<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,2/12/2011,70,77,5,6,4>I heart the Tea House. Really I do. Great food, good service and I don't feel like I'm in a strip mall (even though it's sandwiched between an Anytime Fitness and a Sherwin Williams) since it's decorated nicely. It's not on their menu but you can order hot pot. They bring a large pot on a burner to the table that contains two different broths to dip and cook your veggies/meats. One is spicy and oh, so good. The other has less flavoring, which is good too. The only bad part is that I workout right next to it. I haaaate having to resist Tea House. Do you know the aroma that comes out of this place?! It taunts me so.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/11/2011,95,217,10,5,4>I just...I don't even...I had little to no expectations before entering Bradstreet. I hadn't done any research. Our waitress gave us a brief, slightly boastful explanation of Bradstreet's mixology philosophy. She also told us that 2-3 plates of tapas per person would suffice as a meal. The drinks were phenomenal. We tried something new every time and were never disappointed. I thoroughly enjoyed the food; the calamari is earthy and fresh while the crab cakes could double as bait in a bear trap should someone ever wish to end my mortal days. Make an effort to try the flourless cake. (Note: The menu does not specifically indicate whether the cake is gluten-free; if you care you probably know to ask, but I'm your friend and I'm telling you this as your friend. YOUR FRIEND. Stranger.) The portions are relatively smaller than what you would get at, say, TGI Friday's, but this isn't hobo food, either. For $6, I felt it was a good deal. Frankly, I don't go to a bar to fill up on solid food, so the portions didn't bother me.If you can, get a seat in the cozy lounge in the back. You can make out and stuff and it's groovy. We overheard a manager/higher-up fellow (he spoke of himself opening the bar a few years ago) talking to a couple he didn't seem to know from any prior contact. I can't say that I've ever seen a more down-to-earth guy dressed in an expensive suit. I don't give five stars casually. Bradstreet was the best part of my stay at Graves 601. BEST PART. *thumbs nose at companion*
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,2/10/2011,147,345,2,5,7>One of those places we have driven past for a million years and never tried until now. We stopped in for the first time this weekend. Walking in on a bright day is like walking into the bat cave except it smells like heaven with all the pizza smells hitting you in the face. (I am guessing the bat cave doesn't smell like onions and oregano but I could be wrong.) We ordered a large special with no olives (olives are nasty) and it was sooooo good. Twice I said I was just having one more slice. Leftovers the next day were over the moon good. Glad we stopped in!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,2/9/2011,52,160,2,4,4>I'd like to think that someone at Smashburger read my previous review, because our last trip to Smash was the exact opposite of the previous visit.  In the spirit of the Scientific Method, we ordered the Twin Cities Smashburger, hoping to experience the same level of deliciousness as we had at the Yelp event earlier this year.  One bite into our meal, that warm fuzzy feeling came rushing back.  Paired with Sweet Potato Fries that were delivered fresh and hot...the burger stayed together, and the onions were fried to perfection.  Consider us well on the way to proving our hypothesis that Smashburger serves food that is out of this world.  If our review was read, and feedback was given to the local staff...thank goodness for Yelp!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,2/8/2011,19,78,,11,3>I sheepishly brought in my cheapo knives to be sharpened today. Rather than grinning and maybe silently judging me the way the guy at Lund's does, the fellow at Eversharp was very nice about it and they were both back in fighting condition less than 5 minutes later.Look around because they have an incredible selection of knives, all of which are are beautifully crafted. They even have a "refurbished" section that is a downright bargain - definitely worth a check out if you're in the market for nice knives without breaking the bank!Will definitely return!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,2/7/2011,16,52,3,6,5>Ever since I moved to Saint Paul for college, I've been searching high and low for that perfect Jewish deli, and I think I finally found it in Cecil's.I'll start by saying that I've been quite spoiled by the abundance of delis in the Northwest DC area, and by my mother's incredible homemade matzo ball soup, so it's fair to say that I can be pretty picky about this stuff. A friend of mine who is a native of the Twin Cities first brought me here a few weeks ago, and I was very impressed. The front half of Cecil's is a cute little deli where you can order sandwiches, deli meats and pastries to-go at the counter, and the back half is a perfect, appropriately grungy little sit down area for those who would prefer to eat in. This place looks like a total hole in the wall, but I wouldn't have it any other way. Every sandwich I've had here since discovering this gem has been fantastic, and their breads and pastries are of an equally high quality (my only complaint on the pastry front is their lack of non-fruit flavored rugelach, but their hamentashen are to die for!) The matzo ball soup isn't quite as wonderful as my mom's, but it's still the best I've had in the Twin Cities so far. I love this place and will definitely continue to go back.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,2/6/2011,77,572,3,13,6>Fully aware that I'll sound like a patronizing elder, I have a little advice. If you're a young Yelper, and you fancy yourself a foodie, but don't have the money right now, don't try to skimp out on the experience. Save up your pennies and calculate how long it will take you to get to $300-ish, for two. (What is that, like 60 days without a grande latte? I don't drink coffee so I don't even know.) Then make your reservation on Open Table and just go. Fine dining in these times is a luxury that some may not think is rational, but all good things come to those who wait. And plan.And here's a little more advice: I cannot envision dining here without the tasting menu and definitely not without the wine pairings. The meal is incomplete without the wine. I have a sadly untrained tongue, and my husband's has a taste only for beer, but even the two of us realized that the wine was integral to the enjoyment of the meal. Utterly amazing. Even with my all-seafood tasting menu (their gracious accommodation to my non-meat-eating tastes), the wines managed to complement fairly well.Last little tidbit: this is a five star experience, and I'd suggest that anyone who rates it at any less follow my advice and give it another shot. (What do you know...review #500 for me, and the first for LBV in over a year.)
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,2/5/2011,41,95,4,12,5>I think it is pretty evident that the Hazel's owners have been reading their reviews, because the glitches experienced by the other reviewers were non-existent tonight. The wait-staff and kitchen staff all worked together very nicely, calling each other by name. There was adequate staff for the constant stream of customers, and our waiter was very good. But to the food. Good, good food. The menu wasn't terribly large, which I think is smart for a just-open restaurant. Even with the not-terribly-large menu, there were quite a few things I was debating on getting. Decided on the Adobo Chicken which turned out to be the best chicken I have ever had. Dear Husband ordered the Swedish Meatballs which he said were a bit bland (however I'd argue the "Swedish" defines them as being bland) but his delicious mashed potatoes, and rave-worthy fish chowder more than made up for the meatballs.  We had cheese curds too, as an appetizer. They were quite spicy, which was unexpected (in a good way) but really tasty. The cheese was squeaky fresh (fresh cheese curds are squeaky when you bite them). But above all, it was clear that Hazel's was designed with the customer in mind. Little touches and big touches were noted, nothing was overlooked (and I always check out the bathroom of a new place I review, it truly tells you whether the restaurant is catering to the customer, or to their wallet). We'll be back, we'll be back, we'll be back.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,2/4/2011,66,139,3,10,8>I know - I have a penchant for handing out five-star reviews like they're candy and I'm a candidate for office in a small-town 4th of July parade, but this place truly deserves the accolade.  A mere 10 blocks from my home, and yet I hadn't ventured in since they opened.  I can quite seriously find nothing to gripe about in Victory 44.  Maybe the suspended ceiling in the washroom, but even that is forgiveable.This restaurant made me enjoy - no, love - food that I don't like.  For that alone I thank them.  Our chef/server told us the menu changes every couple of weeks, with some favorites sticking around longer, so I won't assume you'll have the same menu experience we did, but I will describe what we got:The beet salad - Excellent.  The oyster shooters - apparently quite good, and fresh, despite being encased in gelatin (according to the Lovely Lisa... I wouldn't touch the stuff personally).  The reuben - best I've had recently with crunchy bread and tender beef & cabbage.The real secret to this place though, is to sample a bit of each component with every bite you take.  For instance - the cheddar agnolotti was a delightful ravioli-ish pasta stuffed with cheddar cheese and served in a chili-butter sauce with fried shitakes, cilantro, and apple chips.  Take a moment to imagine each of those flavors on its own.  Now just try to imagine them all at once.  You can't!  You have to load them all onto the fork and experience it for yourself.  The same goes for any of their unlikely creations.  Along the same gastro-combo lines, the short ribs were extraordinarily good, slow braised til falling apart and served with blue cheese tots, pickled vegetables, and cauliflower aioli.Seriously though, and I'm saving the best for last here, if they still have them on the menu, get the Devils on Horseback.  Take a date, inject it with fig puree, and wrap it in bacon.  Fry it, and serve it with micro greens and crumbly cheese.  I dare you to not like this dish.The whole "chefs-as-servers" model may have its detractors, and legitimately so, but for the time we spent there and the knowledge of the food we got from our chef/server compared to some servers at reknowned steakhouses who don't know what cut of meat they are putting in front of me, I'd recommend this place any day of the week.  Next time I go (if it's still on the menu) I'm trying the kip tartare, because if there's anyone I'd trust to serve me uncooked veal heart, it's these guys.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,2/3/2011,139,324,3,4,4>I am so happy that we came here on the taco crawl!  I don't know that I would have ever stopped in otherwise.  What a shame that would have been.The space is nothing fancy.  It is a counter and a few Formica tables.  The food is inexpensive and fantastic though!  I went with Ashley F's recommendation for sopes con pollo (yes, I realize it was a "taco" crawl).  So yummy!  The sopes were nice and fresh.  The chicken was tender and nicely seasoned.  Lettuce, tomato, sour cream, onions and the tastiest salsa topped it off.  Two of them were under $4.  Deal of the day!  I agree with Sarah P, I wish there was beer but I guess that can be fixed by utilizing the "taxi" part of the establishment.  I just don't know how I could eat $15 worth!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,12/2/2012,62,122,,7,2>Definitely Americanized, but still good Banh Mi!!I was initially fearful coming here because it seemed Americanized with the spelling "Bun Mi" and the costliness. As a Vietnamese person, I am weary of these types of places and how much catering to the American palette can lose authenticity. I was proved wrong and I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich! I order the Fried Tofu Banh Mi with those addicting fries and special mayo sauce. I LOVED IT. I don't care that I spent nearly 6 bucks on a sandwich that should be 3-4, but it was FANTASTIC. I ordered extra pate, which made it great. The bread was the right texture and they added the right pickled carrots and other ingredients.  I also loved how high-tech this place is! It seems like they are very efficient in their workflow with the employee that uses an iPad down the customer line to receive orders. Highly innovative!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/1/2012,7,80,2,2,2>What kind of bike shop person are you?  Your answer might predict whether you like this place.Flander's is a bike person's bike shop.  That means if someone asks you what kind of bike you ride and you tell them, "One with wheels,"  this place might be overkill at best and intimidating at worst.  The staff can be a bit aloof.  They prize the engineering and performance of the sport.  I'm virtually certain none of the staff have ever attended to a symposium on customer service and being a salesman.  They let the quality speak for itself.  And they really know bikes.  They can repair anything.   I even got a wheel built up there in a very timely way that a local chain had seriously compromised.  They also have a superb collection of used bikes in addition to their nice collection of new and elegant Bianchi bikes (among others).Bike shops are like coffee shops.  They all have the same basic stuff but the details and the personal taste of patron and proprietor are what make it "your place."  If you love fine things and aren't intimidated to ask questions, this place is second to none.  If you are a weekend cruiser type, there's probably more novice friendly places out there.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,11/30/2012,33,34,2,2,2>Pancake heaven has descended upon MInneapolis!  These fluffy, light, golden, and delicious cakes are certainly the product of divine inspiration.  There's absolutely no reason to order anything else (although the scrambled eggs were also done perfectly).The interior is cute and simple.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  All around good things.I only have 2 small complaints... My bf wanted chocolate chip pancakes, but they only had M&Ms.  It seems strange that a place known for pancakes wouldn't have one of the most popular varieties.  Also, they were playing top 40 pop music, which isn't my first choice of tunes on a lazy Sunday morning.Overall, this place was wonderful, and if you only take one thing from this review take this: ORDER THE PANCAKES.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,11/29/2012,62,85,4,11,4>I'm giving Spasso 5 stars for one very important reason, and that is simply their customer service. We chose Spasso for my fathers 50th surprise birthday dinner, and thanks to Spasso the evening was amazing!We had a reservation for 9 adults, 1 pre-schooler, & 1 toddler, and when we arrived our table was already beautifully set - including ice water for everyone as well as a highchair & booster seat. Even the kids' water was filled in a mini cup with a lid & straw. So before I even sat down, I was impressed.Our waiter was awesome (Bonus: he looked very much like Jake Gyllenhaal!) He introduced himself & quickly advised that if we were interested in ordering appetizers &/or drinks that we should do so quickly because happy hour was ending shortly. We chose to order the Polenta Fries, Bruschetta, & Spinach & Artichoke Dip. The Polenta Fries were excellent as well as the 3 delicious sauces that they come with!  The Bruschetta was equally as delicious! I'll have to admit that the Spinach & Artichoke Dip was my least favorite. I just didn't think it had quite enough flavor.Next we ordered our entrees. I chose the Steak & Blue Cobb Salad. I was slightly disappointed. My steak, which I ordered medium-well, was quite chewy & tough, and I felt that the dressing overpowered the blue cheese. I did manage to snag a portion of my father's Gorgonzola Crusted Filet Mignon and man I wish I had ordered that - wow! It was even topped with a huge mound of Crispy Onion Strings - my favorite! Our table had numerous side dishes floating around. I thought that the "Loaded" Mac & Cheese was phenomenal! It really wasn't your traditional mac & cheese, which is probably why I liked it so much. Penne pasta was smothered in a cheesy, creamy, alfredo like sauce & topped with huge bacon pieces & green onion. Delicious! The Asparagas was also done very well!Now it was time for dessert, which was the most amazing & wonderful part of the evening! Since my father is such a huge fan of red velvet cake, I had been calling around town for weeks trying to find the "best" red velvet cake for him (since Spasso told us we were allowed to bring in our own cake), when my mother suggested I ask Spasso if they could do a special red velvet cake for us. So I called Spasso & was connected with the Head Pastry Chef who said that he could make a Red Velvet Cheesecake which would generously feed 10-12 people. I thought long & hard about that. I wasn't quite sure what a Red Velvet Cheesecake even tasted like, let alone one from "just" a restaurant. But a took a risk, and said "sure!". I asked if he could make it look nice & personalize it for us as well. I had no idea that that was the best decision I could possibly make!The Manager brought out the cake and let me tell you that this cake was HUGE! I mean HUGE! And it was absolutely gorgeous! It was beautifully decorated with a generous amount of cream cheese frosting & white chocolate curls, as well as fresh berries & candles. Wow! The manager then cut the cake for us, & let's just say that the 11 of us barely made a dent in it - literally! And most of us had 2 pieces because it was absolutely delicious! Layers of moist red velvet cake were combined with a light & creamy  cheesecake, & topped with a delicious (& not in the least heavy) cream cheese frosting. The cake literally took my breath away! What a wonderful way to end our dinner!Thank you Spasso for showing me that true customer service really still does exist!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/28/2012,36,42,4,7,5>I had to throw my hat in the ring for Namaste! I was taken here on a first date a number of years ago, and while that went nowhere, my relationship with Namaste has blossomed! Namaste has something for everyone. Chicken or fish for my mom, Beef or lamb for my dad, shrimp or veggies for me, and a wonderful array of drinks.Namaste does the unusual in providing both a varied and interesting meat menu as well as a varied and interesting vegan menu as well as knowledge and labeling of  common food allergens. Their portions seem small, but are filling and well composed. Plus, when I add rice - and they have brown available - I often end up bringing home left-overs.They recently started offering liquor, before they had only beer and wine, and I have found their cocktails to range from good to great! The CC Cool and the Great Lakes are my favorite cocktails.The atmosphere is always relaxing yet fun, and Namaste manages to seem like a cool summer hang out, and a cozy winter retreat. Basically, whatever need for food or atmosphere you have, Namaste can fill it!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/27/2012,47,131,3,4,3>Very cool/fun place, unique cupcakes, variety of baked good options, great location for everyone downtown that NEEDS a bit of sweet--you know what I'm talking about!  I love that Angle Food Bakery makes so many different cupcake flavor options.  Of the ones I've tried, Lusty Lemon, Chunky Monkey, and Chocolate Thunder were my favorites.  Coconut Curry Lime, Strawberry Birthday Cake (the strawberry is a filling), and Tiger (orange and chocolate) was good.  The Black Bottom Cheesecake and Carrot were disappointingly dry and bland.  The Carrot Cake seemed to be old because the cake was very dry and the frosting was goopy-sticky, so be weary of the potentially old cupcakes Angle Food will sell for the same price as a fresh cupcake (~$3.50).Angle Food is definitely worth a visit for anyone working downtown, and it's a must stop for any cupcake aficionado!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/26/2012,84,52,2,3,3>Located in a strip mall in Fridley, I didn't expect the melt in your mouth goodness, flavor, and quality of the ice cream I experienced here. The ice cream is full of flavor and very creamy.  I had the almond ice cream and it was just perfect.  My boyfriend had the bacon ice cream, which he loved as well. I'm not a huge fan of bacon ice cream, but if you like bacon ice cream I think you'd be impressed. There are real chunks of crunchy bacon in it.They do root beer floats and orange floats too if you are interested in that.  I felt the orange float was a little too sweet for my liking, but I guess that's how they usually are.I loved the almond ice cream and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/25/2012,18,118,2,9,3>My wife and I have now been to Eat Shop three times. Last night we did a "date night" and had a blast. We started in the bar, then saw some friends on the patio so headed out there. The evening finished in the dining room. Three hours after we walked in, we left with full stomachs and big smiles. Tonight, we decided to bring the kids back along with my mom. Once again, it was a fantastic experience for all. In our three visits over the last 8 days, we've covered much of the menu and everything we've had has been simply wonderful. Every server we've encountered has been top-notch; answering all of our questions expertly. Eat Shop has earned a spot on our regular dining rotation as well as an extra star in my rating. I just can't gush enough - we love it and are looking forward to going back. My original review is below...I came with very high expectations considering the history of the owners of Eat Shop. I was also really excited about the possibility of something a little more upscale than all of the sports-bars in the area. While it was not exactly what I expected, I was not disappointed either.The space is sort of unfinished and sparse. The openness made for a loud, yet inviting spot, but there are no quiet little corners for romance. The serving staff dressed in plaid, jeans and cute little aprons ala Bachelor Farmer. The outdoor fireplaces are a really nice touch, but I get the feeling that the patio is more of a waiting spot than a meeting spot. On to the food, which is almost completely made from scratch...We started with the Kitchen Plate which was a selection of house-made sausages, pickled fish and peppers, crackers, etc. It was damn good. I especially enjoyed the pickled whitefish which greatly appealed to my scandinavian palate.For dinner, I did a Kitchen Burger and a small cesar salad. The burger was cooked perfectly; pink and juicy, but not greasy. It was topped with a sizable slice of aged sharp cheddar, an egg and some peppers. I simply devoured it - I don't think I even put it down once I picked it up. The cesar salad included deep-fried anchovies, which were a very tasty touch.My wife had the shrimp salad which was pretty impressive. It was topped with some very plump, perfectly deep-fried (almost tempura-like) shrimp. She too plowed through it and was pleased. Both of our kids were also very happy with the kids burger and cheese fries that they ordered.Including a couple of martini's each for my wife and I, we spent around $100 for the four of us. Considering the quality of the food and the excellent service, I think that was a great deal.  Eat Shop has been open less than a week, and I assume that they have some kinks to work out judging from the poorer reviews. We, however, were very pleased with our choices and intend to go back very soon.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,11/24/2012,45,132,2,2,3>Seriously people? I get it. They aren't the best team.But it's my team. They have definitely disappointed me several times to the point of tears. They have excited me to the point of peeing my pants. They have riled me up so much that I have lost  my voice. It's football. It's an actual sport, yes. Sports entail winning and losing unless you are the Yankees spending more money than god inspring to assemble the perfect team rather than building camaraderie and skill. (Yet, I can't ball up the hate for them as some of these no nonsense VIkings haters)Losing is frustrating yes, but if your athletic talents start and end with how fast you can update your facebook; then maybe we shouldn't be so darn critical.Loyal #mnvikings fan living in Pandora's Box with Elpis.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/23/2012,75,123,,6,3>This trolley ride is awesome! You get to ride and enjoy the beautiful scenery of Stillwater, while  learning  some of the history of Stillwater, historical buildings and houses. It's breathtaking! The trolley driver/tour guide is always terrific. It's really, really worth it.  I always recommend this tour to people going to Stillwater for the first time or suggest to people who have out-of-towners visiting!  It also leaves right at the Freighthouse restaurant's parking lot, a fun, place to dine, which I have also reviewed about. yelp.com/biz/freight-hou…
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/10/2008,18,17,1,5,6>Great atmosphere. The lighting in this place makes it a great evening place to hang out. Convenient to most things downtown especially if you are going to the Guthrie.Great Sushi! Also the tall cans of Sapporo make my day. I have been here on a date, with friends, or business colleagues. it can work for all. There is also the hibatchi grill. Good food but you kinda smell like the food after being by the grill.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,11/9/2008,85,28,3,3,4>Seriously, the best grilled cheese sandwich you'll ever have, and some damn good cookies, too. And I'm quite particular about my cookies. Never mind that they're vegan.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,11/8/2008,47,152,,5,4>So many good things have already been mentioned about this bar. I have only sat out on the patio, but of course had to check out the restroom which was ok by me. I recall something about not having a food menu, but I could be wrong. I do remember people ordering a pizza and having it delivered to the bar. Maybe it was too early in the evening, someone correct me if I am wrong. Anyways, they had a good happy hour and an enjoyable atmosphere. I would surely come back another evening and sit by the bonfire and enjoy a drink.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,11/7/2008,9,36,1,3,2>Ellis is really a great store. Great gear, excellent staff and repair guys. The selection never seems to slip and prices are pretty good. Lessons are offered. This review really only is referencing the St.Paul location because as far as the Richfield store is concerned, they still have some work to do to make it up to par with it's older, more handsome, and, talented brother.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,11/6/2008,16,22,2,10,5>I go to Greek Grille about once a month. I'd probably go more often if it was a closer to my officeI don't claim to be a Greek expert or anything, but I am always delighted with these special Greek sauces they are slathering on my food. I don't subscribe to the meat eating variety, and I always find the vegetarian options to be abundant and satisfying. The cashiers are a little flirtatious which is always amusing over the lunch hour, prices are reasonable and the food comes out fast.  This is a recipe for success for a lady on lunch.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,11/5/2008,3,7,3,4,4>Sunday brunch was tasty indeed.  Many of the inexpensively-priced creations were novel.  Bison sausage and omlet creations were strong plusses.  In the "what was that" category - the corned beef hash was prepared in such a way that the corned beef floated in vinegar - not giving the traditional deli corned beef taste many of us (ME) have come to expect, and savor.  Others might find the variance delightful, however.  Room a bit noisy (walls) for conversation, especially hard on hearing aids.  Try it.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,11/4/2008,53,38,9,5,6>Not going to lie I thought I was walking into a brothel when I check this place out, but everyone there was really polite and the food was amazing! I stopped by before work to pick up lunch and it was right off of the light rail so it worked out perfectly. It really is one hell of a hole in the wall joint and I must agree with a previous post that the "slaw" isn't so great, however the potatoes and ribs were some of the best that I have ever tasted. Ribs were cooked just right and I could eat the sauce raw if given the opportunity. Places like this deserve good reviews as they tend to cherish good old fashion customer service. If you liked Ted Cook's definitely check out Scott Ja-Mama's a little further south in Minneapolis.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,11/3/2008,42,103,7,7,7>We watched the Ohio State game last night. Got there after kickoff to avoid the Michigan mishap we experienced last time (read my past review for those details). No Michigan peeps, but a ton of pub crawl girls and boys. One thing I've learned about Minneapolis is the amount of pub crawls that go on here. When is there a weekend where there isn't a pub crawl? Gotta love it. Steak sandwich = get it immediately and enjoy the hell outta it It's the bread. The bread is amazing. But the steak is also shaved and cooked to perfection and the jalapeno cheese sauce is the perfect touch. Fries are cooked well w/ some added flavor accents. Well done. Good drinks. Bloody Mary is on point. Or so I was told by my friends, for I do not drink 'em. However, there is a Bloody Mary bar so you can make yer own concoction on Sundays during the NFL games. So if you're into 'em, you might want to check out their BM bar on Sundays. If you go to 508, ask to sit in Bethany's section. I did not know Bethany before last night, but now we're good friends. She was an amazing server. The pub crawl had obviously kicked off way earlier in the day and they were struggling hard at about 7:30 when we got in there for the game. We sat at the big booth right in front of the stairs, so we inevitably watched everyone go down the stairs to the bathrooms and come back up. Good people watching spot. But when these strugglers came up, they'd stop at the top of the stairs and hug, kiss, grope, sway back and forth, yell, raise their hands in victory, dance horribly... anything, but always in front of us so it made it hard to watch the game. We asked dear Bethany to tell them to move for 508 was worried of their safety in case they fell down the stairs. She moved 'em. The Ohio State game was on the left and right TVs, and the MN Wild was on the center. Didn't look like anyone was watching the hockey game, and with one of my dudes in tow who loves MN Gopher hockey, we asked that the TV be changed to that. Bethany changed it for us. 508 was of course busy due to the pub crawl, but Bethany didn't blame anyone but herself, and told us she was catching up so to excuse her in the beginning but by the end she'd be back to herself. I respect that honesty. And she was right, she turned it on mid-service and came out like a champ. If I had a Championship belt on me, I left that shit in my other jeans, she would have been wearing it by night's end. The booths are insanely comfortable. I nearly took a nap on Lauren after eating. But, what you get in comfort you give up in closeness to a TV as you're on one side of the place in the booth and the TVs are above the bar, on the other side of the place. So bring your glasses if you want yer ass to be comfy.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,11/2/2008,2,7,,7,5>When I moved to the twin cities a few years back, I was confused by the lack of good pizza options.  I was told by friends that Pizza Luce and Davanni's were the best in town.  Don't get me wrong, they both are delicious, but if you are looking for new york style pizza, you aren't going to find it there.  Davanni's might offer something they describe as "New York Traditional", it was a far cry from real stuff.Luckily, one day, while throwing away junk mail, one of the mailers had a Ginelli's Pizza coupon on the outside.  I was hungry, and sick of the other pizza options so I called them up for delivery. Ginelli's Pizza makes the perfect greasy new york style pie with the real mozzarella and hand-tossed crusts.  I have ordered from them many times since that fateful day (when my arteries can take it) and they have always provided courteous and prompt delivery.  The only caveat I have here is that they have odd hours on weekends:Sat 4:30PM-2AM and Sun 4PM-10PM.If you feel like your life is missing good greasy new york pizza, this place is for you!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,10/31/2008,31,178,3,7,4>Went to the Haunted Basement last night.Why only 4 stars you may ask, well, after all the hype I have been hearing I was expecting to be scared silly.  And maybe it is the fact I have a horror movie freak since the age of 8, but I didn't pee my pants.  Now don't get me wrong, those of you not raised watching "Friday the 13th" movies while still in diapers will be - as Jen E. put it - "messed up", as my significant other was a bit distressed at the end.And those worried about the 'waiver'...does that mean bad sh!t it going to happen??...well - not really.  It is just that you are in a very old basement and you may trip, they don't want to be blamed for your clumsiness.Also, I would recommend wearing clothing easy to move in as well as decent shoes.  You will find yourself in some weird spots.Enough said, you go and let me know if you peed your pants.  (btw - I was told that there had been a few 'accidents' this years already)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,1/23/2011,154,274,9,9,11>Vegetarians, take notice. You don't eat meat because you've never eaten at The Strip Club. Inhuman treatment of animals? Not when they are served up as succulent as they are at this place. Cows dream of becoming this delicious! It is the cows destiny..... .....to be in my belly..... I was escorted by the lovely (and I do mean lovely) Katherine Z. Katherine is the Queen of The Strip Club!!! (This is the ONLY time I can say someone is the queen of the strip club and NOT have it somehow relate to STI's or something dirty) Katherine basically grandfathered me into the family feeling that you get from all the employees here. Each employee greeted her warmly with a hug and a smile, and then everyone introduced themselves to me and accepted me with the same warmness they greeted her with. I can say that The Strip Club has unbeatable customer service. These guys are genuinely nice!!! And Katherine said that they always remember the semi-regulars, which is something you don't always find at a busy, quality place. The decor is very nice! Very classy!! We sat on the upper level right by the fire place. The fire place is cool because it's actually a secret passageway to their office! How cool!!!! Secret passageway!!! The lighting is dim and intimate, and perfect for dining with your sweetheart..... ...or the gorgeous Katherine Z , as such was my case ;D The food is amazing. I ordered the sirloin steak, it was $19.00. I was actually expecting things to be a little more pricey, so I was pleased to see I could get steak for just under $20. I tried one of their dipping sauces, but really, the steak is so good, it can be eaten plain. I also ordered the deviled eggs, they were truly delicious!! They have a good selection of 'small plates' which are more cost conscious, if you are on a budget. They are kind of like appetizers on steroids :) Get a few of those and you'll be set.And you'll still have enough money left afterwardsto go to an actual strip club!!Bwahahahahaha!!!     :) They have a great selection of liquor and beer too, so coming in for a drink and sitting at the bar is always an option. I will definitely be coming back here, I enjoyed every single aspect of this place.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,1/21/2011,36,55,3,4,6>Tequila Bar...I think YES! What makes Barrio so cool?B=best margaritas in townA=awesome atmosphere with a goth, punk, yet chic lookR=Room for Read charity fundraiser held there where $1 for every item ordered on the menu was donated to books for children in Southeast AsiaR=Rockin' guac....seriously I don't think I've every had it this good! (sorry mom)I=interesting menu...try the potato sopes for a rich, goat cheese, potato yet mexican mixO=only place I've really tried in St. Paul since moving here...but will def go back
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,1/20/2011,949,964,2,5,4>I think Isaac was in search of the perfect reuben, couldn't find it so he came up with one himself. You can taste the pickling spices. Not messy yet plenty of dressing with the way they mix it into the meat and kraut. You get a side and it's nice that it can be soup. And what a soup, the most fantastic broccoli cheese in my life. This place screams for a second fancy location with the deli experience. But this works for now, and Maplewood hit the jackpot.  The seating is interesting, the stools are high but not that high, and comfortable.Note: really half assed driving directions. Instead of driving through the cities unless you live on the east side, go to 94 east get off Mcknight Rd. North, stay on til you hit Larpenteur, it's the strip mall on the left. Simple.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,1/19/2011,84,275,4,3,3>After dinner yesterday we decided to go for a drink, we wanted something different than the usual downtown or uptown spots, so I remembered reading about this place and decided to give it a try.... We drove around the north loop looking for it. We ended up finding it surprisingly easily considering we did not know the address and the place is kind of in the middle of nowhere.A couple of Zombies were hanging out outside the bar and wished us a Happy Tuesday. Inside the place was almost empty and the decor really surprised us. It was zombesque but more retro-cool than horror-tacky and they were showing cheesy horror movies like Rodriguez's Planet Terror.We sat at the bar and admired the wide selection of liquors. After consultation with the bartender I ended up getting a Campari and soda and BF got a Kyr Royal. Bartender knew what a Negroni (actually it's on their drink list under a different name) was and most bartender in the twin cities have no idea....Anyway at these point 10 or so "zombies" walked in wishing everyone a Happy Tuesday. it was all pretty cool. we hang around for a while drinking and chatting and then left around midnight.I think we will be back....
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,1/18/2011,94,61,5,4,5>This is the place I almost lost my karaoke virginity. That cherry still has not been popped but it *could* have happened here.The most eclectic group of people packed into the smallest bar I have ever been in.  The most random collection of stuff ever crammed onto a wall or pinned to a ceiling.I felt like I was in an alternate reality that mixed Ely with Uptown at a bar where everybody knows your name. The wait to get up there and belt it out is long, as is the bar line. Pick one or the other. Drinks were my priority and I was proud to sing unwanted back-up with every other person in the bar to the brave souls who held the microphone.Bathrooms are tiny and if you are claustrophobic or hate being touched by people, you probably wanna skip this spot. But if you do come, you will have a great time.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,1/17/2011,192,528,4,9,7>I'll pile on another 5 star review. First, I'll thank Katherine Z. for recommending this place to me. I'm a little embarrassed that I've never been here despite the fact that it is about a half mile from my house. Excellent fresh made chips and salsa. (free) Probably my favorite of any Mexican restaurant because the salsa was about my perfect level of hotness, maybe a 7 out of 10. The chips were still warm. The beef burrito was excellent, again the sauce made this meal. The beef was cooked in a very flavorful sauce. I thought the chicken taco was a little dry, pretty average. If you are getting tacos, chicken tacos anyways, I'd recommend La Cabana down the street. I tried one El Salvadoran treat, the cream filled dessert Empanada for $1.25. The dough was nice, sweet and chewy. Very reasonably priced too. I came here with my dad and we both got a burrito, a taco, an empanada and drink for $19. I was mega hungry and left happy. You can park for free in the salon parking lot on the corner.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,1/16/2011,164,127,12,9,6>Taste of India deserves some love after all the inexplicable reactions I've read here today. The food is excellent.  The ambiance, service...eh...why are you thinking of those things when you've got a food baby to pat lovingly?  Who on earth goes to Indian restaurants for ambiance, anyway? Most "authentic" ethnic cuisines don't come with fantastic atmosphere or stellar service...in fact, they are usually holes-in-the-wall, so I'm more than happy with what Taste of India has going on.When I moved here from New York, I knew that I would have to give up authentic indian food, or make a trip to Chicago for some really good indian food. My co-workers have tried to help find an Indian restaurant in which I would be raving days about, but every one that we've been to - I've shock my head, and said, "EH." Taste of India was different - it wasn't the best Indian food I had - but it was the best I had so far, in the Twin Cities. It's decent , it's passable, if I get that Indian craving at odd hours, this will be where I'm headed. The first time I tried this place, I wasn't impressed - but last week, I went there three times, three nights in a row. My last being, after getting out of the gym, randomly calling at minutes to ten, and asking desperately for "Hi do you have gulab jamuns, because I really need gulab jamuns" Their gulab jamuns reminds me of the ones that you find on the streets, from street vendors - the best are from street vendors. I sounded like a crazy pregnant woman, so I sent the boy to pick them up, because I didn't want to shock the owners. I want to make sure I'm loud and clear about how good the food is, because I know people look at this Yelp page and see negative reviews from others which contain statements like, "I'm Indian..." or "My wife is Indian" as if that magically confers upon someone the automatic title of "ultimate authority on Indian food".  It doesn't.  We're fallible, too.If it matters, I'm Indian, too. I was a  strict, life-long vegetarian, but now I eat chicken/fish and blah, except cows, cows are our friends, not food after all.  Growing up in an Orthodox household, all I ate was Indian food, cooked fresh at home.  See that?  That's an "authenticity" stamp on my ass-- now you know that what I say has that special, "Well, if INDIAN PEOPLE LIKE IT"-appeal.Taste of  India has the spicy, butter-drenched traditional North Indian fare, I love the onion kulcha, the garlic naans, the chicken tikka masala and the chicken makhani. It's all north indian fare, nothing unpredictable, or surprising. -THE INDIAN FOOD HERE IS YUMMY (and worth allegedly bad service/ poor ambiance).
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,1/14/2011,18,45,2,7,6>Truly excellent baked goods are sort of a casualty of modern progress.  Charming neighborhood bakeries and oven-fresh bread at home are relative rarities.  Now you swing by the grocery store after work and begrudgingly toss a loaf of bread or a package of cookies into the cart.Rustica is keeping it real.I've been a devotee of their baguettes and levain for some time -- various places around town carry them.  The baguettes are baked to perfection: crisp outside and delicious inside.  The levain had just the right amount of sourdough bite.  I love a good schmear of butter on my bread, but honestly Rustica's is tasty enough that sometimes I do without.  The various cookies, scones, and other sweet pastries I've had have never disappointed either.  They're nothing fancy really, just extremely well done.I recently decided to actually check out their new(er) digs off Lake Street and give their coffee a try as well.  I saw more care go into that cappuccino than I did at my last ten trips to Caribou or Dunn Brothers.  The steamed milk foam was like stiff meringue and the espresso tasted like rich, strong coffee instead of char.In this age of recession and financial woe, there's something to be said for the prices too.  The coffee is little different than what you'd pay elsewhere.  Cookies are exactly one dollar.  No bread or pastry is over five bucks.  Join the revolution.  Support baked goods that are actually GOOD.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,1/13/2011,203,560,3,10,6>Remember this place when it is the week of your birthday.  Go there.  Tell them it is your birthday.  Now: look at the wine list and deduct your age from the price.  We scored a top shelf Chianti for basically free.  Sweet!To get this deal, you'll need to order from the entrees (e.g. ordering apps or pizzas won't cut it).  I can recommend the linguine with mussels and clams--lots of shellfish topping perfectly cooked pasta and a flavorful brothlike sauce.  Start with a Caesar salad and you will be pleased.  There is also a pleasant outside patio, rarely crowded, which makes a good place to enjoy a cocktail.  Happy hour looks promising as well.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,1/12/2011,114,193,9,4,4>Hide yo kids, hide yo wife, and hide yo husband too, 'cuz they servin' peanut butter up in here.Let's start with the drinks, since I've had a few.  There's a distinct sorority flavor to the drink menu, but we've managed to find the gems, like Darwin's Martini. I tried the Ice Breaker (a hot drink with blackberry-infused Jack Daniels -- smooth as butter) and my husband was daring and went for the Bartender's Choice, which is completely random; he got a strawberry drink with some type of infused vodka. It's not anything we'd ever regularly order (we're more of the classic cocktail school), but it was tasty just the same.  He followed that with a Manhattan made with the blackberry JD.  At that point, the server seemed to be in great awe of my husband's drink palate.  It was cute.The food was great as usual.  The Fromage-a-trois appetizer was a bit delicate on the cheese flavors (and short on baguette), but otherwise pleasant.  My husband went for his beloved ribs and I had the Jamaican Jerk Burger.  Both of these are familiar friends in our world and excelled as expected.For dessert, we had the Brownie Bonanza, which is the regular brownie dessert covered in PB, ice cream, caramel sauce and whip.  It's an overwhelming flavor combination in which the incredible house-made peanut butter devours all others, but if one were to look at that description and have any expectation of nuance, they'd need a good slap.I needed a good return to Hells, because frankly, I didn't like giving them three stars.  I know they're better than that.  Our previous issues with service didn't seem to rear their heads tonight, and that's a relief.  Hopefully this is a one-way road in the right direction.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,3/15/2012,24,156,,7,2>The Beauty Room is a BEAUTIFUL and spacious salon.  I have long hair and lately due to the heat and being bored with my hair, it's been really hard wanting to keep it long.  In fear of chopping it all off and craving a change, I elected to make an appointment with Katie Marie and have my hair colored. I went to the salon knowing I wanted to lighten my hair up a little, and was really nervous about parting with my red hair.  After discussing how I wanted something new, but scared to have anything too high maintenance I was sold on the idea of the ombre dying technique.  At the end of the appointment I had very natural color that kept some of the red I came in with but also incorporated some blond and deep brown.  I can't say enough about how happy I am with my new color.  I absolutely love it and it was the change that I needed.  Thanks Katie for working your magic!I haven't gotten my hair dyed in a salon for maybe 5+ years now...it's been a while.  I remember it being expensive, and while my visit to Beauty Room wasn't cheap I firmly believe it was worth every penny.  FYI, all the stylists charge different rates and accept different forms of payment (cash versus credit).  Be sure to ask about those details when booking your appointment.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,3/14/2012,124,263,,3,3>I wish the Subhouse was near my office.  This is exactly the type of food I crave at lunch time.  You'll find tons of fresh, healthy, and vegetarian sandwiches and salads here.  Toppings not found at your typical sub shop are ingeniously available here - including avocados, sprouts, radishes, sunflower nuts, and dried cranberries.  Friendly and accommodating staff, sidewalk seating, and neat historic pictures of Hudson make this an excellent choice for a casual lunch.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,3/13/2012,441,746,4,5,4>This is the best burger I've ever had. I have to say, it is expensive at $14 bucks, but it comes with fries and is, afterall, the best burger ever. EVER.I don't even care what they serve in the main dining room, because I know they don't serve the burger there. If you come during Happy Hour, the burger is less. Have you guessed the theme of this review is the friggin' awesome burger?The meat is primarily beef, but has some pork rib ground in, which gives it a rich juicy heft to it. And then there is some kind of frenchy cheese inside, that made me think it could be a Juicy Lucy, but don't want to throw that term around too casually around here, lest I get cut up and down by the JC purists. So hypothetical: If this *were* a juicy lucy, I dare say it is the best one ever. Also, the poutine is worth a trip to the doctor, which I believe is the textbook definition of a poutine.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,3/12/2012,20,74,,4,3>Perfect Friday night cocktails and dinner with the girls! And they served up possibly the best mojito I've ever had the pleasure of drinking.We decided to dine here for a Friday girls dinner and it was a great choice! I arrived around 7 and reserved a table on the patio then made my way into the bar and ordered the mojito and I was pleasantly suprised, it was AHHH-mazing, blueberry, pomegranate I do believe. It was a little on the pricey side however ($12) but totally worth it. After a hectic week at work It was exactly what I needed. I'm not much of a beer drinker anymore but the selection looked to be off the hook. Once seated, our waitress took very good care of us. I was torn between the Sausage and Olive Pizza and the Angus Cheeseburger (vastly different, I know) but our waitress settled me on the cheeseburger. I normally get my burgers well done but she convinced me to go medium well, a feat I strongly applaud her for because that was one of the best, full-flavored burgers I have had in a long time! Oh, and it helped fill me up after the mojito. (I think I figured out why it was $12, because I was buzzed after drinking only half of it) The burger and fries definitely saved my butt. Service was great and she really tried to see us some dessert asking "Would you like to share something sweet, besides the company." If we weren't so full from our dinner's we may have taken her up on the offer! She was also super nice about splitting the check up - as some waitresses are not. One negative - the bathroom is really small for the kind of crowed they host on a Friday night. But no fear - I will return to the Happy Gnome!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,3/11/2012,47,131,4,6,5>A knowledgeable staff, fantastic products, sampling galore, and I keep coming back for more!I love when the staff can tell me where and who creates the fantastic olive oils and vinegars Vinaigrette sells.  I love to be able to taste the producer's efforts and buy their product with delight and appreciation for their work.  I love sharing Vinaigrette's products with friends and family and seeing their eye light up with enjoyment.Yes, the oil and vinegar is pricy, but this is not for cooking.  This is kind of product you drizzle on the top at the end, so its flavors come out pure.  Believe me, you don't need much, and it's just so good!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,3/10/2012,19,102,1,14,4>Blink and you could miss this tiny, new restaurant just off Rockford Road, just west of 494. But whatever you do, don't miss it! It's brand new and took over the spot that used to house a Panchero's... sort of an odd spot, but it works. The inside is cafe-like, very open and every seat has a view of the kitchen where your food's cooked.The menu is small, but the food-- especially the seafood-- is awesome. The owner told me they have their seafood flown in fresh from Peru and my shrimp was cooked perfectly in a yellow pepper sauce with potatoes and rice. Oh man, this has become my new favorite seafood dish. The wait staff is extremely helpful and nice. Prices average about $15.00 for entrees, which is not bad for excellent seafood. They're only open in the evenings after 4 pm, except on Sundays when they open at 2 pm. I've never had Peruvian cuisine before today and this place made me an instant fan!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,3/9/2012,53,311,,7,2>After a recent stop at the new Blackbird, my fiance and I decided to read up on Cocina Latina.  What intrigued us was its blend of Mexican and South American offerings.  So on Labor Day, when plenty of "American" establishments were closed, Cocina Latina was a great option that moved to the top of our list.  I used to live in Queens, where there are tons of Colombians and therefore plenty of fun cheap Colombian restaurants.  So naturally, I wanted to sample their South American cuisine rather than their Mexican dishes, which are far more plentiful in the TC.  We started with their arepas con queso, which I used to eat in NYC but have been sorely lacking in my life since.  These arepas were great.  Just the right amount for an appetizer, melty cheese on top, just slightly crispy on the outside, and soft and corn mealy on the inside.  The salsa on the table was also a great accompaniment.  For my main dish, I cannot recall the name of the dish, but it was their pork loin dish that seasoned and grilled, and served with plaintain, beans and rice.  I loved it, it hit the spot, and I'll hopefully have a chance to return sometime in the not so distant future.  There isn't a ton of South American options in Minneapolis, so I am really glad I finally tried this place.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,3/8/2012,9,46,4,5,2>I was going to make this a 4-star review. But I honestly can't think of a reason to deduct a star. Allow me to explain in three meals.1. Breakfast: I order the gyro platter. A pita, covered in gyro meat (which is absolutely the best I've ever had), slathered with tzaziki, and then topped with two perfectly cooked poached eggs. YOU tell me where you can possibly go wrong with that. Maybe if your three year old keeps eating it and you have to eat her exquisitely cooked french toast instead. I like french toast, but really, I come here for gyro and eggs. And she keeps eating it! That's not Shish's fault, though.2. Lunch: Half pound burger cooked to perfection. Then covered in gyro meat and a side of fries. If you like sweet potato fries (I don't), you'll LOVE them here. Zig-zag cut and cooked to perfection. Regular fries are show-string and if they're not as perfect as the sweet potato version, they make up for this deficiency with the garlic sauce that comes with the burgers.A word on their garlic sauce: It costs extra, but it's worth it. It's pure garlic, ground into a paste and then they add a little lemon juice and some salt. That's it. It is pure heavenly bliss - but only if you're done with work meetings and you no longer feel the need to constantly impress your spouse/SO.3. Dinner: Oh my god I'm still full from breakfast and lunch! So, I'll get the falafel appetizer because I have to. Fried, but not overdone, and accompanied by the most fantastic dipping sauce. Since I'm so full, I might share a lamb kabob platter with my daughter, or a gyro platter with her as well. The vegetables are always good and the rice is a good accompaniment to the flavorful meat when I don't want to get my hands messy or if I'm just tired of pIta. I might want to annoy her and order the chicken shawarma, which is moist and deilcious - but she doesn't like it because she doesn't like chicken breast. Or I might just get a gyro and fend her off with a kids gyro platter that comes with a half gyro, fries, and fruit for a great price.Note: I'm not kidding, my daughter LOVES gyro's and she loves Shish. And, to be honest, I usually order a kids meal for myself. The portions are so big that, unless I'm sharing with someone, I usually have a hard time finishing them.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,3/7/2012,126,98,2,2,3>This is one business you would want to write to home about. No seriously tell your parents to visit this place. The chopin dining room is very retro with a karaoke accompanied with a live pianist. I must admit I did not try the main course however I tried the Sweet potato soup, a side of fries and dessert which all were very sumptuous. The karaoke was fun because it kept the atmosphere very lively.We then moved to the bar area of the restaurant next doors. An awesome band called the new primitives were playing there. It was one of the best live bands i have heard in a bar setting.  There is also ample parking space right next to the restaurant. I am very happy that I visited this place and would highly recommend others to try it at least once.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,3/6/2012,192,528,,7,4>I absolutely love the Public House, even more than the Java J's that used to be there.  They have a small, but absolutely stellar tap beer selection, and a great happy hour on food and drinks.  It is one of the few places that you can go to just hang out with friends and have a drink.  Kind of like Central Perk on Friends, but with beer.  What makes this place tops though is the dessert.  I think some sort of a pastry chef owns the place and they make the absolute best carrot cake on this planet.  (This coming from a man who is vehemently opposed to trying to pass vegetables off as dessert).  They also had a lava chocolate cake that was tops.  I cannot think of a place that has better desserts, seriously.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,4/9/2009,124,263,7,9,7>I've been here a billion times and most of the time I am happy I stopped in and leave with something I ran out of, or when my budget allows, a new indulgence.   However, there have been some not-so-great experiences when it comes to the staff's demeanor and I leave without buying anything purely based on that fact.I attended a workshop here once which I found to be pretty snoozy (even though the topic is one I typically find to be exciting!).  I probably wouldn't attend another workshop here.I love the non-sleazy boutique atmosphere and the vegan friendliness here.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,4/8/2009,66,139,8,8,8>I got a gift certificate for this place for Christmas this year.  I read the Yelp reviews and was not expecting a lot of flavor.  What I got was a really decent Viognier and some great food.  The space is intimate and the service is friendly but non-intrusive.  I don't know if they are paying attention and adjusting their menu to hit their stride, or if I just went on a good night, because I normally agree with Sal K, Jessica O, and Guya I.  Seriously, I was not at all disappointed with the food.The stuffed roasted tomatoes were awesome (though anytime you're stuffing something with soft melted mozzarella and Basil I'm going to get on board), and the Black-eyed Pea salad inspired me to make a similar (though meat-centric) variation myself a couple days later at home.I'm not a big fan of trout in general, but I am well-versed enough in seafood to know that it was very well prepared.  The sweet potatoes it was served with were the real selling point of this dish.  I had the maple-glazed tofu with wild rice and hazelnuts.  While it was a bit more mushroomy than I would have preferred, the tofu itself was quite tasty.  Sweet, but savory enough to hold its own as an entree.While I respect what this restaurant is trying to do, I am a little perplexed by its mission to be all things to all people.  I like the Locavore movement, and I respect a restaurant that really caters to the vegetarian/vegan demographic with options other than salads and pastas.  However, they seem to be embracing every single food trend out there right now.  Seriously, narrow your focus, people.Also I feel the need to make a blanket statement:  Gluten-free bread is like regular bread insofar as they both come in squarish slices.  That is as far as the similarities go.  I'm sorry, maybe it makes me a culinary chauvinist, but at least offer me real bread.Overall though, this is a place to watch.  I know I'll be back, though I'm not sure I'd explore the depth of their menu much past the couple of items I know I'm going to enjoy.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,4/7/2009,34,120,3,7,6>Let me preface this review by saying that I have never actually "dined" at Sapor....but I have sat at the bar/lounge or on the patio for happy hour more times than I'd like to admit.  The happy hour is not well known, but let me be the first to say that it is FANTASTIC.  If you are looking for a "grown up" happy hour, this is THE place to do it.  The bar is cozy and quiet.  The service is impeccable.  When the weather is cooperating, the patio (on a cool loading dock on 5th, but with a good view of Washington Ave N.) is one of my favorites in the city with cool modern furniture and umbrellas as well as great late day sun.  The happy hour menu features gourmet takes on some good ol' classics.  The burger and fries (served in a terracotta pot) are delicious and can easily serve as a small meal.  The mixed green salads and specialty pizzas are also tasty.  One of my only complaints is the prices - it used to be that you could get anything on the HH menu for $3 - wine, beer, burger, onion rings, quesadilla. This was great, especially in figuring out the bill for your group at the end of the night.  Unfortunately as with many great things - the prices have gone up slightly (but not by much).
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2008,4/6/2009,80,225,30,10,21>Dear Felicia,Have you actually been to the Mall of America? Let's say you have. Just because there aren't stores here that YOU like does not mean there are no places "worth" shopping at. This is not called the Mall of Felicia. If malls are so great in California, that's nice. You also have terrible traffic and disgusting air and those kids on The Hills. I'm not trying to be mean to people who gave the mall a crappy review but....COME ON. This isn't the Olympics, it's only shopping and you shouldn't be so serious about it. Anyway, the Mall of America has four floors so you are pretty much guaranteed a place "worth" shopping at. The problem is, you can find a lot of those places at other malls. I mean, a mall is a mall, right? It's not like this mall is going to be filled with magical stores that no one has heard of before JUST BECAUSE it's huge. You also aren't going to find those classy ass, way-too-expensive stores that sell crap you can get for cheaper at Target, minus the name brand. The Mall of America is a family kind of thing (the big theme park in the middle is a big hint) and not a place for you to buy your Vuitton luggage.I don't know. I think it's stupid to hate this mall just because it's big. Also, it's even worse to talk shit about it because it's in Minnesota. We aren't all married to our cousins and yes, most of us have full sets of teeth and can recite the alphabet from memory. Oh, and guess what? It's called tourism revenue and us Minnesotans thank you kindly for it.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,4/5/2009,39,332,19,12,12>Every now and then a Yelper comes to this distressed frame of mind where they, as a seasoned Yelper, must review a particular business, service, place, etc. that has cause them grief or pain.  My story collides with many that have come before it because mine deviates from the typical doom and gloom review of "This place ruined my life! I hate it!". To the brighter side of reviews with "What a great place, the staff put a smile on my face."  My story begins on a typical wintery, below zero Minnesota morning in beautiful Uptown.  I woke up a little later than usual and rolled myself out of bed and meandered my way down to my car.  However, when I arrived where I parked my car the previous night it was no longer there.  I stared at the parking spot thinking my car, if I stared hard enough, would magically teleport back to its previous resting place. The second thought I go on to process is maybe my mind is a little foggy and I parked around the corner... Nope.  Then I realize my initial instinct is correct and my car has been towed.  (Que "Dun Dun Duuuh" sound effect) My thought process sharpens, my stomach drops, and I realize my day just started and has already taken a wrong turn.  My automobile, which was clearly parked illegally, has been gingerly picked up and moved to a special lot for all of us wrongful citizens. With this action they help us realize how we have wronged the community and people surrounding us with a little inconvenience and a fine so we can hopefully learn our lesson.  After figuring out how I was going to make it to work, I arrived and immediately got down to the task of figuring out where this magical Impound Lot is located and what it was going to cost me to get my car back.  It was then where I realized the city has a terrific Impound Lot!  They have very flexible hours and, in comparison to other towing companies, very affordable rates.  (M-Sa 8am - 10pm; Su 9am - 5pm and $138 for the ride my car surely enjoyed)When I arrived at the impound lot the staff was great.  I quickly realize these people deal with angry people all day long, day in day out and have every reason to be grumpy, crotchety, annoyed etc. but the lady I dealt with was fantastic.  She had a smile on her face and seemed to love what she did.  She was very helpful in making sure I understood why I was towed, the process to get my car back, the documentation I needed and she even had time to slide in a joke about offering me a frequent tow card since my towing last fall. Then you wait for a white van to come pick you up to drive you into the lot where they have hundreds of other cars all waiting patiently for their wrong-doing owners.  The friendly van driver drove me through this artic tundra of a evil citizen parking lot to my awaiting car and I was able to drive it home.All in all this could have been horrible and I tried my best to make it an awful situation and it just wasn't. Yes, it was a terrible waste of $$ and my time but it was my fault and it will hopefully teach me to read parking meters in the future.  But if I don't it would be nice to stop in and say hi to whom I consider my new friend, Gina the Impound Lot lady.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,4/4/2009,16,22,5,8,7>I love that Barrio is offering me a choice of tequila drinks other than margs or shots. Don't we all really just want to drink tequila after work anyway?? Now I don't have to feel like an alcoholic to do it...sneaky.I'm big on service and Barrio did not disappoint. Our server was genuinely tolerable and attentive.  Staff was also laid back...out on the patio, a group next to us was basically building a fortress with leftover tables and chairs to accommodate their growing group...I just pictured other Nicollet Mall bar patios having hissy-fits when you rearrange their tables...but Barrio staff cooly let it happen.  For about $20, I had a light but delicious plate of  mahi-mahi tacos and 2 tequila beverages. In light of the other happy hour non-deals at Brits and the Local, I found $20 to be a fine value for the differentiation and service Barrio provided.My friends and I were enamored with the fact that the footrests on the high top chairs had sandpaper inconspicuously wrapped around them so that our feet wouldn't going flying off the otherwise round and wooden supports.  I love being looked after like that.....especially when I'm drinking tequila.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,4/3/2009,236,46,3,9,5>Being a California native, home to an abundance of Asian cuisine, I assume the position of an authentic Asian food aficionado. So when I moved to Minnesota the last thing on my mind was decent Asian food. In fact, THE first thought that came to mind when I thought of Minnesota was: the Snow. Never in my wildest dreams would I imagine a decent Asian restaurant in Minnesota, but I was pleasantly surprised.Offering many of the traditional Japanese dishes you would find in Japan, Obento-Ya is the place to go for Japanese food in Minneapolis, MN. The ambiance of Obento-Ya leaves you feeling more like a patron of an art exhibit, rather than a customer of a Japanese restaurant. But don't let the modernity fool you. You won't have to pay first class prices for world class food. A reasonably priced menu ensures that not only will your appetite be satisfied, your wallet won't feel the burn either. And believe you me, the Japanese restaurants in or around the Twin Cities are WAY overpriced.The food that I ordered were my usual goto items: the Unagi Roll ($4.95), Rainbow roll ($10.95) and a Kushi-Katsu Bento ($6.95) dinner meal. The Unagi roll (a type of sushi topped with teriyaki eel) was exquisite. One problem that Japanese restaurants have with Unagi is that the meat of the fish is sometimes overcooked, flaky or still has that fish smell to it. But what I got was perfect. Same thing can be said for the Rainbow roll. When my Kushi-Katsu arrived (katsu meaning cutlet) that too was delicious. And with a bento meal, you get the sides: salad, rice, potato salad (an American invention), and some pickled vegetables; all nestled in a traditional bento tray. All in all, the portions were great and the food was delicious. And for the price, you can't go wrong.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2009,4/2/2009,271,845,2,5,5>I like that Herkimer's brews its own beer, though I wasn't that impressed with the draft that I had. But it's gutsy to brew your own beer and I don't think any other place in the greater Uptown area does that, so I must give them credit for it.The atmosphere was okay when I went. It felt like a friendly, familiar, comfortable place and didn't seem pretentious at all.I also had a plate of mini veggie burgers which were made of blackbeans. They were fairly bland and boring, mostly because I couldn't use the main condiment on the side, a chipotle sauce (which is NOT vegan). I did like the sweet potato fries, though.That there aren't many vegan food options at Herkimer is surprising, especially given that moto-i next door (owned by the same guy who started Herkimer) has a ton of vegan stuff. Also, Lyn-Lake is otherwise a bastion of veganism, from the pizzas and desserts of Pizza Luce and Galactic Pizza to the falafel and baklava at Falafel King. Herkimer could really jack up its business if it put a little bit more thought into its food; that said, it's a halfway decent bar with the courage to serve its own brew. That's rare and unusual and deserves recognition.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,4/1/2009,53,38,10,9,8>I contemplated giving four stars for the delay and long wait on my order, however one of the cooks and I shared a good laugh so I'll just stick with 5 stars. Great wings, great pizza, great staff. I'm not sure why people would even bother going to Little Caesars across the street other then the fact that it's closer to the liquor store and you can get some preprocessed garbage in a box for $5. Tony's is worth the extra wait and cost and is loaded with grease, which is good for you, don't let the FDA tell you otherwise as I eat here all the time and am considered underweight. The pizza here is always done just right; not too much sauce, not too much cheese, but just right. Take a date here, the pictures on the wall are a wonderful conversation piece.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,3/31/2009,35,41,11,12,10>Good people watching? Check. Drinks so strong you'll likely still be drunk in the morning after just one? Check. Girls doing coke in the bathroom while a waitress watches? Uhhh, check?This place is skeezy as hell, but a fun bar to visit, nonetheless. I might be the only one, but I HATE the Wondrous Punch. It tastes like lighter fluid & vomit (or as I imagine lighter fluid mixed with vomit would taste). To its credit, though, I'm pretty wimpy when it comes to liquor. The first time I came here, it took me about 2 hours to finish one Punch. It was just.so.strong.I came here last weekend, however, and decided to try the French Lemonade instead. Ohhh, I'm glad I did. It was seriously delicious, even though I'm pretty sure it was almost as strong as the Punch, as after about 1/4 of it, I was feelin' goooooood. So good that after that drink & a small vodka cran at a different bar later in the night, I was still drunk when I woke up in the morning. STILL DRUNK IN THE MORNING, PEOPLE. It's the magic of the Dragon, I guess.People totally only come here to get drunk, as everyone you see is holding a glass of that Wondrous Punch. After I got my French Lemonade, I had several patrons ask me what my drink was, and when I answered, each person then wondered, "Is it as strong as the Punch? Because if it isn't, I'm not getting it!"I would never, ever, EVER eat here (this place is DIRTY!), but I will continue to come for the drinks every now & then--specifically, the scrumptious (and potent) French Lemonade.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,1/30/2012,70,375,2,5,3>Batteries and falafels, what else do you need?I've read so much about this place, I just had to try it.  It's very close to my office, so I got my friend who has a parking spot and we headed out.  We found a parking spot quickly on the side street  and walked in.  The guy working at the counter (Quentin Tarantino lookalike) couldn't have been nicer.  We both had looked at the menu on-line so we knew what we wanted.  Or at least we thought we knew....I got the small Greek salad and the 4 piece falafel.  He thought he was getting a gyro, but instead got the juicy lucy special - half beef, half gyro meat in a burger with something (not sure what was inside)  and fries.  We placed our orders, grabbed our drinks and also placed an order for take out.  We sat down and kept remarking on all the stuff they have there for purchase - everything from gigantic freezies that we had in the 80's to tampons and Triscuits.  Our food came in about 10-12 minutes and we started chowing down.  I loved my Greek salad; it was chock full of olives and feta.  It had a good amount of dressing and was a good size.  My falafels were good - crispy on the outside and soft inside with a good flavor.  Not the best I've had, but either way, I liked them. The sauce was good too - not overpowering or too much.  He loved his burger and I loved the fries that came with it.As we were finishing my to-go order came out.  I think this is a good little addition to the neighborhood.  It's a better choice than some of the sit down places in the vicinity.    This is a place I would go and eat alone with the great counter like table against the window.The food was good, price was right and $27 including a small tip for 3 meals and pop, service was very friendly and quick and the joint was really clean.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,1/29/2012,64,122,2,2,3>This is one of the best kept secrets in the Edina/SLP area...I am almost loathe to share with you my information because...well, damn it, I like my local bakery shop haunt. That being said, I'll get on with it.This place loves the regulars. Loves, loves, loves. To celebrate the new year, they were giving out free coffee for a week. No purchase necessary, to go or to stay, a free cup of freshly brewed coffee. Take that Brueggers and Caribou!Also, they have an ENTIRE RACK OF DAY OLD BREAD FOR $.99. Seriously, french baguettes, thickly sliced sandwich bread, whole grain baguettes. I couldn't resist, so I bought three and froze two for days when I cannot make there early in the morning. Also, they have cupcake birthday parties. No kids of my own, but it's one of those "hey can I borrow your kid for the afternoon because I want to secretly decorate gooey cupakes with heaps of frosting and not feel like a creeper" kind of moments. The cafe is relatively small, but a great place to catch up. The only downfall? The chairs aren't that comfortable....other than that, lovely lovely lovely.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,1/28/2012,30,133,,2,4>I used to LOVE brunch at the old location, so I'm not sure why it took me so long to get to the new one...but I finally did...and I thought it was fab!The space is a little more open and airy than the cozy original, but I'm OK with change.  I was pretty thrilled with my meal -- I ordered the sweet corn crepes with wild mushrooms, which were sweet, but not too sweet (the mushrooms really helped keep it savory). I also ordered their basic side salad to start (which was dressed well) and we also ordered a plate of cheese-stuffed olives to start.  My fiance ordered the walleye po' boy, which was awesome.  I stole more bites than I normally would off of his plate.  We also shared the key lime pie for dessert...and the graham cracker crust was delish.I'm looking forward to going back to try brunch again.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,1/27/2012,25,54,,5,2>I came here with a co-worker for lunch. I grew up eating Middle Eastern food 4+ days a week, so to find a Turkish restaurant in close proximity meant I needed to try it for myself. Needless to say, I went in with high expectations; I wasn't disappointed. From the outside, this place doesn't look like much. It's right down Snelling Avenue but it's easy to miss. And if you did... you'd be missing out! Luckily I had carefully consulted google maps so I spotted the blue awnings and found street parking. This place reminds me of an expanded take-away; you enter and there's a counter where you place orders, behind which lies a modest kitchen. There is a deep fryer, skillet, and vertical roasting spit where you can see the donner kebab spinning. I always think it's a nice touch to see what's going on in the kitchen, and this place makes it a reality. I'd say there are 10 tables, so the venue is relatively small.What really impressed me about this place was the combination of good food, good prices, and great service. The owner made me feel like I was at home, like I'd been invited in for dinner and was being treated like a guest. This is how dining should be! The food was tasty and authentic, even down to the yogurt drink that I was so fond of as a kid. And it's cheap. What more can you ask for? Check this place out.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,1/26/2012,242,106,2,5,2>Did you know that the menu here used to be in the same font that Disney uses in all their work? I think it's called Waltograph. That was back when the Tea House had two menus; one menu for people who like their pork sweet and sour, and the other menu for people who like their pork stomach. It was somewhat disquiting eating here--while you ate your egg fu young, the people next to you chattered in Mandarin and ate a whole fish covered in sauce. All that's changed, except there's still whole fish. The menus have been blended together and the font is less Mickey Mouse. I had the soup buns, the ma po tofu, and Szechuan green beans. Have you ever had soup buns? They're classic dim sum, a pork soup inside a steamed shell. Eating them is a bit of an art, because you have to bite and slurp all in one go. It's vampire practice. The food was very good, full of spice and flavor, and the restaurant is a classy place. Do come sometime for the lunch buffet, and pick up the menu while you're there. And try to try something you've never had before. The pork stomach is very nice.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,1/25/2012,534,142,2,2,4>Huge shoutout to Amy R for taking me out for dinner at this place. We were there just after 5:30pm for dinner and the place slowly started filling up tables. By 6:30, the place was packed with a few people waiting in line. The place is intimate, because of its size and too many tables too close to each other for obvious reasons. The appetizers (Veggie Momos) took a while to get to the table. Honestly, I was happy about it since they were freshly made. The sauce adds taste to momos and the spinach gives the flavor. All in all a good way to start dinner. I ordered the veggie combo meal, which comes with any 2 entrees. Mine were Palak Paneer and Katahar. I can vouch for the Palak Paneer as it is the best I have had in my life. Creamy, tasty and excellently done. The other curry is made with jack fruit and I guess I should have had it a little more spicier. I went with mild which is wjhat it was. May be a medium or medium+ will add great deal of taste to the already tasty curry. The combo meal comes with white rice and a dessert. The kheer could have been much better. I think they need to add more wait staff so they can attend to the customers in a better way. I will try their buffet sometime and update my reviews soon.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,1/24/2012,29,417,,5,4>Checked it out this morning for the first time. At 9:30 on a Sunday the place was packed, and they couldn't get the donuts made fast enough!  This has got to be a good problem to have for a business that's only been open a couple days.  When I got to the front of the line, a super nice gentleman behind the counter offered me a coffee cup with a shotglass-sized taste of fresh roasted coffee. Yum, and a nice touch after waiting for about 15 minutes.The only donuts they had were the powdered sugar, and cinnamon/sugar donut holes.  There were gingersnap/marshmallow cream whoopie pies, and pumpkin cake cookies.  So, not a lot of variety, but something I think will fix itself (hopefully!) as they get a routine going.The donuts were wonderful.  It helped that they were fresh out of the oven.  You can tell they are made with fresh ingredients, and  lot of love.  The donut holes were more cinnamon than sugar, which actually tasted really good.  Powdered sugar donuts had a healthy dusting of sugar on top, and on the warm donut, the sugar just sort of melted into the crust.  I should have gotten a second one.  Coffee was excellent, and bonus points for having coconut milk as an option alongside the half&half and skim.Inside is very warm and inviting, and even when packed with people.  Love the decoration of those chemistry class glass flask things (whatever they're called), filled with colored sugar and sprinkles.  Very cute.Good luck, Donut Cooperative!  Looking forward to trying the rest of your donuts.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,1/23/2012,89,97,7,4,3>Sadly, this is another one of those neighborhood joints that took me far too long to visit.  However, I have been making up for that with weekly visits since last fall.  A couple lovely ladies of Yelp recruited me to play trivia with them on Sunday evenings at the 331 hosted by Trivia Mafia.  Team Ginger Fight! was born.  Since then I've been frequenting the bar weekly.  They have great grub and a fairly impressive beer list.  The only real downside is the place is filled to the gills with hipster douche nozzles.  I'm talking hipster epicenter of the city.  Granola eating, unkempt beard rocking, mismatched clothes wearing hipsters.  If you can get past that you're good. They also have free music most nights of the week and a drinking spelling bee a couple times a month.  Definitely a great bar.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,1/22/2012,114,193,10,9,10>Oh, come on, it's Surdyk's.  Something is wrong if you don't love Surdyk's.You don't drink?  Fine!  Get some fancy cheese and crackers, you teetotalling fool!  You do drink?  Great!  Get some fancy cheese and crackers, you drunken idiot!I'm overwhelmed by the whole place, personally.  I'm not cheese-smart enough to understand what to look for in the cheese shop, and I'm not a wine person, so I can't appreciate the majority of the liquor store.  However -- and it's really sad that I'm impressed by this -- they do offer FIVE brands of rye.  That's more than almost any bar in this city knows exists.  Considering my husband and I seem to be the only market for the stuff, I feel touched by their offering.Usually, however, we're there for beer.  Surdyk's wins at beer, especially if you're looking for special one-offs from New Belgium or Goose Island.  Their selection of Belgians is also vast and fantastic, and they do well to keep up with the latest from locals Surly and Crispin.  I walk in declaring I've got plenty of bottles at home to drink, and yet I always walk out with some new Holy Grail of a beer that I never knew I needed to try.Note: five stars does not encompass that medieval torture device known as the parking lot.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,1/21/2012,223,363,5,12,6>What's better than pizza? Football-shaped pizza, that's what. For a pizza experience, you cannot miss Crescent Moon.This is not your typical American pizza nor is it your upscale, wood-fired pizza.  This is Afghani-style pizza.  The cheese, in amount and quality,  is decent enough, but the sauce and crust are pretty excellent. Also, do not forget the green sauce; this mysterious elixir of whatever greenery blended together is just spicy enough and a great complement to the pizza. You won't abandon your crusts with green sauce around.I've had the Afghani and Spinach Lovers specials, and I highly recommend both. Vegetarians won't feel left out with generous amounts of cooked spinach, hunks of garlic and onions. The onions are just cooked, FYI, not carmelized or anything. The Afghani pizza is evenly layered with well-spiced, crumbled beef, onions.  and green peppers. A large pizza is only $16 and feeds three people, with a few slices to spare.They've also got a chai smoothie that's got a lovely cardamom flavor and is surprisingly light and icy. It's perfect for those hot summer days. Overall, I give Crescent Moon two thumbs up.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,1/19/2014,102,102,5,5,4>Do you know what this place is? It's HONEST! Is the food "authentic Italiano" Not quite. Are there a few misses here and there? Sure, now and then. But these people are so damn sincere about serving good food to good people, that I can overlook a few things. The servers are so friendly and really know the menu, even the seasonal specials. They have all tasted all of the food, and when they recommend something- get it or be sorry!Obviously, sit in the dining room side, not the bar, unless you're meeting friends for a drink. Order off the seasonal or special menu, unless something on the regular menu catches your eye. The ravioli is almost always a good choice. ASK your server what they recommend if you are wavering between two dishes. Have NEVER been steered wrong here. Get a dessert! Especially whatever fruit dessert that is in season. They have an apple crisp sort of thing that comes out so soft, hot, cinnamony and perfect that it makes me want to weep.  They just care about people. I have no better way of saying this. I've never met the owners (I don't think) but they are A-OK in my book. They even have a special on Sunday nights for people in the restaurant/service industry- show your badge/paycheck and get a FREE drink and a special price on spaghetti. They also have a few gluten free options, but I don't mess around with that kind of stuff, so can't tell you if it's any good or not. All I know is, go there, ask what the best thing on special is, and get a dessert.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,1/18/2014,80,75,4,11,9>If retail stores were books, Verdant Tea Bar would be a well-selected anthology. I never get bored reading anthologies and because I don't read chapters in the editor's suggested order, they never seem to stop offering new things. To me, anthologies are these never-ending, exciting collections of relatively short texts written by an author I admire or about a certain subject I like. Verdant Tea Bar is an anthology of sustainable, naturally sourced, local small businesses gathered under one roof so you never feel bored!   The chapter on tea is the longest, most exiting in the Verdant Anthology! Tea may sound boring to non-tea-enthusiasts. But it is really not so! At least at Verdant they've turned tea into a very exciting entertainment. If you are a first timer, I strongly suggest you get the $4 tea flight. You could mix and match 4 different teas from 5 categories: white, green, black, oolong, and pu'er. They offer almost 25 different loose leaf varieties picked from chemical-free farms to mix and match. If my math is correct, this means you have more than 12000 unique flight options! It's too many options, I know. So, if you feel like need help to choose, don't hesitate to ask the knowledgeable staff. Tell them what you like or look for and they help you choose. After you order at the counter, it takes 5-7 minutes before your tray is on your table. Your host gives you oral instructions for brewing your tea and leaves you with a tray. The tray containing 4 test tube steepers with loose leaf tea in them, a thermos of hot water which gets refilled periodically, and a small glass cup is what that keeps you busy for at least an hour. To multiply the fun, go there with a group of good friends. The more people at your table, the more fun you'll have! If you go there alone, you always have the option of sitting at the communal table and make friends over cups of tea! No two teas are alike here. Each of them has its own unique excellent flavor... The tea flight is of course not the only choice you have here. You can have a bottomles cup of hot tea, or get a chilled iced tea as well as micro-brewed chai. They also sell loose leaf tea by ounce to brew at home and also ceramic and glass teawear. But it's not all. This anthology has other chapters to it! Ice cream from Sweet Science Ice Cream of St. Paul is the sweetest chapter. You could choose your $3 4oz cup from almost 10 available flavors. Ice creams made with all-natural, organic, and local ingredients are sold in pints too.They've also partnered with Birchwood cafe and offer some savory and sweet items (again made with mostly local, sustainable and organic ingredients) from the Birchwood's menu. (I believe Birchwood used to use the kitchen at the Verdant's current place after Koyi Sushi Too went out of business.)And finally, the shortest but equally delicious chapter of this anthology  is chocolate bars and truffles in 4-5 different flavors from Real Deal Chocolate of Minneapolis. They also have free wi-fi. So, if you don't plan to go with friends and chat, you may want to go there to work and study. It's a very relaxed, nice, and clean place to work indeed. But there are not many outlets to charge your laptop. Oh... and they don't accept tip!!I really hope this one is here to stay!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/17/2014,77,159,7,13,6>So maybe I can't afford to eat at all of Edina's nicest restaurants, but I can afford to buy all of Edina's fastest revolving closet leftovers! This Arc's location is a gold mine of Banana Republic, Express and Limited clothes that are still at the mall. And four dollars for a twice worn shirt that I can wear to work for years is a pretty awesome value proposition for me. On my first visit I came out with twelve nearly new, name brand items that actually fit me great.This store is really well organized, items are organized first by item type and size then color, so if you are looking for something specific, you should have no trouble at all finding it quickly. This store also has a pretty elaborate shoe section relative to other local thrift shops. Lots of seating and everything is by size so you don't fall in love with a practically free pair of Steve Madden Pumps you couldn't fit your feet into in your dreams.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,1/16/2014,134,345,,9,7>I work in the immediate vicinity of the new Whole Foods, and I was fortunate enough to stop by this morning for the opening ceremony. They handed out reusable shopping bags, had samples of many products, and a DJ was spinning tunes. What a way to start things off!Opening ceremonies aside, the facilities are GORGEOUS. They have wide aisles, high ceilings, and everything is bright and beautiful. Not terribly surprising, considering it is brand new, but nice to see they kicked it up a notch for their new downtown store. Selection of items is great, pricing is totally decent, and their staff was able to handle the crush of people who waited patiently to get inside to make their first purchases. Speaking as an executive assistant, this store is a godsend. Fresh flowers greet you at the door, aisles of colorful beverages and snacks are abundant, and their bakery...oh, my, the bakery. There are several displays of freshly prepared desserts, which will come in handy when I have a last minute meeting the requires breakfast or dessert. No more wandering the skyways downtown to find flowers at one shop, dessert at another, and snacks at yet another. This Whole Foods is a one stop shop where I can get everything I need and be back to the office in no time.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,1/15/2014,108,154,4,7,7>Indeed, it's time to profess my love for you.  I just celebrated your first birthday with you (plus a mariachi band), and was there during the first few weeks of your opening.  You are here to stay (forever) and are a FAVE spot of mine to frequent.  Now onto a couple reasons why you're so great.1. Your taproom is gorgeous and nestled into the best part of NE.  The story around your chairs & tables is amazing, and I love going onto your patio too.2. Those cans and that ARTWORK. Your branding is top notch and so clever.3.  Fun events and food trucks on site.  You're always releasing a few beers, or have special firkins for each event too. 4.  Last but not least your beers are too delicious, and you're always coming up with fun infusions for the world to try.  However, Midnight Ryder stills remains my go to at any size pour.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/14/2014,86,158,3,7,6>My 100th review and I couldn't be happier to write about Tilia.After seeing Sara W.'s seal of approval on this little place, I chose to go here for dinner with my mom. It was love at first sight. I am not exaggerating when I say Tilia is small, and it was bustling with people on the Friday evening when we visited. That being said, we were still able to grab a seat at their bar while we waited for spots at the kitchen bar. Despite their extensive list of local beers, we opted for wine and were seated soon after. Although some people may shy away from sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen, I think it is fun to see all of the action. The kitchen staff were all friendly and answered questions when we asked. We ended up listening to their recommendation to try the seasonal squash soup. It was to die for. My mom and I are huge on sharing, so we split the house salad, shrimp, and fish taco torta. Everything was superb, but the fish taco stole the show. Don't be fooled by the "taco" title - it is a sandwich - but it is delicious. My favorite part was that they gave us two small sandwiches so we didn't have to cut a large one in half (and likely make a mess). Props for making it so easy to share!Tilia, you have charm, awesome eats, and great staff. And not to mention a random Gumby hanging from one of your light fixtures. Definitely adding this to my "Gems of The Mini Apple" list.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/13/2014,23,16,3,7,10>S-tellar dive barA-great place to hangI-n my neck of the woodsN-ever had bad serviceT-he price is rightP-atrons are friendlyA-wesome handmade pizza rolls!U-nbelievable food all aroundL-ots of liquor in every pourS-eat yourselfA-bartender will be right with youL -arge groups can be accommodatedO-utdoor patio seatingO-ne of the best East Side dives aroundN-ot a single negative thing can be said about this joint
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,1/12/2014,159,286,,8,9>I've only had one better Pulled Pork sandwich ever, damn...after this one I wanted a corner to be alone with this lovely thing!  I felt fulfilled, to say the least.I have wanted to go here for years and despite being a bit of a rib / pork snob I have heard so many good things I really have it high on my list.  This turned out to be a work lunch thing.  I told them what I wanted, coughed up some money and all of a sudden this big Styrofoam container was on my desk!  A good comment was when the person dropping it off said "damn, what did you get, it weighs a ton".  I just ordered the large pulled pork sandwich, Memphis style (with slaw on it) with the vinegar based sauce and a side of these cheesy potato things. My only beef was the slaw was on the side but then again since it was being picked up I guess it would have gotten soggy.  Truth is it was so damn good I didn't care about the slaw!Now from a guy that doesn't eat bread this was a hell of a good sacrifice!  The roll was perfect for the sandwich.  I poured the vinegar based sauce on and the roll was strong enough to soak it up without losing its strength.  The meat was perfect, nice smoke flavor, perfect color, great meat flavor and soooo tender!  The sauce was great, nice spice without overpowering the meat.  Everything came together just right and this place could give 30 other places I've had pulled pork sandwiches a class on how to do it right!I will definitely have to venture up to visit myself.  This may become a staple for work lunches going forward.  Any Pig would be proud to be included in this wonderful meal!  Looking forward to visit #2, 3, 4 etc...KT
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,1/11/2014,49,80,7,10,7>WOWZAThis place is amazing. ALL YOU CAN EAT MADE FRESH TO ORDER: sushi, rolls, tempura, fried rice, noodles, etc. for $15.99 at lunch and $24.99 at dinner. The decor is hip and the music is with it. The projection TV on the wall is a bit out of place but you hardly notice it once you start inhaling their delicious food. The staff is friendly and parking is free and easy. Why you would go anywhere else? Why?Highlights:Rainbow RollDynamite RollBroccoli TempuraShrimp TempuraKyoto Sushi = Eat here. Duh.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/10/2014,214,246,3,6,4>Red Curry Bangkok Burrito, oh how I love thee...but in the effort of honest communication, I wish there was a little more of you for $8.50. Your stepsister the O.G. Yum Yum Bowl is good too, but I prefer your fried rice goodness and the nice little tortilla blanket you're wrapped in.Now when it comes to dessert, WSK you sure have the sweet & salty combination down...From your chocolate chip, marshmallow & sea salt cookies to your chocolate, almond & marshmallow topped salted caramel ice cream...you've got it goin' on! Ya know, it's pure genius actually...the food portions are just the size to leave me wanting something more, and voilà I end up with a satisfying dessert in my hand!There are tons of vegan and gluten free options, and a decent (albeit small) selection of beers including Summit Saga and Surly Furious. $3 taps during Happy Hour, which is every day from 3-6pm & 9pm-close. For those of you who are unaware, WSK is a "fast casual" restaurant, so you place your order, take your number, find a seat and wait for your food. Don't be discouraged if you show up and there's a long line to order though--it moves quickly, and the food is up pretty fast.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,11/17/2014,27,61,4,5,5>Pastry addicts UNITE! This is your Midwest mecca. As an enthusiast for all things flaky and carby and gluteny, I love Rustica. Their croissants are flaky. Scones are crumbly and sweet. And their lattes. GOOD GOD, THEIR LATTES...beautiful warm milky cups of heaven. I could write a poem about it.But I won't.So yes. Their pastries and lattes are divine (not to mention their double chocolate chip cookies, which can be used to bribe anyone you want to do anything you want). The only thing I am not head over heels for, is how crowded this place gets. I mean, that's what happens when you make exceptional high-end yummies in a well-to-do suburb. But I find that part kind of a bummer. If you're looking for a place to relax and read and look at the snow fall lazily as you read Thoreau, this spot is it. Just make sure that time is not a weekend morning. I'm telling you. PACKED. Not relaxing. And full of students camping out for houuuuuuuurs. So stop by and grab those treats and a latte, and read that Thoreau at home. Plus if you read it at home, you can eat all 6 of those double chocolate chip cookies in private. Without judgement. EVERYBODY WINS!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,11/16/2014,25,110,4,5,4>This tap room lives up to the hype (and if you haven't heard the hype, you need to get cooler friends...and spend more time on Yelp). Fulton is a relatively small building near the Twins stadium (score for location) with a good sized outdoor patio (score for patio). As of yesterday, there were about 7 or 8 beers on tap. The guys pouring our brews were very helpful and allowed us to taste the beers before committing to a whole pint. There is always a food truck outside and the food truck calendar is on the Fulton website. The beers...oh the beers! They are absolutely delightful and are everything a proud microbrew should be. Each beer was delicious and unique. After drinking two beers, I committed to purchasing a growler, which I proudly brought home to enjoy on the patio with some friends. Drink a brew and you will find yourself quoting Frank the Tank: "Fill it up again! Fill it up again! Once it hits your lips, it's so good!"
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,11/15/2014,82,170,3,3,5>This is a perfect spot to try out in the Midtown Global Market. So far I haven't been disappointed as they claim that all their menu selections are made from scratch. They do a good job of catering to the business crowd nearby too and offer box lunches and a catering menu with several great combo's for serving larger groups. I was impressed with their pizza. We ordered some in over a business lunch and had a  variety to choose from. The crust was crispy and not too thick. My favorite was the Greek pizza topped with artichokes, calamata olives and feta cheese on a olive oil & garlic base. I just couldn't get enough! When I'm just hungry for something light I think their Gorgonzola, pear and walnut salad is one of the best. It's served with a light vinaigrette and the greens and fruit are always fresh. I go with the smaller version ($3.75) which I think is plenty for lunch but if you really have an appetite go with the larger size ($7.25) or compliment it with some of their toasty cheese bread. Their pizza by the slice ($3.75-4.25) is pretty tempting too. Lots of great options at this place.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,11/14/2014,112,831,3,4,5>I am new to town and figured to try this place with a friend.  I made reservations and we came at the right time.  We first got some drinks and appetizers once our bocce ball or lawn-bowling lane was ready.  Then, we played 3-4 games which was alot of fun.  The dining area became pretty busy fast and couldn't get a table after our game.  So, we ended up eating flatbread pizza at the bar.  Pretty good place to hang out although a bit on the pricey side.  Still, if you just come here once in a while, it is worth it.  Being from St. Paul, it is a bit further south near MoA and Edina.  Otherwise, it is a great location being near several shopping malls as well as my friend's favorite "Container Store".
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,11/13/2014,63,341,5,5,6>Asian Deli is way out of my way but after my introduction today I may find myself sneaking over as often as possible before I move out of MN.I got the shrimp pad thai - was asked how hot I wanted it - I opted for hot.  It was HOT, not MN hot but really HOT.  The shrimp were good and the noodles perfectly cooked.  I'm used to a bit more sauce on my pad thai but at this price (under $8) I can't complain.Service was quick and friendly.  When I stepped up to the counter to get a takehome box she asked if the HOT was too hot but I told her I like my food HOT.I saw an order of spring rolls (three to an order) go to another table while I was waiting and they looked huge, fresh and delicious.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,11/12/2014,13,42,3,7,5>I've been anticipating the opening of Tiny Diner for what seems like an eternity. Having a diner style restaurant (that serves alcohol!) within blocks of my house is more than exciting.And guess what?My first visit was great, and I can't even imagine how much better it will be once that patio opens. It will be wonderful.My husband ordered the Turkey Roll, which he liked, though complained about the amount of mustard. After he scraped most of it off and added some of their (amazing) coleslaw to the sandwich (don't tell the chef), he was in heaven.Our super nice waitress suggested the Philly Fries.... The BEST. Homemade cheese wiz will blow your mind.And, because I will always be 10 years old, I had to try the grilled cheese. It's how I judge a place. If your grilled cheese is good, I will generally like your restaurant. But I had Tiny Diner's grown up grilled cheese with smoked Gouda...YUP. Delish. Great drink selection, too. Win win win win win.I can't wait to walk back here and sit on the patio!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,11/11/2014,66,90,8,7,9>Absolutely unparalleled people-watching. This review is for the lounge experience only. I love Mancini's both ironically and unironically at the same time. You just don't see places like this every day. Windowless. Massive 1970s-style bar in the middle. Red-paneled booths. Enormous red chairs. An earnest cover band belting out classic rock and current hits alike. I love it. I love it so much.The drinks are cheap (a really well-made Cosmo is only $5.50. in New York you'd pay $12-$15 for an identical drink). Service is friendly, too. It's always packed. You really have to be crafty to scope out an ideal spot near the dance floor.But the best thing about Mancini's lounge is the people who come here. Octogenarians with mail-order brides. A woman who dances madly continuously throughout the night (by herself), even when the band is taking a break. The guy in a cowboy hat who dances with himself in the mirror. Three-Foot-Radius-Guy, who dances so energetically (high kicks! spins! dropping to the floor!) that he forges a three-foot radius for himself on the dance floor. The wedding parties that are always here, with delightfully toasted members of the bridal party. The love triangles. The wardrobe malfunctions. I'm in my late 20s now, and getting kind of old for (and kind of tired of) the college crowd type Uptown bar scene...Mancini's is SUCH a change of pace. I wish we'd discovered it earlier! And I wish last call wasn't at 12:30. STAY OPEN LATER, MANCINI'S.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,11/10/2014,52,575,4,4,3>I like this place.  It has a great vibe and is a nice addition for folks living in the area.  Lots of great tap brews, and they have live music from time to time.  It is pretty good, not great, to watch the big game if you like a big screen but they do have the games on.  Lots of seating choices; group tables, high tops, bar seating, nooks, etc.  Friendly bartenders.  There is a small lot you can use after the neighboring businesses are closed.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/9/2014,16,49,4,9,7>If you haven't been to Midtown Global Market, you have to go.  If you have family or friends in town, you have to go.  This is the place.  This is the cultural mosaic of the Twin Cities in one building.The best part of this place are the many different food offerings.  The cuisine ranges from East African to Vietnamese to South American to Middle Eastern to American and is almost universally high quality and affordable.  Take your guests here and you can all mill around and choose what you want to eat, meet up in the food court, and sample everyone else's plates.  There's something for everyone, and you'll see many of these restaurants among the highest yelp-rated establishments.There are also many local shops here that are similarly international, and keep your eye out for free events like live music and dance lessons.Tip:  Just park in the ramp, bring in your ticket, buy something and get your ticket validated, and parking is free.  Why would you want to come here without at least buying a coffee or pastry or sambusa anyway?
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,11/8/2014,67,50,1,6,5>I seriously get cravings for the garlic ranch dressing that comes with the house chop salad. It is so creamy and sweet and garlicky and utterly delicious. I probably get take out at least once a week at work. They are fast and prompt with take out orders and have very quickly remedied and issues I had with them accidentally putting bacon on something I didn't want bacon on. This location has great parking options, a large dining area with a lot of windows, and a cozy bar area with a lot of tv's to keep you up on the latest sporting event or news story. The have great beer selections, fun apps and small plates, and scrumptious comfort food. The staff has always been very friendly and professional. I've never had a bad experience. Try the herb stuffed chicken and get the house chop salad with the blue cheese crumbles and the ranch (no bacon of course).    ;-)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/11/2013,50,125,4,4,5>If there is a Lobster Heaven, this is the main gate!So we'll toast to the departed and soon to be, because this new restaurant hits it off the 'over the wall' and off the charts! (The baseball reference applies since it resides a few blocks from the Twin's stadium.) For just being opened for a week, wielding an aggressive and expansive menu, the Smack Shack rocks in every way.To start--if you are an Oyster lover--the selection has some familiar and several new (to this area) varieties to choose from. Prices are better than other restaurants presenting any kind of selection. And, rest assured, that like all offerings on this (Daily) menu, each are at the peak of freshness. We treated ourselves to Lobster (Lobstah if you're out east) and what a treat it was! Upon entry you'll notice two large bar areas, and an open, spacious two story height, with an unpretentious decor. The specially built Lobster storage tank and cooker are behind the greeting station that you'll check in with to claim your reservation. The Lobster temporary living quarters and cooker were specially built for the restaurant, and their massive through-put of these crustaceans. It is impressive as is the choreography of the chefs working the area. Well rehearsed and with impeccable timing of their charges, these folks are artisans of seafood.Service was prompt, professional and thorough without being intrusive. We were attended to by Anna, who has a complete knowledge of the menu, makes helpful suggestions and notices almost everything you may need--before you do. As mentioned, the menu is varied--it includes steak, sandwiches and even something for non-meat eaters. For the adventuresome, there is Lobster Guacamole and Lobster Macaroni. The soups and Lobster rolls were enticing, but insufficient this night for our dinner-treat cravings. Fried green tomato Po-Boy's caught our eye too!I must also mention that the wine list isn't multi-pages, but it does cover all the bases, and the bottle prices [when you consider service and glasses, etc.] are among the least aggressive we have seen, being closer to retail prices than fancier restaurants could achieve.As one old sci-fi TV show offered: "Live Long and Prosper." We hope the Smack Shack is with this city for a long time.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/10/2013,84,128,5,7,4>Oh mama, I had a great meal here last night.Leah G and I popped over around 8pm last night for a cousin date, and I fell instantly in love with the decor/ambiance of this place. It's a perfect mix between cozy, quirky, and sleek. Check out their over-table lights-they are light bulbs underneath standing cheese graters. I'm surprised I didn't whip out my phone and add to my DIY Pintrest board. So cute.We ordered a bottle of bubbly to split, which paired perfectly with our meals. We both got the soup, which has a champagne broth that they bring to the table separately from the bowl. The bowl is filled with powder and crispy fingerling potatoes, and the server pours the broth into the bowl table side, which I loved. Honestly, the soup was orgasmic. Creamy, rich, and so savory. Perfect with our bubbly. I want more.I also got the scallops, which were prepared perfectly. The maitake mushrooms that accompanied were delicious, and the disc of pancetta gave the scallops some needed snap. Excellent. I also tried Leah's octopus-huge fan.The only slight downside was the service, but they were quite friendly, and I can definitely chalk that up to being pretty new.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/9/2013,170,391,6,5,6>What an exciting time for Longfellow. Parka, and Blue Door opening at the same time! Parka is adorable. So adorable I want to pinch it's cheeks.Highlights of cuteness:Decor (Modern, but not cold, warm-y?)Cookies & Milk Dessert, with a "flight of local milks""House Chocolate Milk." (Okay, I really like milk.)Coffee Cups.I can't say much about the food yet, because all I've had is cookies, coffee and tea. And surprise surprise, Rustica is great and Dogwood is delicious. Service was also fantastique.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,3/8/2013,50,97,3,4,3>I'm so excited this place opened by me! I had been watching them getting it ready for awhile, anticipating all the delicious goodies I would hopefully be able to get soon. They did not disappoint! The owner was super friendly and let me go back forth in trying to decide what to get. Ended up with a blueberry cream cheese muffin, which I cannot recommend enough! An orange knot, which was also good, but not my favorite. And sampled the strawberry oatmeal bar, also delicious! The parking "lot" is more than a little strange, lots of street parking available though. I was a little blinded by the sugar goodies so I didn't see a lot in the way of loaves of bread. That'll be the thing to check out next time. And probably another blueberry cream cheese muffin.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/7/2013,109,89,5,8,5>I've heard about Pho for years, and even have a friend from out west who taunts me with posts of photos of his yummy pho adventures.  So, I finally broke down and looked it up and decided Gion was the place to go.So, I took my clan and we set out on our strip mall adventure.  We went on a Friday night around 6:30.  When we walked in the door, it wasn't quite what i was expecting.  The dining area is TINY with very minimal decor, almost having more of a sparse coffee shop feel than a restaurant.  Did I mention it was tiny?  So, if memory serves me correctly, there are six tables.  Yes, six.  With the largest one being a typical ktichenette style farm house table that has a bench on one side instead of chairs that seats six.  Don't let this scare you though, it is cozy...and the food is soooo worth it.Once we settled in, with baby and all, I did all of the ordering based off of the reviews.  There were five of us full grown bodies... I hesitate to use the word 'adults' as other than myself, everyone else was under the age of 22.  Anyway, we are a close bunch and don't mind sharing so I just went ahead and ordered the following:Spring Rolls:  This comes as 2 large, fresh, beautiful rolls.  The rice paper gives way nicely to the yummy goodness inside.  Honestly, I really have no idea what was in those babies other than shrimp...but they is yummy!  The peanut sauce wasn't anything special in my mind, but it wasn't bad either.Egg Rolls:  Again, they come as a pair and were probably the most flaky, golden, glistening egg rolls I have ever seen.  Unfortunately, I don't do gluten so I didn't actually get to sink my teeth into what the others said was probably the best egg rolls they have ever had.  I did however try the sauce they came with and actually preferred that to the peanut sauce that came with the spring rolls.Cream Cheese Wontons:  Who doesn't love these?  If you raise your hand and tell me you don't - you're wrong!  Seriously though, it sucks being gluten free, and I didn't try these either, but these babies came out glistening, golden puffs that yielded themselves to gooey cream cheese goodness.  No one raved about these, but I'm not sure they are the kind of thing one raves about... only complains about when they suck.Shrimp Fried Rice:  No skimping here.  Nice balance of rice, veggies, shrimp, and egg.  Probably some of the best fried rice I'd ever had and one order didn't seem to quite be enough.  What more can I say?Pho:  I ordered a bowl of both the beef and the chicken, not really even knowing what to expect other than broth, noodles, meat, onions, and garnish.  What came out were two massive bowls of the most delightful soup ever.  The portions of meat in the soup were very generous with both the beef and chicken being tender and the garnishes were quite ample as well.  However, I soon as I began to try to eat out of one of the bowls I realized that Pho really isn't a terribly 'sharable' dish, in fact, it may even qualify as a quite intimate eating experience, as there seems to be no real graceful way to eat it other than to lean over and quickly slurp, suck, and bite whatever one can sling into their mouth with a spoon.  As gross of a thought as it seemed, none of us let it stop us from fully enjoying the divine taste sensation that is their Pho.By the time every plate and bowl was bare, all five (six with baby who LOVED slurping rice noodles out of the pho) of us were full as full can be, and well satisfied with our adventure.  I think our bill (without drinks - we all had water) was only like $37.  Add a tip and it is still a great deal.  Oh, and the service was excellent.  Couldn't asked for a more satisfying experience.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,3/6/2013,61,246,27,32,29>We hired Happy Earth Cleaning Service to start cleaning our home bi-weekly about two months ago.  It's been quite a pleasure working with their staff.  Marion and Jen are great and making you feel comfortable and ensuring that you understand that they genuinely want to meet your needs.  I think this is important because their services are so customizable and everyone's expectations are different.  Things may not always be 100% as you feel are perfect but they want to know and want to make you happy.  Simply set forth your expectations and priorities and they'll strive to put a smile on your face.  I am impressed with what they can do given the time provided.  Since you pay by the hour, it's nice to know they are working hard while they are "on the clock".  I come home to a clean house and appreciate all their effort. It shows that they work hard.  Again, everything may not be 100% perfect but they are willing to work hard with time constraint and are eager to understand your priorities.  They make the most of what they are given.  Considering I cant afford to pay them for a ton of time, that's an important characteristic of Happy Earth Cleaning Service.  I do not have any other experience with cleaning services but I expect that this incredible willingness to make a cleaning schedule for us work on our budget  that also largely meets our needs is not to be taken for granted.I really love that they use eco-friendly products.  I'm allergic to perfumes and sensitive to chemical exposure so this is a big plus for me.If you are looking for someone to trust in your home, with your pets and belongings - this is one great company to consider.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,3/5/2013,534,142,2,8,4>The food at this restaurant is exceptionally good. Parking could be tricky but not too bad, You would be surprised when you walk inside of this restaurant because it doesn't look that big from the outside. The decor is beautiful as is the case with most Thai restaurants. I had a table reserved for 10 by phone 2 hours before our dinner time. We got seated at a large, comfortable table right away when we all got there. Our water was brought right after along with drink and food menus. Cream cheese wontons are the best I have had in St. Paul. Crispy and perfect cheese melt inside. I had the Holy basil fried rice which was very delicious and flavorful. Be mindful of the spice level. Some of the people in my group ordered their curries and food with 5 or 6 on 10 spice level and they could barely finish their dinner. I guess it's not your typical American spice scale at Supatra. The portions are large and therefore the foods are priced right. This is my new favorite Thai restaurant in Twin Cities.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,3/4/2013,16,110,8,7,4>I can't call myself a taco connoisseur but I do know delicious when it hits my mouth and every bite of taco at Los Paisanos has been worth savoring. A lot of mexican places I go to are too bland for my tastes but they know how to smack some flavor into their meats here. I'm just starting to adventure into trying more exotic meats and this was the first time I tried my top two below. Cabeza (beef head) - probably my favorite, not chewy like I expected, tender, salty and spicy, worth trying I swear.Lengua (Beef tounge) - also amazing and I was even more surprised at how tender they made tongue, really, really good.Al Pastor (pork) - Really smoky/earthy chili spice that I can't get enough of. Usually always order at least one of these guys.Carnitas (pork) - Really moist and savory, perfectly roasted.I still have to try the Tripa (tripe) and the chorizo. They also have carne asada but I prefer the other meats to that one. You really can't go wrong with any of them though.The place is clean and the people are friendly the only downside is it's locale. The last time I went here to introduce the place to my wife some cracked out lady nearly threw herself onto our car all zombie like(We've been watching the walking dead lately). It freaked my wife out enough to where she ordered I squeal out of the parking lot but no zombie lady will keep me away from these tasty tacos. I will be back, baseball bat in hand.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,3/3/2013,264,422,2,3,5>Whether it's here or the one on Hennepin/Franklin, S. Joe's is still the best ice cream in MN for me. I  love the outdoor seating, except for the occasional roar of an airplane overhead. It was wonderful coming here on a Saturday night after watching a free concert at the bandshell, and hobnobbing with the rest of the lovely strollers and neighbors as we waited patiently in line for our ice cream. As always, I dug the flavors they have. I've actually never had their oreo ice cream, because every time I'm about to order it I always find some new, limited time flavors, like the amazing coconut cream pie that had real bits of crust, or the bailey's which tasted very much like the mix. Ice cream on a warm summer night after getting my cultural experience on; what could be more fun?
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,3/2/2013,29,48,3,4,4>First of all I need to admit I have a bit of an obsession with Green Chile, and Hatch Green Chile is the only way to go.  Being spoiled in Colorado for so long, I was a bit concerned I wasn't going to find a smothered breakfast when I moved to Minnesota.  Well I have officially  found my go to breakfast joint.  I've been here twice now and the service is fantastic and did i mention they have Hatch Green Chile?My first trip I had the Huevps Rancheros with pork carnitas smothered in Green Chile!  YUM.  Today I opted for the Emily Omelette smothered in green chile....amazing!  My husband got the Fat Nats Slider, it was a ham, egg and cheese sammy on top of hash browns all smothered in hollandaise sauce, it was highly recommended by our waitress, unfortunately he didn't love it.  Maybe it was due to his lack of enthusiasm for hollandaise.  Overall the staff here is amazing, they didn't even mind us getting there close to closing time and I can't get over the green chile.....obsessed might be the best way to describe it.  I will definitely be back!  I can't imagine any other way to start my Saturday!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/21/2013,27,103,2,4,2>This is my favorite place to get my chaturanga on!  The hot vinyasa yoga classes are very unconventional, different every time, hot, rockin' and fun!!  They really get you into your body so you can forget all that other crap that is going on in your life.  Contrary what other reviewers have stated you do NOT need to be a LIFETIME FITNESS MEMBER to do yoga at this location!  This studio offers packages just like other yoga studios.  Inquire and you will be pleasantly surprised.  I believe your first class is even FREE.The space here is beautiful, tranquil and state of the art!  Get a little steam room action while you're there.  Make it a spa day every day!This studio goes above and beyond and validates 2 hours of your parking in the Mosaic Arts lot.  (obviously you must take a class to take advantage of this perk)
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/20/2013,52,134,4,5,5>Last year we were "thrilled" to find out our 10 year old wanted to play the saxaphone in the school band. We stopped into Cadenza and had the best experience. We rented an alto sax and the nicest guy ever explained what my son would need. When you rent an instrument for the school year, you pay in full up front. The guy made it clear that you won't pay a penalty if it's past the May deadline because schools have end of the year concerts etc. Near the end of the year we got a card in the mail telling us if we paid for next years rental we could keep the instrument over the summer for free. We did that. Also, a rental includes a yearly "tune up".  While the sax was in the shop, our son announced he needed it TODAY for school. Of course. I called the store and talked to the woman who was repairing it. "Oh I'm working on it now, I could have it for you in 20 mins." Perfect
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/19/2013,949,964,8,9,9>I've finally been where EVERY man has been. I've seen their baked goods sold all over the TC. I sure as hell wish they had bakeries all over the city. First as a coffee shop it's the best layout I've seen. If B&N next door folds up, I hope they take over that spot as well. It's loud, yet not bothersome. You can still focus on your private business. I had great service. I was approached right away by a few people. I noticed the chocolate tarts with raspberries. It tasted like a chocolate mousse, OMG. I noticed a 6 pack of CCC. They must use whole wheat  flour because they are dark. Totally uniform thin, flat cookies, and on the record they are the best I ever had. I bought a bread, not sure what. The lighting is great in here for reading, but you have to sit in the right places. My least favorite thing is the hot chocolate, only that it's so pure, not a lot of sweetness. I love the Rustica mug it's in and would get it just for that.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,4/18/2013,50,117,5,6,2>I really enjoy this orchard, mostly because of the beautiful location: it is RIGHT on the shores of a lovely little lake, surrounded by big trees that are always in a state of glorious reds, oranges, and yellows around apple season.Now keep in mind: I do not have children, nor am I the corn maze/wagon ride type of person. When I go to an apple orchard, I want a donut and a cup of cold cider, and then I want to take my bag of apples and my jug of cider and get out of there.It's true that the lines can sometimes be a bit ponderous, but we lucked out yesterday. I think we hit the sweet spot around lunch time, when most orchard-going people (and their hordes of children) were at the local Applebee's eating a generic burger with a side of tasteless fries. We barely had to wait in line at all, either for our donuts or in the retail section.It does tend to get a little crowded, but it's nowhere near as bad as Aamodt's or some of the other local fall hotspots. And it sure is nice to enjoy your cold cider and donut with that gorgeous lake view.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,4/17/2013,49,114,3,10,7>Great experience, great cheap date or family activity!This place is surprisingly huge and full of life.There are 3 basic areas: 1. food court, 2. 100 stalls of Hmong clothing, music DVDs, and various nick-knacks, 3. a farmer's market kind of area with some vegetables and some strange roots and powders as well (traditional medicine?) The main attraction, besides people-watching, is probably the food court, which is a very long hallway with about 20-25 food stalls on one side and tables on the other. There is some diversity of offerings, nothing over $10 and you can easily get very full for less than $10. In fact, the best thing we had was also the cheapest, some kind of giant dumpling that was enormous and $3 or less (I don't remember exactly). And I mean really huge, like a softball, maybe even a kickball. It could have been an entire meal easily.There are also many exotic juices and boba teas.It basically feels like you are walking around an actual Hmong village, if it had been transported to a climate-controlled warehouse in suburban St. Paul. Go!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,4/16/2013,40,94,,5,3>For the first time since I moved back from NYC, I actually felt like I was back in Williamsburg Brooklyn. Double take. Hipsters and tiny hipster humans at every turn.But where hipsters are, there are probably really good food standards.And that's Birchwood. Anyone eating here can tell those who work in the kitchen take great pride in the food they serve and present.I'm a sucker for their brunch and I'm thinking it's become my favorite place in the TC to spend my Sunday morning. That said- be mindful of the time you go- it's always packed.I'm in love with their yogurt with seasonal fruit and homemade granola- and don't think twice about having to go to Minneapolis for it. Their turkey burgers, savory waffles and baked goods are also to absolutely die for.Yes for a non-greasy, awesome, affordable brunch.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/15/2013,17,62,3,6,4>After driving past this restaurant everyday on University Ave for about 10 months, I decided it was time to go inside and sit down to a dinner. I took my husband here on a Friday night for their Prime Rib Dinner that I had heard a rumor about. It's not very well advertised at all, in fact; I had to call them to make sure they still had this special on a Friday and Saturday night. They do indeed! A 14oz slab of beef, baked potato and a side salad with a warm dinner roll. Everything was delicious. You can get your prime rib with mushrooms or onions for a dollar extra, and it comes with a side of horseradish sauce. All this for $20 a plate.Now you haven't seen a person eat until you have seen a pregnant lady eat. I put that prime rib away. Potato too. And we even started out with an order of their giant onion rings and grainy honey mustard sauce. Sadly I couldn't partake in their happy hour, but it looked pretty good. I would definitely come here again for the prime rib, but also to try other menu items. I'm so glad this place is only a few miles away from me! A very nice restaurant in Columbia Heights.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,4/14/2013,155,43,7,12,10>My wife(Alyssa R) & I enjoy the All-You-Can-Eat Friday Night Fish Fry. As I was talking about what place we should enjoy this evening, I thought it might be a good idea to start reviewing our Fish Fry experiences. The Glockenspiel gets the honor of being the first of many for us to review.Alyssa R & I have been here, over the years, a half dozen times. Half of those were for the Fish Fry. As you pull up, it comes across as a little hole in the wall. Just white individual letters spelling out, GLOCKENSPIEL. Because we came in the winter, as you walk in the door, you're greeted by a hefty curtain a couple of feet in. This is to keep all the cold air out. As you pull back the curtain, you enter into the bar, and soon realize it's not as small as maybe you thought it might be by the look outside. Tall, high, painted, tin ceilings. Painted murals of German folklore on the walls. Plus, plenty of beer steins all around. It gave me the feeling of German beer hall meets quaint German countryside restaurant. But the all around feeling was, German.We chose a high top table in the bar area, next to a couple of gentleman enjoying a delicious spread of deli meats & cheeses. Our eyes look at each other, wondering if we might get this as an appetizer. Within a minute, our server, Genevieve, came by to greet us, and drop off some menus. She said she would be right back to ask what we wanted to drink. We looked into the drink menu, and found it to be seasonal, with plenty of winter warmers to be had. Having been here before, I knew coming in what I wanted to drink. A nice German beer, Gosser Dark. Alyssa R went with the warm mulled spiced wine. When the drinks were delivered, Genevieve asked if we knew what we wanted. Well, for me, it's easy. I came here for the Fish Fry. Alyssa R on the other hand had different ideas once she started looking into the menu. She said she needed a couple more minutes. She was looking at all the different Wursts they have. She wondered if they had a sample plate to try them all. When Genevieve came back, we asked her this. She said that they offer a Tuesday Night special of all the Wursts on one plate, but would be happy to ring one up, if she would like. Sold! We decided against the appetizer due to the price. 15-19 bucks for the platters of meats & cheeses. Looked great, but maybe another time.As we wait and talk, an accordion player started strolling the restaurant, playing recognizable tunes that make you want to tap your toe too. He was adorned in very traditional German clothing. He didn't play loud. Just the right volume. The food came out in 10 minutes or so. We were enjoying ourselves, that we didn't take notice to the length of time it took. First glance. Glad I ordered this. Four pieces of battered & deep fried cod, skinny french fries, plastic ramekin of coleslaw, plastic ramekin of tartar sauce. Slight sprinkle of parsley flakes on the fries & fish. Very traditional fish fry. Now Alyssa R's meal. Wow. What a plate. Four over-sized encased links of meat, on top of a bed of sauerkraut, next to a heap of warm German potato salad. We both got a side of dinner rolls to enjoy, as well. The flavor was spot on. We both enjoyed our meals immensely. The fish was deep fried perfectly. Enough so, that you could hold the piece in your hand, and dip into the tartar, without the fish crumbling to flaky bits. The fries were just right. Crispy and seasoned. Coleslaw was fresh and tasty. It wasn't swimming in dressing.  I got a reorder of fish & fries. One thing I like. An AYCE Fish Fry that allows the option of reorders on all things. Not just fish. Alyssa R's meal was fantastic. All four of the Wursts were cooked perfect. Just the right snap to them. The meal came with two different house made mustard's to dip the meat into. Sauerkraut was texturally sound. Limpish on the fork. Crunch in the mouth. Flavor, right on. I can't comment, myself, on the German potato salad. The wife didn't give any of that up. Must have been good? Looking at it, I'd say yeah. Chunks of bacon, next to slices of potato. No take home boxes for us tonight. While the portions were large, our hunger demolished the entrees, and we left nothing but fond memories of our meals inside of us. Belly rubbing good memories. The bill for us was, after tax, just over 42 bucks. Average. The dinners were 15 bucks a piece. 15 bucks for an AYCE fish fry is on the high end. I didn't feel ripped off, though. The quality of the food, the service, and the all around experience, made me feel I was getting it at just the right price.The Glockenspiel is a place Alyssa R & I enjoyed. We will return for a future visit. Next time, for that platter of deli meats & cheeses. Wow. Did that look good.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/13/2013,36,18,3,18,8>Best Korean restaurant in Minnesota. Being that it boasts the largest menu of Korean food in the Twin Cities, one could initially suspect that perhaps only a handful of the dishes might be executed well. I will be the first to attest that, from my countless experiences here, the latter could not be a more inaccurate assumption. There's nothing I've tried here that I've disliked. Not only is the quantity impressive, (portions are such that you will never leave with anything less than a distended stomach indicating the most desirable end result of having had a greatly substantial and satisfying meal) but the quality of the food is a big contributing factor of what helps deliver such great authenticity. The flavors and textures, which contrast perfectly, are almost always on point. If they are not, specify your preferred taste and they will gladly cater to it. Some faves/must-try's, to name only a FEW...Spicy wings- even though they're not actually spicy, they just taste awesome.Dolsot Bibimbap- hot stone rice bowl with meat and veggies (Comes out sizzling so that everyone will look at you with interest and envy when it comes to your table) Kalbi- Korean BBQ short ribs (Don't feel bad if you finish the entire plate yourself. It would be more work to try to NOT finish it)Bulgogi- thinly sliced beef marinated and then barbecued/grilled. (This can oftentimes be a good introductory option for many Korean food newbies who are unfamiliar with Korean cuisine and may be unsure of what to order).Side dishes or "panchan" (if you are wondering what the several small dishes encroaching on your table space are doing there) are customary to serve at Korean meals. They consist of cold, pickled/marinated veggies such as radish, bean sprout, potato, cabbage, and of course kimchi. You will earn the respect of all the Korean staff at Hoban if you are open enough to indulge in the crunchy, spicy goodness that is kimchi. The panchan/side dishes may be mistaken or misinterpreted by some to be appetizers but actually serve as more of an array of accompaniments that help to incorporate a contrast between hot/cold temperature, spicy/sweet/sour flavors, crunchy/soft textures into your meal. It doesn't hurt that people tend to enjoy being allowed the opportunity of trying a little of a lot of different things rather than simply eating a large portion of only one thing. What other nationality's cuisine supplies you with such a variety of side dishes for free with every meal?! If someone wanted to try Korean for the first time, I would direct them here. If someone knew good Korean food and wanted to know where to get some, I'd tell them to come here. In either instance, Hoban will not disappoint.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,4/12/2013,11,16,3,8,5>Another beautiful little gem in Southwest Minneapolis. I went in on their third night of service. I remember reading about Hector Ruiz (of El Meson/Café Ena) considering a tapas-style restaurant as his next venture and when I read that the prices for these small plates would be generally between $5.00 - $10.00 for a few bites, I thought that it might not be a good value. That in mind, I went in with relatively low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised to find that these exquisite little plates are absolutely worth the price. My dinner partner and I are fairly light eaters and we ordered three items to share:  1. Queso Frito (two triangles of fried manchego cheese served with a apple-fennel slaw, drizzled with sherry glaze, topped with micro greens. $6). This was our absolute favorite. Crispy crust on the outside, nutty/creamy/cheesy deliciousness on the inside. The apple-fennel slaw and greens gave it more crunch and another layer of flavor and the sweetness of the sherry glaze tied it all together. Even the plate was a beautiful little work of art.  2. Canolli (three canolli filled with fresh lobster, crab, parsley, ricotta mascarpone cheese served over a truffle-almond sauce. $9). This came in a close second. Think of a lobster/crab mousse inside of a perfectly al dente pasta tube served over a buttery, nutty, earthy sauce. Perfectly balanced and absolutely delicious. I wanted to lick the plate. 3. Albondigas (four Spanish style meatballs served in a saffron-tomato broth garnished with grilled bread. $5). This was the least exciting item we ordered. I felt that the meatballs had kind of a strong (gamey?) flavor and that the sauce was a little bland, although the bread was delicious. My problem with meatballs is that I compare them all to Broders, so my standards are pretty high. We were compelled to order a dessert to share because they all looked so delicious and for a change we actually had room in our stomachs. We got the chocolate pot de crème (chocolate custard $6). It was a good size and certainly enough for the two of us with three perfect blackberries on top. Texturally it was in-between a firm mousse and pudding. The flavor was chocolaty, rich and satisfying, especially when balanced with coffee, freshly made and without a trace of bitterness. Our bill came to about $40 with tip. Perfectly reasonable for a special dinner.The service was excellent - attentive and helpful but never overbearing. The space is small, so I recommend going at off times if you don't want to wait. This is a great place to go when you want a high quality special dinner and like to share. I can't wait to go back and try all the other dishes!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,5/7/2011,21,57,3,4,3>My husband makes fun of me for constantly saying "its the simple things in life..." but its true that the simple things are the best and Acme Deli is one of those things. The ingredients are fresh, the breads are delish and you build your own sammy so if you don't like what you end up with its your own fault. I find the service to be friendly and the music to be good. I usually take my sandwich to go as there are only a few small tables. I also order the "half-sandwich" which ends up being way more than a half, and with all the goodies I choose there its more than enough to fill me up for lunch. I love Acme.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,5/6/2011,27,37,4,13,4>For lack of a better word, Hazel's is comfortable, in the best way possible. I'm picky about breakfast places, and my Saturday morning experience at Hazel's was nothing but pleasant.The coffee was strong and locally made, the lighting was warm and a lovely mosaic of the Grain Belt logo (that I had to restrain myself from stealing) graced our booth. The crowd was a mix of young people and cute families with, much to my delight, chubby babies with taped-on bows in their "hair". I had the Mission Omelette, accompanied by toast and potatoes, and everything was delicious. My friends were equally pleased with their orders, as evidenced by our complete silence for the first five minutes after we got our food. At the end of our meal, the host came up to our table and earnestly said "I just really want to thank you for being here."My pleasure, Hazel's.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,5/5/2011,80,75,2,4,3>It has happened several times that I felt ashamed of being a meat lover. At many restaurants, I simply envy vegetarians who could with no hesitation order relatively healthy food out of the menu. However, Brasa is one of the few restaurants where I feel proud of my meat preference and feel sorry for my vegetarian friends who can't eat meat. So let it be the first moral of this review: although the vegetable sides are super delicious, if you're a vegetarian you won't enjoy Brasa as much as meat-eaters do.I think Brasa's chef (Alex Roberts) inherited a detailed instruction for the art of braising and rotisserie roasting written by an old, sage Minnesotan farmer. I also believe he has burned it as soon as he mastered the art of slow cooking so nobody else could cook meat like he does. I thought for hours and hours and was finally convinced that nothing else could explain the unique taste of their yummy food. Brasa's food is peerless and you couldn't find any food comparable to it anywhere else. So let it be the second moral: like any other unique things in the world, try it as many times as you could. If you miss it, nothing else can take its place.The fact that it's a converted gas station is a part of the restaurant's history. But I don't know why people overread it (why don't they instead give credit to its beautifully designed logo?) I tried hard to understand why it's interesting for customers that the restaurant's location used to be a gas station. Maybe if it was a converted public bath or a brothel, it would sound captivating to me. But seriously, what's interesting about a gas station? So, let it be the third moral: don't try to justify it. It has nothing to do with the building's past function as a gas station. But for whatever reason, it has a cool feeling. If the ambiance is important to you, you should try Brasa. What's the rational conclusion I can offer based on my three morals? I'll tell you: since the food  is organic, sustainably produced and healthy (moral#1's implication) and with no doubt peerless (moral#2) and since there is nothing exciting about an ex-gas station (moral#3's implication), why don't you think of Brasa as your regular take-out restaurant? Since the food is mostly prepared in advance, they're fast. Moreover, their healthy food is affordable. What else do you expect from a take-out restaurant?
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,5/4/2011,36,92,2,3,3>When I first moved to the cities, I was mortified by the idea of fish tacos. Coming from the cornfields of southern MN, I thought that fish tacos were something contestants on Fear Factor would eat.But, this place made me a convert.  After taking my first bite, it all made perfect sense.Some reviews mention that there isn't always someone tending the shop, and this is true.  Just stroll around for awhile and come back.  It's worth the wait and there are plenty of things to look at in the market.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,5/3/2011,63,127,7,5,4>Never have I seen so many empty bottles of Nesquick chocolate milk in the trashcan as I have at Cossetta's!  And thank goodness that I'm not the only childish adult that still drinks chocolate milk with my pasta... or any meal at that.I'm a pretty social being, but I was so nervous about my first visit to Cossetta's.  I was just like a little kid who needed mom's hand (or a friend who's been there before) to lead me through the process and even how to pronounce "mostaccioli."  I shyly pointed to the delicious dish filled with pasta, red sauce, and ricotta cheese.  Note, you pay before you eat.Along with the mostaccioli, I couldn't resist chocolate milk (YUM!) and a shared tiramisu dessert.My hands trembled walking up those stairs to the dining area.  And every step up, I got more and more nervous - what if I spill my tray?  What if I lose my milk?  What if I slip and fall?  All questions a five year old would ponder and be aware of.And at the end of dinner, I was full and as giddy as a five year old. The pasta?  Good!  The chocolate milk?  Good.  The dessert?  Good!... and a definite must have!Here's another note - don't be an idiot like me.  When you pull in to the lot to park, stop at the attendant first.  He'll give you a ticket for your window.  Yeah... don't do what I did - just drove in to the lot and parked.  I felt like a child getting chased down....
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/2/2011,108,154,5,7,6>If you were to ask me my top five at this moment, top five being my fave restaurants in the city, Northeast Social would rate high.  Seriously high indeed, as I just love this place.A) The quaint space & contemporary paintings, really made me feel as though I was transported to a back street in Paris.  As they say, they want you to feel "inspired by their love for travel" and I must say I was.  Next time I come, can I order in French? J'espere oui.  .  B)  Yummy food & divine service!  The array of delicious items (priced well too) kept me wanting to camp out outside after lunch and wait for dinner.  Seriously that market fish & risotto number made me swoon.C) I'm surprised I haven't been back AND quite diasppointed in myself for not going again during Restaurant week for dinner.  When spring break hits, I will be a coming NE, be prepared with another glorious special for yours truly.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,5/1/2011,70,77,3,3,3>I love these cupcakes! If I'm anywhere in the neighborhood my car automatically veers in the direction of this bakery.My favorite is the peanut butter cup (available everyday). There are a couple dozen flavors offered different days of the week and they have a flavor of the week. They offer cupcake minis, which I prefer, this way you can taste a couple without feeling like a complete glutton. And later in the day they do buy one get one free. There are a couple tables to stand and eat your goodies but I prefer people not to see my shame while shoving several cupcakes down my throat. Macarons are also available (brownies and blondies, as well-pre-order only) though I've never tried as my eyes skip over them completely and go directly to the cupcakes.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,4/30/2011,36,83,,1,>I absolutely love Al's Breakfst, it's one of the best breakfast joints I've ever been to!! The problem is it's size, It's a basically a large walk in closet that happens to have the most amazing fair priced breakfast of all time. Every time that I've gone I've had to wait outside for a seat to open because they just don't have the space to support people waiting inside. But the moral of the story is Al's is awesome, but prepare to wait a few to get in. 5 stars even though it's small and you have to wait, that's how delicious it is!!!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,4/29/2011,147,345,3,3,3>Why don't we come here more often?!?! The food is SO GOOD! We stopped in here for the first time in years yesterday for lunch. My husband got the Platillo Acapulco and I got the Plazero Bistek. The shrimp on my husbands was hard to keep my hands off of. My steak was tender and flavorful. The smell was so good that some ladies next to us who had already eaten their meal commented on how delicious our food looked and smelled. You know a place is good when you can finish a meal and covet another tables selection. Another couple walked by on the way to their table and said "WOW - Those look REALLY good!" The quantity of food was massive. I could not eat all my steak and sadly had to leave a rather size able amount behind. My belly just couldn't handle anymore. The service was very fast and we were checked on often without feeling intruded upon. Seriously - Why aren't we living here?!?!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,4/28/2011,949,964,2,5,4>I love this hood, and I think it's my favorite restaurant in it. Sure I'll eat atmosphere, but I believe the food lives up to it. I got super good service. On this trip it was a rainy Saturday and thought soup made sense. Not feeling especially adventurous I got the wonton. A good size bowl of about 5 dumplings, that seemed homemade because they were so light, and the filling was delish too. But the broth made this the best I ever had, it was so delicate, not the salty kind that goes straight to my ankles. The chicken wings on the other hand... There was so much meat on them I asked for a knife and fork, also because they were in a very sticky sauce, that on first appearance didn't seem like enough, but once you start chowing down on them, it is. This place is gonna hit a lot of my lists, I rate it so highly. I have had the sushi before, forget which, but I'm gonna try most of them anyway. It was delicious whatever it was, and a good portion for me. Only beef is the music, they were playing jazz and Sinatra, but in the bathroom was some beautiful piped in Japanese music. Please bring it to the dining room, to add to the ambiance. It's romantic, yet a group would have a blast here, like a group of yelpers.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,11/27/2014,68,56,11,8,9>Ecopolitan (n.): a place where crunchies and hippies get their raw eats on.  Walking into Ecopolitan is a little bit like walking into a joint where you would get a tarot card reading or where you would pick up medical marijuana.  Don't let that throw you off, though, you will leave feeling like Lord Shiva personally purified your innards.  Everything tastes super healthy (and is super healthy)... in a good way - not in a "is this what a starved rabbit eats?" sort of way.  Seriously, very tasty shit.  Everything is fresh, gluten free, vegan, blah blah.  Pretty much, if you have some type of dietary restriction, you're safe here.  I had the taco salad... probably the only time I will ever eat a taco salad without feeling like I just swallowed 5 pounds of lead laced with extra strength laxatives.  It was refreshing and delicious.  Sampler appetizer was yum and the smoothies deserve a try. On the real, though, this place is good.  Get your herbivore, dairy(free)-air to the Ecopolitan - you'll earn some (black-bean, gluten free) brownie points with your righteous, phytophagous friends.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,11/26/2014,75,147,6,14,7>Just as weird and interesting as everyone says it is. Upscale food in a rowdy but trendy environment. There aren't too many restaurants that could pull off a "you'll eat what we serve you" attitude and be thanked for it. I happen to love a good food adventure so I was all in. No menu, no clue what we were in for. Love it. They served us more than 20 items over the course of 2 hours and by the end I was extremely full, despite the small size of each item. There were some fantastic food presentations and more than a little fun mixed in. Stick out your hand so we can plate this dish on the back of it. Um, okay. :-) While not every dish was something I'd order if I had the choice, I did enjoy all of them. As they were serving the meals they quickly rattled off a description and I furiously typed notes to try and keep track. Did my best to document them in the pictures I uploaded. Overall Travail is a fun and delicious experience that you can enjoy for a very reasonable price. Be prepared to: 1) wait in line before they open to ensure you'll get a seat, 2) sit at a communal table with strangers, 3) shout above the loud music. All part of the entertainment.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,11/25/2014,7,35,2,9,4>I just ate here for the first time, and I was very impressed. The space is nicely done, and I like the decorative choices (we sat next to a couple of little devils standing against the wall). The menu is described as "nouveau Mexican," and I think that is a perfect description. We gave our server a broad description of what we like - we especially love seafood - and he brought out a series of 5 dishes for the two of us to share that each hit the bullseye.For example, the snapper ceviche starter was a delicious combination of flavors - crispy corn tortilla chips piled with ceviche, guacamole, and lime, it was refreshing, tart, and had a nice mix of textures. By contrast, the tortitas ahogadas with poblano peppers was warm and soft, and it filled my mouth with heat and spice. We also tried the quesadillas with mushrooms, the frida salad, and a snapper dish with chorizo, purple potatoes, and spinach. I found that the spice levels didn't go beyond what I could easily handle (I'm a native Minnesotan, so I have a low threshold), but the kitchen can also dial it up if you prefer. The dishes were all absolutely wonderful, and miles ahead of most "Mexican" food you can find in Minneapolis.We could have probably eaten one less dish (and then maybe added dessert?) but we weren't uncomfortably full, and it seems like the kind of place where they encourage you to share and try as many dishes as you'd like. I definitely plan to go back, and will spread the word as best as I can that La Fresca deserves a try!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,11/24/2014,14,102,4,3,3>Never been to an elite event and was a little hesitant to go, but thought I would give it a try.  It definitely exceeded my expectations.  I am a noodles lover and have tried just about every dish before.  I had never tried a salad though and the Backyard BBQ Chicken Salad was delicious.  Japanese pan noodles is always a winner and loved the rice crispy treat to top off the night.  Luke and his staff were great and I felt like I had learned a lot noodles.  Left the event very full and satisfied.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,11/23/2014,203,560,4,6,7>This quick update will highlight the most excellent deli appended to the market.  On offer are a large variety of Good Things, including some specials served only on weekends.  The sticky savory rice is an example of the latter--a perfect treat.  We paired the rice with an order of octopus balls for a great light lunch.  And of course, my beloved TEA EGGS are available as well.  You will be pleased.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/22/2014,13,47,3,3,4>I've always had a good customer experience with Berry. Our orders arrive when we need them (they've even gone out of their way a few times when we've had a coffee emergency and needed to replenish our stock STAT--it's not a pretty thing when the office runs out of coffee!), the orders are filled and billed accurately, and the delivery person is friendly. The folks in my office love the Caribou Coffee that we order from Berry. When an airpot or the coffee brewer has an issue, getting service is easy, and they take care of it with no hassle. Ordering on the website is a little clunky, which is my only critique, but that's a small price to pay to support a good local business.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,11/21/2014,25,46,4,6,5>As you can tell by my rating, I am a HUGE fan of Watertower Apartments. My husband and I searched for a place to rent and after seeing many places in the area, we were excited to sign a lease at Watertower. That was 5 months ago and we couldn't be more pleased with our choice!A few key positives: -Management is beyond great, very sweet people in the office as well as doing the maintenance work. We had a one-off issue with our hot water in the beginning of our lease and they did the work quickly, and even reimbursed our water costs for the first month because of the hassle. They are always pleasant to chat with, quick to respond to any questions or issues, and they even recently started stocking my hubby's favorite soda in their mini fridge (you can grab a drink whenever the office is open - nice perk!) They also plan monthly events with snacks, treats, etc. This month they are providing breakfast one morning as people head out to work, very cool!-Underground parking (one spot) is included in every rental unit, and there is outdoor parking for other vehicles. It can be busy on weekends as people who are at Old Chicago do use spots in front of the building occasionally, but it has never been a problem. -In-unit laundry and dishwasher. The washer/dryer was a must-have for me after years of going down to the basement for shared laundry utilities, but the dishwasher was a great perk we have been thankful for!-Storage space is plentiful - very large walk-in closer, pantry, linen closet and front closet provide enough even for a shopper like me! I was concerned that sharing storage space with my husband would prove difficult, but we haven't had any issues combining all our stuff into one place. -Convenient location: We are huge Costco shoppers, belong to the Lifetime just down the road (though there is a nice gym, racquetball courts and hot tub in the building) and shop at Walmart since the Target at EP Mall doesn't have the full grocery department. We feel like we can get anywhere we need to be within 5 minutes! My husband works within 2 miles, and I jump on the bus at the Southwest Transit Station to get downtown each day. I would say the only thing we don't absolutely love is the built-in work station, which is a 2 or 3-foot granite shelf on the opposite side of the kitchen. It would be ideal for someone who worked from home or didn't want to have a full kitchen table, but we just use it to gather loose items and for storage underneath. Not a nuisance, we just would prefer having the full space.All in all, we love our place and are happy to continue living here even as we start to consider purchasing a home in the area!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,11/20/2014,38,72,13,12,14>With Lu's around there's no excuse for anyone to go to Subway or Jimmy Johns except for self-hatred or late night drunkenness. This is as practical, fast, friendly, and delicious as sandwiches get. For the price you pay, the portions are terrific; for the price you pay, the flavor is a revelation. I usually get a chicken banh mi with extra meat, and ask them to make the extra meat pork. This is a bit gluttonous for sure, but it's so damn good I start humming Marvin Gaye ballads while I eat it. The Eat Street area boasts an embarrassment of riches when it comes to options for Banh Mi, but I've found myself returning to Lu's more than any other establishment. The decor is spare, but it's perfect for a quick meal when you're on the go; if you live in the area, order one to go and take it home. I've yet to be disappointed by a sandwich here. To get a sandwich anywhere else would be LU-dicrous. AMIRITE?????
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,11/19/2014,85,313,2,6,4>I stopped in after seeing them from the street for the week.  I am glad I did.This is the best candy store I have been in around the metro. They sell all the cool old school candy including the worlds biggest gummy worm and a 26 pound gummy bear!If you like candy especially the sweet sugary vintage stuff this is a place to check out. I will go again and I suggest you do to. Just make sure to brush and go to the dentist regularly =)
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,11/18/2014,216,199,3,5,7>High Bridge is my absolute favorite off-leash dog park in the Twin Cities! It's guaranteed to make your dogs tail wag like crazy! What you need to know:-Fenced in off-leash dog park-A small portion of the dog park is fenced off for small dogs-Ample gravel surface lot parking-Bring your own dog bag. Sometimes dog park patrons will leave plastic bags in designated areas. If you take a bag, bring a bag the next time you visit the park-Dress accordingly.  Depending on weather the park can get a little muddy. That being said, you may want to bring a towel to wipe off your dogs paws before you head home -High Bridge is HUGE so be prepared to do some walking-A port-a-potty is located at the entrance of the park
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,1/24/2013,24,41,2,5,5>Picture this: two poached eggs (perfectly runny) served over thick cuts of French bread, thin slices of speck (similar to prosciutto), sautéed leeks and a mustard Hollandaise. Then imagine cheesy tater tots on the side.Yeah. That was my breakfast.It was an elevated eggs benedict that intrigued me to want more of this chef's menu. It was hard to concentrate on my meeting with a chalkboard on the wall that stated things such as "bacon fries" and "pork cheek". I am also always down for a place that serves specialty coffee drinks, inspired ingredients and wine in the same building.I'll be back for dinner.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,1/23/2013,56,105,2,7,4>Nong's is nice. It's open on Sundays which is the prime time I crave Thai. There is nothing better than ending your Sunday Funday with some springrolls and a piping hot bowl of Tom Yum. It gives you the warm fuzzies and makes you realize the Monday that is looming before you may not be that bad.Their springrolls are thick and packed with good sized pieces of shrimp. The peanut dipping sauce is ok but definitely not the best I have had. Their Pad Thai is excellent and is great reheated for lunch the next day, it does not dry out at all. Their drunken noodles are also divine. The portions are huge and hearty.Nong's is a great Thai option in Golden Valley.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,1/22/2013,51,194,2,5,3>Gotta love this explosion of  business ventures across the twin cities that are mixing malts, hops, water and other goodness and giving us the lovely beverage known as beer.  One of the latest is Pour Decisions Brewing.   A group of beer lovers, who needed to get the city of Roseville to approve their idea of a business and change laws, has now opened their doors and is pouring the good stuff.   And thankfully, this little brewery tucked into an industrial park, is making some tasty stuff.  Currently two beers are being offered and their third, a Berliner Weisse beer, which saw a limited run, sold out quickly.  The bar area is accommodating and tours are off the cuff.  Board games and cribbage board are available.  Right now the beer is being poured free (growlers cost you money) but it sounds like that will be changing in the future.  For now, belly up for some free beer.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/21/2013,60,116,6,4,7>AS GOOD AS NE MPLS GETS.After living in Chicago for 6 years, in parts of town with an abundance of taco joints...the kind where onions and cilantro and the norm, and you pay extra for anything beyond that...I was pretty nervous it was going to be difficult to get an real taco in Minneapolis. Does the taco come with lettuce and tomato? Cool, I don't want it. Do I have to pay extra for cheese and sour cream b/c that's not what comes on a real taco? Sign me up.HELLO, LAUGHING TACO.I've been in MN for just over a month, and I've been here four times already. I've had tacos, burritos, chimchangas, and enchiladas, and man, this stuff is legit. It's a perfect Mexican joint: not much to look at on the inside, the same few people are always working, they don't get too creative beyond your standard Mexican fare, and the prices are right where they should be. Beyond all that, the food is fucking fantastic. I'm a marinated pork junkie, and these guys have Al Pastor that is imported from Mars, I swear to god. The spices hit right where they're supposed to, the meat falls apart in your mouth, and they cram the tacos with as much meat as two tortillas can handle. The flavors are sublime, it comes out fast, and it's consistent as all hell (thus far). The only negative is their overzealous desire to ruin your burrito with rice on the inside. You're better than Chipotle, guys. Last time I was there, I was asked if I wanted onions and cilantro on my tacos. I wasn't prompted for the lettuce, tomato, sour cream, or other trash. Straight up Mexican delicacy. Thanks for keeping it real, Laughing Taco.Oh and, get the horchata, you'll thank yourself later.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,1/19/2013,50,117,3,6,5>I was looking for a healthy, inexpensive meal, and bam! Vietnamese it is. Based on the great reviews, I had wanted to try Cadao for some time, and I was not disappointed one bit.Holy giant spring rolls Batman! They really are a decent size, filled with yummy veggies, rice noodles, and at least three different kinds of lean meat, and served with delicious peanut sauce. When can I have another one of those things? The pho was also exceptional. Of course the portions were huge: along with the broth you get beef, scallions, sprouts, rice noodles, peppers, and fresh basil, and once it's all mixed together in the bowl and topped with fish sauce and lime, there's nothing like it. Seriously, where else can you get that meaty, savory, spicy flavor? One of the best parts: the portions are very generous. My one order of beef pho and cold spring rolls ended up being three full meals of umami heaven. Talk about bang for your buck! I think it worked out to less than $5/meal, including tip. Sure, you could do the Dollar Menu at some fast food restaurant for about the same amount of cash... but of course, cardiologists aren't cheap. I'll stick with the Vietnamese, thanks.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/18/2013,949,964,3,11,6>I love the art deco style building. I especially love this location. Who would have thought that it could be a destination. Ward 6 makes it so. Everyone is so friendly, and you can tell they want to make it work. No it's not my job or station mentality. It's lent for the Orthodox Xtians, so that means lots of fish.And they have it every day.  When I heard haddock, that peaked my East coast roots interest. They don't serve tarter sauce, but a homemade mayo, and you can taste the malt vinegar. How does fish and chips pass my taste test? When I pick up the fish and eat with my hands. I was impressed with home made fries. Actually everything is made from scratch, including my pet peeve of salad dressing. Various vinegrettes, that I will try. I just couldn't resist a blue cheese on the curly lettuce. I'd like to see it a tad thicker. It's served on the side, about 3/4 of the way. Fill er up, this stuff's delicious. They seem to feature a daily pie. I hope they throw a chocolate cream in the mix, because the crust is perfect. Absolutely no throwaway items on this menu. Even the bathroom fixtures are just right. The background music is jazz. I'd like to have the music as varied as the menu.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/17/2013,2177,528,18,13,13>The only sushi I knew of, growing up in Blaine in the 70's, was fishing bait. Who knew upon my return home to the mother land I would not only find sushi in Blaine, but some really fabulous, well executed sushi? Who knew? Nestled in a tiny mall in Club West, my new home here in the "new" Blaine (east of 65 homies!), is a contemporary and might I even say urban space just a short walk from my new digs. The ambience is fresh, clean and energetic. Love the slight techno vibe, smiling service and the "beads" hanging near the restrooms. Can I just say that not only do they start Happy Hour earlier than any place I've ever noshed (2:30, yep, 2:30!), but, hold on to your chopsticks yelpers, Happy Hour prices ALL day Sunday. I just may have to host a UYE here!I don't know if it was just in fun or methodically thought out by my fabulous dinner companions, but we started with a Phoenix roll (just moved from there), the Sassy roll (so I've been told) and the Rainbow roll (really, do I need to explain it!?!). All simply sublime! We also devoured a delicious plate of delicate and extremely flavorful gyoza. Our sushi and sashimi did not disappoint. Unlike Lindsay Lohan's take on Lifetimes Liz & Dick, the reviews from our table were all thumbs up. White tuna, yellowtail, tuna and eel all had us doing the happy food dance.All I can say is that while I'm in Blaine and you need to find me on Sunday. You now know where to find me.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,1/16/2013,81,211,2,6,4>This place is soooo cool (pun intended).Its surprisingly big inside, with an upper level seating area that circles the bar and a nice patio, too.  They play jazz music and it perfectly adds to the chic but not snooty atmosphere.I was lucky enough to be seated at the chefs table. What a perfect spot to watch the kitchen and the entire restaurant, with a top notch view of the stage to boot!  I was told the table was made of reclaimed barn wood.  Seating for 10 and large velvet curtains for added privacy makes this particular table the perfect party spot, too.The menu is small but just the right size for the small plates and snacks they serve. I still had trouble deciding what to order.  I ultimately decided on the porcini vegetable burger, topped with teleggio (cheese) & spinach.  Man was it delicious.  Served with some house made spicy pickles it made the perfect meal, but wasn't something that would make you full.I decided not to drink because I had a long drive home, but they had plenty of nonalcoholic beverages to choose from and the balsamic strawberry lemonade was calling my name, loud and clear.  Holy-moly delicious lemonade; I can't wait to go back and try more flavors.  I also recommend getting the Wisdom of the Century, the last item on the drink list, its free and very refreshing (seriously order it, and see what you get).  One person in my party had the blushing belle (pomegranate hibiscus gin-tini with vanilla cream foam) and I had a taste, it was amazing, seriously delicious and I will be having one the next time I visit.The servers enter your order on iPhones and the food and drinks all arrive fairly quickly.  Once you are done, they scan your credit card on the iPhone too, so no worries about someone stealing your info (I have had it happen to me before at an unnamed restaurant that I have reviewed). They take Discover Card too, so that is always an added bonus for me.The only snafu of the evening was they ran out of menus so my party of 8 had to share 3, but really, it didn't matter so I won't knock them down a star simply for that minor issue.  We kept our menus the entire meal, in case we wanted to order more, so I would guess that is what others also did that night.It might be a tad expensive for what you get, but its worth it, go visit Icehouse you won't regret it.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/15/2013,60,359,4,4,3>I have to admit I geeked out over this place for two reasons: the chef trained under Susan Spicer, a New Orleans chef that I adore and made my college graduation dinner at Bayonna unforgettable. Secondly, this place made me feel like I was in my favorite city...New Orleans. Anything New Orleans makes me all tingly inside. I came for brunch with my mama. We had the cheese plate for starter. I really didn't know a cheese plate could be so good. The cheese was phenomenal but the chevre coated in red mustard seeds was a touch of genius. The truffled honey they serve with the plate is out of this world. I want them to bottle it so i can slather it on everything from grilled cheese to hot chocolate to ribs. Seriously this stuff is amazing. When I tasted it I couldn't put my finger on what the other flavor in the honey was. Then our server said truffled and it clicked. Who knew I could be so excited for honey. I also had the brie and ham crepe. I usually will not order ham but I loved this but ended up losing half to my mother when she decided her tomato, spinach and goat cheese crepe had too much goat cheese. No such thing if you ask me but both were delish. My ham and brie was better though. Especially with the raisins...which I also dislike but worked here. Love that the crepes are buckwheat too. They add a dimension of flavor usually missing from crepe batter. Dessert was fantastic too. Keffir lime and basil creme brulee. A tad overkill on the basil but still great. Everything was created with care and you can tell. It's not super fancy food likely to scare off the less adventurous (Piccolo) and you don't have to ask what everything is because you don't speak chefalese but its crafted well and tastes great. I cannot wait to come back here for dinner. And come back I will. if only to talk to the chef  about New Orleans and susan spicer.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,1/14/2013,18,28,2,5,4>Is this place for real? Yes, yes it is.My review is both for the grocery and the cafe. First the cafe, where this place really shines.There is simply no better OR cheaper ramen in the entire city. Period. I've had ramen at countless places and United Noodles' is easily the best. I've also had some of their tea eggs (delicious if you've never tried them) and sushi. Both fantastic. This place is proof that you can make delicious, cheap Japanese food and still make it taste amazing.Second the grocery. Yes, you can buy soy sauce cheaper at a regular grocery store or Target. No, you can't get the huge selection that United Noodles has. And really, isn't that the point? The selection on all different types of items is great, and you would be hard pressed to find a lot of their items at a regular grocery store. Needless to say, if you're going to whip up some Asian cuisine at home, this is the place to get authentic ingredients.Finally, the employees. They're great. They're helpful, they're attentive, they do their jobs very well. I haven't had any problems with a single one, and they all deserve praise for keeping the store orderly, clean and friendly.In short, it's wonderful having a place like this around, and I hope they stay in the neighborhood for years and years to come.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,7/20/2009,2,33,2,3,4>Tonight our dinner at Sunxing Restaurant in Chengdu (the capitol of fine Sichuan food in this province of China) confirmed that Tea House in Golden Valley and Little Sichuan Restaurant in St. Paul  can hold their own with the best Chinese restaurants. The entertainment at the Tea House Sichuan Opera after dinner, however, supported the view that you should venture to Chengdu for your next Chinese meal.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,7/19/2009,18,165,2,5,4>Where else can you find this kind of intergenerational fun?  I can't say I've ever seen anything quite like Nyes.  Go with no reservations and just have fun.  Relax with your friends as you listen to others karaoke to some of the oldies.  Order a drink and try some of the Polish dishes.  When you're ready head into the Polka room.  On Fridays and Saturdays you'll hear Ruth Adam's World's Most Dangerous Polka Band.  She barks, she raps, she plays the accordion - who says polka can't be revamped for the times?  Not Ruth.Truly Nyes is an experience and I usually have to force my visiting friends to go, but once we're there they always end up having a blast.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,7/18/2009,70,10,2,4,3>I have been looking for a place outside of Lake Street (South Minneapolis) or Robert Street (Saint Paul) where I can get good, authentic Tacos Al Pastor, and today I can say I found them!San Pablito, is nothing special to look at inside or out. It is in a location that has held a string of Mexican restaurants over the years and they all seem to change ownership and names for whatever reason. The chips were good and the salsa was actually hot, with good flavor. We had both the Sopes and the Tacos Mexicanos with Al Pastor and Carnitas. Looking forward to trying the Alambres with Al Pastor.Pros: Great tacos, sopes, chips, salsa. Good prices.Cons: Lone cook/waiter/host, warm in there (AC broken?)
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,7/17/2009,38,397,3,5,6>Yum! I'd heard all about it, and went to that neighborhood not really knowing where it was. Found it, and I was so lucky! A cute boy was working, there was no wait, I couldn't decide between a salad or a sandwich, so I got half of each. Their grilled cheese was awesome, the salad was good, and we got this dessert thing that was baked french toast. Heavenly. Their patio is really cute and big and shady and multi-leveled. I want to go there for breakfast! Love it.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,7/16/2009,183,586,6,12,5>After coming in for their Sunday brunch, I have to downgrade Peptios for reasons to follow. First, a bit of info on the brunch itself, since this doesn't seem to be available online anywhere else. It's buffet-style and runs until 3pm, which is nice. Not busy when my party of four stopped in at 1pm, but it still took forever to get drinks and any kind of service. I'm guessing they cut back on staff b/c it's serve yourself. Eggs and potatoes are available, but the fare is mostly lunch/dinner. The main event is the build your own taco bar, with ground seasoned beef and spicy pork as the proteins. There is BBQ chicken but it's on the bone and difficult to maneuver into a shell. Fixings include black and pinto beans, Spanish rice, lettuce, tomato, salsa, sour cream, ect. There are also potato-filled flautas and enchiladas to augment the taco bar, and fruit empanadas for dessert. I echo my initial review in saying that the food is decent: Filling, fatty and pretty yummy without being all that authentic. I would have really enjoyed Pepitos brunch, but for the following previously mentioned issues:1. At about $15/person, it's too expensive for being standard cheap Mexican food. 2. They charge $2.50 for a soda. TWO-FIFTY. Not only that, they charge for refills. WHAT THE HELL?!?! This alone makes me hate Pepitos. You're not that great, please stop gouging your customers by charging for this kind of stuff. (And by this kind of stuff, I'm including chips and salsa, which apparently is not free with meals.)3. The food selection is pretty limited. Why not put out some other options? There's certainly space for it. At least have more than ONE kind of salsa. I'm not coming back for brunch, but I will probably be in for dinner again.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,7/15/2009,223,363,8,16,9>When I moved to Minneapolis last year, this was one of the first places I went to. Of course, I got lost for half an hour on my bike and was almost crying by the time I rolled in, but the trip was worth it. It's one of the best Asian grocery stores in the Twin Cities, for sure. They have a whole fridge section dedicated to tofu and tofu-based products. And it's so cheap, like ninety-nine cents a block. In most American grocery stores, tofu is still an exotic thing so they always mark it up to two dollars. Rip off.However, United Noodle is a tad more expensive compared to Asian grocery stores in other cities where there are more Asian people. Like one time I was back in Chicago and bought a bag of rice crackers in smaller bags. It was like $4. Then I was at United Noodle and saw the same thing selling for $6. Also, their selection of kitchen wares is not as good as Shuang Hur. That's too bad, especially if you want to do some one stop shopping.Zara G is spot on about the selection of Japanese food. It's the biggest in the Twin Cities. In the noodle section, they carry a fresh ramen noodle kit that tastes pretty damn good. However,  I wish they would sell a different brand of furikake (rice seasoning) that has less sugar. I don't like sweet salmon rice sprinkles. I don't know anyone who does. The only other complaint about the Japanese section is the seaweed. I've bought like three different brands of wakame (seaweed) for miso soup, and they've all turned out super fishy. Grossssss.Also, they sell shiso and different kinds of basil, which is good for Thai cooking. By the way, cilantro works as a decent substitute for shiso in Japanese recipes like oyakodon (chicken/egg rice dish).Also, I found like the best thing ever. It is called Butter Chicken mix by Asian Gourmets. It's a wet spice packet that you add to chicken (or firm tofu or tempeh) and diced tomatoes and then you get butter chicken. I recommend adding cilantro. It tastes like heaven. One hint to get there successfully would be to look out for the Coastal Seafood building on Minnehaha. It's turquoise so you can't really miss it. If you're coming from the north, take an immediate right after passing that building and then hang a left into the industrial park. If you're coming up from the south, take a left before passing the building.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,7/14/2009,46,143,3,6,6>Fantastic patio, fantastic vodka, fantastic service. Our waiter had some fantastic suggestions. The Horseradish Martini goes great with a big plate of meat. Just don't drink it by itself, it is a bit too much.I'm pretty sure going here makes my Russian professor proud. Ochen Horasho!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,7/13/2009,441,746,26,15,14>forget what your parents say.Remember  the opening scene of The Flintstones when they bring the side of dino ribs out to the "car" that had feet for breaks and the whole thing tipped and you in your pj's laughed and laughed?Yeah, the onion rings are like that.  Go during the happy hour (3-6, M-F) when all apps are 1/2 price, and the martini's (vodka and gin are 5 bucks).I asked our bartender if she had an example of the dino onion that our rings were spawned from, and she did.Coulda filled a C cup.Emily can correct me if I am off base here, as my knowledge of cup sizes are like the metric system--which is to say vague.I may know braile better, which could lead us to an interesting place with the cup sizes and touching and all.I digress.This is a place that only St. Paul could produce.  Dark.  Wood lined.  Photo's of people on the walls you should know, your parents should know, and your grandparents certainly DID know.There is a picture of Garrison Keillor in there trapped in the 70's, looking like a mix between Stephen King and a monkey.  That might not be fair.  Maybe Robin Williams and a monkey.  Hell, what is the difference anyway?  A hairy hand is a hairy hand, even if the person is famous.Dark.  Did I mention dark?  Like a matinee on a sunny afternoon, you find your car by squinting.The men's bathroom is preceded by a green leather wing chair and a phone propped on a phone book.  You know, in case you need to call you wife and tell her you are going to be in a late meeting for another hour or so, or to call a cab to drive your drunk ass home.In short, classy.Best calamari that has ever had the luck to pass my lips.  No joke.Not rings.  No.  Not rings.That is for the children in the playground.This is strips.  Thick puffy thick soft on the inside crisp and salty on the outside strips.If I were swimming in the sea, lost after a shipwreck and encountered a large squid I would not be afraid.  No. I would gladly tell it I have seen the promised land, and with my two arms give it a hearty embrace.(and on one shoulder, of course, I place a gentle bite)
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,7/12/2009,147,345,6,10,11>LOVE THIS PLACE! Every year I excitedly watch as they set up the Linders hut in the Rainbow foods parking lot. This place rocks. There flowers are amazing and the staff is so friendly and helpful. When I went in today I was immediately asked if I needed help finding anything. I told her I had the coupon for the buy 1 get 1 free geranium's and she smiled and said "let me show you which ones they are" and she walked me over to them - showed me which ones were available with the coupon and then told me "It's unlimited so you can get as many as you want with the coupon." SHUT. UP. I grinned like a little schoolgirl let loose in a toy factory and she said "Can I get you a box to put them in?" Ummm... YES! So I quickly redesigned my garden while I started to grab the pots. Their plants are always healthy and look wonderful. No sickly crap with weeds poking out. And they guarantee their perennials - so if you buy one and it dies you can bring in the receipt and the dead plant and get a new one. There are about 50 Flower Mart locations around the Twin Cities. If you are thinking about heading to one make sure to check their web site for printable coupons. I saved almost $20.00 today with a coupon - and they are awesome about accepting them. None of that - Oh - you have a coupon so I will treat you like you just fled the trailer park attitude. LOVE THEM!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,7/11/2009,18,29,1,5,4>Just wanted to give a small update on my review of Euphoria...all good.Since my haircut, I've been having some difficulties styling my new layers.  In my frustration, I called Briana and asked her if she could help me out.  She readily made time for me that was convienient for me which was awesome.  She scheduled me at the end of her day and spend almost an hour and a half of her own time - no charge to me - helping me with my hair.  She showed me all sorts of styles and even washed my hair so I could blow dry and curl it on my own so I knew what I was capable of doing.  Along with that - she left me with a hair clip, tons of bobby pins and even one of her brushes that I needed that she doesnt' really use much.  I was overwhelmed.  All of this for no charge.  She definitely is the best!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,3/5/2012,76,230,1,3,1>I have leftovers for days!This year my birthday was a little more tame than previous years.  When the hubs asked what I wanted to do, I said, "Sleep in and go out for breakfast."  Literally.  I left it up to him to choose our destination and he chose the Uptowner.We got there a little after 9 and had no issues getting a table.  Our server was the sweetest girl I think I've ever spoken to.  She was nice to our daughter and brought us everything we asked for with no complaints.  She even wished me a happy birthday!I had the Farmer's but added tomatoes and peppers to the hashbrowns (what kind of Farmer's anything doesn't have veggies?) as well as some sausage.  I thought the sausage would be mixed in as well (that sounded awesome in my head) but I got 3 links on the side.  It was HUGE and good but seemed to lack something.  Salsa would be a good addition I think.Hubs had the cajun and holy crap was that good.  I had some serious breakfast envy.Daughter had Nathan's breakfast which was actually my pick for her so that I could sample a pancake and I was not disappointed.  We brought home enough food to easily feed like 3 more people.  It was crazy.  And then I napped.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,3/3/2012,60,70,3,3,3>I'm so excited about this delicious donut shop!  I've tried an embarrassing 8 in the past four days...oops. I love the maple bacon donut. I don't love their cinnamon rolls (I guess I was expecting it to be less like a donut...my mistake?). Mango glazed donut with coconut flakes = yum. Plain vanilla donut = amazing. Chocolate donuts = so effing delish!Next on my list is the beignets. Another customer passing through said they were the best she's had outside of New Orleans!I know they've been ridiculously busy this past week because of recent publicity, so I am forgiving them for lack of selection every time I've walked in the store (including Tuesday morning at 8:30), but it would be awesome if even half of the menu selections were available.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,3/2/2012,34,171,2,3,2>I have been to the MIA twice in the past 6 months and it is due time I write this review.  I have gone both times to see the "special exhibit".  This past week I went to see the Edo Pop exhibit and it blew me away.  The MIA really makes the special exhibits accessible to those of us without Art History degrees.  I have never taken an art history class but all the background information on the paintings are extremely helpful.  Not only that but they offer free tours of the special exhibits on a regular basis (check their website for times) and they give you free headphones if you have a smart phone for an audio tour.  The audio tour is as good as the live tour and you can use their free wifi.It does seem to get busy on Thursday nights (only weeknight open late) so plan in advance.  Overall this is a great way to sneak a little more culture into your life!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,3/1/2012,40,57,,4,4>If you're strolling down Lyndale with nowhere to go dip into this nifty thrift store to kill some time.  That's what we do.  We often wander in here after brunch on weekends.   It's a mixture of new clothes and vintage.  I always find cute dresses in the front where the new items are.  If you're looking for the following items check out Tatters!tights - nice selection of colored tightsused Converseused leather boots (some super cute vintage boots & cowboy boots AND in smaller sizes!)vintage clothing in generalMOTORCYCLE GOGGLES  (who would have thought?... but Hemingway snatched a super sick pair - which mostly get worn while I'm chopping onions...)hatsjacketssome wall artBottom line.  Always fun sifting & thrifting here.  Prices are pretty cheap.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/29/2012,134,345,3,6,3>We had brunch this morning at Bon Vie for my bestie's birthday...pre-cat show at the Roy.  Seriously.+ seating for a group of 10 at 10am on a Sunday+ waitstaff wasn't afraid to ask a smaller party to move tables to accommodate our group (in a friendly, sensible way)+ nobody ever wanted for a refill of water or coffee, as there were people CONSTANTLY about with pitchers at the ready+ everything on the menu was reasonably priced+ food came out quickly, accurately, and deliciously+ the best bacon I've had pretty much anywhere (thick, cooked just right, and omg...)+ an extra scramble was made by accident, and our server offered it to us- I found a few pieces of hair in my BLT that were NOT mine+ the server comped my entire meal+ the server gave separate checks without complaint+ everyone on staff was friendly, helpful, and AWESOMEMuch as I don't hang out in St. Paul, I can't wait to come back here.  I can't think of a place that even comes close to all of the amazing food/service/EVERYTHING I experienced this morning at Bon Vie.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,2/28/2012,17,36,7,3,2>OK. So I know different people have VERY diverse expectations in a salon, based on how different all of our unique personalities are. That's ok, as long as we're all on the same page. I get that some people wander into a salon, get a basic graduated bob. and have mousy brown hair- and leave with basically mousy brown hair... this is safe and comfortable and keeps the wheels of America spinning.That's not me.I'm a natural blond, and have died my naturally blond hair every color of the rainbow. I've had it done in several major US cities, but mostly Chicago, for 10 consecutive years. I started out getting my crazy hair done in crazy ways 15 crazy years ago at crazy Hair Police, when it was still blowing people's minds, and have done pretty much everything you can do to a head of hair. I've worked in the beauty industry, and I know what I want, how I want it, and how much I'm willing to pay for it.Moxie delivers.I originally found it because a while ago I was eating at Turtle Bread, and a girl walked in with my DREAM HAIR. My brother, who is 7 years my junior, was sent on a suicide mission NOT to ask out the cute girl, but because his sister was making him ask her where she gets her hair colored. *groan* I know, I'm sooooo annoying, but I had to know!She wrote down two words: Sarah. Moxie.So I called them up and booked my first appointment.Based on my snobbery above, it should be clear that I have cumulatively paid thousands for my hair, and hundreds in a single visit. I was quoted big city prices for what I was hoping would be big city service, and made my appointment. When I arrived, Sarah listened to me drone on and on about how well I know my naturally blond hair, and how easily my scalp burns, and how lilac snow white I want the finished product to be. "Not brassy," I said. "Not creamy. Not buttery platinum. LILAC. Understood?" Miss Sarah was the picture of patience as I spouted my mouth, and as soon as she could get me to shut up, she got started.2 hours and one inappropriately amazing scalp massage later, I had my dream hair. And she styled it herself after she washed it! No handing me off to a junior underling who awkwardly takes another 3 hours to dry my Lion King mane; she dried it herself. I say this because it's reaaaaaaally unusual in Chicago or Boston for this to happen, and it's my salon pet peeve. I know I'm paying for a colorist's expertise in the price, and NOT the trainee's ability to shampoo, but what if I like my colorist? What if I don't want five sets of hands touching me?Anyways, my neuroses aside, Sarah was just amazing. She has a pleasant no-nonsense attitude, and was not all MN "dontcha know" for 2 hours (which sometimes makes me grit my teeth in forced platitudes). She is also one of the two best colorists I've ever had, so please, PLEASE, give her a shot. Also, I was very clear in how much time it takes to do my hair (a lot) and the receptionist correctly booked the right amount of time- a recurring issue I've had at past salons. Sarah took her time, and charged me for it, which is exactly the way it should work. I was really ecstatic that I found such a perfect experience in Mpls :)Thanks, Sarah!ps- I paid for the kid brother to get his hair cut here as well, and when the scalp massage happened, he was so confused as to the quality of service (and because he's never really had his hair cut in a professional salon) he asked the young woman if it "was free." Hilarious.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,2/27/2012,27,111,3,5,4>Can't count how many times I've been here, because there really is no better place for Cantonese cuisine and dim sum in MN. period...Just went here for my  little brother's birthday and left satisfied once again. Yeah it's a little corny and over the top, with the servers wearing Aladdin vests and the venue's decor...but who really cares when the food is this good. Just be ready to pay for the freshness and epic...ness.This time our faves were Hong Kong style spicy crab, roast pork, whole roast duck, pea tips in garlic sauce. I don't care who you are, there is no way you don't leave happy after that. The crab had a little kick, crispy enough to break the shells easily, and perfectly fried. Maybe I'm just a savage, but how can you not  bite off of the batter like its fried chicken skin. Roast pork had crispy skin, and the fat to meat ratio was perfect...50/50...great cut everytime...Roast duck was also cooked great and plenty of meat...I hate skinny ducks. Pea tips were also delish with the garlic and slight bitterness from the vegetable. And there menu never ends. Do it.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,2/26/2012,35,183,2,6,3>If you are interested in eating organic and buying local, this is the place!!!The organic chicken and turkey, dairy, eggs and local produce are better than anything Byerly's has and I am adicted to the breads they carry.  (French Meadow Bakery -sprouted bread, and Toast of Bread (5 stars!)- cinnamon bread, hamburger buns, and whole wheat French.)We've been members since 2009.  It's like being part of a club.  You can be as involved as you want.   I have enjoyed going to the annual membership meetings to find out what's in store for the store and to meet the staff and other members.  They are looking at expanding as the current space is pretty small.  Baby steps though.  Today they are putting a new oven in the deli! Like Carly M. I also make use of the recycle program as my city doesn't take all plastics.  Feels good to help the planet in this small way.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,2/25/2012,113,230,3,6,2>Imagine if there was a sandwich shop in heaven.   A sandwich shop where God made delicious sandwiches all day long.  As far as I know, God doesn't make sandwiches at Be'wiched, but don't fret, the sandwiches here are Godly.I work in the same building as this place which means I come here often.  The regular menu is quite consistently amazing.  Here's a quick rundown of my favorites:Sandwiches:Pastrami - really good but ask for it Reuben Style and you'll be in heaven.Smoked Ham - So incredibly good.Italian Hero - PerfectionRoast Beef - They are known for this but this is really top notch.Daily Special - Often it's some variation of the turkey burger, but they also do brauts, special salads and more.Salads:My favorite two are the spinach and cou cous. The white bean is excellent as well.  If you are looking to eat healthy I recommend cous cous and white bean salads.This place tends to get pretty busy around lunch so call ahead and it'll be ready to go when you get there.Weekend Breakfast:  Be sure and check this out.  Both Saturday and Sunday they offer a top notch breakfast that's nationally recognized.Baked Goods:  Drop by in the morning for cookies fresh out of the oven.  While they might not be piping fresh every day, when they are you have take advantage of it.Happy Hour:  Did I mention they often have Surly on tap and have a good happy hour?  They also have a charcuterie plate along with skewered meats that go well with the beer and wine.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,2/24/2012,42,189,2,3,3>White Bear Lake couldn't be farther away from where we live but man, is it worth the drive for good food. Not only do they have Acqua but Ursula's Wine Bar. What a wonderfully small, cozy restaurant Ursula's is. Great ambiance - quiet, romantic, candle-lit. Excellent service. Amazing wine selection. And really superb food. We started with the cheese plate and chicken skewers. The cheese plate had a nice cheddar, a mild blue and a really surprising ginger cheese. The skewers were topped with a warm mango sauce that wasn't too sweet but balanced the grilled chicken nicely.I ordered the garlic and basil rubbed chicken for dinner. Super tasty, super moist and just the right size. It was served with a panzanella salad that was to die for. I could have eaten the olive oil soaked toasted bread out of there forever. My husband ordered the braised pork ribs. They had a nice sweetness to them and were served with the most delicious hominy and corn hash. I've never had hominy but combined with fresh corn and potatoes, it was heavenly. Both of our dishes also featured perfectly grilled asparagus. I honestly think you could have ordered just about anything off the small, seasonal menu and walked away pleasantly full and satisfied. We finished the meal with the molten lava cake and raspberry sauce - a perfect ending to a wonderful meal. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,9/18/2014,54,140,12,5,6>Cocoa and Fig is a convenient place to have in the skyways. Grabbing a $3 cupcake for someone's birthday, to cheer up a coworker, or I guess if you're just craving something sweet? Why not? Staff is always friendly and the cupcakes are delicious- red velvet all day.I always have this weird masculine identity crisis here though. Maybe it was the group of ladies who looked at me buying a cupcake for my mom before I met up with her on her birthday like I was trying on women's lingerie. CAN'T A DUDE JUST BUY A PASTRY IN PEACE? And I could never bring another bro at work a box of macaroons (LOL). So yeah, here's a tip- maybe keep this place in mind for the ladies only. But stick to that rule and you're good to go.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,9/17/2014,78,118,5,5,6>Rotisserie Chicken, Pulled Pork, meat, meat, and more meat!  Brasa tantalizes the tastebuds and makes creole comfort food a thing of beauty.  I've been here since this place opened and there is a reason why this place is always PACKED.I love this place.  When I am thinking of comfort food, or something simple and delicious, this place is always at the top of my list.  You get to choose your meat ( enough for yourself or with friends) and your sides (again, you can be selfish, but having more for others is always better).  Almost everything is good -  - Roasted Yams with Andouille Sausage (I think I have mastered making this at home)- Slow Cooked Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey (too much butter for my taste, but good nonetheless)- Rustic Style Cheese Grits (not bad for not being a southern joint)- Red or Black Beans with Yellow Rice or Corn Bread (this used to be soooo dry, but I think they have improved upon this) - Crispy Yuca Tossed with Citrus & Olive Oil  (I dream of this all the time).MY ONE COMPLAINT (and hence, the one less star)- Fried Sweet Plantains.  Just. No.  Please, please let the plantains ripen so that they can become sweet!!!  My mom has been making fried plantains since before I was born (yay for countries close to the equator cooking!) and I have to say that these plantains are the WORST.  The WORST!!  First of all, the plantains are not ripe enough that they are using.  If they were ripe, they would be sweet and more of a brown-yellow-orange color when fried. These are yellow-white disks of hardness that aren't juicy or sweet. I have also been to Louisiana, Jamaica, Bahamas, and many other close-equator countries and they all have the same thing with their plantains - they are sweet, because they ripen them to the point where the plantain is BLACK.  If you have a green or yellow plantain, it will not fry up sweet.  PLEASE FIX!They should call them non-ripened fried plantains, since they are missing the goodness and hopefully, people eat plantains elsewhere so that they know what a real sweet plantain tastes like. (People, come over to my house, I will show you and make you some fried SWEET plantains - simply heaven).Other than that, the staff are pleasant, the atmosphere is chill, and the food is good.  Comforting any time of year!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/16/2014,71,144,3,3,4>We finally have an outdoor stadium!  I had the opportunity to tour the stadium when it first opened and have attended a few games and events that have been held at Target field the past few years it has been open.It is definitely a must go to for locals and tourists alike to check out for a game and to try out some of the food options available.There are a couple of Jucy Lucy options that you can choose from a long with the standard burgers, hot dogs and friesThere a couple of restaurants and bars you have access too and can get a good drink anywhere in the ballpark.Always a fun experience to go with friends, I am not a huge baseball fan but will not turn down a game if I have a ticket and am able to make it.They also have an area where you can hold private events and weddings even, if you are someone who is big on baseball and want to get married on the field, it is something they have available! Look into it!I also had the opportunity to tour the super exclusive Champions club area, if you can afford or get the chance to get there, you get a separate entrance you go through with a true red carpet welcome. You have your own bar and area for food and it is super elegant and an amazing space. I've heard the joke is if the camera pans to right behind homeplate and if the seats look empty its because they are in the club taking advantage of the amenities and space inside.I'm a big fan of the area, I've also been there for the Twin cities Heart Walk and they have a great view of the city if you go up to the skydeck, great space and am so happy MN finally built an outdoor stadium to enjoy, even with the risk of bad weather, it's truly a great venue and you have to visit at least once in your lifetime
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/15/2014,12,144,6,3,4>Minnesota gets an east coast classic!! I used to plan parts of my vacations on when we could stop at Rita's! Now I have one less reason to visit the in-laws because Rita's has finally come to me! You will not be disappointed, this location does Rita's proud. Enjoy the ice (Strawberry is my favorite), but know the custard is amazing too. Go all out and get them layered together in a gelati.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,9/14/2014,31,118,6,5,8>Pretty people, pretty view, pretty place and pretty drinks. The only thing that's not pretty here are the prices; if you are from LA or NY their prices will make you feel right at home. The restrooms do have a great view, they are reminiscent of the Viceroy in Miami. This a much more chill place than its counterpart The Living Room downstairs. I would recommend you start your night here and then go downstairs about 1230 when it's popping more. Otherwise if all you want is to have an intimate conversation then this is the place to go.Dress nice as nobody likes to be all dressed up and then see somebody walk out the elevator looking like you're going to McDonalds.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,9/13/2014,26,56,4,5,5>Brunch. My favorite meal of the weekend. As if I didn't have enough places to frequent for brunch in my own Minneapolis neighborhoods, in walks Buttered Tin allllllllll the way over in Lowertown, St. Paul begging my taste buds to come back again and again. Don't you know how expensive gas is these days, B.T.?! (Looking forward to that Green Line...)I've had brunch at Buttered Tin twice, and both times I have had fantastic experiences.PRO TIP: Suck it up and go early. I've always shown up between 8-9 a.m., been seated promptly, and within by the time my food comes there is a line out the door. The early-bird definitely wins here.The food is delicious, there's not really more I can say about that. I've always gotten the special, and also shared the farm hash, and every bite has been thoroughly delectable. One time I got mini cupcakes for dessert. I recommend that strategy. Because what's better than post-breakfast cupcakes and coffee?The service I've encountered has been off-the-charts amazing. The waitstaff are super friendly, excited to share their favorite dishes and talk about the restaurant's farm vendors, and not at all overbearing. This type of service makes weekend brunch double-awesome.Buttered Tin, thank you for being there when I find myself on "the other side" and in need of a great brunch. You make dragging my self over to St. Paul totally worth it.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,9/12/2014,155,43,23,27,25>We had my Mother & Stepfather in town for the Thanksgiving Holiday Weekend & one of the first things my Mom said to me was, "Do you have a Fish Fry picked out for Friday?" I didn't, but it doesn't take long to pull up Yelp & start checking into what we've got bookmarked. Friday Afternoon we had it narrowed down to Tavern on the Avenue. A place Alyssa & I had been to once before for the All-You-Can-Eat Friday Night Fish Fry. However, it had been 3 years or so since that last visit. Driving on 35E from the North, you exit off on Victoria. Take a left. Then a left on Jefferson & you have arrived! The parking lot wasn't too busy & we found a spot easily. You enter into the middle of the place, with the bar to the left & the seating area to the right. There is a half wall separating the two. In the back, there is a game area, complete with pool tables & arcade games. Also a stage area for bands & dancing.We found a table & were greeted by our server, Smashlee, promptly. She just had got off of Roller Derby practice & was still dressed like it. Smashlee was able to obtain a highchair for Pheona. When she returned, she asked about drinks for the table. We asked about beer choices & she pointed to a specials menu on the table that had beer choices on one side. The other side had the daily & happy hour specials. We arrived just after 5 o'clock. Happy Hour goes until 6 o'clock on Friday, so I was able to get a $2 bottle of the High Life. My Step-dad went with a Guinness & was asked if he would like a tall or a short. He did a tall. Alyssa did a Redneck Martini (Miller Lite with an olive). My Mom stuck with water. We were given 4 menus and Smashlee went off to get our drinks. The menus are large & laminated with 2 sides. A front & a back. They keep it short & sweet here. I like that. They know what they do & they do it well. Our drinks were delivered & we were asked if we knew what we wanted to eat. Being that it was Happy Hour, they offer up a select few appetizers at a $3 cost. My Mom wanted to try some of those out, so she put in an order for cheese curds & a stuffed pretzel. We all ordered our entrees at this time, too. Mom went with a Chicago Style Hot Beef. Alyssa did a Happy Hour order of Boneless Buffalo Wings & the Loaded Mac & Cheese. Which seems to be the "house specialty". Mac & Cheese with tomato, bacon, & such. My Step Dad went with the regular Friday Night Fish Fry, while I did the AYCE version. The Fish Fry comes standard with Beer Battered North Atlantic Cod, French Fries, & Coleslaw. We asked for the apps to be brought out first. While they were the first food put on the table, they came out with our entrees. That made for a crowded table. The curds came on a small plate with 10-12 pieces. Good for $3, but if that's the amount you'd get paying full price, I'd be unhappy. The stuffed pretzel was your normal size. It came with a cheesy dipping sauce. All of that was good. Boneless wings had about 8 pieces, tossed in a spicy buffalo sauce. Pretty standard breaded chicken chunks, but the sauce had a wonderful kick to it. Now, supper. My Fish Fry came in a basket filled with French Fries. On top of 'em was two pieces of 24 caret gold colored fillets of Beer Battered Cod. A large plastic ramekin of colorful Coleslaw was included. As well as 2 wedges of lemon & a small plastic ramekin of tartar. I took a bite of a couple of fries right away. Great Fries. Perfectly cooked with skins left on. One of the wedges of lemon held enough squeeze for both fillets of Cod. Dipping the first bite of Cod into the tartar, I realized that the sauce was house made. Biting in, Nirvana. Oh Boy. They got "it" down here. Perfect Beer Batter. Not too thick in coating the fillet. Yet thick enough where it holds up on it's own. The Cod is pearly white in color. Moist & flaky. Everything you want your Beer Battered Cod to be. The Coleslaw is deceiving. It looks good, bordering on great. Taking a bite, you are let down. Tasted old.When we got checked up on, I asked for two more pieces. Another member of the waitstaff brought it out to me after a short wait. However, I only got one piece. I didn't complain, though. It came with lemon & tartar. The reorder piece wasn't as golden fried as the first pieces. More light in color. The taste was just as good. When Smashlee came back to see if we were doing alright, I asked for two more pieces again. This time, Smashlee brought out my reorder. Again, it came as 1 piece. She told me as she set it down that she asked for another piece be put in for me. When that came out, it also came with tartar & lemon. As had my prior piece. Alyssa's Mac & Cheese was great. Rich & creamy. I got a bite of that. YUMMY. My Mom's Hot Italian Beef looked wonderful. She said it tasted that. The parents picked up the tab, but I can vouch for the cost of the AYCE Friday Night Fish Fry. $11.99. Worth every penny. Alyssa & I are bound to make it back here. We just hope it's quicker than last time.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/11/2014,20,40,4,6,6>I LOVE SPARROW. It has become my go-to coffee shop in Minneapolis. I haven't set up shop in there to do any work yet, but the coffee is fantastic, the service is friendly and quick, the snacks are delicious, and the price is right. I make a point to go to Sparrow over other coffee places unless it is ridiculously out of my way (which it usually isn't). Some older reviews mention their funny hours, but they have been extending them slowly over time and are now open until 5pm on weekdays. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. I hope it sticks around for a long time!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,9/10/2014,240,322,4,4,5>It's Walgreens - the place you can find everything. The place where you stroll the aisles to kill time while they get your prescription ready and discover what you never thought a drugstore would carry. Sure these items are a bit more expensive but for people who buy milk and cereal here, it's probably handy. They sometimes have great deals - like Dove dark chocolate, 2 for $1. Being a Walgreens member is easy and instead of carrying a card you simply punch in your phone number. Someone always greets you when you enter the store which is kind of friendly. Service is also helpful.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,9/9/2014,55,196,4,8,6>Overall it's pretty good BBQ for this part of the country. I've been here twice and have walked away feeling the same way about both visits. Personally, I don't find the baby back ribs to be anything special. The flavor is nice, with a nice hint of smoke, but they're not tender enough for my liking. Nothing bad, but pretty average ribs IMHO.When I come back here though, it'll be for "The Pile" Sandwich. It's pulled pork, brisket, mac & cheese and coleslaw piled on a bun with your choice of BBQ sauce. This sandwich is frieken AWESOME. Judging off of my experience with the sandwich, I'd highly recommend the pulled pork or brisket here.Sides:-Sweet potato fries were good-Potato salad was OK-Mac & Cheese side is good, but awesome when combined with the amazing pulled pork/brisket.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,11/6/2010,154,274,18,7,9>Band Box,you taste so good!Just likeI knew you would.If you had better hours,you would have infinite powers!Your powers are already strongbecause I could stare at the punk rock waitress all day long.Band Box!!!!!!!You're the cutest little burger place,I want to cram your burgers IN MAH FACE!!!!!!That is my love sonnet for Band Box.Recognize.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,11/4/2010,10,32,5,5,5>Thank god Wisconsin knows people don't stop drinking on Sundays. Several times I've been headed back from Wisconsin, out of beer, and realized it's Sunday. Quick, take the last exit in Wisconsin on 94! (Or first exit if you're making a Bee Double Ee Double Are You En.)They know they are the place to go if you are from Minnesota. Vikings and Twins paraphernalia adorn their building along with Brewers and Packers. I think Casanova might be the one spot the rivalries are put aside, and Minnesotans and Wisconsinites remember what they have in common- A love of Beer. It kind of feels like Minnesota is a 20 year old, and Wisconsin is the cool 21 year old friend who buys you beer. I'm okay visiting my drinking buddy neighbors to the east, tossing aside the hate, and living down to the alcoholic perceptions the other states have of the two of us. (Side Note: This is the closest place to find New Glarus from Minneapolis. Someday the factory will be able to bring it to Minnesota.)
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,11/3/2010,87,349,2,4,5>Stopped by Good Earth for breakfast this weekend and loved it, as usual. I can't get enough of their ten grain hotcakes, so delicious and filling. I always order them with some kind of fruit, I like blueberries and bananas the best. Also had to order their Good Earth tea, so hot and spicy and with endless refills! This was the perfect place to go to fill my belly with warm comfort food.On this trip I also got their Parasole Dining Club card. It's free to join the club, and when you spend $100, you get a gift certificate for $10 at any Parasole restaurant including Manny's, Chino Latino, Uptown Cafeteria and Salut!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,11/2/2010,35,24,8,7,4>Dear Tandoor, I can only give you 4 stars because, well, I'm not sure I've ever eaten Indian food before last night so it would seem a bit presumptuous of me to ASSUME you are the best.  That said, I promise to update my review the next time I go there, which might be tonight based on last night's experience.  There's NAN better than this place!  (Sorry, I just had to. I love nan. It makes me crazy for puns.)I admit, I know very little about Indian food. I had an Indian friend in college whose mother would make us eat this yellow lamb cauliflower stew before going out to drink copious amounts of light beer and it traumatized me.   So I walked into this place with no agenda, other than a meal that was not yellow and did not include lamb or cauliflower.I placed my carry-out order (which I could have done in advance) and walked out 20 minutes later with an order of Tandoor Chicken and an order of Chicken Makhani.  Good Lord in heaven if the later wasn't the best thing I remember eating in a really, really long time.  (Also, a good reco by the host.)  On the menu its' described as 'Tandoor roasted chicken pieces cooked in a creamy, spiced tomato sauce.'  If there was a superlative higher than 'Highly recommended', I would use it here. The chicken was super tender and flavorful in its own right, but when the sauce was poured over the basmati, well; I admit I started purring a little bit.   I ordered both 'medium' spicy and the Tandoor had noticeably more kick than the makhani. I can't speak to the buffet or the seated dining experience, but I can tell you that I picked up a great deal on a collapsible garden rake and a garden hose at the next door Tuesday Morning while waiting for my order.  Now that's called multi-tasking.I will most definitely be back next time I'm in the area hitting the Bloomington Savers and/or TJ-Maxx.  See you soon, Tandoor!Love, Holly
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,11/1/2010,147,345,3,5,6>My first experience with Buca and I AM a fan! I am not much for Italian food as a general rule. It's heavy and comforting and I ALWAYS eat way more than I intend to. It's like Thanksgiving where you need a nap to sleep off the food when you are done. Total Gorge Fest. When I suddenly had a craving for Spaghetti and meatballs, my husband suggested we go somewhere good -- where they really know what they are doing. And so we ended up at Buca in Burnsville. It was perfect. We made it there for the lunch special so the servings were individual rather than family style. My Spaghetti was EXACTLY what I wanted. The Garlic Mozzarella bread before hand had tons of fresh garlic and was heaven. My husband had the Chicken Saltimboca - and he raved about it. It was a wonderful meal! We won't hit this place often since it's a carb laden feast for kings - but it's definitely going into our rotation of awesome restaurants. And I suspect in the long cold winter months ahead - we might be back there more frequently. Nothing comforts you in the winter like hot pasta!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,10/31/2010,192,528,8,7,4>I stopped in on Saturday night and liked the place.  They may have changed the entrance fiasco because I entered on the corner of 6th and Sibley, just down the block from Barrio.  I didn't have to enter through the office building.  Typical wine bar, dim lights, candles, intimite seating.  I thought the service was good.  They had a guy going around with water refills regularly and as we were doing flights, the waiter stopped by frequently.  There was a menu of cheap wines and a menu of more expensive ones.  They have small plates and tapas that sound good, but all we tried was the greek flat bread.  The flights are a great deal, 1 or 2 dollars for a 2 oz pour.  We each sampled 6 wines for 8-9 bucks each.  I can't comment on the quality of the list, I don't really know wine very well, but I thought that they were all good wines, nothing tasted bad to me.  They also had a martini menu for $10 a drink and about 10 different beers for between $4-5.  I thought the average ratings are a little undeserved.  There is a great view of Mears Park, fun watching sluts walk down to Barrio.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,10/30/2010,26,74,4,15,8>i'm Vietnamese, grew up on authentic Vietnamese food, eaten at authentic Vietnamese restaurants from Westminster (OC, CA) to Chicago, and have had my fair share of experiences with non authentic just to tastelocated in a strip mall so it may not look like much but it's exactly how Quang's started (remember that little ol' place?). i've always loved the food and service every time i come to eat here. Becky is great! and the customer service here is never lacking (like a lot of Asian restaurants are). i've come here a fair share of times (since 2008) and on almost every day of the week and the service and food is always consistent. spring rolls - filling and very goodegg rolls - always on orderpho (tai bo vien or tai sach [beef slices and meatballs or beef slices and tripe]) - the broth is full of flavor and i always drink up all the soupbeef and potato - the potatoes are so good and crispy!! but if you wanna order this, always eat it right away and not let it sit because the potatoes will soften and not live up to it's full destiny for this dishmi xao don (beef chow mein) - not like the chinese chow mein, this dish has the chow mein noodles, beef, broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, onions, celery, pea pods, and i may be missing something but i love this dish! the sauce is always flavorful and i always try and eat every last noodle in the sauce (so good!!)mi hoanh thanh (wonton noodle soup) - only available on wknds. again, their broth is stupendous, their wontons are absolutely filling and they don't skimp on filling those wonton wrappersbanh canh do bien (thick noodle soup with seafood) - only available on wknds. and again, their broth, amazing! i push my stomach to its limits to finish this dish, broth includedi think i've covered all my food experiences here...i love this place and we keep urging Becky to grow her business to a larger location. this place is pretty small with about 3 dbl tables and about 7 4 tops. they definitely accommodate to their customer's needs (i used to go with a group that loved drinks that weren't on the menu and then they started carrying it, mountain dew and powerade). the sweetest lady and speaks Vietnamese and English fluently with barely an accent!if i had my choice, i'd choose VN House over Quangs, Caravelle/Pho 79, Jasmine Deli, Saigon Restaurant any day. the best in the Twin Cities!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,10/29/2010,89,97,9,3,5>For the longest time I thought I had never been to this place.  Last night walking up to it I realized I had.  To be fair though it was before I became a beer geek so I didn't utilize the bar's full potential on my first visit. Anyhow, I met a few of the girls from the Yelp harem there last night for book club.  I really like the place and it had a very inviting atmosphere.  The only down side was that every time the door opened little Andy crawled a little further inside me.  Damn it was cold.  They have a fantastic beer selection that would give any beer geek a chub and the food is quality too.  Overall, I have nothing but nice to say about this place.  Way to go Muddy Pig.  Pound it.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,10/28/2010,949,964,3,11,8>I can see why Zachary had a fit when they didn't open as scheduled. This might have to be my new Friday fish fry place. I couldn't justify coming to NE for years, but Anchor is a whole other kettle of fish. Speaking of.... the fish and chips, so light I ate it with my hands. It was plenty salted, and I was curious about the tarter sauce. One tiny dip, and it actually ruined the effect, and detracted from the fish, a first. The chips, a 2 step process, actually a third being devouring the whole thing. I generously sprinkled both with white vinegar, offered on the table. It made me forget about my friday night craving for chowder, would have been too full. We got to meet an owner, the lovely Kathryn, and asked if some Irish or British style desserts were in the works and they are. She also said they are doing a thriving breakfast business. I can't wait to get half whacked. I caught a glimpse of the Shephards, looks like it should, lots of potatoes. Another treat, crushed ice in the soda.  A true fish and chips and Irish make this area doubly blessed. Every Friday at 11:00 I watch Eastenders on TPT. If I lived near here, I'd be over here at midnight for supper!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,10/27/2010,129,109,2,5,4>My roommate had some luck here searching for an 80's style formal gown for our halloween costumes. The selection was pretty decent, although I'd say it was skewed to the more modern side of vintage (60s+). The pricing was pretty good; at least better than quite a few of the other vintage stores we visited. Somewhere midrange between Goodwill and, say, Via's. I'd give the store 3 stars itself because there wasn't anything really outstanding about the selection, but the gal who was working (perhaps the owner?) was helpful and checked in on us often and was really down with our costume idea, giving out additional suggestions and her own dress opinions. I think that certainly sets this store apart from most of the others that we tried.On a side note, after reading Jaymi's review... the sizing issue is dead on. In most of the stores we visited (B-squad, Blacklist, Lulas, etc), there was a pretty skimpy selection of clothing over size 8. Some stores do it by waist size rather than item size, which is helpful, but not entirely accurate either...(had no problem with some 28"s, but couldn't fit my fat ass into some 30"s) so I suppose the sizing is a crapshoot no matter which store.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,1/26/2010,42,103,,7,5>I really enjoyed "Cheap Date Night" last night. The first time I have been, Kristi and I went with another couple (her sister and brother-in-law) and had a lot of fun. For $32 a couple, you get: Dinner entree of the restaurant's predetermined choice Bottle of wine (house red or white) Dessert of the restaurant's predetermined choice We all sat down and crossed our fingers that their dinner choice wasn't going to be pork belly or something similar. Happy to find out it was a burger, with crispy onions, and fries. We got a bottle of the red and white and were very pleased with the house selections there. Dessert was a scoop of vanilla ice cream very much infused with mint and chocolate chips, in a crepe shaped cone. Very good meal for $32 a couple. Highly recommend you check them out on Tuesday evenings for the deal. * Get a reservation though, it was packed at our 7:30 reservation time until about 9:30ish - and rightfully so.Great place to enjoy good company and a meal. "Speak Easy" kind of vibe, friendly wait staff and very attentive. Take your friends, your parents, your grandparents - it's a good vibe for all.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,1/25/2010,41,188,3,5,4>There was so much good food a this buffet that I almost ate myself into a food induced coma. The kalbi, sushi, veggie tempura, and some spicy dishes (wish they had labels) made me feel drowsy on the way home but it was so satisfying to eat.The price of the buffet is a bit on the spendy side but the quality of the buffet is 1st rate.  Can't say the same thing for the service. Might as well have a self serve drink station at the buffet because refills never came. Plus I asked for packet of sugar, the waitress asked why and I said for my green rice cakes (covered in soybean powder that tasted like dirt) and it must have hit a nerve with the waitress. Got loudly lectured for a minute about how it's only supposed to be slightly sweet and it's not mochi. Even after this talk, I couldn't convince myself to think it was even slightly sweet. The soybean powder still tasted like dirt. So if your a fan of mochi or not used to any rice cakes outside of mochi, stay away from that stuff. Other than my mistake of choosing the rice cakes and the so-so service, the dining experience was great. In the end it's all about the food! 5 stars!On a side note: The bibimbap was so crispy it was freakin' snap crackle poppin the whole time. So if you're worried about it not being "crispy", don't worry. The bottom was burnt! Can't say what it tasted like because I was too busy stuffin' my face with sushi.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,1/24/2010,85,193,2,5,3>Just got back from McCoys. I had happy hour and dinner there with a coworker and her friend. I can't believe the outstanding service. She was amazing. I wish I could  remember her name. And just to let you know how great of a service it was, I wanna share this one little thing she did and I don't know why but this attention to detail really makes me weak in the knees. So I was eating my house salad when I accidentally knocked a few lettuce leaves off my plate as she was passing by and so she picked it up with her bare hands!!Anyway McCoy's has a pretty decent Happy Hour, but honestly, I still think it was pricey. I tried their ace pear cider and I thought it was amazing. It was a very sweet drink, especially for a beer. The Mediterranian trio was nothing special. I've had way better hummus dips elsewhere. Their cosmo was strong. This is sad but I think I got drunk off one drink. I had the mac n cheese with chicken for dinner and it was to die for! It was so creamy and delicious. Regretting I ever ordered mac n cheese, now I need to go run for 10 miles. (yeah, right!)I don't know. I think this place deserves 3 stars because it just got really loud in there around dinner time and I thought they need to lower their happy hour prices. It was a very crowded place but because we had such a friendly service, I'm giving this place 4 stars.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,1/23/2010,10,73,3,4,4>This is by far my favorite theater.  I don't go here nearly often enough.I like that the prices are good, the popcorn is good and they play a great line up of films and that it isn't owned by a large corporation.  They know the neighborhood and they know how to run a movie theater.I also like that it has such a traditional, local feel. My grampa grew up going here.  And when I say "going to" I don't mean "paying for".  Grampa, RIP, had lots of stories about how to best sneak into the place.  I can't say I've tried any of his tips... this place is too cheap to sneak into!If you are on Facebook, sign up to be their "fan" and you will get a weekly note about the upcoming films.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,1/22/2010,186,185,1,7,4>Heidi's is a real gem on the TC gastronome scene.We visited Heidi's for a special occasion. My fellow Yelpers have awarded Heidi with some solid reviews and Yelp never fails me (96% of the time). I must say, Heidi's exceeded expectations.We arrived around 5:45 for a dinner, knowing we needed to be at the Guthrie at 7:30 PM. We arrived to a fairly empty restaurant, expected for an early dinner.Atmosphere: Quaint little place. Heidi's maintains the look and feel of its previous tenants. We were seated in a perfect table, next to a big bay window. The best table in the house by far. Service was excellent, as we were given great recommendations and waited on by several waiters/waittresses throughout our meal. Food:We wanted to see what Chef Steward Woodman had in his portfolio so we opted for the 7 course tasting menu, a steal at $69.001) Beet sorbet on puffed rice, stewed mustard greens - This dish was definitely the most adventurous dish of the night but it shows Chef Woodman's true colors. The dish was bright with great contrast between flavor and texture. While I wouldn't order this again, it was a nice start to the meal.2) Foie Gras Brule, garam masala yogurt cake with butternut squash and ginger sauce-An indian inspired pastry, the Foie gras brule was very tasty, sweet and savory at the same time. Also very vibrant with the butternut squash sauce.3) Pappardelle with Black Truffles in Olive Oil and Parmesan Cheese - A masterful dish, the home made pappardelle was light yet super flavorful. The Olive Oil was said to be very rare and more flavorful than usual OO and they were right. That paired with the Parmesan cheese was just delicious. One of the strongest courses of the night.4) Steamed scottish salmon, blue crab filling with sage foam -Nothing Chef Woodman has served has been terribly heavy so far and this dish was no exception. By steaming the salmon, each bite was light on your palette and the blue crab with sage foam was a nice pairing.5) Braised lamb with Asian cabbage -Another star, the braised lamb was amazing. Fall off the bone tender, the lamb was rich with a soy asian-inspired sauce. One of the best dishes of the night.6) A trio of desserts - warm chocolate cake, coconut tapioca drink, and..something else.By this time, we were so stuffed there was barely any room to eat dessert but the desserts contrasted each other in texture, with the chocolate cake heavy compared to the tapioca drink. There was a third dessert which I don't remember...which says something.7) Five Cheeses with crusty bread and mango garnish.By this time, we needed to rush out the door. Our waitress kindly boxed up our five different types of Cheese. We tried the cheeses at home (brie, blue cheese, parmesan were amongst those featured) and all were fairly strong in flavor.Overall: We have had several tasting menus, from the Local La Belle Vie to Alan Wong's in Honolulu and this was one of the best we've had as an exceptional price.Tasting Menu rating: 10/10Heidi's exceeded our expectations. The soul of the restaurant was obvious, very meticulous and strong attention to detail yet artistic and creative. For those interested in a palette pleasure, you should come prepared with heightened senses and an empty stomach.Overall: 10/10Would we come back? Heck yea. With the tasting menu already experienced, I'd recommend you opt for the lamb shank with the pappardelle side. You won't regret it.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/20/2010,51,96,5,5,4>Despite having short hair, I don't go to a regular person even though A) I should and B) I need to, for maintenance. The majority of my hair cutting is on a whim and dependent on Price or Proxmity. It was no different this time, except both Jon Oulman and Moxie were closed and I was too lazy to wait 20 minutes for Aveda Inst. to pick up. So I found Juut and I've heard pretty decent things. I was able to score a same day appointment with a stylist who I had already creepily looked up the profile for on the Juut website. I showed up and I was offered a comfy seat and some Peace Coffee with soy milk. Though it was tepid and there was a bratty little girl screeching and running around, it was fine. I was met by Ann F., the stylist I had an appointment for and led to the stations which were pretty bare. The haircut came with a complimentery pressure point massage which was kind of awkward since it didn't really do anything, but the oil smelled nice. I pulled out the photo of the haircut I wanted, which was no different than what I had now, except it didn't look like a rabid squirrel had died on my head. Half an hour later I walked out with a cute hair cut but $45 + tip poorer. But bang and neck trims are complimentary, so I guess if I go twice for trims, then it averages to $15 bucks a visit which isn't too shabby.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,1/19/2010,77,572,4,5,4>Um,Nom.Nom.Nom.It's a proper neighborhood ice cream shop - sullen teens taking your order and scooping out the goods, dingy old wooden subfloor as actual floor, kiddie play room, brightly colored walls, and those heavy old cast iron cafe tables and chairs out front. We went at 10P on a Friday night in April, which means it was about 40 outside. That did not deter some {fool}hardy youngsters from hanging out and noshing on their cones outside. I shall return in July and do the same.Hadn't even heard of it (must have missed the recent ROTD). I didn't even know that a Throwdown had taken place here (I loves me some Bobby Flay Throwdowns). But I'm glad I was able to pull the beak out of the sand and find out about this place.Ice cream is rich, creamy, full of small chunks of goodness, made with solar power...soy cream is perfection. The teeny tiny Izzy scoop of banana was in fact my favorite flavor.Of course, I paid for it afterward as I suffer from horrific lactose intolerance, but that's certainly not their fault :P
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,1/18/2010,65,260,3,6,7>5 stars for 5 reasons1. Its super cute to be honest, it's a total throw back and a renovated retro gas station.  2. They support your pooch.  They have doggy ice cream treats, which are specifically for dogs so they can enjoy and not get sick.  And their water fountain outside has a small basin at the bottom for a doggie water fountain!  3. The interior décor is awesome, old pinball, glitter vinyl, and iconic advertisements.4. They have a sprinkles machine!  It is a ferris wheel contraption that delivers the perfect even coat of rainbow sprinkles5. They have REALLY good custard!.My boyfriend had never been to a custard place, absurd right!?  So it took him a little long to understand that they only have 1 flavor of the day.  Though sometimes I've seen up to 3 on the board.  Most of the leftovers from the previous day are packed and available for purchase by the pint.  They have an outdoor billboard so you can spot the flavors before you stop.  And if the flavor of the day doesn't trip your trigger you can opt for trusty vanilla or chocolate.Their chocolate malts are like concrete mixture and you get a massive amount of ice-cream malty-ness for you money.  I prefer the turtle Sunday which is a mountain of chocolate pecan caramel heaven!  They do have burgers, hotdogs, soups, sandwiches and chili ... but I'm usually so full of ice cream I've never tried them.  Visit Liberty and bring your dog :)
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,1/17/2010,102,347,5,6,6>One of my only complaints about this bar is that, for whatever reason, cab drivers never know how to get here.  Twice I've checked my phone after a long night out to see the Otter Stop on my iPhone's Maps application.  Come on, Minneapolis cabbies.Anyway, onto the review.  The drinks are small (but good).  Getting in the queue takes forever.  The karaoke jockey (heretofore referred to as the "KJ") is sassy and stands too close when you sing.  And yet, I love the place.Why would anyone love a place like this?  Two words - No Diggity.  The Otter Stop has, hands down, the craziest, funniest, most comprehensive karaoke selection in the city.  I love me some karaoke, and this selection surely bests my other favorite, the Country Bar, and my most hated bar, Grumpy's (see my reviews for more karaoke details).Like I said, the KJ stands too close, and it takes so, so, so long to sing your song (you really only get 1, and you're definitely there for at least 90 minutes before that) - but, there's also a White Castle across the street if you're interested in being the drunkest person at White Castle (easier than it sounds).  All in all - 4 stars.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,1/16/2010,35,41,3,12,9>I still really like French Meadow (especially the Tempeh Cutlet), but I do wish they had more vegan options.  What they DO have is great, but variety is the spice of life, no?Also, it ticks me off that they don't have vegan butter.  I mean, they obviously want to cater to the vegan crowd because they have several vegan entrees, several vegan brunch & appetizer options, they have soy milk for lattes, vegan desserts, AND they have a vegan special every night.  However, if you get the vegan pancakes or toast, expect to get them dry because they don't have nondairy butter.  It's not a deal breaker for me, obviously, but it's just kind of stupid, in my opinion.  Their Blueberry Corn Pancakes (vegan) are delicious - but who eats pancakes without butter?!  Vegans need it, too.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,12/16/2009,42,213,2,5,4>It was actually a neighborhood pub, which was really pleasant - especially when the whole world is chains and/or super-sized.I went with the Blucy, my boyfriend went with the Cajun.  Our burgers were moist, cooked properly, and a manageable size.  That's not to say that we left feeling as light as feathers, but I didn't feel like I wanted to die either.  Finding the middle ground is key.The tots were delicious (I am a huge proponent of tots) and the table next to us dined on the fried green beans which also looked tasty (Mind you, I'm pretty sure that all things at this place are).  I didn't have anything to drink but, they had an impressive selection of tap beers.We came for lunch on a Sunday and rolled in at about 11:45 - there were still a few tables left.  When we left at 12:30 though, it was packed.I would definitely like to come again to try a few other things on their menu - a girl can only do so much "deep fried" or grease in one day.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,12/15/2009,39,332,5,10,5>For the last 5 years of my life I have paid for maybe one or 2 haircuts.  Besides those I have cut it myself in the mirror with a pair of Friskars scissors, I think that might be one of the finest brand names ever.I was going along all happy and content until a little lady entered my life and changed my viewpoint on haircuts.   Now I am happy to say I go see Thomas at Jon English Salon.  The salon is very nice on the inside and Thomas is a great stylist.  I was very skeptical at first of someone else cutting my hair but he made the right move and said for cutting myself for so long that I did a very good job.  Looking back I'm assuming he was lying and just wanted to get on my good side and to that I will say "Well played sir, well played..."
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,12/14/2009,441,746,9,7,10>The doors are enormous.On my way back from Ruam Mit, leftovers in hand I decided to try my hand.wonderful and quiet inside.I felt a bit strange carrying my thai in there, but had no choice.I was totally compelled to visit, and am glad I did!I don't go into many churches, unless in Europe.  Then we are all gaga over the history.  Well, it is time for a little staycation!Get out there and visit your churches.  They are magnificent.  And old.  and best of all?FREE.  (unless you light the candles)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,12/13/2009,155,803,4,3,3>It was my 21st birthday and The Muffs (My favorite band) were opening up for Veruca Salt.I drove up with a couple of buddies from Rochester, MN to see the show and The Muffs were awesome as always (I have seen them 3 times and each time has been great.)During Veruca Salt I went up to the bar and got a free bottle of champagne and split it with my friends.  Then happiness occurred.The Muffs came upstairs and we bought Roy the drummer a vodka/cranberry.  We hung out with the band for about 20 minutes and The Muffs were as cool as I thought they would be.What a great 21st birthday!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,12/12/2009,274,290,14,13,12>Ethiopian is hard to come by back in the 'burbs where my family lives. My mom once asked in jest, "Ethiopian food? what's that - dinosaur?" illustrating just the kind of thing that the hermano has to deal with there. So I knew I had to take him to get some tasty Ethiopian during his visit.My only experience with Ethiopian in the Twin Cities was at Red Sea on the West Bank, near the U....please do not let that be your only reference for this cuisine. With such a large African immigrant community here, I knew there was something I was missing. And that something was Fasika.The. Best. Ethiopian. EVER.Deep, complex spices permeate every morsel, leaving you with the impression that the ingredients have been simmering on the stove for hours and hours. If you've never had Ethiopian before, fear not. If you like Flavor (capital F for emphasis), then I implore you to give it a try. Your utensil is the tangy, perfectly spongy injera, with the structural integrity to sop up the saucy bits without the entire thing falling apart in your hands.Which brings up an important point. Ethiopian is best shared with someone whose personal hygiene you trust and with whom you can eat like a sloppy fool. I am convinced that the man I am going to marry must pass the Ethiopian meal test (among other things). That means 1) you must love what we're eating, and 2) we will have fun in the process (which doesn't necessarily mean that you must eat gracefully, just that you have the open-mindedness to totally GO FOR IT). Preferably, you are also not my brother.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/11/2009,147,345,3,9,9>This store is charming! Just down the stairs from Nina's it is a lovely little den of books. The clerk I talked to was sweet as pie and helpful. When I walked up and said I was looking for a book called "The brief and wondrous life of some guy....pulizer prize winner...blah blah blah...." they new exactly what I wanted and showed me where the book was and put a copy in my hand. LOVE IT! And the lady who helped me appreciated all my hand-knit gear and showed me to the knitting books. Their selection of knitting books was small - but eclectic enough that I saw a few that I pulled off the shelf and had to have a closer looksy. I have to agree with Kevin - this tiny store packs a punch because I saw all sorts of treasures I had a hard time resisting! If you haven't stopped in yet to check them out you really should.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,12/10/2009,223,363,12,5,8>A classmate and I came to drink beer and snack on chicken wings; we had about a dozen wings. I was like, "Do you want any more?" He said he was full, so I was like "Are you sure? It's like $0.25 a wing...""O RLY!???" he exclaimed.We ate like two dozen more wings that evening. The Monday special is like $0.30 a wing now, but it's still not a bad deal.I've been to Taco Tuesday once, and let me tell you, it's like a breadline during the Depression. I guess it's more true in this economic downturn. Very civilized though.  It's not bad, but I would stay away from the meat and just make yourself a bean taco. I love free food, but free meat is just somewhat suspect. Is this the taco meat that even Taco Bell doesn't want?Service is surprisingly good. The servers always seem a little harried but attentive, even when things are busy. I appreciate that. Now that it's warmer, it's nice to hang out on the patio. It's huge.Half-priced appetizers during happy hour, but it's all fried foods. Let me say for the record I do NOT have a problem with tater tots or anything fried. Although Sally's mascot is a creepy anthromorphized squirrel, apparently it used to be a lot creepier, mainly because it had HUGE JUGS. See here - tc.umn.edu/~fayxx001/bin… -  for an example.  I usually just come here for happy hour, since it's close to my building.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,12/9/2009,163,151,4,6,5>This place looks snooty from the outside, but its warm and inviting when you finally sit down.Everything on the menu is good - you'll be please with it all.Killer Happy Hour!   $3 wine (for decent wine too - not crap) plus $4 appetizers (try the caramelized onion, chicken, blue cheese and grape flat bread) - and you can get the Vincent burger for $8, normally $12.By the way, the Vincent burger could make any vegetarian convert to meat whore-dum.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,12/8/2009,38,55,7,6,7>I've always loved D'Amico's on Grand, where one cold, rainy day, looking like the little match girl, I tried the Tuscan Chicken Soup.  Let's just say I remembered that soup.Fast-forward to the opening of the Roseville/HarMar D'Amico's.  More soup. Thick with chicken, tomatoes, zucchini, carrots, celery, onion and pastina (lentil-bean shaped pasta), it's rich, flavorful, and filling; I'd only wish the chicken were a tad less dry or even not there at all.  Having said that, this soup has healing powers.  This is Grandma soup.  Toss in a little parm and fresh ground pepper, bread on the side, or torn up and tossed in (go ahead, have the butter!), and you probably don't need a doctor.While I want the whole world to try this soup--universal health care, anyone?--I can't not mention the Bittersweet Chocolate Brownie.  With nothing but a touch of powdered sugar to tart it up, the focus is on the deep, rich chocolate flavor and the luscious near batter-like texture.  If the soup will heal your physical ailments, the brownie will almost certainly ease any emotional disturbances you find inside yourself.So go already! Grandma's waiting.PS--As a thank you for walking a neighbor's dog for a week, I received a $50 D'Amico gift card.  That's a whole lotta soup!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,12/7/2009,90,194,5,5,4>I finally tried this place after driving by a million times. I was a little under the weather so I wanted some good food, quick, with no fuss. This seemed to fit the bill perfectly. We got the mac & cheese to share to start and it was really good and I am really picky about mac & cheese. I had the grilled chicken club, which was really good, except I think if I have it again, I will ask them to leave off the honey aioli. It got to be too much. My hubby had the burger. It was huge, and looked pretty good, except it looked kind of meat-loafy, which isn't my thing. He agreed that it was a little meat-loafy, but he liked it. I had a chocolate cupcake for desert, and to be honest, it tasted like a Hostess cupcake. White frosting in the middle and all. No joke. Since all the other Yelpers seem to like their bakery, I will try again. The only, and biggest complaint I had about the place is the fact that there were LOUD children running every where! This is not a Chuck E Cheese people! Put a leash on them or something, geez! I realize it's family friendly, but not everyone in the place had little monsters with them. I would have enjoyed this portion of our date night much more if the parents at this place knew how to make their children behave in public. This, of course is not the fault of Yum!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,3/30/2010,20,81,3,5,6>A cute yarn shop located a few blocks away from University.  They had a lovely selection of sock yarn - I had to fight my incredible urge to spend ridiculous amounts of money on it!  A rambunctious knitting group was up front - it looked like a lot of fun, but they were REALLY loud, almost making it difficult to shop in the front room.  I think that just goes with the territory, I think that it's awesome that they have meetups (can't wait to figure out the schedule and join in!), but it took away some of the serenity found in petting random skeins and thinking about things you could make with them.I'd definitely go out of my way to go here again - sock yarn!  Wow!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,3/29/2010,102,126,,5,4>The Sample Room feels like a hidden gem tucked along the riverfront in NE.  Exposed brick walls, pressed tin ceiling and candle lit tables give everyone a happy glow.  And who doesn't love to sample?  I do!Choose a little of this & that from the small plates menu.  We enjoyed Camembert with caramelized onions, meatloaf (the hubby's choice), scallops (delish) and veggie torte.  For "dessert" we had warm goat cheese with oven roasted tomatoes.  Pair this with a 1/2 price bottles of wine and life is good.  A+ for the wait staff too!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,3/28/2010,109,162,3,3,4>I won't lie. The term "Zombie Den" had me a little nervous. Zombies? Me? Will I be nervous? Will I enjoy my time.Fear not, Yelpers, this place is a great place for any type of patron. The ambiance is very chic, mirrored-like ceilings and oversized booths (get to know your neighbor & share a table!). The staff was very friendly and the drinks were flowing. And, dare I say as a plus, there was some odd vampire inspired porn being played on one of the screens. Made for great entertainment!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,3/27/2010,36,44,3,14,11>Whoever opined that business and politics don't mix, has clearly never been to Schneider Drug. The front of this University Avenue fixture is covered with signs expressing support for various political candidates, all of whom happen to be on the left end of the spectrum; Paul Wellstone, Barack Obama, and Al Franken, to name a few. Also prominently placed are quotes from social justice advocates and civil rights leaders, including Martin Luther King, Jr., and Hubert Humphrey. Bold endorsements of a single-payer health system grace the building, too. For years I'd passed this place and was always intrigued. My curiosity grew as I read their ads in the Bridge newspaper. Instead of featuring products, Schneider's always highlighted its owner's vision of a more just, humane society. One day, I stopped in. At the time my pharmacy was in another city, and I'd run out of a prescription while visiting my parents. Assuming that the transaction might be a difficult and time-consuming one, my plan was to take my empty pill bottle to show the pharmacist, see what he or she could do, and then treat myself to lunch, coffee, and a cupcake, at Cupcake down the street. But to my surprise, Tom Sengupta, a pharmacist who purchased the store in the early 1970s, came up with an easy and painless solution. I was in and out much more quickly than expected, so still had time to pop into Cupcake. Now if CVS is at one end of a continuum--I won't go into how much I dislike that particular chain!--Schneider Drug is at the other. This is the kind of independently-owned community pharmacy that, unfortunately, is relatively few and far between these days. Because of my first, very positive experience there, I've been back, and everyone I've encountered has been friendly and helpful. These are the kinds of qualities that make it seem like a small town pharmacy. What makes it stand out, though, is that its politics don't stop at the door. Political greeting cards and books are a significant part of the mix of merchandise at Schneider's. While I waited for my order, I glanced over to see a display of Harry Boyte's latest book, this one on the topic of civic activism. There was no time to actually peruse the book, however, because I was in the midst of a conversation that provided a few tidbits of Sengupta's history--he described hearing Martin Luther King, Jr. speak, and being in Washington, DC during the uprising that followed the civil rights leader's assassination. What I didn't realize until later is that the store hosts regular town forums on social and political issues. Apparently notable figures like the late, great Paul Wellstone, Walter Mondale, and Al Franken have been known to show up. I've yet to attend, but look forward to the experience. I also look forward to hearing more of Sengupta's life story. So do business and politics really not mix? Tom Sengupta's success at establishing and maintaining a loyal clientele would seem to offer a strong counterargument to that old adage.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,3/26/2010,23,227,,7,4>I *love* this farmers market.-Local produce - Every stand is a real local farm and everything is grown within a certain distance of St Paul.  And, the stands aren't allowed to resell things they bought wholesale.-Convenient Design - The market covers one city block and the stands are set up leaving large aisles.  This is perfect for me - I take one pass around checking out each stand, then a second pass to purchase.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,3/25/2010,240,322,3,14,8>Why you should become a member:1. $80 for a one-time membership (you're buying stocks). Also payable in instalments. 2. Membership gets you 'members only' prices on specific items, displayed prominently.3. Member discounts every two months up to $45.4. Percentage of store profit back to you based on your total spending.plus other benefits.You can sell your shares back to them if you decide to leave.PS - Get a headstart on your political ambitions by running for Board elections too!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,3/24/2010,140,449,3,5,4>Afternoon hunger quelched by their Farmer's Omelette with toast on the side for about $7.50.  Inside consisted of potatoes, ham and spinach, and maybe onion.  Then a lot of cheese melted on top.  Nice little cup of salsa fresca.  Tasty, satisfying, and hot - good thing for me on May 16, when it was quite cold and blustery outside all morning and afternoon.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,3/23/2010,155,803,3,4,3>Is that a tin can??? Chomp!!!! I had so much goat curry at the lunch buffet, I am still full 5 hours later.The service is fantastic, as they refilled my soda before I was even done half the time.For ten bucks, the Sunday lunch buffet was awesome, some beef curry, great okra dish, lots of naan and I tried some daal.My wife got the naan with peas and potatoes in it and she said she could live on that alone.There was a pretty good crowd filtering in around noon and it was like everyone knew of this secret Indian place out of the way that has a great lunch buffet.It was funny to hear the Indian guys that were the waiters speaking Spanish to the cooks though.  Que paso, Senor?!  Funny stuff.Plus a little kid ran out of the bathroom and yelled at the top of his lungs to his mom, "I went pee!!!!"
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,3/22/2010,40,119,6,3,4>I got a library card in January. I haven't had one since I was a wee babe. I think taking 9 years to finish my bachelor's ruined my desire to read for awhile. But now I'm back in the game and holy moly, things have changed. You can do everything on line. The nice librarians will put your requests aside for you so you don't even have to search for anything. They have Cd's and DVDs. I'm pretty much an addict now. Plus, I'm pretty sure they must have free porn too because the computers are always packed with people.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,3/21/2010,38,91,,4,4>I have been visiting Wally's for a decade now.  Fantastic roast beef sandwiches, bbq, some of the soups.  Their blue plate special is great along with the BLT's.  Today I tried the Philly, it was good but, the cheese was um what seemed like cheese whiz (or such), otherwise everything else on the sandwich was good.  My favorites are the roast beef either with Au Jus or Horseradish.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,7/20/2014,29,131,1,7,6>This place is absolutely delicious. We're really excited to get more and more restaurants in the area and so we checked it out and had the ranch plate and the wings. The ranch plate lives up to the price and gives a ton of meat, accoutrements and sides. The woman helping us (who I assume owns it) was very sweet and gave us some mini donuts which were some of the best donuts ever. Loved them. The restaurant runs counter/half full service style so there is someone filling waters and clearing tables but you do order at the counter. Definitely a good place to go if you want to grab a bite and don't want or need full on service. It was a great place for us to have a quick but great dinner.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/19/2014,114,185,3,6,3>This store opened in early October 2013 and it seemed packed during its grand opening week. What I liked right off the bat was that this store hired a couple of male employees -- I don't think I see this often for an all-women's apparel store. Even more impressive was that these men looked excited when they talked about the denim, fabric, colors, textures, and cuts of different apparel!If you wanted, you could go into Madewell, try on a bunch of clothes, and have 2-3 employees critique your outfits. And they don't seem to mind if you walk out of the store without a purchase. Workers at Madewell (S. Mpls & MOA) look like they love their work, the fashion industry, their company, and helping people look good. That's how I can tell that this store has top-notch employees and managers. Well done, Madewell.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,7/18/2014,30,53,3,6,5>This is the kind of establishment that you can grab a drink with your friends, study for a midterm, catch up with your dad, type a paper on their patio in the spring, or buy a beer for the studly guy you're trying to get handsy with. To guarantee your satisfaction, I tested all of these scenarios on your behalf and Stub and Herb's never let me down. It is in a prime location and the noise level is tolerable when there isn't a major event going down. They have pretty good deals on drinks and food during happy hour. The tap list has a nice mix of quality and familiarity. The food is a couple steps above your average pub (see: juicy, salty, hangover-fighting breakfast burger and the nearly-epic mountain of nachos). The service can get a little slow sometimes but I really can't not like this place.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,7/17/2014,30,109,1,6,5>I think of the Bulldog as more of a bar so I was pleasantly surprised at how good their food was. I ordered the chicken sandwich which I thought was huge! It tasted great but a little on the sloppy side. It comes with chips but if you want to substitute something its an additional charge. The beer selection is great, its always great to go to a place like this and try something new. They could manage to turn the lights up just a bit, some older eyes could have trouble reading the menu. I also noticed they had a shuffle board table which you don't see around too often. I'll be back to challenge my buddies.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,7/16/2014,14,55,3,6,4>This is what you do. 1. Show up during happy hour2. Pick one of their 20+ tap beers for $3 3. Repeat step 2 desired amount of times4.Order the Buffalo Chicken Wontons, and maybe some bacon wrapped shrimp at $3 off menu price.  5. Wonder why you don't come here every day because this is one bomb a&& happy hour6. Repeat as often as you canThe end.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/15/2014,86,304,5,8,4>There was a time in my life where I had the self-discipline to cycle off my coffee habit from time to time to let my nervous system heal. During that golden age, I'd get back into tea for a few weeks of puerh or green or earl grey tea and enjoy the sweet focus you get without the strung-out jag hand-shake of coffee. Now, I'll admit, I'm full-on addicted to coffee and rarely take the time to bother with tea. But this place opened up so close to my house that I couldn't resist. And I'm glad I didn't.This spot is awesome. It's a quiet, restful, light-filled space that's been arranged to provide for cozy conversations and relaxing dalliances into the world of tea- part of the drink's culture that you forget about when your usual coffee spot involves a dozen laptops, furious typing, and caffeine-fueled-rapid-fire conversation. The baristas- tea experts? tea guides?- are so earnest they'll break your heart. Show them the slightest interest in tea and they are off like a shot, eager to discuss the complexities, blends, smells, flavors, and effects of their teas like true connoisseurs. How this place managed to hire several 20-something men who are DYING to talk to you about the level buzz they get from puerh 10-year tea is a piece of magic only Verdant owners know, but they are freaking great at what they do and managed to sell me on a gram of the stuff.This has become one of my favorite evening friend-meeting spots- fairly inexpensive, nicely quiet, relaxing, and unique, I'm truly delighted Verdant popped up in my neighborhood. The fact is, when you don't drink booze there really aren't many hangout spots for the evenings- who wants to drink coffee at 8pm?- so this has become a welcome go-to.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,7/14/2014,102,102,5,7,3>So much food at this place, I can hardly stand it!I've lived less than 5 miles from this restaurant for almost 10 years. Sadly, I just finally visited. I was under the impression that they only served breakfast (I'm not sure why- but we all know what happens when you ASSume!)Anyhow, their menu is HUGE. And much more fresh and complex than I though it would be. We went for breakfast, and it was delicious. Because I'm not at all a morning person, I can't remember exactly what I ate, but I'm reasonably confident it was eggs Benedict with hash browns for me, and French Toast for The Man.It was delicious, but what I remember the most from that visit is being extremely angry that it was breakfast time, because the dinner menu looked amazing...Me- screw it. I want a sloppy joe. Ooo! Or maybe the poached pear salad! Ooo! Ooo! POT ROAST! Doesn't that sound amazing? The Man- it's 7:30 AM. Just order your eggs Benedict like you always do.Me- but, mashed potatoes! And French Onion Soup? Doesn't that mean ANYTHING to you?The Man- we can come back you know, we live like 5 minutes away.Me- *pout-ily orders eggs benedict*I'll have to update when we go for lunch/dinner.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/13/2014,108,154,1,6,6>I really like it here, as every time has been eventful, and truly fun.  Each time has been filled with delicious drinks, mood lighting, and some sort of a celebration!1. My gal pals and I sat next to Josh Harnett once.  Obviously this makes this place cooler, as when in Minneapolis can you spot celebs?2. I love the ambiance and the decor here, making for the ultimate cozy place. It's hidden away too, so it's never too crowded inside.3.  Their craft cocktails are divine.  A recent favorite is their Spicy N'Stormy.  A delightful combination of homemade ginger beer & spiced rum.4.  They have a limited menu downstairs, yet they do offer light snacks & munchies.  My girlfriends and I split the Popcorn, with bacon & pineapple, and it was crazy delicious.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/12/2014,20,171,3,5,3>I'm the type of person who likes to try on their workout clothes (especially expensive, high quality workout clothes).  I've been lusting after the Athleta catalogue since 2011 but having an actual store is pretty nice. I like the sales people in the store. They are helpful and knowledgeable but not super pushy. The selection is good, but sometimes they don't have catalogue selections in stock.  The quality of clothes is very good. I've only bought one pair of leggings for barre. The material and fit is to die for. I have no idea how they will hold up a year from now, but they seemed like a great buy at the time. (They were on sale!) They return things without asking tons of dumb questions or interrogating you. One of the only drawbacks is that this place can be super busy on weekends and holidays. You can park for free at the ramp across the street.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,7/11/2014,77,159,3,13,6>This has to be one of my favorite date night spots in the Twin Cities and as a regular participant in Restaurant Week my love for a deal and my desire for Mediterranean food become one! Saffron is so perfect for a date because the second you walk in the door you can feel the cool, relaxed ambiance. We were lucky enough to be seated in a large booth with multiple tables in it, so we could sit side by side amongst a variety of decorative pillows.The cocktails here are fantastic, we knew to go early to grab a drink before dinner after our very first visit. My favorite is the Saffron Rose which is citrusy and light, perfect for sipping for an evening. I've also had their blackberry Old Fashioned which is very good as well. Lord help me if I ever discover their happy hour.Saffron has some great selection on their Restaurant Week menu, but we always end up straying and ordering even more off the regular menu. We've had the hummus platter which is delicious, but perhaps a bit too much hummus for just two people who also intend to order an entree, probably perfect for a dish with cocktails though. We have also tried their haloumi and fig appetizer. The smokey cheese paired with the sweet fig was delightful. We then each had their lobster bisque which is  not truly soup, but rather a few pieces of tender lobster with crunchy parsnips over a very creamy sauce. We then had entrees of  lamb over orzo and a fish stew with a tomato base. The lamb is very good, absolutely my recommendation. The stew was good, but  didn't standout amongst the other flavors of the evening. For dessert we ordered both options which included a banana cake with its typical companions of peanut butter and chocolate, but also curry which I thought made it very interesting. The other option was a vanilla panna cotta with pomegranate and ginger.Perhaps what I loved most about the evening was the service. I was so impressed with our waiter and even our busser who were incredibly attentive to our water glasses and even the crumbs on the table. I really appreciate when service treats us just as well as someone who comes in without regard to the price of items on the menu.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,5/28/2012,56,105,3,5,5>Yum. Excellent and unique flavors! It looks like they order the ice cream from WI, who I hate to give props to, but, Go Wisconsin!I can't remember the name of mine, something skippy, what I can remember is that it was SO divine, I couldn't get it out of my mind and had to go back the next day for a fix. It had peanut butter ice cream, brownie chunks (hell yes), pretzels and choco bits. Hallelujah, I have found a winning combination.The prices were very reasonable at $3 and the location can't be beat.Tip-they are modeled after an old fashioned soda shop and are full of retro candies, they might even have those awesome mini wax bottles that have juice in them. Please tell me you know what I'm talking about...
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,5/27/2012,50,117,5,6,5>You remember those old cartoons, where the aroma from some food item would manifest itself into a pair of claws, hooking itself into the protagonist's nostrils? That's exactly what happened to me on Friday as I removed the foil from my Ultimate Pita from Aida.The Ultimate Pita is the sandwich from heaven: a pita stuffed with steak shawarma and gyro meat, hummus, tabouleh, olives, feta cheese, and yogurt-cucumber sauce (tzatziki). All those flavors and textures worked together to transform me into a primitive, moaning version of myself. I'm ashamed to admit that I even slurped the remaining liquid from the foil after the sandwich disappeared.I love Greek/Mediterranean food, but these flavors are a bit... different from what I'm used to. The flavor of the gyro meat was miles away from all the gyros I've ever had before: complex, subtly spicy, somehow more wholesome. I'm getting my booty back to Aida the first chance I get. This is the best thing to happen to Richfield since Tii Cup.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,5/26/2012,203,560,3,5,5>Raw oysters are among my most favorite foods.  Some of the best oysters (and clams) I have consumed of late have been at Meritage.  But was Meritage really the source of the BEST raw shellfish in town?  There was only one way to find out.In one lovely, glorious, gluttonous weekend we sampled the contenders.  And though the oysters at Sea Change and Oceanaire are very good, they are almost but not quite as good as what Chef Klein is serving at Meritage.  And so, without further ado, I award the Oyster Crown to the St. Paul contender.  Meritage offers the widest selection of expertly shucked oysters, PLUS raw clams PLUS bonus seafood (whelks, stone crab, etc), PLUS a lovely marble bar at which to enjoy this goodness, PLUS a great happy hour that includes oyster deals.  Just leave some room for me at the oyster bar, OK?
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,5/25/2012,441,746,19,6,3>Warning. It's loud in here. Another warning. They have house made cheeze-its. Or is it cheese-its? Either way they are house made. And seem to be held together with air and butter and love. It must be the love that makes them crisp, although some of their shapes are like the found tooth of a saber toothed tiger, or like a weapon you would find buried in the snow next to a frozen man wearing animal skins. But mind you, these are tasty and they are free and they come before your meal, maybe with your drink.I got the burger and ordered it medium as it should be and I bit into it and out came a neck puncture of hot bloody grease (spoiler. if you are a vegan, you should have stopped reading by now) that sprayed my hand and wrist. The turkey burger was better, but by no fault of the beef burger - the turkey burger just has whipped feta, and if you've never whipped feta before, let me tell you, you will have to start whipping the feta right now. I mean it. Go to your fridge and take out your feta and beat the living shit out of it. Then put it on other foods and eat it. You'll be happy.Can I talk about the fries? I think they have a keebler elf in the back with a very small knife who sits an chops up the fries. The pieces are really really small. Real Small. Like that boyfriend you feel bad for small. Like, eat them with a fork after pushing them all into your catsup small.After all that, I like Pat. I like her Tap. I just wish they would fire the elf making the fries and do something about the conversation stopping volume of noise in there. Soundproof menus? yeah. That's the answer right there.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,5/24/2012,27,48,2,8,3>LOVE this salon. Not only is it affordable but they are all about customer service. I had to reschedule my appointment a few times and there was no problem, they are very accomodating and welcoming.I have gotten an eyebrow wax ($15 bucks!! I think) and it was done very well. Also got a hair cut by Rachel which ended up costing me $24 because first time guests get 20% off. Beside the afforable costs here it's also high quality. They use Bumble and Bumble products, there's no rush at all, great feel inside the salon and both services I had were high quality.Also, they have adorable purses, jewelry, scarves, etc which makes the experience that much more enjoyable. I'd highly highly recommend Tease to anyone.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/23/2012,41,95,7,8,6>Serious, explosive Snickerdoodle SWAG! Yeah, that's right. I went there. And I'm very particular about my snickerdoodles. Can't be too hard, too floury, too tastes-like-corn-syrup (why do people add c.s. to cookies? It tases like crap). I've only ever liked my own snickerdoodles. The Cookie Cart has changed my world view. And talk about local - THIS is local. Not only are you buying from a local non-profit (yep, feel good about eating cookies) but the product is SO much better than any other non-local product that you don't have to forego quality like at some local places I won't mention. Go out of your way to get their cookies. Move to the neighborhood, start working a few blocks away like I did, do what it takes. Oh wait, they deliver. But still - go there. Northside isn't scary, it just has personality. In fact, Cookie Cart is about 2 blocks away from Hook Fish and Chicken AND Olympic Cafe. . . dinner and dessert? Cookie Cart, you make me happy. So, so happy. I have faith in the world again.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,5/22/2012,28,70,3,3,2>I drive by Uncle Franky's allllll the time and had never stopped in. Well, today I was damn ready to change that! Headed over with my mom and bro and was pleasantly surprised by the parking lot and outdoor seating that I hadn't noticed before. After pouring over the many options on their chalkboard I decided on a hot dog (I mean, c'mon. It's called Uncle Franky's), my bro got a cheeseburger, and my mom had a chicken sandwich. Vegetarians we are not. The girl at the cash register was very sweet and patient despite our indecisiveness. She even gave us some helpful suggestions (get a large fry to share! It's plenty). The dog was good but I wouldn't call myself a hot dog aficionado by any means. That being said, I didn't feel like I was chowing down on a tube of pink mystery meat which was a plus and the poppyseed bun was better than average. Ya know how sometimes you'll be eating a hot dog and the bun to dog ratio just sucks? Not here. The BBQ sauce was different than anything I've tasted before. Can't say I was a fan but that's what I get for pouring it all over my lunch instead of trying it first :). The cheeseburger was alright. Greasy. I've had better BUT for the price it was decent and my picky brother was satisfied. Crinkle fries. Let me talk for a moment about crinkle fries. I don't like 'em...usually. Maybe I'm being fry-ist by saying that based solely on the shape but give me waffle fries or plain, straight ones any day over those crinkly disasters. Uncle Franky's is the exception. They're thicker and not loaded with salt. Awesome. Let me decide for myself how dehydrated I would like my mouth to feel. The pop is fountain and from a local supplier. I don't drink pop...ever...but I was sneaking sips of the cola and root beer that the mom and bro had ordered. One last thing then I swear I'm done. Usually after I eat a hot dog I feel kinda shitty. But it's worth it cause from time to time, I just want a freakin' hot dog. I felt great after eating this one and that says a lot. I'll definitely be back to try their juicy juicy and philly cheesesteak!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/21/2012,84,275,9,5,3>I'm not surprised to see that I'm not the first one to give the impound lot a top star review. I know it sucks to get your car towed, but here they make your experience of retrieving the car if not enjoyable, at least painless.I got my car towed for parking too close to a driveway. As with almost all traffic violation sanctions, it was totally my fault. I thought it was a bit harsh to tow me as I was not blocking the driveway by any means, but as I said totally my fault.After figuring out my car had been impounded I called the lot and a very nice guy found the car (actually my BF's car) even if I only knew the first 3 letters of the plate and I had no clue what the VIN number could be. He told me I could not get the car without a notarized statement from said BF and that I could get it anytime before 10PM.I checked the (very informative) website to figure out where the lot was and I found is very conveniently located on the outskirts of downtown, so if you don't find a driver taking a bus or a cab are all possible options.I found a driver and my BF and off I went, feeling terribly guilty I had to drag my BF to help me solve a problem I created. I expected long lines, rude employers and astronomical bills.When I got there there was barely any line and it moved super fast. The guy at the counter was efficient, fast and even mildly funny. The bill was expensive, but well below what I expected. And less than 5 minutes later we were out the lot with our car.If I ever get towed again (which I don't really wish), I want the city of Minneapolis to tow me!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,5/20/2012,19,78,2,4,3>This past August, my husband and I moved from Nordeast to Whittier. Night and day, right? I grew up in Southwest Minneapolis and know my way around, but being forcibly torn from my Bulldog NE, Anchor, and beloved Sunday afternoon hangout, 331 made the transition weird and surreal. Short of taking a 30 minute bus ride back to the old neighborhood, I had to face reality and find new places.Like the parent trying to facilitate and foster friendships on your first day of kindegarten, my husband suggested we go to moto-i which we've both wanted to try for a while and is one my best friend's go to places. It was love at first sight.THEY HAVE A ROOFTOP PATIO THAT OVERLOOKS DOWNTOWN AND THEY LET YOU SIT ON IT. A-mazing.The taps during happy hour are nicely priced and practically encourage overindulgence. Even more impressive is that they only do local brews. There were some halcyon days when Surly Hell was on tap. Enough said.The happy hour menu is equally impressive. I always make a point to get the miso soup since 1.) it's tasty and the tofu is fried (thus making it palatable for a non-vegetarian like myself) and, 2.) it's $2. The steamed buns are light, tasty, and a good value. If you're feeling more flush, I've had good experiences with the hanger steak. The chicken wings, while dressed in the sauce with perfect flavor, end up being sticky and extremely small.Service has always been friendly and prompt, but never cloying or obnoxious.I dislike winter, but the arrival of spring will hearken warm days and many sunny Sundays spent on the rooftop at my new best friend.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,5/19/2012,97,67,5,6,3>Cozy yet comfortable, filled with character; you can assume where the name came from. Ventured to this historic NE gem with four friends, pulled up some stools, and enjoyed brunch. Friends enjoyed the affordable Breakfast Buddy sandwich while I enjoyed one of the breakfast combos. The pancake was huge (one is plenty) and oh, so delicious. This place had great breakfast options but also has great rotating daily lunch deals (ie: burger + soup + apple pie = $6.75). Watching your pancake flatten, listening to your bacon sizzle and call your name (tsss.. Randy.. tsss..), and chatting it up with a friendly owner is all I needed for my return visit RSVP.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/7/2012,94,61,12,3,4>Came here and I decided to marry my date.He doesn't know this yet, and I'm not sure he would approve, but what can I say? I was under the influence......of the greatest aphrodisiac known to mankind: truly amazing and creative Italian food.La Grolla is cozy, and the ambiance exudes warmth.  Perfect when it is November in St Paul and everyone over 80 has migrated to anywhere the cardigan they wear can only be attributed to old age and not actually bone chilling ice daggers. Side note: I can't wait to be old and drive a Mercedes.It can be a little cramped near the doorway. I felt like I was in the way of every server, busser and wine bottle (extremely tempting and dangerous for anyone carrying them), but our table was in a quiet corner. Solid wine selection, excellent portion size so neither of us felt like we'd just killed two birds with one stone for Thanksgiving. Our meals were to die for. Champagne cream sauce: what's not to love?The server was incredibly knowledgeable and attentive. Our glasses were never less than half-full and his memory was impeccable.My phone keeps butt-dialing La Grolla now.  I apologize to the poor hostess, but I also think it's a sign.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,6/6/2012,107,41,7,13,10>How cool is this joint??? Seriously cool. Seriously.Take yourself on a journey in the "way back" machine to a glorious time when you were bouncing on your friend's trampoline without a care in the world. Calming, isn't it?Well Sky-Zone is that backyard trampoline on steroids, and it is BAD ASS!!!How bout a massively huge warehouse filled with trampolines? CheckAn area for people 40" and less in height? CheckAn area for adults? CheckTrampolines on the walls? CheckTrampoline dodgeball court? CheckBest of all....Jump on trampoline #1, get big air then hit trampoline #2, get even bigger air while doing a flip and land in a huge foam pit!!  WAY COOL!!!!We went for the 6th birthday of my son's friend and it was a blast. The kids jumped and ran for an hour (sadly it was kids only this time), then we adjourned to a party room while an employee led us in pizza, cake, and presents. Very well run for what you will come to find is highly organized chaos.Hmmmmmm.......I might just have my 38th birthday party here for myself. Party hats included but my aged wisdom says we might want to keep the alcohol till after.Who's in?
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,6/5/2012,58,115,7,6,6>Two bros talking about football while getting a haircut ... say what??!!! That's one of the many reasons I go to Winston's. They also offer a pool table, free coffee and water while you wait for your bro' to finish cutting another bro's hair. The shampoo is on the house, like most places. All this place needs is more big screen TVs and a full bar. They can then change the name to "Man Cave." *grunt* *grunt*Ask for Matt.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/4/2012,26,36,10,4,3>In my shallow dreams of opening my own restaurant (as many have had) I sincerely picture a place like Bon Vie in my minds eye. The small but well optioned menu features some of the best breakfast I've ever had. The only real downside is the layout. If you arrive during a busy time you have only three options for waiting. Stand outside, stand by the bathroom or uncomfortably near the door as you catch glances from the patrons mocking you with their mouths full of delicious pancakes or Eggs Benedict. Curses...Mind you, I haven't been here for dinner or lunch. The breakfast is too good. You know the feeling that you don't want to meet your favorite rock star as the "magic" of their music would be gone? Yes, that's the same reason I don't choose to partake in lunch nor dinner at Bon Vie.Please, do me a favor and do not visit Bon Vie this weekend for brunch as I will require my regular table and I don't want to watch you eat while I wait.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/3/2012,91,344,2,4,3>LOVE IT.Have I really never reviewed this?  I can't believe it!This place is awesome - AND walking distance.  Sun and monday nights are half price wine.Anyways, went there last night for the Morels.  I was drooling after seeing them on the menu - and had to have them.There was a pizza with Morels on it and a pasta.  The pizza crust was perfect and also had asparagus on it - which I loved.  It was more of an olive oil sauce and it was divine.  The pasta was a gnocci w/ the morels and spring peas - oh man - I wanted to lick the bowl clean - the sauce was all kinds of delcious.  And there were good sized pieces of morels in both dishes, so you definitely got what you paid for!!We also tried the trout crostini with a rhubard compote - highly recommend this as well if it's on the menu!!  Tuesday nights is date night - also definitely worth the visit!!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,6/2/2012,42,120,2,3,3>Bangkok Thai Deli in Minneapolis?! It's a dream come true. I fell in love with the original restaurant near St. Paul, but its remote location made it inconvenient to venture there more than once or twice a year. This place is located just down the block on Eat Street.Krung Thep serves the same menu as their sister restaurant, Bangkok Thai Deli. Their menu even says the other restaurant's name on it. Krung Thep has a nicer interior and their tables accommodate fairly large dinner groups (about 5 10-12 top tables).The fried egg rolls and fresh rolls are delicious. They also offer a variety of tasty entrees. My personal favorite is the tom yum coconut soup with the straw mushrooms. Green curry is also very good. For massaman curry lovers, Krungthep's version uses legitimate potatoes, not potato chip/slices that I have had at other restaurants. Medium spice level is pretty hot even for people that enjoy burning their taste buds. Four stars because the service was slow, they were understaffed on a Friday night. Either way, the food is worth the wait.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,6/1/2012,80,75,8,5,8>If Samuel Huntington had had a Leoburger at Shish, he wouldn't have written "The Clash of Civilizations!" I'm not sure how old the cafe is. But it doesn't come to me as a big surprise, if one claims that when Kofi Annan was an undergrad student during the 60s at Macalester College, two blocks away from the Shish, he had a Leoburger for lunch between his classes and the first bite into the burger inspired him to become the seventh Secretary-General of the UN. If you're curious what the mythical Leoburger that has profoundly affected, and I believe keeps affecting, the political thought and activism is, go and try it! Because it can't be adequately described by words. It basically is a half-pound of grilled Angus burger, crowned with a generous amount of gyro meat, topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce, and served with a side of fries and garlic sauce.However, there is more into this combination. It's not only a burger. It actually is a dialogue between two civilizations (Huntington's Western and Islamic civilizations), presented in a bun. More importantly, the result of the interaction between the two civilizations presented in the bun could have not been independently obtainable. There is a synergy at work here that makes you lose faith in mathematics. Because, one plus one does not equal to two here. It's more like 4 or 5. Leoburger is only one among a long list of delicious food. But good food is not the only thing you could expect here. Friendly service is the other thing. Since it's close to Macalster College, it gets super crowded in certain hours of day. In many other busy businesses, we usually anticipate indifferent, hasty service. But at Shish, even during the busiest hours, we've been received very politely by the hard-working staff.  The only negative thing is that their desserts don't impress me that much. They look better than they taste and exactly for that reason, they're hard to resist! I know I won't taste what I see. But I can't resist them. Especially, if I order a pot of cardamom tea or Turkish coffee.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,5/31/2012,43,140,3,4,3>I had to do another update.. so if upgrading once wasn't enough for you then the third time NEEDS to be the charm.If you haven't stopped in yet 1. You're nuts. 2. Keep reading this and my two other fab reviews while you get over there and 3. For the love of god try their wings! Try the burgers (with smoked gouda and caramelized onions)! Try the nachos!  Try the cheese curds! Stanley's has great bar food, but what makes it so great is the homemade touches they put into making the food.  We recently discovered wing Wednesdays, where it seemed like an OK deal but really turned out to be a fantastic deal. You get to dip the wings yourself and they come with the entire wing.  So when you think you're getting 10 small wings, you actually get 10 entire wings equaling 20 small wings.   Also, the bleu cheese dressing is a-ma-zing. I never used to dip my wings in bleu cheese.. I thought that it was a waste of a wing... until I tried it with Stanley's bleu cheese.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.They also have the best nachos I've ever had in a restaurant.  The brisket nachos are awesome.. get extra meat if you can.  But what makes them really special is the white cheese sauce that is drizzled over it.  I know i know.. I've bashed cheese sauce in other reviews; however, this is homemade cheese sauce and it is miraculous.   Believe me.Also, the beers aren't as expensive as they might seem.  We stopped in for a couple of beers and food (nachos) one evening and a 22 oz Nordeast was surprisingly only $5.  See, there is no reason NOT to get your butt over to Stanley's.  Right now.  Don't pay attention to the misleading star number.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,5/30/2012,35,183,1,19,8>Customer service, customer service, customer service...This is where you get it!  No ordinary repair shop here.Jeff and Matt are the desk/phone guys that make sure you understand what they are doing to your car.  (Important to those of us who don't know a thing about cars...)  They are patient, friendly, expert communicators!  How odd for someone like that to work in the automotive field...If your repair is going to be longer than expected, they will give you a ride home, but their lobby is extremely comfortable with leather couches, bookshelves, and games.  It is also tastefully decorated with wallpaper, wainscoting and antiques.   Feels like a nice living room where I feel comfortable curling up on the couch with a book while having my oil changed.  There's also a clean bathroom for guests only and if you get hungry, I'm sure the gas station part of Bona Bros will provide!We have had all our cars serviced and maintained here for over ten years, because most importantly, they have our trust.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,5/29/2012,27,111,5,4,6>Lola, if that is your real name...If you were a cake, and I was fat kid, I would love you like a fat kid loves cake...Actually Lola's her dog's name, but I digress.Came here on a busy Friday night, party of 5, so had to wait maybe 30 minutes...Luckily there's a bar and photo booth to keep us occupied. After screwing around with that, got seated and ate like it was our last meal. We started with the anitpasto plate and beet salad. Both were pretty decent...antipasto had nice variety and the beets were good and light. For pizzas we did a special (sausage/meatball?), lady zaza, and the sunny side. The special was forgettable, but the other two were an experience! Lady zaza had tons of great flavor...sweet, sour, savory...best asian inspired pizza ever...but the star was the sunnyside. It was like a breakfast pizza for the ages. Bread was crispy, and the richness of the runny egg and guanciale (unsmoked bacon) was epic. Frickin' genius...I would definitely come back. I wouldn't necessarily order the lady zaza again. But for the sunnyside...I would punch a kitten to eat that again.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/21/2010,35,92,4,7,4>So, yesterday my window fell into my door.Seriously.  I came out from the bank, saw my window was gone, thought momentarily that someone had robbed me, realized the window had somehow moved to the bottom of the door, and immediately called Parent's.  Because, of course, who wants to drive around in December in Minnesota with no window? They told me to bring it by as soon as I could, and they would fix it.  1 hour later, I had my window back with no damage to the window and little damage to my pocketbook.These guys seem super-honest and do good work.  Highly, highly recommended for someone looking for a good mechanic in Uptown.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2009,12/20/2010,42,213,1,7,5>Lovely!We came here without reservations on a Saturday night during the dinner rush and were, within five minutes seated at the pasta bar (which I didn't know they had?).  This was also a blessing because we had the most charming waitress I have literally, ever been served by.We tried to eat something from each menu section to really get what they were going for here.  While having no descriptions beneath each item made the whole affair a little more confusing, it also eliminated all of the unnecessary noise from the menu and made it easier to just order what you wanted the whole time.  We started with the Ricotta Pizettes which were delicious, but not remarkable.  The Marinated Mushroom Bruschetta was surprising if anything, because there were carrots in it.  My boyfriend doesn't eat carrots so I watched to see if he would painstakingly pick them all out, but nay, he inhaled them.As for the pasta, if you're any sort of adventurer, order the half sizes.  And then try the Calamarata with Raw Tuna.  It is a delightful dish that is served with a spicy bright-orange sauce and cubes of sashimi on top.  If there's one thing I adore, it's being served combinations of sashimi tuna and things that I would never think paring together.  We also ordered the Orecchiette with Braised Rabbit.  Mostly for the novelty of the Rabbit which I have never had.  This dish was a nice contrast to our first pasta dish and kind of felt like a recipe that your family would pass down if people still ate Rabbit with any sort of regularity.We also sampled the soft polenta, which was a savory treat, but didn't really go with anything that we had ordered.  Would recommend it, but would also suggest that you order some meat or fish to go with it.It is already time to go back.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,12/19/2010,53,311,2,2,3>I can't believe how many times I drove past this place without realizing that it was a restaurant.  It wasn't until one day when I was on a long walk with my girlfriend that took us down Eat Street that I realized this place existed.  After taking one look at the place, I knew that someday I would return.  About a month ago, I finally made it here with my girlfriend.  On an appropriately steamy day (which the Summer of 2010 will be rightfully remembered for) we stopped in for dinner.  I ordered a Jamaican Beef Patty for my appetizer and the Jerk Chicken for dinner.  The JBP actually left much to be desired as it seemed to be microwaved.  But appetizers were not what I came here for.  The main dish came out and was huge with a capital H.  After seeing this plate, it was clear that I shouldn't have even bothered with an appetizer.  The jerk chicken was thoroughly seasoned and had a slow cooked essence that made it feel like I was eating in the kitchen of someone's grandma.  It comes accompanied with rice and a vegetable combo that comes straight outta T&T.  One word of caution, as if Jerk spice wasn't hot enough, the hot sauce Harry provides is extremely hot.  It actually took me much longer to finish my meal because my mouth was burning.  So be careful when you squeeze some on.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,12/17/2010,64,85,3,9,6>Woohoo! Real soul food in the TC!I went for the buffet today and really enjoyed tasting the foods I grew up with in MS.  The owner hails from Helena, AR, and I really appreciated the kind service here--it is Southern service, which means leisurely and warm.  Something about the heat down there makes you take your time.  Atmosphere was what you'd expect of a soul food place.I'd have given five stars but one of the beef dishes was a little tough, though the flavor was terrific.  The chicken batter was really great, but a little too much grease flavor for my liking had gotten into it.  I feel like they probably normally execute the chicken better though and will give a second chance.  Still, it was pretty good.  The highlights for me were the collards (which for my palate required a little more salt and some hot sauce, but were delicious), the mac and cheese (REALLY luscious), the yams, the gravy, and the smoked meatloaf.I'd like to return and try the catfish, fried okra, and maybe the ribs, to name a few.  I had some friends try the latter the night before and they enjoyed them.If you want to try Southern soul food, this is an authentic place that delivers the experience.  I recommend it: what it does to your waistline and coronaries, it makes up for in your soul!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,12/16/2010,37,519,2,5,4>I have been dying for someplace to do well in this location.  Vine Street Brewery, Il Vesco Vino, El Patio...and a few others that were too short-term to mention, all apparently failed in this spot.   And IMHO this is the best patio in downtown Saint Paul.  Something has to work, and I hope this is the one that does.  Think your standard burger and malt shop, add a full bar and some twists on the normal burger joint food and that is Burger Moe's.  I had a good lunch there with my wife and kids - the fries are great, and the burgers were good too.  I will totally be back. Good luck Burger Moe's...I hope the curse of this location does not get you as well.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,12/15/2010,62,178,1,6,4>Maybe it's my Ukranian blood but I crave Kramarczuk's.  Often.  Eating a Kramarczuk's just brings back memories of my Grandma's Pirogues and cabbage rolls.  Except, Kramarczuk's cabbage rolls are massive!  They offer cafeteria style ordering and lots of food options!  The dining area is large, so feel free to bring a group!  Kramarczuk's also has a little deli area that sells sausage, meats and desserts to-go.  Perfect spot to grab some food to whip up your own family recipes at home!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,12/14/2010,81,84,4,2,2>You are so pretty, Allee.  My second visit brought tears of joy, and a few of pain, since I'm not qualified, in the wallet department,  to shop here.  But those of you who have a couple extra pennies (or benjamins, whatever) in your pocket, I highly recommend the short trip to Rue St. Paul (Snelling, yo) to buy some ultra-swank French Connection dresses, vintage earrings, and bad-ass 40s-style pumps.  Drop them off at my house when you're done, okay?
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,12/11/2010,8,54,3,9,4>I've brewed here twice now and had great results.  I just brewed my first batch of wine, and it's now sitting for it's required 9 month aging process, and believe me I'm excited to crack those puppies open.I have brewed only one type of beer here, the Smooth Sailing Pale Ale.  It is very similar to the New Belgium Brewery's Fat Tire, however it's a bit smoother in finish.Tips:  you brew a full keg worth of beer when you go, so don't be put off by the prices on their site, so it's good to split it with a friend or two.You usually get like 72 22oz bottles out of your brew, so that's quite a bit of beer!  The bottle will fill a pint glass 1 and 3/4 times, so you get a great value.The first time you go you have to purchase the bottles, and then you can return them so you never have to purchase them.  Frequent brewers brew 10 get the 11th keg free!I figured it all out and it's soooooooo worth it, coming out to somewhere between 1.5-2.00 per beer, you can't beat that for a home brew/Micro Brew.  Plus, they Vine Park guys are AWESOME and funny.Come to this place and come often!  Even if you just want a tour, just to buy a growler to sample their stuff!  They'll happily show you around!  If you want to make wine, beer or root beer they make it all!It's really fun great for groups young and old!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,12/10/2010,21,60,6,5,6>Bring a book. Bring your sketch pad. Set up an easel. Berets optional but pants are encouraged. I found out the hard way.For months - MONTHS - I spent many weekends writing at a Caribou on Rice Street in Little Canada because of their comfy furniture and faux-northwoods tableux. But the place is brimming with Bible college students who seem to flatline in the creative vibe department.Then, last weekend, I said "heck with it" and went down to the Black dog. I'd been there before. I knew it was a cool place. But somehow I'd gotten it in my head that it was tough to park, that it might be too crowded, the Lowertown construction, all that. Dude, I'm so glad I went.  Some random guy started playing improv ambient jazz on the the piano for tips and I actually removed my headphones, finding his music superior to my own playlist.I've never eaten there and think it's funny that a coffee shop should be reviewed for its food. They have coffee, dummy. Oh, and beer and wine. They have a pleasant staff. Cool interior. Great location (construction aside).
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,12/9/2010,75,71,9,4,4>This is the kind of place where you need to be prepared to un-button your pants once you have finished your meal. I started things off right with a peanut butter malt. I should have stopped there, but I couldn't, everything was just too good! The bacon cheeseburger I ate was something I will remember fondly for a long time. I have dead pets I do not miss as much as I miss this burger. I asked for BBQ sauce on the side, and the waitress brought me a re-fill on the sauce before I could even wipe the remaining BBQ sauce order off my face. The decor was perfect for a place titled "The Malt Shop" and because they are so classy if you cannot finish your malt, they will put it in a to-go cup. I fortunately did not have this problem because I am not a quitter. I will surely go back to this place, on the condition that they let me take a nap immediately in one of their booths. My only mistake was trying to carry on with the rest of my day after stuffing my face with all of this amazing food. I should add that the place is REALLY cheap for all that you get!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,10/24/2009,140,449,2,6,5>What a cool place!  I came here tonight for sister Yelper "Queenie's" going away party.  And from what I understand from our west coast-bound sister, the owner of this place lives in Jamaica about half of every year, and just recently returned from there.  There's a metered parking lot in front of building that's free after 6pm.  Follow the signs to downstairs.  Open, casual, relaxed place.  Walk-up counter for ordering inside, looked to be an amply full bar of liquors, 4 tap beers ($5 for a pint), and plenty of bottle/can beers (I had a bottle of Amstel for $4.50).  I think they offered wine, too.  A t.v screen hanging up, an ATM, Heggie's Pizza (which I've heard is *great* bar pizza), "Jamaican Banana Cake" (sounds interesting - I'll have to try some next time) for sale and displayed under their counter, looked to be some fleeces folded and piled into a corner on a counter, just inside the door that leads outside to their patio (for people to use when it's chill outside, I'd guess, and a great idea, too).  An awesome patio.  Very comfortable metal tables, chairs and barstools.  A workable awning and table umbrellas.  Live music Wed. - Fri. from 4-10 pm.  Tonight, a reggae group played.  They were very good; however, wayyyy tooooo loud for us who were trying to talk.  My ears are still ringing after being away 2+hours.I can't wait to go back with some more friends!  I wanna sit and play some games and get a plate of that Jamaican Jerk Chicken that several people in tonight's group raved about.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,10/22/2009,165,364,,7,5>My boyfriend and I stopped here because we were starving and it's close to the airport.  Service was a bit slow in general. I think we had to ask four times for more bread. The sample plate of bruschetta was pretty good, except for one somewhat bland piece.  The pecorino with swiss chard was excellent. The bucatani was also quite good.  I give the place points for making the pasta and bread on site.  The space is cozy with warm colors.  By 10, the place was dead...though I guess it is Minneapolis. Prices were very reasonable.Would I come here again? Certainly. We had a good experience  Would I go out of my way?  Probably not because I was very satisfied but not blown away. I recommend Al Vento for a casual but intimate simple satisfying dinner.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,10/21/2009,13,88,8,4,5>Are you a student?  Do you have your student ID card still?  Do you live near dinkytown?  If you answered yes to 2 out of 3 of these questions, then you should probably head over to Kafe 421 for lunch. They have a gyro wrap lunch special for $6.95.  It includes fries (or a salad) and a soda.  It is an outstanding deal.  Their gyros are really good.  The wraps are always big (i can never eat a whole one).  They typically bring out ketchup for the fries, but I always ask to substitute the ketchup for this sri-racha emulsion they make.  It's some type of creamy, spicy dipping sauce.  I like it better a lot more than ketchup (yuck!).  BEWARE THE METER MAIDS!  MINNEAPOLIS TRAFFIC COPS LOVEEEEEE DINKYTOWN.  GET CHANGE AT THE BAR BEFORE SITTING DOWN!  (I've had at least 2-3 $40 lunches here resulting from a $34 parking ticket--yuck!)
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,10/20/2009,56,94,,5,3>If you're looking for a place to impress someone, take them here.The girls and I headed over to The Gorilla Bar. The walls are filled with art, the music is eclectic and the whole place has this vibrant electricity that fills you upon entering.Drinks were a bit pricey ($14 for a cosmo!) but the atmosphere made up for it.  Body painting, a dj spinning along with a crowd that was definately enjoyable to either join in or people watch.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,10/19/2009,102,126,1,9,7>I had the best lunch today at PMF.  It's causing me to update my review for a 3rd time.  If you're still debating about whether to go here or not, just please go!I chose the  "Duo of Cheeses w/ Salad."  Basically that's 2 warm buttery, pastry things, one filled with blue cheese and the other filled with brie.  These were sooooooo good.  The salad that accompanied the pastries was excellent too.  A hearty portion of fresh field green with lots of craisins, pecans, and raspberry vinaigrette.  I highly recommend this option for a filling yet light lunch.  You may even have room for one of their sinful desserts.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2009,10/18/2009,129,109,,3,5>I'm optimistic. This is a 3.5 star review, really. The wait for Sunday brunch was obscene. But the $3 mimosas were good. The $2.50 coffee, not so much. Its a cup of coffee, folks. It should not cost almost as much as breakfast booze.The food was pretty good. I had the greek scramble, which came with way too much food for me. The carmel apple french toast and the pumpkin waffle were outstanding though, I would suggest those and not the egg dishes. They weren't bad, but they weren't anything super special. Their breakfast potatoes were good as well.Food service was slow, but coffee refills were fairly quick. Decor is kitschy and neat. I'm pretty sure I did some of the paint-by-numbers on the walls in there, fifteen years ago. I did definitely appreciate the Louis Wain style paint-by-numbers of the white dog with big eyes :)
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,10/17/2009,128,296,13,13,8>So a pregnant woman walks into a bar... does she dare review it?  It was actually for that reason that I hadn't *intended* on writing a review for The Happy Gnome after meeting here last night for the Yelp book club.  Because it's a beer bar and brew is on my list of restricted food and beverages for the time being, would my opinion matter?  Plus, the thought of being branded a Review Whore (yelp.com/biz/review-whor… ) would be, like, soooo devastating...but as soon as the book club crew got settled on Gnome's sweet patio and decided to split a couple menu items to go along with our discussion, all of a sudden it was game on because preggo + food = loveFrom the small plates menu, we ordered the Beef Tenderloin Tips, which were served in a small tortilla bowl along with a black bean & mango thing that was absolutely mmmmm!  It was sweet and spicy and it easy enough to pick around my arch-enemies: the diced onions.  We also ordered a small Seasonal Vegetable Salad which was not so small at all.  Tons of veggies were served on a bed of bulgar wheat: beans, edamame, carrots, roasted cauliflower, beets, red onions and the whole thing was topped with feta.  We're in America, land of pasteurization, so even though feta is technically on the no-no list of restricted food items, I snuck a bite and after having spent the past 6 months feta free?  Oh, it was sublime.  Service was also excellent, the server had a great personality and aside from the occasional whiff of cigarette smoke (a hazard of sitting on the patio) I have no complaints.  And maybe the next time I come back I can booze it up.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,10/16/2009,20,56,,11,5>WA Frost has the best patio in the Twin Cities.I would recommend going from 4-6 or after 9 to take advantage of their happy hour.  $4 glasses of wine (reasonably generous pours), $4 rails and a few of their specialty cocktails can usually be had for around $5.  Add in a few small plates--I usually aim for the pork belly, fries or the mussels (steer clear of the calamari)--and you have a few pleasant way to sate a small appetite.  Also, the deserts here are lovely.  The $3 dessert samplers are actually pretty generous for the price point and the full price desserts are certainly large enough to share.  I'll admit that sometimes the service can drag a little bit (WA Frost seems to think a single person can handle upwards of thirty customers which seems a little demanding) but it's usually not too bad and the patio is so gorgeous you'll hardly notice the wait anyway.  I've only been for dinner here once, but I was very impressed by the service inside and the food was spot on.  I had the tasting of cones for an appetizer (bonus points for creativity and killer presentation) and the halibut for my entrée (largely unclear if this is still on the menu) and was pleased with both.  You have to like a stuffy, old-time atmosphere--feels like you're dining in a fancy house on Summit--to enjoy the interior but there are times when it's entirely appropriate, cozy and satisfying.  Strongly recommend going here for the patio alone, a very good bar and above average food make WA Frost that much better.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,10/15/2009,12,60,6,12,6>You know how you can tell right away that this place is good? You pull up and there are three police cars parked outside with the officers inside eating lunch. Cops seem to know all the great local places for lunch and this is one of them. Like Nathan and Dan mentioned the food is cheap and the portions are large. It may not be the best steak you have ever eaten, but I will bet it is the best 10 oz steak, baked potato, side salad, and Texas toast for under $10 you have ever eaten.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,10/14/2009,150,435,7,7,6>ok so here's the deal....last night...adorable date arrives at my apt and asks giddily if i have thought at all about what i'd like to do for dinner...i'm no slouch and clearly recognize his apparent excitement and offer to just let him tell me where we're going because of tihs obvious 12year old type of excitement.  this is a big deal.  i love food. and i'm semi picky about where i get it/how i cook it/where i eat it...etc etc...but i go with the flow.so, he goes ummm have you ever had a manny's torta? to which my edina-bred, semi snobby self immediately answers "you want to get all dressed up and go downtown to mannys?!"   my wisconsin man then looks at me like i've crawled out of an unknown planet wearing green slime and politely informs me of manny's tortas...well, i was in for quite a surprise.  off we go through uptown, through lyn/lake, into said midtown area and arrive at the international global market place...and straight to mannys tortas.  i have to say i wasnt THAT excited about the torta but i was goin with the flow when mister man ordered the "mannys special" and a mandaring jarritos (extra points for him on that one).five to seven minutes later one of the most delicious sandwiches i will ever eat is bestowed upon us.size: perfect for twobread: delicious and appropriately gooey with various sauces and meat drippings.  i just said meat drippings...huh huh.filling: well...what WASNT on this sammy i ask you.  juicy steak, salty ham, avocado, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes, cheese,  and mushrooms.sauce: spicy (and for me...it was lip tingling, nose running, cough a little bit spicy) mayonnaise.  (ps i love mayo).this place was TOPS...the sandwich was so satisfying, the counter lady was super nice and adorable, i think the price was pretty reasonable for what ended up being dinner for two incld drink (think it was about 10$)...the atmosphere in the building is super cool and there is definitely quite enough to keep you occupied.  Next up is trying the location in mercado central....
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,1/11/2011,84,289,7,8,7>Minneapolis is kinda funny. Someone has to explain to me why some of our finest restaurants also have the best hours. After leaving the Of Montreal/Janelle Monae show, I was looking for a bite. It wasn't THAT late, but it was a weeknight, and what's open? Black Sheep Pizza? No.112 Eatery & Haute Dish? Yes.Go figure.Okay, I can handle that.We sat at the bar, and the bartender was attentive and helpful. Knew the menu, made suggestions, even carefully considered how to arrange our multiple small plates into two courses (and then adjusted when he was informed the vegetarian among us was the most hungry). In short, great service!The food? OMG the food.I started with the Steak and Eggs, and my girlfriend got the Stuffed Peppers. I liked mine a lot. The tartare was interesting: the beef was formed into a little patty with onions, peppers, pickles (I think) and capers. Tasty, but I still have to credit Heartland as having my favorite tartare. The oyster shooter and especially the egg in the basket were tasty, too. My girlfriend really enjoyed the Stuffed Pepper, and I sure liked my taste of it.We split the Mac N Cheese next. Can you say RICH? I'm not even sure if a single person should eat this. Tasty, tasy, tasty. But really, it's pretty hard to mess up Mac N Cheese (or for that matter, to drastically improve it).We finished with the melon soup, which was tasty and refreshingly light compared to our other dishes. Can't rave about this one, honestly it doesn't stand out in my memory.There are many other tasty looking dishes on the menu, so I will return. Yes I will. But I might have to find a new partner, because their menu doesn't offer a whole lot for those who don't-eat-meat-but-get unreasonably-mad-if-you-call-them-a-vegetarian-­because-they-do-eat-seafood.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,1/10/2011,35,24,6,10,5>Dear Ollu,The tails of Twin Cities puppies are wagging double time since the opening of Ollu.  Conveniently situated on St. Anthony Main near the Stone Arch Bridge, this do-it-yourself dog washing boutique is a perfect addition to an already 4-legged friendly neighborhood.Ollu has made the process of washing your pet as painless as washing yourself.  You simply step up to one of the 5 washing stations, leash your pet into an over-sized, galvanized,  waist-high tub and get to work with the overhead hand shower.  There's a service station with shampoo, conditioner, ear wash, cotton balls, towels, brushes, nail files and even pet perfumes.  Their unlimited use comes included with the cost of the wash.  Even if you're able to wash your pet at home, this next part is where the cost almost pays for itself.  3 words: Industrial Hair Dryer.  Maybe you like it when your pet goes bonkers post-wash, rubbing his face in the carpet and looking for something stinky to roll in.  No luck here.  The industrial grade dryer will dry your pooch in 5 minutes or less.When I had my 60 lb low-shed Goldendoodle living with me downtown, I washed her in my bathtub and never had any issue with that.  So for me, taking her to Ollu was a bit of luxury.  A treat for both of us.  A 'discretionary' line item on my books, if you will.  And I have to imagine it's the same case for a lot of others.  Prices are: $15 for dogs under 10 lbs., $20 for dogs between 11 and 90 lbs., and $25 for dogs over 90 lbs.Next time you're walking your pooch over the Stone Arch, stop in for some bonding time, even if your pet hasn't rolled in dead fish.  You won't regret it and the look in your puppy's eyes will be thank you enough.Love, Holly
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,1/9/2011,41,111,8,3,4>Upon my death, I hope to find myself running through a flowery meadow in slow motion (the slo-mo is key) toward a Nutella brioche from Cocoa and Fig.  If I'm a good girl, of course.  If not, I imagine I'll still be running through a flowery meadow in slow motion toward a Nutella brioche from Cocoa and Fig-- I'll just never reach it.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,1/8/2011,89,97,28,11,10>Being a recovering fatty, up until this point I've gone through life with the understanding that running was reserved only for chasing down the ice cream truck and evading the fuzz. Recently my employer sponsored a 5k and I ran it to sumplement my new healthy lifestyle and to see if I still had it after running in one 13 years ago as a senior in high school.  Well, I finished it and loved it.  The only problem was my 9 year old New Balance that I got off a discount rack at JC Penney.  Here is where Marathon Sports come in.  I did some research online to find a shoe store that didn't  have the words JC or Penney in it.  I arrived at Marathon and was immediately greeted and assisted in my quest for new kicks.  The sales person had me prance around the store to analyze my pimp limp.  From this she brought out some suggested shoes.  I tried each on and resumed my pimp limp in each.  They also have a treadmill to take them for a test drive.   I'm amazed at the difference a good pair of shoes makes.  It was like running on little pillows made just for my footsies.  The best part was when I signed up for their email list I became a member and now receieve 20% off all purchases in the future.  This will come in handy when I go back in to get some sexy man tights to accentuate my privates for winter running.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,1/7/2011,87,302,8,8,7>At the recommendation of the hot sass that first reviewed this place (in the office next to me as speak~), we went today to continue my epic quest to try all the food carts.I had the grilled cheese with caramelized onions, which was flippin' tasty. I will have to add onions to all my GCs from now on. They provided a savory-sweetness to the cheese, which was light and flavorful. I also appreciated that they grilled it to my preferred perfection- crunchy outside but still nice and soft, not hard and crusty at all. The cabbage slaw was a nice mellow accompaniment, with subtle flavor and just-shredded juiciness. I also tried the basil lime soda... which is pretty much the best thing I've ever tasted. Very springy lime taste with a hint of savory basil... just perfect. If I could bring a little flask of Tanqueray Rangpur, I would... they'd be super happy together. They also epically win with their commitment to local foods, with local cheeses, local produce, and the seasonality of their ingredients makes me excited to try out what tasty things will no doubt be coming on the menu soon.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,1/6/2011,223,363,5,13,8>Two words: VEGGIE SAMOSAS.  We stopped by last Friday, but they were not open yet. However, they told us to come back this week, and we finally made it out tonight.The LowdownGorkha Palace is located where Mairan's Table used to be. They emphasize using organic and local ingredients whenever possible and humanely raised meats. They also use fresh spices. This sounded pretty good, and since it was a rainy cold evening, dumplings sounded pretty alluring.The FoodBetween my dining partner and I, we ordered the veggie samosas, yak momos (dumplings), palaak paneer (spinach and Indian cheese), and choley masala (curried chickpeas). A half order of momo (6 pieces) is enough for two people to share. The yak was from a farm out near St Cloud and not gamey at all. The momo were tender and well-spiced, with a generous amount of scallions. I would have used more salt to bring out the flavor.  We could have done without the samosas, but I'm glad we ordered them. Two to an order, and the size of a tennis ball. Potatoes and peas don't sound enticing, but these were delicious and again, well spiced. The tamarind sauce added a nice compliment.Palaak paneer was one of the best. The spinach was done just right without being overcooked. The paneer was also tender and not too dry. Regarding the choley masala, the chickpeas were tender and the potato chunks well done. Everything was well spiced again, and you could really taste the quality of the spices.They offer their food mild, medium, hot, and Gorkha hot. For the palaak paneer, we got medium, and medium-hot for the chickpeas. I think medium is perfect for those who like a little spice, hot if you usually eat spicier. Too hot and you can't enjoy your food, which you should at this place.At the moment, they don't have their liquor license.The ServiceI typically expect harried/inconsistent service during the first few weeks of a restaurant opening, but I was really surprised. The hostess remembered us from last week, and our server was attentive, asking about our food quite often. This might turn some people off, but I found it a good sign that they were prepared to open and also prepared to offer good service with their food.For two appetizers, two chais, and two entrees, the bill was about $60 with tip. In reality, you could do dinner for two for about $50. I was somewhat annoyed that they charged for what I thought was a free refill of chai, since they didn't mention it when they offered us more chai. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and would return.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,1/5/2011,38,55,5,6,4>¡Ay, caramba! Why is this place cricket-chirpingly empty?I have to agree with Zachary S; La Fonda should be hopping.  My companion and I each chose one of their specials--she, chiles rellenos, and I, chicken mole. ¡Ay, caramba! My chicken nearly fell off the bone and melted into the yummy--if a tad mild--mole sauce.  She cleaned her plate. Both came with soup, rice, beans, and fresh corn tortillas.The chips ahead of the game were fabulous--crisp and light, corny (in a good way), and *flakey,* (also in a good way--a way that suggested that they were homemade.  Don't know if they were or not.).  The salsas were very fine. And ¡Ay, caramba!: with a drink, the tab for the two of us came in at about $17.  Had we chosen from the regular menu it would have been far cheaper than that, even.  Service was great, and very friendly.And  ¡Ay, caramba!, they deliver!   ¡Ay, caramba!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,1/4/2011,441,746,4,3,7>I am prone to visit the  St. Paul location because, well, I live in St. Paul.But they were out of stock on the Vita Mix I have been obsessing over (and gathering xmas gift cards) for about a year.These things aren't cheap (unless you have those gift cards, of course!) so we waited until our current blender gave it's last breath.This place is so much better than Surly Table on the corner, who shopped at Cooks before they opened and stole most of their product line.Chumps.Anyway, so we came in today and got our Vita Mix. Did you know you can make hot soup in this thing from nothing but raw ingredients?In like 4 minutes?  That is NUTS.You can also make scrambled eggs, but no way will I do that.So stop by, take a cooking class, buy a cookbook or spatula and do like sarah p says: support your local business.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,1/2/2011,0,135,4,3,2>Best pasta I've ever had, and I eat pasta a lot!#18 truffle pasta made me want to be a boar scrounging for truffles in the forest. Caesar salad was not amazing, so I wouldn't waste the money on that. Fried snow peas were good with the dip.Staff was extremely considerate and knew how to make things right. We waited longer than expected for a table, so they gave our party 3 free appetizers for waiting. The one thing I found weird was the rule Broders' had saying the whole party had to be at the restaurant to put your name in for a table. Kinda childish rule to expect from adults, but we didn't obey it and still got a table with the rest of our group.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,1/1/2011,28,96,,7,2>Must have is the Singapore Sling noodles, and the Jumbo Shrimp with cream sauce and candied walnuts. But really, just order anything and you'll be happy. Or, better yet ask any of the excellent and knowledgeable wait staff who are really good at helping you pinpoint the best of the best from a pretty overwhelming large menu.My only word of caution is that it's better for dinner than for lunch. The lunch specials are just fine, but not nearly as phenomenal as a dinner entre.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,4/6/2011,155,803,,5,3>My buddy and I had about three hours to kill before an Anthony Bourdain Show in Minneapolis. He suggested a great beer bar in St. Paul. The Muddy Pig. We entered the establishment like a couple of denizens joining a club of beer lovers. I opened the beer menu and the heavens opened up and called to me. "You are in beer heaven.....Do not question us...This is the greatest beer bar in Minnesota."" I ordered a Cuban sandwich with my Surly Abrasive, I think this could be my favorite beer ever. There is a coffee/citrus aroma that pleases the nose and then just melts in your mouth with every sip. The floral aftertaste attacks your senses after a few sips and you begin to realize this is one of the best beers I have ever had. The Cuban sandwich was a delight. Thick crusty baguette wrapped around a ton of ham and pulled pork. The cheese melted beautifully around the bun and made it a treat. My only small complaint is that it could use more pickle. I love the brine in my Cuban mixing with all the funky flavors. The amount of meat was more than enough and you could easily split it with someone.My second beer was the Fulton Sweet Child of Vine IPA. Did not do much for me, pretty standard pale ale, but then I tried the Sierra Nevada Imperial Stout by the guy from Sierra Nevada and Fritz Maytag from Anchor Steam. The coffee and chocolate flavor lifted unknown flavors that I have only had from the best of the best Russian Imperial Stouts.  This had it!Service was solid, great food, five stars!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,4/5/2011,203,560,,6,5>Heartland's move to new digs in Lowertown finally gives the restaurant a location to rival its food. The new build out is beautiful. The dining room is open, airy and elegant, and architectural details (including a wall of wood sourced from an antique barn) catch the eye. Although the old, intimate wine bar will be missed, the new lounge area features more seating as well as a full bar, stocked with quality beers, wines and spirits and manned by mixmasters who will make your drink right. Also available are "chef's tables," placed in sight of the kitchen and available for special custom tasting menus (advance notice required).  To top it all off, there is now a complete banquet/event facility on premises as well. What remains unchanged is Heartland's dedication to expertly prepared and locally sourced foods. The nucleus of the kitchen team remains in place, and long time diners will notice the attention to detail and deep flavor profiles remain in place. (One new addition to the bar menu, a burger (!), was meaty good, accompanied by a toothsome bun and house made condiments.) Service, too, remains a strong suit. Few other fine dining establishments consistently offer service as informed and seamless as Heartland. It is worth mentioning that one concern frequently voiced prior to the move--the availability of parking--has not materialized as a critical issue. I was able to locate free on-street parking within a block of the restaurant on each of my visits this past week. There is also paid parking at several lots within walking distance, and valet parking is also available. The "Farm Direct Market" remains a work in progress (an August debut is expected), and weekend brunch has yet to materialize. These matters are best viewed as icing on the cake. For now, be pleased that Heartland has made the transition to Lowertown with all critical features intact.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,4/4/2011,192,528,,9,5>Nice date night dinner option.  Cool neighborhood, nice fenced in patio.  It's a middle end Italian restaurant, fancy but not too expensive.  They excel at their higher end dishes.  It may seem like a bargain to pay $12 for a pasta dish, but it isn't something you can't make at home with cremette and ragu.  I definitely recommend paying an extra $6 for one of the specialties.  I had the baked seafood dish and it was awesome.  I couldn't believe how much seafood was in the dish.  It was an absolute steal. I like La Grolla because it is comfortable, good service, nice atmosphere, good food, good prices and fun area.  You can head down Selby for a drink or two afterward.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,4/3/2011,164,127,8,10,9>I don't get excited about food, well not this much! After all that's been written about it, praising their macaroons would be an exercise in redundancy, but praise it we must. Patisserie 46, oh baby, French me! French (macaroon) me! I found out about Patisserie 46 from Cave Vin, I wanted a quite cafe to spend sometime reading, and just enjoying the weather [in doors - it's winter dude!] and Ken said "If I read you right, you'll really enjoy this place." The chef is from NY but studied in France the art of French desserts. Man, was he right. I mean this cafe is cuteness^2 - okay. Lies - it's cuteness* infinity. The colours, the atmosphere and the openingness of the space really makes you melt, you fall right in place. Their pastries are out of this world and will make you question your reality - is this Minneapolis or Paris? Paree frozen over. Macaroons are like the new cupcakes, and these won't disappoint.And I don't seem to have enough words to praise their macaroons.  I've tried the other pastry items too [like this: I want... that one! no! that one!] Their staff who have seen me at my most crazed and indecisive moments will wait for you to chose, offering advice, and their recommendations along the way.  If you're lucky enough to find yourself all the way to the comfy sofas, you'll probably never leave. It's so pretty here, even their bathroom is prettified. I'm not so much a fan of their coffeees, but I really like the earl grey teas offered here. They also have off- the hook sammiches, which I've only had a bite of [from my rommie] because, when deciding on desserts vs. sandwich, you know what I'll be choosing.It would really be a cute after-dinner dessert spot, but they don't open that late. Patisserie, open your doors late, I say!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,4/2/2011,18,45,3,5,4>For the longest time, Aster Café was just a strange little coffee shop/deli that I wandered by when I was down on Main Street.  When I read that it recently underwent an overhaul -- both the space itself and the menu/concept -- and a friend said it was worth a visit, I decided I owed it a shot.  It is sitting on some of the most gorgeous cafe real estate in the city.I've always liked the "small plates" model of restaurant and the new Aster seems to pull it off fairly well.  They offer a surprising number of options for under five bucks, ranging from a selection of nuts or olives to spicy popcorn to a variety of nicely done cheese plates (though Dane S. is right -- you never get enough bread!)  They also have a decent stable of soups, salads, sandwiches, and grilled flatbreads for those seeking something a bit more substantial, with all of these coming in at under ten bucks.  The drink selection is also solid with a nice variety of tap and bottled beers under $6 and a broad, if somewhat pricier, selection of wines and cocktails.And yes, the atmosphere is hard to rival.  The last time I was there it was a crisp evening and it was hard not to just sit and soak it up for a second.  The view of the skyline across the river.  The soft light on the cobblestone patio.  Handsome cabs clip-clopping down Main Street.  They even had an accordionist playing, for pete's sake.  If nothing else, just stop in for a quick drink and sit outside.  Totally worth it.I'm glad they decided to reinvent the place a bit; I won't just be wandering by it anymore.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,4/1/2011,89,97,12,4,6>Sweet sweet Lord.  These are the best ribs I've ever had in my life.  I literally almost wept after taking the first bite.  Big Daddy's will forever be the standard when I try new rib joints. After many months of talking about trying them out I finally made the drive over.  I ordered a half chicken and a half rack of ribs with sides of both the mild and spicy bbq sauce.  After refraining myself from pulling over on the drive back to Nordeast to destroy by BBQ bounty, I got home and dug in.  Words can't describe how delicious both the chicken and ribs are.  I'm pretty sure I had dirty dreams of this place for weeks after.  Big Daddy's, I love you.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,3/31/2011,109,121,,5,6>I've been back to The Depot a few times now...and I am developing some serious affection for this place.  Every food item I have ordered has been delicious (ummm, I just have 3 words for you..."sweet potato fries"...yeah).  I mean, here's the deal.  We were there the other night grabbing a few beers and some food before taking in a show at the adjoining 7th Street Entry (The Delta Mirror).  There, at a table near ours, was the band...also enjoying some food and pre-show beers.  I think that's pretty fricken' cool...also...later on in the night...I discovered that their 'set list' was scribbled on a napkin from The Depot.  Cool, right?  Or maybe I am just a music nerd...either way...I thought it was cool.. :)Other misc observations....they really could do without the TV's pumping in various sporting events - it's unnecessary really, the service can be a bit slow and scattered at times, the bathrooms are nice and clean, there is an ATM in the lobby, and you can purchase tickets to upcoming First Ave/7th Street shows...Yep, that about sums it up...
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/30/2011,41,188,3,6,4>OMG. There's a cake called the Royal that tastes like a ferror rocher chocolate. You know how cool that is? I used to look like a P.I.G.G.Y when I popped five of those chocolates in my mouth. Now I can tastefully eat a tiny cake slice and totally satisfy my sweet tooth. They also have items I have not seen at my other favorite French bakery such as the raspberry nun (pronounced nune and it's a raspberry cream puff) and the fraisier, a yummy strawberry cake. Seriously, this place is where sweet dreams are made of. The NW suburbs are lucky to have such a gem.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/29/2011,70,375,1,5,6>Garlic Sauce! We went to Beirut on a recent Friday night for dinner. I grew up not far from this place and had never even thought of about going there. I called earlier in the day to find out how late they were open. She told me 10 but food until 9:30. She then recommended I make a reservation, which I did for 7:30. Good thing - the place was packed! I ordered a glass of wine while perusing the menu. I decided on a platter with chicken kebabs and falafels. It came with a salad, bread, and rice. I got my salad and *loved* the garlic sauce/dressing. Oh, it was good. We finished our salad and the lights started to dim. I saw the belly dancer coming out, so much to his dismay, I had to move to his side of the table. We looked corny while eating, but enjoyed the show. My platter had 1 kebab with about 7 pieces of nicely grilled, moist and delicious chicken, a 4 falafels cut in half, served with pitas and rice. I loved the chicken and the falafels had a nice crispy outside and flavorful, warm inside. The sauce on the falafels was great as was the rice. The only thing I didn't care for much was the bread. It was a white pita, not warmed up. I tried a couple pieces and then just left the remainder. The bill for 2 was around $45 before tip. The service was prompt and friendly, the food excellent, and the atmosphere quaint. I will go back, hopefully sooner rather than later.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,3/28/2011,84,289,3,6,5>I dined once at 112 Eatery a couple years ago. I don't have strong memories of the occasion, surely nothing was bad. I had positive if unclear memories. But apparently, I wasn't blown away. Something just didn't register.So on the occasions that I'm looking to have an extra special evening, 112 Eatery kept being passed over. Sure, everyone raves about the place, but there was always some new contender worth checking out.Finally, I returned, and damn if I didn't have the experience it seems everyone has been raving about all along.Service: excellentDrinks: excellent (kudos on making a good Wisconsin Old Fashioned)Food: OMGThe cheeseburger is, as promised, awesome. I was honestly surprised. I thought I'd had it on my previous visit, but apparently it didn't take. And you think to yourself "how great can a cheeseburger be?". Really, really good. I don't know how they do it, they're witches.The foie gras/lardon salad was also amazing. Again, surprisingly so. Bacon, seared foie gras, fried-poached egg and greens. Just awesome.Bacon, egg & harissa sandwich? Awesome. Scallops? Awesome.Let there be no doubt, 112 Eatery is the real thing. Fancy yet laid back, accessible but awe-inducing. Clearly, the gem of the Twin Cities.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,6/11/2013,61,82,3,4,4>Salty Tart exists so you can go get some of the best cupcakes baked into this world.  You should be grateful.  I know I am.I was wandering through the Midtown Global Market after a grueling day at the hospital and stumbled across this quiet little gem of a bakery.  I wasn't hungry but I had read many accolades in various papers about this place and had been meaning to try.  I bought the Surly cupcake which was nothing short of amazing.  Apparently not all chocolate cupcakes are made equal because it's as if a Hostess cupcake got the most expensive, glorious makeover.  The frosting, I assume was a butter cream frosting and was rich and dense.  The cake part was dense as well which I always think makes for a quality cupcake.  There is a little pocket of white fluff in the middle too! Maybe I should have kept that as a surprise... The thing I noted about these cupcakes were that they weren't overly sweet.  They have a very sophisticated level of sweet to serious ratio.  I think these would make great gift cupcakes.  I don't say that about others.  :)
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/10/2013,34,171,2,4,3>This is the second location that opened of balanced barre in the Twin Cities and I like it even better than the original.  I'm not sure how BB compares to other barre studios because I've always had such a great time here I'm hesitant to try others.  The workout is reliable and I shake every time.  All of the instructors are a little different but they all push you for a great workout.  The classes are really easy to schedule online for either location.  I love this part because you know it won't be overcrowded when you arrive.  This location is also larger and I like the atmosphere better.  There is parking in the back and an entrance there as well.  It was really convenient to get to and close to downtown.  Lastly, there are usually some good specials you can take advantage of.  If you like them on facebook you can usually get access to the specials.  Shake on!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/9/2013,23,16,3,8,5>I've eaten here a handful of times.  It's a see through the glass buffet style joint where you pick and they dish.  It is my favorite place to stop for a bite if I'm near the Gaviidae.The staff here is very hospitable (Korean if I'm not mistaken) so the service is great.  I don't know what it is but there's something about friendly gals with an accent that always makes me feel welcome (call me crazy).Pricing... you definitely get a bang for your buck.I once had a dish here that was unbearably spicy (keep in mind I fancy spicy cuisine) but aside from that everything has always been generous to my taste buds.If you like Korean food, this place is great... it you like Louisiana Cajun style food, this place is great... if you like Korean and Louisiana Cajun style food, don't use great to describe this place as that'll be a gross understatement.So if you're near Gaviidae needing lunch on the fly, The Bayou by far is the best thing nearby.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,6/8/2013,82,170,4,8,3>If you're looking for some fresh food this place is it!  This family owned business is nothing special inside but the food is amazing and some of the best Vietnamese I've had.  It's a good pick when you're downtown near the Convention Center or Hyatt hotel. Prices are reasonable and the service was super friendly. I loved their chicken and veggie fried rice. If you're really hungry you can turn this dish into a combo plate and add 2 chicken wings, 2 wontons and an egg roll for just $3 extra. They have 5 different spicy levels too so if you want it mild or hot just let them know. You can dine in, carry out and they do catering too. I already can't wait to come back for more!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/7/2013,21,57,2,5,5>My BFF brought me here for brunch yesterday and I already want to go back. The huevos rancheros were amazing. There were plenty of other things on the menu that looked delicious, but I am confident that I will be ordering the huevos every single time I come here from now on. They are that good. The pork was flavorful and fall-apart-in-your-mouth good. The tortillas were crispy around the edges and soft in the middle. The salsa was fresh and everything on the plate just went perfectly together. I love it when that happens. Also, they serve the coffee on a silver platter. Gotta love little touches like that. Our server was great. I loved the atmosphere and decor too. We lucked out and got seated right away without a reservation, but I would suggest calling ahead on a Sunday morning. It was pretty busy in there.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/6/2013,534,142,4,4,7>Two words - Football PizzaI don't care about football but I care a lot about pizza. Pizza is a part of my staple diet. Crescent Moon's veggie football pizza is nothing like the typical pizzas you would get from a franchised pizza joint. The taste is different and different good. The green chutney (mint sauce) that comes with the pizza is what you get at Indian restaurants. I think the chutney just adds to the deliciousness of their pizza.  A large size pizza can serve 2-3 adults but let me tell you I have eaten several large football pizzas all by myself in the last couple of years.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/5/2013,63,341,2,6,3>Just as with the location in Minnetonka this Christos has similar lunch specials at the same value price points.  A chicken wrap with chicken, sauteed red onions and red peppers and cheese with a small green salad and soup for $7.95 along with the standard real napkin service - a real steal.This location is good about posting their daily lunch specials online so you can check before you go to see what the specials and soups of the day are.Service is good and attentive without being overly intrusive.The windows facing Nicollet make this place an excellent outing for lunch, especially if you want to linger.  At the same time if you let your server know that you need a quick lunch they can get you in and out in no time.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,6/4/2013,84,128,4,6,5>A couple weeks ago, I was at the Government Center around lunch time, and was excited to be able to try some food trucks! However, I realized that it was early November, and some of the usual players were done for the season.As I was about to admit defeat and grab something from Panera, I see Scratch Food Truck and I was saved :)They have a nice selection of sandwiches; I was heavily debating between the pork & shrimp patty, the sesame beef, and the fried chicken. The jalapeno slaw on the fried chicken sandwich won me over in the end, though.The fried chicken sandwich comes on a long bun, and is absolutely delicious. The slaw is spicy and tangy, and paired with the crisp fried chicken and mayonnaise, it makes for a very excellent sandwich.They make their own chips here, too, and you get a very generous portion with your sandwich.I'll definitely be coming back here.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,6/3/2013,26,56,3,4,3>I have only experienced Parka as a coffee shop so far, but I have every intention to return for a meal some day. This review only covers the morning hours prior to meal service.Parka is a new location for one of my favorite local combinations: Dogwood coffee and Rustica pastries. They could have stopped there and still been a big winner. But they went the extra step by having adorable decor, a gateway into Forage Modern Workshop, and, on my visit, an incredible playlist of music.Dogwood has some of the best beans in Minneapolis, so I don't think you can go wrong with the coffee here. I ordered an Americano and it was perfect. But let's talk about the Bostok from Rustica. SO good. With every bite I kept dreading the end that was to come. It was well worth the $2 and now I don't know if I'll ever be able to try something different here because all my tastebuds will be crying "BOSTOK!"Parka is really small and I can't imagine what meal time must be like. I was there really early on a Sunday morning so I got to enjoy some quiet time with my coffee, but as 11am approached it got louder and louder. it's not a coffee shop where you're likely to find a lot of comfy seating and places to plug in your laptop, it's a nice classy place to grab a coffee with a friend or sit at the window bar and watch people come in and out for pastries. It seems like a great addition to the area, and I hope to see them continue to succeed in the future.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/2/2013,60,116,8,4,4>YUM YUM GIMME SOME.I'm 100% European and 50% Slav, but there's a part of my stomach that is 100% Mexican. This place really does it for me. They have a gargantuan menu, with a nice smattering of items I'd not seen before in other Mexican joints; Hurranches, Churrasco, Huarachazo, and Tlacoyo were a mystery to me. Lots of corn cake covered in various things, mostly. And here I thought I knew about Mexican food. Not only am I eating, I'm getting my learn on.Most anything on their menu can be ordered individually, or can come in a combo with beans, rice, and sometimes salad. I like that a lot. Sometimes I need the beans, sometimes I've already had enough High Life.  I've done my best to order lots of different things, and I have yet to eat anything bad from these guys. And man, it's authentic, or authentic in so far as a normal taco has onions, cilantro, and radishes on it. You pay extra for the version with lettuce, tomato, and sour cream. That's perfect. Spaghetti comes with red sauce, not ketchup. Americanize it, fine, but these guys make it known that there's a difference. I love that. And best of all, it's the way a taco/burrito joint should be: open late, and cheap as all hell. 'Fancy tacos' have their place, too (somewhere), but their $3/each price tag can suck it, all the way to the border. These guys deliver the goods, and bang your buck like a cannon. In exchange for a crisp $10 bill, you'll walk out stuffed to the brim and watered. If you need more than that, you might want to consult the BMI and where you fit into it. And there are multiple locations, most of which are along Lake Street. And finally...I'm a total sucker for Al Pastor. He is so dreamy I can't get over it, and wowee wow wow, these guys have him dressed in his Sunday best, everyday. Personally, El Taco Reindo edges it out for me, but that's mostly because it's closer to my house. This place is great. If you're looking for a straight up taco/burrito/etc joint that will never steer you wrong, do yourself a favor and give these guys some money.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,2/7/2010,19,78,,6,5>Minneapolis finds itself in the curious position of lacking some of those all-important mid-range Italian places. Sure we have the red sauce stronghold of Veschio's and the divine La Belle Vie on the other end of the scale. But where's a girl to go for a great slice of pizza?Thankfully, Broder's has not only incredible pizza (usually only a few dollars for a slice, no less!), but delicious and modest pastas, sandwiches, salads, and desserts. I don't think I've ever had a "miss" there. Even better is that there's something there for everybody - meat lasagna for your unadventurous eaters, spaghetti for the kids, eggplant panini for the vegetarians, and - well, I'm sure you see the picture.The prices tend towards the higher side, but I firmly believe you're paying for quality. Service is friendly and prompt.As a grocery nerd, I noticed with great interest today that Broder's is doing more with their grocery selection. Certainly we have Buon Giorno in Lilydale and La Cossetta in St. Paul, but those are far for a life-long Minneapolitan! They had previously offered a nominal selection of pasta and sauces, but lo and behold, today I spied a new bulk section with dried mushrooms, whole farro, house-made croutons, and black rice! Additionally, they are offering a nice selection of meats, even if many of them are domestic. Their cheeses are of course beautiful, although the range is somewhat limited and the prices seemed on the high side.I'm told their Pasta Bar across the street is a force of nature unto itself, although I've never had the patience to wait for a table, particularly when a marvelous meal at the deli can be had in mere minutes!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,2/6/2010,51,129,15,6,7>Heck yes I'll eat here.  Yes please and amen.Straight up classic breakfast - toast drenched in butter.  Over easy eggs so good chickens themselves would eat them after a night out on the town and one too many.But you know what?  One pet peeve about the clientele at this place.  It's cheap, and the owners bust their butts serving *constant* breakfast from the time they open to close.  So for you jerks that leave a couple quarters on the table for a tip just because you can eat for $5?  Get a clue.  You never see the bottom of your coffee mug they fill it so fast.  I'm sure you're saving your dollar bills for your favorite stripper (you know, the one with the gallbladder scar and crooked/black front tooth) but try having a heart and leaving something worth leaving next time...
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/5/2010,66,139,5,8,8>I was so offended when Chang O'Hara's closed, that I actually boycotted this place for the first year they were open.  The name and sign out front didn't help - I expected hippies and hobbits.  Boy, is my face ever red.  The Happy Gnome has one of the best beer selections in this fair town (complete with beer dinners monthly).  Their single-malt list is nothing to sneeze at either.I wish they still had the duck/goat cheese app they had when I first went in a couple years ago, but even without it the menu is excellent.  Go for brunch and get the B.E.L.T.  Thank me later.  The salads are exceptional, and the burgers will squirt you with their liquid awesome.  The fries are a great example of soda-fountain, malt-shop fries, a perfect spicy compliment to anything you have on your plate.I docked a star because they share a parking lot with the curling club, and that means I can't park for the weekend leagues.  Also I wish there was more seating away from the bar.  Otherwise yet another great example of the fantastic neighborhood bars in Saint Paul, despite the unfortunate name.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,2/4/2010,9,50,5,5,5>One review? That's all?This place needs some love. It's been in Saint Paul for 25 years, which is a testament to it's quality.I love Beirut, and the people that own it are just wonderful. The food here is warming and delicious. Just try their Falafel, and if you aren't in love at first bite, there's something wrong with you. As far as variety goes, they offer the normal Middle-Eastern fare, such as Shawirma or Kebabs. They're always cooked perfectly. The tabouli salad starter is just amazing; I wouldn't mind making an entire meal out of it. The two times I've been here, I walked out full, happy, and wanting to go back. You may want to consider coming on Friday and Saturday nights for the belly dancers. Yes, belly dancers. Need I say more?
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,2/3/2010,170,391,11,12,6>HOLY SHIT! THERE IS NO REVIEW FOR ART SONGS WINGS?!What are you people eating? Honestly, get in your car now. Your life in incomplete. Art Song's is the greatest place to eat in the Twin Cities. If anyone says anything else, they should be slathered in barbeque sauce and stuck on a spit. Because really, this place is amazing.First off, it's in Frogtown, which most people would probably call the ghetto. This is always a sign of a good place. Secondly, did I mention it's EFFIN DELICIOUS? Maybe I am only obsessed because it's what my mom ate when she was preggo with me. You can get Chicken Wings, Rib-Tips, Jo-Jo potatoes and a large variety of soul food fare. Also, they have strawberry soda on tap. Go on Tuesday and Thursday for the best deals.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,2/2/2010,271,845,,16,11>Wally's has excellent falafel and Middle Eastern dishes at disgustingly low prices. I'm still shocked that you can find food this good, for prices that low, in this day and age.I first had a falafel sandwich ($2.99) which was superb: lightly toasted pita, fresh tahini, cucumbers and tomatoes, along with wonderfully seasoned falafel pieces. It was a substantial, delicious meal at the lowest price I've ever seen for a falafel sandwich in the US.You can also upgrade your sandwich with eggplant, fried potatoes and cauliflower for a measly $1 more.Given how great the falafel was, I decided to stick around and order some baba ganouj ($2.99). It was also excellent. It was presented in a beautiful way, on an actual plate (other places in this price range serve stuff on styrofoam), with six warm, soft slices of pita. I think the baba ganouge could have been roasted slightly more, but it was still wonderfully tart.I went back later for their foule appetizer ($2.99) and lentil soup ($2.99) both of which are vegan by default. The lentil soup was thick and savory, but not over-salted. It was hearty in a way you don't see often enough (Babani's in St. Paul comes close) and definitely hit the spot for a frigid winter day. The foule was also a wonderful dish, consisting of beans, olive oil, herbs and spices, along with some pita. Foule is made specifically from fava beans and you don't see the dish that often on menus in the US. It's a great, refreshing alternative to ubiquitous options like hummus or baba ganouj (both of which can be great, but are also over-played).The service was friendly and I'm impressed that they accept credit cards given how low their prices are. The hours are great, too, as Wally's is open pretty much all day from 9 a.m. to 3 a.m. Great for lunch or a super-late-night snack.My only gripes would be that Wally's doesn't offer whole wheat pita as an option and that they don't have any vegan desserts. Other than that, this is unusually high-grade food, served with care and delicacy, at unbelievable prices. Wally's is highly recommended.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,1/31/2010,64,85,3,4,5>I'm a Mississippi transplant and we're serious about our Q.  This place is the Real Deal.The namesake ribs are incredibly tender with a wonderful hickory flavor.  They use a custom smoker and do it low and slow, probably around 12 hours for the pork shoulder.  The ribs are wrapped to finish in order to make sure they don't dry out.  The barbecue sauce is kept warm in the squeeze bottles and is tangy and sweet (I like to mix in a little Tabasco).  The sliced brisket is my second favorite, and I also like the sausage, chicken, pulled pork, and turkey.  I even ordered a Christmas ham from here (it was stupendous!)  I'd say the output, particularly the ribs and brisket, are championship-caliber barbecue (and I've been to my share of Memphis in May and other festivals).I really love their spicy baked beans, but if there is a flaw here it is that some of the side dishes are a bit bland to my palate (I'm looking at you, slaw and potato salad!)  The dirty rice is nice though.I don't know what a place like this is doing all the way out in Eden Prairie (this is the only Baker's Ribs NOT in TX), but since I work out there I sure am glad it's there.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,1/30/2010,165,364,1,6,3>I'm usually skeptical of eating Chinese food outside of NY or the West Coast, but Little Szechuan was a nice surprise in St. Paul.  I came here for a bday dinner and it was great to be able to try out multiple dishes family style.  My favorites were the green beans and crispy fish.  I wasn't expecting to like the fish-flavored eggplant, but I ended up loving it.  The tofu with shrimp was also good, but could have had a little more kick and the chicken was a little too crispy for my taste.  The portions here are huge so plan on bringing a big group.  Desserts were typical -cheesecake, chocolate, tiramisu, and not particularly unique.  I'd probably pass and go someplace else for that. The complimentary honeydew was a nice end to the meal.  The service here was very good.  There was always a fresh pot of tea on the table and the waiters were very accommodating for a large group.  Best part?  The meal was really cheap for the amount of food that we received. I would definitely come here with a group again.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2009,1/29/2010,124,263,5,5,6>Ketel One w/ soda and a lime?  Check!Tables along the sidewalk of the cutest block of Selby avenue?  Check!A waitress to bring you the Ketel One w/ soda?  Check!What more do you need on a gorgeous 70 degree evening in St. Paul?You don't even need friends.  The other patrons and passers-by will probably keep you entertained.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,1/27/2010,192,528,12,12,6>I've been looking for decent empanadas since my trip to Argentina and have found them at Los Andes.  I've been wanting to stop in since I heard about this place about a year ago, but just never got around to it.  I was driving by yesterday and after I passed it, I thought to myself, ah fuck it, and pulled a "U"ey.For being on a slightly dodgy strip of Lake Street, the restaurant was very clean and well maintained.  They had the Mexican equivalent of Rachel Ray on Univision and Andean Folk music playing in the background.  I was a little nervous because there was one of those annoying Peruvian wooden flutes on the wall, you know the kind that the guys wearing panchos play Simon and Garfunkel with in the malls.  Luckily that music was NOT playing in the restaurant. I knew I hit the jackpot when the waitress had very limited knowledge of the English language and the place was full of Latin American families enjoying their dinner. I ordered 2 carne empanadas and 1 queso, but the numbers got reversed, I'm assuming to a language barrier.  Both were awesome, the carne was superior, so I was disappointed that I only got one.  It came with a pretty spicy orange colored sauce with onions and sugar.  When I'm not terribly familiar with the food and they bring out special condiments, I don't ask questions, but slop the stuff on my food.  The sugar actually countered the heat of the sauce quite nicely.  The 3 substantial empanadas came to $4.50.  Not enough for a meal in itself, but pretty darn close.  I also ordered a side of deep fried plantains, for about $2.99.  I had never  had them before so didn't know what to expect.  There wasn't a whole lot of flavor, so I poured on the hot sauce.  They were very filling and with the empanadas made a nice meal. They have Colombian and Ecuadorian soda.  I tried Inca Soda.  It looked like Mountain Dew, but had a pineapple taste and a sort of bubble gum after taste.  It was something different and only $2.At this point I was ready to head out, but I noticed that everyone was ordering ice cream malts for dessert and thought I should give them a try.  They had a couple American flavors, strawberry and blackberry, but also several other fruits that I have never heard of.  I tried the Tamarind flavor because I bought a can of Tamarind flavored Jumex juice about a year ago and have been too chicken to try it, because the picture of the Tamarind on the label looks like a piece of lumpy shit.  I figured if it was in ice cream form, It would have to be good and then I could get an idea of what a Tamarind actually tastes like.  It was actually pretty sweet, kind of like a fig.  It gave me courage to finally open up the Jumex can.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,4/4/2012,26,28,3,4,2>I'm from Iowa and I know my pork.  After my meal last night, I'll be getting my pork fix at The Sample Room.  Our friends had been raving about this place.  I'm usually a bit leery of small plates.  I like to EAT and I never know if I'll end up with enough food.  When I do get enough food, my credit card is usually screaming in agony.  But The Sample Room is doing it right.We walked in at 9 pm and expected to wait a bit so we started with some 'tails. The Dark-n-Stormy and Berlin Boar were both good and quite strong. Once we were seated, we giddily perused the menu. With some help from our server, we decided on soup/salad, seared scallops, peppercorn seared tuna, goat cheese with dried tomatoes, and - this is the really, really good stuff - cauliflower fettuccine with pork belly and 'shrooms.  The goat cheese was good but I think goat cheese is always good.  The scallops were great and 'melt in your mouth'.  The tuna was absolutely the best tuna i've ever had in my life.  No joke.  I don't understand how that's possible considering we're in freaking Minnesota and I have eaten tuna on the coast of every ocean, but it's true.  The evenings feature pasta dish was so delicious.  I'm not sure how one makes cauliflower fettuccine, but I'm diggin' on it.  The pork belly was so good.  So, so good.  We finished our glasses of wine, enjoyed some pumpkin dessert, paid our ridiculously reasonable bill, and left quite happy to have found another gem in the TC. We'll be back.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,4/3/2012,78,118,3,7,5>Many of the Indian food places near me in NE MPLS are usually closed (when they are supposed to be open), have cold food (when it is supposed to be hot), and have "Minnesota" spice (when I ordered extra spicy).  So imagine my delight when this place did not have any of the aforementioned attributes.  Yay! Here are some reasons why I keep going back to this place:1.  Cozy Atmosphere.  It's not great for big dinners, which is fine by me.  I don't need drunk VIP wannabe's spoiling my din-din.2.  Decent price.  I didn't break the bank.  Always a plus.3.  Very good food.  The Nepali, Tibetan, Indian cuisine is actually really good.  Considering that my friend's parents who were of Nepali  and Indian descent used to make me very yummy food when I would go over to their houses, this place took me back and reminded me more of that good home cooking.  It didn't taste "restaurant-like" at all. (You know what I mean.)  I had the Yak mo-mos, the Chicken Paalak, and the Gulaab Jamun which has always been my favorite.  I have to say, they did not disappoint.Go here.  Do not stop, collect $200, or be fooled by other fusion places.  This is the place to be.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,4/2/2012,163,151,5,8,7>You know that moment when he wraps his coat around you?  The weight, the warmth, the subtle smell of his cologne - that's what this place feels like.For Sex in the City fans, this place is AIDAN dressed in a crisp white shirt - refined masculinity.We were seated in a four top in the massive bar area - it fit our mood perfectly.  We sampled a couple of craft brews (the list is impressive), a round of whiskey shots, the charcuterie platter...and the jalapeno poppers.  The platter did an excellent job of hitting every possible flavor note from salty, savory, sweet & spicy.  The poppers had peanut butter, which was yummy - but a little heavy.  Everything was excellent.  Server was great.Tip:  Just like it's sister restaurant Bar La Grassa, choose a couple of plates to share with the table.Cool Note:  The floor uses 3K in pennies.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,4/1/2012,31,152,2,4,4>BOMB.  Can I say this place is da BOMB?!? I may be dating myself, but it just feels like an accurate description.We went twice in one week, in winter no less, if that tells you anything.  The ice cream menu is diverse, interesting, delicious, and constantly being updated.  I tried the chocolate with a ricotta izzy the first time.  This is a truly beautiful combination.  The ricotta is heaven.The second time I tried the Mexican Chocolate Fiesta with a Norwiegan Chai izzy.  Both were truly inspired and inventive, as well as delicious.  My companion tried the salted caramel with buttermilk izzy.  These flavors were also very good, but the buttermilk had a little too much of a milk tang for my taste.Get here soon, and get here often.  The flavors found here are the kind that can transform your entire day.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,3/31/2012,45,124,3,4,3>This is my favorite Chinese food restaurant in MN.  Although the decor is outdated and seating is limited there's no denying that this place is well worth it.I grew up in New York and always found that the Chinese food in other states just didn't taste as good (to me).  Being in MN for the last 5yrs,  I pretty much gave up on finding anything similar to what I was used to, but then my friend introduced me to this place and I realized all hope was not lost. When I first went, I didn't expect it to taste as good as it did.  I had the fried rice, fried wings, roast duck and egg roll. Flavor, consistency, and coloring we're all on point. I felt like I was back home in Brooklyn.Also, they had had a good assortment of baked goods at the front counter.  Unfortunately, I didn't try anything, but based on the reviews I've read...I'm looking forward to it.  The only thing is... I wish they had General Tso Chicken on the menu.  If it is and I somehow missed it, let me know.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,3/30/2012,21,115,9,2,2>After going here for the first time today, I must proclaim to fellow Yelpers, "get thee to a bunnery" (with apologies to Hamlet).  I was jonesing for a cinnamon roll this morning and decided to swing by after reading positive reviews.The size of the cinnamon rolls is absolutely daunting.  After paying, I hefted it and staggered over to the side table to add yet more frosting.  I hoisted it yet again and dragged it outside before tucking into it like I was carving up a medium sized Thanksgiving Turkey.Guess what, no "quality vs. quantity" trade off here--surely almost a pound of cinnamony heaven.  Recommended training ground for competitive eaters.  I'll be back in a month or so after digestion of current roll is complete.As a side note, when I first arrived to order, I was surprised that the cash register people appeared to be about 3 feet tall.  After a moment, I realized that side of the counter is actually a step or two lower than the customer side.  Also, the rolls are so large that they make you lose perspective as to the size of other objects in the room.  Finally, I was not thinking too clearly and didn't connect the "Isles" in their name with Lake of the Isles, instead thinking it might have a Caribbean island flair with someone playing steel drums or something.  This was not the case, but possibly something for the owners to consider in the future as an enhancement to an already wonderful experience...
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,3/29/2012,92,196,3,5,4>My boyfriend & I decided to check this place out for a cheap date night, as employees of Regions Hospital (where I work) receive half off entrees for two on Tuesday evenings.  Not only did we receive half off our entrees, but on Tuesdays, Corks also features half price Irish drinks including Irish cocktails, beers, & scotch.  To top it all off, Corks has free Bingo on Tuesday nights & we won THREE times between the two of us which earned us two free drinks & a $10 gift certificate to Corks.The ambiance was great!  We were offered a table in the indoor garden of the hotel, or in the bar.  We chose the bar.  It was quiet (until Bingo), with low light, dark wood tables, chairs & bar, & various Irish decor.The waitstaff was great!  Everyone was attentive & nice.  Our server made some recommendations on food & beverages, & was very helpful when it came to choosing our menu items.  We ordered the Scottish eggs which were served with some delightful spicy mustards, and a supreme pizza which was pretty good.  We had a few Irish beers & some scotch & after my Regions discount & our Bingo winnings, we ended up spending less than $10 with tip.  What a deal! We will definetly be back!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,3/28/2012,108,154,3,5,4>I went here for the first time over Mother's Day, and 128 Cafe blew me away.  I recently went back, and obviously they woo-ed me again.  This place is phenonmenal!Some may complain about the grungy-bottom-of-an-apartment atmosphere, but that's one part that I adored.  It felt ridiculously cozy and like home, not giving off that "stuffy" feeling some upscale restaurants have.Their roasted garlic appetizer, with apple chutney, grilled baguette, and goat cheese is to die for. Seriously people, to die for.  It is a definitely MUST!I recently had their seasonal pasta, with squash, white beans, craisins, and spinach.  It was fantastic; very light, and not too heavy.  The rest of my party had their ribs, which left them no leftovers, as they devoured their entire plate.  Their menu changes often, so be sure to stop back to try something new.  Don't worry about missing that appetizer, as some items stay on the menu year round.Service is great, the food is delicious, and the space is charming.  My favorite new place to go for a celebration or special occassion,
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,3/27/2012,56,120,6,7,6>And the award for "Nicest Bathroom in a Dive Bar" goes to......Manning's!Seriously.  I felt like I walked into a whole other world that was clean, new and didn't smell terrible!  Way to go Manning's, this pushes you from "A-Okay" to "Yay! I'm a Fan"!We walked into a room where the median age was 52 - all there for dinner.  Uh-oh.  Not what we had hoped for.  But the waitress (who, statistically speaking was the outlier) must have recognized the look we had on our faces.  She quickly pointed us to the bar - where the median age dropped slightly.  But at least they weren't eating dinner at 5pm - this was a happy hour crowd.  This was our crowd.As with all my favorite watering holes - Grain Belt Premium was on tap and cold.  We settled in to a booth for cheese curds and a salad (It was a strange craving...I know).  Both of which were good....for a dive bar.  The place was comfortable and the service was friendly and good.  I hear there is free popcorn and good happy hour specials - but I guess that is for another day.  Manning's is a casual comfortable "old shoe" of the Como neighborhood.  A place that you can relax on a Friday, and will be appealing to all ages.  Next time I am in the neighborhood, I'm definitely heading back there.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/26/2012,140,449,1,2,3>After attending the exclusive one night showing of "Bike Dreams", and being amongst a veritable mob of bicyclists, I found myself thinking about how great a job this theater does for this community.  There was a line of people waiting to buy their tickets, and then a separate line for all those who pre-paid their tickets.  I'm quite sure this set-up minimized wait times for everyone wanting to view the film.  Behind the concessions counter, several people were working and they had lined up pre-filled buckets of (apparently) fresh popcorn (for quick sale transaction) and their popcorn kettle was continuously spewing out more.  They also had lined up some pre-filled cups of fountain beverages.  I think these thoughtful acts reduced the wait times for snacking customers.Not being much of a "biker" myself, I was amazed at the number of people here when tickets were $11 each.  There were very few open seats in the theater.I guess that bicyclists around this town are a very dedicated group.I think that a better venue for the film could not have been found.Thank you, Riverview!  Great job last night!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,12/2/2008,128,296,18,13,15>I am not the girl who has approximately 37 BFF's (OMG WTF!!!111!1!1!!!) so my "bachelorette" party was probably lame by most people's standards, especially since my favorite part of the night was spent in a dirty dive bar.  Ahhh, they are my people.  This is what we did:We went out for enchiladas.  Then we went to Gluek's and had a beer because I hadn't been there since 2003 and remembered having fun there when I was an under 25-er.  Then we sat at Shout House for an hour or so and watched some obese bachelorettes heave themselves on top of the pianos to be serenaded by the employees.  Then I put my foot down and said I couldn't handle downtown anymore and we headed straight for Cuzzy's.  We spent the rest of the night sitting on the back patio drinking Surly in a haze of cigarette smoke and cracking jokes at the expense of the The Loop patrons.  This is what we didn't do:There was no screaming.  There was no flashing.  There were no penis napkins, necklaces or straws.  I didn't kiss any strange men.  No sucking for bucking and definitely no ass-shaking and rump-grinding.  I thank Cuzzy's and can't wait to come back.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,12/1/2008,1,17,3,6,3>So that folks know what my rating basis is:* I don't care about "trendy". Those folks can take their "bean on a Dorito, wrapped in a lettuce leaf" $16 appetizers and peddle them elsewhere.* I want delicious food in reasonable portions, but my palate isn't jaded enough to feel a need for "fabulous" new fusion combinations of seafood and ice cream. The food just needs to be tasty.* I'm not looking for obsequious bowing; just friendly, somewhat attentive service (keeping the glasses filled is a start). But nothing ticks me off more than a host looking down his nose with, "ummm... did you call ahead?... ummm?" I'm not going to "call ahead" to get your permission to come to the restaurant. If you can't seat me in a reasonable amount of time, I'm simply going to move on. I don't believe in hanging around and grovelling for a table. * And finally, I'm looking for restaurants that don't turn up their nose when my wife and I bring our 4-year-old along with us for a nice dinner. We're not going to let him run around, or scream at the table. We'll just be having a quiet dinner.Deliver the above, and do it consistently, and I'll give a restaurant a 4* rating.If the above makes me "middle-brow", so be it!But on to Amore Victoria:My wife & I used to come to the Georgio's that was in this space in Uptown. We've been to Amore Victoria probably 6-7 times since it's opening. The quick overview is that the food's good, and there are a ton of choices, most of which can be customized to suit your preferences -- I know pasta substitutions are actively encouraged.They also have a kids menu with a variety of options, including the 9" pepperoni pizza we normally get our 4-yr-old. It's not Fudruckers by any stretch,  but they are fairly kid-friendly. It doesn't hurt that he's pretty well-behaved as long as he's got something to eat.:PWe always get the high-stacked bruschetta with garlic, olive oil & loads of fresh tomatoes (picture 2"-tall bruschetta). I'm not really sure how they get everything to balance so well on top of the little crostini's...On the entree-front, I've had and loved the Tortellini alla Pana (filled with veal, beef & spinach, in a cream sauce with mushrooms and prosciutto. Rich? OH YEA!), the Gnocchi Pomodoro (little potato dumplings in a fresh tomato sauce), the Gnocchi con Pistachio e Gorgonzola (in a white sauce with gorgonzola and pistachios), the White Clam Sauce, and the Spaghetti alla Carbonara (cream, egg & prosciutto ham with regiano cheese).I'd comment on the deserts, but the entrees are large enough that we seldom have room to try the deserts!Prices are reasonable: Pastas in the $11-$16 range, chicken dishes around $17, and seafood & veal dishes run around $22. You can find a menu at amorevictoria.com, but I'm pretty sure that their real menu has quite a few more items than they list online.We're not serious wine-folk, but I hear that they have what's considered a decent selection. For our tastes they have a variety of options in any given niche, with reasonable choices down into the mid-to-upper twenty-dollar a bottle range.Decor is fairly dim cafe-style. The tables are reasonably close together and the noise level can pep up a bit, on a busy night. But we have eaten in a separate area off of the main floor; that area is definitely quieter if you want to request it.As to crowding or waits: It looks like they've been drawing pretty solid crowds these days with an accompanying increase in background noise. It was definitely easier to walk in cold and get an immediate table, when they initially opened. As of our last visit, at 6 on a Friday, almost every table was occupied, but we were able to get a party of six in within a 5 minute wait, with no reservation (yes, they take reservations).Because of the good food, fast-seating, and good service, we generally chose to skip the lines, attitude and lack of tables at other trendy spots, to come here.:D
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,11/30/2008,22,54,9,5,6>To be fair, I've only ever eaten at Vincent during its happy hour, so I can only speak for that experience. Having said that, the Vincent happy hour experience is pretty rad.I recommend sitting at the bar, just because it feels a little more casual to be eating at the bar in this type of "fancy" restaurant, or, in other words, I would feel awkward eating at Vincent the way I usually dress if I weren't at the bar. From the times I've eaten at Vincent during its famous happy hour, the clientele seem to be twenty-something yuppie ad people, Target people, etc, etc. Not that I mind this, but, in truth, it's not my crowd. This is why I sit at the bar, to talk with the bartender about a BWCA trip or flyfishing.Although I assume that Vincent's food is generally tasty, I've only been able to enjoy the Vincent burger. Priced at only $8, it's quite a steal. Good luck finding any other hamburger stuffed with beef rib meat. The whole concept, meat stuffed with meat, mystifies me but not my tastebuds. Their is something so luxurious about a hamburger, stuffed with meat, as if the rich, fatty flavor of the hamburger wasn't enough. The chef who designed this masterpiece said to himself, "What does this hamburger need?" and concluded that it needed more meat. It reminds me of turducken, a chicken inside of a duck, inside of a turkey. It's just so disgustingly delicious.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,11/29/2008,2,38,,7,6>I was referred here by a co-worker when I worked in Eden Prairie.  He said Broder's was where he and his wife used to eat every weekend when they lived in Richfield.  He had nothing but effusive praise for this restaurant and said we simply had to check it out.So I went there one Friday night and he was not kidding, and it's no secret this place has good pasta.  It is located in a good part of Richfield.  There is actually two Broder's restaurants right across the road from each other.  We ate at the Pasta Bar, and from what` I understand the other is more of a deli.  We waited at least 45 minutes in a hallway with seats where a waitress would come by and refill people's glasses with wine.  I was told by my friend they have an exceptional selection of good wine there, although I did not try it.  They say it's a neighborhood institution and I would have to agree with that.  It also has a romantic element and would be good for dates.  When we were called and ordered our food we were pleasantly surprised by what we got.This is authentic homemade Italian food.  I would describe it as fine dining food with a casual atmosphere.  The noodles and sauce are fresh and homemade, the meat and cheeses are top quality, and the food is put together and plated with the elegance of a four star chef.  They are not shy with their ingredients either.  I had a mac and cheese dish and I love cheese.  For me the more cheese the better.  But this was the first time the cheese was almost more than I could handle.  They even topped the plate off with a cheddar waffle cheese crisp.  I've had Macaroni and cheese from Wolgang Puck and Paula Deen's restaurants and this was the best I've had, although it was too rich to finish it all.  I forgot what my wife had, but I remember it being even better than my dish.This restaurant is special enough to drive a half hour or more to see, in my humble opinion.  If you go there in the summer time, eat on the outdoor patio.  I would say it is a small step up from Biaggi's and two steps up from both Cosetta's and The Old Spaghetti Factory.  There's only one place I've had better Italian food, and that is a little hidden place called Trattoria Michelangelos in Hopkins which is a little more authentic and a little less mainstream, so it wouldn't appeal to as many people as Broder's.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,11/28/2008,15,18,6,6,6>If there were some sort of "American Idol" for restaurants I would have the text code for "Heidi's" on speed dial and ignore my cell phone overage costs for as long as it took to have Ryan Seacrest tell America that "Heidi's" is the "New American Idol!"  I've been a number of times and each time I walk out rhetorically asking my dining companions "How f'ing good was that?!?!? No, seriously, how f'ing good was that?!?!"  I was there a year ago and had lamb chops that go into my "Dinner Entree Hall of Fame" (yes, I have a HOF for all courses of a meal.)  The sea bass is always on the menu when I go and if you don't order it you are dumber than you look; it is terrific.  After my last visit I simply looked at my wife and told her "I want to eat like this for the rest of my life." Enough said.  Go there. Go there now.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,11/27/2008,10,27,6,6,6>This place was simply phenomenal. We had a larger group (8) so we had one of those big round tables with the lazy susan in the middle and had our meal family-style. I'm not entirely sure what we got... We had Fun Noodles with Beef, Spicy Fried Beef and Veggies, Chinese Broccoli, a spicy fish dish of some sort, rice, spicy cold noodle salad and a milder kind of beef. Round and round and round we went sampling a little bit of everything. The food was probably the best Chinese food I have ever had the pleasure of eating in my entire life, and the wait staff never seemed annoyed or perturbed with us at all. They kept coming back to make sure we were happy with our food and to see if we wanted to order anything else. I can't wait to go back again, and the next time I definitely want to try something a little more off the beaten path. Because they have some VERY interesting items on the menu. I can pretend I am Anthony Bourdain!!!!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,11/26/2008,10,14,3,5,6>Izzy's is hands down THE BEST ICE CREAM I'VE EVER HAD!  I was blown off my feet, cannot not even put into words how good the peanut butter soy ice cream was.  I've never had soy ice cream and was a little skeptical at first but all that went away with my first bite.  Ya gotta go to this place and check it out.  Extra info:-you can put your name on a list to be notified when flavors come in because they change so often-they put an "izzy" on top of every ice cream which is a little sample of any ice cream of your choice.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,11/25/2008,3,24,6,4,4>I don't know if it's the Jew in me, but I just love bagels and will always love the bagel. Big Apple Bagel makes a mean bagel. I get it toasted dark with low-fat cream cheese. I love um- crunchy on the outside and moist and warm in the inside. I thought I could only find bagels like this at My Favorite Muffin, I was wrong...
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/24/2008,183,586,,5,5>My new favorite place in the neighborhood. We've lived in the North Loop for over a year now, yet hadn't stopped in to Sawatdee until last night, even though it's only five blocks away and I've walked past it countless times. I should know better -- this is exactly what happened with Koyi, which incidentally is right next door, and when I finally decided to give it a try, it turned out to be one of the best "hidden gem" places in the city. Sawatdee has the same kind of appeal: Great bargain eats in a super-chill setting that I can't wait to come back to.As soon as we stepped in the door, I knew I was going to like this place. It has a cool industrial-meets-ethnic vibe, with exposed brick walls, Thai-themed accoutrements, a red-lit bar and a killer music selection (Minus the Bear, Discount). It's got a comfortable shabbiness to it. Not really the kind of place to bring a first date...unless the person is extremely awesome and would consider the fact that you brought them to Sawatdee a testament to how boss you are and not as some kind of cop out.The next tip-off that I was going to love this place was the menu: There are about a billion things that I want to try. I went with a chicken and rice curry dish and it was really, really solid. The bf got a curried veggie dish with mock duck and he loved it. We also tried the fried tofu. I was hesitant - usually tofu comes out as a flavorless, chewy mess. What we got was probably as good as tofu gets. It was light and crispy, and came with two kinds of dipping sauces. I loved the peanut sauce. I can't wait to go back for the pad thai and pad see yew and massamum curry, ect, ect. Caveat: I'm by no means an expert in any kind of ethnic cuisine, Thai included. My metric for judging the food is based on how delicious my decidedly Midwestern taste buds find it to be, and the level of incredible I feel afterwards. Sawatdee soared on both counts. The service was of the "standard dive" variety. Somehow at places like this the servers manage to be both efficiently attentive and completely uncaring at the same time. No complaints from me. When I asked for help deciding on a dish, the server didn't have any comment besides "they're all good," which was more amusing than anything else. Food came out super fast, and our water glasses were never empty. Great HH specials - $3 house wines and taps, of which there are ten varieties, including Bells Two-Hearted & Oberon and Surly Furious and some others that I hear are dandy. I think there are food specials as well but I didn't catch them. I will find out on the next visit and update.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/23/2008,89,213,19,14,9>it's been awhile since I;'ve yelped. back in scotland, finally found an apt after almost paying nyc prices for a prison cell univ room, did the maid of honor duties, ate some haggis, its time to get back in the game.there are many subjects that when talking about sarcasm is a necessity- eg, men, minnesota winters, my stomach issues, dating, palin, etc.there are other, though few, subjects that when talking about sarasm is never welcomed- eg, why i spent a month of my mpls summer doing the fat flush just to gain it all back craving carbs,  why scottish men are generally the least attractive group ever seen, my diabetic cat, and hair color.i have had every hair color. some intentionally, many not. you see, one of the benefits of completely damaged, coarse, porous hair is that it consumes color. it absorbs color often surprising you when your hair is dry, making that bitch on the box totally moot. i stopped doing the box colors unless it was to cover my 40% gray re-growth a long time ago, after having to get my hair stripped after i dyed it a black darker than shoe polish- a color i was told did not exist on any human, globally, and another time in which a dark red became a purple that brought tears to my loved ones' eyes.though i will gladly spend 8 bucks on a cut, a color is not something to fuck around with.  i have a friend who is unnaturally blonde. it cannot be real. that is not the point. it is even, it is consistent, it is a perfectly executed color. i asked her where she went. she told me she went to this place where the woman who did her color was so fucking amazing  that she only did color and no cuts. it was a bit far from where i lived and i called weeks in advance.this woman, i was told, would change my life.her name is mi'shawn. she is at the beauty room. i have never been happier in my life with my hair color. i am not fucking around. im debating if she is worth the 900 buck round trip ticket from edinburgh so i can see her at xmas. i shit you not,  she is unfucking real.  and i do not, ever, joke about hair color.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/21/2013,58,80,4,6,6>Thank you, Solomon's, for making me the hit of breakfast/brunch potlucks several times these past few months! Being that Solomon's is super close to me, and most of the bus lines I take to get around town, and that I was running super late to brunch at a friend's one Sunday morning a while ago, I stopped in hoping for something delicious to procure and share. The spot is pretty unassuming, kind of dark, and with just a few table and chair sets scattered in the middle of the store. Really was not sure what to expect.But then, I was directed by a friendly face behind the counter to try a sample of savory croissant. Oh my. Flakey, and rich, but not overwhelming in butteryness. filled with just the right amount of feta and spinach. So, SO good. So of course, I proceed to get at least 3 times as many as needed for the potluck. I bought a variety of sweet, savory, and plain in order to give everyone a chance to try one of each. As I've done for several gatherings since - and usually, all the pastries are gone. My absolute favorite thing I've gotten here is the ricotta-raisin croissant...the lemony ricotta works really well with the sweet raisins and richness of the croissant. So tasty.I've also had their palmiers (I ADORE palmiers), and really enjoyed them. I haven't been quite as impressed with the donuts and scones, hence one star off - but it was pretty early on in their run so they may have gotten the kinks out and produce more flavorful, moist items in those categories now.Overall, I'm glad for the addition to the neighborhood. Really tasty baked goods and I never have to plan ahead for brunch ever again. And anyone who helps me procrastinate certainly deserves some love.a
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/20/2013,93,58,6,7,5>My first time coming here was this weekend. I've been here twice now.  Yes I came to this place twice in a row since I've heard about it. I am in love with their banh mi sandwiches! I've tried the grilled pork and the regular cold cut sandwich. So good. So fresh. Their spring rolls are just as good and made just like how my mama makes it. The restaurant is simple yet clean and the menu is easy to read. The staff is friendly as well. It was quite busy in the morning but the evening is much quieter and if you check into Yelp after 4pm, you get a buy 2 get 1 free offer. I am Vietnamese and I approve this restaurant!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,7/19/2013,94,61,5,5,5>Oh Yogurt Lab...Seriously, thanks a lot for finding a new way to pick my pocket. I wish I had never discovered you. Actually, that is a lie. I want to install you in my apartment.Cheesecake frozen yogurt, combined with raspberries, brownie bites and MORE cheesecake bites? Yes please! I will gladly take more. And more.The set up is fun, and reminds me of Chinese buffets I went to as a kid. Pull the yogurt handle on the wall, fill your cup of choice, then head over to the toppings buffet. They have healthy to sinful topping choices. My ingredients are worthy of hellfire, and I love them.After loading up on bad decisions, my yogurt is then weighed and rung up by a friendly little human who clearly doesn't eat the brownie topping. Only complaints are that it gets a little expensive (that probably is helpful in keeping my waistline down, however) and they don't have the same yogurts every day. I am a Minnesotan, I like my traditional cheese cake yogurt.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,7/18/2013,2177,528,8,13,10>YUM for Yum! Seriously, it should be all caps! And I might be heavy on the exclamation points in this review along with dotting my i's with little puffy hearts! I learned from a YUM expert to skip the postage stamp size lot and find parking in the nearby gorgeous, historic neighborhood. Great opportunity to stroll and take in some magnificent homes. And the short, winter walk? Well worth it!YUM is a bright, open and warm eatery. Line up, order, grab a seat and your cuisine is efficiently delivered to you. With a Minnesota smile. Damn I'm glad I moved home! The beet, fennel & salmon salad with a wasabi vinaigrette and the split pea soup were PERFECTION and yes, YUM! My eating buddy and total bestie allowed me to sample her amazing chicken tarragon salad and I definitely scarfed down a few, OK, many bites of the YUMmy Mac n cheese.We noshed, chatted, took in the lively crowd and left as happy campers. I vow to go back not only for the food, but to take time and share a dessert and maybe even fit in a ding dong ditch to one of the nearby mansions!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/17/2013,515,227,10,11,12>Awesome happy hourGigantic chimichangasSee you tomorrow!I have been to The Agave Kitchen probably five to ten times over the past six years.  For the Midwest, they do Southwestern cuisine quite well.  Happy Hour is twelve to five everyday.  Had the Happy Hour chimichanga today for 7 bucks.  It is massive and delicious.  I made a valiant effort, but I could not quite finish it.  So stuffed, I did not even get to the chips and salsa that it comes with.  Dining companion got two tacos for three bucks.  Three dollar glasses of wine during happy hour and five dollar 24 oz taps.  I can also vouch for their salads and burgers.  Never been disappointed with my meal.The ambience is quite cool and unique.  Three stories with a large open glass window in the front.  Third floor is sports bar.  First and second floors are more upscale. Very impressive looking bar on the first floor.  Heard others at the bar commenting on how it is their favorite place for people watching.Met the owner when they first opened at this location.  Nice guy.  He hooked me up with a cigar (no charge) from a certain country in the Caribbean which I will leave unnamed.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,7/16/2013,26,36,6,2,2>I also have a confession to make. I've never eaten in the actual restaurant and have only ordered take-out as I live close by and prefer to take Instagram shots of my food in private. This is done in order to light and stage the food appropriately as to make my online friends even more jealous of the amazing food I'm eating. With the E Noodle Cafe my followers are cannot help themselves but comment "Where is that from??" and "Where is this place??". Double question marks. You know it's serious...Sayings like "hidden-gem" and "hole-in-the-wall" are the first things people would write about E Noodle Cafe and I would agree with all of those statements. If you live in St. Paul and like Asian food you are sorely missing out. This family owned restaurant feels like one and that's a good thing.You'll read in a lot of reviews about the chicken noodle soup (which is amazing) but don't stop there. Grab the home made egg rolls and just about anything else on the menu (vegans encouraged to apply!) and I promise you won't be let down!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,7/15/2013,264,422,3,4,4>Update - So, now I work about two buildings from this place. Which means I'm royally screwed. In the goods sense. Like, "Now I HAVE to go to this place at least once a week" (twice last week, no joke). I did finally break away from the sushi and tried out their pork belly ramen. It was a tad salty, and I'm not sure if it's because I'm getting the bottom of the pot, but man if it isn't bursting with pork goodness. I'm definitely trying it again when I'm in a porcine mood. I've also tried their steamed buns -- with pork belly, again -- and it's also very yummy. I like the buns chewiness and it was just the right thickness to hold the protein and veggies together. YUM. I'm in trouble.I've been craving sushi a lot lately. Like, a lot a lot. Which can be a bit of a problem during lunch when I really want it but wouldn't touch the pre-made sushi box at our cafeteria with a ten foot pole. The rice HAS to be fresh, and nothing says stale, crackly rice than sushi sitting in a refrigerator for more than an hour. One Two Three Sushi is not phenomenal, but it fits the bill and hits the spot and takes the cake and I can keep going with all these colloquialisms. There can be a bit of a wait during rush hour, but they do a pretty good job moving people along and giving you a dedicated sushi maker. They're not as fast as a Chipotle assembly line, but they're also waiting for you to make your mind up about what protein, two veggies, one topping, and one sauce (although I cheat and get two) you want. It's not a chicken burrito bowl man, so calm yo self. The first time I went there I got a little frazzled and ordered two pretty identical sushis, but they were both delicious, so who cares? The rice was excellent; I seriously think the quality of the rice is as important as the quality of the fish (otherwise, just get sashimi), so I'm super pleased with how fluffy and slightly sticky and carbolicious the rice is here. They have several raw and cooked options for your protein, and I've had their yellowtail tuna, shrimp tempura, and albacore on separate occasions. They're fairly decent, although maybe next time I'll have the sauce on the side so I can really assess the fish. The shrimp tempura was yummy, can't really go wrong with tempura-battered anything really. The sauces were delightful, ranging from the sweet miso sauce to the Screaming Thai, which I have yet to try. I picked up wasabi pretty well in their Hawaiian Wasabi, and the spicy mayo was milder than I had hoped. Going to One Two Three takes planning, since I know it gets packed fast during lunch, and it's a bit of a walk from work. But, what can I say? The tummy knows what the tummy wants. And the tummy wants to eat the sea.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/14/2013,22,118,2,2,2>I love this place. It isn't the best quick Mexican I've had, but it is way better than Taco Bell, which happens to be next door.Seriously, if you just need a quick meal or a hangover lunch (you know, when you wake up so late you've missed weekend brunch) this is the place that will save you. I love the rojo and verde salsas they have, super super good! I get the Sopes smothered in them, and the bonus, without meat these bad boys are only $2.99. I also adore the cheese Quesadilla, it's hard not to feel the love when full of cheese and for $4.99 it's a winner. The flavors are fresh and simple. I tried the Tamarind Tea the other day, and I think it was good, or I'd like to try it again anyways, I was just too out of it to enjoy anything but water. If you catch my drift. The staff is friendly and sometimes you wait a little long when it's busy, but it's fresh people, so just give it a chance!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,7/13/2013,731,659,2,5,3>Pleasantly surprised! Actually, very pleasantly surprised...We had some family in town for the weekend, and they were staying downtown with a group of friends. They had all already started drinking without us a few hours earlier... so knowing that this pub was right across from the Target Center, I was very afraid it would be too touristy and not necessarily great quality. BUT... I'm glad that I was proven wrong. A few Jameson Gingers later.... :) Both my husband and I ordered the Fish & Chips, and it was very good! The fish was cooked well and tasted great, not greasy or slimy like other fish & chips. The smaller portion was perfect for me.. well, actually there were more fries than I needed. But it was a good size. My sister-in-law ordered the chicken strips - and they were amazing! Especially with their zesty honey-mustard sauce. Our server was great! Very attentive to us and accommodating, no matter how obnoxious our group was getting. Cozy atmosphere...I think I even saw a fireplace en route to the ladies room. I would definitely go back here again, even just if for food.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/12/2013,13,43,2,3,3>Best popovers...ever!  Eggy, moist and made even better by a pad of butter or spoonful of jelly.This place is always completely packed with people every time I'm there.  But, the counter folks do a great job of keeping the line moving.  Even though there may be 10 people in between you and your food, you should still be able to get in and out fairly quick.They make huge sandwiches and also have a decent but small deli case of to go items like salmon, asparagus, fruit salad, quinoa. I'd recommend stopping by for breakfast, either in or outside or grabbing a couple high end deli items to go either post Calhoun Square shopping or pre Lake Calhoun canoeing!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,12/12/2008,949,964,7,6,3>The last time I went here was as a result of having a craving for The Weinery. They happen to have the best cole slaw. As soon as I walked in, I was hit with this stench, and almost heaved. I couldn't get it to go, as they don't carry containers, so I wolfed it down and got the hell out of there. In all fairness, the food is great and it is what it is. If you go, wear shabby clothes and brace yourself. I felt like I needed to be cleansed, so I dropped by st. martin's table.This  was about 11am on Halloween and I sat down and read the latest issue of the circle(the Indian paper). I ordered a cup of mushroom barley soup, and it comes with a thick slice of homemade whole wheat bread, that begs to be slabbed with butter. No coke here, a glass of lemon water was totally satisfying. I miss the lemonade you can only get apr-sept.  It was also opening day of their remodeling, it made the bookstore and check out roomier and more organized. I was put out that they switched the single bathroom from one closet to another, it wasn't as nice and they really could use two. It get's busy there, and it's always occupied. The dining area was perfect as is, they have really cool tables, with an almost funky 70's feel, without going braless. For not a very extensive menu, you still get the feeling of not being sure what to order. Mostly because of the variety of choices, and you get full quickly, cause you know you'll pig out on the bread and don't want to order too much. It is vegetarian and vegan, and yes I did feel healthier when I left.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,12/11/2008,85,193,1,7,4>This place is AWESOME. I discovered this place a few months back when I was wandering around Southdale mall (I know, lame.) Everything in this store is half off (or more if you get lucky). For the past few months that I've shopped here, I have purchased...-boots-jeans-jewelry-scarvesThey are all absolutely very cute and very trendy. If it's daylight and you're reading this, go. Go drive there right now and check it out. Have a ball!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,12/10/2008,123,249,4,9,5>Best sushi happy hour in town hands down!  There are 10+ types of rolls to choose from for only $4 each.  The fish is fresh and the quality is superb.  They also have many drink specials such as wines, beer, and martinis for under $5.  I got 4 types of sushi rolls and a glass of red wine for under $23!  I really enjoyed the salmon and avocado and hamachi rolls.The service was good too.  My waitress was attentive but not over bearing.  I think one of the owner's was helping her out too.  The sushi chef was able to hand the sushi to me right after he prepared it since I was sitting at the sushi bar.This is the perfect place to come after work if you're craving sushi and a drink.  The happy hour ends at 6:30 and it's not advertised on their website.  I love it here so far!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,12/9/2008,126,381,26,16,10>This restaurant has the BEST BURRITO I have found in Minnesota but it did not come cheap. The meals run about $10 for burritos and $15-$20 for more complicated things like Camarones a la Diabla.I am a serious burrito hunter so that's what I always order. The veggie comes with corn, white northern beans, lettuce, tomatoes, rice, onions, cilantro, etc. just like any other veggie burrito but they must put a little crack cocaina in the recipe for the beans because they seriously get me high in my tummy.If I could fill up a jacuzzi with these beans and swim in them all day long I would. If I could pour these beans down my pants and walk around in them all day long I would. If I could snort these beans through a rolled-up $20 bill, I would! I think you are getting the picture. The burrito comes with shoestring french fries. Minnesota Latinos must be taking cues from Del Taco but if anybody says french fries and burritos dont go well together they're obviously brain damaged. It's a union as glorious as Britney & K-Fed: dysfunctional yet full of excitement.Aside from food, you might want to come here for the scenery alone. If you like the Latinos, you will never see so many fine looking Nortenos packed into one place in your life, not even in Ciudad Juarez. This restaurant has a monopoly on hot Mexican cowboys in tight jeans and ostrich boots. Even if you dont lust after their vaqueros, you still might enjoy having a meal amongst them. Practice your Spanish at least! The servers speak broken English but if you are willing to try your best, so are they.  This is the type of authentic Mexican restaurant that Minnesotans always say they WANT to find but in the end they run in fear to Chipotle. Do you have the cojones to eat here?P.S. They have all kinds of Mexican beer and they sell a bucket (yep) of Coronas for pretty cheap. Helps to cool off your mouth after slathering your food with green Yucateco hot sauce.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/8/2008,102,347,3,4,4>Black Sheep opened today, to constant but seemingly controllable fanfare.  The menu is short and sweet - a few specialty pizzas, some appetizers and salads and a nice wine/beverage list.  I started with a $5 glass of house wine, I was pleased, however I'm a particularly non-picky wine connoisseur,My dining partner and I each ordered a 12" pizza because we are in the sort of relationship where we will never agree upon toppings, nor settle for anything less than what we each desire.  I got a cheese pizza and added tomato, and he ordered the meatball pizza.The pizzas arrived shortly after, despite the pretty constant flow of diners and carry-outers on this opening night.  Both were cooked perfectly, with crispy but chewy crust and the ever-illusive, right cheese:sauce:crust ratio.The cheese and tomato pizza was great.  In hindsight, I wish I added basil, but it was simple, delicious and just what I was looking for.  Boyfriend's meatball pizza was also good, and I'm interested in trying the meatballs again, which are on the appetizer menu.  I particularly like their sauce - it's sweet and simple, which chunks of real (!) tomato popping through the cheese.Two beers, 1 glass of wine and 2 12" pizzas later, we were $36 in the hole, about $20 of that spent on the pizzas.  All in all, a very good deal.  Watch out Cuzzys - I may just have a new go-to local place.  (Please don't be mad, Cuz.  There will always be a special place for you in my heart... unless Black Sheep starts delivering, then it's all downhill for you.)
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2008,12/7/2008,3,6,3,5,3>Albeit partially due to propinquity, I love Eli's. I can always count on them for a friendly bartender and an indifferent waitress (the latter being the only reason I withhold one star) although this place looks and feels like the local pub, Eli's is ALL ABOUT THE FOOD. They construct much of what they serve from scratch and it shows both in product, and wait time. Must haves are the filet mignon and their soups, and Their Cobb Salad is the best in the city, order it with the equally remarkable cesar dressing and I promise you will be back. As for the seating:  Al fresco dining is too noisy due to proximity to a busy section of Hennepin Ave and the relatively narrow sidewalk can make foot traffic bothersome. And although the cute two seat table in the window is normally open and appears charming, I find the buzz and less-than-flattering light from the neon in the window to be an annoyance after the initial charm of the view wears off. In short, I don't come here for ambiance, friendly staff or comfortable seats, I come for the good prices and truly fantastic food, which is worth the wait.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2008,12/6/2008,2,2,1,8,7>This is THE best Thai food in the Twin Cities, bar none.  I was brought here by a group of vegetarian friends and sampled many of the vegetarian versions of their menu items.  Since every dish is prepared fresh and the kitchen is so clean, this is a frequently visited place for my vegan friends.  I will return frequently to revisit these dishes and explore others.Naviyas uses fresh spices, roots, chile peppers, citrus (without cutting corners with canned spices/herbs) affecting how you taste the fresh herbs, vegetables, seafoods, meats and other food items in their dishes.  Since each dish is prepared a' la minute (at the last minute) the herbs and spices are blended in to the wok resulting in layers of fresh flavors, creating dishes as though she (Naaviyas) were cooking in her kitchen for a few friends.In traditional Oriental medicine, it is believed the human body is made up of five essential elements. Associated with each of them is a category of flavor derived from natural foods. When the five elements are in balance, the body is in good health; when any are deficient or excessive; the harmony of the body is disturbed. One way to insure good health is to include in the diet a cuisine which uses a consistent balance of natural foods representing the five flavors: Salty, Sweet, Sour, Bitter (Green Leaf and all other vegetables to a lesser degree) and Pungent (Hot, Spicy). Because Thai cuisine utilizes all five, almost to an equal degree, it is perceived as a perfect health-enhancing cuisine.So, not only is this the best tasting Thai food in the Twin Cities, it also is a great health food!  Win-win-YUM!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2008,12/5/2008,84,289,16,13,8>Palmer's is a good test for people who claim to like dive bars. On the continuum of hipster/ironic to actual dive bar Palmer's fall a few stops closer to actual dive than many. The neighborhood is sketchy, the clientle can be shady and the staff seems ready to stomp out problems (perhaps too ready, according to some accounts here). You don't have to worry about bumping into any suburbanites or sorority sisters here.They pour the drinks STRONG here, but let me tell you, you won't notice at first. Using some supreme bartending jujitsu, they can pour drinks that don't taste unpleasantly strong but still knock you upside the head. Be warned: drink that first one slowly.The back patio is a wonderous little maze of tables, chairs, couches, and booths. Dogs roamed freely. Be warned: the patio has a strict "no smoking crack" rule. My last visit was a sunday night. They had some live blues/old-time bands, which suited the prohibition era feel of the place. It was damn good. Dancing erupted. It was relaxed and friendly. Drinks disappeared and minds turned hazy. Good times. I believe my sunday nights are booked for the foreseeable future. The West Bank/Cedar-Riverside neighborhood has been in my good graces lately, and Palmer's is an integral part of it. It's the real deal. No pretenses, no bullshit, just an honest neighborhood bar.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,12/4/2008,13,116,4,6,5>dayum - that was an awesome lunch.  this has been on the to check out list for a couple of months now and candidly each time we'd tried to go check it out, it was packed and there was a wait.  which lead us to heidi's, similar problem, which led us to broders, which is the standby, especially with kid in tow.however, i managed to hit blackbird cafe for lunch with a coworker who lives in the hood and was working from home as well today.  the portabella mushroom sandwich was probably the best i've ever had, paired with a tapenade it had just the right balance in my mouth. the fries looked and smelled obscenely good, but i opted for the cream of potato soup with bacon hunks in it.  i would order it again in a heartbeat.i'll be back.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,12/3/2008,126,203,6,5,8>I frking love Costco and heres why:They pay their people well-(greeter guy ALWAYS is legitimately friendly, so is the check your receipt as you leave guy)They always have samplesTheir individually packed Atlantic Salmon rules (frozen not on the little foam plate)They have a bitchin cheese called Dubliner that is kickass and cheapTheir tire service is outstanding with outstanding warrantiesThe hot dog/drink combo in the front cafe  (1.50-yeeeeaaahh!!)Giant packs of Gummi Bears, Stacy's Pita Chips, and garlic sourdough bread - bring   it    on!!!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,11/22/2012,133,174,2,5,3>I just love the Walker and everything it provides. A gorgeous sculpture garden, ample free events, lots of bike parking, hidden gems throughout the campus. It is a gem in the city. Convenient to get to on foot and bike. Tougher by car but still accessible. What I like about the Walker is all the ways it focuses on connecting and engaging the community. This summer Open Fields had so many free and fun events from the Internet Cat Film Fest to knitting circles, free music, food trucks and all kinds of kid events; the Walker encourages people to come a be a part of something. Advocating for the arts is so important and the Walker does an excellent job of helping keep a community engaged and entertained.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/21/2012,134,345,2,3,5>This is my go-to bakery for just about everything - weddings, birthdays, company events, breakfast on the way to work...seriously, everything.  I have ordered pies, cakes, bars, donuts, bread, cookies, and it's ALL good.Sarah Jane's is a lovely little neighborhood gem that's been around forever and a day.  My Mom used to come here when her favorite restaurant was Nan's (in the Hazel's location).  Come September, we are talking at least 30 years here, folks.  It has stood, and continues to stand, the test of time.  While other establishments have come and gone, Sarah Jane's has remained.  This one falls under the neighborhood small business umbrella.  I try my best to bring cash, as I know that credit card fees are rough for small business owners - especially ones whose wares are less than a buck a piece.  Check out Sarah Jane's the next time you are in the mood for a sweet treat.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,11/20/2012,75,71,3,4,2>I had the pleasure of getting dragged to the Colossal Cafe last Sunday, and as a breakfast lover I cannot complain about any of the things that happened to me that morning. I spent less than ten dollars on breakfast, and for the amount of food I received I felt like I was stealing or something was miscalculated. I got the breakfast sandwich on a clearly homemade biscuit. The sandwich was larger than my head and cooked to perfection. It contained the classic thick cut mid-western bacon, nice sharp cheddar, and a well cooked egg. I made a foolish, but delicious mistake and also ordered a side of hash-browns. They came out crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and were the size of notebook page! For a Beautiful Sunday morning I could not believe that we could stroll right in at 9:30 order at the counter and receive our breakfast in a very short amount of time. The service was more than accommodating and pleasant. The space was well lit, clean, and had outside seating. I am excited to go back, because I saw people waltzing around with pancakes that I should probably meet.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/19/2012,34,146,2,2,2>Wow! Best steakhouse ever!  Came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday night, we had an 8:30 reservation and were a little bit early, but luckily there was a couple seats open in the bar.  We had a couple drinks before we were called to be seated.  I loved the atmosphere of this place... The dark wood and the white table clothes, the brown and white cow hides hanging on the walls... Although the decor seemed very masculine, at the same time was very simple and elegant..We were seated in a booth upon which we requested, in the main dinning room. I loved the large tray that they rolled to our table to show us all the available food options.  It's nice to have a visual of what you plan to order.  Our waiter was very kind and patient and was prompt with putting in our order.  I opted for the two kind crab legs (2 lbs of meat). Absolutely delicious... I couldn't even finish it there I was so stuffed, so I boxed up my leftovers and took them home. My date got the porterhouse... His favorite piece of meat that he's ever ate (he's the ultimate steak man)!  Although this place was pricey, it was absolutely worth every bite and dollar!  A great place to come for a special occasion or if your looking for a nice evening out on the town.   I know for a fact we will be back here again in the near future!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/18/2012,30,133,2,2,2>There's so much to love about Honeyshine!  Here we go:* Comfortable, homey feel right when you walk through the door* Wide range of genuinely cool products: home decor, jewelry, photo frames and more* Totally reasonable prices (i.e., a set of 6 fancy drinking glasses for under $40)* Great gifts and they wrap them so cutely (and have tons of greeting cards to go with)* Friendly salespeople who let you peacefully browse and explore, but are available to answer any/all questions* Lots of street parking availableSounds like you would love this place too, right?
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/17/2012,75,130,2,2,2>Wow. When our Twin Cities supper club decided to eat here, I wasn't initially too pysched, but I was quickly proven wrong.First, I went to their website to check out their menu before going, and their website is cool, hip and has great presentation. After reading the bio on the chef, I was pleasantly more optimistic for the outing.Upon getting there, we were told we'd have a 30 minute wait (large party of 8), and unfortunately, no - they don't take reservations (they are a bar, after all). That said, the hostess was awesome and was able to squeeze us all together much sooner than that (15 minutes).The service was impeccable, and the food? Well, let's just say it was the freshest vegetable ramen tahini dish I've had in a long time! I washed it down with their crazy spicy lemonade (Hello? Creative and yummy!), and overall, rolled out of there incredibly satiated by this little Minneapolis bar.It's spacious. It's hip. It's got great food and an incredible beer list. I'm in for life. Thanks Pat's Tap!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/16/2012,86,158,4,5,5>Broder's gets a lot of love on Yelp and, trust me, it is well deserved. My mom is a huge lover of Italian food so when she and I decided to get together for dinner this past weekend, I knew which cuisine to look for. I couldn't help but be intrigued by the overwhelming amount of positive reviews for BPB, so I decided to call for a reservation. Oh wait, they don't take them (only downfall).Instead, we called ahead for two on a Saturday night and they told us once we got there we would have to wait an hour. Not the most fortunate situation but I took it as a sign that they have REALLY great food. Once we arrived, we took our buzzer and headed across the street to check out Broder's Cucina Italiana.**TIP ALERT: if you have a long wait, just go across the street and grab a glass of wine or buy some great pastas and sauces at the Cucina Italiana. This is what my mom and I did. Your buzzer is still in range so you won't miss if they page you.Once our table was ready, we tossed back our remaining wine and headed back over to grab our seats at the bar. We started off with the bocconcini - my WORD was the mozzarella fresh. Like any smart mother-daughter pair, we always share our entrees so we opted for two unique dishes: the ravioli con cucuzza (butternut squash ravioli) and linguine con vongole (linguini and neck clams with pepper and white wine). Both were spectacular but the linguine stole the show. The sommelier picked our wine and it perfectly complimented our meal. Wow, I am RAVING. Long post - bottom line, Broder's is truly wonderful. Their exclusive feel is a little ridiculous but they certainly deserve all of their hype.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,11/15/2012,36,255,3,6,7>Friend and I NEEDED an Indian fix and was recced here by a friend. Appetites, open sesame!!!Decor: Ooh, a little upscale and comfy. There are booth seating and tables for your choice. Kept very clean and spacious enough.Service: Fantastic waitress and was checked on by who I presume was the manager. Great!Food: Oh, you know you're waiting for it.- Naan Sampler Platter: We got the peshawari, garlic and potato naan. Plentiful portion for 2 girls looking for their carb fix! Every naan was flavorful and warm, but my favorite was the peshawari because I have a tinge of a sweet tooth mixed in with my savory taste buds so this was a winner in my book. This one is also the more interesting of the 3 because of the flavors going on.My friend like the potato one because... welll, she loves potatoes, hah.- Lamb Biryani: This was a lamb rice dish and not only was it plentiful but excellently flavored. If you're more a curry person though, I will warn you that this is much more drier because of .. well, the lack of curry. But the meat was also not as juicy.- Chicken dish: Sorry, I can't remember which curry I got but I assure you it was delicious and yummy. Of course, it comes with rice.Overall: I found it just a tad expensive, but I thought the flavors were a-beautiful!Portions are good though, so I will be back for my Indian fix!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,11/14/2012,32,32,2,4,3>Alma's awesome.  While it's definitely not  "cheap eats," it's well worth the price.  I love the set up of the ever-changing menu with five selections under each of three courses.  You can order individual items, but I almost always get the tasting menu which allows you to make one selection for each course.  Expect to experience unique, but delicious, flavors to come together to create a memorable meal.  Whenever I want to celebrate a special occasion, I have Alma on my short-list of venues.It's also a great place for vegetarians as they have many vegetarian dishes.  (Just ask for their separate menu.)And, Alma delivers top quality service.  The group I usually go with have strong opinions on what they do and don't  like.  The Servers at Alma have earned our trust based on the guidance they have given us when we make our dinner choices.   If you're at all on the fence about Alma, GO... I don't think you'll have any regrets.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,11/13/2012,61,246,,5,3>I now know what all the hype is about.  It's embarrassing that I've lived in the Twin Cities for 6 years and have only tried their ice cream as of yesterday.  Sebastian Joe's has a long list of flavors including the basics and some really interesting ones as well (garlic + chocolate ice cream?!?)  I like that they quickly offer you generous samples when it's clear you're overwhelmed with options.  The ice cream is smooth and creamy.  It's not too hard or full of ice crystals.  The flavors are sophisticated and not overly sweet or fake.  They had a lot of fun, homemade waffle cone options and lots of outdoor seating.  There's really nothing not to like about this place.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,9/4/2010,41,188,4,6,4>It's day 3 and I refuse to eat anything but Papa's east coast cheese pie. Okay, that's really not the case, but mamma mia, papa pia, that pizza is good.  Everyone should have grown up eating this pizza and it's not too late to start. I firmly believe it beats all those square cut pizzas out there. Of all their pizzas, the East Coast is the way to go.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,9/3/2010,58,131,2,4,4>Oh. Dear. Lord.  The creme brulee French toast is awesome.  My friend tasted it then tasted her breakfast pizza and declared her breakfast pizza good, but "not sex on a plate like yours".  I agree.  The pizza was good but it had the misfortune of being tasted *after* the French toast.  There's fruit cooked into the bottom, cherries and peaches, but it is almost superfluous.  They also have coffee at this coffee shop, and it's pretty good, but all else pales in comparison to my breakfast.  I'll be back.  Soon.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,9/2/2010,186,185,3,10,4>Sauce hits close to home for me. About three years ago, I visited my then girlfriend out in Tucson, Arizona. She wanted to take me to a place with great food in a cozy environment. I clearly remembered this place, as I remembered the tasty pizza and how hot that girl was.As of last weekend, both the restaurant and the attendees of that dated united again, this time in Minneapolis, MN. That girl is now my wife and this time I took her to the same pizza place she took me to three years ago.Sauce is a direct contributor of my marriage to my wife. Seriously.Now, let's stop tearing up and get down to business.Atmosphere: I relate Sauce's decor and atmosphere to Punch. Same wooden tables and outside patio. Chill but nothing fancy.Food: Here's where Sauce probably tops Punch. We got the AWESOME (emphasis on the AWE) summer sampler. Major deal where we got a salad, pizza, and two beverages for $20.What's so special about that? Well those two beverages were literally anything you wanted, including beer and wine. The wife got a Riesling and I got a cool Corona on a hot day.The salad was a nice start and the pizza was honestly better than Punch. It was thin crust, well baked, and super flavorful.So to be clear, here's your perfect first date. Sauce summer sampler, then movies at ICON in the VIP lounge. Affordable, trendy, and hella fun.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,9/1/2010,45,252,,8,6>I love Fasika! The last time I'd eaten here was about two years ago, before I moved out of town. Well, I've moved back, and yesterday I got an itch for Ethiopian food that only Fasika could scratch.Our waitress said that one vegetarian sampler plate wouldn't really be enough for two people, and we were hankering for some meat, so we got the veggie thing ($14.50) plus a beef sampler plate ($15.50.) Um, that was a little overkill, but we couldn't help ourselves, we made pigs of ourselves and finished it all off. Both dishes came on large round platters. On each, a supersized pancake of injera (spongy bread) was festooned with dollops of ultra-flavorful stew-like concoctions. The veggie platter had three different kinds of beans, collard greens, cabbage, potatoes, beets, and some salad. The meat platter had a mild curry-like stew,  hotter red-chile laced beef chunks, and another dish--our favorite--that we characterized as Ethiopian fajitas. I was in heaven for the half hour or so that it took us to down those two ginormous trays of spicy yumminess, and look forward to going again with a group of friends so we can order a bigger variety of dishes.By the way, if you get weirded out by eating with your hands and sharing the same plate with other people, either get over it or go someplace else.Fasika has an omnivore sampler, but it's really enough for three people and costs $36.50. My only gripe is that I wish they would have a slightly smaller version that would be the right amount of food for two.Yeah, the decor is nothing to write home about, and the parking lot is confusing. Get over it, park on the street, and go inside. Enjoy the Ethiopian music and eating with your hands.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,8/31/2010,12,96,3,6,7>This place knocked my socks off.  Start to finish, top to bottom, fantastic.We stopped in to Town Talk for a mid-week dinner and the dining room was pretty quiet, so no wait for us, which was nice.  We started off with the cheese curds which come with the house made bacon ketchup. Both my husband and I were a little skeptical about the ketchup, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't drown each fried morsel in that sauce. Even my husband, who truly believes the best cheese curds can only be found at Lambeau Field, said these were the best curds he's ever had. He also started off his meal with a beer, which was served in the can, in one of those foam can cooler things - which to me says that folks here have a good sense of humor, and don't take themselves too seriously.The meal only got better from there. I had the sensational meatloaf - and who would ever have guessed that meatloaf could be sensational.  Two thick slices arrived piled on a bed of yukon gold mashed taters that were smooth and creamy. And the tomato marmalade on top - so so so good. Husband went for the mac and cheese with bacon which arrived piping hot fresh out of the oven. He, who thinks everything is better with bacon, also stated that the mac and cheese was better with bacon in order to help cut through some of the richness of the cheese sauce.We finished off the meal with the panna cotta - a personal favorite.  This was a salted caramel panna cotta, which was like an extra thick and creamy butterscotch pudding, with white chocolate mousse and espresso ganache.  Usually I'm all about the chocolate desserts - the more chocolate, the better - but this was worth making the exception for. Highly recommended.I can't think of anything negative to say - I just can't wait to go back to try some of the other menu items, but it's going to be hard to resist the call of that delicious meatloaf...
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,8/30/2010,21,60,3,3,3>Dago. There. I said it. That hot dago was smothered in mozzarella. Suh-mothered. In a good way.We live in the North End, but hadn't gone to Mama's for years, since before a fire prompted a renovation. We enjoyed the atmosphere. The owner and staff are super friendly.Looking forward to a Rice Street revitalization that keeps Mama's as an anchor.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,8/29/2010,240,322,2,16,5>I read Kedar's review about how far away this place was and still, it seemed like we drove forever to get here. We were greeted by a smiling manager (?) and right away that won extra points for me. Indian restaurant staff seem to have a rule about looking very serious and taciturn. The manager asked how I found out about his place, I mentioned Kedar's review and he asked if I was vegan like Kedar. Good memory there and very thoughtful. Something not usually encountered in these kinds of establishments. We got the fried chillies and vegetable cutlet appetizer, the first one packed some heat and was good. Vegetable cutlets were mushy with WalMart-ish frozen vegetables...not how vegetable cutlets should be. There were four of us and each ordered a different kind of masala dosa - that is dosas with filling in them. My masala rava was well made, the sambar was tasty but had huge chunks of carrots in it. And something squash-like. Paper masala dosa was giant in size, mysore masala was tasty. Chetty Nadu  masala had a spicy cauliflower filling in it and would have been better if the filling had been less greasy and left a little crunchy. Service ws attentive. Mysore coffee was very milky and not very strong; served without sugar which was great. The restaurant is spacious and 4-6 other tables and booths were filled. A good sign. The reason for this far out location? Their market research pointed to this location because it is close to Medtronics. They are banking on those M-F lunch buffet crowds.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,8/28/2010,99,297,3,7,3>Cheeky Monkey is out of my way, but I would travel the world for these sandwiches. It was a chance meeting that will keep me coming back to this St. Paul deli from NE Minneapolis.My sister and her boyfriend were in town and that means extreme dietary restrictions, no meat or gluten for these two. And on top of that, we all needed something cheap. So I got on yelp and searched for anything and everything gluten-free. Cheeky Monkey was the winner (fortunate enough for me). This place was worth the drive. It's a cute deli with great decor and atmosphere. I am a sucker for design, and this place had a great fireplace, couches, and ceiling paneling to oogle over.  The food was not lacking either. Order the cumin pork sandwich and you will not be disappointed. I love coleslaw on a sandwich! Don't forget your drink. Their lemonade is spiked with ginger.... It tastes like heaven on a summer day. If you aren't digging buying a drink, don't fear, this place has the best set-up for water. They have water coolers around the corner from the counter. One jug for lemon water, the other for cucumber water. Yum!They also had options of gluten-free desserts. That brownie was scrumdidilicous....
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,8/27/2010,102,126,2,6,4>I had a delightful breakfast experience here last weekend, but was a little shocked by how empty the place was at 10:30am on a Sunday morning.  If you're debating about trying them for breakfast, I would say give it a try.  Check out their menu online and you'll see that they have some fun, unique options.  Like Miss Lindsay C. I ordered the omelet of the day at the coaxing of the server and it rocked!  Oyster mushrooms, gruyere and arugula = I'm not sharing this with anyone.My pops ordered shrimp etouffee and a prettied up Scotch Egg and the hubs opted for Creole Benedict and a sinfully delicious eclair.  They are clearly health food freaks. :)Overall, the food was great and service came with a smile.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,8/26/2010,42,213,3,5,5>Gregor Farm is the hidden jewel of the Northwest suburbs.I'm not even really sure where to begin because this place is SO simple and SO totally perfect.They sell plants.  Cool.  Not really the reason why I come.  Though if you're looking for something good, they probably have it.The most glorious aspect of this place is the fresh produce stand they run in the summer.  They sell a variety of sweet corn that I believe is called "Peaches & Cream" and it is honest-to-God the most delicious corn I have ever eaten in my entire life.  They also sell a potpourri of other vegetables depending on what point in the season they're at.  Last time I was by the stand they were sporting red potatoes, green beans, zuchini, cucumbers, bell peppers, banana peppers, some other spicy and longer pepper, onions and tomatoes.Suburbia doesn't have a monster-farmers' market like Minneapolis, but Gregor Farm makes that a-ok.Make sure to bring cash, I'm pretty sure they don't take cards.  Either way, its fresh and its cheap.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,5/19/2009,19,128,,10,9>In my world, I see 4 "classes" of pizza.  There's the frozen, chain (Domino's, Pizza Hut), take and bake (that includes grocery store delis), and the local pizzerias.  As standard as pizza is, it's amazing how the different classes of pizza can be so different.  Each have their good brands and bad brands, but you really can't go wrong with the local pizzerias.  Savoy is one such place.When I was in college, I had pizza often.  So often that I got sick of pizza and swore off it for years afterward.  I will still end up choosing something else given a choice, but every so often, I have to appease my wife, or the people I work with.But eating pizza like Savoy's is hardly a compromise.  It was a colleague's last day and the company bought lunch.  What surprised me most about the pepperoni/mushroom and sausage pizzas we had was the the sauce had a little kick to it.  That was a pleasant addition to the fresh ingredients that's typical of a pizzeria pizza.The boss picked up the pies, so I don't know what the store itself is like, but their pizzas were certainly good.  Sometimes I feel like pizza even when I don't know I feel like pizza.  And it's usually when we end up eating from somewhere like Savoy's.  I look forward to the next time I don't feel like pizza.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,5/18/2009,140,449,8,8,8>Several years ago, I had the GREATEST customer service experience EVER with this establishment!  On a very early January day, I drove from my hometown of Eau Claire, WI, with my Mom in her Acura to the MOA to do some after holiday shopping.  When we left home in the a.m., it was cold outside and when we arrived at MOA and got out of the car with our winter coats on, we realized how very warm (yes, it was balmy) it was outside.  So we decided right then and there that we had to leave our coats inside the car.  We removed said coats and then shut  the doors.  OOPS!  Almost immediately, Mom realized that she had left the car key in her coat pocket and had already pressed the door lock button.  Yes, we were locked out of the car and the 2nd set of keys was 90 miles and minutes away. I somehow had the idea to contact a local Acura dealership to see if they could help us somehow.  They came thru with vibrant rainbow colors!  They were able to not only provide us with a custom made key (based on the car's VIN#) but they also sent out a person to deliver the key to us at the MOA!  I think the charge was a measely $15.My Dog!  That is SERVICE!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,5/17/2009,59,455,6,5,6>OK, so the first time I came in here, I absolutely hated myself and the place. But I've found myself coming back, more often than not.  Now, I would say, after at least 50 stops here, I am in love.  They make damn good Cappuccinos, and those damn maple glazed bran muffins...are you kidding me? Good god, those are straight up orgasms of the mouth.. (if those exist). Anyways. I wish this place wasn't such a long haul for me to get to, or I'd be here every day! It really is one of those places that I severely under estimated..I am sorry Java J's, I am.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2009,5/16/2009,16,50,5,6,7>With a break in the cool spring, what better place to have dinner on a warm night  than Frost's patio? This is the best place to dine outdoors in the Twin Cities. The atmosphere is intimate, perfect for 2 or 4 people. Reminds me of Paris or NYC with the trees, lights and beautiful brownstones surrounding the patio. Fortunately, we had Paul, my favorite waiter in St. Paul! He is attentive and fun! The food was wonderful once again. I had the duck confit salad. I can't ever pass up duck confit! The duck melted in my mouth and was a perfect combination with the light, spring greens. This is one of the most beautiful places to have dinner. When the leaves are in bloom, they provide a magnificent canopy above the patio. I've never had a bad meal, in fact it is always outstanding! Choose from the bar menu for less expensive fare, but either way, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2009,5/15/2009,23,58,1,5,5>To be honest, I go to DT almost once/week without fail. It's become the hang out spot for my friends and I. And I like it that way. I've only ever gone on Wednesdays though, so I can't guarantee what traffic is like beyond this one night. The awesome thing about DT is that on Wednesday nights, starting at 9pm, they have all-you-can-drink long islands and/or beer in addition to all-you-can-eat pizza and ribs for $10. It's not a bad deal and the food is definitely not the worst in Minneapolis.It's a small, dark bar and fills up quick. They usually have a decent mix of music covering most genres. Also, there is no free parking (since it's by the U of M) but there is a pay lot right behind it, or the 4th street ramp is free after 9pm (you pay when you leave) if you don't mind a small walk.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2008,5/14/2009,128,296,17,10,10>Things I Learned after Moving out of My Parent's House:--you won't die if you drink soda before noon--it isn't always bad news when the phone rings after 8 p.m.--Big Buck Hunter is everywhere--its okay to turn the air conditioner on before the thermostat reaches 95--sometimes people have sex for reasons other than to produce children and sometimes it's sloppyThe Nook is one of those sloppy places.  And lord love them for it!!!Burgers were perfect.  Buns were fresh and obviously not the generic Cub Foods version.  Fries were greasy and overabundant, but good.  No forks (this place is totally hardcore, so don't ruin the experience by being one of those wimps who breaks down and asks the server for silverware).    I'm also a little torn on the Cheese Situation because on one hand, melted, dripping cheese that oozes all over is just about as fan-friggen-tastic as it can get, but on the other hand, I know they had to use processed cheese to get it that gooey and I'm sort of an elitist when it comes to fake cheese.Minus one star because the price of beer was a bit steep and the wait for our check was longish (which is always more noticeable once the food is gone and your glass is empty).
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,5/13/2009,89,97,9,10,9>I love this bar.  I mean, I really love this bar.  I would totally go all the way with this bar.  This bar is so sexy with all it's tempting taps and tantalizing bottles, not to mention it's seductive food menu.  Oh yeah, me and Bulldog, we're gonna GET IT ON!Seriously, this bar is great.  I think it's got an even better beer selection than the original in Uptown and it's not so freakin crowded.  There are tv's all along the walls making it easy to catch the game.  Our server was very knowledgeable on the beers they offered and often gave us suggestions.  They also have 10 different beer flights which were a lot of fun to try.  They also have all their beers in a little menu and each beer is described and the their abv is listed.  Nothing on the food menu is over 11 dollars and everybody at our table was very satisfied.  I had a half lb Stilton Burger which Sliton bleu cheese, a garlic spread, and a side of spicy brown mustard all on a rye roll.  I asked for it cooked medium and they actually cooked it medium.  Must try bar if you're in the lowertown area.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,5/12/2009,949,964,6,10,6>This is the one that is closest to me. They have all kinds of stuff for every kind of collectible. A lot of the shit you end up hoarding will have come from here. There will be days you have all the time in the world, and go downstairs. You will come back dizzy. Upstairs since things are in close proximity, it's easy to browse, and often find something very entertaining or obscure. In mysteries don't forget to look up and notice trade paperbacks too. If you don't find the book you've been searching for, call all the other locations and they will deliver it to the store of your choosing, no charge. The last week of the year they have a big 20% off sale. It gets packed. Pick up their calendar, and in the back they have 15% off coupons every two months. That's when I buy mine.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,5/11/2009,3,15,4,10,7>I used to let upscale salons intimidate me into taking my business someplace else, thinking they thought too much of themselves to cater to a patron who didn't walk out of Cosmo or Vogue.  I was soooo wrong.First of all, Jon Charles actually *works* at this salon; even though it's his name over the door, he's also the first person you'll see when you walk in.  He'll greet you like an old friend even if you've never had a service from him.Jon's been in the business for over 25 years and it shows.  I've been going here regularly since he opened for business in Uptown, and his employees have nothing but praise for him.  He's a good business man, fair, and knows what his services are worth.He also knows how to make style fun.  When they first opened, Jon hosted "Blow Dryer Boot Camp" sessions, a free evening once every other week dedicated to teaching participants how to use their blow dryers to produce salon results at home.  Part lecture, part hands on, you'd walk out the door with some great ideas on how to make your daily hairdo more fun.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/10/2009,41,188,5,5,4>This take-out place has been around for years. Even after they remodeled the strip mall, the place still looked scary from the outside. The blinds are closed at all times of the day. The place isn't so scary inside. The lady was mopping the waiting area and the food was cheap. I figured the mushroom chow mein had canned mushrooms and it did. It was edible grub. But the highlight for me was the pork fried rice. It was dark as dirty rice, had no pork fat for me to chew on, and was greasy with just onions and eggs. Just the way cheap fried rice should be. Screw frozen peas and carrots. If you live in the area, don't be afraid. *Not sure if they lace the stuff with MSG so call and ask.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,8/9/2011,192,528,2,4,7>MMC is one of the best music venues in the metro.  It's big enough that it has live music every night of the week, but it is also small enough that you can sit at the bar to watch the show.  Depending on the night, there may not be a cover, but on most weekend nights it is $8.  They serve cheap food prior to the shows.  A burger and fries is $3 or $4 bucks.There is a nice heated outdoor patio, with a view of Downtown St. Paul and floor to ceiling windows, so you can watch the show while out on a smoke break. The music is mostly rock and blues.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,8/8/2011,75,71,2,3,3>You have to get excited about a restaurant when their menu has Desi Arnaz on the cover. Anytime I tell someone I like breakfast in this town they follow it up with "You should go to Victor's" and you know what I found out? I should go to Victor's. The place is adorably decorated. It is like a kids spanish classroom exploded over all the walls, and I mean this in the most positive way possible. The menu is limited, but everything looked delicious, and everything we ordered was delicious. I ordered the Eggs Havana. This was a very difficult choice because everything read so appetizing. The potatoes were a little over sold. I won't go out of my way to order them again, but the fried Yuca now that is something to tell a tale about.  Our food came up fast, hot, and everything had an appropriate hint of lime. I also suggest ordering the Cuban Toast, when in Rome am I right? (Or in Minneapolis, pretending to be in Cuba kind of Rome)My last two comments:Service once we sat was on point. Friendly, fast, informative and overall very welcoming. They were extremely busy and still managed to be very attentive. Why is this place getting a four star instead of a five you might wonder... My last comment: If you are a very busy establishment known for breakfast/brunch you should be aware of  your popularity and manage your lines. If you were new to Victor's there was no indication that you would have to put your name on a list, and since many people were waiting in the cold I think a sign on the door is necessary. Also if your counter is so close to the door (making those seats very cold, and this was unfortunately where I was sitting) you should be conscious if patrons are leaving the door open to try and establish a wait. Regarding the wait: If you are asked the direct question of how long the wait will be answering, "I don't know, but we try to turn people over quickly" is not helpful. Over all great place for breakfast.  I am excited to go back and try Victor's dinner menu.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,8/7/2011,95,174,19,1,8>There's something you need to know about me: I won't back down from a challenge.  And The Nook decided to challenge me.  Let me paint this picture for you - it's Saturday night and I'm out with the Wolfpack (7 of the brothas), famished after a long day of man shopping and golf.  On the Nook's menu I read, "Challenge: Eat two Nookie Supremes and the fries and win a free t-shirt!"  Immediately, a sensation comes over me...a welling up of deeply rooted emotion.  This.  Is.  My.  Destiny.When I order up the Nookie Supreme Challenge, our server looked at me incredulously.  We ask him how many guests have completed The Challenge: "Only one on my watch (in the past year)."  The first order went down great - the burger patties were enormous (had to be at least  1/2 pound per burger, so a pound of meat for $8.95), the special sauce was a perfect touch (not too overpowering), and the fries were some of the best in the Twin Cities.  By the time my second Nookie Supreme came out about 15 minutes later, I figured there was no way I could even eat half of it, much less win the t-shirt.But I was forgetting one simple X-Factor: The Wolfpack.  I was not going it alone...The Wolfpack was there to defend My Honor.  And defend they did, with loud, bass-filled chants of "Mike...Mike...Mike".  I was their William Wallace.  I was their Maximus.  Actually, I was really just their Kobayashi.  And when the gods decreed that no 5'9", 170-pound man should be able to eat 2 pounds of meat and 200 grams of carbs, they had forgotten The Wolfpack that was the wind beneath these wings.I finished that second order, and I won that damn t-shirt.  And I questioned whether I would survive.  And there may have been a "cleanse" that took place moments after stumbling out of The Nook that Saturday evening.  And I didn't eat for most of the next day.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,8/6/2011,95,217,2,8,3>I'm new to bikram yoga, only having done yoga in temperatures around 95 degrees. Moksha heats the rooms to 105 degrees. What a difference it makes! The movements are challenging but not difficult. I had to go into child's pose a few times just to regain balance. If you're like me and you know you don't drink enough water, do yourself a favor and drink about 40 ounces a few hours before class. I lost three pounds just from sweating for 60 minutes! The rates are reasonable, and the owners/instructors are knowledgeable and kind.I felt incredibly refreshed for the rest of my day. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,8/5/2011,11,45,2,4,3>Having lived in Minneapolis for two years, I had surprisingly never been to Minnehaha Falls, and accordingly Sea Salt. Man was I missing out!Luckily I went on an overcast, humid day, around 4pm so the line was not that long, but if it were a really nice day at 12, the line would be wrapping around the corner....forget about it. So time your visits accordingly.Sea Salt is owned by the same guy who owns the Tin Fish on Lake Calhoun, so I knew I was in for a treat. As soon we walked in, we were greeted with roots reggae music. It added to the laid back, chill atmosphere of the setting.I ordered the Grilled Marlin fish tacos. #Winning! The marlin was fresh, and cooked to perfection. The salsa they put on it was decent, but for some reason I remember the salsa at the Tin Fish tasting different; I guess I was expecting a similar taste, but still good.I guess the one drawback was that they got my Dad's order wrong. He ordered the Calamari Tacos, but they gave him Fried Scallops Tacos. Fortunately he didn't care too much and just took those instead. He was very pleased, so all was okay.I will definitely go back the next time I have visitors in town! A huge score!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,8/4/2011,82,170,3,4,4>Well 4:30 pm on a Friday night and "Cooper" is where it's at. This is a must "go to" spot to meet some friends for happy hour or just enjoy some food. It's in a great location and has easy access to lots of underground parking. The bar area is so inviting with it's U-shape and can accommodate just a few or large groups. Staff here are always friendly and if "Ryan" the manager is working he will make sure you go home satisfied. They have an extended happy hour from 2 to 6:30 pm Monday - Friday and 10 to 12 am nightly. No matter what your schedule is you should be able to make a time work. Another plus here is their back room which can accommodate large groups for a party or meeting.I love making Cooper a meeting place. There's a great "vibe" here.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/2/2011,119,73,5,10,6>Stumbled upon this place across the street from Common Roots, and decided to try it out for happy hour.  Boy, am I glad I did!  Katie G. and I were just looking for a good deal, but we found a true happy hour gem!  If I have one pet peeve, it's that happy hour is not a standard time at every bar...is it going to be from 3-5 or from 5-7??  It always seems to be a guessing game!  However, the CC Club has happy hour from 4-10pm on Saturdays, so you are sure to get your hour(s) of happiness no matter what time you prefer your afternoon cocktail or beer.  Their special was $3 domestic beers and rail drinks.I also loved the atmosphere here!  Super laid back, with GREAT tunes...any bar that plays a combo of Justin Timberlake throwbacks and new Atmosphere jams is okay by me!  We ended up playing pool with some friendly strangers, and had one heck of a time here!  I definitely suggest this place if you are looking to hang out with some friends in a very casual atmosphere and enjoy an extra-long happy hour or two!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,8/1/2011,39,108,4,12,7>True life: I am afraid of cutting my hair. Tease Salon has changed this.When I first walked in, Joshua (I think that was his name) bounded over and greeted me and he was so nice and friendly I had a moment where I thought I actually knew him from somewhere. Anyways, while I waited for my appointment with Amber there was a mini boutique in the entrance of the salon with purses, jewelry, sunglasses, and a very pretty bracelet that I'm thinking of going back to get.I initially wanted about 5 inches cut from my mane but I was persuaded to donate my hair so I cut off 10 inches from the back. I also decided to get -wait for it- BANGS! I have had the same hairstyle for the past 12 years so this was kind of a big deal. Amber was a bang enthusiast, therefore the perfect person to cut my hair, and she gave me some bangin' bangs. The hairstyle I got wasn't what I pictured myself getting but I let Amber work her magic and I think I like my actual haircut more than the haircut I pictured myself getting. My hair is much shorter than I wanted, and I'm still getting used to it (I think I had almost a foot of hair cut off) but I still think it's great, and it was a much needed change. When Amber was snipping away I got really nervous but she wasn't one of those stylists that gets carried away with cutting hair, I felt like she had a rhyme and reason for every cut she made.Since it was my first time at Tease I got a 20% discount (yay!) AND they have complimentary bang touch ups so I could stop in any time and have them fix up my bangs fo' free! I will definitely be taking advantage of that.UPDATE: About a week after my haircut, an employee of Tease called me to make sure me and my mane are doing alright. How sweet is that?
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,7/30/2011,97,74,5,2,4>Who doesn't love a good burger? Well, if you don't, The Burger Place is not for you. Unless....you love breakfast.... Aside from serving up a mean burger and fries, a heavenly coupling of the all-American beef and potato staple, they make breakfast for sky way champions. I stopped there on a dismal Thursday morning after my office was falsely promised donuts at work. Starving and ornery, I asked a sky way veteran of more than 20 years where to grab the best breakfast. "Hands down, The Burger Place," he confidently remarked. Their breakfast menu is quite simple: eggs, toast, meat, omelets, and hash browns. After debating between a simple breakfast or something more substantial, I threw all caution to the wind and ordered up a massive Denver omelet, amen, and a side of hash browns. Oh, sweet butter. For a mere $6.00, I had enough food, and coincidentally heartburn, to last me all day. The omelet was overflowing with Denver fixings, and the hash browns were golden perfection. It's the kind of breakfast that makes oatmeal look like slop. Oh, wait, it all ready does. My only complaint is that by the time I got back to my office from the sky way jaunt, my toast was soggy and had converted back into regular bread consistency. Yes, the burgers and fries are delicious. However, breakfast is almost more unbelievable!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,7/29/2011,413,275,13,9,10>Dis place hab the gut Vietnamee food. Quang's is so good and authentic, that's the only way you can say it.I had the Pho and Com Soun Noung. Both were absolutely delicious!!! It is comparable to the Vietnamese food you would find in Houston. The food was so good I had to come back the next day for Banh Mi. The Banh Mi Thit Noung was a party in my mouth. Each bite had me moaning and groaning like the herbal essance girl in her tropic thunder shower. The Cha Gio was amaaazing! My mom says that the bigger sized eggrolls is how she remembered them in Vietnam. I've been dying for good Tapioca since I moved to MN. Quang's tapioca isn't to die for and not all that great but it's good nuff to hush the craving. Go to Quang's for awesome Vietnamese food... your tummy will sank you long time.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,9/17/2008,183,586,1,8,5>By far the best value of any sushi Happy Hour in Mpls!!Located downtown across from Pizza Luce and next to Sawatdee, this little gem isn't much to look at from the outside. Probably why I walked passed it for a year without noticing. Glad I finally came around - the Happy Hour here should not be missed. HH is Mon-Fri from 5 - 6:30pm. Rolls are $4 and nigiri is similarly cheap. Great drink specials including $4 martinis. The rolls are HUGE and delicious. I tried the California roll, Philly roll, Rainbow roll, plus salmon and yellowtail nigiri. All were terrific and very fresh. Although I stuck to the basics, there is a large selection of rolls available during HH, including the Marilyn Monroll (grilled chicken & asparagus), Rock and Roll (salmon & mango) and Korean Roll (kimchee, pickle & beef). HH also boasts cheap appetizers. You simply cannot beat this place on price, quality and sheer amounts of food you get. Why don't more people know about this?!?!In a town saturated with great sushi bars like Origami, Nami and Fuji-Ya, it's easy to overlook Koyi, especially with its modest decor and from what I can tell complete lack of advertising of any kind. Don't! While those other places are great, the bill adds up faster than you can say omakase. Koyi makes it possible to get great sushi on a regular basis, without paying "special occasion" prices.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,9/16/2008,11,10,10,5,5>This place is pretty rad I guess - I'm not really into the organic/vegan/vegetarian thing per se but there are a lot of reasons to go here other than that - most notably for me the GARLIC LOVERS PASTA SALAD and the bulk spice area.  As other people have noted it's a bit on the spendy side but it's within walking distance for me and is a great place to grab delicious items for a summer BBQ.The Wedge is on the smallish side and attracts a pretty diverse crowd of people which is cool.  Some of my absolute favorite people there act like it's their first day on the planet and as such they have to look at and caress every object in the store for an hour before deciding that they aren't going to buy it.  This proves a challenge in areas near the deli case - where the GARLIC LOVERS PASTA SALAD lives.  I guess that can't really be considered a strike against the Wedge - but more a strike against certain people that go there that are in some patchouli-induced trance and have no common courtesy or sense of what is going on around them.I have yet to buy a membership here as I'm not sure it's worth it aside from the preachy "support your local co-op" attitude I might get from it.  If having a membership entitled me to elbow these granola zombies out of the way then I'd have had one years ago.I also hear the smoothies are good.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,9/15/2008,6,21,1,7,5>One of the few shops where they make the pottery right on site and you can watch them make it too. They also have a eclectic shop of cool gifts.  Cook books, jewelry, cool children gifts, tiles, scarves, and other finds.  The coolest thing they do is on First Thursdays and Art A Whirl in the Arts District they set up a Crepe stand and make them while you wait!  Bob the owner and crepe maker is a real purist when it comes to his crepes he told me he went to France just to get the right crepe frying cook top.  Try the Nutella you can't go wrong.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/27/2008,9/14/2008,23,227,3,11,4>When I was in junior high, Salon Ultimo was *the* place to get your hair cut.  The salon itself has hardly changed, so when I walked in earlier this week, I felt 13 again!GETTING AN APPT:  They have an online booking system!  Love it!   ultimo.ath.cx/IES/logon.…Below are the services I've had:I went in for a wax with Julia.  Now, I love my waxer at Juut, but she *is* expensive, and honestly, my armpits  and legs don't need the same gentle, expensive care as my bikini line :)  I did find a lot of wax on my legs when I got home.   Pain was average. Irritation was average. I will continue to look for a regular leg/armpit waxer.I really like Katie for  manicures.  For events, I like a natural looking french manicure, which I've had a hard time getting at cheaper salons, but Katie understood exactly what I wanted, and I'm so pleased by the results.  The manicures take a long time - the paraffin manicure took a full hour, and the basic mani takes 45 minutes.  The paraffin mani was nice, but not worth the extra $13 (or 15 minutes), in my opinion.  Good nail shaping, good cuticle maintenance, good polish application.  A basic french mani is $26, so noticeably more expensive than a cheap salon, but still quite a deal, I think.  I'll definitely continue to go to her when I have a special event coming up.  I won't go to her for regular weekly manis for two reasons - the added cost (an extra ~$10 every week adds up!) and I'm more of an in-and-out kind of girl ( Whereas this salon is more of the pampering type)I've had one hair cut with Kirsten.  It was a fine cut, not fantastic, but better than you'd get at a cheap salon.  It was $40, which I think is the mid-range for Salon Ultimo.  The hair wash was actually a little stressful. the chairs are such that you're almost sitting completely upright in a normal chair.  So, as she washed my hair, there were a lot of drips onto my face, into my ears and eyes.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,9/13/2008,11,225,11,8,7>OMG!  They painted the Hard Times.  And the booths don't have holes in them anymore.  So what is it now, the Slightly Difficult Times?  Snark aside, this is the most consistently good vegetarian food in the Cities.  I've never had a bad meal there and I have tried: Kale and tofu soup?  Not as gross as it sounds!  Vegetarian Biscuits and gravy?  Actually, wonderful!  My husband always gets the shamen special and it's always a winner, a big heapin hash of veggies, rice and special hard times sauce that is mysteriously good.  One of the major revelations is that Hard Times bakes their own breads and desserts which are almost uniformly good.  How can they make decent pastries without butter and eggs?  I dunno, the devil must be involved somehow.  Or at least a Shamen.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2008,9/12/2008,441,746,11,6,4>minus one star for the clown.Clowns belong at the circus, not at the market.Minus one star for the lack of farmers at the market.Lets just call it what it is, a Market.They do, however, have a nice selection of prepared foods.French Meadow has a booth, some brat guy, some roasted corn girls, fried donuts and some honestly crappy fish tacos.Oh, and in the winter you can get xmas trees, but don't try to eat those.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,9/11/2008,16,53,3,4,3>I'm sorry to report that this place is in Golden Valley in the shadow office parks and off a frontage road that overlooks Highway 100, but I'm thrilled to have found it, and frankly, you forget the location the minute you enter the front door. (AND the horrible location and space does afford a large parking lot!)There are so many reasons that this is now my favorite place for breakfast but I'll just name a few: 1) They have this great coffee and pastry bar and a waiting area with tables (!) so that you can hang out and wait for your table if there is indeed a wait. 2) The decor and lighting are lovely, and even though there are hints of a retro diner (like booths like the Egg and I), everything is new, clean and comfortable (including the bathrooms, thank you). 3) I dream of the egg sandwich at night. SO good -- a sunnyside up egg on fresh brioche with fresh avocado, tomato and a little prosciutto. I realize the runny yoke on the sandwich is probably not everyone's thing, but I find it to be a miracle of messiness.  The omelets and the corn-beef hash (which I got with a poached egg that was done perfectly) are also fresh and amazing, and the word on the street is the waffles and caramel rolls are also to die for, but I don't like the sweet stuff (before noon, at least).  They are all about fresh, and it goes down to the fresh-squeezed orange juice.One of these days, I'll head over there for lunch. I've heard the burgers are excellent, but I might order the egg sandwich anyway.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/10/2008,26,36,2,3,4>I really enjoyed the food and the wait staff was exceptional. If I had to give you any negatives it would be that the parking isn't great and it does get a little loud but don't let those comments stop you from going. If you live in St. Paul or anywhere close and enjoy good food you must go this weekend and save me a Deviled Egg. I'll see you there!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2008,9/9/2008,66,139,3,4,5>An ideal night at Moscow:     Vodka.     Food.     Banter.     X 5.     And be sure to try the chocolate mousse.If you are on a time budget and have to take one course instead of the reviewer-recommended 5, try the Carousel; it's a tempest in a highball glass - five vodkas rolled into one cocktail.     If I have any complaints it is that Moscow closes earlier than bar time so you have to cross the street to Frost for a night cap, but that is hardly a complaint.  The patio is a great summer highlight, but snow is a great winter justification.  You be the judge.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2008,9/8/2008,34,168,3,3,3>I struggle with sandwiches - it might have to do with the layers, which don't always line up.  And it certainly stems in part from my frustration with the sandwich-height-to-mouth-size ratio - so often way out of whack.  I recognize, however, that some people love sandwiches, so here's the scoop from a sandwich skeptic.Hot sandwiches are a good idea - no argument there.  I shouldn't have gotten the cheese steak, since I am from Philly and would be (and was) obviously disappointed.  But they have lots of options to pick from and $5.50 is a good price for a sub.  They could loose the rolypoly Butterball turkey breasts that sit awkwardly along side the cheesecake in the display case.Thumbs up for the big cookies.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,11/12/2012,50,97,,5,4>When my roommate warned me before leaving the house that MMC was mostly an older crowd I didn't think much of it. However I was probably the youngest person in there by a few decades the first couple hours I was there. I think all the old, rocker, hippie dudes at the bar were as surprised to see me as I was to see them when I walked in. But I had a blast, and it's hard to beat a pitcher of beer and a pizza for $10. Open mic night was interesting in that there's a band already there and individuals can come up and be frontman for a song or two. I thought it was a brilliant idea. Open mic starts at 7p and goes to 11p on Monday night, but it seemed pretty empty in the bar until 10p. There's a lot of seating of various configurations, tables, bar, high tops, booths, and various combinations of all of them. And a dance floor down in front of stage, which is much smaller then I anticipated since I kept hearing about what a great place this is for dancing. However it was plenty of space for the one woman doing her thing with a light up hulu hoop.It's actually a block further south than the map shows, it's at Woodward and Payne, not a block past Woodward.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,11/11/2012,32,79,2,5,2>This tap room in northeast has no rivals, and even if it did, it probably would take them all down. It's room is huge and I liked the character. Rustic and warm with very cool artwork hanging up.They had five beers on tap (three types; two were brewed differently in casks). I like how Indeed offers three different sizes to choose from. All super affordable and all the more reasons to continue supporting tap rooms (and Indeed!).There's an outdoor patio as well. Just beyond that there'll be a food truck stationed for the patrons.I'm liking the vibe Indeed is bringing to the area!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/10/2012,203,560,1,6,6>"Little T" is back after a two year hiatus!  All of the classic goodness remains: the mural, the comfy booths, and your favorite entrees (Baked Plate!  Chicken Cheese Plate!) .  The full bar is a welcome addition.  The big margarita, served in a pint glass, was perfectly mixed and honestly poured.  Staff are plentiful and full of smiles: everyone is happy to be back.  Yeah, we know it isn't "authentic" Mexican.  It's Little T's!  The perfect place to end your night in style...or get it off to a good start.  A piece of Minneapolis history, and highly recommended.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,11/9/2012,113,230,7,5,6>I would give this place 11 Stars if I could...Cutting to the chase:  If this were a karate dojo, the bartenders would be a combination of Cobra Kai and Mister Miyagi.  A mantra along the lines of  "sweep the leg" and "no mercy", but at the same time a kind spirit with mystical wisdom.  Luckily you won't have to wax on and wax off an infinite amount of times to enjoy the greatness of this place.Walking into the Eat Street Social after an evening at the Trylon, we decided first to first go with a table and then a booth.  They were totally cool with our lack of decisive action setting the tone for an evening of amazing service.My first impression was the excellent ambiance and decor.  A perfection of mediums.  It's dark but not overly dark.  There's music but it's not overly loud (you can have a conversation).  There are weird and interesting paintings on the wall.   And finally there's a lot of room in here but it's not overly huge.  It's not crowded,  and at the same time, comfortable and laid back.  There is a coolness to this place that is tough to put into words. You can just sit back, enjoy a good drink with friends.The service was very attentive, but not overly so.  The manager and the waiter took amazing care of us the entire evening and we appreciated it.  The server would drop at perfect moments inquiring on what else we  might need or refilling our waters.  At 10PM (I think) everyone did a toast, and when the manager saw we didn't have a drink, she grabbed us a couple of glasses of wine and beer to join in on the toast.  The drinks were all delicious.  The bartenders are practitioners of mixology here.   With this in mind, I asked for a drink based on my favorite flavor: Smore's.   S'mores is difficult to put into drink flavor due to its triage of flavors: Marshmallow, Chocolate and Graham Cracker.    However, I can say without a doubt, they made the best S'Mores flavored cocktail I've ever had.  All the credit goes to Mixologist Missy.  I passed it around and everyone at my table thought it was the bee's knees.  So in short, I really loved it and can't wait to return to try more drinks and especially the food.  Eat Street is definitely seeing an amazing revitalization this summer between Eat Street Social, the new Thom Pham, and soon to be Ice House along with all the great places that are currently located there.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/8/2012,42,189,,4,2>Oh Pizzaria Lola - I will be dreaming of your Ma Sha-Roni pizza from here to the end of eternity. A more perfect pepperoni/sausage pizza, I don't think I've ever had. A friend and I trekked to Lola on a recent Friday night knowing full well a wait was in store for us. We got there around 7:30 and were told it would be up to an hour for two people. Since it was a nice evening, we didn't mind. And in the end, I think we didn't even wait a half hour so no biggie other than the smell was amazing and driving us crazy with anticipation. This was no agonizing Olive Garden trapped like cattle in a barn lobby wait either. They have a nice outdoor space with benches and even a table set up with ice water and glasses - I love a thoughtful restaurant like that. The indoor space is very attractive with tables of varying sizes and that gorgeous huge copper pizza oven acting as the focal point. We got a nice small table out of the way where we could undoubtedly hear better than others (be forewarned, it gets loud). We started with the vegetable of the day - asparagus with soy sauce and shaved Parmesan which was good. Then we moved onto the pizzas. The first half of the menu has your more traditional pizzas - the margheritas, the pepperonis, etc. while the latter half holds the foodie pizzas for those with an adventurous spirit. We had to have one from each side.  We opted for the Ma Sha-Roni with homemade pepperoni and sausage. I'm drooling just thinking about its perfection. Just order it - you won't regret it. We also got The Forager - a mushroom-laden pizza with taleggio cheese and truffle oil. This is a rich pizza with deep flavor. Finally, we had to sample some of the desserts. My friend got the pistachio ice cream (made in house and featuring a gelato base) - it was subtly flavored and massively creamy. I ordered the warm chocolate chip cookies with sea salt and a glass of milk. The cookies were delicious - soft with melty chocolate. The sea salt brought out the flavor perfectly and the milk was a nice touch. All of this was way too much food for two people, but having leftovers to take home and eat the next day was great. Also, I have to mention our awesome waitress who ran after us when we left to give me back my sunglasses that I left on the table. I would have been lost without them so a million thanks to her!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,11/7/2012,19,76,4,5,4>Vegetarians, rejoice!  Meat lovers, you'll probably like this place too but won't appreciate it quite as much.  I'm not a burger person and wasn't too keen to try out My Burger.  It's possibly because I'm a vegetarian and veggie burgers on menus are always the Morningstar Farm Chipotle Bean Burger.  Ugh.  Morningstar Farm must have gotten in with Sysco.  But, My Burger's veggie burger was actually good, really good (and not Morningstar Farm)!  Last time I was in a fast food place and was able to 'fit in' with my meat-eating brethren was a looong time ago.  I'm so excited to be able to have the experience of a quick burger, albeit veggie, at a fast food place again!I didn't realize how affordable My Burger was either.  $5.75 for veggie burger and fries.  It's a great location, clean atmosphere, great tasting, and is the opposite of what you usually associate with a fast food restaurant.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/6/2012,13,46,2,3,2>Looking for a healthy and utterly delicious breakfast on a sunny morning? If so, you better be reading this on your way to Common Roots. My girlfriend recently moved into a house very close to Common Roots Cafe, and it has already become a favorite for both of us. The food is delicious and the outside seating has a fantastic ambience, even though it is mere feet away from Lyndale's busy traffic. The inside can be a bit noisy, but at this point I'm just splitting hairs. Common Roots is a fantastic restaurant who's company I love to keep in Minnesota's outside months (though I certainly don't plan on shunning Common Roots during the winter.. the food is too good!) Check it out! The odds are very much against you leaving disappointed.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,11/5/2012,87,290,3,2,3>By no means do I pretend to be a cheesemonger, but I do loves me a good sandwich, and the St. Paul Cheese Shop has those in spades.The shop itself is quite small and pretty easy to miss from the outside since it's sandwiched (sorry) between a Breadsmith, Kybher Pass and a coffee shop. Inside you'll find a couple of coolers filled with various cheeses, shelves adorned with various oils, jams, crackers, etc. and a few menu boards on the wall with the daily specials and various meat and/or cheese-centric sandwiches. You really can't go wrong with any of them, but my favorites thus far have been the spicymonger and the chicken liver pate.Service has always been quick and genuinely nice - definitely worth checking out.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,11/4/2012,66,157,4,4,2>What has two thumbs and likes big hot buns?This Guy!Before you get in a frenzy and flag my review for being inappropriate I'd like to clarify that I'm speaking about the steamed/baked buns at the Keefer Court Bakery near the U of M campus.  Growing up in Hawaii we had a snack food called manapua which is the island version of Chinese Bao.  I haven't really found a good substitute for manapua in Minnesota until I searched through Yelp and noticed KCB's page. There's metered street parking in the back of the building that KCB is located in as well as a pay lot.  I noticed a sign stating that KCB was one of the restaurants which would validate two hour parking.The restaurant/bakery isn't terribly big but seemed to have adequate space as there were a bunch of people scattered throughout the place.  My visit was relatively short as I was there to only pick up a few steamed/baked buns to bring home.  I also bought a few of their huge cookies which were basically almond cookies with chocolate chips on them (still really good).As soon as I got home I devoured a couple of the BBQ pork buns I had bought and was completely satisfied with both the taste and consistency of it.  Finally, I have found the place where I can go to satisfy my manapua cravings! Seriously, awesome sweets/baked goods and nice buns... what more can a Hawaiian boy ask for? Pro tip:  Refrigerate the buns you bring home and nuke them in the microwave for 30 seconds to enjoy them later
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/3/2012,53,311,4,4,6>After I visited the brand new Downtown Lund's right across from Laurel Village I have two  things to say...hell has frozen over, the Downtown Lunds is open and...it's about freakin time.I remember when people were talking about the new Lund's back in the Summer of 2006.  If I recall, there was even a sign put up at some point talking about the new Lunds.  Countless leasing agents at nearby apartment complexes got to sell prospective tenants on the Lunds that would be opening only a few blocks away.  It only took 6 years, but better late than never.  Property managers, you can start raising rents right about now.This store has got it all:  Great meat and seafood counter.  A fantastic area for prepared meals.  The fancy cheese counter.  A whole bunch of cool looking pasta.  A gigantic olive bar.  All your standard packaged foods.  And right next door, a pretty awesome wine store that is sure to cost  Haskells and Surdyks some business from Downtowners.The only small ding on this place is the prices.  While I'll still hit up the Super T for a lot of my packaged standards, the rest of this store's offerings more than makes up for the steep prices you'll find.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,8/21/2013,38,81,6,10,5>I moved from NYC a year ago and needed a hair stylist. I have short hair and you need a stylist that knows what's up so you don't end up with a man's haircut. It's happened and it sucks. I went to Natalie for the first time when she was at Juut and I was hooked. I called back to make a second appointment and she was gone! Luckily, the lady at Juut told me she had left and gone to Haus (phew!). So I've been going to see Natalie there ever since. She is awesome. I swear to god the last time I went in there I just let her do as she pleased and it was the best haircut of my life. Also, the space is a loft-like art gallery. It's just relaxing to go there. I usually get there early so I can just chill out and have a cup of tea while browsing through Alexander McQueen books.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,8/20/2013,60,359,3,5,4>Favorite place for a Jucy Lucy in Minneapolis. Damn you Guy Fieri yet again for outing a good place and making me wait an hour to calm the rumbly in me tumbly. Seriously though this is the best jucy lucy. The burger alone is tastier than 508 (#4) or Matt's (#3) and while less creative than the Blue Door (#2) still gets a few points for having more than just the standard jucy. I get the paul molitor with the pepper jack cheese in the middle and grilled onions....and guess what the cheese actually melts. Both times I've been to 508 the pepper-jack simply warms and gets gooey. Not here. Plus the bun is perfect. They grill it a bit for a tiny crunch and you can tell these are fresh baked within the last 24 hours they are so pillowy. And while to me tots are superior to fries, they do have killer fries. They leave the skin on the potatoes and run them through the hand slicer. I have no idea what seasoning or process these go through but they are perfectly in bewteen crispy on the outside and soft tender inside. It's going to make you feel Thanksgiving fat but get the Guiness shake as well. Sooooo good. The guiness and the ice cream really complement each other.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/19/2013,93,155,2,11,5>$1.99 early bird breakfast.(I'd like to leave that first sentence as my entire review, but I will elaborate)Ok, I've only eaten the $1.99 breakfast, so keep in mind that is the only thing I am talking about and its hard to screw up.What is the $1.99 breakfast? Well, it goes from 6:00am-8:30am (not sure if its on the weekends) and its 2 eggs, a nice portion of hashbrowns or American fries and pancakes (or toast). You can get free onions on the hashbrowns, too. I know, breakfast is like the easiest meal to make, but I voted this place so high because the portions are good, the food is tasty, the food comes out fast, and the bill is cheap. And they are VERY good at refilling coffee cups.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/18/2013,33,77,4,5,4>So you say you're looking for a country club, but you want it to be in town? Well the Town & Country Club is your answer! This place is lovely. I went to college nearby and used to go sledding and have other snow shenanigans here in the winter time, so it was interesting to be on the inside this time. If you are looking for old-timey class you will find it here. I am obsessed with chandeliers and this venue has several. The River Room is gorgeous with a beautiful overlook of the Mississippi River and the Minneapolis skyline.I came here for an event and what do you know but I bumped into the former mayor of St. Paul without even realizing it. I thought that their food was superb with simple high quality ingredients and excellent presentation with an edible flower garnish. Some of the best cheese cake I have ever tasted to boot. At one point during dessert and coffee there was a slight jolt to my table. The cause of this is still a mystery to me because I don't think it was caused by the waitstaff - they were all very attentive. But! For a split second I could have sworn I was in the first class dining room aboard the Titanic and we'd struck an iceberg.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/17/2013,52,170,6,9,6>Hands down the BEST Neapolitan style pizza(crust) in Minnesota!I am a pizza aficionado, a connoisseur. I have tried every pizza place I've ever heard mentioned in Minnesota. Traveled to Italy and Chicago basically to eat pizza. Anyways Lola is IT. The Asian influences from the owner stand out here. Korean BBQ pizza? Are you kidding me? Most delicious topping ever considered on a pie. Two sunny-side eggs on top of a pizza?! I'm in!(The one featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives).I can't say much that hasn't been said already. The lines get long, but the beer is great while waiting. Trust the staff and get the specials. Get more then you think you can eat, and take it home for later, you will thank yourself. The make your own chocolate chip cookie sandwich dessert is excellent if you aren't too full.Too busy for you to wait? Get it to go! Want just a slice? Head down the street a few blocks to HELLO Pizza by the same owner(Ann Kim).I can't wait to go back, again, and again!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/16/2013,36,42,3,3,2>Oh sweet little coffee shop on Franklin. You are usually moderately busy during the day, and full of students studying at night. You have the best selection of the most tasty teas, and your bananas and apples are not brown and bruised. Your art is local and from small artists, and your bench-seating by the window is cozy for one or many. Your prices are decent, and your wifi is plentiful. Sure, you have a homeless person or two who seem to wander in and out at regular intervals, but such is the ambiance of East Franklin. Your music is never obtrusive, and always conducive to studying or light conversation, not to mention that your baristas are friendly, helpful, and knowledgable. You are a cozy shop, and even after I graduate and do not need you for studying purposes, I will still stop in for some of that peppermint-citrus tea!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,8/15/2013,45,92,5,3,4>Duuuuuuude. Jiffy Burger. If you haven't had this burger yet, buck up and do it! Stop complaining about the idea of peanut butter on a burger. It's the best one there is.As I tell EVERYONE who asks me, this is the only food item I actually ingest in slow motion, because I never want it to end. Enough said.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/14/2013,68,98,3,8,4>This is a well run, clean (yes, actually CLEAN) roller rink.  We went there recently and they had just put in new carpeting the day before.  I actually sat on roller-rink carpet and didn't stick!!!  (If you remember roller-rinks from your youth, they typically smelled like a beautiful blend of cotton candy and feet).The admission price was fair at $6.00, the skate rental price fair at $1.00 for old-school 4-wheeled skates and $3.00 for in-line skates, the "locker" (coat and shoe-check) fair at $.59, the facility clean and the staff VERY friendly and helpful.  I had my disabled son with me who can't skate and one of the staff members actually brought him a glow stick on the house for the "glow skate" so he could have a way to take part.The temperature was comfortable considering the large number of kids skating in a circle like a tween-whirlpool.  The rules of the place are enforced (which as a parent I appreciate) giving a friendly, peaceful and most of all SAFE environment for all ages of kid (and adult for that matter).The games and vending machines all operational (causing a vast quarter-drain to me due to my daughter "needing" to purchase stick-on mustaches... but I will save that for a later therapy session).The food was cheap (hot dogs, pizza-oven pizzas, fountain soda, cotton candy and some other candy treats) and was typical roller-rink fare.  (If you are from Skateville and reading this, you might consider a couple of more up-scale items for parents... IE a nice coffee from one of those brew by the cup machines, maybe a mixed fruit cup and maybe a couple more upscale snacks.  You will make more because you can actually charge more for them - parents will pay for these nicer options.  Just something to think about).  The previous being said, obviously one doesn't go to the roller-rink for a 5 course meal.  The snack bar is well balanced for kids and teens.They have a little trinket/gift shop/small kid toy counter that sells blinky and glow items as well as all the other little goofy bracelets, slinky style things and other doodads that kids like.  This is where you will be hit up by your kids for a blinky pacifier or a glow stick for the "glow skate".  Don't worry, the stuff here is cheap.The music was age-appropriate KDWB-esque / Radio Disney-esque music with no foul words or severely sexual/violent messages or profanity.  I appreciated that (and think back to skating to 2 live crew when I was a kid skating in Milwaukee).  They also played some of the old school "hokey-pokey", "happy birthday" and "chicken dance" music.During the skating session, they had a few games they played with prizes (mainly a free pop from the concession stand) and some features (backwards skate, glow skate, etc).All in all, this was a good value for an entire evening of family entertainment in a clean, safe and kid/teen-friendly environment run by a crew of responsible and friendly adults who sincerely seemed to care about their jobs and our kids.(Memo before you go, do know that there will likely be a TON of birthday parties... So, if you will not be skating with the kids, come early to get in line prior to the session starting so that you can claim a table or bench space to sit while your kids circle 87945703058934089 times around the floor).
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/12/2013,25,80,7,7,7>Oh Lyle's, it is so easy to be faithful to you.My review is pointless -- there isn't anything that hasn't yet been said about Lyle's. The food is just what you'd expect from any dive. And if you get there right at 6PM most days guess what?? You guessed it...free wings. Awesome right? I know!The drinks? Well lets just say that you can catch a buzz for $10. No joke. Half of the time you either get 2 for 1's or try a $ Mystery Beer, either way you can't go wrong.Like to rack 'em? They've got a pool table or try your luck at an arcade game. This place is great and the staff is awesome.Lyle's..until next time.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,8/11/2013,31,91,4,4,4>Got Crabs? Our little hidden gem of the cities! Don't let the run-down, dolla billz steer you from trying their menu out. On Wednesdays, they offer a crab legs special, and take it from this crabby conisseour, it's delish! $14 will get you 3 big legs, side salad and potato choice.  FYI: Post Twins game this spot gets packed so be prepared to share tables with radnoms, but that just makes your Cuzzy's experience even better!  Next up for me...Taco Tuesdays!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,11/26/2009,34,120,7,4,3>Dear Surdyk's,I love you.  You have a fantastic selection of wines, booze and beer.  This makes me very happy.  Your cheese selection is unparalleled.  I love cheese.  But your cheese and adult beverages are not the only reasons I like you; I'm not that shallow. I like that you have a delicious selection of sandwiches, soups and salads made fresh daily.  I like that you tell me what the aforementioned daily deli tasties are each day on your website.  I like your oatmeal chocolate chip cookies and that your staff, whether in the deli or in the liquor store, are so very helpful and knowledgeable.  I like that you send me little "Heart Healthy" gift certificates in the mail.  I like that you don't judge me for how often I am in or for what I buy.  And I like that no matter how haggard I'm looking or how dark the circles are under my eyes, your cashiers always card me.Surdyk's, no matter what others may say, or how your customers sometimes annoy me during your big wine sales, I'm in it for the long haul.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,11/25/2009,63,166,4,8,5>I was impressed with this place.  I think it used to be Sydney's - Crave is a definite improvement.  The covered patio is a great idea - perfect for a summer day.  My friend and I split the bento box and the beet & walnut salad.  The beet & walnut salad was good, but they went way overboard on the beets.  I know, I know, beet is part of the name, but I really could have used some more greens and maybe a little more cheese in there.  The bento box was a nice size.  The tempura wasn't too greasy.  The smoked eel sushi were dipped in an oyster sauce that was quite good.  We had a very long lunch (2 hours) and only had our water filled once so I wasn't too thrilled with the service.  The waitress didn't point out the sushi menu (we found it under the salt & pepper shaker after we were almost done eating), which was too bad because we would have tried something off of the sushi menu.My friend insisted that I add something about their restroom.  The decor was great and it looks like it would be a nice bathroom, but the automatic flushing toilets don't work very well.  It took two flushes for the flush to actually take.  Maybe they're trying to conserve water?  Also, the toilet paper rolls just sit on the holders (not held in place) so when you pull on the paper, it just slides off and the toilet paper roll lands on the icky floor.  Just a heads up to make sure you hold on to that roll!  The sink is also conducive to water splashing all over the counter.  The bathroom wasn't disgusting, but it just goes to show that appearances don't make the bathroom.Overall, I enjoyed my meal and would definitely come back again.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,11/24/2009,33,68,3,6,4>The Light Rail is the best invention since string cheese.  I can't wait until we have a train linking Minneapolis and Saint Paul.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,11/23/2009,70,198,4,11,7>One of the best radio stations in the entire country, The Current is a tiny spec of paradise in an ocean of the infectious disease that is the soulless monopoly of corporate radio. I've lived in some major metropolitan areas, and none of their stations can boast anything like the current, except for maybe KCRW in LA, but they didn't play music all the time when I lived there.Although occasionally getting hung up on certain new songs, I am still pleasantly shocked to hear the occasional Motown, Hip-Hop, Folk, Classic Rock, or whatever random song that their, apparently, free-willed DJs feel compelled to play. It's far from perfect, but when you have so few genuinely different choices, over an entire nation teeming with thousands upon thousands of FM signals,  The Current deserves every one of those 5 stars.I have had both XM and Sirius and their supposed "college" stations can't hold a candle to what The Current brings to the table, and it's free. Keep up the good work. Keep bringing new music to our ears with an ear to the past. 89.3 is truly a treasure! And I thought I was never going to unplug my MP3 player again...Update: 12/15/09Enough with Brother Ali already... sheesh!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,11/22/2009,65,311,3,11,9>There are a couple of unique things about the Dock.First, they serve popcorn with real butter.  If you don't think this is a big deal, try it and you'll realize what you have been missing out on all these years.Second, the main theatre is old school style, not stadium.  Yeah, stadium makes for a better viewing experience but everytime I see a movie in the main theatre it reminds me of going to the movies as a kid.Third, the upstairs "stadium" style theatre appears to be a converted balcony.  What is cool about this is that is feels like a personal screening room.  There are maybe 6 rows or so of seats and you are super close but not too close.Fourth, the Dock is in Excelsior and the vibe in the summer is great.  Grab a bite to eat at Jake's, shop the cool little book store, hit a movie at the Dock, and the finish it off with ice cream at Licks Unlimited.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,11/21/2009,15,46,,5,5>I love this gem in dinkytown.  I always forget about it because of where it is located.  The decor and ambiance are enchanting and create a romantic and eclectic atmosphere.  And of course the bathrooms are unique.  The student discount is an added bonus.  The food is great, not excellent, but definitely decent.  I had no complaints, nor did my date the few times we went there.  I highly recommend buying a whole bottle of wine and sharing it with your company.  I have recently been craving another trip to Loring, especially during the warmer months when they have the doors open and seating near the sidewalk!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,11/20/2009,58,131,6,10,4>Let me preface this with the fact that I am by no means an Indian food expert.  I have no idea if the food is authentic and hits the mark (although I bet it is and does), but I can say that I liked everything I tasted.Imagine a food court restaurant with no menu above the counter (not even nice looking blanks covering the white innards of the previous restaurant's menu), just an electronic sign scrolling that says "Buffet - $5".  Now imagine not walking away and going through the line and asking for a little bit of most of the food, getting to the end and having to pay $6 because you're a big spender and opted for the beverage.Now you're thinking to yourself, "Self, this can't be good.  This is a large selection, surely they can't make all of these things well."  You'd be wrong.  Everything tasted good and they all tasted different (a problem I have with some Indian restaurants that I've been to).  Things had a nice spice, not hot (although a pure-bred Minnesotan might burst into flames, but that's not really a good measuring stick).Basically, good food, good selection, good price.  Good work.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,11/19/2009,203,560,2,4,4>I normally try to use the washers at my building, but I had a big comforter to wash and needed a commercial machine up to the task.  I'm glad I stumbled upon this laundromat!When I arrived, I noted that the place was clean and in good order.  I was greeted by the helpful attendant--when does THAT ever happen at a laundromat?  There were plenty of large capacity machines, and all were in working order.  Once the comforter was washed, it went into a giant capacity dryer.  I was out of there in under an hour with clean bedding.  Sweet!If you are feeling flush or lazy, you can drop your clothes off to be cleaned and folded (price is about a buck per pound).  The also offer pickup service.Bonus:  Laundromat is walking distance from The Happy Gnome...
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,11/18/2009,66,139,4,10,9>Everyone in my immediate family has now transplanted.  I am the last Minnesotan among us.  For the holidays I could amazon.com the hell out of them, I could send them cabin-kitsch from "Love From MN," or I could come down here.  I love being able to send to SF or AZ really quality handmade items that all say "Made in Minneapolis" on the back.  Because the cold and the chainsaw bears are not what my family misses about this lovely, if chilly town.  It's this - it's artisanal goods made with care and love that are actually useful and tasteful.  Three cheers, five stars, and I look forward to them moving even closer to my home.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,11/17/2009,9,50,,7,5>What a great place! It has a classic looking interior, with various German trinkets lining the walls. The food is superb, although I've only been there once. The brats we're perfectly seasoned and tasty, and the sauerkraut was absolutely delicious. The Glockenspiel seems to be ideal for large group occasions, and the German beer seems to be a highlight for many visitors, which isn't surprising. I definitely look forward to my next visit.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,10/13/2009,89,97,15,9,10>You know how I said I'd make babies with the egg rolls at Cali's? Well, I would cheat on said egg rolls to bump uglies with the Juicy Nooky. These burgers are the stuff of legend and will be written about in children's books in another hundred years. Two burgers with hot bubbly cheese in the middle is meat eating genius. The fries here are also fresh cut daily and very tasty. I'll quit talking about the food since I'm sure you've all seen Guy Fietti give us his O Face over this place on Food Network. One more thing on that though. Because of the G.D. television show it's even busier in here than it used to be. The beer selection is also pretty good. I believe I enjoyed some Schells Dark during my last visit. One more thing on the food. They have a fantastic creation called the Nookie Supreme which is pretty much a big mac type burger except that it tastes good and it's really freakin big. If you can eat two of them in one sitting you get a tshirt. I've already begun my training.....
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,10/12/2009,949,964,14,7,5>My husband told me if I were willing to trade chocolate cupcakes for a piece of white cake, that must be some cake. It had blueberry filling and white buttercream frosting. Couldn't put it down. The staff were so understanding and helpful to first timers. The irony was some twig walks up and orders a veggie wrap, while we're checking out all the desserts. They thought it was funny too. But she's missing out. Thrilled to have a famous pastry chef in a central location. Like the bakery terminator, I'll be back.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,10/11/2009,114,242,7,5,6>Oh Juut ...  you have saved me from many bad haircuts.   I remember several years ago when I walked and said "do you have anyone who can fix this" .... you gave me Carolyn.  Then Carolyn left and I did something stupid.   I had a fling with another hair salon.   But then I came back and again with my head hung low ... said "do you have anyone who can fix this"  and within an hour you handed me a cup of tea and had me in to see Jeanne... who fixed it.   I will no longer take you for granted.  Though I may need my east coast fling with Carolyn or Ruth, you still have me here.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,10/10/2009,25,58,2,2,2>As we open the curtains on tonights show, (a gala event) I will set the stage. We are flying out to the east cost, (super fun) we are there early in the morning, breeze through the TSA people, then find where our plane was going to be. Fine, were early, so lets get some food! YAY! So my gultiest pleasure, Cinnabon! We look all around, up and down the corridors searching for the place. No go. They took it out. Tisk Tisk, I could deal with the crumbling drywall, famous bathrooms, but no Cinnabon is too much. aside from that, they have a very good collection of shopping and places to grab a quick snack. The parking is hard to figure out and if you are going to pick a travler up, you have to time it just so or you will end up having to speed past all of the people and around a big ramp then back into the airport, no fun. Its not the classiest of airports but it serves a great deal of poeple without any issue. one star off for the parking and traffic system.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,10/9/2009,84,289,6,6,14>Dressed in our best and on our way to a wedding, several friends and I were trying to cross Summit Ave one Friday night. We were not at a stoplight, and things weren't looking promising.Then a firetruck stopped and turned on their lights.Was it an emergency?No, they were just helping us cross the road.As if those guys don't do enough already!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,10/8/2009,13,116,8,7,5>we lived right around the corner from this place for a few months and while i would drop my shirts off to get pressed next door, for some reason we could never drag our asses into this place.  big mistake.the food's delicious the prices are reasonably unreasonable and the ambiance is excellent.  warning though, if you're looking for a place to end a relationship this is probably not the place to do it.  the seating's tight and your neighbor is going to be privy to what's going on which likely wouldn't be cool.if, however, you're looking for a great meal with a reasonable wine selection and pricing, cave vin is a south side find.  it's half-price bottles of wine on tuesday's iirc. all the more reason.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,10/7/2009,39,93,,10,9>This is my new FAV place to eat. It helps that it is less than a mile from my house, but I have friends that drive from South Minne to eat here. It is in an old strip mall, but don't let this fool you.The service is wonderful - the owner will typically wait on your table and if you're having trouble ordering - he will order for you and insist you try. Some people may find this offensive - I don't because he knows his native food better than I do! Also have a Taj Mahal beer - 22 oz of Indian beer - even though most don't drink in India. If you want the full experience you can ask them for "seeds and sugar" at the end of your meal and you get a traditional ramekin of fennel seeds and sugar to end your meal.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,10/6/2009,35,92,2,5,5>I'm a student teacher on an ant-sized budget.  I covet beautiful clothes, and this store allowed me not only  try them on, but actually purchase them.  I got a gorgeous Thomas Pink women's dress shirt for $15.  AMAZING.  Everything is beautifully chosen -- only the nicest pieces make it in, and the care the owner takes is apparent.  If you want pristine designer clothing that is beautifully presented and collected for next-to- nothing, this is the place.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,10/5/2009,154,274,24,3,5>Alright.I am not giving this place a 5 star rating because it's a great bar.I'm giving it a 5 star rating because of all the crazy shit that happened.It is to say in the least, that it was a memorable night.Upon coming to Cloggy's,I had my boob grabbed within 5 minutes of walking in the door.Not kidding.My best friend was ordering us a couple drinkswhen I saw a man sitting next to him that was clearly wasted.The man was probably 55 or so and was slouching in his chair,hiccuping occasionally.I tapped him on the shoulder and said"gee, it sounds like you have the hiccups, there".He stared at me for a moment and then stared at my boobs.Then without warning, he reached over and grabbed one of my boobs.Awesome.So I walked away and waited for my friend to bring me my beerat a safe arm's length distance from Mr. Gropey-Groperton.The Groper guy's name ended up being Jim.And he ended up getting shoved out into the street during a severe rain stormby the bar tender named Jeremy.Yup, shoved.Like, hard.To the point that Jim fell flat on his butt in a big puddle.Obviously a high point of Jim's life.Then my bestie had to go pee pee,so he went to the men's room to unload.When he got to the men's room,he discovered a dude standing therewith a plastic shopping bag over his head.The guy had removed his shoes and placed themon the floor beside him.In his hand, an aerosal can of cleaning product that he had found in the cabinet under the sink.Classy.Some dude came to Cloggy's to huff their cleaning product.Awesome.I'm so coming back here.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2008,10/4/2009,126,203,6,7,5>I have been to a lot of Mongolian BBQ joints, I love them. I get plenty to eat, and its pretty healthy, depending on what you put in it.  This place is ok.  The salad bar, which is extra $ in addition to the BBQ, is not stellar.  Not much to it, two soups, didnt try them.  The BBQ selection itself is pretty good. They dont charge an extra amount for seafood, it is all included. There is a good selection of sauces, and the have a $3 off Monday night student night.  The food was pretty good.  The service I experienced was terrible. The cooks that make your BBQ were friendly and talkative, but the server was well, not the brightest.  Couldnt seem to get the drink order correct, although it was complicated (1 diet coke, 1 regular)  3 tries later, we gave up.  She was not around much, and literally used the phrase "you guys" at least 11 times per visit to the table. I have issue with not getting refills when I am eating spicy food, and this applies, depending on the sauce you use.   Anyway, if you like lots of veggies, its a good place to eat.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,12/19/2013,39,67,3,8,6>My partner and I are near Cafe Maude often, because the church across the street is our congregation.  (That lot is overflow parking for Cafe Maude, by the way.)  But aside from some truffle fries, we'd never stopped over for a meal.Well, last night was date night for us, and the prix fixe menu looked great, so we finally experienced Cafe Maude.  And it was great!Our first course was "Shrimp & Grits etouffée, smoked tomato, cheddar".  The whole thing was delicious; the shrimp were cooked perfectly over a wood fire so they had a bit of smoky flavor.  We about licked our plates of the grits.  Second course was "Seared Maine Diver Scallops; saffron fregola, sun dried tomato romesco, charred spring onion, capers, beurre blanc."  My partner had this option and really liked it.  He said the scallops were cooked perfectly (and he's picky about scallops).  He gave me a bite and it was really very tasty.My own second course was "Togarashi Steak Salad carrot, bell pepper, asparagus, spring onion, radish, thai vinaigrette" which was delicious.  The steak was not overcooked but was a perfect medium, just like I requested it.  The salad was both beautiful and delicious, and the portion size wasn't huge but was about right, considering it was a several-course meal.Dessert!  My partner had "Blood Orange Cheesecake; gingersnap crumble, blood orange curd" which he enjoyed a lot.  Again, I got one bite and it was delicious.My own dessert was "Coconut Panna Cotta; lime curd, coconut shortbread"  I liked it all, and even the little shortbread squares were great.  Total bill for two people, with the included two drinks plus an extra beer, was about $60 -- which is not bad; it's what we expect to spend other places too.  Within the range of normal.  Service was great -- The fellow who fills water glasses was filling up my glass all the time - which I loved, since I'm trying to drink more water.We will definitely be back.  Probably on Monday, again, for the prix fixe menu!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,12/18/2013,38,64,3,7,5>My Corner Table, how you've changed! We hadn't been here in a couple of years because, to be honest, I can remember not being that impressed the last time I had been.  But, after hearing about the new chefs and tasting some of their goodies at North Coast Nosh, I thought, hey, let's give it a try.  This place was warm and bustling on a Saturday night.  We had 8pm reservations and were seated promptly.  Our waitress was lovely, and exactly what I would hope to have at a restaurant like Corner Table.  She was extremely knowledgable not only the food and wine, but also where things came from.  She told us about how the chef does whole animal butchering on site and how they have some friends who are professional foragers who drop off goodies for them.  I love hearing these details and I also love when a server cares that much about the food they are serving! We started out with the charcuterie plate and an asparagus salad.  The charcuterie plate was quite large, but we managed to put down most of it.  A pate en croute, a house made sausage, lamb liverwurst with egg salad, and a duck pate made up the plate.  It was served with a big bowl of grilled bread, sweet corn madeleines (of which I ate all four) and savory profiteroles.  The meat was amazing, but the favorites were the liverwurst and egg salad (I should probably mention here that I don't even LIKE egg salad and I loved this) and the duck pate.  The pate was so creamy and topped with a layer of either lard or duck fat.  The salad was delicious, with ribbons of asparagus along with tender stalks and served with a poached egg.  The only complaint here is that the egg was slightly overcooked - it didn't quite ooze the way you'd like a poached egg to.  I ended up having to slowly dole out the precious bits of egg yolk with each bite.The entrees were great as well.  The man enjoyed the plum duck with poached turnips.  I had the lamb ragu with house made noodles and pea shoots.  I will each pea shoots in just about anything.  They have the best flavor and after a long and depressing spring, these bright bites of pea goodness just made the dish.   The lamb was perfectly cooked and seasoned, as was the pasta.  The portions were large and we both ended up taking some home.The waitress was even nice enough to cork and bag our leftover wine for us - something I absolutely hate having to ask for.  It makes me feel like I gave up on our wine, although really, who can finish a whole bottle between two people (sarcasm intended here.) We then decided that since we were really cheating on our diets here we might as well get dessert.  I've said it before and I'll say it again, if a small restaurant makes an effort to do dessert well, then they are good to go in my book.  And my, Corner Table certainly stepped up to the plate.  I had sweet potato donuts.  I'll say that again: Sweet.  Potato.  Donuts.  With a maple cream dipping sauce.  They were warm, fried pieces of delicious.  Seriously.  For a more springy dish, we also order the rhubarb genoise which was a delightful light cake studded with pieces of tart rhubarb and topped with a quenelle of whipped cream.  Certainly the yin to my sweet potato donut yang.  All in all, a fantastic and reasonably priced meal.  It's great to have a place like this in the Twin Cities, who are really making an effort to not only connect with their purveyors but with their customers as well.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,12/17/2013,87,191,2,9,3>Dragon Star is another establishment that I was unaware of until recently. I had driven by it a number of times and saw the gold lions outside the door--something that always catches my eye. But, being a United Noodles faithful, I never felt the need to go inside until curiosity got the best of me.I wasnt expecting much since Ive been in a number of Asian markets all over the country, and having lived in Asia, I find many of the markets in the U.S are lacking in the ambiance factor that is such a huge aspect of this type of shopping in other parts of the world. The jewelry store signs also contributed to my opinion, admittedly, but I was pleasantly surprised by what I found inside.It's not nearly as mainstream as United Noodles, but it's huge. They offer just about anything you can think of in terms of produce, rice, meats, and fish. I was shocked to see that there was even a large market area in the back of the store that had a variety of goods from apparel to cleaning supplies to a freezer case of more food items. In my opinion, however, I think the top reason to stop here is for extremely inexpensive banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches). They have become somewhat of a hot "new" item on the food scene the past few years, and prices for this working man's food have gone through the roof. It's not uncommon to see it on a restaurant menu for $8-12. You can get a decent sized sandwich at Dragon Star for $2.50! Overall, it's a great place to browse, do you weekly shopping, or grabbing a few sandwiches to go. I can't say it beats United Noodles and it doesnt have that "personal" appeal that places like Kim's Market have, but I enjoy it nonetheless.Pros: dedicated parking lot, fairly inexpensive, banh mi, variety of goods.Cons: Another stop that is somewhat out of the way for people on my side of the river (Minnehaha & Dale), not as mainstream as places like United Noodles--dont expect the same array of Japanese goods (for example).
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,12/16/2013,86,304,8,4,6>This is the Disneyworld of healthcare. By that I mean this place is like a fairy tale, a total urban myth. It was too pleasant of an experience to actually have been real. I ended up at Park Nicollet because my dear friend Rachel sprained her ankle on a rug. We walked in, waited for probably 15 seconds, and were helped by an unusually chipper front desk attendant, who pointed us towards the dreaded insurance desk. As Rachel hopped over, three different Park Nicollet employees insisted loudly on a wheelchair, and before we had gone the 10 feet a wheelchair appeared.Matt at the insurance desk was HYSTERICAL. From cracking jokes, to whispering insider info on where to get cheap ankle braces, to hyping Rach up on the job interview she had that afternoon, he went out of his way to make the experience of navigating the insurance system 100% painless. I began to question my own sobriety at this point- it's only 9am. I can't be hallucinating, right? In 2 minutes Rach was taken to see the doctor, who began asking her a series of seemingly-irrelevant questions. These questions ended up meaning that Rachel did not have to have an x-ray done- meaning Dr. Peterson had just saved Rach (and her insurance company) a couple hundred bucks. No ordering of unnecessary tests? #WINNING. Then, as though our experience hadn't been good enough, Nurse Vicki took the time to instruct Rach on how to use crutches. She walked with her up and down the hall to make sure she was all set, and then helped her out to my car.I don't know what they're smoking over there, or what's in the water. I don't care. You don't get this kind of healthcare EVER, ANYWHERE. I am never going anywhere else. These folks are dedicated to patients in a way I have never seen, and every step of our experience here was infused with excellence. WELL DONE, everyone, and THANK YOU.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/15/2013,29,44,8,10,8>Winner of Food Court Wars on Food Network, winner of the taste buds in my mouth.  I'll admit I came here expecting awesome because they were on TV and were local (same team!). I tried my best to calm myself down before taking the first bite so that I may have an objective point of view. We entered the food court at Burnsville Center and immediately knew where to find this place based on the line of people. The staff was super friendly and were obviously genuinely happy to have each customer. That attitude is rare. Don't let it fade, guys! Both the lady and I ordered a boneless jerk chicken bowl with mild sauce. This includes what appears to be a slaw of sorts and a couple fried plantains on top of a bed of coconut rice and beans. They do have bone-in chicken and a few extra sides available for you to choose, along with all of this in wrap format. Presentation of the food was wonderful and fed my eyes.  The actual bowls in which the food sat left something to be desired. Cut them slack on the dinnerware though, they just got here!The mild jerk sauce was presented to us on the side. I ripped it open (with objective excitement) and dumped it all over my chicken and mixed it with the rice as well. The first bites of the rice and chicken were heaven. I have problems with chicken at most eating establishments (inedible chewy pieces, random odd flavors) but this... This was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The "Minnesota nice" mild sauce packs some spice, like a child kicking you in the shins, just enough to make you notice... LOOK AT ME!!! Each bite I mixed in some rice and sometimes some of the slaw. The slaw cooled it down some but most notably it completed the texture trifecta and added some crunch to this culinary equation. I noticed my nose running and my tongue burning a bit at this point as I killed off my last bite of chicken and rice. I then dove into the plantains. These are insanely, insanely good. Perfectly cooked as well, just enough sweetness. They completely destroyed the lingering spice in my mouth and acted as the encore of awesomeness for this meal. I met Yoni and talked to him about Yelp and told him the food was awesome.  While a handshake couldn't be obtained due to him wearing gloves, we did manage to bump elbows. Fun experience all around. These guys are the real deal. If they keep up the food freshness and quality along with keeping up the right attitude, they'll be on their way to greater success.  I hope this is a hint of what is to come to Burnsville Center and mall food courts in general. Food-truck, street-vendor and restaurant quality food will get me to the mall more often.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/14/2013,19,66,5,9,7>I've been trying all the BBQ places in South and SW Minneapolis and C&G came up on Yelp as a nearby place so we decided to try it. I'm happy we did. Despite the incorrect Yelp reviews saying the menu is difficult to find, (It isn't, we posted it here.) we found the whole experience to be quite satisfying.We ordered the rib tips and the brisket, a full pound of each. For sides we chose the red beans and rice, the water bread, a small baked beans and the macaroni and cheese. (Water bread is like corn bread, kinda. Good though.)The brisket was good, don't get me wrong, but the rib tips were absurd. I could not stop eating them like a fat kid back from Heavyweights fat camp. Good gravy they were amazing. They were juicy without being floppy and were seasoned just the right amount. I will be ordering them again.We were pleasantly surprised at the red beans & rice AND the baked beans, they put brisket pieces in those! Just silly amazing. You have to try it.I actually asked the owner, who helped us as we picked it up, what the best thing on the menu was. He simply said, "I like everything. It's what I served my kids." While I appreciate his honestly, sweet baby jesus those tips were great. Try those first, yes.There is a Monday/Tuesday lunch special, 11-3pm, where the 1 pound of tips are only $6. If you add in some mac n cheese, oh biscuits, that's an A+ neighborhood meal. Get on that!I'll definitely be ordering from here again, trying other areas of the menu and having South Minneapolis fiery debates taking their side against Ted Cook's or Cap's in the future soon.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/13/2013,81,185,5,7,6>Why haven't I been here before? Spent many nights at the old Blues Saloon in Frogtown -- saw bands from The Paladins from LA  to local Big Walter Smith there back in the late 80s - early 90s. Well, a social media post about it being a dance party for those born in the summer (not me) lured us there for whatever reason.All I can say is some kinda voodoo came over me upon walking in. No trip to the bar to linger, look around and order a libation. Stellar music from a bunch of seasoned pros drew me right  to the dance floor. Then the back up singer/dancer pointed at me and I went directly to shakin booty and tamborine on the stage. WTF!? It was like some kinda religious experience. Baptized by the Blues Saloon, I'm calling it. But all that aside, it's a huge, fantastic venue. I'm going to take fellow yelper Rhonda G's advice and try the food next time.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,12/12/2013,515,227,22,16,20>Mission accomplishedZiggy Zocky Oy! Oy! Oy!Ate meter of meatI have been to Gasthof a number of times now.  Always good food and good times.  Last night I completed the meter bratwurst challenge featured on Man vs. Food for the second time (three plus feet of meat and two sides of your choosing).  Supposedly, one out of seven is able to complete it.  My tip - avoid getting the potato croquet or anything starchy as sides.  I went with double cabbage this time and asparagus and cabbage the last time.  Beat my first time last night by about 15 minutes when I clocked in at an hour and five minutes on completion.  I'm not a competitive eater, just a guy who likes to eat. Prost!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,12/11/2013,25,138,12,5,6>I have been here four times--all ending in horrific fashion. The first was simple; I had to buy new bed sheets. The second, due a buddy's slightly-shy-of-gentlemanly behavior, we were 'kindly' escorted out.  The third, I will not mention here. And the fourth, I have no idea what transpired as I am incapable of recalling it.It is important to note, whether you are rating the success of a public education plan, legislative agendas, or engine torque (which in and of itself means nothing unless paired to the weight of the vehicle its meant to pull), reviewing anything must be made according to applicable metrics.You don't come to the Dragon for class, for innovative aromas, or charming dishes.  No one is claiming, expecting, or should be anticipating good food, drinks, or service (which isn't bad).  The fried rice is more fried than rice; the mixed drinks are more poison than pop; and the environment--particularly post 10 PM--has one unified agenda: You come here to get drunk with some wicked drank.For nomination in the dive-to suckle-from-the-Wonderous-Punch, 4 stars (only a couple times a year though--whoever drinks here regularly has problems).
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/10/2013,24,111,12,8,8>I just noticed I have never reviewed this gem. As someone who tries to avoid carbs, this is my kryptonite. I love this place like a fat kid loves cake. And I know something about that, since I was a fat kid who LOVED cake. Well, still does. Price? Cheap. 2 ham and cheese crossiants, a chocolate crossiant, 2 coffees, come in around 9-10 bucks. Oh, and speaking of the ham and cheese crossiant, it is quite possibly the best breakfast item EVER, Like, if I went there and the person in front of me bought the last one, they will either sell it to me or face the consequences.*Bring cash, buy delicious baked goods, be happy.*there really are not any consequences. Like Smokey, I myself am a Pacifist. Not in Nam of course...
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2009,5/21/2010,46,143,1,5,3>I'm a hot dog/sausage guy. I don't get burger joints. I can appreciate a tasty burger, but I really don't think this place is worth the wait. I went here for lunch one day and the line was out the door. I figured it had to be good so I joined the ranks in line. I had a bacon burger and a regular fry. This was WAY too much food. I should have gone with the smaller burger, what ever they call it. Was it a good burger for the price? Most definitely. If you happen by on a day/time when the line is small, stop on in, you won't regret it. Unless of course you are watching the notches on your belt. Then stay away.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,5/20/2010,85,313,2,4,3>Ok I loved morts. I read some other reviews in the paper and in the msp mag. We got there and were seated fast, our waitress was nice. We asked what was good and based on what we liked we got good suggestions. I had the coffee which is a house blend it was very good. I liked the pickles and tomato then on to the kanish something I have never had but now i am a die-hard fan. Then on to the main course. I got the turkey half with their signature kettle chips. The half was as much as I needed and I am a big guy. The turkey was great so moist you didn't need any sauce or mayo or anything the chips were great and fresh. My wife had the egg salad whole and it was huge she got the fries and they were very good. After we were stuffed as could be I wanted to try a desert. Why wouldn't I it was my first trip there and I loved everything so far. I picked the newyork cheese cake which is from new york and the blueberry topping. I have about a quarter of a slice and it was all I needed I think it must have been a two pounds slice. I took the rest home and sent it with my mom who was watching our kids. She didn't even get home before she called me and raved about the cheese cake that she decided to eat while she was driving because it looked so good. IT was a great meal and there are lots more things I want to try at morts. The nicest thing is we got by with an app, drinks, main course and desert and tip for $35 total a hard thing to come by in today's world of food. I will go again but I may have to diet a little one thing about morts there is nothing light about it =)
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,5/18/2010,163,151,2,9,1>Upon first driving up - I was unnerved by that fact that this is directly across the street from Cafe Ena...which has a great wine list.Crossing the threshold I instantly felt like I was on a movie set.  Well designed interior - both extremely cozy and modern.Now to the food.  I was put off by the fact that I called ahead - around 6:30 - to ask how late their kitchen was open.  I got the response of 11:30 on a Friday - which is great because I had out of town guests coming around 9:30.  We were greeted and seating immediately.  Then we were told that only the small bites were available after 10:30...which sucks - because I had read the menu online and was looking forward to the braised short ribs...and this is something they could have mentioned, when I had called earlier.  The food was good.  We had scallops, the beet salad and the brussels sprouts..the bread sucked.Wine list was awesome - LOTS to choose from and VERY reasonably prices.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,5/17/2010,42,108,,5,4>I recently ate dinner with some friends at Lotus to Go Go.  It was my first visit, and I can surely say it won't be my last.The menu is very extensive, and even the vegetarian/vegan options are plentiful (and cheap!).  I asked for the waiters recommendation and ended up with the Imperial Tofu.  It was quite tasty and included many fresh, crispy veggies.  I also had the tempura veggies.  While they tasted good, the breading was a little to think and greasy for my taste, so I doubt I would get them again.  At less than 8 bucks a pop for a pretty good Asian entree, I think this will become a regular carry-out spot for me.  However, due to the limited parking, small dining room and lack of booze, I don't think I would dine-in often.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2009,5/15/2010,29,417,4,4,3>This is a pretty cool place to visit every once in awhile, or if you want to feel fancy and hip. This is one of those bars where everyone is looking around at what everyone else is doing, drinking, and wearing (and I totally admit, I did that a little when I was there!) I can't see myself going here unless someone comes from out of town and I want to show off the skyline (which is what we did), or I get a craving for overpriced drinks, and a desire to see and be seen. Yes, the views are amazing. The drinks are fancy and overpriced, but tasty. The setup reminds me of an apartment, with a series of smaller rooms with lounge chairs and couches. Appreciated that they didn't mind at all that we pull a few chairs from various spots in a room together. Bottom line, definitely check it out once on a clear day.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,5/14/2010,33,111,1,7,6>This is an incredible event. I was not expecting such huge turnout - thousands of people and their animals all together in one place. The event is very well organized, with off-site parking with free buses to the walking trail. The line for the bus is HUGE - easily over 100 yards long, but moves very quickly as they have dozens of buses rotating between the offsite parking and the event. We were through the lne in 20 mins or less.There are numerous water bowls on the trail for your dog. Volunteers handing out free poop-bags. Snacks and water for people. Pretty much everything is taken care of, even if you showed up with nothing but your pet. We took the bus full of people and their pets to the waling trail, where there is a place to register and booths for local vendors. There is also food (Panda Express and some other options).The walk itself is 5 miles - 2.5 each way with bathrooms and refreshments at the halfway mark. The trail is paved the entire way, if you have a stroller or wagon, as many people did. This is the ultimate event for pet lovers. Dogs, dogs, and more dogs. Cats, some rabbits, some guinea pigs. A goat. A guy with a damn monkey! It was sitting on his shoulders! Locals sitting on their lawn watching the pet parade go by. Kids and pets playing. Everyone smiling!Dogs are probably 98% or more of the pets here. It would not be unreasonable to say there were over 1000 dogs there total. Every breed, and seemingly every combination of breeds is represented. This is the best event I've been to in Minneapolis so far. I will be back every year with our pup Ajax. Not to be missed.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,5/13/2010,134,345,3,4,5>A word to the Hard Times virgins--bring cash.  No plastic accepted here!This place is just what the doctor ordered after a night of beers out on the town.  :)  We stopped in Halloween night for some post-party refreshments.  I ordered rice and beans, my boyfriend had some hash browns.  We learned that going forward, half an order of has browns will suffice.  The whole order is as big as your head!  Friends had biscuits and gravy, as well as a breakfast burrito with chips and salsa.  Everyone was more than satisfied with their food, and we even took lots of leftovers home.The staff is brash in an awesome way--the cashier insists that you write down the prices for everything, and the cook yells your name when your food is ready.  If she can't read your writing, she'll say what was ordered and chew your ass for having poor penmanship.  :D  We need more places like this in Minneapolis.It's about as self serve as you can get.  You have to write your order, as well as the prices and your name on your order slip.  You pour your own water if you want it.  You pick up your own food AND bus your own table.  The guy who wipes the tables down is hard to distinguish from the regular patrons of the place, which I think is neat.  Definitely check this place out at all hours of the day.  Late night yields just as interesting of an array of characters as afternoon and morning.  Stop in to play some checkers, read a copy of the Onion, or to do some homework.  You won't be disappointed.  :)
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,5/12/2010,57,68,4,5,3>Okay fine, I'll admit it. One reason I chose my new office space was for its proximity to Moose & Sadie's. If I am not working within a block of a decent coffee shop, I feel like I've lost somehow. But that's for Dr. Jung to parse. Moose & Sadie's is like its name suggests, a friendly, happy spot that asks little of its customers but to use its light-filled room to confab, have meetings, trysts, job interviews (it's so cute, I see it happening every week), and eat simple but tasty meals. This place reminds me of any number of spots in the West Village that become one's third place. And while that may be true of several spots in close proximity to Moose & Sadie's, they just do it a bit better here. I have been meaning to write about this spot for a while but wanted to eat enough meals (you know, not just coffee after coffee) to give my review some justice. Now I can say without hesitation that the menu features tasty local fare, focus on fresh, with a healthy helping of baked goods that in my sampling get a thumbs up. Come here for the atmosphere. Come back for the food.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,5/11/2010,42,213,1,5,5>My biggest pet-peeve is that they do not have more BBQ chicken options on the menu.But that is just water under the bridge my friends.The honey butter that comes with the cornbread is literally melt-in-your-mouth good, which is not something I experience particularly often.I am a huge fan of their Greek Salad which is accompanied by a huge hunk of feta cheese and is presented as whole romaine leaves.  It looks beautiful and tastes even better.Oh, and then there's the wings.  Huge, meaty wings.  Not weird gristly wings, not skimpy on the portions wings, not, "What part of the animal is this?" wings, not pterodactyl wings (you know what I'm talking about).  Go for the Dracula wings and you can slather as much of their incredible BBQ sauce on as you like, and you will never regret it or look back.Their wine list seems pretty reasonable too!  But seriously, following the wings, that's like the biggest afterthought...ever.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,5/10/2010,90,194,14,4,6>Holy crap! I had read the reviews, I had heard stories, but I finally experienced it for myself. I have to say again, Holy Crap! When I first walked in, I couldn't believe how packed the place was. I mean it was PACKED, wall to wall. It was literally impossible to get a drink- maybe because I am female, and so are the bartenders. I'm sure they figure I won't be their biggest tipper. Whatever. That's why I docked it a star. Now, what does one visualize when you say "Stripper Shoes" ?? Big, high heeled, platform, clear shoes, right!? Well, stripper shoes here are flip flops. Seriously. Like the ones you wear to the beach, or when you realize you forgot ketchup and have to run to WalMart. After noticing the flip flops, I also noticed that most of the girls appeared to be wearing bikinis instead of some sort of lingerie. So, maybe it's a theme? Any ways, it was weird. Not sexy, in my opinion, but then again, I am not a horny guy that just wants to see some nip. Please understand, I am not easily shocked. Ever. But I have to say I was shocked twice. First, when I walked in and the first thing I saw was a stripper on the poorly constructed stage putting her nipple in a guy's mouth! Is that a normal thing for a strip club? To let a man take a suckle on your nipple? The second time I was shocked is when I saw a lap dance being performed. The shock is 2 fold. First, it's not in some private space, it's just off to the side of the stage on a folding chair. Seriously. Second, either the stripper giving this lap dance bellied up to a buffet right before coming to work (which is possible) or she was about 5 months pregnant (also possible). I also found it amusing that all the girls, except the one that was trying to breast feed a patron, were basically flat chested. But, then again, it may be because none of them have gone through puberty yet. This place is a MUST. Even if it's only one time in your life, you HAVE to experience it!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,10/10/2011,413,275,6,6,5>When I walked in, I was instantly reminded of my favorite bar b q places back in Texas. The smells of beef, sausage, ribs, and homestyle sides made me want to grab a partner and do sa do. The first time I came I got the two meat combo with chopped brisket and cheddar sausage. Pass on the cheddar sausage, it tastes better on paper. For my sides, I got a baked potato casserole and green beans. The baked potato casserole is glorified mash potatoes. Nonetheless it was still very very good. I really liked the roll that the meal came with. The chopped brisket was juicy and fatty, just the way I like it. The second time around, I got a little hoagie with chopped brisket and a side of mac & cheese and onion tanglers. I loved the cheesy goodness of mac and cheese and the onion tanglers complemented my hoagie nicely (I put it inside the sandwich).The real reason I love this place is the free soft serve ice cream. How can you not love ice cream especially when it's free?
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,10/9/2011,57,12,5,9,5>If it wasn't against the law (and breaking about fifteen thousand health codes), I would LIVE at the Lotus - hiding in the backroom during the day and stuffing myself full of delicious noodle-and-rice goodness at night.  This place is a ninja of the Twin Cities - hiding innocently in the shadows of neighboring buildings until you turn the corner and "WHAM!"- it blindsides you with the most delicious and reasonably-priced food you've ever eaten.  Some personal favorites of mine include:* Pho - A Vietnamese chicken or beef soup that is a savory delight in every way.  Served in a bowl big enough to double as a bathtub, the broth is swimming with pieces of tender meat, freshly chopped onions, and just-cooked noodles that seem to go on forever.  They serve it with a side plate of bean sprouts, fresh mint sprigs and cilantro, Thai basil, and a wedge of lime -  the soup version of "choose your own adventure".  If you like it danger...er...hot, try a dash or two of the Sriracha to kick it up a notch.   *  Fresh spring rolls - I happen to prefer the shrimp spring rolls, but these also come in beef as well.  For a measly $4 you get two large hand-wrapped fresh rolls bursting with noodles, fresh vegetables, shrimp, and cilantro.   The peanut dipping sauce is tangy yet sweet.   Be careful of going with other people, because only one bite and they'll fight you over the last roll.  *  Sweet and Sour chicken - My friend ordered this, and although I usually look at sweet and sour as an "americanized" version of asian food, this was an amazing dish.  The sweet and sour pieces were crisp and freshly fried, the sauce was tangy and sweet, and the rice was fluffy and piled so high on the plate she barely made it through half of it before giving up in defeat.   Definitely a winner, and perfect for friends who are more "burgers and fries" than "asian fusion".  The Lotus is owned by a family of hard-working, personable individuals who will remember your face, your name, and who make you feel like you're among old friends.   One time my friend and I ordered food - not knowing it was superbowl sunday - and they stayed open an extra half hour just to give us time to get there.   And price?  This place is college-budget cheap, without sacrificing the quality of food.   So reasonable, in fact, that it's worth it to try an appetizer or two with your meal, just because you can.  It doesn't matter which one you try - they're all good. In short - you definitely have to try this place.   It's great food at a reasonable price, staffed by friendly people.   After one visit, you'll know you just found your new home-away-from-home.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,10/8/2011,43,140,6,8,9>After driving by this little place for 2 years, I finally decided it was time to eat here a week before I move 2 miles away.  Originally I thought I would get the gyro, but being it is a seafood market I opted for the fish and chips.  I'm pretty sure it was cod, because tilapia was another option.  It could've been catfish, but I didn't ask because frankly I didn't care.  The man that greeted us was super friendly and so cute!  I think I saw on the website that they are Egyptian.  Cool!  I was sorta disappointed that I couldn't leave a tip on my card though, so I ended up throwing whatever change I had in the tip jar.  He told us it would be about 5-7 minutes... when it hit 8 minutes he came out and apologized and said one more minute and gave a cute little smile.  No problem, friendly local fisherman!  We took our order to go, and the man once again came out and showed us what we were getting and said it was "very good, full of flavor".  Again, too cute.  At first I thought I'd be disappointed by the packets of tarter sauce, thinking because we paid for it it would be homemade.  But I was proven wrong and it wasn't the generic kraft packets... it was some brand I haven't heard of and it went perfectly with the fish.  The fillets (2) were large and lightly breaded.  Oily, but that was okay with me.  The flavor...a little bit of lemon, a little bit of lime, a little bit of pepper, maybe some garlic salt? I don't know, but it was delicious.  Like cute Egyptian man said, "full of flavor".  The fries were nothing special but you get enough for what you pay.  Heck, I'd pay $7 for just the fish!  I think I was more of a fan than my boyfriend, but he said it would try something else if we go again.  If we go again?  No, we are going again.  Maybe I'll go tomorrow for dinner and get that gyro I've been craving.Anyway, go here if you are in the NE neighborhood.  Support a local business, try something new, and get genuinely friendly service.  Oh, and they have a private lot if you drive over.  They also deliver with a min $15 purchase (2 fish and chips with tarter was a little more than $15) and it's a $2 charge.  So if you are too lazy to get your butt over to the seafood market MN... get it delivered!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,10/6/2011,48,140,,6,3>Just got back from having the sunday special at Kinsen:  half price on dishes with spice or egg and $3 bloodys and screwdrivers.  I got the shrimp tom yum, a kinsen iced tea (thai iced tea) and a bloody.  Everything was super delicious.  The tom yum broth was really, really tasty: spicy, good depth of flavor, with just a touch of fish sauce.  Our server was great - answered a lot of our questions (what are the specials on other days?   do you do take-out/delivery?  tell us about the owners.) and kept our water glasses very full (necessary for me with spicy food!)  Oh, yeah: ask for spicy sauce and you'll get a trio of sriracha, chili vinegar (YUM) and chili flakes.  LOVE that.It was fairly quiet on the Sunday night but I really hope they do well, because this is going to be a go-to neighborhood place for my boyfriend and I from now on.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,10/5/2011,131,140,2,7,5>Target field is great. From the food to the views, this ball park has everything a baseball fan could possibly want and then some.Since Target field opened last year, I've made it to enough games to try all of the food in the park. That being said, my hands down favorite food in the park is the Murray's steak sandwich. There are many other choices to choose from which I'm sure someone has wrote about so I won't just concentrate on the food here. Target field also has a pretty decent beer selection compared to what we were used to at the Dome. I've had the opportunity to sit in almost every area of the stadium and I don't think that there is a bad seat in the place. It all just depends on what you want to spend on tickets. Of course the dugout seats are great (private restrooms and concessions) but they are also rather expensive. If you're looking for great seats that are more wallet friendly, try sitting in out in left field where the views are still excellent but much more affordable. The jumbo monitors here are awesome and can be seem from anywhere in the stadium with ease. The concourses are all open so if you need to leave your seats during play to get some grub, you can still see the field.This place is really a baseball lovers dream come true. I don't know how a ballpark could get any better.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,10/4/2011,20,74,3,4,4>Hell's Kitchen is one of my favorite restaurants in Minneapolis. The atmosphere is super relaxing and I don't think I've ever been there when they did not have live music playing. Okay, I was...once. The fish and chips are amazing, pulled pork sandy is yummy, lemon ricotta pancakes are to-die-for and the bison burger isn't too bad either! I think the only thing that I have tried and not enjoyed here is the "Pick Your Poison" Cosmo, it was a little boozy for my taste.The wait staff is very friendly and great at giving recommendations. I love the option of fruit instead of fries with your meal and that you can get half of any one of their salads for just $3.95. Another really cool thing about this restaurant is that they sell the "Damn Good Food" cookbook which actually features recipes for everything on the menu so you can go home and try to master the recipes for yourself. I bought mine last night and can't wait to dig into it! If you are looking for a relaxed atmosphere, live music and great food, I definitely suggest giving Hell's Kitchen a try!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,10/3/2011,33,77,3,5,6>I am surprised that this place has already been reviewed on Yelp more than once. Talk about your greasy hole in the wall! But what a gem.... This place looks pretty sketch from the outside.... kind of like somebody's house got converted into a restaurant. No joke. And this place has a website? I'm in awe. It's pretty much a dive but really comfortable. The food is delicious, but sticks to your sides. Anything on the menu is good. The pasta or the pizza, I usually get one of the pizza boats. One of my friends used to be a regular here and has gotten to know the owners pretty well. It's the kind of place where you can hang out for hours and watch a Lifetime movie on the television in the back. I heard that Jimbo's used to actually be owned by THE Jimbo, who passed away a few years back. This place used to be a truck stop back in the day, with an "adult" video section in the basement. Shocking? I don't think this exists anymore, but this was before Anoka County was completely engulfed into suburbia as a victim of urban sprawl. Jimbo's does delivery for those who live in the area!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,10/2/2011,157,246,3,3,4>This place is amazing.  If you go to the right you're surrounded by little kids mesmorized by neon gummies....walk to the candy bar on the left and it is an assortment of  chocolate delights.  This place is so much fun!  It will bring out your inner kid.  They also have an assortment of candy from overseas plus edible undergarments which are fun for the occasional bachelorette party gift.Candy fun for all ages!  Enjoy, this is a must stop!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/1/2011,147,345,3,5,5>We came to Flame for a Birthday Party. They did such a good job! They balanced a rowdy crew of about two dozen people with grace and a smile. Amazing!The food was pretty darn good. I had the BBQ Cheddar Burger. My Husband had the French Dip. And my mother-in-law had the Honey Cashew Salad - which was the winner for awesome presentation. (Looked like edible art!)Our waitress was amazing - and she even split the checks up - AMAZING! That had to be 10 or 12 checks. Nobody does that - but boy was it appreciated!I loved that they tried to keep the tables around us empty. Both for our sake and the sake of the other diners. Really - a wonderful time and they went way above and beyond for us. Thank you Flame!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,9/30/2011,84,128,4,4,3>I moved in about three blocks from here two weeks ago, and I have shopped here about 6 times. That is how much I love Lake Wine & Spirits.They have an amazing selection of wine, beer, and all sorts of booze. I especially love their 'Create your own six-pack' section' which lets you try beers that you would normally never spring for, which is nice when you want to branch out your tastes.I also pretty much lose my shit over their wine selection.The best, though, is the little cheese shop. It is a little like walking into heaven. Though it is super tiny, they have an huge selection of fancy salts, olive oils, and pasta, as well as artisinal sardines. They also have some really delicious honey from the Savannah Bee Company.  What I love best, though, is that they carry Bentons bacon, which is bar none the best bacon I have ever had. Seriously. Buy the bacon.Buy the bacon, and get some drinks. You won't regret it
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,5/18/2012,70,375,1,4,3>Like a little bistro....So, in hopes of finding some new in the area for lunch, we tried this out on a recent Friday around 11:45.  There were a few people in there, but it wasn't too busy. At first glance it reminds me of the Cheeky Monkey in a way, although the menu is hanging on the wall at a strange angle.  You have to kind of stand in the doorway back a bit in order to see it.  Which isn't a good place when servers are running in and out to the patio.  I don't like the placement of the menu.I decided on a chicken and artichoke panini and my friend selected the tuna melt.  The menu doesn't indicate what kind of sides come with the sandwich, but it is a nice garden salad.  We sat down near the waterfall and waited.Food didn't take too long.  The tuna melt was huge!  She said it was really good.  My sandwich was also pretty good - chicken and mozzarella on a ciabatta with sun dried tomato and artichoke spread.  It was surprised at how quickly the food came considering the sandwich was fulled grilled and nice and crispy.  The side salad was good - spring mix, carrots and cucumbers with a red wine mustard dressing.For just over $9 I thought the sandwich was good and fresh.  Once again, I appreciate a place that has something other than fries or chips with their sandwiches.If you are in the area looking for an alternative to fast and chain like or greasy food, it's a good choice.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,5/17/2012,151,116,2,5,2>If I was able to give out more than 5 stars, it would be reserved for places like the Minneapolis farmers market. I've been meaning to get my butt over for a few weeks now on a Saturday but I didnt get over there until today, but now I'm really regretting not doing it sooner. It was everything I imagined it to be and more. I knew there would be an array of fruits and veggies, plants, and some food booths, but that is just the beginning of this wonderful summer place. There were tons of local cheeses and meats, fresh honey (seriously they had the bees right there in their cute little honeycomb), spices and sauces galore, as well as clothes, jewelry, home furnishings, the list goes on and on. I left with 9 bags of fruits and veggies that coat me only $15! I almost felt like I was stealing that delicious produce. And let me tell you, it is the freshest Nd sweetest fruit I have had in awhile. I also purchased some Chardonnay and roasted Garlic marinade from pasta ore which I can't wait to soak some shrimp in and throw on the grill. I also couldn't help myself and indulged in a breakfast brat from Tollefson Farms which was huge and delicious for $4. Next time (meaning tomorrow) I will be getting a roasted ear of sweet corn because it smelled amazing. The only bad thing I can say about this place is that we live in minnesota and it's only around during the summer!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,5/14/2012,38,64,,5,4>Take me back to Sonora Grill.  Now.  Yes, I may have just stuffed my face with their delicious food, but with food that good I could totally go for round two!I don't know what took me so long, but after reading that the chef at Sonora Grill won best new chef from Heavy Table's Silver Whisk Awards, I hightailed it down there today! The man and I perused their menu, full of interesting flavors and ideas.  We opted for three caramelos each, which are little mini tacos with cheese, hibiscus tea, and a combo of rice and beans.  Here is the list of caramelo deliciousness:1. Chicken verde with pickled red onion, chihuahua cheese, and cilantro2. Pork taco with chihuahua cheese, and some bbq-esque spicy deliciousness (x2)3. Eggplant with caramelized onions, cheese and chimichurri aioli4. Beef tongue with cilantro, caramelized onions, and cheese5. Red tempura shrimp with cilantro aioli and cabbage (this was the only one sans cheese)Holy moly they were all so good! It was so hard to pick a favorite.  I'm definitely glad we each got our own pork taco because there was no way I was going to share that one. The man wolfed down the shrimp taco and proclaimed that his hands down favorite.  The tongue was also amazing, flavorful and tender.  Clearly it had been cooked for a lonnnnnng time. The eggplant caramelo was filled with fried strips of eggplant that were perfectly crispy on the outside and tender and creamy on the inside.  There was no bitterness that you sometimes associate with eggplant that is not prepared properly.  You can't go wrong with whatever caramelo you choose, and it is a great way to try a bunch of different flavors.   Lastly, DO NOT miss the rice and beans.  The beans are a little spicy and exceptionally creamy, with a touch of cheese on top.  The rice is hands down, the best rice I have EVER had.  It's called Peruvian rice and it is cooked with coconut milk. Annnnnd I'm officially hungry for Sonora Grill again after writing this review. Who's coming with me?
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,5/13/2012,159,286,1,1,2>I've been wanting to check this out for a long time and boy I'm kicking myself I didn't go sooner.  This was a great time!  The crowd here was super diverse, lots of families, all age groups, everything!  The black eyes were hilarious!  I have never wanted to pay for a black eye more in my life, ever!  Even my date wanted a black eye, I know if I take my daughter she's going to want one!!!  Live music at halftime and after the derby. I will take my daughter to this in all seriousness. I think its a very good roll model experience for girls and just a good old fashion fun time for everyone. Oh, and they serve beer!Loved it!KT
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,5/12/2012,34,89,5,2,2>We arrived at 11:30 on a Saturday- no spaces left in the parking lot and the waiting area was jam packed. When the hostess said it would 20 minutes for our party of 3- we didn't believe her, but decided to wait it out anyway. Sure enough- we were sat in under 20 minutes.My friend and I immediately ordered a caramel pecan roll to share. We had been salivating over them while waiting for our table. It was just as I imagined it would be--warm, gooey and oh so delicious. Our waitress was fantastic- she was friendly and joked around with us. The coffee at Uptown Diner is really good-a Morning Star organic, fair trade blend. Some of the best coffee I've had in a restaurant- let alone somewhere with "diner" in the name.I had the Farmer's Breakfast- hash browns, onions, eggs and cheese. It had way more hash browns than I was expecting. My friend and I easily could have shared it even if we hadn't already split the pecan roll. It was tasty in that "I'm about to have a heart attack and I don't care" sort of way.  They have some healthier options on the menu incase you do care. My friend asked for a take out box but then changed her mind. She apologized to the waitress for having her bring the box over. Our awesome waitress responded, "I forgive you. And I'm sure all the starving kids in Africa forgive you too."
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,5/11/2012,26,166,8,2,4>I think I'll write this story in an unnecessarily dramatic manner with as many gratuitous synonyms as possible... hey, I get bored and why not?!It was Sunday morning, the 18th day of March. The sun was shining. The wind was racing. And Cullen was ravenous. His stomach churned over itself in anticipation of the meal to come. Being ever so chivalrous Cullen delivered his family to the doorstep of the cafe while he sped around the vicinity, frantically searching for the ever so scarce parking space."I have to beat the church crowd," he muttered to himself.Finally, having found a dazzling space just half of one block from the establishment, Cullen ventured within. He took note of the setting, which was almost European. Having spied his maiden he sat down beside her, exchanged pleasantries with the table, and perused the carte du jour.  His eyes scanned indecisively, ultimately coming to rest on the Swiss cheese omelet boasting scallions and spinach, with the juice of oranges as the beverage. The juice was shamefully distasteful, an ode to memories of mixing tap water with frozen concentrate as a boy. The omelet, conversely, was superlative. The melted Swiss cheese and vegetables danced cohesively inside their egg blanket. And toast courted by homemade jam was delightful. Indubitably delectable!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,5/10/2012,25,59,4,4,5>Oh god. I am currently nursing my hoagie/chocolate malt baby. I might explode and let me tell you, that would not be a pretty sight! Uff da! I've wanted to try Cup and Cone for a while now thanks to Yelp. Today we were both starving and since summer is clenching on by the skin of its grimy teeth we decided some ice cream was in order as well. We showed up around 3 and there were two people in line. Ordered our food. It was made promptly. My ham hoagie tasted fresh and delicious even though it was very simple. Man said the salami sub was good too. Both were very cheap! $3.55 (6 inch hoagie) and $5.55 (12 inch sub). After we scarfed down the subs we went back up and got a shake and a malt. Small is more than enough for one person. We should have shared since neither of us had more than half of our ice cream treats. $2.50 for a small shake/malt that's the size of a Dairy Queen medium. Better, too!Go for the cheap, yummy ice cream. Go for the simple but tasty food.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,5/9/2012,87,302,4,5,5>I often surprise myself with how long I wait to go to certain places close to home... and this is one of them. I've lived two blocks away from here for nearly two years and it was just a couple weeks ago that I finally came in. And in those few weeks, I've been back three times.Solid pizza. Nothing fancy, nothing ground-breaking, but tasty and satisfying. All the usual toppings, nice medium-chewy crust, and tomatoey sauce (go for spicy... it's awesome). The cheese bread is not to be missed, either, and will kickstart your dinner off perfectly. I've not tried the other apps, but from creeping at other diners around me, they smell heavenly. Though I've yet to partake, they have pretty amazing specials from the sound of it, and they also do bingo on Thursday nights for gift cards and that sort of thing. They also have buy one get one half-off on Weds night, and that's also half-price wine night. And Tuesdays have trivia. So really, you're pretty much set here any day of the week. And once it's warmer, they do patio seating outside, and they also have a full bar to get your drink on. This does lead, however, to the one downer, which is that it gets loud, drunky, and rowdy later on in the evening, which can be lame when you're just trying to eat... which is to say, get there early, eat, and then get crunk, I guess.So... not only pizza, but a neighborhood bar hangout. I've been majorly missing out on this stuff, but no more.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,5/8/2012,109,121,12,4,4>Dear Turf Club,I love you.  Here is why:You have welcomed me with open arms.  You have welcomed many of my favorite bands with open arms.  You embrace the dirty hippies.. and you embrace us hard!Dead Man Winter has played here many many times, and I am eternally grateful for this.  Charlie Parr will be playing here every Tuesday in July.. and this makes me so happy, I almost can't contain myself (seriously, I just peed a little because I was thinking about this).I have seen so many amazing shows at your venue.. Bear In Heaven (oh-my-gosh!!!), Mountain Man, Freelance Whales, Erik Koskinen.. and so on.. and so on...What I am saying is this:I freaking love you, Turf Club!!!You supply me with tables and booths-aplenty if I need to sit down, and there is ample standing room - the sound is superb no matter where I find myself in the joint.  The door & bar staff is always friendly to me.. and they have a lot of great brews on tap (local stuff too)...I just really dig you.. the only downfall.. is that you are in St. Paul.  Don't worry Turf Club, it's not you, it's me... I'm a Minneapolis girl.. and I tend to feel a bit uncomfortable crossing that river.. but for you, Turf Club... I will come visit you anytime...Love, your BFF, hether
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,5/7/2012,40,135,,3,3>First of all if you want to meet the nicest bartender in the whole world you must go to Ginger Hop.  She seems to be working nearly every weekend and takes time out to chat with each and every patron.  Beyond that the food is amazing.  The Penang curry is so fabulous I have a hard time not ordering it when I go.  The one thing I do love more than the curry is the Pickle Satay - which is a fancy word for deep fried pickles.  As I pride myself on being a pickle connoisseur, I can say these are among the best.The beer selection and wine selection is great as well.  We recently split a bottle of Cakebread wine for $25...not too shabby!I know I'll be back...sooner rather than later!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,4/21/2014,203,560,,5,6>I'm adding my "me too" review for the MNRG.  We've been attending bouts since 2008.  It's a great family event.  Lots of action on the track.  As a spectator it's easy to figure out the basics of derby, but there's also a lot of strategy and teamwork involved that reward repeat visits and further study.  Ticket prices are reasonable, which allows room to enjoy a Surly tallboy or two.  The skaters are extremely welcoming, particularly to my special needs son (who loves to root for his team "GO BOMBSHELLS").  Roller derby is perhaps the highest, best and only proper use for The Roy.  Highly recommended.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,4/20/2014,63,341,3,7,4>If you have ever traveled to a foreign country where English is not the primary language you may feel intimidated to enter Mercado Central.  Don't be afraid, during the cold Minnesota winters if you can't afford a trip to Mexico Mercado Central will be a good substitute.The people working at the food stands are used to dealing with non-Spanish speakers and most of the menu boards have pictures that allow you to point at what you want.  They also have a basic understanding that if you say chicken you will wind up with pollo, if you say beef you will wind up with beef, see wasn't that easy?Price points are very affordable for the amount of food you get.  And I don't think you can get a much better taco on the streets of Mexico.If language is a really big issue avoid the weekends when the place is bustling and parking is migraine inducing.  Go on a weekday or a holiday when crowds are not as plentiful.The whole building is kind of a maze with LaLoma tamales in the NE corner and the other food stalls in the opposite corner of the building and take advantage of the layout to browse and find some really excellent wares.One of the cooks at Open Arms is Mexican and he told me that LaPerla, the tortilla shop, has the best menudo - the meat is always tender, so I will check that out next time.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,4/19/2014,82,170,,10,7>On a recent trip downtown we choose Marin as our meeting place. Happy hour here was a hit!  Most people might not venture downstairs but to me that's the spot to pick for a casual gathering. Marin calls it their "library". This setting offers all kinds of cozy seating with a full bar. During happy hour (4-6) we enjoyed a variety of their flat breads ($5) with our favorite being the "fig, ham and blue cheese".  We added the grilled romaine and marinated veggie salad which was a perfect compliment. It was a generous and enough portion to share. Sip on a variety of wines by the glass or tap beers ($2 off). I think this could easily turn into a regular stop!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,4/18/2014,38,72,7,15,11>It was snowing heavy outside yesterday, and I trudged through it to grab a plate of food from Akwaaba, a neighborhood West African restaurant tucked in back of a grocery store so narrow and nondescript that one might pass it 100 times and not notice it's a business; it has the look and aura of a place no one is supposed to find. Sometimes the person working the cash register is the waiter is the cook. Very pragmatic, if a bit offputting. Everything about the place declares "don't eat here." And yet, the food has been delicious the four times I've been. I'm obsessed with African Fu Fu, and their spicy okra and spinach stews. The meat is slowcooked, succulent, plentiful. The spices are not overwhelming, though the dishes are a bit saltier than I prefer. This is West African food on a block that features a couple of East African joints, and the cuisine is quite different, so take careful stock of the menu before you order.The dining room has the ambiance of a school detention hall. I strictly order to go. The cashierwaitercook yesterday looked just like the rapper Kurupt, and he had oversized hands that made his spindly body look all the more cartoonish.It struck me on the way home I can't say for sure whether I feel deep empathy, love, disdain, or terror for other people. It was cold, the streets were a mess of filthy snow mush, and urban life seemed as bleak as the sky was overcast. And yet, and yet, and yet: once I got home and unwrapped my meal, that delectable spinach and meat stew and fu fu took the edge off the world. Akwaaba serves food hearty and delicious enough to absorb your focus. In that sense, they're cooking up a special kind of comfort food.Give this place a try at least once.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,4/17/2014,60,355,4,7,5>How have I lived in St. Paul for so many years and never visited this place?!The atmosphere is classy, the food is amazing, and the service is top notch..We had cheese bread for an appetizer and it was the best cheese bread I have ever had.  Most places you get two slices and cold sauce but here, you get ten pieces of ooey, gooey, crisp on the button, soft on the inside bread. I might just order this next time and eat it for my meal!We ordered Chicken Parmesan.. Yep, my dining companion and I both ordered the same thing and it was spicy with the most perfectly balanced red sauce, and covered in cheese.The prices are cheaper than comparable Italian Restaurants and they have daily specials which are crazy reasonable.The portions are huge, enough for two meals or to split. I had more than half of my chicken Parmesan leftover but I left it in my friend's car, so they got to eat it!!!!  I was so upset!I can not wait to go back and try more items and this time, I will not forget my leftovers in anyone's car!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/16/2014,27,61,4,9,4>Visited Coup D'Etat last weekend with my husband and some of our friends and I honestly felt as though I'd walked through a teleportation machine and was at a swanky restaurant in Manhattan. The crowd was painfully hip--did the restaurant hire all these extras to stand around and look glamorous and amazing? Or do these people live in Minnesota? I'm so confused.What I mean by all of this, is that the space is breathtaking. Gorgeous chandeliers, Parisian floors--the place is dripping in class and is beyond sexy. Dark, yet warm. Simple, yet chic. It feels massive and cozy all at once. How is that even physically possible? This is a great spot for a group gathering or a celebration! It feels impressive and special, and the people watching is exceptional.Although we just went for drinks and appetizers, we were all very pleased with our choices. My friends tried tons of the specialty cocktails (we had a special Minnesota giggle over the one called Duck Duck Gray Duck). And I discovered, for the first time in my life, that I like oysters! I never thought I did, but here they are warm and garlicky and not ocean-tasting at all. We ordered five for our group of six people and I ate two. Whoopsies! Our server was knowledgeable and charming and knew the menu backwards and forwards. She was nothing short of delightful and professional.I can't wait to go back and try more dishes beyond the oysters, french fries, brussel sprouts and cheese plate. The chef here here has such a deep respect for food and such a creative flair, that I bet it'll be hard to find a non-delicious item on the menu, albeit impossible.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/15/2014,52,575,,6,4>I came here when it first opened and after normally skipping by to Syrdyks, I stopped in because I was going to an event that required a specific Champagne brand.  To my surprise, they had a great selection of high end wines on sale buy one get one 50% off (so check their website for sales).  Also, a beer tasting.  And, the champagne I was looking for.Shawn's tip:  free parking in the rear for the store, although I'm not clear if they get those spaces all day as there were temporary signs indicating you could park there at the time.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,4/14/2014,186,185,10,10,6>I ate here three straight days.Teque is so amazing. Completely different than anything you'll find in the food desert called Eden Prairie (sounds like heaven but has completely unacceptable food).I had the #2 Chedder and Beef, the #6...something yummy, and the #2 Pollo burrito. ALL were incredible. Seriously. And under $6 for any of those entrees. The best part? Their garlic sauce. Heaven in a container.In addition, Yucca Fries for $1.50. Think Brasa like yucca fries but at 30% the price.In EDEN PRAIRIE. Thank you lord.When did I get so religious?
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/13/2014,91,344,1,6,4>Food is great, drinks are amazing!We came late on a friday after the rush and had some ceviche, guac, empanadas, coconut rice with squash, and a few other things.  Everything was fantastic, we tried a couple of the drinks - and those were all quite outstanding!I need to come back and come very hungry as I want to eat everything!  They have braised kale - which looked amazing but we were too full to try anything else.The space is also pretty nice, open - they do communal type seating here - which if you hate people - then probably not your cup of tea, but kinda fun to dine with strangers - and you can engage them or just hang out with your crew if you want.  Always depends on who you get!We had great service, and I'm sure any issues those below had will be worked out in time - supposed to wait a month or two to review (if you are a professional) so that the place can work out it's kinks.I'll be back for sure, I'm salivating already!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/12/2014,33,114,2,8,6>Sun Street has earned all 5 stars, time and time again I return here. Friday mornings before work are my ritual -  if you enjoy savory breakfast pastries like me, the bacon-scallion-cheddar biscuit, the ham swisscuit, or the sweet-potato chevre bundle are all must-tries. I'm not sure I can even say which one is my favorite, as they are all equally satisfying and delicious. The coffee is thick, roasty and flavorful - but it's Dogwood, so that goes without saying. I've tried the Downtowner, a delicious sourdough cinnamon roll and the Raspberry cream scone is heavenly. The dough is thick and rich in both - there must be a lot of butter in there!When you walk in, sometimes the line is long, you order at the counter and find a table. The line can be a bit slow, but be patient, worth it. You'll see bakers rolling fresh dough in the open kitchen, making pastries, and pulling fresh pans out of the oven - the smells are heavenly. You can buy fresh loaves of breads at the counter, all displayed in baskets behind the counter. I've never eaten here for lunch, but the biscuits and gravy are a must for breakfast. The flapjacks are also delicious and I'd recommend trying them as well. There are a few beer taps, bottles and wine as well. As a side-note, if you do have a hearty breakfast appetite, some of the dishes may not fill you up 100%. Other honorable mentions: the wall-painting/mural looks like little cartoon mushrooms, it is unique and whimsical. The tile-work on the wall is equally impressive. Monday night is pizza and wine night! Otherwise they've stopped serving dinners and HHs. They are located at the Kingfield Farmer's Market on Sundays in the summer/fall.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/20/2013,354,223,9,10,9>Don't go here...because I still want a seat.A trip to HUGE is cheaper than the movies, and you reap ALL the benefits of live entertainment:  spontaneity, audience participation and the occasional dropping of expletives. Did I also mention that they sell a lot of really good beer? They do. Next time you're feeling down or bored with your date night dinner and movie, head to HUGE...but save me a seat, dammit!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/19/2013,45,51,3,3,3>Black Sheep Coal Fired Pizza is a standard-staple pizza craft-house, with great beer and a very beautiful setting.  This little treat is setup with a sweet location, and pizza artists who deliver on quality and service!   The staff was great, friendly and helpful.  The location is fantastic, The North Loop area, just beyond the heart of downtown, within viewing distance of Target Field, brings me to the realization that I will be spending (hopefully) much of my summer season on patios in this part of town.We locked up our bikes and walked down into the sub-level restaurant to be seated.  We requested outside seating, so we had to sit by the bar and wait, as the weather was perfect and there were no open tables on the street-level patio.  Our host assisted us to beers and menus while we waited for seating to open up.  The servers were convivial and insightful.  The moment an outside spot opened up we were taken into the warm night air. Black Sheep has a nice beer selection, which consisted of decent locals drafts, and employees with positive attitudes.  We had the #5 Pizza (Fennel Sausage, Hot Salami, Onion & Cracked Green Olives  $11.75 | $21.50) and a Chop Salad, both items were delightful.  The pizza was very tasty; with crust and sauce superbly constructed; the crust was crisp, yet had a great dough quality, the sauce was well done, not too spicy or sweet, however memorable.  I have a feeling Black Sheep will be a simple, yet satisfying summer hotspot.  A place to bike to and experience a casual pizza date without traveling too far off the beaten path of downtown Minneapolis.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/18/2013,534,142,5,10,7>Open mic night on Mondays is such a cool concept for a comedy club. And it is a free 2 hour show every Monday night starting at 7:30. There is plenty of street parking near the club but there is also a paid lot across the street ($5 all night after 6PM). Acme also has a restaurant/bar inside the same building. The menu has Italian and traditional American food. The auditorium has about 60-70 seats and smartly designed tables for every few seats. Drinks can be ordered from within the seating area before and during the show.  Carafe drinks are priced well and the bar has many options for their patrons. The comedians have to register at 6PM on an open mic night. Each gets a few minutes time on the stage to tickle your funny bone. Out of the 30+ comedians on stage the night I was there with my friends, I would say 25 of them had really good material. It is a very hard job to make some random strangers laugh within a few minutes. Even some of the biggest comedians in stand up comedy's history had to struggle to find the right balance and jokes that could appeal to the masses. I thoroughly enjoyed my free night out at a comedy club with some really good laughs. I would go back every Monday night, if I could.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/17/2013,93,230,16,11,13>I feel like I need to preface this by saying that I don't do lakes. That may sound really pretentious/crazy/bourgie/bitchy/whatever, but it's a fact.  I have an irrational fear of fish, so the thought of swimming in murky, seaweed-y water where fish (and minnows! ACK!) can touch my body sounds absolutely awful.However, growing up in Minneapolis, Lake Harriet will always hold a veryveryveryvery prized place in my heart.  My favorite part about this lake is all of the just down-right weird shit that is associated with it in my mind.  * The Gnome House!!!  If I ever have children, I will take them to see this infamous  tree so they can leave notes for the gnome just like I did when I was younger.  The gnome, Mr. Little Guy, would read what was left for him and respond back, signing every letter with "I believe in you."  The seriously sappy side of me thinks that this is the greatest thing ever.  The cynical side has me thinking, "I couldn't even make this  shit up if I tried."* The trolley car - My grandparents always told me about taking the streetcar when they were younger and it always seemed so olden-timey and old fashioned.  Probably because it is.  You can experience yourself a little bit of history by taking the trolley from Lake Harriet to Lake Calhoun and back.  Pro tip:  impress your date by taking them here in the summer.* When I was in high school, they announced that a huge gigantic fish was found on the shores of Lake Harriet.  In looking that up now, I learned that it was actually 105 pounds of pure terror-inducing sturgeon.  ONE HUNDRED AND FIVE POUNDS.  That is just...wrong.  Oh, and sturgeon aren't even supposed to be in Lake Harriet.  W T F?!  Oh, AND it was 6' long.  No no no... I'm shivering in horror.* So if that wasn't bad enough, there also was a dinosaur found in the lake!  But it was a sculpture, so it's all good.  The dinosaur, called Minne (cute!), was inspired by the Loch Ness monster.  The first time I saw it, it creeped me out and I wished they would have made it purple or something...Still though, I love this lake.  I will never step foot (or even dip my toes) in the water, but it's my absolute favorite.  From all the miles I've logged from riding my bike around the lake as a kid, to kissing boys while listening to B.I.G. driving around in high school, to watching a performance as an adult in the bandshell, Lake Harriet is a very special place to me.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/16/2013,41,190,2,2,2>Food truckin' was one of the first things I wanted to cross off my summer bucket list. What better way to spend the lunch hour during the week than eating outside and watching the hustle and bustle of the downtown employees on their lunch break.The options for food in downtown Minneapolis seems endless. I knew I wanted food truck grub by my mind wasn't set on which one. World Street Kitchen was the first one I saw, and I didn't look any further. I'm glad I didn't. I went with the chicken rice bowl (I forgot what it was called). But the combination of rice, chicken, spices, cilantro, egg, and some sauce was perfect. I laughed at my friends who went with other options...not only because mine was better but because mine was easy to eat without a table (while there's we're leaking all over the place).The World Street Kitchen truck runs like a well oiled machine. I did have to wait a few minutes but thats to be expected with such a long line and such freshness.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/15/2013,177,100,3,4,5>OMGGGGG, MULTIPLE FLAVORS OF POPPING BOBA!!!!Hahaha. Okay, now that I've gotten that out of the way..... This place is very reminiscent of self-serving Yogurtland, which is my favorite fro-yo place, so I was very excited to find this while wandering around during Grand Old Day.The toppings are fresh. There are lots of different flavors, and even sorbet (non-dairy) options! And did I mention the multiple flavors of popping boba? Haha. Happy. If you like Yogurtland, you'll like this place.Oh, one thing-- the cups only come in LARGE or XTRA LARGE so I have a tendency to over fill my cup because it just looks so sad and empty if I don't fill it up! Tricky, tricky... or maybe I just lack self-control. :( Haha.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,9/14/2013,949,964,4,9,9>Do Yelpers all end up on the same cycle, or what. On a talk thread someone's craving Cajun, then I'm craving Cajun. That's how I found out about this place. From my house I prefer to go down straight Lexington. Once you hit 96, you keep going, but that's when things start getting strange. An eerie atmosphere takes over, and you drive around the bend, then you come to a crossroads at a stop sign. You'll swear that's where Robert Johnson made his pact with the devil. A perfect place for a Cajun eatery in that little strip mall at the other end of the gas station.Walk in and pick your drink. I love that they have RC. Then step up and order an entree and split another.  I like a choice of sizes. I got the sauce Piquant and gumbo. We came back Friday for the shrimp creole, they had Cajun spaghetti that day too. My absolute favorite was the gumbo. Also a sample of chicken entouffee was also great.  Don't forget the corn muffin or hush puppies. All of these were perfect for this weather. They do a large take out business, also.You don't pay right away, good thing. You have a birds eye view of the retail section. You'll be lured by the unusual chips, and I was never so excited by packaged meals. I picked up cajun fish fry, and I don't even fry fish. Dirty rice, add hamburger, that's already in my fridge. Hot sauces and spices up the ying. They have a big box of beignet mix on display. I think I'll leave the beignet making to them. They do it every Saturday, along with sweet potato pancakes and andouille sausage.The service is like family. Peggy and I were even exchanging recipes. The owner Claudia, who could pass for an Italian from NY or NJ, has her best friend hang out. I ended up sitting and chatting with them, finding out all kinds of great things going on here. On Friday everyone's anxiously awaiting the singer, Mary Cutrufello, and it was worth staying later for a few songs. You get local talent every Friday from 7-9. Second Sat. of the month is Cajun music. So definitely come for breakfast on that day. It's a very community oriented place, and it's a nice drive that I look forward to often.,
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/13/2013,22,172,3,10,2>One of the only reasons I ever go to Saint Paul, is for Hmongtown Marketplace(formerly known as International Marketplace). The bus ride is an hour and 30 minutes from North Minneapolis -and I can endure the dull duration of the bus ride only because of the reward of getting to hang out in Hmongtown Marketplace.Hmongtown Marketplace on Como Avenue(HM) versus Hmong Village on Johnson Street(HV) -HM -has more vendors selling Hmong traditional clothesHM -has more vendors selling traditional fabrics and accessoriesHM -has more vendors selling Hmong medicineHM -has more vendors selling Hmong videosHM -diveyI would definitely go to Hmongtown over Hmong Village in order to buy Hmong clothes. You won't have much luck at Hmong Village if you're looking for Hmong clothes or fabrics. If you like to sew and want to try sewing with Hmong fabrics, Hmongtown is the place to find colorful and sparkly Hmong fabrics. I've found deals for $5-$7 dollars a yard! Woot!Hmongtown has an East Building and a West Building -so make sure to check out both buildings. I've only ever eaten at the West Building, there is also a small food court in the East Building. The delis at the West Building are the following:Newave PlaceChai's CookingMr. Papaya KitchenCoco's Island5 Star DeliBT RestaurantNyob Zoo KitchenI've only eaten at three of the above delis.Nyob Zoo Kitchen -The ladies there make just the right kind of curry noodles. If you're not a curry noodle connoisseur, you might not notice the difference between Hmong curry noodles, versus Cambodian or Thai curry noodles.  Cambodian curry noodles tend to be on the sweeter and more coconutty side whereas Thai curry noodles tend to be on the spicy and more sour side. Although I enjoy Cambodian and Thai curry noodles, Hmong curry noodles are hands down the best.  It has a good balance of just enough sweetness and just enough spiciness. NyoobZoo Kitchen does not make good papaya salad unfortunately. The eggrolls they sell are also really generic and not at all good examples of authentic hmong eggrolls. I might as well make my own at home if I want authentic ones.5 Star Deli -I tried the papaya salad here -which was okay. Not the best I ever had. The papaya shreds itself didn't taste very fresh, and was shredded a bit more thickly than I'd prefer. The eggrolls were large, but generic, filled with cabbage instead of the REAL hmong stuff. I hate non-Hmong eggrolls. Sorry non-Hmong people, I don't think you'll ever get to eat REAL Hmong eggrolls unless you're invited to a Hmong party. I'm sure the reason they don't sell real Hmong eggrolls at these fast food delis is because they take a LOT of energy to make. Usually entire Hmong families gather to make Hmong eggrolls because it's so time and energy consuming! lol.Coco's Island - I only tried the Nava here. I guess Nava is known as bubble tea in English. But this bubble tea is not like the Chinese/Vietnamese bubble tea -which is mostly liquid smoothie with those huge boba balls. The Hmong style bubble tea is not smoothie liquid, but more sugary water and has a colorful variety of tiny frog egg boba, or strips. Coco's Nava was pretty good, needed more ice though!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/12/2013,40,94,9,7,8>Cheeky Monkey: A Love StoryThank you, thank you for your thoughtfully crafted, perfect sized sandwiches made of the freshest quality ingredients that I can actually afford. I even walk out not feeling bad about myself for spending too much or eating too many carbs. Your salads are equally to die for.. Actually more so... because they are always tossed together with a mix of harmonious greens, nuts, dressings and proteins.That mayo less coleslaw? I dream about it.It's so great that you also have burgers and entrees for people who aren't watching their girlish figures and are up to spending more cash. Fun for everyone!Oh and I love/hate when you have your incredibly large rice crispie bars sitting on top of your dessert case.I try not to think about visiting you most every weekend and girls' night out, but your food, service and atmosphere makes it hard not to.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/11/2013,62,122,3,4,3>Nice Chinese bakery in Minneapolis! I've only been to Chinese bakeries in Chinatown in Chicago, Oakland, and San Francisco so this was a nice treat to have a little closer to home. It's relatively close to the U of M campus and the buns are generally pretty filling. One stark difference I observed between these buns and from Chicago's buns, is that they are considerably more expensive and not as abundant in supply. However, some of the buns are a little bigger (e.g BBQ pork) The BBQ Pork bun here is pretty good and juicy. I tried the egg tarts here and they are delicious. I like how they don't have too much pie crust around the edges because I i like getting straight to the egg filling. My siblings also like the coconut custard bun and the BBQ Pastry Puff. It's also a nice service that the employee can heat up your buns on the spot rather then having it lukewarm at some other Chinese bakeries. This place also has a nearby ATM which is more convenient then having to get lost walking blocks for one.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,10/4/2010,1,60,7,3,3>I've tried sushi at a number of the local joints, 8 if both Fuji's count.  I don't know where that puts me on the Sushi Snob Scale:1 - Buys their sushi at the gas station.5 - Knows that "sushi" doesn't mean "raw fish"10 - Only eats Uni from sea urchins hand caught by Masaharu Morimoto during a full moon.I'll go with about a 7 - doesn't mix wasabi into soy.Anyways, I always try to sit at the sushi bar now.  I've sat there several times in a row, and tonight was greeted with, "Hello Austin".  I guess I'm a regular now.  I've also been ordering almost exclusively off the Specials Menu lately.  Buri (larger, fattier hamachi) has become a favorite, and I've never seen it anywhere else.  Tonight I had an Aged Blue Fin Tuna.  Spectacular.  You can really taste the unsustainability.  The special rolls, although usually $20, are much bigger than normal rolls, with added ingredients and just packed with flavor.  I've had the Super Spider-Man, which has crab and lobster, and tonight had the Super Winter, which had 4 kinds of fish if I remember correctly.  The sushi chefs are always willing to answer questions and give a little background.  They also have a bit of showoff in them, so try turning your choices over to them sometime.  As with any reputable sushi establishment, they'll give you the best of what they have on hand.  I've yet to order Omakase from them, but their advice is always spot on.I think this is as good as local, land locked sushi can get.  I'm saving 5 stars for if I ever make it to Japan, or at least San Francisco, but Fuji-Ya is my overall local favorite.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,10/3/2010,47,61,5,4,6>I am not the type of person to say "oooh, I really want a lemon bar!"  No.  I am more likely to say "oooh, I want oodles of chocolate brownies swimming in a pool of chocolate mouse."   A Baker's wife has changed that for me, forever.  I now *crave* their lemon bars.  They are delicious and perfect.  So damn sweet and sugary, that they carmelize on the edges.  The best part?  They are the size of your head and cost only $1.29 (I think).That's not to say I don't enjoy their chocolate based treats- I do!  They have a french silk pie that is to die for.  And brownies to die for.  Oh, and croissants (Chocolate and other) to die for.  Did I mention all of these are cheap-ass too?  They are!Aside from the treats that will send me into a endocrinologic shock, they have delicious breads.  But, I certainly don't go there for the bread.  Did I mention their lemon bars?A Baker's Wife is one of the best bakeries in the T.C.  If you taste-test treat-for-treat with other places, you may find some treats you like better at another bake shop.  But I can guarantee that bake shop charges at least twice as much as A Baker's Wife for the same things.My one complaint about this bakery: they put powdered sugar on EVERYTHING.  I can never pick a treat up and have a glutton-fest in the car  because I will get powdered sugar all over me.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,10/2/2010,41,111,7,11,5>I've never seen anyone walk out the door without a to-go box, and the place is full of Jews-- we take this eating thing seriously.  If you plan on heading delii-ward, clear at least two hours out of your schedule, just because it takes that long to chew all the consumables they'll plunk down in front of your face.Reasons to love Mort's include the Yiddish sprinkled all over the menu, the home-made chips, and the fact that at least one third of the diners at any given moment know my grandma.  Oh, and the giant refrigerator case full of prehistoric sized desserts at the front.  That's where you'll find me, glassy eyed, drooling, and reciting over and over again, "Hear O Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord is Mort."
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,10/1/2010,441,746,6,12,9>Very glad that we were able to stop in our our mini staycation.We ordered one of everything on the menu (which is great to say to the owner: I'll take one of everything) but remember that the menu is quite small.Mike ordered the last russian burger, so when I ordered she said they would make more and bring it up to us, which she did.We didn't eat because we were too full from the borcht, potato salad, and two orders of dumplings (plus some nice warm black tea w/honey) but we at it the next day. It is wicked good. It is really a bun stuffed with ground beef and onions and rice. Very warming and filling.  You can order them in a frozen 6 pack, which we should have done.Way better than Moscow on the Hill, whose "burger" seems to be made of white bread, and sticks to your teeth.If Moscow were smart, they would cut the kitchen and let the Tea House make their food. I would be in every damn week then.As it is, I am not sure when we will be back cuz of the hours, which makes me cry a little bit inside. Almost like somebody kicked my dog. I don't have a dog, but you know what I mean.Oh. The russian tea cakes go great with the previously mentioned tea.Sit by the fireplace on a cold day.My only complaints are the hours and the styrofoam dishes and plastic spoons. Otherwise five stars.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,9/30/2010,29,417,5,8,7>Was very happy to see the old Twig's store quickly turned around into a much needed local Aveda salon in the 'hood! Scheduled a lip/brow wax for this afternoon. It's what you'd expect from an Aveda salon...hip looking stylists. good music, calming atmosphere. The space is really well used...very open, with the big leather chairs that Monica L. mentions. They also have huge paintings from a local artist on the walls, so there was some interesting artwork to look at while I waited. Even though I'm not a huge fan of the Aveda tea, appreciated that on such a cold, rainy day. No one really enjoys a wax (do they?), but Carina did a great job and me being a first time client, I appreciated that she really took the time to understand what I wanted. I was very comfortable in a leather recliner with a footrest. They discount multiple waxes $5, and that wasn't reflected on the initial total. The stylist who handled my bill was very nice when I reminded her, and promptly adjusted the bill. Oh, and there's a little dog bowl and treat container they keep outside when it's not pouring rain, which is a nice touch for this dog-lover.Welcome to the neighborhood, Rue 48!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,9/29/2010,38,55,9,9,10>This is the 29th review for the Highland Grill (written on the 29th--My Birthday!).  I'm not sure if more reviews are necessary, but I adore it so much, and just had a fab birthday brunch, and heck, I feel like it and am told I am Princess For The Day.My huevos rancheros were hands-down the best I've ever had.  Spicy hash browns on the bottom, then these incredibly flakey puffy corn triangles topped with scrambled eggs with corn, peppers, onion, mushrooms, a light veggie chili, cheddar, and lime sour cream.  It sounds messier and gloopier than it is.  It's really a lovely treat to eat, and perfectly seasoned.  I asked how the heck those corn triangles are made.  Turns out, they're just corn tortillas cut, seasoned, and lightly fried.  Holy cats, but these were flakey!Husband's Farmers Breakfast didn't quite deliver like the Huevos, but was fresh and well-presented. His scrambled eggs with grilled onions were mounded up and topped with hash browns and mild cheddar so they looked like a giant haystack with toast on the side.  It did suffer from a tad of blandness, though, but was saved by borrowing from my seasoned hash browns and veggies.Now, in the name of science, and birthdays everywhere, we felt it necessary to try out the Ciabatta French Toast (you're welcome).  This was dreamy. Five (I think--I may have hallucinated a bit) slices of golden porous ciabatta that have soaked up thick, liquid sunshine are served with whipped butter & syrup.  My only argument with these is just a tad too much nutmeg, but that's like complaining that the champagne is flat and you're almost out of caviar.  Not gonna fly.Staff here is *always* incredibly adept and friendly.  We were close to hugging today's waitress goodbye--it's almost that kind of a neighborhood joint.  I can't agree with those who say this is a dinery dive, though, as I'm right now sniffing my sweater and hair and there is absolutely no aromatic evidence of this wonderful Highland Grill--just the memories in my head, and the satisfaction in my tummy.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,9/28/2010,65,311,2,11,4>Great remodel of the former LePeep/Hell's Kitchen Space (although I miss the fireplace).  Sat at the bar with a buddy and enjoyed Chang and Summit Horizon Red for our refreshments before we dove into the tapas offerings.There is a certain order to eating the food (according to our server) and we followed her advice, until we didn't.  Once the food arrived, we said screw it and dove in.The Roasted "Pork Candy" was off the hook...so good, unique but familiar.  An absolute must try.The Pancit Bihon was good, similar to Pad Thai, but forgettable.The Steamed Edamame was very good and fun to eat.  Not sure what it was coated with, but delicious.The Green Curry Potato Croquettes by itself was okay but turned into something more flavorful when dunked in the coconut dipping sauce.We closed things with the Steam Bun French toast which was similar to a creme brulee.Great artwork (look for the various cock fighting pieces) and a cool chef's table in back that is like a bar where you can sit eat/drink and watch them prepare the food.Happy Hour is 4-6.  We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  My only wish is they would expand their draft beer offerings and keep it local (like Ngon has done).
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,9/27/2010,96,183,4,8,5>I went to Solera last summer for several different occasions. The most memorable time was when I went for a friend's birthday and we had the tasting menu. Let me say it is a must! The tastiest tapas I have ever eaten, and it truly is an experience. Each item is prepared so well and you notice how much detail is put into it. I loved how they did their seafood tapas the most. My table's waiter kept them coming in timely fashion and made sure we had everything we needed. It's pricey but worth it if you're looking for some amazing tapas.For a less expensive time, I would suggesting getting just a few tapas and enjoying them during one of Solera's movies in the rooftop. Wonderful downtown atmosphere with a more relaxed feel.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,9/26/2010,31,178,6,6,5>Kayaking review - this was the maiden voyage of my new kayak and immediately I wanted to try out this lake.  There are two entry spots, but one seems to be geared more towards the residents that keep their boats there, as parking for that spot (west side of lake) is not conductive to hauling a kayak. Where as the entry near the dog park is close, you will be hauling up/down the hill. After a good lake workout it is a bit trying.the views are great, the water has quite a bit of weeds and the animals are definitely use to people. I have a beaver/otter try to dump me out of my kayak - I would like to think it was on accident and that he wasn't gunning for me.Lots of areas to explore and great links to the other lakes. I went into each link, but did not go to the other lakes, saving that for another adventure.Why not 5 stars? I was petrified to fall in, have you read the reviews about the huge monster fish living in there??
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,9/25/2010,169,466,,5,3>Here's my full dinner review.  First, a question.  Ever have that feeling that you really want to LOVE a place?  Well it was easy for me to feel that way about Luci.  A very unassuming exterior.  Inside you'll find a simple decor that includes white table cloths and an ambiance makes you feel you're the special guest at someone's family dinner.  Service was personable, friendly and perfectly attentive.  I really felt like these folks cared that I completely enjoyed my meal.  And that we did!   My intent was to come back especially to try the  four course Taster Menu and it exceeded my expectations.  The dishes were thoughtful combinations of simple ingredients, in smaller portions.  In my opinion, the size all restaurants should serve.  Citrus Olive Crostini-YUM!  Corn Chowder with a kick of habanero pepper, they were 2 for 2!   Our penne pasta dish had a lovely fresh tomato flavor.  The salmon was spot on.  Desserts aren't included with this special, so we added the Passionfruit Cheesecake.  A wonderfully bright and slightly twangy fruit that flavored a creamy white chocolate base.  And can't close without saying that the bread pudding was also very satisfying in that "comfort food" kind of way.  I liked that this place is small enough that on the way out we could express to the chef's the super job they'd done to make the evening a very enjoyable foodie experience.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,11/24/2011,87,302,9,10,4>Yarussos is one of those places that I would never have known about if it weren't for Beard, whose family knew the owners here a million years ago when Beard's fam owned a restaurant in Swede Hollow back in the day. They've managed to maintain a very cozy and old-time feeling to this place, and although I never went to their old building, I can imagine this one isn't far off on the homey, Italian side.Its dining area is cozy with roomy booths and plenty of family-style big tables. There's also a bar for tucking into a dago with a beer, and it would be perfect for a solo luncher. The decor is pretty historical, which I kind of liked, as Beard's last name is printed on the wallpaper. Kinda cool, as I am a local history geek.The food was exactly what you would want from Italian-American cuisine. Italian bread is liberally given, with some coming straight to the table right away, and a basketful not too far behind. We got some garlic cheese toast to start and it was something of a revelation. They use actual crushed garlic, for one, and they don't skimp on the cheese. I daresay they lard on the cheese, which always gets my seal of approval. And that's not all- they bring out hot marinara sauce with the cheese toast. Which should be automatic, yes, but many places have cold sauce (ick) or none at all. And were those cloves and a splash of nutmeg in the sauce? It was a refreshingly different sauce, eschewing the typical basil or, heaven forbid, oregano bases. I ordered cheese ravioli, regular size, and Beard got manicotti. I'd hate to see the large ravioli... there was enough for two modest meals on my plate (which is not to say I didn't eat it all... I did. And I am not ashamed. It was damn good.) I also broke my no-possible-beef-unless-I-must rule, as I'm pretty sure the meatball that comes with the ravioli (and indeed, pretty much everything) is a combo of beef and pork. But I gobbled it down like a fatty carnivore. And don't even get me started on the manicotti. You know in Grumpy Old Men, when Burgess Meredith is trying to romance the Italian lady, and he says he's going to give her his man-sized manicotti? These put probably even Burgess Meredith to shame. And if a man-sized manicotti is as big as these were, I'll take it. And you get three with an order (minds can run wild here...)The food was superb. Was it fancy? No. Was it trying to serve up some gourmet, foodie-friendly extravagance? No. But was it satisfying, echoing the homemade, the unpretentious, and the ultimately delicious? Heck yes.I will definitely go back, as something in me just gravitates toward the rather overlooked, poor Italian people cuisine. My only caveat is that it's really not a vegan/vegetarian friendly menu, but the staff is very kind, so I would think they'd be willing to accommodate if you'd speak up about it. Bread is copious. Sinatra plays. Garlic chz toast. Ravs with balls. Manicotti-man sized.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,11/23/2011,148,171,3,4,4>I've collected vinyl since a very young age, and have alway's loved this store. Before the internet places like this were not only where to buy records, they were also where to find information. Didn't know who sang a certain song? All you had to do was sing a little of it for Hymie and he'd tell you who it was. He was such a cool guy, really knew his stuff, I learned alot about music in talking with him. Sadly Hymie died about 10 years ago, but thankfully the shop's still there, although it is now in a different location. Even if you're not crazy about listening to music on vinyl, you gotta love the old album covers, truly works of art. You can buy frames for album covers at many art stores, even Target, they look great hanging up, especially on a rec room wall. If all you wan't is a cover then you can browse records that are scratched a bit and are dirt cheap. The prices here aren't that bad on really good shape ones either, and LPs cost alot of money to ship if ordered online. It is so much fun browsing the bins in this store, and music nostalgia is everywhere.The've even got some antique record shop furnishings with label names like Columbia, RCA, and Mercury. I wish they sold that stuff here too, never seen anything like it anywhere else.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,11/22/2011,16,77,3,3,6>This place is great.  I almost don't want to write about it because then it won't be just MY little cheapo greasy spoon cutie pie spot.The breakfast sandwich?  Three dollars and twenty five cents.  Yes, I am writing this in 2011.  UNREAL.I stopped into this place right after signing a lease in the area.  Actually, that's a lie.  First I headed over to Moose and Sadie's.  Cute spot, but I wasn't looking for hip coffeestuffs.  I was looking for cheapo eggy french toast with a little character.  Let's just say: if I regularly made decisions this good I might own half of Apple right now.     I should disclaim, however.  I wasn't prepared for how teeny tiny this place is.  It looks small from the outside - but just so you know, IT'S EVEN SMALLER.  Also, if you're eating here, you're eating at a counter.  No bigs, just don't think you're going to show up with 8 of your closest friends and sit at a corner booth.  No such thing.    I had the denver omelette and a hypnotic half hour of watching the cook make everything short order.  It was like a car accident, except that it was fun and delicious.  First greasy spoon experience in NE?  Nord-tastic!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/21/2011,102,126,3,5,4>I hadn't been to the previous location, but my first two visits to the new digs did not disappoint.  That being said, anything on St. Anthony Main gets at least one free star in my book.  Cobblestone streets, the city sky line, the river *swoon.  Even my $40 parking ticket can't shake my love for this hood.  On to the food - they don't advertise it once you get there, but ask about the cheap date night deal.....for $28 you'll be treated to 2 BOTTOMLESS glasses of house red or white and 2 pizzas or salads (or 1 of each).  The goat cheese salad is to DIE for and the fig/blue cheese pizza isn't too shabby either.  Enjoy, I did!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,11/20/2011,151,116,4,8,3>I have been oh so patiently awaiting the opening of The Lowry for quite some time now.  Mainly because it is literally a 20 second walk from my house and since I have a gift of foreseeing the future, I see myself spending a LOT of time there in the winter since we live in the land of the Snowmagedon.  So me and the 3 roomies finally moseyed on over this week for dinner.  Let me tell you, its a cute place.  It feels trendy but also welcoming and somewhere I could spend a lot of time.  We waited for maybe ten minutes for a table which I was actually happy about because I want them to do well (which it seemed on a Wednesday that they were already).  The food was awesome.  Really great.  We split the Rockafeller Oysters which were scrumptious and gone in literally 2 minutes max.  Two roomies got some of the mixed drinks which were also tasty.  After much deliberation I chose the Steak Salad which was phenomenal.  I wanted to stop eating halfway through (it was HUGE) but literally couldn't stop myself. Hello cornbread, you are delicious.  The one downside: our server Christopher.  I seriously would ask for a different server if I ended up in his section again.  He was drunk. I am not kidding you.  He also TOLD us that he had a "couple beers" before his shift.  WTF.  He forgot stuff, slurred his speech, and had we not been laughing at his awkward words and moments I would have been pretty angry that he was my server.  Lowry, you're awesome, but hire some decent servers please.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,11/19/2011,169,466,,3,3>Wow....I hadn't tried their original Maple Grove location, boy was I missing out. I have to say I'm VERY happy they opened a location that's on my side of town!  The place was packed, the staff was hopping to serve every salivating customer as quickly as they could.  I'd cast my vote for best baguette and while you're at it, best eclair too!  You'll win no matter which tart you choose, so make the trek to White Bear Lake where carb heaven awaits you. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,11/18/2011,84,289,3,2,6>Finally dragged myself over to St. Paul, and found for myself what everyone else already knew: this is THE place for Twin Cities bbq.I had the beef ribs. Perfect coloring, little resistance on the outside and pure, tender bliss on the inside. But damn they're hard to eat. I miss the simple bone structure of pork ribs; they cut these things different and it leaves all these tantalizing crevices where you are sure some deliciousness is getting away scott free.I'll probably go pork ribs next time.The sauce didn't add anything (IMHO), and the collard greens were bland (c'mon guys, I'm not native Minnesotan, drop some hot sauce on that). But hey, that's nitpicking. I'll be back.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/17/2011,41,95,3,3,7>The concept for this place is fantastic: "If I were an alcoholic gnome, what would I want in a restaurant?" 1) LOTS of alcoholic drinks with all sorts of crazy names. Almost makes me wish I liked alcohol. 2) Gnome-like food of the sort you might find in an upscale forest inn, like duck burgers, wild mushroom pizza, and artisan cheeses. Because I wasn't too hungry I opted for the wild mushroom pizza which was incredibly fantastic with it's hint of truffle oil, well-diced artichokes without the tough leaves that seem to be left on by most restaurants. I was awfully tempted by the grilled Veggie Juicy Lucy, too, and will have to head back for that. 1 star off, I don't know why. The outdoor chairs were uncomfortable (too deep to lean against the back, and awkward to sit otherwise - I saw lots of other slouchers). Maybe if the outdoor fireplace had been on it would've been a 5. Maybe I'm just getting cynical.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,11/16/2011,55,358,6,7,6>I'm stoked to have another place to go on 13th, so much so that I used an adjective which I can't remember the last time I said or typed it out. This review is on the coffee shop aspect and it delivers on coffee (had the cold press since it was such a nice, warm day), goodies ( moist bran apple muffin and  big coconut macaroons dipped in chocolate), and ambiance, which strikes a nice balance between restaurant and coffeeshop, so it fits the definition of what a café should be.  The bar area facing the window looking outside and another bench inside caters to those looking for somewhere to plug in their laptops and I like that they have "The Idiot's Guide to Philosophy" among the books in the bookshelf there which should ensure that overheard conversations are peppered with Heidegger and Rousseau references. Currently, they're open til 9PM Mon-Fri and 6PM on Sundays and serve baguette sandwiches, salads, crostinis with everything around the $5-$8 range. The wine bit will be coming in December from what I was told and will be a similar license like their neighbor The Anchor where you'll have to purchase a food item in order to consume alcohol.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/15/2011,41,111,2,3,8>Thirty dollars apiece was a paltry sum for the gentleman caller and me to shell out for the best meal of our young lives.  Ten courses.  Three hours.  Still not enough adjectives.  It's mildly embarrassing that the lasting impressions of our evening at Travail weren't of the people we saw, nor the birthday we celebrated, nor the shuffleboard we played in the rear, but of the culinary fireworks exploding in the pleasure regions of our brains over and over and over.  I literally wrote home about it.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,12/12/2012,58,115,5,3,2>Consuming a maple glazed donut topped with bacon and accompanied with Dogwood coffee is a good start to any day. This place is a stone's throw from our domicile, thus my sneakers have stepped over their threshold a few times. Some might say a few times too many from the look of my belly. :( Customer service is always top notch.  Coffee is delicious and not chock full of added sugar like Starbuck's. The donuts are always fresh. Go early, because the bacon maple glazed donuts go fast.Don't forget to bring a few extra doses of insulin. Sugar rush!!!BTW: This place is sandwiched between a Seattle Sutton (a weight loss/healthy eating organization)  and a fitness center. It actually shares an entrance with Seattle Sutton. Yikes!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,12/11/2012,186,185,3,8,3>Smitten Kitten. This shop has done an incredible job taking a taboo topic and making it fun and easy to talk about. We stopped by after reading the rave reviews from my fellow Yelpers.Overall, the place is all about the experience. It's clean, bright, and non-seedy. It attracts people who don't look like shady weird randoms..probably because they don't have an extensive media section. That said, their offerings were very user friendly and I don't think anybody could walk in here and be intimidated.Nice job Smitten Kitten.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,12/10/2012,61,82,6,11,6>I did a lot of research on here to find a bike shop where I could buy a bike, not get ripped off and not be spoken to like I was an idiot because I wasn't a hardcore hipster biker.  This place lived up to all the positive comments people have made on here.I walked in and was greeted by a very friendly, clearly knowledgable lady who talked me through all the things I needed to think about when buying a bike.  She explained the different heights of the bikes, how to adjust the seat, and how the bike should feel while riding it.  When I expressed the fact that I didn't want to look like an idiot, she told me straight out that if anyone made me feel stupid for not knowing something about bikes, to punch them in the face on behalf of all the bikers in the Twin Cities.  Now, that is not to say this place condones violence of any kind but you know, that's the best kind of attitude to encounter when you're intimidated by buying your first bike since your pink and purple Huffy with the tassels.  Sure, I probably could have paid less by getting a bike on Craigslist but since I didn't know my arse from my elbow bike-wise, I was willing to shell out a little more to have things explained to me and feel confident that I had a bike that wasn't going to fall apart.  For any novice looking to purchase a bike, I would point them in the direction of this place.  Overall, a great experience!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,12/9/2012,140,449,3,2,3>Back once more after a long hiatus.  Arriving around 7:45 pm, we waited just a few minutes in order to sit at a table instead of the counter.We received prompt and pleasant service, enjoyed a hard-to-find wine and also  some very tasty food.  All this, contained within a small space that's near to bursting with "energy".  I think eating with the enemy has its perks. Seeing they had a "Bonarda" wine on their menu, and having had a Bonarda recently (and really liking it), we ordered the bottle.  It's difficult to find this wine around town.  We also requested a half order of empanadas - with cheese and roasted red pepper.  Moments later, our wine arrived.A few minutes later, our empanadas arrived with a little cup of a dipping sauce.  They were very good and very hot.  Flaky pastry folded around oozing hot white cheese studded with bits of roasted red pepper.  The dipping sauce was served hot, too, and was similar to a marinara sauce, but different.  Yum!  They went well with our wine.Next, we each ordered a Cuban sandwich.  My companion has never ordered anything else at Victor's and loves them.  So I ordered one, too, because I've never eaten a Cuban sandwich here.  When our sandwiches arrived I was surprised by their size.  Seems as though we could have easily been satisfied with a half of a sandwich.  The combination of ingredients and the taste were delicious.  I especially appreciated the smooth, thin, and lightly- toasted bread.  I had planned on eating just half my sandwich.  However, since I was drinking wine and enjoying myself listening to the peppy Latin rhythms, I ended up eating the whole thing.  I can't believe I ate the whole thing.  Remember that commercial?
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/8/2012,19,80,3,7,4>Segue is a tiny cafe that is structured as a nonprofit.  It's inexpensive, especially since they have awesome coffee.  The cold press is some of the best in Minneapolis.  They have sandwiches and pastries all from local places, pretty tasty.The baristas are always happy and outgoing, so that makes the experience great.  Free wifi, comfortable chairs, nice and quiet.  Sometimes they even have concerts here.  Pretty much an ideal neighborhood coffee shop.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,12/7/2012,109,89,1,4,3>So, it turned out to be my lucky day, as Keys has not only gluten free pancakes...but waffles...and not just any waffles...belgian waffles!  To all of you glutenous eating gluttons, this may not seem special to you, but trust me...IT IS!  I mean what more can a gluten deprived girl ask for than a butter laden crispy, yet chewy golden delicious waffle??? ...well, other than BACON, of course?!  So, I gorged myself on the golden delicious waffle, ate all the perfectly cooked bacon I could muster...and still took half home!  Price wise, it was a bit spendy, but the portions are MaaaSSive!  I saw an omelet go by that was as big as an overstuffed chipotle burrito...I kid you not!  Needless to say, if you're into little hole in the wall home cooked breakfasts, make sure to check this gem out!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,12/6/2012,25,230,,6,2>I was stoked to see Primebar finally fill the void (or attempt to) left in Calhoun Square after the untimely closings of Il Gato and The Independent (please open up again someday)...I dropped in on Sunday during their generous happy hour in order to "drink in" their atmosphere and partake in some of their HH plates.  Upon entering, I was relieved to see that they had opened up their floor space significantly and created a very comforting atmosphere that had a modern and polished feel to it.  I pulled up a stool and was quickly helped by a bar tender that suggested I try a few samples of their 60+ beers on tap...  (He was extremely knowledgeable and polite throughout the sampling process.)  After deciding on a  good sunday brew, I ordered the following items from their HH menu ($3 per item):-Soft Pretzels:  A sizable and satisfying portion paired with honey-mustard and beer-cheese sauces for dipping.  Unlike other establishments that offer pretzels, these did not taste like they were simply heated from a box of pretzels purchased at Sam's Club... They were soft, fresh, and delicious.-Pork sliders:  2 pork sliders paired with a good portion of onion rings.  I loved the sliders because they tasted remarkably light and refreshing... (Perhaps it was the utilization of coleslaw in the sandwich itself?)  In any case, I loved it.-Cheese curds:  Simply the best i've had in Uptown.  They literally taste like they are fresh from the State Fair... The only thing negative thing I have to say about this place is that I think their regular food menu is slightly over-priced... In closing, I hope to see Primebar "stay around" because I plan on hitting up their HH on a regular basis...
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,12/5/2012,10,103,2,6,2>When I think of fancy meal places, I think of downtown Minneapolis or right around there.  There are of fine dining joints other places....St. Paul (Meritage, Heartland) but I was shocked to hear the rumblings about Acqua over my neck of the woods in White Bear Lake.This place is amazing.  The other reviews were right.  This has got to be the best kept secret for amazing fine dining in the Twin Cities.  They have a $40 every day tasting menu but for restaurant week they had a $30 tasting menu with a few less options.  I started off with one of the best calamari I've ever had.  Perfectly crispy, not oily and extremely tender.  I can explain the mayo but I would have eaten it with a spoon if I didn't think people would stare.  My tasting menu started with the honeydew and cantaloupe puree.  This was an amazing cold soup and the honey dew side had a bit of tang to it.  It looked as amazing as it tasted.  Very refreshing on a bit of a muggy day.  My wife, who loves beat salads and orders them everywhere we go, said hands down, this was the best beat salad she had every had.  (The salad came with a fried goat cheese and there was something on the beats that made them a little crispy).  I'll have to take her word for it because she wasn't sharing.  For my main course I had the ragu which was probably the best spaghetti type noodle dish I have ever had.  Our friend had the osso buco which looked amazing.  It was the largest most tender portion of osso bucco that I had ever seen.  It was served with a white mashed sweet potato (white?  who knew?)  I only tried a bite, but it was amazing and I'm coming back for it.For dessert, I had a deconstructed smore (graham cracker ice cream, homemade marshmallow and a molten lava cake....they called it a souffle...it was good regardless).  It was tasty but everyone recommends the budino.  I can see why.  It beat the snot out of the 112 version...a tough thing to do but wow, this thing was one of the best desserts I have ever tasted.Also, I was amazed by the awesome service.  I doubt my glass even got half empty.  Our waiter was very helpful and his recommendations were perfect.  This is a pricier joint but you are paying for some amazing food and service.  If you're looking for a great fancy meal, then you should strongly consider coming here.  You definitely need to call ahead, especially a week or two in advance for weekend reservations.  I hope this place doesn't blow up too big (like Travail) otherwise it'll be a pain getting back in here.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/4/2012,13,28,4,6,4>Ok, so the five stars is discreetly based off of their amazing 7 days a week happy hour, but it honestly is the most amazing thing to have met me in terms of drinking. 2 for 1s on EVERYTHING. I've been here numerous times and everytime I order something new, I feel like i have to double check with whoever's helping even though I know they're 2 for 1s on all of it.  Don't think that because they have this amazing deal that they skimp out on alcohol cause they don't. Okay, enough about me turning into an alcoholic when I walk into Liquor Lyle's. Retro, slightly rundown decor, but who cares. It adds good character to the place. I've always had good service. Hopefully, this doesn't jinx me.I'll get to their food eventually here. In the meantime, yay for winning me over with cheap, but amazing booze.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,12/3/2012,11,106,,8,6>Disclaimer: this place is not your run-of-the-mill restaurant.  This is not Russian Olive Garden.  The people that frequent here are most likely from "the old country."  Keep these things in mind....In a small, unsuspecting, hard to miss strip mall location lies this small gem.  This is the best way to get the Eastern Block experience without a passport.  When you go in you'll be greeted in what I can only assume is a Russian dialect until you say "hello," in English.  This is how the trip begins.  The decor is pleasantly tacky and familiar in a completely un-ironic way.  They have a form of Russian MTV on the screen above the bar and Russian pop music playing over the sound system.  You will most likely see a group of people enjoying a family gathering and toasting whatever event they may be celebrating (all in Russian, of course.)The food here is authentic and pleasing.  Like the South Russian equivalent of a Perkins perhaps.  Nothing too exotic but exactly what you'd expect to have in any typical eatery in the capital city of Azerbaijan.  I've had the Stroganoff and the Kebabs and they are not to be missed. Enjoy one of their signature cocktails and save room for dessert!  Service is friendly and accommodating.  They were nice enough to sit us at a small table near the bar one night when a private party had monopolized the dining room.  The server was hauling ass and still made time to take care of us!The atmosphere is the best thing about this restaurant by a long shot and that is what brings the whole experience together.  Out of the ordinary but friendly all the same.  Keep in mind they're only open for dinner Thursday through Sunday.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,9/14/2010,34,113,5,7,4>Oh, boy.My first ever Jucy Lucy, and boy am I glad I had it here.  I'm almost a little afraid to try the other places.  I came here on a Friday afternoon with my parents (My stepdad saw Man V. Food and, when asked what he wanted to eat when visiting the Twin Cities, actually YELLED 'JUCYYY LUCCYYY')We waited for a bit to get a table.   Worth it.  All the people waiting knew it was worth it.  So we NoDaks weren't about to complain.There was one waitress for the whole place.  She was quick.  She was friendly.  We loved her.  She works hard for her money.The Grain Belt Premo on tap was lovely and cold.The burgers.   They speak for themselves, and they are so damn good.   Really. Runny, messy, delicious.   We got two orders of fries for three people.  That was way too much.  One would have been plenty.I will be back, and to me, I don't need to try the other guys' Lucys....but I probably will.  Because a girl's gotta eat.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,9/13/2010,109,121,7,5,5>So....I can't really write a full review for this place...but I wanted to write about my experience with the front desk staff...I dropped one of my ferrets (Alexander Supertramp) off at the clinic to be used as a "donor ferret"...he was to donate blood to be used by a fellow ferret that has aplastic anemia.  I walked into the clinic & was immediately greeted with smiles and happy chatter from everyone at that front desk.  Later in the day, when I returned to pick him up it was more of the same thing.  Happy - smiling - front desk staff that gushed about how wonderful my little ferret was to work with = music to my ears :)Few other observations about the clinic...it's super clean, bright, cutely decorated and conveniently located with easy parking...On my way out, I picked up a brochure for their clinic - I think I might check out their veterinary services next time I am in need...
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,9/12/2010,170,391,2,9,7>Went here for a girly dinner with my pal Sarah W. on a Thursday night. Place is cute. We decided to split a bunch of appetizers rather than going for entrees since a) we weren't terribly hungry and b) we are poor. Here's what we had, in order of my favorites.1. Lobster Macaroni & Cheese- Amazing. Creamy. Sweet delicious lobster. Mmm.2. Duck Confit Flatbread (it was a daily special)- A little greasy, but I have never had duck that wasn't.3. Parmesan Garlic French Fries -  Very tasty fries, but nowhere near Wienery quality. 4. House-made Ranch Potato Chips - I thought these were too salty, but they were still good. The atmosphere was really quaint and cute, without being cheesy. Very wide variety of customers. I also loved the system of flipping your coaster for sparkling or still water. Good service. I'll be back to try more of a "real meal."
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,9/11/2010,39,332,1,3,3>Great little place with a great name.  We moved into the neighborhood recently and have driven by and laughed at the name a few times.  We decided to try this place out for breakfast last weekend and we were happily surprised with the outcome.  I had one of the omelets and it was delicious.  Also we both commented on how the hashbrowns had a good crisp on them which is sometimes hard to find.Also as a native Michigander I loved the little shout out in the middle of the menu to the coney dog... I miss those.Can't wait to go back and try a few more things, the only thing I would hope is that eventually they add a couple more tables and maybe a few tables that can seat more than 5.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,9/10/2010,155,803,1,6,5>I went to the Taste of Thailand with three coworkers and we were seated quickly. Our server brought us water quickly and I ordered the number 42. Chicken with a ton of vegetables. The dish was fantastic, I ordered medium hot and it was just the right amount of heat. The vegetables were crispy and awesome! They supplied a lot of chicken, kind of sliced chunks. The side dish of rice was a perfect filler to add with the dish. My friend got the deep fried tofu and spring rolls, which looked awesome. The 46 was a beef dish that looked great and my friend seemed to love it. The only thing that sucked is that it took about 20 minutes to get our check and cash out. The service was great, but the time to check out was unacceptable.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,9/9/2010,128,296,7,7,6>Chocolate and peanut butter fans take note, if you're a fan of the peanut blossom cookie...Cravings sells a peanut butter cookie that is the approximate diameter of a sandwich plate with an *entire* Reese's Peanut Butter Cup baked in the middle.  I felt sick with guilt after eating the entire thing.  But would I do it again?  Ohhhhhh yessssss......Just thought you should know.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,9/8/2010,28,83,3,6,7>Oh Man...went here for my birthday last night.   Oh...man.   Antipasta Salad, Carbonara, and a Cannoli.    Wowzers this place is Italian comfort at it's finest.   They have really stepped up their Carbonara.Like I said, it was my birthday and luckily I didn't have to foot the bill cause I drank a lot of Wine!!!   It was soooo f-ing good.It looked like everyone else liked there dishes as well as 4 of the 6 people were part of the clean plate club.  Mr. Canneloni was licking his plate, Mrs. Lasagna was licking her plate.   Mr.  Veal Shank was definitely licking his plate, and I took a 30 second time-out and almost went into a food como before taking my last bite of Carbonara.  Unfortunately for my ever growing belly, I  then proceeded to another piece of bread to get every little bit of sauce up!  Mrs.  Veal Scalopini was not part of the clean plate club even though she seemed to love it,  I tried some and it and it was very thin and tender!  Also Mrs. Flank Steak came very close to finishing,  but no cigar.We managed to hammer down a few desserts as well, the bread pudding we ordered with caramel was darn good, if you like bread pudding.   The Chocolate something was good, the pear torte was amazing but needed a little more pear, and I of course had the Cannoli, which was like a gondola ride (you know, like in Venice)  of pure bliss.Thanks you once again Caffe Biaggio.  Grazie mille di cuore!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,9/7/2010,63,127,8,12,6>Phoshizzle!And I will use, again, the fact that I'm Asian and have had pho all my life to judge and score this restaurant: This place rocks some good pho. Located in a strip mall with the cheesy lit "OPEN" sign adds to authenticity.  Add the humorous typical Asian decor inside with funny Asian music and yep, even more stereotypical.The eggrolls are the closest to real Asian eggrolls that I've ever seen.  None of that wilted cabbage crap in the middle.  This has meat, clear noodles, and a golden, crunchy outside.   Don't be afraid of the vinegar/pepper dipping/liquid sauce that comes with it; that make the eggroll even more fabulous.The spring rolls are alright, but can sometimes be dry depending on how long they've been sitting out.If you love your pho, order the "pho numba zero."  That pretty much has everything.  If you don't want that much noodle, then order the "pho numba one."  I always order extra meatballs (yummers!).Don't be afraid to try the different meats that come in the pho.  Add some fish sauce, squeeze the lime, keep the lime in the soup, sriracha sauce, sugar and mix, mix, mix.  Trust me... remember, I'm Asian.  This is my forte.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,9/6/2010,20,81,6,5,4>So, I am like the ADD child of middle eastern food.  I like all of the things in gyros, I love falafel, I love cucumber yogurt sauce, etc.  But sometimes, I want to mix all that shit together in a giant pita and eat it again and again and not have to pay extra for doing it my own weird way.The buffet is great.  Sometimes I put hummus and falafel in a pita with some greek sauce (what is it?  I don't know, but I want to marry it.) and chow that down.  Some gyro meat, a little cucumber sauce, maybe some lettuce if I want, and it all goes into a pita!  I get to control the crazy amount of condiments I like in all of my food expeditions without having to ask for extra sauce and pay through the nose.  I can put as many or as few onions and tomatoes in my dish as I would like.  I get to construct my own perfect sandwich from a variety of awesome things available on the buffet.I feel like I'm rambling.  My point is that the buffet is well worth the price for me.  I can try different things and if I don't like it, it isn't the end of the world.  I can construct everything to my exact specifications.  I can eat falafel until I actually explode.Sure, there isn't ambiance or anything, but that's part of it's charm!  Plus I can go buy some awesome groceries on my way out.  This place has my boyfriend attempting (in vain, at the moment, maybe he'll get it someday) to recreate the falafel that we scarf down so happily at Holy Land.  I think it's worth the 9 bucks for lunch to go and eat your heart out.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,9/5/2010,57,68,3,9,8>Squinch your eyes and take this in: vaguely smokey scents, dark wood paneling, tarnished mirrors lining walls, and leather banquettes packed with people having a fine time. Add Johnny Cash on the wall, Hank Williams, Jr on the soundtrack, and you have atmosphere, baby. It's also Bar la Grassa, a restaurant in the Warehouse District that marries damned good fresh, ethical, Italian comfort food with exceptional service that has a bit of steam punk chic going for it.By now you've read all about the eggs and lobster dish. It's a must. Eating at BLG is like having your Nona cooking you up a "little something" to soothe your world-weary soul. And btw, Nona wants you to eat more, you're looking skinny, kid. The dopamine generated from a meal here can put therapists out of business. Tender house made pastas with interesting accoutrements meet up with great savory meat dishes and hearty vegetable dishes (try the kale, trust me). I have yet to try something I don't like. I've been with small groups and large and sampled just about everything on offer. Part of what engenders loyalty (at least for me) to restaurants is how the folks working there do their thing. Each time I've visited BLG I've been impressed with the level of service offered. It's not obvious. It's cool. There's an aesthetic that is carried out in the people who are serving the food. They have style consistent with the atmosphere. They fit. And they are wonderful. BLG seems to have caught on. On a recent wintry Monday night, the place was packed. Perhaps the rugged urban indie culture of Minneapolis has found a soul mate in BLG? Oh and there's valet parking. At minus zero temps, this can make the transition from happy food ambiance to car so much more pleasant.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,8/9/2009,11,12,3,6,5>I've found the key to the best dim sum in the twin cities. Go early. You see, I love Mandarin Kitchen's dim sum but I've often found it inconsistent (Not nearly as inconsistent as Jun Bo but still, not always up to par). It's always good but every once in awhile it's excellent. And this weekend it was excellent. Normally we go to dim sum are 11 or 12 but this weekend we were there at 9:50 - before it opened. A fluke (we never get out that early) but a happy one to be sure. We waited in line for the doors to open (The line was already long and full of people hungry for dim sum).When it opened we scrambled to sit down as the carts with steaming goodness started rolling around. Everything was fresh, hot, and delicious. No cold fried "footballs" (little fried dumplings with pork and what seems like a touch of cinnamon) today and I don't think I've ever had better shu mai or beef rolls. So to sum up: Mandarin Kitchen + Early = Hot, Fresh, Yummy Dim Sum.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,8/8/2009,15,166,2,3,3>I love the Cruise!  I'm a big fav of ethnic restaurants venturing out into the 'burbs and add a touch of pizzazz to the countless chain restaurants that pop up.  Things about the cruise I love:  1.  Big, delicious menu.  The best part is they have a multitude of combo plates so you can try a couple things at a time.  And, the portions will fill you up or send you home with leftovers.2.  The belly dancers on Friday & Saturday nights.  No lie, it can be a little awkward at first, especially for guys, because they will eye you up!  It's tasteful dancing... Remember, this is their culture!  So, let down your guard and appreciate the fun distraction, especially if you run out of conversation.3.  The chance to smoke Hookah!  No, you're not going to get high, but it still feels a little naughty for some reason.  Maybe it's because I've never been a smoker or, that I can blow smoke at the old man! (The old man being my fairly traditional dad.)All in all, it's a great place to bring 'fairly traditional' people, without pushing them over the edge, but guaranteeing them a great night.  You'll spend about $14 a plate, give or take.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,8/7/2009,240,322,,8,5>I got a tip about this all vegetarian Indian restaurant from Kedar and went there for dinner today. Ended up very satisfied with the quality of food. Had the combination thali ($15) with a dal and two vegetables: eggplant and mixed vegetables. Each of these items had a distinctive taste, they were not smothered in spice or drenched in oil. This is a good deal and can easily be shared by two people. Although I asked for no oil or butter on my chapati it came pan fried - so be very assertive if you want it non-fried. It was whole-wheat! If you haven't noticed ALL breads in most Indian restaurants tend to be made with refined flour. Who uses Darjeeling tea - flavorful and very light bodied - for masala chai that asks for a large quantity of milk and spices?!?!! Delight does and ends up with an insipid tea. Tip: Use the robust Assam tea, that can match the presence of milk and spices to yield a satisfying cup of masala chai. The menu includes soy-based masala chai. They also have appetizer momos (Tibetan/Nepalese dumplings) with tofu or soy-based filling...I want to try it out on my next visit for I'm definitely going back. The vegetarian entrees range between $10-$15, higher than what other Indian restaurants charge. But I don't mind paying occasionally for fresh vegetables cooked well. Bright yellow walls, blue ceiling, linens, and a new carpet were a pleasant change from the drabness I have come to expect of Indian/ethnic places. The owner served us with a smile and lingered to chat afterward. I hope this marks the beginning of better, healthier and tastier Indian food in the TC.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,8/6/2009,140,449,4,4,6>YES!  IT IS REAL BUTTER!  However, I like my popcorn without it.  I went back here again a few days ago and fell in love all over again!My friend and I were pleasantly and sincerely complimented by the gentleman selling us the tickets, and the woman operating the concessions could not have been any more friendly or helpful.I think that $6.25 for a large popcorn and medium soda is fair, and because of the high degree of deliciousness of their popcorn, I would not mind one bit about paying $1.50 for a refill!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,8/5/2009,19,39,2,9,6>One morning, early in the season I walked over to the Kingfield Farmers Market, which is a smaller neighborhood farmers market that is well organized and has a good selection of items. I raised my eyes and, lo and behold, sitting in the back of the market was the revered, lauded Chef Shack. I remember actually yelping aloud, "Oh My God, the Chef Shack is here!!!" You can go other places to find out the fabulous story behind the mission of the Chef Shack as they try to reinvent street food for Minneapolis. I only want to tell you about eating there. Normally, you have to wait in a big, long line at the Mill City Farmers Market. Now, on Sunday mornings  they are smack dab in a lovely SW Minneapolis neighborhood ready to dazzle your taste buds. This is not normal fair food. I would know, I was a carny in my youth and there is nothing harder than making good food in a hot trailer. Seriously. However, no fears here. From the Shack Nachos, which I adore, to the homemade goat milk ice cream, everything is awesome. I second Zachary S's review, "Insane on the taste scale." They even have good food for vegetarians, including a vegan PBR braut. Top that. Don't miss the homemade condiments on the side like the pickled jicama for your sandwiches. All and all outstanding. Bless the Kingfield Farmers Market and Bless the Chef Shack for making Sunday mornings fantastic.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,8/4/2009,65,260,,10,4>Yep folks, I'm giving Al Vento a full 5 stars.  Why?  Well they have bottomless mimosas for one thing.  And their brunch buffet for $14 included numerous Italian pasta and bean salads, homemade sausage, eggs Florentine, an incredible veg eggs Benedict with what appeared to be home made English muffins, Lox and bagels, excellent artisan cheeses, mini waffles, spring greens salad, croissants and pastries, pistachio crêpes, fruit & chocolate fountain, russet potatoes... I'm sure I'm forgetting something.  It was the best brunch I've had in a long while and it was well worth the $14, I finally felt like I was really getting my money's worth.  Note: the brunch is printed very small on their site but if you call they can get you a reservation.  We showed up at 10 and the place was empty, but started to fill around noon.  There is seating outside and the wait staff is excellent.  I highly recommend this place for a romantic brunch or a relaxing morning with your friends.  We spent two hours there chatting and eating our way around all the yummy-ness.  Now I'm going back to try their dinners.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/3/2009,13,88,3,5,2>wednesday nights.  transmission.  you'll find me there.  it's a great time.  there's one male bartender there who always looks like he's super busy (moving very quickly) but in fact seems to get a lot less done than his female counterparts.  ordering a drink through him is a painful experience.  i've sat for 15 minutes waiting at one point (and i had cash in my hand at the bar!).  if you see a female + male working there, you're better off trying to get a drink through her.  the outdoor patio is amazing in the summer.  sometimes theres a fire.  one time i saw a guy burn a bunch of vintage newsweek magazines that were left in the bar area (presumably by the owner).  it was a bit sad to see george romney and JFK's faces burning in the fire =/.  hope that didnt cost the owner a lot of money.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,8/2/2009,53,38,3,7,5>Talk about off of the beaten path! This place is really well hidden, I felt as though I was blindfolded and dropped off in the middle of nowhere. This small family owned restaurant has been around for decades and seems to mainly draw the older Mahtomedi crowd. The joint is relatively small but has a large set of windows overlooking a field on the east side. Service was excellent and quick and the food is as close to home cooking as it gets. A great place for all ages and truly a local gem to catch up on the recent area gossip. The chicken wings were delicious and although my cheeseburger was a little undercooked it still satisfied my stomach and I did not contract salmonella from the experience.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,8/1/2009,41,188,3,7,6>Never been to China but I feel I'm there when I sit in the booths at the Tea House. I just love the red walls and the woodwork surrounding the booths. Something more to love is their fantastic Sichuan menu. One of my favorites items is the crab and asparagus soup. Love crab, asparagus not so much, and yet these two taste wonderful together. Then they have this honey crisp shrimp that looks nothing like its menu picture, but it's still yummy. It's battered fried shrimp with a sweet sauce. And to me the shredded pork and tofu is like comfort food. Some things to know on their Sichuan menu: Scallops with black pepper are hotter than any of the spicy dishes they have. Make sure to ask them to go easy on the black pepper or they will cover em' black like a hockey puck. Wontons and dumplings in hot sauce are not so hot save for the grated white stuff on them. That stuff is spicy.I don't order much from the American Chinese menu. I've had the lo mein and it's nothing spectacular. But their fried rice is good stuff even if it has frozen peas and carrots. Their buffet is great and the service is always friendly and fast. Portions aren't generous for the price but Tea House is about quality Chinese food. Right now there's no dim sum but if they can somehow steal the dim sum chefs of Mandarin Kitchen, this place would be my dream Chinese restaurant.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,7/31/2009,81,185,3,4,4>Have wanted to stop here for some time, since I liked this restaurateur's former joint in North Hudson, Idaho Chucks, except for the smoky bar. So last night, an oppressive hot Monday, Agave Kitchen seemed like a good place to be. Not crowded (tho weekends are different I hear), it was cool, and a lime Margarita on the rocks with an ice-water chaser hit the spot. Evidently there's no smoking until later in the evening when the live music or DJ crowd shows up, and thankfully all Sconnie butts have to be extinguished by July 2010, too. Not to get all ex-smoker righteous but Yay!Since my companion was in the know, we had planed to take advantage of its 1/2 off appetizers on Mondays. Anyway, our waitress, who knew my companion, asked if she was aware of this secret society and the app specials. So be aware if you go there on a Monday, and ask for it, apps are 1/2 off all day. Evidently it's not advertised and I can't remember what the waitress called the secret club of half-priced knowledge but it was something as clever as the witty signs on the exterior of the building that change (and were a signature outside the Idaho Chuck's restaurant too). So we'd already been planning to go tapas-style to sample a little of this and a little of that. I had been looking forward to the deep fried asparagus, but snap, it was kinda woody. You couldn't cut them up nor bite them off. They should served them in shorter pieces of just the tips so you wouldn't have to stuff the entire stem in your mouth and look uncouth. A good taste combo with a ginger sesame sauce, but I wouldn't recommend them unless you are ravenous and don't care to be dainty. The portabello mushroom fries are absolutely awesome. Meaty, tender, crunchy--there's nothing not to like (it brought back memories of the deep-fried mushrooms appetizer at the bygone Mr. Steak--gargantuan  button mushrooms the size of a baseball and that ate like a meal). Anyway, Agave's porto fries come with a dijon horseradish sauce, but my companion, being in the know, ordered a side of flavored ranch sauce (It seemed to have tomato chunks in it) that was absolutely delicious. I should have paid attention--second time. We also had the shrimp skewers that were delish with a raspberry chipotle sauce I would put on or in just about anything. Entrees coming out the kitchen looked fantastic, but I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the apps menu this summer, and then I'll  start on the entree side, which is pretty diverse. On the apps side, my compadre heartily recommended the very fresh nachos, chips with smoky tomato salsa (chips are fried on site) and the calamari (complete with the little tentacles, I guess).
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,2/15/2013,22,98,4,5,6>After skimming the reviews, it seems that most people are talking about dinner at the Anchor, specifically their fish and chips... I get that that's a thing here. BUT. Just hold on a minute. You're perhaps missing something! The anchor does a fabulous, greasy, calorie-laden almost totally traditional fry breakfast! It is glorious. Don't be a chicken, get the Full Whack. Try at least a bite of your black and white pudding, and then you can dive into the rest. My husband is originally from Northern Ireland, and this is the place we go for breakfast when he's homesick for Irish food. Yeah, it's not the same as his hometown in NI but it's as close as we've come in the US. (And yes, if you're going to be annoying about it, the line is mildly blurred between Irish and British food in this particular restaurant...) And yeah, someday I'll have to try their fish and chips.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/14/2013,87,290,3,5,4>The Riverview is a great throwback in what is becoming a ridiculously overpriced tradition - going out to the movies. Sure, most showings here are of second-run flicks or cult classics, but the price is right and this place has a ton of retro charm.Matinees will run you $2, while evening shows will run you $3 (save for some special screenings, which will sometimes be more). Munchies are also priced reasonably and I can't think of the last time I have seen real butter served on popcorn, which is a very welcome respite from the hydrogenated motor oil most other theaters offer.The theater itself might not be as technically up to snuff with some of the other more modern theaters (i.e., no 3D, IMAX, POV, S&M, Blu-Ray or whatever), but sound quality and the picture are still fairly good, though I recommend not sitting too far in the back.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,2/13/2013,75,123,1,14,10>I'm native Japanese, so people ALWAYS ask me where the best sushi place in the Twin Cities is. In case you're wondering what does being Japanese has to do with sushi, well, sushi originated in Japan, before it exploded world-wide...who would have thought...! So I grew up with sushi, and I have had sushi at the great largest fish market in the world, Tsukiji, Tokyo...which is sushi to die for...anyways, where do you think my answer to the best sushi is in the Twin Cities? You guessed-it. Hands down, it's Origami. No other place in the Twin Cities compares! This is the sushi I always recommend and I feel confident about the recommendation. Not that it matters, but  Origami is also a Japanese restaurant where the chef, including the sushi chef is native Japanese. I've gone there for years and the  ambience is so nice and the service is always top notch and consistent, whether you're going with a group or with a friend or two, at the table first floor or second floor or sitting right at the sushi counter in front of the sushi chef.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,2/12/2013,731,659,4,6,6>Yeah, I am a fan...  just recently discovered this place as I was driving by from the MIA (Minneapolis Institute of Arts) on 24th street. The place looked "cute on the outside", so I cross-referenced by looking up on yelp - and found some pretty favorable reviews. +'sFirst of all, any place that serves Dogwood coffee - - pretty much a guarantee I'm gonna like that place. Small selection of good-looking pastries. I went with the Almond Croissant. Super good! Not too flaky... Around noon, it was pretty wide open - - so I had my selection of seats. (I chose an empty table, and yeah... there's alot of power outlets. So that's pretty nice. Quiet inside. (a + and kinda a -  , cause with all the quietness inside it doesn't necessary lend to feeling like a cozy coffee stop.)Staff was friendly. And my favorite +, you can get a refill for only a $1 on your coffee. (So i drank inside, and then took a cup to go.) - - - that's pretty remarkable for Dogwood coffee, compared to other coffee stomps i go to. -'sParking is... well, you just gotta find some on Lyndale I guess. (I found one on 25th and walked a block.)
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/11/2013,18,118,4,10,4>I swear that I don't work for Eat Shop... My first time meeting the owners was the day my family walked in for our first meal. The high quality food, amazing hospitality and great atmosphere have sold us... sorry Pittsburgh Blue, Gianni's and Birches... We have a new love. Here's why:1. Excellent Service: They sincerely want to take care of you. How many places have you Yelped and had an owner/partner respond - even for a good review? After over 50 visits in the last 6 months, even the noob servers that we haven't formally met before treat us wonderfully. (No kidding, it's a 2-3 times a week thing for us).2. Fruit cups: Yes... I said fruit cups. My kids don't want steamed veggies or fries. And since I don't want them to have my waistline, I encourage them to eat healthy. Eat Shop provides optional fruit instead of the fries or other salty/starchy stuff. And it's not fruit out of a can. It's a heaping cup of fresh-sliced apples, pears, oranges, etc... All of a sudden, I want to eat a little healthier too... My kids love the place - no arcade, roaming magician, or manufactured food required.3. Beer: OK, this kind of goes against the healthy eating thing, but Eat Shop has a really good selection of local beers. I mean REALLY local. Excelsior, Lift Bridge, Lucid, Surly and of course big boys like Summit and Schell's. The beer dinners are also a helluva lot of fun. Chef Jeff does an amazing job creating meals that perfectly match the brews. My only gripe is that some of his creations should make it to the regular menu. By "some", I mean "all" (the brisket main course and peanut butter mousse dessert at the Excelsior dinner was AMAZING).4. The "Eat Plate". I am a big fan of the cheese course, especially if you can eat it before the meal without getting strange looks from the staff. I mentioned this delightful plate of cheese, house made sausages and pickled fish in my previous review. Since then, they added a Junior version of it to the kids menu. If you are blessed with young ones that have an adventurous palate, then have them give it a try. My kids love it. If Velveeta, Oscar Meyer and Ritz crackers are what you expect, then skip it. It's all house made from scratch.5. Atmosphere.. or the Muzak - wait, I mean Music! Sublime, Violent Femmes, Talking Heads, James, Replacements, pretty much the best of the KJ104 playlist if you remember that wonderful little radio station. Of course the Eat Shop version is a finely tuned Pandora playlist. In my previous review I mentioned the lack of quiet, romantic spots. I was wrong... My wife and I are the ones sitting in one of the round booths, smooching and holding hands while we enjoy the best tunes of our formative years on Tuesday $10-bottle-o-wine nights. Come to think of it, we are not the only ones doing that. This is a great spot for a date or meeting friends.Eat Shop is the best thing to hit Plymouth eateries.. at least in my memory - and I've spent 30+ of my 40+ years in Plymouth.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,2/10/2013,78,118,5,6,5>Happy Hour Only.  Happy, hot, loud, flashy, loud, flashy.  Kind of like Miami, but called Chino Latino in a nutshell. They used to be THE PLACE to go when I was in college to see and be seen.  Now, this is THE PLACE to go on a Monday -Wednesday night.  Why?  All day happy hour.You read right - all. day. happy. hour.  I went here on Monday to celebrate a friends birthday and we crammed ourselves into a couple tables at the happy hour side.  It was definitely loud and busy, but man, are the food and drinks cheap!  I think we just kept drinking, socializing, and eating until 11 pm (we got there at 5:30).  By the time I got my bill, I was so shocked to see that I only spent 30 bucks on way too much booze and food.  I mean, I ordered what felt like millions of drinks and food. The other thing that helped was that our waitress was really cool and nice.  She may have disappeared a couple of times, but she never forgot about our food and drink orders and even remembered to bring a little sparkler cake thing towards the end for the birthday girl.  This place may not be the IT place anymore, but they do alright in my book during the week when you do want to get loud and have fun.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,2/9/2013,43,140,3,7,4>I don't think this bar could get any better.  Want somewhere to go for an amazing breakfast and spicy bloody? Go here.  Want somewhere you can sit on an awesome patio in the sun, order food, and be served rather quickly? Go here.  Want somewhere where you'd rather be inside watching the game where it's kinda dark, but there are still some small windows? Go here.  Want somewhere where you can let loose after dark, where a DJ on a Thursday night will surprise you? Go here.  Want somewhere where you can bring a $20 bill and probably still have change? GO HERE.Why aren't you there and checking in yet?
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/8/2013,139,324,2,4,6>We missed the opening weekend at Indeed, but made it over there this week.  We tried all three taps. Midnight Ryder is a black ale that has hints of chocolate and coffee with  a hoppy kick.  It  looks like a stout or porter, so it took my a second to adjust to it.  I tend to like my dark beers a little more malty, but it was good nonetheless.  The Daytripper was a nice, hop-forward pale ale with just a nip of citrus. Very drinkable.  For summer, I loved the Shenanigans ale.  It was lighter, with honey and citrus.  I was expecting it to be similar to a Cynic or a Hitachino White Nest, but it was actually more like a grown up Honey Weiss.  Super smooth.  I love the look and feel of the tap room.  It is warm and cozy with lots of beautiful wood.  I can't wait until it is less crowded, so I can scope out the historic signatures on the old tables.  Nice patio with a decent amount of seats.  We had Gastro Truck as our food offering that night.  I'll never complain about that!  I hope that they are getting a kitchen of their own at some point soon though.  Last thing... I am a design nerd.  I cannot rave enough about the way they have handled the design of their brand.  I love the logo.  I love the web site.  I love the artwork.  Everything is carried through and consistent.  The fact that they take such care on so many different levels is also apparent in their beer.  I wish them all the success.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,2/7/2013,17,47,,5,4>Well, I made the mistake of moving very close to Lu's.  I have now had the pleasure of eating their sandwiches three times in the last...week and a half?  What can I say, moving was stressful.  Each time I've had the grilled pork, which is so mind blowingly good I haven't had any interest in trying their other options.  Fresh bread, crunchy tangy veggies, PORK mmm.  With a healthy dousing of sriracha, it is my perfect sandwich.The people behind the counter are super nice, very speedy, and truly make a mean sandwich.  I've only done take out because it is not the best setting, but there's no way I'm taking a star away for that. So good!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,2/6/2013,49,61,5,3,8>My review after our first visit to Eat Street Social this summer:We arrived via bicycle, hungry and a little more than crabby. The decor is what I would call Havana-Steakhouse-Chic and was comfortable and inviting while maintaining a steakhouse vibe. I imagine the owner/designer has read some Hemingway. The waiter, who was experienced but not haughty, wasn't ruffled by our initial - and probably inappropriate - marital bickering. Instead, he offered us a little more time and a beverage. We opted for both.I ordered the Summer Sangria cocktail. It was rum-based so not really my thing but it was icy and not too sweet. I didn't order another one but it was refreshing and tasty.Marital dispute assuaged, we decided to split the steak special and ordered alacarte salads for each of us to start. My husband ordered the romaine and I of course, opted for the arugula which is quite possibly my favorite green and not often enough the the focus of any dish, IMHO. It was a tough choice between the arugula and watercress. The watercress is on my list to try next time.The salads were perfectly dressed, tasted amazing and were just what we needed. I really have no words.Now for the entree. The steak we ordered was the special of the night so I don't know if you will be able to get it later but I hope it will be featured again because it was BOSS!!!Rib eye is our favorite cut and my husband makes a MEAN one, so we were primed to be critical. We needn't have been reluctant. The steak was cooked to a *perfect* medium rare and almost melted in my mouth. It was pared with one of those reductions that will prove infuriating to recreate at home, its deletable flavor naggingly out of my culinary reach. The entree came with au gratin potatoes which had a nice cheesy brown crust on top. It was neither too al dente or too mushy; we gobbled it up. The veggies, the waiter told us, were grilled garlic spears. They were fibrous but delicious, especially dipped in the aforementioned reduction.Partway through the meal the waitstaff convened for a loud cry of "Hupp-Hupp!" and some other such unintelligible cries of camaraderie. They then proceeded to ribbon their way through the dinning room toasting both diners and each other with little glasses of beer. It was cute and nothing like the forced hoopla one might see elsewhere. It actually seemed genuine. It was neither smarmy or overbearing and felt like the waitstaff had a general liking for each other, their jobs, and the place overall.We did note that the restaurant seemed a little under occupied for a Thursday night so that did give us pause but may have been episodic, but please go and patronize in case it wasn't. This place is great!Toward the end of the night, the owner (young!) stopped by our table and chatted with us for more than a few moments. He seemed genuinely interested in our experience and it also appeared he is in touch and hands on with the business.We will definitely go back, if only for me to try that watercress salad...
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,9/27/2008,128,296,8,10,8>Be forewarned that whenever I play Truth or Dare, I will always choose truth (and my sister will always choose dare).    So...truth:  I've been known to go to The Mall for the sole purpose of eating at Twin City Grill.The cheeseburger is solid, you can't go wrong.  It's the perfect lunch item.  I've ordered the burger several times and it's always been consistent.  The burgers are also one of the more economical items on the menu so despite the mood, the low light and the smartly dressed wait staff, you don't have to break the bank to have a nice meal.  If you're in the mood for something more exciting than a burger, try the almond crusted walleye.  I'm on the verge of moaning inappropriately just remembering the flaky perfection.  It is served with a lemon butter sauce that was good but so rich that it would be easy to go overboard, so go slow.  Mostly insignificant things that knock the rating down for me:--the salt & vinegar fries are too overpowering for my taste, although my fiance loves them.--the complementary onion loaf served before the meal has onions baked into the crust (I'm not an onion fan), but again, my fiance loves it.--it's in The Mall.On our last visit, dinner cost us around $60 (including tip) for 2 entrees, a glass of wine for me, beer for him and we split the warm apple pie with cinnamon ice cream for dessert.  And then we wandered the mall for an hour (translation: we forgot which lot we parked in) and burnt off some of those calories.  Not too shabby!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,9/26/2008,28,49,5,7,6>I was here the other night and I loved it.  After reading some of the other reviews, I can't understand why anyone would give Stellas less than 4 stars.  Yeah it can be a little spring breakish in a yuppie way, but it is not Drink.  Thank the Goddess and all the stars for that.  In fact I bet you could rig up some sort of water balloon device to actually hit Drink's patio.  Seriously, anyone who thinks Stellas is too suburb/frat boyish, I friggin double dog dare you to go to Drink just once.  You've been warned.  The patio is open seating after 10 (or maybe 9) so you don't have to "know: (or blow) anyone to get up there.  Best views in the city.  Sure drinks are Uptown priced, but hey who in Uptown doesn't charge too much for drinks?  My favorite food item is the calamari.  If you find better calamari anywhere in the entire city (yes I would consider going to Saint Paul even if the calamari was that good) please let me know.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2008,9/25/2008,3,5,1,6,6>Haskell's is a great place to grab a beer in the summer. It is located in the heart of Excelsior with great views of Lake Minnetonka and great outdoor seating. I recommend it as a spot to gather with a few friends and enjoy the beautiful Minnesotan summer.That being said...A few drinks is all I would buy at Haskell's Port. The food is typical bar food: fried everything and pretty mediocre burgers and sandwiches. Don't go to Haskell's expecting a great dining experience with your family, because the clientele consists mostly of regular patrons who prefer to drink their dinners.All-in-all, I like Haskell's. The bartenders are friendly and deft at doing their jobs, and it is a low-key atmosphere conducive to relaxing and enjoying friends and summertime. It is definitely worth a try if you're in it for the right reasons.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,9/24/2008,36,404,,4,3>Went for the first time yesterday and sat outside.  My fiancee thought we should go to Starbucks-but I proved him wrong. Very wrong.  I had quiche, which was OK-he had these poblano chiles stuffed with goat cheese which were great.  The absolute best-and we could have just split that and an iced coffee and been happy campers- was this amazing amazing raspberry coffee cake. I don't even like sweets, and I wanted more!  We sat outside-played backgammon-I lost twice-but it was a wonderful way to spend a Sunday morning.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/23/2008,17,102,,8,5>WOW!  The achar is amazing with the chicken momo!  The cuisine is bursting with flavor and vibrant color.  The portions are a nice size and only left me begging for more because I love it.  Budget:  There is plenty under $10For all the animal friendly and environmentally conscious folks out there the menu is welcoming and pleasing.Lady friendly, has been an dinner spot for the bisexual organizing project, and same-sex loves.  Unfortunately, I can not speak to the experience of gay males. People of color and other folks on the TLBGQ spectrum can enjoy great food in peace.Beautiful food, phenomenal people on staff.  To all my neighbors who tend to be snotty to wait staff -don't go in thinking the people there are nobodies.  Some of them are fiercest community organizers and college grads you'll find.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2008,9/22/2008,10,8,8,4,4>Being a dive bar girl, thoughts of going to a club are not appealing, but I was drawn to Seven for a bachelorette party. The first thing I noticed when I walked into the two-story bar was a woman without a shirt - unless painted-on shirts count. It would have been fine if A) I enjoy seeing other women's breasts and B) they hadn't lost the battle with gravity and were pointing straight and not at each other. The experience did make me feel much better about my own, however, so at least I have that going for me. In a nutshell, the clientele is a diverse group where everyone's giving everyone else the "up-and-down" and I feel lucky to have made it out alive with so much silicone-injected bimbo animosity. If you're planning on getting a little tipsy, you better bring a flask or drink somewhere else beforehand that actually serves alcohol. Be prepared to pay at least $10 for a drink - which is understandable at a club - that are served in a tiny Solo cups with lots of ice and zero alcohol. I basically dropped $50 for ice cold soda water. Awesome.However, it does get three stars: One for the bouncer to be smart enough to not make groups of girls stand in line. Two, because the roof deck is big and has a cool view of downtown Minneapolis and the third because you could people-watch here for hours and never get bored.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,9/21/2008,5,3,14,12,10>Last Friday evening I was exhausted from a long drive to and fro Madison, WI for work.  I headed home with my PBRs in hand to find myself alone, with 24 beers and two cats.   I knew at that very moment I needed to lift my spirits with some cheap beers at a good ol' dive bar ala NE, Minneapolis.  Alone.Upon entering Jimmy's I felt as if I somehow didn't make it home from Madison, but pulled off somewhere outside of Baron, WI or Elk Mound for that matter.   Wood paneling with poop  brown ceiling tile make for a vibrant and uplifting atmosphere.  Not to mention the 60 something bar fly dancing with every whiskey swilling drunk in the bar.  After I had consumed my 2nd $2.00 Old Style and my $1 beer stick,  a lot of things started to make sense.  This is the best bar in NE.   They serve FREE White Castle every Sunday from 10am-1pm.   (you bring your favorite condiments)Middle aged men come here to talk about fishing lures and minnows while wasting money on pull tabs , AND hell yes the bar tender is putting them down right along with the rest of em'!Sure some of the patrons might struggle with meth in addition to booze, but for god sakes, who doesn't?Go to Jimmy's for "the scene".   Stay for the beer sticks.    *The cash machine did not work and they don't take cards.  And I had one more beer.   Total tab- $8.00
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,9/20/2008,15,18,9,8,8>I don't know why but if I could I would live in the 1940's and wear 3 piece suits, a cool fedora and wing-tip shoes all the time (as in "going to the grocery store" or " walking the dog" all the time.)  And in order to do this my closet would actually just be this Brooks Brothers' store (and my house would be the Room and Board showroom over on France Ave but that's for another review.) I went to Brooks Brothers' on Friday night to take back a pair of pants that ripped (they weren't a cheap pair of pants and I was a little shocked they ripped in the first place, I swear it's not the size of my ass that did it either.)  The guy helping me immediately took me back to find a replacement pair and had me try on a couple of different styles that might be a bit more "durable" (again, as I explained to him, my ass has not grown to pants-ripping proportions.)  He explained that the seam ripped due to normal wear and tear (I had had them for a while and wore them a lot) but exchanged them for free which was great.  As he was helping me I said I just wanted to wander around the store and look for a bit.  This was like an addict just saying he wanted a little taste of the 'good stuff' and promised it was his last.  Good luck.  I was immediately caught up in the dizzying swirl of their their shirts, ties, sport coats, sweaters.  What started as "just a quick look" turned into my face in a pile of  "clothes cocaine."  My pupils became saucers, my heart raced, I grinded my teeth and just dove in.  I tried on a ton of stuff and was giddy, giddy, giddy.  In the end I got a few shirts (their iron-free shirts were on sale for $59.50/shirt which, honestly, is a steal) and I picked up a sport coat, another pair of pants, and a few sweaters.  I didn't plan to go nuts like I did but there was no stopping me, well almost no stopping me. You see, I found my way to their shoes (I am a shoe whore, I'd do anyone for a pair of Allen Edmonds) and I picked up a pair of their shoes which cost half of my mortgage.  However, cooler heads have prevailed and in the buying hang over that came Saturday morning I will return them this week (like I said, I was a wasted and we all make a few bad decisions when under the influence.) Overall, this place has great, classic apparel that is not overpriced.  Their service is top notch (I walked in looking like I had been protesting the RNC in St. Paul and was immediately attended to and not in that "we will ask if we can help but really just want you to leave" way either.)   While I haven't been to a Heimi's Haberdasherie just yet (believe me, it's on my "list") you can't go wrong at Brooks Brothers.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/19/2008,851,1295,2,9,5>After riding many an Eastern European bus, I have found a new respect for our transit lines. Even the smelliest and craziest of bums cannot hold a candle to the Commies. Plus, the Metro Transit is familiar and can be very comforting and easy to figure out. The same can be said for their website and automated phone system.As Theresa stated, there are times when it makes more sense to drive than to take the bus. When I lived in Hopkins it would take me 2-3 buses, or even an extra walk to get to my school in St. Paul. The ride was about 2 hours if I didn't miss a transfer and if the bus was on time. It was fine when I didn't have a car, but once I had the car I was hardly on the bus for that purpose. Without heavy traffic I could get to school in 30 to 45 minutes by car for the same price. Plus, you have the option to go where you want, when you want with the car.When I wasn't trying to get to school, I would usually use the bus. I frequent Uptown and the areas on Lake St. Parking can be a hassle and I loathe parking garages. With the bus I was able to be dropped off exactly where I wanted to go and get straight to what I came to do. That beats driving around for twenty minutes trying to park, or parking in oblivion and walking to your destination.The bus was also useful when our student groups needed to get somewhere in large numbers. Those student bus cards are a thing of glory! Although I ended up using my car most of the time, my father started using my pass to get to work. He works more days out of the week and it was easier for him to commute, so it just made sense. We ended up saving a lot of money.I've been using Metro Transit alone since I was 11. My parents are disabled and couldn't drive. My dad just handed me a bundle of route maps one day and wished me luck. They knew  there are crazies out there, but also that I'm pretty aware of my surroundings. Shady people would ride here and there, but I never felt in danger. On top of that, Metro Transit was so easy that even a child can figure it out . The drivers were very helpful and are nicer than in any other state that I have been to thus far.Now that we have the Hiawatha train, I can't complain too much about our system. They make it very easy to get to Downtown, anywhere on Lake St or Marshall, the airport and MOA (not that I recommend going to The Mall). Mostly my problem is that they still haven't changed their schedules to make room for the unexpected. I once heard that wheelchair accommodation sets them back up to ten minutes. That doesn't really affect me, but I would like to see the buses running later and more frequently at night. For example, in Uptown and Downtown to the close burbs.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,9/18/2008,3,24,5,5,4>So there is this fish that exists in the mid-west. It's called a Walleye. Never heard of it until I moved to MN. In general, I like my fish raw with a side of wasabi.My rule of NOT eating cooked fish ended with a random visit to Little Tel Aviv. The owner is quite amicable and we probably talked for 15 minutes before I even ordered my food. He recommended the walleye sandwich and that is what I had.I know it doesn't sound like much, but it's got me hooked (pun intended) like that one SF crackhead guy who is hooked on rummaging his black filthy hands through cigarette ashtrays on Mission and 2nd street.The sandwich is a lightly battered and deep fried fish on a nice bun with lettuce and tarter sauce. Includes a side freshly cut french fries. I'm sure the owner is probably pretty irritated with me by now as I have never ordered anything other than the walleye sandwich.For those who want to bring their Yamaka's (kippa), Little Tel Aviv is OU Kosher. Speaking kosherly, I find this place to be the best Kosher food on the street.One Caveat: Most everything else on the menu is a bit pricey. I think the place is suffering from Brand confusion. The food appears excellent, elegant and pricy, but the interior looks more like a coffee shop.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,8/20/2012,87,226,,5,3>If you typically eat at places in the city or Uptown, you'll likely miss this place out in the burbs.  Uchu is located in a strip mall right off of Rockford Road (west side of 94), right next to Leann Chin.  The exterior sign is pretty small, so you have to look for it when you get there.Right when you walk in, the layout is a little confusing.  The owners used the preexisting layout from the prior restaurant and added their own style and decor.  The decor has a very South American taste to it, with small trinkets scattered around and long picture scrolls throughout.We were greeted by the waitress (which we learned was the owner/wife of the chef) and she was very personable.  We got to our table and she took a couple of minutes to explain everything on the menu.  I learned a number of things about Peru and can see that she and her husband have a lot of passion for the business; which told me that I should be in for a great experience.To start, we ordered Papa a la Huancaina.  It's cooked potatoes, skinned and chilled, served on a large leaf of lettuce and swimming in what's called Uchu Amarillo and Queso Fresco Sauce.  The sauce is difficult to describe, but it had a cheesy consistency with loads of flavor!  It had a kick to it and combined with the chilled potatoes, was a wonderful appetizer!  I also ordered something called Chicha, which is a cold drink from Peru.  To put it simply, it's like drinking pumpkin pie in a glass.  It had a pumpkin spice and cinnamon flavor to it and was an amazing pairing to the dish I ordered.We ordered Tacu Tacu and Tallarin Saltado.  Both dishes had an Asian flare and used either soy sauce and/or teriyaki flavor as part of the base.  The Tacu Tacu is a mix of beans, rice with steak, fried egg and plantains.  The mix of beans and rice is something you just need to experience on your own.  The beans are pre-cooked, mixed with rice and sauteed onions provided an amazing textural experience.  The beans mashed with rice in your mouth explodes with flavor!  The steak was pan seared and cooked to perfection.  The Tallarian Saltado reminded me of Chinese lo mein.  It's served with noodles with tenderloin strips (pan seared) and mixed with sauteed onions, tomatoes and soy sauce.  The vegetables were very fresh and were thrown in right before it was plated and served.  The soy sauce combined with the noodles, tenderloin and vegetables had a very stir-fry flare to it; it had amazing flavors that screamed in your mouth.We had an amazing experience and didn't know there was such a great place with Peruvian food in our backyard!  On my next visit, I'll have to order the desert plate which I saw another group order.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,8/19/2012,44,90,2,3,3>If you haven't yet been to Tilia's, you'd better get your priorities straight ASAP. This place is excellent. I loved the food, the atmosphere, the service and the location. Doesn't get any better than that, right? Well, there are a few things I'd like to see them tweak, but by and large, this place is at the top of my list any time I'm looking to show off the Minneapolis food scene to an out-of-towner. So, I went there for lunch with my law partner last month. There was a film crew for a Travel Channel show filming, so things were extra crazy, but we got there early enough to beat the lunch rush and got a table right next to the kitchen. This is key, or you WILL wait a long time for one of the 14 tables. The aromas emanating from there were enough to make me want to start gnawing on the table. I amused myself for a time talking to the bartender (who occupies a space opposite the kitchen) about the varieties of craft beers on tap. It's nice that they put up a number of helpful details about the beers and will offer samples and/or pairing suggestions to help you find the best option. I did think the beer prices are a little steep, but the service makes up for it. I spent the rest of the time watching the chefs and servers assemble the plates and admiring the atmosphere. I think the decor also sets just the right tone. It's a nice blend of retro and modern without being kitschy.I ordered the Reuben and Tony got the cheeseburger. I thought it was one of the best Reubens in the city (although the marble rye was toasted a bit too long for my taste). Tony's burger was cooked to a perfect medium-rare (another difficult find). We were rather disappointed that the moules frites were out of season, as Tony thought they were amazing the last time he was there. Keep your eye out for their (hopefully) triumphant return in the fall. I thought the prices were very reasonable considering how carefully they crafted a couple of simple sandwiches. The dinner prices aren't outrageous, either. The service is excellent, even when half the place is filled with camera and sound guys doing setup and prep work (we were not on camera, so there was no risk of them stepping it up for TV).I like that they let you choose whether you want a side or not, but the portion size/price for the fries is odd. They make you buy a huge (HUGE) boat of fries that feeds a table of four for $6. Request to the owners: cut the price and portion in half, please.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,8/18/2012,97,74,2,4,3>Beer, music, food trucks, and the great outdoors (patios, of course) - life in Minneapolis doesn't get much better.  True that you may find all of these things in various Minneapolis hotspots, but you won't necessarily get a homegrown brewery as a backdrop and the thick smell of yeast in the air.This is one of my favorite places to spend a night enjoying the spirit of summer in the Twin Cities.  Wednesdays through Fridays they're open 4pm - 12am and Saturdays from 1pm -12am and host a different band and food truck combo each day.  The taproom boasts a small stage and seating that extends to their nicely sized patio.  The bright yellow walls adorned with multiple canvases of brightly colored paintings and the mishmash of furniture makes the taproom an inviting place to sit back and enjoy life.  Of course the $4 pints, refreshing mix of patrons, and friendly staff contribute to the awesomeness that is the taproom.God bless Minnesota for jumping on the taproom wagon.  Stars, stripes, and flights of Harriet brews forever.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/17/2012,170,391,10,8,7>I love Ingebretsen's. First of all, it's so out of place on Lake Street that it is hilarious. Mexican, Mexican, Mexican, Scandinavian, Mexican. As a half-Ojibwe, half-Norwegian girl, this place helps me get in touch with my lefse-eating, star mitten-knitting side. The yarn and needlework shop is a rare commodity, not many places offer tatting classes. The ladies have been very friendly with me through the years, despite me not looking like the typical tatter or lace knitter. There are many great, solid patterns and a good selection of Dalegarn. After swinging through the yarn store, I usually pick up some refrigerator pickles, lefse or Freia's Melkesjokolade, the best milk chocolate I've ever had. My Norweigian exchange students in high school would bring it over and I got hooked.Over all, a fun little store.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,8/16/2012,95,174,6,3,3>The Wolf Pack ventured into the heart of Nordeast to celebrate the birth of one of Nordeast's finest, Randy K.  Actually, Randy is more than a gem of Nordeast - he is an international ad man on the order of Don Draper...errr, Dick Whitman.  You see the man and think to yourself, "Wait, are we on Madison Avenue or Hennepin Avenue?  Yes, the Wolf Pack does sushi...we are that cultured.  Masu will immediately envelop you with its bold color scheme, sleek interior design, and chic bar.  And for a birthday feast, Masu will treat the group to a round of Sake.  L'chaim!There has been a lot of buzz surrounding this place, and the hype is well deserved.  It's an extensive menu, and no one in our group of 8 was disappointed with the sushi.  I sprang for the Rainbow Uramaki: Masago, Cucumber, Maguro, Suzuki, Iwana, Hotate, Ebi, Tamago, and Avocado.  And let's be real: I only know what two of those words even mean.  But hey, I like sushi, whether I can identify it or not.  The presentation is excellent; heck, we debated for about 10 minutes whether the chop sticks could be taken home (yes, they were that impressive).
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/15/2012,63,341,4,4,4>Although I found the jars with the logo on the counter filled with what could have been urine a bit unusual, unusual is what they do well.I opted for the bop bowl with the braised short rib and it was like the fourth of july in my mouth.  The beef was incredible, tender, beefy, succulent and it matched up perfectly with the kimchi, sesame leaf and all the other ingredients.My only suggestions for future enhancements, either put some kimchi juice in bottles to top off your dishes or make your rice bowls semiselfserve with extra kimchi.  A bottle of gochugang, sugar and sesame would be a plus too!This left handed cook salutes you, good sir!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/14/2012,58,321,3,4,6>Pierogies! Pierogies! Pierogies!  I have to say, this Detroit gal been buying the ones from the grocery store freezer for too long!  Nye's cured me of my streak with their daily special last evening, the Fresh Mozzarella, Marinara and Sausage Pierogies.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to how I like my sausage spiced, I don't like it to overwhelm and distract from the rest of the dish.  This was mildly seasoned and cooked to perfection.And because I couldn't get enough of the pierogies, we got the pierogie strawberry and cream dessert.  Fresh homemade quality cream get me every time!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/13/2012,84,128,3,7,4>I was so excited by Annie D.'s review of this place yesterday that I knew I had to go here, stat. So, Leah G. and I headed here right after the Elite party yesterday so we could get our hands on some of those amazing-sounding drinks.When we arrived, we saw that there was a $5 cover for a jazz artist that was playing tonight, but the hosts told us they wouldn't actually charge a cover until 9:30, and if we were still there by then, they'd just charge us the $5 on our bill, which I think is a very reasonable practice.We were seated in the upper level, which gives a great view of the stage below. I can't wait to see a show here...it's perfectly intimate without being overly clustered. I like that.  Our waiter was quick to attend to us, and was awfully nice. Note: they do all their ordering on iPhones, so they aren't texting while you give them their order!We ordered the beet salad and the bacon and green chile burger and just split them both. SO tasty. The beet salad came with two delicious deviled eggs, sweet beets, some arugula, and a nice thick bacon. The burger was also excellent-very flavorful and big enough to share. To drink, I ordered the La Samba, which was an orange-cinnamon caipirinha. It was served in a large shot glass for $5, and the  flavor was so warm and spicy I can't wait to try it again.We finished with the rhubarb pie, which was a perfect ending to our meal. We both decided that we absolutely need to go back, and with the prices, we absolutely can afford to. Our meal, for three items and two drinks, was $34. I can just tell this is going to be a huge hit.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,8/12/2012,534,142,,12,7>Caveat: I have been to this restaurant just once. But will be a regular soon.I absolutely loved the lunch buffet at Dancing Ganesha. The decor is definitely upscale since it is in the Downtown Minneapolis area. I liked the idol of the Hindu god, Ganesha on the wall with paintings of Indian classical dancers on it's sides. There is also a fireplace. There are plenty of tables with the buffet spread in the middle of the restaurant during lunch. There is also a bar with a few regular beers, nothing fancy. The buffet had a good variety of an appetizer, vegetarian and non-veg curries and a dessert (my favorite carrot halwa on the day I went). The service is good. regular filling of water glasses and checking on customers etc. The price ($12) is not bad for plenty of delicious Indian food. Now, I have a choice between Bombay Bistro and Dancing Ganesha when I am in Downtown.   Last word, you won't be disappointed, if you like Indian food.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/11/2012,68,50,5,7,6>I'd like to make Crescent Moon Bakery's special green sauce a part of all my happy dreams. I've recently discovered this "bakery" (more of a pizzeria, but they did start as a bakery when they opened) recently and have visited twice, which is still not enough. Their football shaped pizza is made fresh and their flatbread pizza crust is something of a marvel. My latest food rule for myself is that if it makes your mouth water, eat it!!! Well friends, as I'm writing this and thinking of the delicious steaming cheesy football pizza with lots of green sauce, you would be correct if you guessed that my saliva glands are working over time. The place is very reasonably priced and it's a casual environment to relax and eat your za or have a takeout option if you are more of a patient person than me. There are other items on the menu, but to be honest, I've not had the room explored them.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,6/19/2012,34,171,2,2,3>I will start off by saying that Cafe Latte has a special place in my heart.  It was one of my first dates with my now husband about 5 1/2 years ago.  That said, I do LOVE their food as well.  Anyplace that you order dessert before lunch / dinner is good in my book.  It just so happens that the dessert is great!  My two favorites are the tres leches and raspberry tortes.  However, if I'm in a decedent mood I get the cheesecake or cobblers.  I have never actually ordered their chocolate cakes but I have some chocolate lover friends that are obsessed.  The pre-made salads and soups are also very hearty.  This is a great option for large hungry groups.  While the experience can be overwhelming the food will make it worthwhile.  If you just want dessert / coffee I recommend you use the counter in the back as it is much faster.  The line can get annoying up front but they are pretty efficient at making it go fast.  The only time I've had an undesirable experience is when other patrons get obnoxious.  If you can avoid that, you'll be golden.Lastly, in lieu of not wanting a traditional wedding cake, my husband and I opted for about 15 cakes from cafe latte for our reception.  They were amazingly easy to work with!  Also, everyone at our wedding was impressed with the choices.  I highly recommend them for your next event / wedding.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,6/18/2012,60,70,,4,4>I feel really fortunate to have this awesome co-op close to home:They have an amazing bulk selection of dried whole grains and beans and have pamphlets to tell you how to prepare them as well as nutritional content. If you haven't experienced cooking/eating whole grains, you definitely need to try it out. They will help you! They recently have been stocking bulk organic basil which is CHEAP (and local!)- cheaper than the packaged stuff at all the big box grocery stores.They have good deals for their lunch-time salad/deli counter, if you work nearby (I do not) and like healthy food, I think it is worth a gander.Yes, many things are expensive, but I have also found a lot of items that are better deals than other grocers. For example, the organic olive oil that I got here was cheaper than at Cooper's County Market (down the street). Also, I am obsessed with Dr. Bronner's soaps, and you can get that much cheaper if you buy it in bulk here instead of the packaged version anywhere.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,6/17/2012,24,156,5,2,4>Just smelling these donuts may give you the diabetes.  Fritter, cake donut, raised donut, beignets, danish, bismarck, donut holes, crullers...they have it all.  I recommend arriving early, selection is limited and sometimes non-exsistant later on in the day.  For those occasions you have a morning meeting and care to impress with a large platter of donuts, I recommend placing an order to pick-up a day or two ahead of time.I'm a fan Mojo Monkey and particularly enthusiastic about the mango glazed raised donut with coconut and the cake donut with chocolate ganache and pistachio.  Yummmm. Prices vary and are a little on the high side of the spectrum when compared to donuts elsewhere.  However, with that said you're not going to find this caliber of sweet perfection... or maple bars with thick-cut bacon... at any ol' gas station or local grocery
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,6/16/2012,192,528,2,7,6>I was really impressed with my meal here.  I got the large basket, which costs $9.15 and comes fries, cole slaw, a piece of taffy and your choice of two of the following: cod, clams, shrimp, chicken strips.  I got the cod and claims, and was impressed with them both.  Its fish fry season, and it was the best fried cod that I can think of in the Twin Cities, I think comparable to the fancy joint on 13th Avenue, minus the curry sauce.  The clams were also pretty good too.  People have ragged on the fries, and while I agree that they are not great, they aren't bad either.  Shoestring fries with natural granules of sea salt.  A little thin and greasy, but not bad.The taffy was excellent, I bought a bag to go for $3.  It was super fresh, still wet.  Also, I'm confused why people think $9.15 for a fish fry basket is expensive?  This is Mac's, not Mc's, if you want them to give you that fillet-o-fish, give you that fish, then there is another place where you can get two tiny fillets for $3.  Maybe that is more your style.  But if you want an excellent fried cod, this place delivers.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,6/15/2012,18,42,2,5,3>Best. Pizza. Ever.Just went here today for the first time and I'm in love.  I'm no stranger to delicious pizza... I live down the road from Pizzeria Lola and frequent the Black Sheep.While Lola does incredible edible combinations and The Black Sheep has mastered the art of making pizza cool,  Element has tapped into something equally as special.  They've flavored simple combos perfectly for a little bit lower price.  This is not NY style pizza.  The crust is light, flaky, woodfired and genuinely Neapolitan.  The sauce is simple, unmistakably San Marzano.  The specialty Pizza combinations are perfect;  don't worry about making your own.We started with hummus and roasted olives (a totally sizzling delicious delicacy).  For our pizza entree we sampled the Nordeast - topped with just the right amount of sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and oregano (10.00) - and the Fire - a spicy combination of spicy sausage, roasted red pepper, goat cheese, and basil (10.75).  I  almost went back to get the exact same thing for dinner.  So tasty and highly recommended.  You can go in, take out or get it delivered if you're in their zone.  I WISH I lived over there!Funny, after taking another look at the menu it appears that there's quite a bit of Greek influence.  There's probably a really neat back story there...
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,6/14/2012,46,137,2,6,3>Just the mention of Anchor Fish & Chips makes my pupils dilate and mouth water.  I am not exaggerating when I say that this place is far better than 5-star.  My hubby and I walked in on a Friday night, expecting from other YELP reviews it to be crowded.  Was it ever... With a 1 1/2 hour wait, we had a serious discussion with the couple we had met on whether to stay or go.  We grabbed a glass of well-priced wine and geared up for the long hall.The minute the salty crust of that steamy white fish touched my lips, I forgot about the crowded 1 1/2 hour wait and was engulfed in the delight of this delicous meal.  Every person in our crew let out a "Mmmm" when they began eating.  Within minutes, all our plates were clean and we were planning our next visit.Don't miss this Minneapolis treat.  There is a reason you have to wait -- it is just worth it.  The fish is perfectly fried and larger than life.  The chips are tender and tasty.  The tarter sauce is a perfect accompanyment.  Just go, don't be detered by the crowded non-lobby waiting area, I promise, it will be worth it!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,6/11/2012,86,304,3,4,4>If the fringey arts scene in Minneapolis had a Girl Scout sash that one could fill out with badges, you'd get one for attending Patrick's Cabaret. I came here on Cabaret night (kind of a curated open mic set-up) with a friend from work who's heavily involved in the dance community in the Cities, so while I was expecting dance I had no idea I'd also be exposed to kick-ass spoken word about porn, electronica tackling race in America, and love poetry. Everything was really well done- as other reviewers mentioned, it was casual but the performers were very sincere.For $8 (so little, and all of the dollaz go to the artists!) I left feeling like my mind had been stretched and my creativity had been sparked.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,6/10/2012,32,76,3,3,5>We were over at Minnehaha Park and decided to swing over here at 1:00pm on a Friday.  First visit, knew nothing about the place.  Walked in the door into the deli area and immediately found the end of the line to get into the restaurant area in the back.  We were probably about 15th in line and we were contemplating bailing.  We stuck it out and the line started moving.  In about 10 minutes, we got a seat.  We were along the wall by the kitchen.We were almost overwhelmed by the choices in the menu.  Criminy, what is a guy to do?  Well, how about asking the waitress.  She was an older lady and looked pretty harried.  My wife asked her about what are the best sellers and asked for some recommendations.  She took her time and answered our questions.  My wife ordered a Turkey Reuben and I ordered the Monte Cohen (both came with fries).  The food arrived in about 20 minutes and we dug in.  The Monte Cohen was absolutely delicious.  The bread was grilled to perfection and the turkey was fabulous.  The cheese and sauce added the extra punch that put it over the top.  The fries were just OK.  They were crinkle fries, the garden variety ones you buy at the grocery store.  My wife ventured out on the Reuben and thought it was just OK.  She tasted my Monte and loved it.On a side note: The bathrooms are through the kitchen all the way in the back.  Pretty weird.  It looked like a daughter of one of the employees came in and was wandering around the kitchen, getting drinks with her backpack on.  I am not sure how sanitary the whole thing is, but it looked a little strange.  The packed dining area was also very loud.  I am sure it can't be helped.  A lot of people in a small area.Anyway, it was a great meal and I am sure we will be back for another item to try on the expansive menu.  I am sure we will try something from the deli as well.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,6/9/2012,113,230,3,4,6>Bachelorette Party Bus Stop?  Yes.  Hipster's with crazy beards and mustache's?  Oh hell yes.Bro's and Lady Bro's?  Definitely.Folks from the Burbs?  Yup.Heavily Tattooed Wait Staff?  Yessum.Delicious tropical themed drinks?  MmmHmm...Anyone looking for a great time at a fun bar?  Absolutely.When you arrive, you might think you are in the middle of nowhere.  You would be correct, you are in the middle of nowhere.  You might get lucky finding a parking spot in the lot but more likely just find a spot down the street and walk.Pyscho Suzi's is split into two levels.  The upper level is quiet and laid back.  Great for groups of folks looking to celebrate something with tasty boat drinks.  The bottom level is more of a meet and greet type of place where you mingle with everyone.  Then there's the patio which is always a great choice on a beautiful summer's night.Oh yeah, also try the Sugar Babies.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,6/8/2012,264,422,4,5,2>I'm glad I finally tried this place out, and also that I did it as I'm about to move out of this neighborhood. Otherwise, I'm screwed royally because I'd be eating here pretty often. Seriously, this place has good, delicious, AFFORDABLE food. I don't know wanna say cheap as that, well, cheapens the experience, but it is a mighty amount of gut-busting, flavor-popping, hunka food for a small price. This dining room is small, only four of those small, square picnic tables. It's neat, well-lit, and well-ventilated, and the paint looks fresh. It doesn't necessarily look like that from the outside, so there may be some facelift needed. I kinda did a double take when I saw the menu items and their prices. $4.99 for a 7' Philly cheesesteak? $7.99 for a catfish/chicken wing combo with fries and slaw? Man, it seemed too good to be true. Like an infomercial. Or those Cash4Gold commercials. But, against all logic, they did give me a filled-to-the-brim, delicious cheesesteak for $5 and some chili cheese fries for $2.99, which was big enough to be an appetizer at your typical bar. I thought it was unique that they had the liquid cheese (liquid gold, more like it) at the bottom of the bun, but I guess that kept it warmer longer. The meat was not sliced, but more finely chopped beef, and was very tasty and salted just right. There's no frills to this sandwich, just meat, cheese, bread. Boom. The chili cheese fries were kinda fantastic, too. All that gooey cheese under that molten hot chili...not spicy, just surface of the sun hot. So try not to shovel it into your face too fast. It's definitely worth the longer-than-your-fast-food wait. The place seems to be run by a small, yet friendly, crew.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,9/1/2011,66,131,3,7,4>I had takeout from Chindian for dinner tonight and it was exactly what I've been looking for.  I've found myself at a loss lately when craving spicy asian food - I somehow relocated to one of the best parts of the city, but haven't found one reliable joint yet that I can count on for delicious and spicy Asian cuisine with vegetarian options.  The stars were aligned tonight because I found Chindian - on Yelp, as a matter of fact.  We ordered Chin Dian fried rice with shrimp and an order of the mock duck with broccoli.  Not super adventurous, but we were first time diners and unsure of what to expect.  Mmmmmm!  The veggies were obviously fresh (and the menu lists the local farms that it sources from).  Both dishes had that slow burn that made your temperature rise first, made you cough second, and then your body adjusted and you could relax and enjoy.  Most of the places that we've found around here don't let you order what level of spice you'd like for take out - you add it yourself if you're dining in anyway and the same rule applies if you take it home (how many people have fish sauce with chiles readily on hand?)  We may have gotten a little overexcited about this option because we ordered our dishes hot - "not Minnesota hot, but I also don't want it to burn my face off" were the exact words that came out of my boyfriend's mouth - and the owner had heard it all before.  He said he could make it as hot as we wanted it.  And I have to admit he delivered.  Whoever could take a complicated, vague order like we placed and turn it into exactly what we wanted is an individual worthy of celebration.I would have gone back and ordered more for lunch tomorrow, but they closed before we were halfway home.  This is my new favorite spot.  I also happen to be really picky about mock duck - typically I dislike it - and whatever they serve at Chindian is really succulent and tasty.  At less than $20 for two of us (although I'm pretty sure I ate at least $15 worth) I definitely plan on being back again soon.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,8/31/2011,41,111,10,7,7>I am born again, as of two days ago.  The East 42nd Street Salon took me in, nurtured me, healed injuries both emotional and fibrous, educated me, and released me back into the wild armed with the (slightly pricey) weapons needed to face humidity and hard water.My curly brothers and sisters, hear me!  Finally, somewhere out in the dark, cold reaches of the universe, someone appreciates us and our rapacious locks.  For the first time, when the mild-haired tell me that they wish they had my curls, I understand why.  The grass isn't greener on the other side; it's greener on our side.  This diva's gone Deva.  Come on over.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,8/30/2011,24,24,5,5,6>Chowgirls you have ruined me for the ordinary! I only wish they could cater my everyday life. I've been to two events catered by Chowgirls and confess I mostly looked forward to going because of the food.Everything they use is eco friendly, reasonably priced, & they compost everything that would be thrown out.They have a large menu to choose from including fresh squeezed limeade, smoked salmon, Indian curry, and cheesecake (which obviously don't go together unless you're pregnant)I only wish they would open a restaurant.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,8/29/2011,209,965,9,4,4>When I need to escape the confines of Cubicle Claustrophobia over the lunch hour this is where I come. My happy place. Away from all the office nonsense and over abundance of team building excercises and doing everything "value added".This park is an added value to Minneapolis!It's a reasonable walking distance from work and the views are inviting. Almost too inviting with the temptation not to return to work. I enjoy catching the rays in the summer time sprawled out on on the grass or sitting on the wooden benches.Beware of the slats on the wooden benches. I dropped my key and badge in between the slats one day and spent half my lunch trying to fish it out.It's amusing to see all the bus loads of kids rolling down the hill (mound) on their field trips and running amok in the grass. Makes me wish I was still in school and could go on field trips. One of these days, maybe I will run to the top and scream, "this sucks" and head back to work. I bet it would feel good. Park is very clean and well taken care of.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,8/28/2011,12,103,4,8,6>Blue Ox has great coffee! I ordered a shot of espresso and a friend got a mocha. The espresso was perfect, not too bitter, smooth and a little sweet. I had a few sips of the mocha and I really wished I had ordered one myself. The mocha was much less sweet than I expected, you actually tasted the high quality chocolate and espresso. I thought this was great because most coffee places seem to overly rely on sugar in order to make their drinks passable, Blue Ox doesn't need to do this, the ingredients can stand on their own. This place has a really nice atmosphere. There is plenty of seating, lots of sunlight, a chess set and nice mellow music. No art on the walls yet, but I imagine that will change since the place is still so new.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,8/27/2011,223,363,7,6,7>Walk-ins, be forewarned; you will end up like a little match girl, staring at us happy diners eating delicious food inside while you stand outside dying from exposure. Strike a match if you must, but don't walk towards Grandma.  Masu is a rare five stars in my book. Started off with the shishito peppers. These are lightly grilled with sea salt and bonito (skipjack tuna) flakes. Fun to share, as they are generally mild to medium hot with the random super hot pepper thrown in. It's like playing Russian roulette, only with peppers!For drinks I got the pickled watermelon lemonade. Refreshing and not that pickle-y. Just enough salt to make it interesting. I tried Jared's Big Man Japan which was super fruity and did not taste like booze much. Dangerous.Jared ordered the eggplant and bacon-wrapped tofu robata, I ordered the scallop, sardine, beef and burdock, and bacon-wrapped quail egg robata.  I liked the eggplant flavor but the skin was surprisingly chewy for Japanese eggplant. I rate this a two of five. For sardine lovers, the sardine robata turned out to be a fresh, grilled whole sardine. Don't be creeped out by the intact head, it was pretty. The flesh was firm and delicious. Had to pick through the bones, but they are delicate enough you can eat them, supposedly. The bacon-wrapped tofu and quail egg were good - anything wrapped in bacon can't be bad - but I liked the quail eggs more. Beef and burdock roll was also a winner; it's thin slices of beef wrapped around burdock, a type of root. Crunchy and beefy. Scallops were amazing, just cooked enough. Also tried some of Elyssa K's marinated cod; yum.Jared also ordered the pork belly ramen. I've been waiting a long time for ramen...and it was good. Not mind blowing, but enough to satisfy me. The noodles were firm and chewy without being slimy. The poached egg was perfect; when your egg-phobic boyfriend mixes it into his ramen, you know it's a winner. Didn't get any pork belly but I'll try again next time. Broth was decent, I didn't find it overly salty like others have. I'll have to get a bowl for myself next time.Japanese food isn't all about sushi, but I ended up ordering the BLT roll. I love me some salmon skin! Super tasty and rich, like bacon, only with omega-3s. It was freshly fried, so a nice contrast to the rice. Radish sprouts add a refreshing spiciness to this roll. I want to eat this again. Also, kudos to using sustainable seafood. No bluefin here. Reservations for parties greater than four or five are hard to get on Open Table; I had seven so I ended up calling. They were accommodating even when we became nine....and eventually thirteen at the last fucking minute. I was a bit stressed out but the staff never wavered from being kind and courteous, even in the midst of a Friday night bum rush. They even gave us a bunch of pachinko balls since the gumball machine housing them was broken.Space is very chic and trendy, but the food is traditional and very worth a visit. Service is above par and since it's in my hood, I'm going to be a regular.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,8/26/2011,114,193,7,7,5>First off: this last visit, we scored a last-minute reservation on a high-traffic evening at a prime time... take that, Trainer Bob.  OpenTable has more power than celebrity.Second off: I know I can be lenient with the five stars, but if I wasn't lenient with the five stars, I'd still be giving BLG five stars.We've been to Bar La Grassa for our wedding anniversary and we've been there for no good reason at all.  I've had the renowned foie gras tortellini -- without knowing it was so highly regarded -- and it blew my ever lovin' mind.  This past visit, I had the calamarata with raw tuna.  Oh my goodness, it was one of the most delicious things I've ever stuffed in my face.  I kept having my husband eat some because I needed him to experience the flavor orgasm that I was having.La Grassa is a good place for drinking wine.  Their cocktail menu is a bit thin and relies on classics.  Honestly, I prefer classics, but I could order those without a menu.  Their negroni and manhattan were nothing to sing and dance about, but solid.A word to the wise: don't order like a Minnesotan.  If it sounds non-risky, like the crab ravioli or the fusilli bucati with lamb meatballs, you might feel a bit disappointed.  But if you go down the road of things that sound like you're on a scary episode of Iron Chef, you'll be talking about your meal for the next month while drooling all over yourself.Bar La Grassa deserves the hype, hands-down.  It's a rare treat, and good thing that it stays rare or I'd gain 100 pounds without blinking an eye.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,8/25/2011,164,127,3,14,5>Welcome to Chain City America! If you're in the Roseville area - most if not all that you find to eat for lunch happens to be chain restaurants - enter Cafe Zia this petite cafe/sandwich shop that from the looks of it, recently opened up.Innovative sandwiches, and an option to build your own sandwiches with premium add-ons, garlic-cheese spread, avocado, roasted red bell peppers, etc. It's delicious and each time I come here I try something new. You also get the option to name your sandwich, which I do every time - I name mine obviously because I lack any creativity whatsoever - "The Darshy Sandwich" One day, as I walked into the cafe - there it was as a special of the week - "The Darshy Sandwich" I mean sure you're important if you have a bridge named after you, or even a building - but a sandwich, cmon guys that's awesomeness^squared.They also have a good selection of beverages - beers, wine, italian sodas, and seasonal products - pumpkin lattes, apple cider etc. They brew the ultra-hippie Minnesota coffee "Peace coffee" [Try saying that without putting up the peace sign] The staff is super friendly and always willing to help. I normally grab my sandwich to go and then eat it at the Josephine Lake down the road - hands down the best lunch experience I've had  in this area.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,8/24/2011,89,97,13,5,5>For being such a chubby boy I sure do drag ass when it comes to trying new restaurants.  Be that as it may, I finally made it to the BDP on a man date tonight and we were both very impressed.  Since we are both starting another weight loss challenge next Monday we decided to pad our losses and go for broke tonight.  For starters, they have a great selection of beers on tap.  From there we only felt it proper to order not one but two fried appetizers to challenge our belts.  We ordered the cheese curds and the deep fried pickles.  Both were greasy and fantastic. Before we could completely finish the two gut bomb baskets our burgers arrived.  I ordered the B.O.M. which was filled with pepper jack and topped with pickles, cream cheese and more pepper jack.  Sweet Jesus that fucker was tasty.  With that I ordered tots and had them served Cajun.  I love me some Cajun tots but holy shit.  They were waaaay too seasoned even for me.  Next time I'll go without. Not only was the food and service fantastic, but the music playing through our whole meal was top notch.  To top it all off we were seated immediately upon entering.  Blue Door, I think I love you.  But I wanna know for sure...I'll be back.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,8/23/2011,82,194,2,2,3>We come here pretty often, mostly for the amazing tamales. Coming from south cali where the Mexican food is pretty authentic, I'd say I'm a good judge and this is the real deal.I'm a big fan of the sweet corn tamales with the super hot green salsa.  Something about sweet and spicy really wakes up your taste buds. I've tried the chicken one as well which is more savory but just as good.  They sell the tamales frozen to go for much cheaper than the fresh ones, so go ahead and take some home, you'll be glad you did!My BF always loves to get the plate with chorizo, potatoes, eggs and toast, he loves it so much he often even gets it for dinner even though it's a breakfast dish!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/27/2008,3,7,4,4,4>I have eaten here at least bi-weekly for several years.  Major treat is their strawberry chicken salad; a half-order is more than most can eat.  Excellent matzoh ball soup, or skip the matzoh balls and just inhale the chicken soup - cures all colds.  Ask for some free pickles.  Has their own bakery - fantastic breads!  Top-notch chopped liver.  Sunday brunch is well-priced buffet - come early.  Probably the best place to kibbitz in the western suburbs.  Friday night always has twice minion.  So, naturally great ribs!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,8/26/2008,1,7,2,7,3>A haircut and beard shave here is the male equivalent of going to the spa for the day. Mine took over an hour, cost $43, and included everything I love- neck shave, face massage, and plenty of hot towels. Not to mention I look and feel great. I can't wait until next time. Rumor has it you can get a custom tailored suit for $500 as well. That's a steal for the quality you get here.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2008,8/25/2008,42,103,2,9,6>Best hotel I have ever stayed in.I travel once to twice a month -- the above means something.Killed the "W" -- serious.I stayed on my "should I move to Minneapolis?" tripWonderful place. Rooms are swank to the 10000's, bar is great, food is great, people were incredibly helpful and the doormen made you feel like the King of Prussia. Prussia does have a King, right?Worst thing is The Graves is now in my town, so I won't have a need to stay there... 'less I want to treat myself, or a lady, or just hit it for a drink. We'll see.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,8/24/2008,13,42,,5,5>Excellent burgers, lots of different flavored shakes, and the fries are greasy and delicious, everything I want in a burger joint.  Parking is hard to find, but your in Dinkeytown, so that applies to everything.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,8/23/2008,13,80,3,3,2>My husband & I live downtown, so this is the Target that we frequent.Heck, we can walk there.... it's right by Target Headquarters, and we are clearly in the mecca of all that is Target. Impressed? Yeah, I didn't think so.ANYWAY, I like Target. I'm not ashamed to admit it, (though maybe I should be??). I like looking at the clothes (though, admittedly, a bunch of dudes carousing the 35%, 50%, 75% markdown WOMEN'S racks was a bit alarming last week. I couldn't handle it and had to go look at the shoes instead (did try some cute flats out of that "deal").... because THEY looked at ME like I didn't belong there.... with the women's clothes. Who knew?This is one of those Targets that has SOME groceries, which is very much needed in downtown, because we don't have anywhere to buy groceries otherwise. It could and would be better if they had some produce, if it were a "Super Target". But hey, I can buy some necessities here, and that's pretty good. Plus, we drive to Cub or Rainbow foods, and their prices aren't usually as good as Targets... on a lot of items.Plus, they have sales on candy (2 for $4 bags on m&ms is probably not the best thing for me, but gosh darn it, they have sales like this just about every other week it seems).Truly, this is our resource for a lot of items, frozen foods, snacks, household goods. You won't find me complaining.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,8/22/2008,18,36,18,16,12>I'm going bald. There I said it. So I don't want any fancy Salons with ditzy hipster girls trying to be Bjork telling me I should cut it a certain way cause it looks good with my eyes. I just want a damn haircut, and for a decent price I got that and an excellent beard trim. Which is very hard to do for me because  I'm extremely picky about my beard. This was the first place I've gotten a haircut and not walked away a little disappointed. I was completely happy with what he did. Also it's always nice to have a good conversation with someone new and if you go here your guaranteed to get one. It's a classic looking barber shop with cases of old straight blade razors displayed on the wall. It's been owned by the same family for 3 generations and another family for 2 before that. I can always go there expecting a good haircut that doesn't take long. It's connected to a local hardware store too so, hell, if your feeling extra manly, go get your haircut at Glenn's Barber Shop and then go buy a ratchet set or something.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,8/21/2008,53,38,7,5,6>The best thing to hit your mouth since your first kiss. This place is amazing! As a picky eater I like everything on the menu and every time I've tried something new it's delicious. Staff is generally friendly and provides prompt service. As far as the setting you can take a date or the entire family, it really seems to cover all of the bases. Nice outdoor patio in a great neighborhood. If I could collect unemployment and eat their goat cheese all day I would...
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,8/20/2008,10,21,2,11,5>OK, first off, this is not a sushi restaurant.  "Japanese" does not equal "sushi."  But yes, they have a sushi bar . . . That being said, people that whine about the sushi here probably just love the Philadelphia Rolls at Nami . . .kack!Sorry, I just threw up in my mouth a little.This is where you go for real, down-home, if-they-were-american-it-would-be-called-soulfood Japanese.  You can cook at your table or have them do it for you: the shabu-shabu will blow your mind!  and their various fried meat items are, in a word, todiefor.  To me, their beer selection is lacking.  They really need to pick that up, since at "izakaya" or casual Japanese family style restaurants ubiquitous in Japan, at least half of the point is getting your buzz on.The Monster (?) and Caterpillar rolls are pretty damn good though, and I generally don't even eat sushi.  I have also never, ever had bad service here.  And I have been going here every time I'm in town for many years now (since '96!).The desert menu is also limited.  But if you are reading this you are probably American and don't need to top off the insanely large meal you just forced into your face at break-neck speed with a very fattening sugary edifice to gluttony.  Better yet, have some green tea to help you digest and then take a stroll down the Mississippi.  They will give you a to-go cup if you are nice about it!  (ok to-go bowl, but how nice is that!)Great times: awesome for friends, families and dates.  Also not badly priced, its on the low end of the 3 Dollar Sign scale, unless you really like to drink.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2008,8/19/2008,53,311,2,4,3>I finally made it to Izzy's ice cream a few weeks ago.  Having been a loyal Sebastian Joe's eater for a while now, I was a little hesitant to try Izzy's.  Perhaps it was the sense of betrayal, or perhaps it was the fear that I may actually like it better than SJ's.  Either way, I finally tried it and found that I can comfortably like both ice cream makers equally without having to choose.  Given the gourmet nature of Izzy's, I see the two ice cream joints as serving two different roles for me.If I want to be challenged to try something different and eat a combo that doesn't naturally seem like a good fit with ice cream, I will go to Izzy's.  If I want a good old fashioned scoop of ice cream, I will go to Sebastian Joe's.  But since this is a review of Izzy's, I will end this review by saying, Izzy's is the most unique ice cream in the Twin Cities.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,8/18/2008,46,143,6,8,6>WTF is a picture of a hot dog with ketchup doing on this review? I am a Chicago native, born on the South Side, lived briefly on the north side, and moved to Minnesota 3 weeks ago. I had been disappointed with the lack of good hot dog stands in the twin cities but now I think I have a good one. I had an Italian and fries. It was a really good sausage, good peppers too. I could have used some red sauce, but took it to go and did not ask if it was available. The fries are kind of weak, but have good seasoning. For those from Chi, they have Vienna beef, poppy buns, bright green relish, etc. From what I saw, they actually make Chicago dogs. Jennifer K is what is wrong with Yelp. People that order something they don't like and then hold it against the restaurant.  A beef sandwich is supposed to be soggy. If you don't want it soggy, order it dry. I'll be back, this place reminds me home.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,9/28/2014,209,965,2,6,5>Much like Bath and Bodyworks, I could never spend all day working in a heavily scented place. I get it; it's going to smell like fresh fish. Despite the smell, this place is top shelf for seafood. Purchased a couple pounds of fresh scallops for New Years Day. While expensive, they were worth every penny.PlumpSuper FreshTurned out perfect- but that part of thanks goes to my dad for searing them perfectly.Lots of cool spices. Place was super busy!Definitely the place to go for fresh seafood. Scallops were amazing!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,9/27/2014,949,964,6,10,8>This is the best of both types of Italian. It has the upscale menu and beautiful decor.They really dress it up around the fireplace for the holidays. It also covers all the basics with a fabulous red meat sauce. I was here for lunch and it was a cold, snowy, windy day that called out for pasta. I got the ravioli. A soft mixture of cheeses oozed out of the 5 pillows. I scooped up every last drop of meat sauce. It comes with soup or salad. I went for anything with homemade Italian dressing. While eating this I got a wiff of the chicken Angela's marsala sauce. Wow. I was impressed that they have 3 party rooms, 2 were in use, and they look like a good time. If this were in the TC, it would be my Italian weekly.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/26/2014,31,65,3,3,5>Fat Lorenzos is a pretty good cheap eat. I always get just a slice so that all I can really review on. It's $4 or something and definitely a whole meal. It's a pretty dang huge "slice" of pizza.  And while I'm sure ordering a whole fresh pizza would be better, I'm always surprised by the freshness of their "by the slice" options, pretty tasty!  I'm usually skeptical and even after deciding to order it I am convinced it's going to come out all dry and awful, but then I get it and can't find anything to complain about. They also have gelato, which has been the wildcard for me when I'm there. Sometimes it's pretty good, other times it's just "meh".  Whatever, it doesn't have to be amazing for the price point they offer.   I guess I can understand some of the negative reviews, I could see that happening at a place like this, but I personally have never had a bad experience.For me, it's just classic and I can't -not- like it.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/25/2014,26,166,6,5,5>I had a very enjoyable brunch at Mosaic this Sunday. My breakfast burrito was full of fresh and delicious ingredients, and it is moderately priced ($8.50) considering what you are given. The service was friendly and attentive, although the waitress did write down a couple nuances of other's orders incorrectly (nothing egregious though). As other Yelpers have noted, the food seemingly took a long time to arrive, but for us it didn't matter since we had time to kill prior to the May Day Parade. Our entire table finished with the salted caramel custard which was absolutely delectable.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/24/2014,20,293,5,5,5>I walked in for lunch and the place was dark with all the chairs up on the table; unfortunately a crew was making repairs on the roof, making it too loud inside the restaurant to be open.  But the manager generously said I could eat if I didn't mind the noise, so I dined alone in a dark closed restaurant.The pesto gnocchi was engrossing, I must not be a gnocchi connoisseur, because I don't know if it was "good" or not, but I really enjoyed it. The pesto was less creamy/fatty that I was used to and more herby, so a refreshing variation.  And the tomato soup was delectable, in quite a fancy bowl.I was served by the manager as there was no wait staff, so I can't comment on the service. And the construction above me did not ruin a good meal.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,9/23/2014,92,197,9,9,10>What a tough review, where do you even begin?Well, it's the middle of January and I'm craving some fair food and weather!  So how about starting with the food, I mean after all that is what most people come to the fair for.  There's definitely way too much to review everything so I will only talk about the top 5 places I have come to love over my visits to The Great Minnesota Get Together (Such a great slogan:)  So, favorite fair food, for me it's got to be the Twisted Sister from Sausage Sister & Me in the Food Building.  Great spicy sausage wrapped in a sourdough bun and of course on a stick, I love it with some Spicy Mustard.  Second favorite item has got to be Fresh French Fries, I don't know what it is about these fries but the salty goodness is amazing and goes perfectly with my beer from Leinie Lodge (Love their big wooden chairs too).  Third, I nominate Pronto Pup!  The accessibility due to the stands all over the fair make them an easy fix multiple times in one visit.  Pronto Pups are pretty much a fair staple and enjoyed by all, just get out of the way of their carts.  Fourth, this would be the Seville Sandwich but it is sadly no longer at the fair since about 2010, so enter Pork Chop on a Stick from the place on Judson Ave.  The smoke from this joint will usually encompass the entire southern half of the fair like a thick fog of cooked pork goodness.  Last has got to be Manny's Tortas, I am a big sucker for Manny's Tortas and although you can get them anytime of the year at Midtown Global Market I still love that they are in the Food Building.Next, attractions and my favorite is probably the Minnesota DNR area.  I really like looking at all the giant fish in the pond and the animals they bring in for the demonstrations are great.  I saw a bird of prey (Sorry can't remember which one) fly all over the crowd and finally land on some guys head, it was pretty funny.  The animal buildings are pretty good too, my favorite is probably seeing the 1st place Pig, such a big sow SOB.  I tend to avoid the Miracle of Life exhibit, nothing about pulling a cow or horse out of it's mother with a chain is cool to me, but such is life on a farm I guess.  Machine Hill and the dog building are nice too, I can't really afford anything on machine hill so it's more of a look don't touch.  The dog demonstrations unfortunately have gotten more disappointing each year, I hope they get it back as a major attraction and use the popularity for more adoption opportunities with local shelters.  Midway, no thanks... Nothing but a bunch of teenie boppers and thugs if you ask me, I might ride one carnival ride per year.  I do make it a habit to ride the Sky Coaster or the Gondola, those are a must do for any fair-goer and a good bang for the buck.OK, so how about the Music?  The Music is great at the fair, there are so many options at any point of the day on any given night you are sure to find something.  I don't think the arena is a great venue but they do a pretty good job of getting in a variety of artists for all different genres.  I prefer the National Bizarre or the Leinie Lodge, a little more laid back and I like being able to come and go with no feeling of commitment.  Not only does the fair have all these things but it does boast the highest attendance in the country, recently passing Texas for the #1 spot.  I take pride in that and like the fact that we're #1, we're #1!  Plus, people watching is second to none at the fair, if you don't like the crowds just find a bench and enjoy the show, there is definitely no shortage of strangers to criticize.  There are free fireworks just about every night, arts and crafts and plenty of drinking establishments!Anyways, I know I didn't review everything and I'm sure after I submit this I will think of multiple other reasons I love the fair (Downfall of writing a fair review in January) :(
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/22/2014,50,47,5,6,4>I don't give this place enough credit and I'd like to remedy this by giving this place a glowing review.  I often find myself at Camp or Sawadee or Black Sheep, but have avoided walking the two blocks to eat at Fuji Ya for unknown reasons.The last time I was there I had some excellent ginger asparagus (best I've had), some agadashi tofu, seaweed salad, vegetarian eggrolls (wrapped in tofu skin - yum!), and best of all -- some rolls the chef made up for us.  It was so good I had to ask the server how I would order it again.  She said it's a "veggie winter roll with sprouts and beets", so if you are a vegetarian and are looking for one of the best rolls I've ever had, give it a shot.  You won't regret it.The service has always been great, the food is super good, and the prices are totally reasonable for a sushi joint in downtown Saint Paul.I'm sorry I've been ignoring you, Fuji Ya.  I promise I'll be better,
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,9/21/2014,15,136,4,6,8>I can't believe that I haven't written a review for Ward 6 yet, that's just crazy!Love Ward 6 for all meals of the day.  They have a great beer selection, their bloody Mary with horseradish vodka is second to none. and their food...one of the best veggie burgers ever, no cheese needed!  Our most recent meal was breakfast, and my husband couldn't stop talking about their eggs.  Not sure why, but they were some of the best eggs he's ever had.I look forward to many more trips to Ward 6 to experience all they have to offer.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,9/20/2014,9,82,1,5,5>I grew up in the Twin Cities, but never went on this house tour until today with a couple friends.  It was really interesting and fun.  We learned about James J Hill himself- his personality, his reputation, how he created his railroad empire, and how he designed his mansion.The house itself is, as expected, totally gorgeous.  Everything was intricate and immaculate, from the stained glass windows to the custom woodwork to the double-skylight art gallery.  You learn about the era it was built and why things are this way or that - the light fixtures were built to handle gas lamps OR electric bulbs (in case electric light ended up being just a fad - it was only invented 10 years prior, after all), the wall light switches twisted, which is why we continue to say "turn on the light" today.  Even their laundry system was revolutionary for the time.  Definitely going back for the "nooks and crannies" tour where you can explore even more of the house.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,9/19/2014,64,122,3,4,5>Oh Fat Nats. You are my little weekender on the side... A quickie breakfast with some spice...from the chorizo that is. You have a lot of rules on your menu, but that's because you know best. Why on earth would you want to change the Spicy Avocado Benedict. Nat knows best in this instance.When I was there last weekend, the entire table was overwhelmed with all the delicious sounding options. As soon as the food arrived, the table was silent. I love my gma, but she's a talker. Not this time. Her omelette (the size of the platter) was enough to silence her until the first quarter or so of it was gone. The hashbrowns are TOTALLY worth the extra buck. They'll even fry them up extra crispy if you ask nicely. If you are a newbie, try the Spicy Avocado Benedict or any of the Huevos Rancheros options. This diner out in the 'burbs is worth the drive...if only for their homemade green hatch chile sauce. Just...do it.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,5/27/2011,170,391,2,7,7>Bring a napkin. It's gunna get messy.I swung by the Smack Shack to try a lobster roll. It took about 5 minutes, and I received my sandwich to go. Here is where I made the fatal error. I tried to eat this thing in my car. My poor black hoodie became desperately dotted with lobster roll juice. The chef here does not skimp on the lobster. The sandwich is full of these sweet hunks of lobster and balanced out with diced pickled cucumbers. I think. I kind of scarfed it down a little too quickly to over analyze it. And that bread.. oh my. Just all around delicious. I spent $9.50, and I was 100% satisfied.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/26/2011,61,275,2,4,6>Seriously delicious.Who knew ramen noodles taste good?  I guess when you don't buy them for 20 cents for a brick of dried noodles and a packet of msg, they're totally different.Had the seaweed salad, the signature masu roll, the sweet corn robata, the miso ramen and the pork belly ramen.  All were delicious though the masu roll stole the show.  For dessert we had the coconut rice pudding and the japanese pancakes.  The rice pudding was superb, not too sweet, not too rich, perfectly coconutty.  I wasn't a fan of the fried banana "sticks" that it came with--they just tasted like general fried food--but the rest was great.  I only had a little bite of the Japanese pancakes but the homemade caramel sauce was phenomenal.  Drinks were also a hit.  I had The Tragic Story Of A Misspent Youth (that's not actually what it was called....but it was something like that) which was a fantastic gin & tonic and a Gozillialita (or something like that) which was my favorite margarita ever.  Ever.And even though it was opening night service was spot on.I had dinner there a few hours ago, but I've already open tabled another reservation.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,5/25/2011,96,183,5,5,5>I have been going to the Minneapolis Institute of Arts since I was a kid. It is the perfect place to wander around in the dead of winter or seek shelter from the heat and humidity of a summer day. And the great thing is it's free too, besides the special exhibitions they hold. I love the range of eras they have, especially the Asian and early American pieces. Besides the art inside the building, the space is something to take in as well. The open areas, more hidden stair cases, and open atrium. The pieces are more familiar for me but I still enjoy wandering the halls and taking in the culture.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,5/24/2011,75,71,8,2,2>Why are the Twin Cities trying to make me obese? Not  hefty, not pleasantly plump, just straight too big to fit through the (blue) door fat!The Blue Door has a great atmosphere! The restaurant was extremely busy, but the staff was in control, attentive and friendly! The Chalkboard paint used on the walls created hilarious drunken conversation, and the food was so greasy and delicious you were able to sober up before heading out the door.I had the privilege of eating "The Lumber Jack", which was the special burger of the day. This delicious sandwich came infused with Gouda and bacon topped with maple syrup. After eating this special god's gift to mankind it made me wonder, why can't more foods be covered in maple syrup? The burgers at the Blue Door are so large a knife needed to get involved! I cut my Lumber Jack in half with hopes of having the self-control to take home leftovers, but none of that burger made it to my house. Here is my ONLY cautionary tale about the Blue Door Pub, well OK two. This place gets really busy, so either go for early dinner or late dinner. Showing up at 5pm expecting to get seated right away is not going to happen. Second word of advice, you might feel better after your meal if you are wearing sweatpants.I look forward to making my way back to the Blue Door, but only after three or four 5k runs!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,5/23/2011,95,174,,8,5>On the recommendation of my good friend Rachel W., I visited The Herb Box today (Thursday) over the lunch hour with my dad, who works in Eden Prairie.  Rachel wasn't kidding around: this place serves out some wicked dishes.  I ordered the Rosemary Steak Ciabatta sandwich.  The steak is cooked to order, and mine was a marvelously tender medium rare.  The ciabatta bun was fresh and a perfect complement to the sandwich.  The white cheddar and caramelized onion were perfect - they added to the overall flavor of the sandwich without taking away from the star of the show, the steak.  So good.  And the sweet potato chips were fried to perfection...and while fried, they weren't at all heavy.My dad had the Turkey Avocado Wrap, w/ local greens, pepperoncini, tomato, bacon, and jack - he was definitely a fan.  Plus, the portion sizes were solid - plenty to fill me up, even though I was really hungry walking in (and filling me up is an accomplishment in and of itself).Our server was a young man named John - a ton of personality and great service.  We will be back!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,5/22/2011,95,217,3,3,3>Scene opens: Elizabeth S. and her companion are driving around after a hearty breakfast'What do you want to do, Elizabeth?''There's something I want to do, but it's too nerdy.''Hey, you're talking to a nerd! Let's do this nerdy thing.""I want to go try on glasses.""..."This is the kind of person I am. I love trying on strange frames even when I'm not looking to buy. Spectacle Shoppe is the most entertaining place to do this! I've driven by the West St. Paul location many times and finally visited. The vintage selection is full of surprises and browsers are welcome to try on anything. I don't want to give the impression that SS only sells off-beat styles. They carry quite a few perfectly normal brands (not that I'm into that) and I especially liked the Tom Ford frames. I think I said "Yikes!" out loud when I saw the $430 price tag on one of those, but the price range in general extends reasonably low as well. The staff couldn't be any more friendly. When I started asking about insurance, and whether mine would work, two employees were working together to help me figure it all out. They gave me an estimate on what lenses would cost out-of-pocket and advised me as to how I could get the best deal for the particular frames I wanted.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,5/21/2011,82,194,,2,5>What a great little spot in the midtown global market!  They have a cute little Italian style area to sit and eat, complete with red checkered table cloths and wine bottle melty candles too.The garlic chicken pizza was creamy and had the perfect thin crust.  I've also tried their Chicago dog and it was pretty authentic even if it's not the 1st thing you think of at an Italian place. The Italian hoagie was amazing with 3 different types of fresh deli meat and on fresh baked bread to die for.Last week when I was sick, I ate here 3 days in a row just having only soup. The creamy tomato was so soothing but the minestrone was my fave and I think helped me feel better sooner. The soup comes with this great crunchy bread that I couldn't get enough of. The owner was so nice and felt so bad for me being sick he gave me a free bonus get well soup!BTW, they won the global chili cook-off this year with their white bean chicken chili, which I hope they'll put on the menu one day.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,5/20/2011,54,186,4,4,5>Oh boy.  I am going to have to exercise self control when passing this place, which unfortunately will be everyday, at least through summer.   Chilly Billy's just opened, and I've been there twice already.  There are 10 flavors of frozen yogurt, which you can mix and match (you can also sample them!).  After loading up on yogurt, there are about 3 dozen topping choices, ranging from fresh pineapple to fruity pebbles to snickers bar pieces.  What's nice is that you can put as little or as much on as you want, and pay by the ounce.    The owner has been there both times I've visited so far, and I've chit chatted with him a little.  The rest of the staff is very friendly, and the atmosphere is fun, which it should be!  I hope they add white chocolate chips and waffle cone pieces to the toppings bar though :)
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,5/19/2011,82,170,2,3,2>I've been wanting to try this place and was staying downtown. Since I was close by I walked over here for breakfast . Based on all the reviews I knew I HAD to try the "lemon ricotta hotcakes". Yes...they do kind of sound unique but let me tell "are they ever good". I was so glad that when our waitress brought them out to our table she told me that I should try a taste before I put any syrup on. (Guess it says this on the menu too). I took one bite and they are SO moist. The serving has 3 large hotcakes and comes with a few berries on top. Can I repeat the part about the berries because that's probably the only healthy part. My husband had the huevos rancheros. Also delicious and very filling so have a hearty appetite for that one. This place is a lot bigger that you'd expect. Gothic theme and good service with large portions. It was a great experience and would love to come back and try it for lunch or dinner. I found out they also have a happy hour that runs 7 days a week (3 to 6 pm). Sunday (happy hour runs all night long) and might be the best day to come back. They have a "weekend brunch" and live music on Saturday and Sundays (10 am- 1 pm).
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,5/18/2011,87,349,2,2,3>I stopped by Scusi on Saturday night for dinner with my family and we loved it! First of all, the space is so warm and cozy, and you can smell all of the delicious food coming from the kitchen. They serve there food a little different from most restaurants. They encourage you to order dishes to share because the food will come out as it is ready, not all at once. One thing I need to mention is that the portion sizes are a little on the small side, so definitely order at least one entree per person.We tried a lot of the dishes on the menu including the orchiette, lasagna, eggplant parm, shrimp ravioli, and the margarita pizza. My favorite dishes were the lasagna and the ravioli. The lasagna had wonderful, rich flavor and tons of vegetables. I could definitely eat a whole piece by myself. The shrimp ravioli was a unique dish unlike anything I've had  before. The filling had a unique texture from the ground shrimp and the vodka rose sauce was to die for. The orchiette is another solid dish with a bit of a kick to it from the crushed red pepper flake. It's served in a creamy wine sauce with chunks of asparagus.Make sure to save room for dessert. We were able to sample all of the items on the dessert menu: apple spice cake, chocolate cake, tiramisu and Izzy's ice cream with an amaretti cookie. We also got a special dessert that wasn't on the menu: zeppoli with whipped cream, dried cherries and chocolate sauce. My favorite desserts were the apple spice cake and the zeppoli. The spice cake was excellent and moist with the perfect hint of spice and chunks of apple. Plus, it came with a side of delicious Izzy's vanilla bean ice cream. My only suggestion would be to add more caramel sauce. I also loved the zeppoli, which are like Italian donuts, and I don't even like donuts! The fried dough was crunchy on the outside with a cinnamon-sugar crust and soft and doughy on the inside. They were perfect and served nice and hot. I also really liked the dried cherry sauce that came with the donuts.The service was awesome, and I can't wait to go back for more!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,2/23/2011,20,39,2,3,3>Overjoyed by Stevie Wonder can fully capture my love of the breakfast experience at Bon Vie. My sista and meself came for breakfast around 10am on a Saturday. I was a bit skeptical because of the mixed reviews and almost didn't end up coming because of some of the negative reviews. The place was incredible busy but we were seated right away. It's really cute inside with black and white picture of Paris. Oh Paris i do miss you. Yes I realize there are things on the menu you would never find in Paris but what we got was so damn good. I ordered a cup of coffee and the Mexican Omelet. My sister got Earl Grey tea with ze French Toast. I was impressed that they even had a tea menu. When my sister's tea came out our waitress brought one of those sand timers to let us know when the tea was fully steeped. So darn cute.The food came out fairly quickly despite the crazy business of the place. The Mexican omelet was so flavorful. The chorizo inside had the right level of spice to it cuz I love the spicy food. The sour cream with a sprinkle of green onions perfectly complemented the chorizo.  I should not have finished the whole thing because it was a lot but just could not stop. It was just too good to practice any kind of food restraint.I had to help my sister out with her French Toast. Sooo very good too. Topped with blueberries and whipped cream. It came with apple-wood smoked bacon which was done perfectly. I never allow myself to eat bacon but man i am glad I allowed myself on this occasion.Drool city.Just as I was getting to the bottom of my coffee and thinking-I might have to knock off one star because the waitress never asked me for a refill-our waitress comes over and pours me a fresh cup. Great timing. Yet another reason why this area of St.Paul will see my face again. Need to try their hashbrowns next visit. They looked really exquisite;an entire plateful of perfectly golden hash browns.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,2/22/2011,128,296,4,7,6>Sakes alive, I think I just died and went to pancake heaven!It's been awhile since my first visit to Mill City.  It was summer.  There was a patio.  The sun was shining.  Birds were chirping.  The giant jackelope was jackeloping.  There was no snow.  There was no ice.  It wasn't December.  *sigh*Anyway, I tried the cinnamon wild rice pancakes based solely on the recommendations from other Yelpers and yowza!  Every bite was different because of all the fresh fruit and nuts mixed into the batter and I can't even begin to explain how much delicious fun they were to eat.  And to be perfectly honest, I enjoyed my first visit so much that I came back the following day just to try the quiche and under normal circumstances me and quiche don't see eye to eye.  But the quiche master at Mill City must know secrets about quiche-making that are beyond the ken and abilities of my friends and relatives who have attempted them because unlike most quiches I've met this one was light, fluffy and out-frickin-standing!The roasted potatoes that came on the side set me on the path of a torrid affair with roasted rosemary-flavored vegetables that has lasted for several months now.  I don't see it ending any time soon.  (Unrelated note but this recipe is amazing: simplyrecipes.com/recipe…)  Getting to the restaurant was an experience.  Talk about off the beaten path.  If you don't live in the neighborhood, look up directions before you leave the house and try to quell any rising doubts that surface that you're lost as you find yourself in a residential neighborhood.  Mill City Café is a hidden treasure that is well worth the hunt.  I think it's high time I made a return visit to try the Ecuadorian Egg Bake because I need a little spice right now!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,2/21/2011,75,71,5,3,3>I went here with a friend last Friday and before we ordered she looked in my eyes and said "I think I should order two". She had been to Matt's before and knew things I could have only dreamed about. At the time I thought she was mad, but after I took my first bite of this sandwich the city calls "Jucy Lucy" I understood that one just isn't enough. I moved here from Philadelphia recently and I am unsure of what is wrong with the entire city of Philadelphia that NO ONE has ever thought to inject cheese into a burger. I questioned my own intelligence, why had I never thought of this before?but let's get back to business, The grill that this burger came off of gave my sandwich a taste of the thousand burgers that had come before it. This is in part that the grill Matt's uses is probably a surplus grill off of a WWII navy submarine. The lighting is very dim, because if you turned on an overheard light you would be afraid to walk in the place let alone eat there. The staff's service, wait what service? In the face of all of this... The sandwich is that good, that I went back two days later. Also the fries were, to use a term I have grown fond of, Bangin'. There is only one thing that could have made this a better experience, just one simple thing.... Bacon. Seriously, not having  bacon on this burger seems like a missed opportunity. Also if you are planning to go to Matt's with a group, get there early. Otherwise you will be waiting in an uncomfortable line of hungry people.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/20/2011,48,113,12,7,5>It's a burger joint.  They don't have arugula, and they don't have vegan foie gras, so get over it.  It's not a violation of your human rights.  They have good cheap burgers, better malts, and outstanding fries.  Go there in the summer and snag an clear sightline all the way to the downtown skyline, from the enormous patio.  You can add an inch to your and your date's waistlines here for less than $30, which is pretty cool.I have fond memories of the place, from a summer waiting tables circa 1996 when I was an undergrad.  Service is still from a bunch of fresh-faced undergrads who've never waited tables before.  Don't be a jerk - it's only dinner, and you're not paying much for it.  If you need to be a jerk, go downstairs to the Pasta Bar, and they'll slap you into line.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/19/2011,87,349,3,4,3>Stopped by Chocolat Celeste last night for their open house at their new location. My  husband is a chocoholic and he introduced me to truffles. He had been going to Chocolat Celeste for years and is a big fan of their Celestial Sweetie truffle.While I don't consider myself a true chocolate lover, I can still appreciate the truffles at Chocolat Celeste. Each truffle is homemade and always perfectly rich and creamy. I love trying new flavors to discover which ones I like best. At the open house last night, there was wine from Alexis Bailey vineyard as well as delcious turtles and flourless chocolate whiskey cake from Chocolat Celeste. As long as they are open, I know we will keep coming back to fill my husband's chocolate craving.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,2/18/2011,21,57,2,5,4>Wandering through this store always gets my imagination flowing. I get visions of how I want to decorate my home some day, and I dream up back stories of where my most favorite items may have come from. I think it would be amazing to clear out space in here and have a small wedding under all the beautiful lights. It would be hard to do though because it is filled to the brim with awesome treasures.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,2/16/2011,96,183,5,4,6>I've been coming here since I was a little kid with my family, such amazing pizza and great atmosphere. The location on the southern side of Lake Nokomis makes it a destination spot after a long stroll or a sun filled afternoon at the beach. The cozy space and murals on the wall give it a family owned restaurant feel. The pizza is delicious though the clam topped Pizza New Haven did make me a little nauseous after smelling it in leftover form. I truly appreciate how much cheese comes on their pizza cause I love it! So when I order extra cheese it is bordering on obscene. If you prefer Punch Pizza (the Neapolitan style) this may not be your cup of tea. I would recommend the Linguine with Clam Sauce, the red sauce had a little spicy kick to it, or build your own pizza. Also, remember to save yourself some room for Gelato for dessert, it's a must have- or at least try some flavors on your way out.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,2/15/2011,214,246,10,9,6>The reasons I enjoy Uncle Franky's seem endless, but I'll do my best to articulate them: 1.) The Scooby Doo shrine reminds me of the happy years of childhood, and I've never seen anyplace else so committed to decor that isn't considered hip or trendy, but has the "I like Scooby Doo so I'm plastering my joint with him and if anyone doesn't like it, they don't have to eat here" attitude. 2.) The grey-haired guy that walks around like he owns the place (because he probably does) is not Minnesota nice as one person put it, and it provides a lot of entertainment for me when I eat here.  The first time I visited, I walked in with 3 other people, and as we were looking up to view the menu he just starts talking to us and asking us what we wanted to drink. He then proceeded to start pouring random fountain pops and water--Seemingly he was trying to offer us free pops with our meal if we ever got around to ordering.  I had eaten at the Uncle Franky's stand at Home Depot at the Quarry before, so I pretty much knew what I wanted when we arrived...so I walked up to order from the grey-haired smart ass and when I asked for both a Chicago dog and an Italian beef sandwich AND fries, he really gave me some flack.  He asked who all the food was for, and when I said me, he said there was no way I would be able to finish it and then gave me a deal of an even $10 for it all (including the drink, which he never rung up). He then bet me that I wouldn't be able to finish everything, but if I did he said he would give me my $10 back. It was sure a lot harder than I thought it would be, but somehow I managed to power through it and keep my stomach from exploding and when I showed him my empty baskets, he kept his word by giving me a $10 gift certificate for our next visit!  My boyfriend chatted with him a bit about Chicago, and discovered that he's the real deal--I love Chicago and the attitude that is often dished out there at their establishments (a la Ed Debevik's), so this guy really is the cherry on top of the sundae that is Uncle Franky's. 3.) Wow, I just realized I'm 2 points in and I haven't even mentioned food other than the fact that I stuffed my face with it. So the food is AWESOME!  They serve real Vienna beef dogs and italian beef, and if you've read any of my other hot dog joint posts you know that I don't think anything compares to a Vienna.  But I have visited some other places here in Minneapolis that serve Viennas that don't prepare them quite as well as Uncle Franky's.  If you're looking to experience a real bite of Chicago around here, this is the place to go.  4.) Family Photo Days--they're advertised on the wall behind the counter, and we happened to stumble upon one on my second visit.  This guy came up and took a picture of me and my boyfriend and then came back shortly after with 2 pics w/ magnets on the back and Uncle Franky's logos in the corner.  They have a tall metal tower that you can post your photos on and still have one to take home as a souvenir.  I have no idea who the guy is that takes the pictures, but it's a really cool idea!  I think they're typically on Saturdays and it seems like they have them once a month or so. 5.) What a steal!  I already mentioned the deal I was given for all the food I ordered, but he gave most of our group free pops as well.  Even if you pay the listed price though, this place is well-priced.  It's not as cheap as The Wienery, but the experience is completely different...not to mention the portions seem bigger.  It definitely beats Chris & Rob's for value.  I ordered the same thing there that I got at Uncle Franky's and had no problem finishing it, and my wallet was a little lighter after.  So...all around I would give Uncle Franky's 5 stars: Value, Quality, Atmosphere, Character, Service, and Extras.  Check it out!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,2/14/2011,63,127,8,4,3>Why is it that when I read the reviews for Pierre's Bistro, I hear myself using a pretty cheesy French accent?  Oh la la! Maybe it's because I'm snotty with my French cuisine... all because I was born there (shoulder double-brush with my hand).Since I'm so snotty, please order the baked brie.  Yum!  Pretty sure that was the best baked brie to date.  And yah, yah, yah, I know, paella isn't really from the French, but order that too.  Yes, it was a special, but it sounds like they have that quiet often. The service was a tad bit slow for my taste, but the waiter excused that he was putting out fires.  Not sure you want to admit this at a restaurant.  And parking is available on the side of the building.  By the end of the night, I sounded like Joey Tribianni (from the one where Joey tries to speak French).Phoebe: Je m'appelle Claude.Joey: Je depli mblue.Phoebe: Uh. It's not... quite what I'm saying. Joey: Really? It sounds exactly the same to me.Phoebe: It does, really?Joey: Yeah.Phoebe: All right, let just try it again. Really listen.Joey: Got it.Phoebe: (slowly) Je m'appelle Claude.Joey: Je te flouppe Fli.Phoebe: Oh, mon Dieu!Joey: Oh, de fuff!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,2/13/2011,108,154,7,3,4>Trendy, chic, and adorable bakery? Check.  Looking for a divine dessert to impress friends, that tastes wonderful to boot? Triple check. I recently had the "Patty Cake" (yes, a patty cake really DOES exist!) and oh my goodness it was incredible!  This is the owner Patty's secret recipe that she loves, and now I understand why.  It has white frosting and is a chocolate cake.  It overall looks like a normal cake before you taste it.  However, we took it to go, and it was scrumptious and SO moist hours laters!  It reminded me of those delectable Matilda cakes, and you always wondered why they were so good?  Must've been a patty cake.I have truly found the cake that I can't wait to go back and eat again and again.  Now, when I tell someone "I love you like a fat kid loves cake", we will all know what cake I'm taking about.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,9/11/2011,15,56,,5,2>Sunshine Pizza is goooooooood! With no expectations, we ordered a pizza tonight and to our surprise dinner was high-quality gourmet!We tried the roasted vegetable and sausage and you could taste and see the quality, especially the fire roasted red peppers and fresh herbs sprinkled on top. The thin crust was excellent. Their store front is very unassuming and basically unotable, but Sunshine Pizza rivals front runners like Punch for sure. This is our new neighborhood pizza go-to.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,9/10/2011,16,77,8,4,3>Cheapest dinner in all of Minneapolis: 2 chicken con tomate tostadas.  $2.13.I had this meal two weeks ago and I've had it three times since.  One plus three equals four.  You do realize, dear yelper, that this means I'm averaging 1 chicken tostada every 3.5 days?  PROS: The prices are drrrt cheap, there's always parking, and you get a pretty decently authentic Mexican taco/corn on the cob/chicken tostada experience.  Also, I like the cutie pie girl behind the counter and how you say #2 to the cook and he always has to look at his cheat sheet.  He reminds me that we're all human.CONS:  I ordered the carnitas taco once and it was sort of slimey.  Also, last time we went my boyfriend swore he would  never go again because his burrito was overloaded with rice.  (The great thing about this is - both of these problems have solutions!  1.  Don't order carnitas tacos here and 2. Why are you putting rice in your damn burrito anyway?  You're wrapping carbs with carbs, people!)  And in any case, remember how you get a meal for two dollars?!  I hereby revoke the label CONS and invoke the label THINGS YOU'RE GOING TO THINK ABOUT IF YOU HATE LIFE.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,9/9/2011,102,126,2,5,5>Ok, so I've read a few reviews that talk about how pricey this place is, but it must depend on what you get because I think the grilled shrimp salad for $4.95 is a STEAL.  It's nothing fancy, but it so hits the spot on a hot summer day.The small waffle fries for $2.95 are also quite delish.  Go, snag a table, get sunburnt, eat a taco and soak in the blink-and-you'll-miss-it Minnesota summer.  Bonus points for GREAT people/dog watching.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,9/8/2011,15,75,6,2,1>Still good. Came here last Saturday after a long day. There were four in our party, we had to wait about 15 minutes to get a table at around 6pm. That's not bad considering it was very busy. While we were waiting Tony asked if they could get some pizzas started for us. We took him up on that. The four of us ordered a large Flavor Explosion and a large pineapple, black olive, and sausage. I stuck with the Flavor Explosion. Once again the pizzas were hot, loaded with cheese and delicious. We had a ton of leftovers. Take note- Mama's is also good to eat cold standing in front of the refrigerator before getting dressed.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,9/7/2011,109,121,4,3,7>Yum.  Yum.  Yum.During my daily Minneapolis travels - I have been on the lookout for the Chef Shack all-summer-long...and finally we recently crossed paths at an event at the Surly Brewery. Yum.  Yum.  Yum. I had a chance to sample a few of their delicious items.  Mini-donuts: yum.  Bacon Beer Brat: yum.  Vegan Brat: YUM!  Homemade hot sauce: SUPER YUM (and super hot, by the way).Yum.  Yum.  Yum.The prices for everything seemed fair.  The food menu was creative & so very tasty.  The service was quite friendly.  There was a good variety of assorted condiments (always a plus).  All-in-all...I was quite impressed with everything...and I can't wait to cross paths with the Chef Shack again...Yum.  Yum.  Yum.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,9/6/2011,42,108,3,4,3>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this joint before.  Well, I'll make up for it now!I will start by saying that I loved the old Suzi's spot and was highly skeptical of their move.  Man, I was dead wrong.  The new space is AMAZING!  It's huge and they did an excellent job with the tiki decor.  They added some new drinks to the menu too, which was a fun surprise.  Their drinks rock as do their tots!  They also have some of the best pizza in town. Suzi's is a great place to take out-of-towners.  It's a regular stop on my Mpls tour for outsiders.  It's also a good place for momentous drinking events like birthdays, anniversaries, holidays, Tuesdays, whatever.  LOVE.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,9/5/2011,151,116,2,11,3>Okay, I went back and I now officially love this little gem.  I mentioned Yelp again and got the 20% off of my full-set manicure with french tips and my pedicure.  My total came up at $44, pretty fricken sweet if you ask me.  Plus they gave me a Diet Coke with lime while I waited for my nails to dry just because it was hot and they are the best.The ladies were so nice the entire time and I was really relaxed.  The girl who did my nails took her time to make sure they looked perfect.  I also was going to get a plain old french but she suggested I get pink tips instead of white to match my pedicure and I have gotten SO many compliments on them since!  Seriously, go.  If you need a little me time or your nails or toes look a little haggard call them immediately and then head on over.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,9/4/2011,38,64,3,6,2>Yes, those sandwiches are freakin' wonderful, but you know what's even more wonderful? The meat.  We've had nothing but wonderful products from Clancey's.  As the man and I are both big into cooking, it doesn't get any better than swinging into Clancey's, asking for a cut of meat, and them responding with a, "Oh yes, we have that, but the (insert animal here) just came in this morning so we'll have to cut (insert cut of meat here) fresh for you."  Uhm, yes please!  We've gotten beef short ribs to braise, leg of lamb to stud with garlic for Easter, and most recently, a delicious pork shoulder, casings and a thick cut of back fat to make sweet Italian sausage with.  They also have some great frozen items like duck fat (make-your-own duck confit anyone?) as well as a variety of house made stocks and even veal glace! Every time we've gone into the shop, the man friend eyes glaze over and I practically have to drag him out of the shop with a bag of various meat products! Oh, and yes, the meat is expensive, but so worth it.  They are sourcing from local farms, the animals are all pasture-raised and they do whole-animal butchering on site.  Any one who works there is more than happy to tell you all about the farms and how the animals are raised - now that's what I call transparency! So, in summary, come for the sandwiches, stay for the meat.  All of the people that work there are genuinely helpful and excited about what they do. It doesn't get any better than that!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,9/3/2011,84,289,6,3,5>If you've ever wondered why you choose to suffer through a Minnesota winter, places like the Happy Gnome are a great reminder.I want to say, first and foremost, the Happy Gnome is a beer lovers bar. They have a huge selection, and many special events centered on great beers.But are they primarily a beer lovers bar? Because the menu shows far more effort than a beer lovers bar calls for. On my most recent visit, I was only given a food menu on being seated. The beer menu came later, almost an afterthought.The food menu, like the beer menu, is a challenge to one's decision making abilities. Everything looks good!On this visit, we started with the crab trio appetizer (excellent, especially the crabcake, even if it seemed more like a crab duo dish). Then I had the MN Game Burger, while my special lady had the Veggie "Lucy".The MN Game Burger is just a damn good burger. Enough said. The Veggie Lucy was a different beast. My GF was intrigued by a vegetarian version of the cheesy goodness she has heard so much about. Meanwhile, I have had many Lucy's but am not particularly a fan of them (at least no more than a good ol' cheeseburger). Decision? My girlfriend enjoyed it well enough. It had vegetables, it had cheese, it was tasty. Fair enough. I was a little more negative, having had real Lucy's and not finding the sandwich either a good replication of a Lucy nor particularly impressive on it's own merits. Imagine a fillet of fish stuffed with zuchinni and cheese instead of fish. Still, here's your summary: veggie Jucy Lucy is less than a Jucy Lucy is less than a good cheeseburger.Look at me, talking about food when I said the Gnome is primarily a beer bar. I had some great beers there. Sure, it was Craft Brewers Week, but that doesn't matter. The Gnome always had great beer, more than you could drink in a week of dedicated beer drinking. But maybe you're really weird. Maybe you don't care about beer, or food. What does the Gnome have for you? How about a lovely patio, absolutely perfect on a spring afternoon or a summer evening? The Happy Gnome is a real treat. Can I find fault? Could I knit-pick the service (little lackadaisical, on my most recent visit) or the prices (they are a little on the high side)? Sure. But you'd be trying too hard. It's a wonderful place, and if you can you should take advantage of it.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,9/2/2011,240,322,3,9,5>A bright, fresh light-filled space awaits you at Mill Valley Kitchen. A friend who went there ahead of me said she just wanted to keep on taking pictures. Service is warm, friendly. Servers are informative and the menu has a variety of choices with a focus on house-made. The chef Michael Rakun is committed to local, seasonal produce and inspired by the cuisine of North California. The menu had some very interesting non-alcoholic drinks; I tried the RX with coconut water and kombucha - it was refreshing. We got edamame from the appetizer menu and it was served piping hot. We reauested a dipping sauce and got this citrus soy sesame sauce that was fantastic. My mushroom burger was not what I expected for texture. It was a lot softer and once I started eating it grew on me and I found it very tasty. My partner ordered a banh mi and liked that a lot. Both sandwiches/burgers came with a mixed greens salad.I can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,2/26/2009,19,128,9,11,11>Twas two months before ChristmasAnd all through The CitiesNot a station was carolingExcept one, WLTE.They seem to start earlierEach and every year.Just like the retailersBut it brings holiday cheer.I never tune inUntil the turkey is gone.And hope that fluffy snowhas covered the ground.It's then that Christmas spiritReally fills the airAnd electricity aboundsLike at the State Fair.The Carpenters, Bing CrosbyNat King Cole, and Burl IvesChristmas songs 24/7To brighten our lives.As Christmas Day passesand the season comes to a closeLight rock they will playAs every one knows.But for about 100 daysThey seem to imply"Happy Holidays to allAnd to all a good night!"
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,2/25/2009,89,97,25,9,8>Oh how I love you Double Deuce.  A cozy little boobie bar nestled in the neighborhoods of Nordeast.  You know it's high class when the strippers have to go put quarters in the juke box before getting on stage.  The mix of patrons at this bar is worth the trip alone.  I've seen better looking girls shaking their shit in public, but with no cover and reasonably priced drinks in comparison to other ta ta taverns, this place is a gem.  One thing I've learned on my visits to this place, specifically sniffers row, is that it doesn't matter if you give them one dollar or five, you still get the same treatment.  Took me several studies to find this one out.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,2/24/2009,65,311,5,6,6>Arguing about the best ice cream place is a bit easier than arguing about the best flavors.  Izzy's does its best to make this process a know-brainer.While my all-time favorite ice cream flavor is Sebastian Joe's Coffee Oreo ice cream (special order), Izzy's takes the crown as the best ice cream shop offering the clever Izzy scoop.  If you haven't tried it, you pick your "base" flavor, a normal scoop, and then pick another flavor, a smaller scoop, that goes on top.  The other night I enjoyed Peace coffee as my base flavor and an Izzy scoop of salted caramel.  And the inevitable happens:  You wish your Izzy scoop was your base scoop.  We all want what we can't have and the smaller scoop of a contrasting ice cream makes this a winner.The combinations are endless and Izzy's is holding their 8th annual People's Flavor awards where you submit your flavor, finalists are selected, and people vote for the winner.  Check it out at izzysicecream.com/flavor…
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/23/2009,949,964,8,11,9>Places like this define the TC on the high end. The aesthetics alone are worth coming here. The layout is beautiful. The music is actually coming from a turntable playing LP's. Whatever it was, it fit. I was here for happy hour. I got the cheapest thing I could find. For $5 was the most delicious combination of fresh spinach (cooked), feta cheese, topped with a beautiful fried egg. I'm not kidding, this egg was beautiful. Great service, I sat by the window for 2 hours waiting for the yelp event. I was given a free refill of coke while I waited. Even this was notable. It was a large glass, and actually sweeter than most. Of course the bathrooms are nice. The place started filling up, so I didn't want to over stay my welcome, though no one complained. Class plus!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,2/22/2009,123,249,4,5,6>I LOVE Patina!  I wanted to buy out the whole place and to decorate my house with everything in this store.  They have very cute jewelry too and a lot to choose from!  The prices are surprisingly good as well.  One of my favorite pairs of earrings is from here.You can easily spend a lot of time and money here.  If someone doesn't know what to get me, I'll just tell them to go to Patina.  It's the perfect place to come for gifts.  They have cute, lovely, and unique things for every budget.This store is very well put together and appealing.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/21/2009,165,364,6,12,3>Yes it is hella expensive to get a manicure here.  But the manicures are expert and nothing like any of the nail-polish thinning salons abound in Minneapolis.  Lori is the best! Really friendly and easy to talk to and really interesting. She also is an expert manicurist. I usually get my nails done in NY because it's actually cheaper and better there, but Lori would certainly hold her own in NYC.My nails always look horrible because of the dry air in Minneapolis and this is the only place in Minneapolis where my manicures last.  I'm always embarrassed when I come in from another salon...it's so obvious that Revamp is better and it kind of feels like cheating on your stylist and needing them to dye your hair back.The atmosphere is trendy and relaxing and I always leave with super soft and smooth hands.  Plus, I love that my manicures here actually help prevent breakage.  Oh yes, and no waiting for your nails to dry under the machine. Lori puts on a special finishing that dries them right up! No nicks to worry about then!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,2/20/2009,65,99,5,6,7>First Elite event for me! I met a few of you but didn't recognize most...*sorry* I was the one guarding the food table and I'm not ashamed. The food was fabulous and my wine was nicely dry. Next time I promise not to be so shy and we'll get to be friends. Promise!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,2/19/2009,85,28,2,6,6>While I'm all for equality and a smaller gap between rich and poor, I have to say that I support the two separate classes of pizza in this town: There's the Punch class -- refined, delicate, upper-class, if you will. Then there's the Uptown Pizza class -- quick, dirty, greasy, inhale-me-when-you're-drunk sort of pizza. Perhaps this is one instance where separate but equal is not only acceptable, but desirable.Black Sheep Pizza is in that upper class. Those meatballs! And that crust! And all for a very reasonable price.... Punch and Pizza Nea: Watch your backs. There's a new dandy in town.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2009,2/18/2009,42,108,3,6,5>This is my favorite liquor store in town for a number of reasons.  First, the proximity to True Thai automatically awards Zips points.  Second, their beer selection can't be beat - they have so many unique beers that it makes deciding what to take home no easy feat.  Last, there service is impeccable.  All of the employees know their sh*t and have wonderful suggestions on liquor, wine and beer.  Of course, the abundance of cute boys who work there doesn't hurt either!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,2/17/2009,84,289,5,8,8>By far, my favorite Yelp Social.Good wine, good friends and excellent food to in a wonderfully intimate space. What more can you ask for?It was a "Mediterranean evening". I don't know if their menu is always geared that way, but I certainly hope it tends to. It's a wonderful way to socialize; I can see this being a great place to have a long, lazy evening full of good wine and small plates.I also learned something this evening. The Armatage Room and it's sister restaurant, Cafe Maude, were named for the first woman elected to office in Minnesota, Maude Armatage. She was, as the owner explained, instrumental in creating Minneapolis' excellent park system.As if the food and drink were not enough, I was heartened to learn the place is run by passionate, civic minded locals who care about what they do and their community in large. All in all, a real class act.I can't wait to return.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,3/17/2011,24,156,3,5,6>There seems to be a special going on at all times at Tracy's Saloon.  What has been labeled as a dive bar in the past, now deserves bragging rights in regard to their food and drink prices.  From what I hear everything is homemade, such as their condiments and hand-cut fries.  Their juicy lucy's in my opinion are in competition with popular burger joints around town, except Tracy's wins because you can actually get a table.  This is a convenient location for me, both close to work and home.  My favorite special has to be the wooden nickel happy hours.  It's like a punch card that rewards drunken denizens.  With two wooden nickels burning a hole in my pocket, I see myself returning again in the very near future (especially since I was there twice this past weekend).
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,3/16/2011,76,230,1,10,3>First of all, never fire Joshua.  Do whatever it takes to keep him.  I had to reschedule a facial 3 times and Joshua was always extremely nice and polite on the phone, never once getting annoyed that I was calling to reschedule AGAIN.  Strange though, I've never seen him in the salon but still, very pleasant.I've had a haircut and facial at Tease and both have been great.  Rachel was my stylist and she actually asked me questions about my hair, why didn't I like the layers, what was I looking for, etc.  Got home and Hubby said, "it looks exactly the same" which oddly enough is what I was going for so good job!The facial was great.  Stephanie was so relaxing I could have napped.  The table/bed with the heated blanket didn't hurt that either.  Great arm massage during and she and I had a long talk about skin care and a routine but she never really pushed products on me which was really nice.  This was my first facial ever so I don't know how prices compare but I thought it was a little high.  Though, I was in there for an hour so it's probably standard.I like that they gave me a whole coupon book to entice me back.  You've hooked me Tease!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,3/15/2011,42,108,,6,3>Update: Lowbrow has done a great job of improving on the decor and making their space look cheerful and inviting.  Since my original review I have tried the veggie burger, which is good, but I wish a wheat bun was offered.  It would be nice to see some vegetarian/vegan specials to switch it up a bit, but the offerings they do have are great.  Original Review: I went to The Lowbrow for dinner last weekend, and I really enjoyed it.  The space is great, but it needs a little oomph.  There is a cool mural on one wall, but the other walls are blank - hopefully they are planning to hang some art or something in the future.  I was very impressed at the vegan options and vegan awareness of the staff.  I had chips/guac and the southern fried tofu strips.  Both were delicious.  (The veggie burger is also vegan if you hold the gouda, but I haven't tried it yet.  The owner also said you can order a vegan tofu scramble for brunch even though it's not on the menu yet.)   They have a nice beer selection and the service was very friendly.  This place is definitely going into the regular rotation!P.S. Check out their adorable website - especially the bear-head pancake pic on the brunch menu page.  Cuuuute!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,3/14/2011,114,242,4,11,6>Ok I am going to say ... Yes we have one of our cats groomed.   I do know that cats are self cleaning.  But we do have a long haired fluff ball who likes to find the dirtiest part of the basement and well you get the picture.When we first got S (the fluff ball), he was a farm cat.  Hanging out in the barn and chasing critters.   We needed to get him citified in order to meet the madame of the house (T the southern belle kitty).   We called Royal Pet and they were able to get him in on a Monday (we got him on a Sunday).    They did an amazing job.   He got cleaned, blown out and nails trimmed.   He looked fluffy!!Now he has been with us awhile and has found the dirtiest place in the basement.   So we called Royal Pet and again they did a great job.  Even have a card on him and knew what to do.He is clean and fluffy and happily prancing around the house.   We will definitely go back.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,3/13/2011,29,417,4,3,4>Two words - bottomless mimosa.  Two more, chocolate fountain.  The brunch food was incredible.  Much better than the last time I went for brunch (and even then the food was good).  The options were inventive and unique.   Homemade fennel sausage, cheeses, salads and salmon were faves.  The chocolate fountain was a nice touch, too, made an already nice brunch even more fun.  Will for sure be back.  A lot.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,3/12/2011,271,845,,4,4>The world of quality Indian restaurants in the Twin Cities is in flux. Nala Pak, further south on Central Avenue, is now closed (the website says temporarily, until they find a new location); similarly, The Vegetarian, also on Central Avenue, is closed. As such I'm glad that Dosa King has arrived to fill the void.Granted, it's out in the middle of nowhere, but at least it's only a 20 minute drive from Minneapolis proper.We shared a masala dosa ($7.49) which was good, and definitely one of the better dosas I've had in the Twin Cities. For those of you that don't know, dosas are crispy lentil crepes filled with potatoes, onions and spices. It's the quintessential South Indian dish. There aren't many places in the TC that serve it, as it takes some skill and equipment to produce with any quality, so do visit Dosa King for this dish, if nothing else. I think they could have made the dosa crispier, but that's a minor quibble.Like any good South Indian restaurant, Dosa King also has about ten different variations on the dosa, using different crepe ingredients and fillings. They also have rare dishes such as uppma, pongol and avial, which are extremely difficult to find almost anywhere in the US (even a place like Chicago, with a huge Indian population). Props to Dosa King for taking risks with its offerings.We next had an aloo gobi masala ($8.99) which is a standard North Indian curry with potatoes and cauliflower. I thought this dish was okay, but not great. It could have used some peas and fresh, diced tomatoes to give it a bit more life.Their chapati ($2.99) was well-made: soft and warm and it didn't dry-out. Also, they gave us two large individual pieces, which made it easy to share.While they don't have brown rice, they do have a high grade white rice which was excellently prepared: bone-dry, with no kernels sticking together.The service was extremely friendly and helpful. Our waiter inferred we were vegan, without our having to say it, when we asked for dishes without ghee/butter/yogurt/cream (commonplace ingredients in North Indian dishes, and not as common in South Indian). That said, it would be great if Dosa King labeled its vegan options.I wanted to try their gobi manchurian appetizer but, at $8, it was way too expensive, and it was also significantly pricier than any other appetizer on the menu (all of which were in the $4-5 range). If Dosa King added some Indo-Chinese dishes, such as veg. manchurian (not just gobi manchurian), I'd be back in a heartbeat.As it stands, Dosa King is a welcome addition to the Twin Cities. I do wonder, though, why Indian vegetarian restaurants seem to be in a competition to see who could open up in the northernmost location; I mean, Spring Lake Park? Dosa King's biggest problem is that it's far from the large vegan/vegetarian population in the Twin Cities. You can tell it will either be a vehicle for cultural shift in that sprawled-out, bleak area, or it will suffer for not catering to the Harley Davidson dealership customers across the street.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,3/11/2011,1,60,13,1,5>"Totally Shish of the Heart", with apologies to Ms. Bonnie Tyler.(Take a right)Every now and then I get a little bit hungry when I'm driving around (Take a right) Every now and then I get a little bit tired of listening to the sound of my stomach (Take a right) Every now and then I get a little bit nervous that the best of all the meals have gone by (Take a right) Every now and then I get a little bit terrified and then I see the list of your sides(Take a right, on Grand) Every now and then I fall apart (Take a right, on Grand) Every now and then I fall apart And I need you now tonight And I need you more than ever And if you'll only take my order I'll be dining in forever And you always make it right Cause you make it all to orderWe can take it to the end of the line Your veggie burger is on my mind all of the time I don't know what to order, it's too hard for some of us Maybe I'll get a salad or an order of hummus I really need you tonight Falafel's gonna get eaten tonight Falafel's gonna get eaten tonight Once upon a time I was falling in love But now I'm only falling apart There's nothing I can do Totally Shish of the heartOnce upon a time there was room in my gutBut then I had carrot cake for dessert Nothing I can say Totally Shish of the heartTotally Shish of the heart
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,3/10/2011,354,223,3,8,7>Open Book is a combination of many things I love and appreciate: design, tall ceilings, art, cheery ambiance, free parking, free Wi-Fi and of course, caffeinated beverages. Besides the aforementioned aspects, I also love that Open Book has a lot of soup and sandwich options. When I go to a coffee shop I tend to stay there for a long time so it's nice to know you can have more than a muffin...(and while we're on the subject, go for the Mediterranean sandwich--especially if you're a feta cheese fanatic). Also, I'm fully aware at how odd this may sound, but I really appreciate a place that has cardamom, cinnamon, etc. at my disposal. I drink my coffee black, but every now and then I like to toss a little cardamom in it to (literally) spice it up!I don't remember the specific hours, but try to go when the Minnesota Center for Book Arts shop is open. I am a sucker for pretty things, school supplies, cards, journals, etc. and they have a ton of options!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/9/2011,170,391,6,6,5>I guess after writing 200 reviews on Yelp it's time for another classy joint. So for Valentine's Day, boy and I headed out to the Oceanaire. We checked our coats, got seated, and the festival of good eats began.There was some special stuff going down for Valentine's Day. Including a menu for those less-fortunate beings who could only eat here on a special occasion. Bargains. And they were passing out fun little amuses, like these tiny pastry cups of shrimp salad. Mmm. Both Joe and I ended up ordering off the Valentine's menu, because it was just too good of a deal to pass up. But since we were already prepared to spend more, we accented our three-course meal with an appetizer of Crab Cake. Which was MOTHER EFFIN' HANDS DOWN the best food ever. Yeah, I went there. That crab cake was just, serious, off the chart ridiculously awesome. We got a first course of Lobster Bisque, which was guzzled. Then for our entrees, I got some great Salmon, and Joe got Barramundi. Barramundi might be my new favorite fish. We switched halfway through. I'm breaking into this review to mention how impressed I was my the amazing service. Our waiter was so knowledgeable, and recommended some oysters that Joe thought were fantastic. I was also stupidly happy about the serve-assistant who takes that little blade and wipes the crumbs off the table after every course. And I swear, my water was never less than half-empty.Back to the food. Let's talk about these hashbrowns. We ordered them, because everyone on this website mentions them in their reviews. We also got them a la Oceanaire or whatevskis, with bacon and onions and extra love. Then we ate them for four days afterward, because they give you six pounds of hashbrowns.After being deathly full of fish and crab and oysters and God knows what else, we got the dessert included in our Valentine's meals. I got Chocolate mousse with strawberries, and Joe got vanilla bean pannacotta. Satisfactory. Dinner was finished with a fun bowl of pink cotton candy, and an intense struggle to stay awake for the 15 minute car ride home. I'm going back for those crab cakes ASAP.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,3/8/2011,95,174,2,6,5>Good Day Cafe is a great spot for a meeting, whether business or personal.  The service we experienced was first-class: both the hostess and our server were warm, attentive, and were genuinely invested in our group enjoying our time at Good Day.My coffee mug was never empty, and that's saying a lot, because I was there for 2 hours.  I do believe I drank 6 cups of coffee...and it was just this morning, so I am still buzzing/shaking/excited about EVERYTHING the world has to offfer today.The food was delightful; my omelette was more than enough to fill me up (and I am known as a big eater).  The potatoes were seasoned to perfection; they were memorable in and of themselves.The setting/ambiance is cozy enough for my liking, especially considering your (potentially) lowered expectations in being next to Highways 394 and 100.  I very much felt like I belonged at Good Day.  This may have been more the result of me being at breakfast with some of my favorite people in the Universe, though.Of note: while the Cafe opens at 6:30 AM, food is not served until 7 AM, and by 8 AM, the place is packed with people.  When we left at 8:15 AM (on a Friday morning), there were about 15 or 20 people waiting for tables.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,4/19/2009,6,17,3,6,4>Didn't know what to think with a name like Senor Wong's, but i was very, very good.  Fusion yes, but not pretentious and not annoying - just really tasty with good help and everything was relaxed!  Kind of like fusion food that happened 'just because and do you like it'...   I did.It also looks like they have a cool bar - we were there for lunch, so I can't fully attest to that one.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/18/2009,102,126,4,5,4>Yay, I am a fan!  It's so nice to have places like this in the burbs...or anywhere for that matter.  Pardon My French is an adorable little french-y cafe / wine bar located in a strip mall in Eagan.  I visited for lunch and while the menu is short and sweet, I think there is something to please most everyone.  If you're a vegetarian your options will be slightly limited (the french seem to eat a lot of pig products) but I saw a yummy looking tomato, mozzarella, basil sandwich on french baguette that would definitely do the trick.  I had the tarte flambe (french pizza) with white cheese, onion & bacon and it was unique and yummy.  I thought it was a touch pricey ($10.50) for what you got, but the $1 insanely amazing homemade french macaroons made up for it.  Note: The menu warns that the tarte flambe takes 25 minutes to prepare and it did take at least that long. They also have a killer case of SINFUL desserts all for around $4.  These babies are genuine works of art and they'll package them up in a little white box to take home to your sweetie.  On a final note...I appreciate the total package and their marketing is great.  Check out their website and you'll see what I mean.  Enjoy!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,4/17/2009,6,30,3,6,5>Reasonable prices, awesome atmosphere. It's a good size but divided up so that it feel nice and intimate. Most of the time we're there there's live music, and we discovered the amazing Kilt Night on Fridays (though we have never shown up in kilts, there are plenty who do!).The waitresses and bartenders are nice, and fast. It's a laid-back atmosphere... not too dive-y but definitely NOT club-y. Clean, dark in a good way, and friendly. Highly recommended!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,4/16/2009,23,227,,9,5>Parkway is a fun place to see a movie.  It's a single screen, an older theatre.  The seats are definitely oldschool, and reminded me of going to class in those super-big auditoriums in college.  They do have a couple leather armchairs up front.The best part is they let you bring in food and drinks!  Anything you purchase at the restaurant next door can be brought into the theater.  I wouldn't try bringing in food (it was a little tight in the seats, not sure where you'd set your entree), but we brought in beer which was superfun.  They also sell beer and wine at the concession stand.Definitely a fun evening - and no previews!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/15/2009,42,213,1,3,4>Until today, I had only experienced their bento boxes, which are tasty and fun to eat (yes, I know that's totally vague and could be applied to many different foods and dining experiences, but just roll with me on this one).But, urged by some friends to experience their lunch Maki Combo, I finally caved and ordered some take-out to enjoy at my desk.  And I must say, Azuki always impresses.  For $8 you can get a Yellowtail and Spicy Tuna Roll (12 pieces total) and your choice of soup or salad.  The Spicy Tuna was great because it has some tempura flakes in the roll giving it a little extra crunch and the top was rolled in a bright red caviar.  The Yellowtail roll was much simpler, but did not disappoint.  Loved the fake grass inside the take-out box (I always get a kick out of it).  Oh, and in case those two rolls aren't your cup of tea, they have two other combos as well - one for $7 and one for $9.Because of how small and crowded Azuki can get inside during lunch, I would definitely recommend the take-out option.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2009,4/14/2009,3,20,11,8,8>Let me first start by mentioning the food here, especially the sushi, is delicious.  No frills, but quality, fresh sushi.  Definitely the best I've experienced in the Twin Cities so far.  Boyfriend, boyfriend's mom, and myself called early evening on Friday asking if they might have any reservations left - and of course, they were full.  We were advised to show up after 8PM for a better chance at a table.  We rolled in around 8:30PM.  The restaurant seemed full, but not packed, and we were the only ones in line for a table.  A disheveled waiter who appeared to be on the brink of a nervous break-down approached us with the news that it could be two hours for a table.  Confused, mostly because there didn't appear to be that many people, we said we'd at least put our names on the list.Not even 10 minutes later, a table opens up.  We happily take it and begin to peruse our menu options.  However, when we tell our waiter we would like to order sushi, again his face begins to pale and he warns us that Sushi could take over an hour.  I'm just curious if any one else finds it as amusing as I did that a sushi restaurant is unable to prepare Sushi on a Friday night....If you went to KFC, and they said, "We have biscuits and coleslaw, but we're out of chicken", wouldn't you think that odd?We decided to take our chances, and while we could never exactly pinpoint why exactly sushi was taking so long, the food was fantastic. So, things to know about Midori's are as follows:1)  Call ahead for reservations, and make sure that they will be serving sushi.  They sometimes don't allow take out for sushi, and even in the restaurant they have some things they won't/can't serve for some reason.2)  Come with a mild tranquilizer for the waiter, and basic knowledge of CPR in case he suffers a stroke.3)  Try to ignore the Andrew Lloyd Weber being pumped through the speakers - it makes no sense, but then, neither does a lot of what goes on there.4)  Regardless of how bizarre your experience at Midori's might be, the food is probably worth it.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2008,4/13/2009,4,42,1,5,4>I wish there were more neighborhood pubs like the Blue Door. Great atmosphere, great food and excellent beer selection. If you are a beer connoisseur, this is the place to be. I was impressed with their selection which included some local favorites like Surly. Yes, they do burgers very well here. Very tasty and creative. I recommend getting the Cajun fries with your burger. They are spiced just right. We also tried the cheese curds and they were excellent. Very crispy but still as greasy as you want them to be. Yes the place is small and can get crowded. But grab a beer at the bar and the wait isn't so bad. The bartender (not to mention the rest of the staff) was very friendly even though it was pretty busy. To me, this is what makes a neighborhood pub so great.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,4/12/2009,29,417,3,5,5>Stopped here because I was craving Jimmy John's, but this one was on the way home. Really, isn't this and Big Mike's, Jimmy Johns, Erbert and Gerberts all the same thing? I'm sure I've just offended a bunch of die hards. My apologies. All I know is if I go to any of those joints and get a #1 with dijon instead of mayo, I'm getting a ham sandwich with provolone, lettuce, tomato and dijon. Anyway, pleasantly surprised with the various bread options, and it seems less expensive than JJ's. Docked a star for terrible layout. You walk in, walk past the "pick up" part of the counter, order, go back toward the pick up part, then back past the order part to exit the place. And, you have to pull the exit door, instead of push. Not very graceful with a bag, chips, sandwich and drink in your hands.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,4/11/2009,13,54,4,11,7>The Front is hands down my favorite place to go dancing in the Twin Cities! NEVER a cover charge, always good music, great people watching, eclectic DJ, music videos playing on the big screen and quick service at the bar. The best part is the lofted area which is perfect for big groups, throwing your coat down, taking a breather on the couch, or grooving your thang in front of the circular window. They recently started taking credit cards which can be a good or bad thing, depending on your situation. For me, it was bad because I ended up buying an extra round of drinks for everyone in my group (and some strangers) on Sat night. Ugh.If you aren't into the downtown scene and still want to do a little dancing--I highly recommend the Front!!!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,4/10/2009,17,6,3,7,5>I like Yum even though I only eat there every few months.  Today on the way home from Costco we dropped by for lunch.  It was nice to see how busy it was - that should mean they should be able to weather the recession!I had a very yummy meatloaf sandwich (came w/ crispy, light kettle chips) while my friend had the chicken pot pie.  The pot pie was more like pot pie filling in a bowl w/ a biscuit on top - not what he was expecting, but he still said it was quite good.It's a nice place to eat in or take out comfort foods with a bit of pizazz at reasonable prices - only 10-20% more than fast food lunch might be...  Good service & good food - I'll be back.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,4/11/2013,97,74,4,5,4>I'm an El Taco Riendo addict, but there's no need for an intervention.As a Northeast resident, I am constantly spoiled by the delicious eats at El Taco Riendo.  I am somewhat a creature of habit and get into food ruts with items I love. At ETR, it's a tinga de pollo or pollo en salsa de tomate tostada loaded with fixings.  One of these bad boys will run you about $2.25 and they're quite filling.  Two and it's a meal!Even though I'm on a chicken kick as of late, the other meats I've had (carnitas, pastor, barbacoa) are top notch - savory, salty, and full of flavor.  If you're in the mood for a boatload of food, try the alambre (plate of destruction) - pastor, green peppers, ham, pineapple, and cheese on top of eight corn tortillas.The atmosphere is inviting, colorful, clean, and full of friendly energy.  I always feel comfortable dining alone, having a nice one-on-one, or bringing a gaggle of friends.  The food is never disappointing and will leave you dreaming of your next visit before you're even out the door.Whenever I'm out and about running errands in Northeast and I start to feel a little hungry, I throw in the towel and head straight for El Taco Riendo.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/10/2013,102,102,4,6,6>Went for brunch. Ordered the Eggs Benedict, which were perfectly cooked and had just a little uniqueness in their flavor with the house addition of Harissa, which set them apart from other Benedicts. The hashbrowns were so-so, a tiiiiiny bit soggy. The Man had The Disaster, which is a big scramble with eggs, sausage, onions, peppers, hasbrowns, and I think the kitchen sink. Every bite was full of flavor and I was a little jealous. The Bloody Mary was fabulous. Spicy enough without me having to add extra Tabasco, and the horseradish infused vodka was welcome in my mouth, stomach, and bloodstream. The place was a little smaller than I was expecting, but they were just busy enough for the space, turning tables quickly enough that no one had to wait. The bar area looks like it could be a fun hang out with a few friends. This neighborhood has been waiting for something like this, and I'm proud to show my East Side Pride here.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/9/2013,2177,528,17,11,12>My poor Emmers! She was looking like quite the mutt recently. We had just moved from Scottsdale, AZ in November and life was definitely hectic. Settling in. The holidays. Waiting for our UHaul pods to arrive. Trying to catch up on Revenge on Netflix...Frankly, my budget was tight and I was more focused on cute winter clothes for me than a good grooming for my best buddy. Looking back, I think they were a few times a caught her doing that "dog stare" (dog owners know this stare)...I'm sure she was thinking "Look bitch! You got your Guess pea coat and your smart little snow boots! What about me?!? All the neighbor dogs are giving me the stink eye!"Sort of like a Gary Larson Far Side cartoon.My sister recommended All 4 Dogs and I'm so glad she did. Staff was great! Facilities were super clean. Priced at $53 I thought it was a little high (throw on a well deserved $10 tip and it comes to $63..."guess I won't be getting me that cashmere scarf I had my I on..."Oh well. She is my best buddy after all. She looked and felt worthy of an entry into the Westminster Dog Show! Her little nubby tail wagging back and forth! And sporting a cute hankie around her neck from All 4 Dogs. Thanks All 4 Dogs. We are two very happy bitches!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/8/2013,27,48,1,5,5>Let's just say if you're in need of a good ass-kicking....get your butt to The Firm. From Circuit Training to Muscle Conditioning, these classes are for real. The gym itself is beautiful and in great condition. All the employees and teachers are incredibly helpful and happy, there's a great vibe to the whole place. The gym members range from young 20 somethings to the most fit 50 year olds you have ever seen but everyone is happy and loves a good workout. It doesn't feel like a Lifetime class where people can get cranky and territorial, The Firm, like I said, just has a good vibe. As far as classes go, if you like high energy/high intensity classes, these are for you. The music is awesome, loud and motivating and the teachers have more energy than I think they know what to do with which only motivates you more. Besides classes there's also crossfit, personal training and a full gym. I have yet to try the Barre classes but I am planning on doing that this week, hopefully just as effective as the classes I have been to so far. I for sure recommend this gym to anyone looking to get away from a big box gym, the pricing is pretty affordable for how great the facilities are.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,4/7/2013,86,304,15,7,6>According to Wikipedia (the authority on all things) "Fika is both a Swedish verb and noun (pronounced "fee-ka") that roughly means "to drink coffee/tea," usually accompanied by something sweet." I love everything about the name of this place, and it's the perfect name for such a treat of a restaurant.I have been here three times, and it has become my go-to for lunch. Lunch is not an easy meal- usually you're confined to the bullshit wasteland of chain store sandwich factories, and I can report happily that Fika blows that kind of "lunch" out of the stratosphere.A list of amazing:1. The patrons and staff look transported directly out of Scandinavia. I don't know if it's the lighting that makes everyone look great or it's that good people flock to good food, but the staff is quirky chic and the patrons are all wearing Norwegian sweaters and everyone looks huggable.2. Their open-faced "Smorgasbord" sandwiches are DA BOMB. I've had several, but the one I had today was a punch in the face of awesome. It had a round of lightly-fried cod, topped with a root vegetable slaw and herring roe, on a perfectly delicious slice of rye bread. Made me wanna lie down. On the floor. And eat that.3. The presentation for their dishes is OUTSTANDING, and outclasses the prices which are 100% accessible at around $8 a pop for a sandwich. You will be presented with the prettiest sandwich of all time and THEN YOU WILL GET TO EAT IT. And it will TASTE as good as it LOOKS.4. The space is gorgeous- tons of sun, brightly lit, high ceiling, and has enough of a din to be charming without being overwhelming. Plus, they do table service now which is pretty awesome.5. The biggest surprise of all: this place has the best effing scones in the Cities. I bought one for the hell of it on my way out the first time, and almost drove off the road when I put it in my mouth on the way home. I was frantically shoving as much of it in my mouth as possible while simultaneously calling my baking friend shouting (around a mouth-full of scone) "OMFG DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT A SCONE. DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT A SCONE." Which obviously came out, "SDGJSEHTHGHSGHHH!!! GHSDGHHH!!!!"Fika. I love you.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/6/2013,29,79,2,3,3>It's a toss up whether this liquor store or South Lyndale Liquors is my favorite. I'm leaning towards North Loop.The staff is so friendly and helpful. They are always ready with recommendations and always make great ones. Once, they had run out of boxes and I was, as usual, buying more bottles than I had intended, so they gave me one of their reusable wine bags for free so I wouldn't have to use a paper one for that many bottles. They also have excellent sales. North Loop has tastings pretty often and have introduced me to some of my favorite wines. And, unlike some places with tastings, they are pretty generous with their pours. It's not often I go into a liquor store to buy a bottle of wine and leave feeling very tipsy.The wine selection is very varied, with a wide range of styles and prices. The beer selection is lacking a little, but that isn't why you go here. It's the wine.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/5/2013,515,227,15,8,7>Yup, I am the Duke.Borderline creep? Certainly.I am not alone.Is Alary's a huge sausage fest? Absolutely.  Does it keep me from coming back? Hell No!When I lived closer to town, I was much more of a regular.  What is there not to like about cheap beer and skimpily clad bartenders and beer tub servers?  Back when I first started going here, it was always easy to get on the pool table or dart boards.  No such luck anymore.  It is heterosexual male butt-to-nuts any weekend or Wild game night.Most often these days, I am there before and/or after a Wild Game.  Cheap shuttle to and from the Xcel.  Gets super crowded on game nights, weekend or non-weekend.  Had to wait for the third shuttle back tonight after the game.  Seems like there is always more of a Thunderdome atmosphere for the Alary's shuttle than any other shuttle from any other establishment.  Always, dude heavy.Why not five stars?  Lack of food.  Heggie's Pizza and the on and off food truck does not cut it for me.  If they had a standard pub grub menu, this place would get my high five seal of approval.  To each their own.  It is definitely not for everybody.  But what has two thumbs and likes Alary's? - THIS GUY!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/4/2013,51,264,2,4,3>This place is a solid 4 star brewpub!  They have a lot of local craft beers as well as ones they brew themselves.  The staff even wear other breweries attire.  That is pretty awesome!  We started out our meal with some beer battered mushrooms.  While I didn't partake in the mushroom feast, my kids and wife quickly devoured them and claimed them the best ever.  While they don't have kids menus yet, they were able to give us an option of chicken fingers or grilled cheese other then what was on the menu.  Junior opted for the chicken fingers and the little lass went with a salad.  In the end they did some trading of meals and they were happy.  I grabbed a chicken finger and that had to be some of the best batter I've had on chicken fingers.  Not only did I order the Big Jim & a Smokehouse Porter for drinks, but I also had the fried chicken sandwich for food.  If there was any doubt, it all faded away after eating this delectable sandwich. These guys are the batter masters.  The chicken was nice and juicy. It was like a taste explosion on my buds. I'll definitely be coming back here to try more (beer & food)....soon!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/3/2013,28,79,2,3,3>The Artists' Quarter was one of my first experiences in Downtown St. Paul. I have always been fearful of the parking situation in the city across the way but a friend's suggestion brought me to the free jazz and open mic night on a Monday. Free parking on the street after 4:30!The venue is down the stairs when you enter the building. The club is dark, clean, and simply decorated. A great atmosphere for some jazz. The performers were great and I enjoyed the laid back and friendly atmosphere. The bartender was attentive but not bothersome. I used to play jazz so this was a nice Monday night wind down session with great conversation with a friend. We stayed for a bit of the open mic night (2 drink min) but had to start heading back home. They do not serve food at the bar but there are plenty of places close by for that so it wasn't missed. I would definitely come back.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,4/2/2013,32,79,2,4,3>The Guthrie is both iconic inside and out. I've been here for larger productions as well as smaller plays.... all have been such a wonderful experience. I think it's a must-bring for out-of-town guests. My Aussie friend had walked by on the river walk before we made it to the Guthrie. First destination once inside: the Endless Bridge. It's such a great view of the river and the beautiful Stone Arch bridge. Perfect at dusk.Also! If you're looking for cheap parking around the Guthrie (it can be a bit of a pain; the meters go until 10pm) - go for the 4 block walk or so and park at the Eagle's parking lot. It's only $1.50 in the evenings (after 4pm, I believe?) and that gets you parking until 2am. Enough time to grab a drink before or after a show at the Guthrie.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,9/2/2009,170,391,8,12,8>You guys have all heard of Maid-Rite, right? If you haven't, it's a friggin' delicious place that serves burgers that are like sloppy joe's with no sauce. It's just loose meat. Well, there are none of them around here, and that was what sent me into C&G's Smoking Barbecue. This brand new  place on Nicolett advertises on their sign "Loose Burgers"; I figured it must be like a Maid-Rite. We had to go there.But it isn't a Maid-Rite at all! In fact it was a food I have never previously encountered. It's a hot dog bun filled with gooey meaty deliciousness, topped with mustard and onions. Apparently it comes from Detroit. Another item on the menu caught my eye; what is "hot water bread"? We asked, it sounded delicious and we ordered it. And then we ate it and ordered it again because it was crazy good. The only thing I can compare it to is a combination of the base of a sope (from Mexico) and well..deliciousness? Go order one for yourself.Barbeque, friendly people, new food, on the cheap. I love it.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2009,9/1/2009,271,845,7,10,5>The Twin Cities seems to have at least two or three gluten-free bakeries and this is one of them. I suppose I'm a bit jealous because there are ZERO vegan bakeries in the Twin Cities. Why should gluten-free get all the fun?In any case, I'm glad that Cooqi had at least one vegan item, a pumpkin chocolate bar ($3.50). It was very moist and had great texture. I think the pumpkin flavor was too subdued and the bar tasted more like soft sugar bread with some chocolate on top, but it was still pretty tasty.The interior is very small and it's probably not ideal for setting up your laptop and hanging out. This seems more like a grab-and-go joint.I was irked by the fact that the two people ahead of me were asked to join the Cooqi Club (buy ten Cooqis, get one free), whereas I was not asked to join. It seemed like gluten-free discrimination against vegans. We should all be in this together, not breaking into petty factions; most vegans are vegans by choice, whereas the gluten-free folks are usually forced into it, but that doesn't mean we can't work together. There's plenty of overlap in our worlds and mainstream restaurants usually lump vegan and gluten-free together anyway.Next time I will insist on joining the Cooqi Club.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2009,8/31/2009,40,119,7,8,4>I am a little nervous people might kick my ass for giving Punch 3 stars.  But I'm sticking to my guns.I like pizza.  But I like a little elbow room and Punch does not seem to provide it.  The table setup makes me feel like a bit of a jerk whenever I go get a refill.  I love their fancy smanchy salad - thank jebus for mixed greens and not iceberg or romaine.  But the pizza is a little hit or miss for me.  Maybe my pizza cravings are on trashy side and Punch pizza is too fancy. I dunno.Bottom line, when I combine the food quality + the crowded space + the price tag, I sometimes leave Punch feeling like I took it up the ass ($ wise, of course.  Unless it's really crowded).  Hence the 3 stars.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2008,8/30/2009,124,263,5,9,5>The sushi is good, especially the vegetarian hand rolls.The gyoza is divine.  I haven't tried an entree here so far that wasn't disgusting.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,8/29/2009,31,178,3,5,5>I drive...bike...scooter out of my way to stop at Cuppa Java.  They make a great Latte, but it goes beyond that.  I am officially addicted to the Pepperjack grilled cheese with Tomato I get there, with a pickle spear on the side :) whoo hoo.  I have luckily been too full after eating my sandwich to go back to the dessert case, because it all looks too good and I have no self control around chocolate.What I like the most about Cuppa Java, is that I don't break the bank when I stop there.  Which means, I can stop there more often.  I can get my coffee and sandwich/pickle/chips and it is pretty much the same as if I got a coffee and scone at any other shop - go figure.The staff is friendly enough, they offer a smile.  Seating is good, haven't tried working there yet so don't know if the constant traffic would be a pro/con.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,8/28/2009,203,560,,11,8>The Nova Wine Bar is my new favorite place to eat and drink in Hudson.   The Wine Bar abuts and is connected to/with the Casanova Liquor Store, which has been around in one form or another since the 1800s.  Given the historical provenance of the building, the wine bar's space is funky and fun, with lots of overstuffed couches, big tall chairs, and even a fireplace in the middle of the room.  You can expect an extensive list of wines by the glass and bottle.  We found a Barbera that was extra tasty.  A bonus:  if you like the wine you try, head next door after you're done and pick up a bottle from the liquor store.  They also have a very solid beer selection, and servers/bartenders are familiar with all available potables.Food is interesting and well prepared.  The "small" cheese flight (which includes salami and nuts in addition to several cheeses) was more than enough for our group of three.  The grilled shrimp (unfortunately named "On The Barbe") is always excellent, the perfectly finished shrimp pair well with the spicy veg accompanying them.  Pizzas are crisp crust and tasty.  The crowd favorite at our last visit was the grilled Caesar salad, which featured Parmesan crusted chicken served next to half a head (yes, a head) of lightly grilled romaine.  The menu does change seasonally so you may find something different to try.Prices are reasonable, particularly for the quality/quantity of food provided.  I love that Hudson has a wine bar like The Nova.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,8/25/2009,192,528,6,4,4>Last Saturday afternoon was the 17th annual Citypages Beerfest.  Save $5 and a 15 minute wait in line by buying tickets in advance.  It was moved from Lake and Hennepin to its  new diggs in the parking lot at 10th and Marquette, downtown.  You get a 5 oz. cup and wait in line to sample beers for about 20, mostly regional, breweries.  The cup is small and they only fill it half way, but its like that game in college where you take a shot of beer every minute for 100 minutes.  You will get a strong buzz going after visiting all the vendors.  Get there early, as per usual, they ran out of beer by 8:30.  Even with the larger space, it was f-ing packed and waiting for the porta-john took a good 20 minutes, even after chants of "double up", encouraging two people to go into each Biffy at a time.  It makes sense for two dudes, or a dude and a chick, but I saw a couple 2 chick double ups...wow and somehow hot...but how does that work? All and all - it was a great time.  It was beautiful outside, and all the beer was great craft or microbrew, save for the Pig's Eye and Schlitz, and even the new '60's formula Schlitz wasn't bad.  They even had Crispin and Mike's for non beer drinkers.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,8/24/2009,42,103,7,4,6>So it's been a while since I last reviewed 112, I see that Yelp hasn't allowed someone to rate anything 10stars yet, for that reason I guess I'll settle on 5.In all seriousness, 112 shouldn't even be something you can review on Yelp. Who wants to read pages upon pages of euphoric experiences? ;)Go in there. Eat tapas style. Split things. Go slow. Enjoy it. Save room for dessert.Personal favorites:Crab Salad - it's like drinking cologne. So fragrant and fresh.Burger - calling it a "burger" is almost a slap in the faceProsciutto/Bread - you can tell it's terrible for you, but it is SO goodScallops - never had them done so wellTres Leches - good thing you're already sitting, this thing will put you on your assGo. Seriously. Hard to get a reservation, but go late. That's the secret.I called day of and got in at 10:30If you can eat late, this place can be and will be your best friend - as you won't have any problem getting in night of.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,8/23/2009,16,145,4,9,6>I had to subtract a star because OMG! Expensive!  Also, I don't like being forced to walk through the gift shop.But besides all that, this place is amazing.  There are so many different aquatic environments and species.  And touch tanks!  I'm five years old again whenever I get to touch rays and sharks.Also, you may not have heard but every Valentine's Day they do a fancy romantic dinner thing in the tunnels.  If you can swing a reservation, DO IT!  You are served a multi-course meal by candlelight with the fish in the background.  It's stunning.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,8/22/2009,274,290,4,9,6>I have never been to the Szechuan province. Or China for that matter. So you might say that I have no place in judging authenticity in this area...But I have eaten a lot of Chinese food, and there's always a je ne sais quoi quality when you encounter food that is authentic....You sweat from the spicy heat. The piquant flavor of the dish boldly states, "I'm here, and this is what you've been missing!" (And if you don't believe me, a number of reviews rave of the restaurant's authenticity littleszechuan.com/revie…)With a setup reminiscent of banquet style Chinese restaurants and dim sum houses (e.g., large tables w/ lazy susan in the middle in an expansive single room), this restaurant begs to be enjoyed with a large group of friends and family. The servings follow suit in size, but you wouldn't know it from the surprisingly affordable prices. The menu features a number of Szechuan staples, with chilis and spices all over the place, as well as more Westernized options and other Chinese regional dishes. If you ask me, you must take advantage of this restaurant's authenticity and go for the spicy stuff and anything on the Specials menu.Of the seven or so dishes we had, my favorite was the Fish Flavored Eggplant, so delightfully braised and coated in a flavorful brown sauce, melting in my mouth but still maintaining structural integrity (i.e., not mushy). Another highlight was the Spicy Crispy Fish - battered and fried to perfection, achieving that difficult feat of crisp without grease and maintaing the white fish's delicate texture. One tip on ordering....if you have a large order, ask for the least spicy dishes to come out first or risk your taste buds being numb to the rest of the meal.As an aside, I just read this morning on Metromag/HeavyTable that the cooking staff (including head chef) are all on strike...this makes me really sad because they are clearly working hard and making great food. LS is some of the best Asian food in the TC. Praise and accolades from the public and critical community speak to that...so I hope that whatever the problem is gets sorted out for the benefit of the staff and this hungry customer, eager to return.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,3/30/2009,42,103,5,13,9>Amazing. Went Saturday night for drinks. I think there's something about dressing up -- you look good, you feel good, and La Belle Vie is an excellent excuse to dress up. We were lucky to find 5 seats in a row at the bar. I met Johnny the bartender, who came highly recommended for his inventive drink with gin - This Charming Man. It was everything people said, and more. I actually put the ingredients into my Blackberry so I could attempt it at home or tell someone what was in it if I ordered it out. Everyone's drinks were great, as we sampled everyone's. Each drink took 2-3 minutes to make and it was nice to watch the bartenders literally craft every single one of them. You expect that sort of detail at a place like this, but it was very nice to see. We ordered the kettle chips with one of the sauces, I can't remember which one we ordered exactly, because they came out with all of the sauce options (3) and 3 bowls of chips. They told us we should try them all and the other two were on them. Okay La Belle Vie, excellent start to our night. The chips were excellent, and I feel weird typing that because they were chips after all, but they were good. Sauces were good too. You ultimately feel weird ordering chips at a place like this, but it was completely worth it. Some of us finished their 1st round of drinks and were looking for more. This time we told the bartenders what liquor we liked, and asked what drink they'd recommend. The bartender recommended the same drink to two of the people in my group, but one of them wasn't sure he wanted that drink so he told Johnny (bartender, keep up!) he'd order something else. To which Johnny replied, "Tell you what, she orders the drink and I'll make you whatever other drink you want, on me." How can you argue with that?? She got a drink with gold leaf in it, what a wonderful drink to look at conceptually, and it was one of those things you didn't want to consume right away, you just wanted to look at it. His drink was spot on as well. And then the fun came. I assume it was because we were 5 younger people, and for the most part everyone in the place was much older, and a little stuffy, but you expect that at a place like that. I gather the bartenders wanted us to stick around, and thus the chips, but after the above two drinks were made, they began making extra quantities of every drink they had to make, poured it into a little martini glass and garnished it just the same as the original large drink and gave the little drinks to us. We sampled nearly 10 drinks that way. It was truly a wonderful experience due to the bartenders there. A+, without a doubt. While I know the chips and the sauces and the extra little drinks didn't hurt the bottom line at La Belle Vie, and I certainly don't feel like we got away with a lot due to their comps, it was the thought that mattered. They wanted us to come back, we surely will -- they did it right. Go. Have a drink. They are $10-$12, but disregard it and enjoy a drink that is crafted with exquisite detail. Yes, I said "exquisite". Have 1 and leave, but enjoy the experience. While not everyone should craft a drink as they do at La Belle Vie, it is certainly a nice thing to see someone take such time to make a drink for you, compared to the 2-second upside down liquor bottle and fountain soda gun blast you get when you order a drink anywhere else.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,3/29/2009,47,152,3,5,4>How have I not been in here before? I am in this area quite a bit, and somehow haven't even gone in for a drink. I met a friend here for dinner last Friday night and we had a great table on the top floor overlooking center of the restaurant. I absolutly love the decor and feel of this place.  It is charming and funky at the same time. Unfortuntaly, and by no fault of Loring Pasta Bar, I was not feeling well that night. I ordered some ravioli that I had to box up and take home with me. I really only got to enjoy their homemade ginger ale, which was very good and a piece of bread. The waitress looked a bit concerened that I hadn't touched my dinner, so I explained I was ill and would need it to go. But then a few minutes later she came by to ask if we wanted dessert. Duh, probably not, we obviously just wanted our bill so I could go home. I will totaly be back to enjoy another dinner or just sit in the quaint bar area. It looks like a great place to bring a small group of friends or a date.Oh and yes, considering my state, I did use the restroom. It is very unique. The sink appears to have shower heads as faucets and the bathroom stalls aren't really that private. The middle stall just has a red curtain, which I imagine not many people use. I suppose if you really had to go or were drunk enough, it really wouldn't matter. I kind of want to accidentally wander into the men's room to see if it is equally as odd.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,3/28/2009,12,30,5,14,8>Val B is right, if you know where you're going, you can arrive at MSP 30 minutes before scheduled departure... Just remember - carryon bags only, park in the red ramp, level 5, clear the skyway security checkpoint, and CHECK THE MONITORS - even if you printed your boarding pass at home 2 hours prior to departure... gates change frequently at MSP as NW shuffles equipment and crews around. I once leisurely strolled up to G3 20 minutes before departure and found my flight had moved to C11... I had to sprint about half a mile in dress shoes - it was awful. Also, vacation-bound-infrequent-travelers, the "departure" time on your boarding pass is not "all aboard!" - its "wheels up", always subtract 20 minutes and show up at the gate then. @Shelly V - there is a walkway connecting concourses C and G... it's at the end of G, and it connects to the 2nd floor of C where the food court/bookstore is.I've been an MSP based frequent flyer for about 2 years now, so here is my "comprehensive insiders guide":Need a bite to eat?My favorite is probably French Meadow - really good food, located just prior to concourse E, can be a bit loud though (its open to the 'mall') French meadow is also your best choice for healthy togo items if you're in a hurry. They also have a smaller deli type place in concourse F.For breakfast I like Axel's, it is in the mall on the side opposite TSA... reeeealy nice breakfast menu!!Looking for steak or martinis? Ike's is adjacent to French Meadow, this is your 'fine dining' option, and as you'd expect it's the most pricy.Those are the local joints. There are also plenty of chains that don't need my introduction... Like to eat in places with fake junk nailed to the wall? Fridays is about halfway down concourse C!Connecting in MSP? If you have some time to kill and you'd like a change of scenery, take the light rail down to the Mall of America. Plan on about 50 minutes of travel time, 20 to the mall, 20 back, and 10 to reclear TSA. With a 2+ hour layover this is an easy trip. You need to find the concourse connector bridge in-between C and G - there is an exit in the middle of it. If you have carryon luggage - there are lockers at this exit. Directly below this checkpoint is the light rail station, this will take you south to the mall. Do some shopping or enjoy some non-airport food, then head back up to MSP - follow the signs for the 'skyway security checkpoint' - there is hardly ever a line, and you left your bags airside, so you should be through in 2 minutes. Need some exercise? Start at gate A14, and follow the signs for concourse D... then, at rock bottom turn left and walk through the mall following the signs for concourse G... continue all the way down to the end of G - turn around at the quizno's, and return back the way you came... congratulations! Once you're back at A14, you have just completed a 2.7 mile trek!Like plane spotting? the main food court has some good views of ground operations, but if you like takeoffs and landings, checkout the observation deck above concourse D! Need a haircut? perpendicular to rock bottom brewery, just before concourse D, there is a barber shop that actually does pretty decent cuts! There are also sometimes people out front with massage tables, though i've never gotten one so I can't comment.Coffee? Here is what you need to know: all of the in-airport starbucks are managed by HMSHost - the staff is not trained by starbucks and often times the coffee is crap! You have been warned! There are some other options like Caribou, which is across from the subway at the entrance to concourse G. Looking to get some work done? If you don't have a worldclub membership, there is a 'lounge' above the mall that hardly anybody knows about - just before concourse F, take the elevator next to the worldclub... much nicer furniture than down below, and plenty of power outlets.Looking to get some work done and enjoy a beer? Rock Bottom Brewery is probably your best choice - ask to be seated in the patio-type area, as it has power outlets all along the wall.Enjoy your trip!!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,3/27/2009,274,290,5,8,8>Incroyable! How is it possible that there is not a single review yet for this new location of Spyhouse Coffee Shop, just a little over a month in business? Every single night, the place is PACKED. It's new, so it's pretty spiffy compared to the other Spyhouse location...and they definitely took into account important details like having ample outlets for the many laptop users (a whole strip running along the underside of the countertop!). It's cute, clean, and the bathrooms are more than respectable. There's the hipster vibe going on, so expect some of that on the speakers. I like it, so no qualms - in fact, I often ask, "What are you playing?"Coffee is seldom my cup, but they seem to do it well. Most of their coffee is fair trade/organic. Lots of great teas. I am a fan of the Evening in Missoula herbal blend. I also appreciate the wide variety of food they have available. Lots of different sandwiches, cupcakes, scones, hummus/veggies/pita, and on and on...you know, maybe all of this good food and drink + relatively comfortable, clean seating + fairly dependable wireless is why people park it and NEVER LEAVE (ahem me).Sorry guys!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,3/26/2009,31,178,7,7,7>After reading reviews I just had to go...and drag the boyfriend with.  We had so much fun walking the aisles together.  We can't wait to bring his handy-man dad here the next time he is in town. If you find yourself on the 94 corridor between the cities and need to waste some time, this is the place to go.  Now I am just trying to think of a use for little glass jars that don't even hold an ounce - I want some...so cute
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,3/24/2009,16,145,6,5,5>This season the team truly leaves a lot to be desired, what with the bizarre trading away of veterans and leaders like Roloson, Demitra, and Radivojevic in order to bring on super young guys who, frankly, are not NHL material.  Couple that with the eternally injured Marion Gaborik and the season has been a bit shaky to say the least.But the bright spot in this hockey franchise is the fans, as arguably held hostage as we are.  We already lost one NHL team and damnit, we're not letting another go.  So we fill the stands and every game gets sold out... which means the back office doesn't feel the need to spend money on quality scorers because they know that we do this.  Anyway, the fans are still awesome.Don't even bother with the 100 level (or, gods help you, the club level) if you're looking for the real fans.  Most of those seats are taken up by corporate suits looking to impress (presumably Canadian) clients or clueless dudes looking to impress their bored dates by flashing their cash about.  No no, head on up to the 200 level with the rest of us rubes.  Strike up a conversation with your neighbor on the relative worth of Boogie vs. Bruno.  Holler at the refs from the top of the X.Just, for the love of all that is holy, wait for a stoppage in play before leaving or taking your seat.  Otherwise I might throw beer on you.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,3/23/2009,126,203,4,6,8>I went for Saturday brunch this past Saturday. What a strange dichotomy of a restaurant.  First, it looks very modern on the outside, but when you get indoors, it seems as if it is right out of a Western.  The seating looks just like what you expect in a supperclub. There are large family pictures all over the walls of long ago adventures at someone cabin.  The bar looks as if you turned your head to look out the window, you will see tumbleweeds  a blowin'.  This is an organic restaurant with some type of "green approved" building.  Totally awesome and modern bathrooms with a scary Dyson hand blower that looks like a torture device that totally works.  Anyway, on to the food. More dichotomy.  Organic restaurant with a very diverse menu including..dah dah da dahhhhh...Chicken Fried Steak!!  Whooo hooo from Megan.  I love Chicken Fried Steak.  They have grits, by God!  They also have duck, smelt, ribeyes....Goat Cheese Whatnot....Its like uppity green restaurant warped with a really good dang ol' comfort food from Arkansas and BAM!  Fabulous.  My Chicken Fried Steak came with hash brown cakes, poached eggs, toast, and a PANCETTA LEEK GRAVY. Thats right. It was the shiite...Anyhoo, your brunch comes with a mimosa..(free booze!)  and they have a Cheap Date Tuesday Night that is 2 entrees, a bottle of wine, and a dessert all for 32 bucks!  Im going to check THAT out next.  So service was good while we were there, coffee was good, and everyone else was very happy with their meal. Prices were very good. Cant wait to go again!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,3/22/2009,51,96,9,12,9>Despite living here for almost an entire year I think I have ventured into St. Paul only two other times. So it takes a lot for me to get my lazy ass onto the 94 and drive the whole 10 miles into St. Paul. We've heard a lot of good things about Tanpopo from various people, so we decided to check it out on a bitter cold night hoping that the noodle soups would warm us up. Fortunately there wasn't any waiting when we got there. We ordered the spicy tuna, edamame and I got the Nobeyaki Udon and my bf got the Tonkatsu Teishoku. The Nobeyaki Udon was seriously awesome. It had everything I loved : Tempura, fish cake, chicken, Japanese Omelet and steaming delicious broth. The Tonkatsu breaded pork was also delicious, but then again it's panko breaded fried pork so it's hard to screw it up.The service was nice and the atmosphere was really cozy. I would definitely go again.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,3/21/2009,170,391,13,11,8>You won't find me reviewing many bars, mainly because I don't drink booze. But I will review the CC Club for one reason alone.And that folks, is Nachos.There are not many foods in the world that surpass a cheesy mountain of  goo piled on chips. And the Nachos (yes, they deserve to be capitalized) at the CC Club are magnificent. Awe-inspiring. They are served on something that may either be a pizza pan, or a manhole cover. If i WAS going to drink booze, it would be here. Because I am sure the Nachos taste just as good coming up as they did going down.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,3/20/2009,203,560,6,7,3>Yelp thinks this is a French restaurant.  Wrong, all wrong.  The legendary Lexington is an old line Saint Paul institution serving well prepared steaks, pastas and supper club classics (Chicken Vesuvius, anyone?).You have your choice of eating in the dining room or the bar.  Choose the latter for its dark wood, clubby atmosphere--and try not to freak out at the weird painting of the boy with the violin.  The dining room is more formal a'la overstuffed and not as fun, in my opinion.  When you sit down, you will be promptly greeted by your friendly, efficient server.  Before you do anything else, order a drink of your choice and some onion rings.  You won't find onion rings like this anywhere else in town: big, crispy and delicious.  My personal favorite entree is the top sirloin.  Order it "char rare" and it comes crusty on the outside, perfectly rare on the inside.  A recent visit proved that the stroganoff and the squash ravioli are also excellent choices.  Sides include real mashed potatoes and creamy au gratins.  The french fries rock, or maybe you'd prefer hashbrowns with your steak?  You really can't go wrong.  For dessert, why not an ice cream drink?  You know you want to try that grasshopper...A few quibbles:  the wine list is a bit middle of the road with no stellar deals.  And no quality rums behind the bar?  But don't let these matters get in your way: for a great meal at a Saint Paul institution, you need to hit The Lexington.  And don't forget: Sunday brunch offers many varieties of benedictine eggs, including my favorite, Eggs Chesapeake (eggs Benedict served on crab cakes).
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,10/28/2014,47,131,3,3,3>Delicious food in beautiful Scandinavian-esque modern decor!I've been to Firelake for breakfast, lunch, snacks, and dinner.  This is seriously good eats.The menu is massive!  They're doing what i call "Regional New American."  So take the menu of an american chain, up the food quality by a LOT, add ingredients that you normally see at an upscale restaurants, present almost like an upscale restaurant, and use more local and seasonal ingredients.  We're talking flat bread (pizza), burgers, stakes, fish, pasta, but also roasted veggies, charcuterie, poutine, duck, lamb and then ingredients/flavors like apple cider jam, wild rice, and smokiness.  They're so many crowd pleasing and unique items on the menu that it's almost difficult to chose!There are two areas in Firelake: bar and the main dinning area.  The bar is always loud from the sounds of the mall and the trendy bar music.  Surprisingly, the main dinning area is fairly quiet.  I find the dinning chairs and the wooden bar stools somewhat uncomfortable, but the metal bar stools are awesome.  I wish they would get more of them.Speaking of the bar, love!  They've got my favorite tequila, Corzo (hard to find), and whiskey galore.  The coffee is good too, so yeah, I could live in the bar.On the topic of service, as many reviewers have written, it is very inconsistent.  I've had very attentive, distracted, frantic, and possibly just confused servers.  I think the restaurant has a bit of identity crisis because the type of food they do, in a Radisson hotel, attached to the MOA means an inconsistent clientele and therefore, an inconsistent type of server to customer experience.To end my review, here's a cherry on top--Firelake validates parking in the hotel ramp.  You never have to set food in the MOA if you don't want to!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,10/27/2014,58,80,3,4,4>I've been a fan of Jasmine Deli since my first stint living in the Twin Cities. I can't think of one thing I've had that isn't just totally delicious, and I've always found the owner and the other staff very friendly. The Banh Mi is always good (their bread is so awesomely crusty and chewy at the same time), and my favorite is the Curry Mock Duck. The veggie-friendly noodle salads are always really good, and the tapioca in the bubble tea always tastes fresh. It's also one of the few places I feel completely comfortable going for lunch/dinner on my own without a book or paper, and it seems cleaner now than when I used to go before 2009. My ONE gripe is that they haven't partnered with one of the delivery services in the area so I can enjoy their tastiness at home without having to walk the 4 miles roundtrip or hop on the bus. But that's a pretty silly gripe.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,10/26/2014,38,81,3,3,4>Butcher & The Boar is my favorite restaurant in Minneapolis. I've been to the beer garden several times for some of their events and for general shenanigans, which is a real bang for your buck in the food department. The sausages are legit, the brussels sprouts I crave in the night, and I could eat the charcuterie plate as a meal every day. They make some creative and delicious bourbon cocktails and do the traditional drinks just right. I finally went here for dinner in the restaurant and the spread we ordered knocked my socks off! I had the best pork chop of life...and I try any pork chop that shows up on a menu. The staff knows all about the gluten situation so I can order without fear!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/25/2014,32,347,3,3,3>A giant selection of whiskey (mostly Scotch but a good size Irish collection as well) isn't the only reason to come to Merlin's Rest. The food and service and atmosphere were all awesome as well. I got The Duke, a stacked sandwich with thick-cut ham and turkey with bacon, sprouts, Swiss and a tangy mustard-mayonnaise mix (also comes with tomatoes but I took mine without). Paired with a cider and it was a perfect, filling meal that I still think about. I hope to come back soon for some live music, trivia, or one of the Scotch tasting events.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,10/24/2014,731,659,1,4,5>This is another one of our local neighborhood stops. They have some real good daily specials - - like on Mondays, I think the Spaghetti is all-you-can-eat for a good price. Service is always friendly. They actually go out of their way to help you. Our last visit, the server brought some extra meat sauce so that when I warmed up my pasta the sauce wouldn't be too dry. (Who does that? No one... nice touch!)And the restaurant is usually busy when we visit, but there's always a table or two open. jThe garlic cheese bread is usually a must order for us. (Even though I think the pastas come with bread too - ha!) Yeah, we're usually so stuffed when we're done wit our meal we never even get to try the dessert.Casual spot... great food... great service!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,10/23/2014,66,59,5,7,4>Do some research and know what you want. They don't offer much customer service.This place is great! It's tucked behind a Korean grocery store and serves up mouth watering Korean fare. I've had almost everything on the menu since I frequented this place quite often before my wife became a vegetarian. Highly suggest their Kalbi (Short Ribs), sweet and savory, perfected sandwiched between some kimchi and sticky rice. The soft tofu seafood soup is also very good. Served still violently boiling and deep red. It looks scary, but the first few spoonfuls are bliss, then the slow burn of the chili powder used to cook the stock may take over. The silk like tofu is great on its own and is one of my wife's favorite dishes. Dukboki (Korean rice cakes), this is one of my favorite dishes. It looks like string cheese, but it is chewy in texture with not much flavor on its own. Cooked with the signature red Korean spice and stir-fried up with, for lack of better words, fish cakes.**Veterans tip** Purchase a drink from the front grocery to enjoy with your meal! Don't let them skimp you on the free side dishes for kimchi and other small assortments.Final Word: I will go back. I still need to try their stone rice bowl. I always see some Korean people eating it, while it is still crackling from the hot stone bowl. They eat it some carefully too like the Korean dramas. (you know what i mean if you know what i mean, if not watch some Korean dramas)
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,10/22/2014,20,34,3,11,3>I finally took the advice of co-workers and stopped schlepping out to Eden Prairie for my nails to try this place.  I called ahead and warned them that I am super picky when  it comes to my "pink and whites" and that I even bring my own powder (yep) so they gave me to Kavin.  Lucky for him, he says I'm not actually that bad...Heh.I get my toes pampered here too and have had nothing but great pedicures in addition to the kick-ass job that Kavin always does on my nails.  So glad that now I only have to trek a few miles up Snelling rather than road tripping it out to Eden Prairie.  This place is great and I love TT the owner and Kavin is definitely "the man" to go to for your nails!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,10/21/2014,18,125,2,2,2>Diamond in the Strip-Mall RoughWe pass by this bakery on a regular basis and never had the time to venture inside before this visit.We are all very glad that we did stop in.We purchased a giant M&M cookie for the boy, some puff pastry and some unusual-looking items that are similar to gingerbread.The puff pastry were very nice, with just enough of the fruit filling to make it delicious, yet not too sweet.The gingerbread items have some sort of a yellow-colored filling from which we couldn't detect a flavor.  That being said, we plan on buying them again because they're delicious!If you're in the neighborhood, stop by. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,10/20/2014,61,246,4,4,4>The decor is pretty "small town restaurant-ish" but the food is great!  There are plenty of organic and high quality ingredients that are well prepared.  The menu has something for everyone.  Our whole table enjoyed their orders (chicken club, tai peanut salad & mushroom stroganoff) I ordered the burger, which came with a side of waffle fries.  I was tempted to order the grass-fed beef but the $3.50 up-charge was a turn-off.  The regular beef still tasted really good.  The waffle fries were really fantastic and super crispy.I don't drink beer but everyone I was with enjoyed the ones they ordered.  I saw some pretty great pours (to the brim!) for wine and martinis.  I would have loved to order one but had to stay sober that evening.The brewery takes up most of the building so the bar and restaurant are much smaller than you would expect.  If you're headed here, you may want to call ahead or make a reservation.  Also, this place is LOUD!  Don't come here for an intimate conversation.BONUS! They have cribbage boards carved into the tables near the bar or you can request one if you're in the dining area.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,10/19/2014,75,191,4,6,5>The fact that this place does not charge extra when you book a couple's massage is amazing to me. My husband & I book together & enjoy the retreat from our busy lives. As I mentioned previously, every massage therapist has their own specific style, so depending on what you're looking for, you may need to try a few. My initial favorite therapist, Sam, is no longer on staff here, so I have found a new therapist, Marlo, who is equally excellent. Her massage is deep & flowing, very effective & relaxing at the same time. I also have found Michael to be awesome - his massage is intense & will release even the most resistant muscles. I plan to renew my annual membership for a second year!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,9/29/2011,30,77,3,3,3>Wow, The Wienery, what can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? Small, dirty, kinda creepy, yet darn tasty food is just some of the accolades this place has gotten. From drinking soda with no ice in whatever cup happen to be the cleanest (last time it was a coffee mug) to staring at the enormous variety of dogs on the menu, I just have a hard time driving by this place if my stomach is growling. I try a new one every time I'm here and haven't had a bad one yet. It's defiantly a must try if you don't mind having a dog in a true dive.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,9/28/2011,27,37,3,3,4>Super pizza, super ingredients and super heroes. Galactic Pizza can seriously do no wrong in my eyes.My roommate and I have ordered pizza from here on a few lazy Sundays because their Thai pizza, a combination of pad thai and pizza, is what dreams are made of. (Plus, you know, ladies love a man in uniform.)I finally ventured to the actual restaurant a few weeks ago and discovered not only that the Mexicali pizza is made with my favorite local salsa, Salsa Lisa, but that they offer 50 cent pints of Premium with any food purchase on Mondays! Super.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,9/27/2011,9,65,3,8,4>Isn't it interesting how hot dogs can simultaneously be one of the most over-priced options for lunch and also one of the most economical?Now, I'm by no means a weiner connoisseur; I generally only feast on franks on a rare occasion.  But I think I can spot a good weiner when I see one.  These dogs are good.  Good enough, in fact, that I made a second trip to this eatery in one week.Honestly, I have to recommend the Chicago dog. It comes complete with fresh sliced tomatos, hot peppers and relish.  Absolutely delicious.Diggity occupies the hole in the wall which was called Village Pizza only a few months earlier.  They've made some improvements--the mirrors are gone--but there is really a lot less seating.  Two tables to be exact.  So you're probably goin to be taking your weiner to-go.Current prices are $3.19 for most of their dogs and $2 more for chips and a soda.  They are definitely some damn delicious dogs.  Check it out.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,9/26/2011,7,86,2,3,3>Minnehaha Park is a great place to hang out with friends, family or spend time with a significant other.  Great date location is grabbing food and a drink at the Sea Salt at the park and walking along the creek and falls.  Now that the construction of the park is complete there is a lot of walking paths right down by the falls where you can walk all the way down from the falls to the river.  You can even grab desert at the Dairy Queen across the street.Parking isn't too bad, there are a couple of pay lots right next to the park that charge like $0.75 and hour otherwise there is plenty of street parking a few blocks away.Poem:The Falls are great for family and friends,But of course you can certainly bring a date if you choose.The Sea Salt serves great seafood and  go grab desert at the DQ too.Relax, explore and just have a great time.  Now you might be think, 'How bad does this guy rhyme,' but that's okthe poem's almost over, now you can head to the falls for a great time.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,9/25/2011,72,35,7,2,5>To celebrate my 2? birthday, I decided to do something special. I wanted to eat a cheeseburger. Burger King won't do for this bleeding heart animal lover, so I needed a place that serves humanely and sustainably raised beef. Local is a plus too. 1000 Hills grass-fed beef (raised near my hometown in SE Minnesota, read more about them here: thousandhillscattleco.com) and unique burger concoctions lead us to Republic for my 2? birthday dinner.There is a lot of pressure in eating your first red meat in over a year and for the only time in this year. It has to be special. The cheese can't be American. The pickles cannot be sliced. It has to be well done to make sure you don't get sick later in the evening. It has to be a red wine reduction with brie. No. Other. Option.It arrived. It was beautiful sided with a salad of mixed greens (which I thought was odd as I was hoping for fries, but added most of it to the top of the burger). The bun glistened. The beef looked juicy. I picked it up and took a huge bite for the cameras. The brie had a pull to it, the moment was so perfect. The red wine was subtle and the ketchup a little more tomato than vinegar. It was perfect.In addition to the perfect burger, the servers we had were helpful and attentive. The patio is spacious and since the street has construction on it, it's surprisingly quiet without traffic this summer. P.S. If you're a really sweet boyfriend who lives on another coast who cannot get off of work for your girlfriend's birthday, the Republic will let you buy apps and wine for the table through credit card on the phone. It's highly recommended you do that.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,9/24/2011,108,154,3,4,4>I've been waiting for this day to arrive: Rewind's second location is officially open!  I can't say enough about this store, seriously the bee's knees.  And this location is stellar too, as it right next to the Town Hall Tap.  Shopping, then throw down a few beers & apps next door?  Sounds like a good day to me.The square footage is the same as the other Rewind in NE.  However, the layout is different  as the store is narrower and all the merch goes straight back.Also, did I mention all of this merchandise is NEW, aka has not been seen in their other store.  Yes, you heard me.  Seriously, where is the owner Sarah hiding all of this stuff?  She told me she had tons of additional merch to put out as well.  I think I need to resort back to my original idea and start camping outside the shop.I tried on a ton of eras today: an adorable 60's sailor dress, a wild 80's print, a lace 40's esque number, and a beaded frock.  The selection was fabulous as always and I made a few too many purchases.Word to the wise:  If you are a size 0 or 2, please try on the gorgeous flower dress on display in the window.  The world (and yourself) will be very happy that you purchased such a lovely dress.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,9/23/2011,42,40,,4,5>I think Black Sheep is a perfect place to go for a first date.  Casual atmosphere (so you can be yourself), resonable prices (so you don't have to worry if you're the one picking up the tab), and unique food and atmosphere (so you get bonus points from your date for picking something unexpected).The clientele gives off a hipster vibe, but not in a way that makes those of us who don't quite subscribe to that subculture feel unwelcome or uncomfortable.  It's one of those places where you just feel super cool being there and being in on the Black Sheep secret.The thin-crust, "Punch"-like pizza is delicious and has its own coal fired flair to it.  I would definitely recommend each person getting their own 12-inch pizza, which would be enough to fill someone who is super hungry, but also allows for a slice or two at lunch the next day if you're the type to feel full quickly.  Not to mention the fact that you and that date of yours can take the evening to the next level and swap samples of each other's food!If you haven't been, I highly recommend checking this place out!!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/22/2011,28,70,6,12,4>So. Am I being a responsible, unemployed, 20-something year old by dropping the money I do on my brows? Some might say "no". I'd tell them to go see Christina at Blink and get back to me. Not only will she transform your face with a piece of string, but she is possibly the nicest person you will meet. Ever. I've been going here for at least a year and have had nothing but pleasant experiences. Even when I completely forgot about an appointment Christina was totally understanding. Threading isn't too painful, just feels like some light scratching. I've also had waxing (or was it sugaring? It might be sugaring...) done here and it is much less painful than other places I've tried.  The place itself really isn't that hard to find...just follow the directions and give yourself an extra 5-10 minutes to find it before your first appointment. Blink has a couple designated parking spots right outside the door which is fantastic when one's trying to park downtown. Appointments can be made online which is a nice convenience when I suddenly realize at 3 in the morning how badly I need a brow touch-up. As far as I know Blink is still cash-only so hit up an ATM with a bit extra for a tip (because trust me...you'll look in the mirror and want to tip). I would also like to mention that Blink has really made an effort to carry safer and more natural-than-usual skincare products (wax (sugar?), facial care, make-up). Love that! And the space they have is so cute. And it always smells good. And you're always offered water. And, and, and it's awesome.  Occasionally, when I'm feeling particularly stingy, I'll tell myself, "tweezers for now...I'll just do some maintenance". It's not the same. Show your brows you care. They'll thank you. Or you'll thank them for looking so awesome. Which means you should really be thanking Christina.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,9/21/2011,94,61,12,5,10>Dear Cossetta's,Finally, after nearly a year of working practically next to you, after eyeing you as I drove down 7th, after checking you out, top to bottom with your Gothic gold lettering and old-school facade, I worked up the courage to come say hello to you with a friend during lunch. You didn't seem flattered by my interest.  Or maybe you were playing hard to get.  But you definitely turned a cold shoulder. Deli-style should, in my opinion be fast. Picture a lunch lady slinging mystery meal to bug-eyed and bewildered children and that is how fast a cafeteria line (in my opinion) should go.My friend and I waited fifteen minutes in a three-person line for the candy stripers behind the counter to serve the ready-made September special.  Both of us were on a time crunch, and had ten minutes to eat before we had to be back at the office. I ended up being late back at work.  But! The delicious creamy, truffle-y, penne with spicy sausage was ALMOST worth it. I wanted one of their Pinot Grigios to sip while enjoying the comforting flavors, but as The Man was watching my time and return, I resisted.Oh Cossetta's, your 20's atmosphere and delightful meals fill my tummy with carb-a-licious guilt and happiness...it turns me into that needy girl that craves your attention and will keep me coming back even if it wreaks havoc on my professional life.  But! I will cheat on you with Sakura if you don't start noticing my existence at your counter. Just saying.Love,KellyP.S. I was told by jaded, but still faithful, coworkers that next time I should order ahead of time.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,9/20/2011,113,230,3,10,6>After a long evening of Shenanigans followed by a Minuscule amount of Sleep, I set off for a Sunday Morning Mocha.  My original destination was not Crema Cafe.  It was Wuollet Bakery in Edina.  However they were closed.  So I randomly drove around looking for a message from the Universe on where to go.  When I saw Crema Cafe, I knew the Universe had answered me.  You cannot ignore the Universe as hard as you may try.This place has been on my radar for ice cream for a while.  They also have delicious coffee.  The atmosphere?  Very chill.  Sunday brunch in Crema Cafe means lots of Uptown girls wearing their Sunday Best sitting at tables chatting about their week.  In the summer, I can only imagine how delightful the patio would be.I had salted caramel ice cream and tried a few others and boy, it was all great.  I rank it right up there with Pumphouse Creamery and the gelato at Patisserie 46.  Is it better?  I dunno?  Who's better, Jesus or Muhammad or Buddha?  These types of questions are best left for gurus and pundits to argue over.  For commoners like you and me, all we have to do is sit back and enjoy the deliciousness of it all.  I've come to the conclusion if you like ice cream and live in the Twin Cities, it's an embarrassment of riches.Oh yeah, I also had the mocha (which is currently fueling this review).  It had a strong coffee flavor.  Probably due to my palette having just had sweet ice cream.  But it was a GREAT coffee flavor, very smooth.  Drinking it I felt like I was exploring the jungles of Guatemala in search of ancient artifacts or perhaps the fountain of youth.  Yes, it was that good.I'll be back for sure.  Parking, I think, is street only, which is normal for this area.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,8/10/2013,20,170,2,4,3>My review of this restaurant could honestly be pages upon pages long - but I will (try to) keep it short and sweet. Bob and I had journeyed down to the Marvel Bar and enjoyed some fantastic cocktails and then had taken the stairs up to Bachelor Farmer to enjoy a wonderful date night! We had early reservations on a Friday - even so, the place was packed (always a good sign)! The decor was very... comforting but still trendy. Wood tables with bright blue wallpaper and mismatched bench cushions. Our server was very attentive and friendly - she walked us through the menu and her own personal favorites. Also, probably one the BEST parts of this restaurant was their wine chalkboard. They sell all of their bottles as half bottles - and then the remaining half a bottle is put up on their chalkboard for the whole dining area to see - so if you want to try a glass of another wine, you can! Fantastic! We enjoyed the initial starter of radishes with butter and salt. I never thought I would like radishes that much - but I guess it shows that butter can make anything taste better. We had the chicken sausage appetizer, which was fantastic - but unexpectedly served cold. I don't know why, but I assumed it would be hot - nevertheless, it was great! Bob and I then shared the groaning board, which was absolutely one of the best things I have ever eaten. The toast was perfect, hearty and slightly sour and all the different spreads and condiments were to die for! There were so many combinations I can't even name them all, but I can tell you that it is absolutely something that you should get if you come here! We next ordered the duck and the pork shoulder as our main dishes. The duck was probably the best duck I have ever had anywhere. It literally felt like butter in my mouth - just wonderfully melty and delicious. The pork shoulder was also wonderful! And finally, we had the cake for two for dessert. The cake was a butter brickle white cake with a toffee chocolate ganache... need I say more? Now, to show how much we enjoyed this place, our server literally told us that all the food that we ordered was quite a bit... we literally ate every single crumb from every plate. We felt terribly full after wards, but totally worth it. I am so happy that after all the hype this place has received, it lives up to its reputation. It is no wonder that they have a heart in their logo - because this place has a lot to love!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/9/2013,24,41,5,8,5>And I'm not kidding, but the day my parents told me that I am 100% financially responsible for my car was the day the noise started.My car was making a horrible sound when I turned, and I put off bringing it in as long as I could before it became too much. After finding this place on Yelp, I made the call and planned to bring it in the next morning.As I drove it in, Brett (I believe) asked me if I had 5 minutes to wait, and proceeded to fix my car on the spot. For free. It turned out to be a loose plastic part. I went in with fear to be intimated, confused and over-charged and left in time to make it to work without spending a dollar. I can't guarantee you'll be so lucky as to have a free, quick fix, but I can only bet you will leave just as satisfied.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/8/2013,20,171,2,2,3>Pizza Luce is serious about its gluten-free menu and God bless them for it. They have gluten-free shells, pizza, bread, and hard apple cider (Angry Orchard rocks!).  Yeah! They also have a spectacular brunch menu on Sundays. This is my favorite Pizza Luce locations for many reasons other than its outstanding gluten-free selection. It's huge. I don't have to wait for a table and if I do, it isn't for very long. (They have a very nice bar you can sit at if you have to wait anyway.) They have a porch and outdoor seating during the spring/summer/fall months.  Servers are very nice with top notch service. Also, most other Pizza Luce locations (I'm looking at you Uptown and St. Paul) have difficult parking situations but the parking lot is huge at this location.  This is my go-to Pizza Luce location and I've never had a bad experience here.One of the only drawbacks is that the bathrooms are downstairs. This really isn't an issue for me, and there is an elevator, but if you dine with someone with limited mobility (elderly, scooter, someone in a wheel chair, someone on crutches even), I could see this might serve as an inconvenience. But, like I said, at least there is an elevator.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/7/2013,52,116,2,3,4>Aristotle once said, "well begun is half done."  Lets just say that I am well begun with the Gyropolis menu.  Everything that I have tried has been delightful and I am definitely only half done trying stuff.  This place is not fancy but it is as clean as my Aunt Judy's house.  No dirt, grime or gunk anywhere to be seen.  We have only been here between meal times so it has never been too crazy like other people have said.  Also, they have one of those sweet spikits with the gigantic piece of lamb on it so they can shave the meat off and make your food amazing. And just so I am not sitting on my iPad reliving Gyrolopis experiences for the rest of the night, I will stick with my faves from their menu.  First and foremost, their falafel isn't regular falafel.  It  kicks all the other falafels asses with it's crunchy outside and moist, tender inside.  Dipped in spicy tzatziki?   It's slap yo Greek momma good. The faint taste of cumin and spice are just perfect.My favorite gyros have to be the Spicy Gyro and the Greek Chicken gyro.  Both come on uber soft pita and are just plain delightful.  The Spicy Gyro doesn't have the traditional fixins; it comes with peppers, onions and actual spicy tzatziki.  It was so good it made my nose run.  The Greek Chicken Gyro (or GCG as I like to call it) is a tradition gyro with chicken instead of lamb.  I love that my meat has never been dry and the greens are always super fresh.  There aren't a ton of tomatoes on the GCG but I prefer it that way.Here is the part where I would like to pretend that I am so familiar with Greek food and it is so authentic, but the truth is that I'm not.  I just really like good food. I should also mention that they have some really nummy pita bread and hummus that you can purchase to take home.  I would do it if I were you!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,8/6/2013,187,166,6,4,4>I happened to see the reviews and ratings that Pho 79 gets, so I mentioned it to my friend and coworker, Jack earlier this week, and that we should go sometime. He said he's been there (without me) as per his review on December 18, 2012.  And since he went there without me, he loses one star on the friend rating scale.Today was (surprise) yet another dreary wet spring in Minnesota, so we thought it would be a perfect Pho  day. Jack mentioned (as per his December review when he went without me) that there wasn't a lot of seating, so we decided to try and get there just before the lunch rush.  We were the last ones to get a table right away, and everyone else behind us had to wait as diners slurped down their meals.We both ordered the Spring Rolls, which consisted of pork & shrimp. The sauce wasn't a typical peanut sauce, but more of a Hoisin sauce. Still, it was tasty.For our meals, we both ordered Pho, and Jack's Special larger Pho 79 bowl (Rare lean beef, well done flank, fat brisket, soft tendon, tripe and meat balls) was large enough to feed an army...or me. I opted for the Spicy Pho, which had everything but the tripe.The value for this meal, as well as all the wonderful flavors make it worth the trip. Really. Why would you drop more money at that Clown's burger joint, when you get some fresh food for less than or about the same price?Located in a strip mall on the border of a neighborhood and industry, it's easy to miss. But miss it you should not. Just remember to avoid the busy times or you'll have to wait. We were perplexed at people taking this to go, but given there's not a lot of seating area, I guess some Pho is better than none at all.I'm glad Jack and I went to Pho 79 for lunch today. I guess he earned back that one star on the friend rating scale.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,8/5/2013,159,286,3,4,3>Lets see, great room in a nice area of St. Paul I really don't know well.  Add dinner with a good friend and throw in a sassy waitress and great food, perfect!I had seen this place on Yelp and had sort of wondered where it was for a while now.  The idea of venturing over to a new neighborhood (new for me, this is a great old part of St Paul) sounded perfect after a Friday night workout.  What's better to finish a workout with than a beer and some hopefully good Fish & Chips?This is a great room, not super large but nice and cozy with a great old bar.  The service, even the sassy waitress was perfect and the food was great.  Fish & Chips were crispy, not at all greasy and the fish was light and fresh.  The chips were way better than most places will lay on your plate, crisp with just the right amount of seasoning and served with a malt vinegar mayo.  They have a very good selection of local beers on tap and thats a plus!  My friend had the Fatty Melt, big burger with bacon and cheese and it was awesome!  I've got to say the menu had some solid basic dishes but very creative at the sometime.  I was tempted to try the special, duck breast served on risotto, but glad I had the Fish & Chips all the same. Ill definitely be back, if not just to get a little friendly abuse from a waitress, have a beer and a fabulous bite to eat!  KT
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/4/2013,30,49,3,6,5>I hate the dentist. BUT I went to Fiant Dental for the first time and my impression of the dentist is already changed. First, I love the brand personality. They are a sponsor of MN Roller Girls and totally embrace that fun attitude. It's great. They played classic oldies and the office was decorated so neat. (Plus, how many doctors offices have a New Yorker subscription?) Talk about a change from a stuffy, dreadful dentist office! My dental hygienist was super nice, didn't kill my mouth or try to ask me unnecessary questions as she was cleaning my teeth (one of the more annoying things that happens at a typical dentist.) The dentist was also great. He made funny Mad Men references, didn't reek of smoke like my last dentist (seriously), and had a very approachable style. I highly recommend if they're in your insurance network!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/3/2013,7,80,2,9,5>Now I have joined the ranks of Mona Lisa, Brooke Shields, and Denise Richards.  Perfect Brows.  I am not one to part with $30 cash on a whim, however this is place is a must on my beauty regimen (which previously consisted of washing my face and mascara).  My whole face looks brighter.  It's a 20 minute face lift.Try it: you will be a believer.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,8/2/2013,102,102,3,8,5>One of the better options for "Asian" food on the East Side! Generally Szechuan-style, with a few outliers. The place has nice atmosphere, beautiful decor. The waitstaff is brisk and punctual, but not what I'd call friendly. I adore the Juicy Buns appetizer. It's a little steamed dumpling with pork and broth inside it. Use the spoon, pour the sauce over it. Take a small bite and suck all the hot broth out. Carefully, don't burn yourself. Eat the rest of dumpling. Bask in its deliciousness. The beef and broccoli is good, the lo mein is good, the orange chicken is great. Pretty much all of the entrees we've tried were pretty good. They serve large portions, so order a soup or appetizer and share an entree :)
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,8/1/2013,28,79,5,6,4>The Midtown Global Market is one of those special places in Minneapolis that will be missed dearly if I ever relocate. My husband and I can agree on our love of food but not always on what we want to eat for a particular meal.  SOLUTION = MIDTOWN! I always go for the Pho at Pham's Deli or the Torta at Manny's. He loves the Gyro from Holy Land or Tacos from Los Ocampo. We can always decide on an end of meal treat from Salty Tart. Luckily, the awesomeness of Midtown is only half over. We always make time to explore the stands and local food offerings from the grocery section. Midtown is great for locals, visitors, and hungry individuals that most likely spent the last 2 hours + at the Driver and Vehicle Services downstairs. I'd be lying if I said it wasn't a strong motivator to finally getting my MN license.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2009,8/20/2009,7,16,14,4,4>Dear Independent,I would like my liver, waistline, and dignity back, which were methodically removed by your freakishly strong Long Island Ice Teas, ridiculously large portion of nachos, and co-ed restrooms, respectively.I'm all about value for the money, but if you're going to give me two Long Islands for the price of one, please warn me that you have stuffed every corner of the glass full of blood-sanitizing levels of alcohol.  And when I asked for the sour cream on the side of my nachos, I didn't mean that I wanted you to smear my nachos with sour cream and then give me a second helping of sour cream IN ADDITION on the side.And last, but not least, I will never go to the Independent for anything other than happy hour because a) the deals are much better at happy hour, b) after 7pm I don't think they let you in unless you are trying too hard, and c) I never want to stay long enough that I need to use their super bizarre co-ed bathroom (nothing like getting leered at by drunk guys while you're blow-drying your hands).Love,Everybody.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,8/19/2009,51,96,7,6,5>I stopped in here today to buy some organic vegetables since Whole Foods is out of the way and Rainbow's organic food section is slim and expensive. I was pleasantly surprised by the prices here, a lot of the fruits and vegetables prices were competitive with other grocery stores and they looked really fresh. Unfortunately the reason I came here was because I started a dumb detox diet on Monday that required I juice and blend every vegetable known to man so I was unable to try out some of the baked goods and the prepared foods. I can't wait til Monday when my detox diet is over and I can ravage the baked goods section like the beast that I am.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,8/18/2009,8,7,,3,3>One of my new favorite shops to go if I need to kill a few hours (and I've had to lately because of my home being on the market). They have a nice, partially covered patio to sit in. I personally like to sit on the sidewalk at one of the 2 tables they have out there when it's warm. The coffee's good, they have a decent selection of baked goods, and it's reasonably priced. Free Wifi, and inside, they have plug strips for laptops (still not something you always see at coffee shops). I like this place, obviously.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,8/17/2009,63,138,2,5,3>One of the best stations I have ever heard. I love the eclectic mix of music that they play and I love that you can go online and look at the playlist. Between my iPod and Sirius I rarely listen to the old fashioned radio anymore, but on those rare occasions I do, it's always 89.3. {on another note I'd also listen to Radio K but my car doesn't get AM stations for some reason} I always end up hearing a new (sometimes to everyone, sometimes just to me) song that I have to look up and download when I get home. For me it's one of the best places to find new music. Of course I don't always like what I hear. That's the beauty of it. It's different.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,8/16/2009,186,185,5,5,6>one caveat regarding my review. We ate here for fifty six cents. I'll explain.The fiancee and I went to Palomino befor the Boyz II men concert. We had reservations but found out Happy Hour was only in the bar area. Bar area it is.Atmosphere: As expected, the bar area was packed during HH but we found a spot. The bartender was great, giving us reccos on the appetizers and told us which $5 pizzas to avoid.Drinks: My better half had the cranberry mojito, made the right way. Simple syrup, mint, a perfect concotion. I merely had a Stella but drinks arrived fast.Rating: 7/10Brick Oven Roasted Clams: Awesome. The clams were perfectly cooked, not too chewy but the best part was the few pieces of garlic bread to soak up that scrumptious clam juice. Rating: 9/10Calamari Fritte: Eh. It was fried okay but came out lukewarm and just didn't blow us away (vs. other chain restaurant calamari like Maggiano's which is consistently crunchy and the perfect temperature).Rating: 5/10Prosciutto Pizza: We both had mixed feelings on the pizza. One one hand, the prosciutto was unique and roasted garlic is always savory but we found the pizza to be awkward since it was so big but thin. We found ourselves folding it up NY style.Overall: The food was a solid deal for happy hour, with 1/2 off appetizers, good drinks, and fast service, exactly what you should receive from a national chain restaurant.The lowdown on the why we paid fifty six cents.As you may know, the economy blows right now. The twolves had a promotion where you bought two tickets, you got $25 to palomino and a cheap hotel rate (I guess if you're date got really hammered on mojitos). After our meal, our check was $28 and change but after the gift certificate, it ended up being $0.50 because the state could only tax us on the end balance. Nice.We ended up tipping our waiters/bartenders 2000% for their hospitality, the first and last time we might get that opportunity.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,8/15/2009,35,41,10,14,10>Definitely still 5 stars after eating an actual dinner here last night! I'd give more stars if I could.Instead of a cocktail this time, I had a glass of Syrah, which was reallllly good. Between the four of us, we shared the Jasmine Crepe (vegetarian style), two bowls of the Vegetarian Pho, and Spicy Eggplant (with the addition of fried tofu). For apps, we had the Vegetarian Egg Rolls (which are actually vegan, remember) & the Salt & Pepper Tofu.Goddamn, this food is soooo good. Everything was amazing, and I especially loved the Pho. The broth was SO flavorful, and the vegetables, mock duck & tofu tasted so fresh.Bonus: Our server, who was the same one as last time, remembered our names! (I went back with the same friend & my boyfriend, plus the addition of one more.) We'd only been here one time like three weeks ago, so I couldn't believe he remembered all our names.I'm really glad I don't live right next door to Jasmine 26 because if I did, I'd be one FAT vegan. Seriously, I'd eat here everyday, and be fat & poor - but it would be worth it.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,8/14/2009,15,41,5,7,3>Another happy hour fav!You can get $3 beer and rail drinks, discount bloody marys and $3 appetizers!We had:The calamari-best I have had, perfect textureThe chili wings- crispy and sweet with a hint of spiceThe spring rolls- light and refreshingThe margarita was a little sweet, but they have a good selection of tap beer, and the specialty drinks are huge!Not to mention the hot waitress.Don't forget to grab a toothpick on your way out, you push down the head of a little bird and he holds a toothpick in his mouth....cutest thing ever.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,8/13/2009,42,108,,7,5>I just ate here for the first time last week, and I was very impressed.  The decor is minimalist and cheerful, which is a nice change of pace from many Thai joints.  The service was very quick and friendly, both at the bar and in the dining room.  I had the tofu satay and Pad Pak Taohoo with mock duck.  Both were delicious...fresh vegetables, strong spice and excellent peanut sauce.  They have a nice happy hour if you sit in the bar - 1/2 off of taps and appetizers.  I will definitely be going back!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,8/12/2009,36,404,5,5,5>My favorite place to be when the weather is nice. Sea Salt if you time it right-WILL NOT wait in line an hour. Looking at the waterfall, hiking, finishing it up with a coffee at Dunn's Bros. on Lake Street. Everything I love about the Spring. This is where I like to go on my birthday. Bathrooms are nasty though. It's always a great place to get cool pictures. Waterfalls make everyone look like they are leading an interesting life!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2008,8/10/2009,36,44,3,10,5>Maybe it was an off day. Or maybe things just aren't quite up to speed at Hell's Kitchen's new, much larger digs, but today's was my first merely so-so experience with the place. Too bad, since the friend accompanying me had long wanted to check it out. Entering through the non-descript building that now houses Hell's Kitchen is initially a bit off putting. But it's oh so perfect that you have to descend--by elevator--to the subterranean basement level. As the elevator doors open you find yourself in an environment that is familiar to anyone who visited Hell's Kitchen at its old 10th Street location. By the end of our Saturday brunch, the one thing my  companion, Maggie, was crazy about was the décor--fun, yet elegant--and Hell's Kitchen's maze of rooms. Unlike my first attempt to get a table at the old H.K.--three of us arrived before 8 a.m. on a weekday and were told that the wait would be at least an hour--and then my second, on a Sunday when a group of us were told to expect a two hour wait, minimum--the new Hell's Kitchen is spacious enough that we were accommodated with little problem. There was, however, some tension in the waiting area. Patrons weren't sure where to cue up, and the staff seemed unaware that the crowds were getting huffy. Next was the seating, which was also less than ideal.  Accustomed to long, leisurely Saturday breakfasts, we were surprised, and not in a good way, when the hostess directed us to a tall table with stools, not the comfy booth we'd envisioned. Relieved to have gotten in as easily as we did, we didn't complain. That wasn't the case with the two women who followed. Unlike us, they knew that H.K. now takes reservations. Having made a reservation two weeks in advance, they were vocal in their displeasure at having been seated at a table like ours. Settling in to a nice conversation, it took awhile until it dawned on us that we had waited an awfully long time for our meal to arrive. Thankfully we had coffee to keep us going, but my stomach was close to the growling stage when our orders finally came. I'd ordered the lemon ricotta hotcakes. Pancakes are one thing I have a talent for making, so rarely order them out, but I make an exception for these luscious, lemony babies. They're exquisite, both in flavor and texture. Light, yet rich, they're bursting with so much lemony goodness that I, at least, find no need to use the overly generous amounts of butter and syrup that accompany them. Powdered sugar, sprinkled on top, is a nice touch. So are the blueberries, strawberries, and plump, juicy blackberries. My companion's Classic All-American Breakfast wasn't quite up to par. Her eggs, ordered over easy, arrived hard and rubbery. The server had no problem correcting the problem, but she took note. All of these strikes were adding up to a less than stellar first impression. The bison sausage did earn praise. And the coffee kept coming, always a plus at any breakfast or brunch spot. While Maggie said she wouldn't be rushing back, I've had such positive experiences in the past that I'm confident I'll give Hell's Kitchen another chance, but I'll wait until some of the kinks are ironed out. I also look forward to checking it out for dinner. Hurray for the expanded hours!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,4/9/2010,39,93,2,5,3>Last night I was invited to join some friends and family to attend, "Brett Favre's Christmas Spectacular: The Immaculate Interception" Christmas show, and the Brave New Work shop sure delivered like they have every time I've been there!!!  Ok, so I've only been there twice, but their Christmas show held up to every positive rumor I've heard about the Christmas show!The Brave New Workshop is always on top of current events, and when it comes to poking fun at politics or religion there is no bias, as some might say, "They're equal opportunity assholes."  Not only does The Brave New Workshop deliver (the two times) every time I've been there, but the small venue allows even the people sitting in back feel like they're right up front.  You can almost taste the words!...and make sure you take into account this is coming from someone who hates "live plays" but I wouldn't even call it that, its just one great comedy show...is that still considered a play???Enjoy!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2010,4/8/2010,63,127,17,7,6>First dates - so awkward.What's more awkward is the host making his round through the restaurant looking for a single male with the obvious I'm-waiting-for-my-fashionably-late-date-look only to come back to tell me (in a pretty loud voice), "I don't think your date is coming... err.. here yet."After an awkward silence (awkward seems to be a theme), I asked for a quiet, secluded booth; he obliged.The restaurant is dim.  The booths are pretty private.  The bar area is really cool.  The atmosphere is great and I definitely recommend for a date! Remember - you order your protein, but you should also order sides; they're large enough to share.  I definitely recommend the wild rice stuffed pork chop if you're not a a beef fan.  And the asparagus and loaded mashed potatoes are delicious!  Oh, and you get just the most amazing bread beforehand!  Good food is not awkward.I loved the Shiraz-Cab wine.  He loved his water.  Awkward!I also am a big fan of the wait staff.  They're pretty cheesy, but you'll get used to it.  And they have someone roll out his/her little cart to take away your leftovers to box up.So, yeah, great first date place in the 'burbs.  And as always, good food made by the Parasole Company.  But all this good stuff could not make the awkward goodbye better....
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2009,4/7/2010,192,528,,11,7>I stopped in for their Sunday night dinner deal, after 8:00 p.m. you can enjoy 2 salads, 2 plates of pasta, a carafe of wine, fresh bread and an olive plate for just $28. If you want meat in you pasta it is an extra $2.50-$3.50 per dish. We arrived about 10 minutes after 8:00 and the host said it would be about 15-20 minutes. We did not call ahead, which is recommended. The guy in line ahead of us scoffed when the host offered him a flashing pager so he would know when the table is ready. He says "I'm a big boy, I don't do pagers, I'll be in the parking lot. You can come get me when the table is ready." His table was actually ready in about 5 minutes, but he didn't stick around, so we were seated after only 5 minutes of waiting. We were pretty hungry, but they had the bread, wine and olives out within a minute or two. Great fresh bread and decent olives. The salad was mixed greens with a very light sweet dressing. Plenty of olive oil, balsamic and fresh grated Parmesan for the bread. The pasta was great, the sauce wasn't too heavy, I had the Bolognese with spicy sausage. Minnesota spicy was how the waiter described it and I would say he was correct. It wasn't bland, but it didn't really hit you as hot. I filled up so much on the salad, bread and olives that I was able to save half the pasta for lunch the next day. It reheated well. My dining partner had the rosemary red cream sauce with penne pasta, which I think was a little better. It was like a mix of the red and white sauce with a couple sprigs of fresh rosemary. It's an open kitchen so you can see the chefs cook your pasta. We sat at the pasta bar. It makes for a different dining experience. It feels like you are having dinner with everyone at the bar. There are also about 15 or so tables around the restaurant. The restaurant was bright and lively, for Linden Hills anyways. Nice decor, kind of minimalist. The wait staff was highly attentive. Finally, the to go containers are made of cardboard. I always feel bad taking Styrofoam containers that will sit in a landfill forever.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,4/6/2010,2758,892,55,12,17>I finally worked up the courage to ask Bar La Grassa out tonight. And call me what you will, but I am totally giving it up on the first date. I know everyone has been crushing on Bar La Grassa since it opened. It's 100% justified. It's just so... attractive. The fresh homemade pasta, the the open kitchen, the exposed brick, the menu with 1/2 portions... gosh, I'm blushing.I want to fall asleep in the plush soft eggs and lobster bruschetta, spoon all night with the playful calamarata and raw tuna and wake up next to the orechiette with fork-tender braised rabbit. The gnocchi with cauliflower and orange can watch.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,4/5/2010,42,103,,9,3>This is 5-stars for Minneapolis. This scene shouldn't be good at seafood and Sea Change proves that thinking wrong. And does so very well. Knowing I'm most recently from Virginia Beach, where crab is king, and knowing I grew up in the Northeast, with Maine and lobsters, I have had very good seafood. I've been on the East Coast for 25-years prior to moving to Minneapolis. For that reason, I didn't expect much when I walked into Sea Change. I figured it would be good, but I had no idea it would be as good as it was.Dave (flavadav.yelp.com) and Tina invited Kristi and I, and we joined them in the bar as we waited for a Raw Bar seat. Dave said it was essential to sit at the Raw Bar, and boy was he right. Definitely sit at the Raw Bar the next time you go. Watching the staff craft those dishes before your eyes was such a treat. Between the four of us we had:Bristol Bay King CrabHawaiian Yellowfin TunaRaw OystersFlorida Pink ShrimpGrilled OctopusSpot PrawnsSteamed MusselsEverything was prepared with such delicacy and was a beautiful plate. Holly (Raw Bar staff)  talked us through each dish with each respective ingredient. It was honestly like sitting on the panel on "Top Chef"We finished with two desserts, I cannot recall their exact names as it has been a few days now since our visit, but both were prepared very well and were a perfect end to the evening's meal.Great atmosphere, and such a nicely designed and decorated space. An attentive staff. Great wine list. It was a real treat to dine there.If you have not been, go, sit at the Raw Bar and grab a few small plates. You'll notice with my list of items consumed above, none are entrees -- you don't need to touch those, you can really get a feel for Sea Change by doing all small plates. Watch the care that goes into each dish by sitting at the Raw Bar, and enjoy your dish that much more knowing the consideration that went into it.A great seafood place here in the Twin Cities. 5-stars for sure due to the area. 4-stars definitely if compared to other major market sea food restaurants, possibly 5. I no longer need to search for a sea food place when visitors come into town. Thanks Sea Change, and well done.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2009,4/4/2010,41,188,10,5,5>Best average Chinese food I've found in Brooklyn Park. Better than food court, better than Leann Chin. Woo hoo! Raise the roof! I came here for the lunch buffet. It's a small buffet and out of everything the sesame pork, fried rice, and the canton style skinny lo mein were the best.  I wasn't a fan of the wallpaper pasty egg drop soup, the 5 spice heavy egg rolls, and the lack of white rice.Aside from that, the owner is funny. He said to me, "You Chinese." "No." Then in one breath he said, "You Vietnamese. Laotian. Hmong. Then what?!"I was nodding no furiously fast while getting my grub.At asian restaurants they always... I mean ALWAYS say, "You Korean." For once, I was pegged for a whole bunch of other ethnicities. Woo hoo.Have a North Hennepin College ID (staff & students) get 15% off. Lucky peeps.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2009,4/3/2010,186,185,,5,4>Second Review. Fuji-Ya just went to 5 stars. Here's why.1) Amuse Bouche is now extremely tasty marinated salmon vs. just salad.2) Kama Hama Yellowtail Collar was as good as ever tonight. One of the best deals around for $8.3) Our Itamae had fresh wasabi behind the counter and was kind enough to share it with us. If you haven't had it, it's skyscrapers better than the green pasty crap.4) Sushi overall was once again very fresh, with one exception.5) Free Dessert (Pineapple and Strawberry).One thing that wasn't so good. I won't order the ama ebi here again. It's not fresh enough but I didn't expect that in minneapolis.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,4/2/2010,65,260,,6,5>Yum Yum Yum. First the interior is all wood panel and it is very Minnesotan. Wait staff was really friendly! I shared an appetizer platter with a friend and it came with large portions of mild feta cubes, olives, spicy peppers, hummus and Baba Ghanoush. The hummus was a little blan, but by no means bad. All served with a generous portion of flat bread. I also ordered the Spinach Pie, and for $5 it was a steal!! Normally when i eat Greek I'm begging for more cheese in spanakopita because the spinach is so blan ... but this was FANTASTIC, no cheese and i didn't want any. There were great spices mixed with an appropriate amount of spinach all wrapped up in a toasted pocket. And we got some Baklava to go .... couldn't resist. It was DELISH! It had a unique hit of ... orange peel maybe? we couldn't guess but there was something unique there. I'm ready to go back SOON!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,4/1/2010,102,347,15,77,6>I went to Joffe for LASIK last spring, and wanted to wait until I was fully recovered to write a review.First of all, my experience at Joffe was really incredible.  So incredible, I refer anyone who asks about it in a heartbeat, and so far, two of my friends have gotten LASIK performed there.  So if you're too lazy to read the rest of my review, know you're in good hands.In the past, some a-hole eye doctor had told me that I wasn't eligible for lasik since my vision was so poor (-7.75 contact lens prescription).  I mentioned this on the phone booking my consultation, and they assured me that typically doesn't qualify/unquality you - only the shape of your eye, density of your cornea, things like that, could really affect your eligibility.  So, good news to begin.It took several weeks to get the initial appointment.  The consultation is about 2 hours long, including an eye dilation, so keep that in mind as you try to balance your work day (Excel + dilated eyes = trippy).  When I had my surgery, if you booked within 4 weeks of your consultation, you received a $300 discount.  I imagine they run this offer all/most of the time, but I'm not sure.During your consultation, they prep you by making you watch videos of the surgery in animated form.  I mostly tuned these out - for me, ignorance was bliss.  Seeing a cartoon eye get cut open by a cartoon scalpel is still frightening.  I know they're trying to set you up for what surgery will be like, but if you're squeamish (but want to do it anyway) like me, this method kind of worked.  If I truly knew what was going to happen, I'm not entirely sure I could have gotten on the surgery bed.I booked my appointment for a Friday morning, which was probably the best time to do it.  Your eyes heal insanely quickly, but it was nice to have a couple days to recover and rest since they're so dry afterward.Joffe really works to get you relaxed - a cup of tea, a dose of Valium, and a massage chair (facing a TV screen with an aquarium scene) really did it for me.  I was literally dozing off in the half hour before my surgery.Once I got on the table though, my adrenaline piqued.  Keep in mind, you're awake for the surgery, and you have to, you know, keep your eyes open (well, an apparatus holds them open, but still) and watch as they cut them open and shoot lasers at them.  I was incredibly scared and nervous, but this would have been the same anywhere.  My experience had been pleasant so far, and I trusted them, but regardless, overall knives and lasers in your eye is truly terrifying.  I feel like they made it as calm and quick as possible, and told me each step of the way what was going on, what was going to happen next, and how long it would take - which I was really impressed with.  Once I sat up from my surgery, I could already see better than when I laid down - freaky!Boyfriend drove me home, where I popped my own Ambien (they do not provide this service, unlike the Valium) and slept from about 11 am - 6 pm.  When I awoke, all was well and I could see pretty well.  Joffe books a follow up about 24 hours post-surgery - by the next morning, they measured me at almost 20/20.One month later, I was at 20/20, which was a huge improvement over my truly terrible vision before.  Everyone reacts differently, but I have had absolutely no complications.  My eyes aren't overly dry, and while I still see "halos" at night, they're not too bothersome.BTW, my two friends are also incident-free.  I would highly, highly recommend Joffe... and if you want more details on my personal experience, feel free to send me a message!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,3/31/2010,114,242,6,3,4>As you all know I have a quest for the perfect cupcake.   I have to say it is not at the Salty Tart (hold off before you send the hate mail).   But what I did find was the perfect creamy love of the cream filled brioche (a tear is in my eye for the memory of it).    I wish I would not have shared this with P.   I would definitely go back for this pastry love.    We also got a loaf of their whole wheat bread and croissants for tomorrow's breakfast.   Now a moment of silence for the cream filled brioche.   How I wish I had more of you.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,9/7/2008,1,7,6,4,4>I took my now Girlfriend here for our third date.  She was aware of Ethiopia as a country, but hadn't ever had one of those, "I wonder what/how Ethiopians eat." moments.  Well, she got a quick lesson after apprehensively agreeing to eat there.  After a little bit, it was obvious that eating the food Ethiopian style (using your bread to scoop delicious mush from the community platter) was a couple degrees north of normal for her.  But, she's a good sport, and the good food obviously encouraged her to experiment.  We shared a veggie/meat combo platter, it was tasty.  The service was a little slow, but as we were still in the stage where we wanted to hear each other speak (kidding) the time went by quickly.  The atmosphere has been described as dingy, but I think that's not far off from romantic, it's hard to get a next date when she's seen your every stray hair and into the depths of your pores under the unforgiving and harsh glare of 200 watts of fluorescent lighting.  At least that's been my experience, your mileage may vary.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,9/5/2008,38,397,,7,4>Best hot chocolate in the state of MN.  It's like entering a country you never knew about.. They have organic food, vegan cookies that are ok, and agave syrup on the tables. It smells good and people are friendly. The front room is full of scents and jewelry and free samples of expensive chocolate and bars. Sooo fun
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,9/4/2008,3,17,,2,3>This review applies to the light rail system in general, not any particular station.  This past weekend, I used the light rail to travel to & from MSP.  I don't think I'll ever take a cab again.  I live reasonably close to the airport in the Kingfield neighborhood.  It's probably a 12-15 minute drive in light to moderate traffic.  It's probably a $25 cab ride with tip.On Friday I took the #23 bus to the 38th Street light rail station, then took the light rail to the Lindbergh terminal.  During rush hour (6a-9a & 3p-6p), my trip to the airport using the bus/light rail cost $2 & took 45 minutes.  On my return trip, which was non rush hour, it was $1.50 & took about 35minutes.  There was nothing intimidating about taking the bus & light rail-it appeared to be mostly commuters & school age kids, it was clean & well lit, & there were heat lamps in the shelter at the 38th Street station.  I should say that I live close enough to 38th Street to walk to the bus stop there, but I don't see that there's anything to stop someone from another neighborhood from parking near the bus line-depends on what you're comfortable with.   But as I said, I don't think I'll be spending extra money to take a cab.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,9/3/2008,8,8,2,4,4>"I don't cry over spilled milk, but a fallen scoop of ice cream is enough to ruin my whole day."   I dunno who said that, but man, if I dropped my Birthday Cake Ice cream waffle cone on the side walk the five second rule would not apply!  The long lines in the summer are worth the wait.  I always take my out of town guests here after a dinner or lunch on grand ave. The cakes are good too and I love em because it's cake and ice cream, not just ice cream shaped like a cake.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2008,9/2/2008,147,345,4,6,5>OK - Maybe today was a fluke. I went to MGM because it was hot out and I was tired after a long day at work and I had to get a gift. And nothing says "Good Luck in your new Job!" like a bottle of booze. And I just didn't want to drive the extra mile or two to get to my usual alcohol store. So I went to MGM instead. I got a great parking spot. The store was clean and organized. The cashier was helpful and friendly and not weird or pushy. I was in and out in 5 minutes with exactly what I needed. Can you ask for much more than that? OK - You can but it exceeded my expectations so I was tickled. So maybe this was a fluke - as I have definitely had much more negative experiences at this MGM. But this time it was good so I have to give them Credit. KEEP IT UP!!!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2007,9/1/2008,24,165,4,3,6>Oh the VEGAS!!  Definitely one of my top karaoke spots, this bar also boasts incredibly cheap and strong drinks, pull tabs AND a meat raffle...in addition to having karaoke all the time!!  All of the accouterments of small town MN without the road trip!!  ;)
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,8/31/2008,47,152,5,4,4>I have never been to a state fair of any kind but as a first-timer, I would have to give this event two thumbs up. Where else can you:- eat your weight in cheese curds and corn dogs/pups whatever the hell they called. - watch a cow giving birth ( my least favorite attraction)- see a giant squash the size of a papizan chair- witness middle aged women sporting midriffs and high heels- take a boat excursion on a 95 year old ride called the Ye Old Mill. The  conductor called it the oldest tunnel of love. I call it a dark, dank river of blue Kool-Aid.Apparently there was also deep fried bacon covered in chocolate that I missed. Bummer, because I am in desperate need of a coronary.  I will say that I was impressed with the public transportation to and from the event. I live right near Snelling and hopped on the free park n' ride bus. I am glad I went on the first night, because it was not very crowded. I can only imagine what it is like on a Saturday afternoon. Oh, and the little pink piglets were cute, but I had to remind myself that they are soon to be bacon smothered in chocolate. mmmm
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,8/30/2008,56,94,1,7,6>Tucked away in the lower side of St. Paul sits a gem.  While decorated simply Tanpopo makes up for it quickly with the attention brought to the food.We ordered the spring rolls...delicately crispy filled with vegetables.  It was served with rice, the classic miso soup, a small but very pleasant salad filled with romaine, red onions, carrots and a tasty peanut sauce. I've had the opportunity to try a couple of other items during our monthly rite of passage to Tanpopo. The Shrimp Danburi is quite good as well as the sushi.I see they advertise sushi classes in the evening.  I'm tempted to go!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2008,8/29/2008,80,225,9,9,7>Dear Woodbury Panera staff,I'm not going to lie, you guys WERE really nice. The problem? You're also super slow. I'm not asking for you to make Panera your life and yes, I do know what it's like to work behind a counter and serve people food because I did it myself for way too long. But...I also know it's not a good idea to talk shit about your co-workers and to actually STOP working to continue your conversation. I mean, it's not like I can't see you because you ARE five feet away from me. I'm hungry and I've been waiting for 10 minutes for my soup and I've been watching you (there's nothing else to look at while you stand at the end of that counter) and know the reason for the hold up is because you are insisting on telling the kid next to you how awesome your weekend was. Also, I don't know what you guys put in your corn chowder but shit was SPICY. This is Minnesota and I don't like the spice. Your other locations seem to understand this. Still, you guys were nice and the place was super clean. So thanks for that.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2008,8/28/2008,2,7,2,6,4>I often forget about how classy this joint is.  I've been by here for drinks and dinner a few times before, and I always have a great time.  Then somehow, I forget about the whole experience until I happen back here on a whim about 6 months later. JD Hoyt's really seems to really know the meaning of the word service.  During dinner tonight, the manager of the restaurant stopped by a couple of times just to make sure we were having a good time, and the bartender was top notch.I had a prime rib sandwich tonight, which was amazing!  I've also had great steak and chicken here before.  I'd say that the prime rib sandwich was definitely the best thing I've had in a long time (and definitely the best thing I've had at JD Hoyt's.)    If you are one to enjoy a supper club every now and then, you should add this place to your rotation.  Definitely one of the best in Minneapolis.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,4/27/2011,81,185,1,5,6>Fish fry worthy of the Wisconsin tradition but it's next door in St. Paul. Excellent AYCE beer-battered cod, skinny fries and fabulous cole slaw with celery seeds, probably my new favorite cole slaw in the metro. Only thing missing from the Sconnie Friday night ritual is rye bread. The accordian player is a blast. Ask him about his day job. Naw, don't, he plays accordian there to fuggitaboutit.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,4/26/2011,34,89,8,6,4>Urban Bean is the new love of my life. When I need to get some 'work' done this is where I'll be. The other reviews are right--there are TONS of outlets & seats and little chatter. The internet is faster than any other free spot I've ever been. My mocha, coffee and krispy treat were all delicious. If you had some veggie friendly sandwiches- I'd propose. This is the first coffee shop that I've seen people bring full-sized keyboards to plug into their laptops. Apparently it is a hot spot for people concerned about carpal tunnel.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,4/25/2011,441,746,8,5,1>One would think that a trough could be found out in the country, with horses dipping their heads into it, their lower jaws working in that funny counter clockwise motion (if they are american...australian horses work the jaw the other way, I assume).So imagine my surprise when at an event for interactive marketing professionals such as myself, I find one in the bathroom! Not the horse, of course, but the trough urinal! Elusive as a unicorn and as hard to catch as a ghost.But folks, this isn't any trough urinal. It's a rain-trough-urinal! I felt like the man who discovered the Rainforest Cafe while hacking his way through the vines and overgrowth of some remote S. America country did when he stumbled upon his first cafe, which he promptly packed up brick by brick and brought back to Bloomington.I half expected a macaw to swoop over my head, or a boa to run up my leg.Alas, the constriction in my chest wasn't from any snake, but from the beautiful discovery before me.Trust me ladies when I say that all urinals are not created equal.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,4/24/2011,154,274,5,8,6>This store is owned and run by two guysthat have been best friends and video gamers since they were kids.That alone is a cool thing.The shop is, darn I say, cute, and has character.The guys running the store are personable and will help you with any questions or needs you may have.Prices are fair and they honor their product.You can buy games for every systemand every system for every game.You can buy, sell or tradeand they have a guy that knows how to fix some systems.It's a little bit of a drive,but it's worth it if you're looking for good selectionthat won't end up emptying your wallet.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,4/23/2011,52,160,4,7,8>Reason # 1098 for loving this Record Store:I emailed Bob at The Electric Fetus from their website on May 28th to inquire about their ability to get a vinyl copy of "Mos Dub", a semi obscure remix of Mos Def by Max Tanonne in New York (he also did Jaydiohead, a mash up of Radiohead and Jay-Z which the Fetus had in stock a while back...which I promptly purchased in excitement)I had a reply that afternoon that he would check, and a voice mail on my phone a day later that he had a copy reserved for me to pick up, and the price (under 15 bucks)...and that he had ordered an extra to put in the rack.  I have warm vinyl fuzzies all over.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,4/22/2011,39,268,3,11,6>Other cities have Chinatown, Little Italy, Japantown but we've got Hmong Village.  We were over in St. Paul this weekend so decided to check it out.  I didn't really know what to expect.  Other than reading an article about it, I haven't heard much.  Walking in reminded me of my old storage unit building.  There are a bunch of garage-like stalls with a variety of vendors.  One end of the building is filled with food vendors serving various asian dishes.  The other end is a produce market.  In between are small shops selling anything from DVDs to clothing.  We ordered a papaya salad ($4), egg rolls ($2), pho ($5.50), tricolor ($1) and lemongrass chicken ($5).  The egg rolls were ok, not much meat and spent too much time under the heat lamp.  The pho was pretty good for the price as was the lemongrass.  We really liked the papaya salad but it was pretty spicy (we ordered mild).  The tricolor was sweet and refreshing, and also helped bring down the heat of the papaya salad.We were there later on a Sunday night so I'm not sure if all the vendors were open - a lot of the stall doors were closed.  There were still plenty of things to check out though and plenty of food vendors to choose from.  I'm sure we'll be back.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,4/21/2011,77,572,,4,4>Haven't been to the Minnie location yet - I have this thing about pizza being local and easily accessible - thusly, I am so, so, so happy that a DTSP location has opened. It's cozy and just the ticket for the area.Got a small house salad, which was massive. The creamy vinaigrette was okay. I was craving a few more tomatoes and maybe some diced cucumbers, but the kalamata are awesome.Also got a 16" custom with some mush and goat cheese. The pie was massive!! And pretty much just the way we like it, NY-style with a thin crust that was solid enough to support the cheese and toppings. Totally different than Punch, which I like, and infinitely better than Savoy (sorry, dudes).Surly and Summit on tap = love. Didn't inquire about the guest brews.I am not sure if dessert is available, because we got our bill right after our plates were cleared, but a scoop o' Izzy's would sure do the trick!!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,4/20/2011,14,55,1,5,5>When someone asks me if I know of a "biker bar" in the area, my first thought is always The Joint. They have an awesome, gigantic patio and enough parking for hundreds of bikes. The place is always full of leather, but even if you aren't sporting chaps, you feel right at home in this WAY to large to be a "dive", dive style bar.After a long night of partying at my house, a few friends and I piled in the car in search of an awesome Sunday Morning breakfast. One of our group suggested The Joint. I had been plenty of times for other reasons so I was excited to try breakfast.We were there right at 10am. For less than $6, I endulged in an omelette STUFFED with veggies and cheese, hash browns, and toast - AND all their breakfasts come with a drink ticket good for a Bloody Mary or Screwdriver. My Bloody was delicious (especially the pickle spear) and the omelette was pretty amazing. Just what the Dr. ordered after a long night of fun.BONUS:  for being RIGHT on the Hiawatha light rail line. You can practically SPIT on the bar from the train stop.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,4/19/2011,139,324,2,4,5>Dandelion Kitchen, where were you today?!    I am quickly becoming an addict.  I love the grilled cheese and slaw (I am going to see if they will put my onions inside for me next time to make it a little easier to eat).  Even better, the BLT with maple bacon and avocado!  Even better than that, the homemade basil lime soda!  I still need to try the chicken sandwich, but I keep getting the other two because they are so darn tasty.  The only thing that wasn't a total win was the side salad.  Delicious field greens with radishes and beets.  The scent of the dressing elicited reactions from every co-worker near my desk though, so it has been banned.  Boo.  I'll just bring a different dressing though.  At $2.50, that salad is a steal compared to the others I have found downtown.  The people working the cart could not be any nicer.  I will be sad when food cart season is over.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,4/18/2011,264,422,4,4,4>Finally got to try the Red Stag Supperclub after thoroughly enjoying the Red Stag Block Party a few months back. BTDubs, it was a great party, and introduced me to one of the coolest local acts, Heiruspecs. :)The moment you enter the restaurant, you feel like you've come in to Grover Cleveland's summer cabin (that, or the G.W Bush cabin in "Harold and Kumar Escape to Guantanamo Bay"). It had beautiful lighting, comfortable seating, and a great ambiance overall. Because it was friggin' cold outside, I decided to try one of their hot beverages and went for the Alhambra, which is a spicy chocolate drink with a hit of cayenne and cognac. It tasted wonderful, tasted the alcohol more than the chocolate, and the cayenne provided a nice back heat to my uvula. For appetizers, we had the cheese curds, which even a year after living in the Midwest I still can't get over what an awesome concept it is. Fried cheese for goodness' sake! And this was a very good rendition, not too salty, has an almost buttery and crunch coating, and paired perfectly with the cool, sweet tang of the ketchup. The only thing I don't get was what the Frank E. Furter was that thing paired with the bread service. It wasn't hummus, but it was most definitely NOT butter. Anyone can tell? Illuminate my mind, please. For the entrees, we had two dishes, the squash ravioli and the Slow Food special, which was a fork-tender braised beef pot roast with fingerling potatoes and (ack!) kale. The pasta was not phenomenal, but it was tasty; you definitely taste the sweet squash coming through. The menu said it was in a spicy tomato sauce, but it didn't really come off as caliente para mi; I loved the globs of fresh mozarella (say 'mozzarella' with a thick Italian accent like Giada de Laurentiis...then punch yourself for sounding pretentious. You're not Italian.)The braised beef was fantastic, though. It was obviously slow cooked, because the only way you can attain a texture that flaky, fall-aparty is by braising the meat low and slow. The au jus was slurplicious, the fingerling potatoes perfectly cooked, and the only thing I forgot was how freaking bitter kale is. Dessert was smores, which was deconstructed campfire smores with peanut butter terrine and two big marshmallows. I just gotta toot my own horn here, but I totally nailed that almond extract that the chef put in the smores just for that night. I'm like the princess and the almond extract is the pea under that layer of terrine, yo.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,3/7/2011,35,92,4,11,6>I moved to my new place today, and I chose these guys based on their mostly-stellar yelp reviews.I am so glad I made that decision!  These guys were ridiculously fast (the whole process took less than 2 hours), and very, very careful.  No complaining about my apartment being a mess, no questioning my packing with trash bags (I ran out of boxes)  -- just efficient, friendly service.   The made a potentially horrifying move (seriously, who moves in January?) very easy and for a good price.I did the provide my own truck option, and everything went without a hitch (truck joke!).  Highly, highly recommended.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,3/6/2011,413,275,4,6,4>Having Sebastian in the name, I walk in half expecting someone in a crab suit to bust out in song.. "Unda da snow, unda da snow, down where it's colda, ice cream is betta, take it from meee!" Little Mermaid was my favorite Disney movie growing up.So what if it's below freezing outside? I HAD to get my ice cream fix. My friends all know that I love my ice cream. It's the one thing I have to get in every place I visit is. If I'm gonna move somewhere, a must is a good ice cream place and Minneapolis sure does. This is a bold statement for me to say: Sebastian Joe's is the best. ice cream. I. have. ever. had. And for a cherry on top, as a marketing major, I can appreciate cute marketing. Sebastian Joe's offers discounts on ice cream based on how cold it is outside. Big Bark (White Chocolate with Almonds), Oreo, Angelica (Hazelnut Coffee) are all orgasmically amazing. The texture of the ice cream is so creamy and the flavors are very good.Despite the fact that I was layered up like a mad person, came back to Texas with a cold after two days in Minneapolis, having ice cream from Sebastian Joe's make it all worth the sniffles.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,3/5/2011,26,166,3,9,5>This Memorial Day evening I was dying for some Mexicanish food, but didn't want to pay all that much after an expensive holiday weekend. I flipped through the Entertainment book, and decided on a place that ended up being out-of-business... With my evening nearly ruined (dramatic much?), I flipped through again but couldn't find another Mexican restaurant within a reasonable distance from home. But then I found nearby Guayaquil Restaurant and I decided to go ahead and try some Ecuadorian food. The nice part is the menu has Mexican items as well as more traditionally South American items. My girlfriend got chicken fajitas, and I got the beef stew dish with fried plantains. Both were delicious and of high-quality. I almost gave 5 stars, but the standard prices are a little on the expensive side for this part of town, and the "hole-in-the-wall" nature of the place. Other than that, it was terrific and a nice change from the thousands of burger joints in the Twin Cities. FYI... happy hour from 4-7pm, Monday through Friday, although not on holidays. Also, looks to be a fun place to watch the World Cup later this month!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,3/4/2011,47,38,9,1,3>I'll spare you the joke about jamming tons of meat into your body. Fogo de Chao is one of the most white trash things wrapped up in an outstanding package.  This is a lazy mans buffet, you get to sit still in your chair and guys bring the food to you.  It's like an awesome Old Country Buffet without the annoyance of all that exercise.  I shouldn't discredit it by comparing it to a buffet though.  This truly is great meat, great service, good location, and a very reasonably priced lunch special.  I'd tell you about the salad bar everyone raves about but I'm not about to be made a sucker when all these fine cuts are being flung about. Fogo is a must go.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/3/2011,24,38,4,10,6>My wife and I regularly hit Cafe Maude so we were eagerly awaiting the opening of In Season. We had heard the most amazing things about Chef Don and I must say that our first experience there exceeded my expectations by a long shot. I was just hoping for more good food, but wow...We had the cheese plate, fried squid, ricotta ravioli and caramel bread pudding for dessert. Everything had a wow factor to it. I can't wait to go again. Great wine list and great staff as well. The staff was laid back and knowledgable and I also have to comment on the playlist! Nice work! The music choices where excellent (nothing worse than everything done right and then that terrible saxophone Musak crap in the background. The Cheesecake Factory loves to crank that stuff). Another bonus is the little bar in the back. If you just want a small plate and a few glasses of wine it's fun to sit there. You can see what's happening in the kitchen, which makes for nice side entertainment. We'll be back soon.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,3/2/2011,62,178,2,7,4>Talk about upscale "Dave & Busters" entertainment venue, minus the chaos and children (please, please leave your young kids at home for this night out)!  The decor, ambiance and set-up of Pinstripes is some of the best I've seen.  Come hungry and bored, you will most definitely leave full of outstanding food and have a great time.  The varied options of seating and entertainment make each visit to Pinstripes brand new.  Love the stone and wood decor.The outdoor patio with an extremely large fire pit (read: 12+ people) and heaters increases the size of the space year-round.  The view of Centennial lakes and great sunsets, valet parking and an easy access location round off the key points of Pinstripes eminent success.  I will often recommend and attend Pinstripes!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/1/2011,65,311,1,4,8>Until Pizza Lucé arrived on Blake Road in Hopkins, this little stretch of road had the allure of a scene from "The Road" by Cormac McCarthy, i.e., post-apocalytpic city planning.But with the addition of Pizza Lucé (conveniently located on a bike trail), this once proud area of Hopkins (actually, that might be a stretch) might experience a renaissance.  And if it doesn't, no matter; Lucé might be enough with their impressive beer selection, solid wine offering, and fantastic food (sure the pizza is great but so is everything else).
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,2/27/2011,82,170,,4,3>It's pretty hard not to walk in this place when you smell the aroma of fresh baked bread outside. Then you walk in and you see rows of sweets, breads and pastries. Hard to resist! They are always generous about handing out samples too if you're not sure what you want. It's a small bakery so during the holidays or peak seasons you may even see a line forming outside to place or pick up your order. The great thing is that you can call ahead if you want to reserve anything. They'll have your items set aside for you. For frequent shoppers there are also "punch" cards. It's a good thing this place isn't next door because if it was I know I'd go there way too often. One of my favorite bakeries!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,2/26/2011,119,73,6,8,5>Me?  I'm not a thrifter.  Most of the time when I walk into a vintage store I smell like mold, gawk at high prices for old things, dread sifting through endless racks, and feel in desperate need of some department store therapy. Rewind is heaven.  Moderately priced items in great condition.  Well organized.  No musty smell.  Holla!  I have finally found my place in the vintage world.  I bought some retro-chic sunglasses for only $9, and I am obsessed.  Every Yelper seems to be raving about their accessories, and for good reason!  I'm lucky I didn't bring my credit card, or my bank account would be in trouble and my jewelry rack would be sagging under the burdensome weight of fabulous!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,2/25/2011,134,345,3,4,3>I just picked up a lunch to-go order from Buca, and all I can say is AWESOME.  - [A cardboard cutout of] Danny DeVito greeted me at the door- I was greeted by every staff member that I came in contact with, and not in a smothering/annoying way- The food was ready when I arrived- The lunch portion of the chicken cannelloni was generous and well priced ($9.99!)- I was given about half a loaf of bread with my order- The food was hot and delicious and I'll definitely order from them again soonWay to go, Buca!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/11/2014,67,50,2,6,4>This place is a hidden gem on first avenue. I had never heard of Jackson's Hole until I was invited there for a birthday party. I checked out their menu online and read the yelp reviews and was like, "Why haven't I heard of this place?" My mouth started watering when I was looking at their menu. When we got there some people had ordered a bunch of app's for everyone to share, I had a few flavors of chicken wings (EXCELLENT!) and the chicken nachos. I wanted my own plate of goodness so we got a burger and wings to split. The burger was big and juicy. The fries were cooked perfectly. It's making me hungry just writing about it now. The bar was nice, it wasn't busy when we were there, which was a Saturday night Downtown, which was a little surprising, hence my hidden gem comment. The bar had a western theme but it wasn't overdone in a cheesy cowboy way. We were upstairs and there was another bar up there so I'm assuming the place gets busy enough to open that up occasionally. I liked Jackson's Hole, not sure if it's a place I would actively try to go to, but if I was downtown and looking for a place to go, I would def suggest this place!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/10/2014,177,100,4,6,4>Oh, my God.I had dinner with a large group of girlfriends (don't forget to make reservations!) and we were seated almost right away. It was PACKED for a random week night but if you ever eat here, you'll understand why...Eggs & lobster bruschetta, and spiced carpaccio... oh, you kill me. I could have just eaten these and went home happy but I like to think my stomach is way bigger than it is so I had some pasta: lobster spaghetti, crab ravioli and the rabbit cavatelli...I did not care for the lobster spaghetti but I think that may have more to do with my dislike for lobster than anything else. The spaghetti itself tasted a little dry?But the rabbit cavatelli?!! I don't even like rabbit and I could not stop eating this! So shameful.My favorite was the crab ravioli. Mmmm, melts in my mouth like butter. So satisfying... and completely worth all the guilt I had to work off the next day.Okay, I have to stop thinking about my delicious dinner here now because writing this review is making me extremely hungry.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/9/2014,47,131,4,6,3>"Whole paycheck," yeah, yeah, ha, ha, but wait, there are deals here too!Of all the Whole Foods in the metro, this is the one with the best bulk/deli/prepared foods/bakery/cheese selection.  The bulk section is a heavenly area to, not only, the nut and legume junkies but also the occasional baker.  Where else can you buy a single tablespoon of ground nutmeg?  The deli/prepared foods are actually, seriously delicious.  Pizza by the NY style slice is 2 for $6 daily.  Every Thursday is build your own panini, baked sandwich, or wrap for $5.  The bakery bakes up 2 pretzel loafs for $4 almost daily, and there's a buy by weight pastry/cookie display.  Forcing control by buying a single cookie is still control, right?  Many of the cheeses, imported, small farm, big names, any of them, go on sale randomly based on supply and farm's relationship with Whole Foods.  If you're a cheese lover, you should be going here (or any Whole Foods) weekly for seriously good deals on fancy cheeses and become besties with the cheesemonger.  He will school you.My weekly stop at whole foods is really for kale.  A bushel of organic purple kale on stem makes 4 salads.  For how much kale I eat, I think organic and $2.50 is a good deal.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,4/8/2014,56,128,,14,9>I'd like to preface my review by stating that I did not attend Nico's soft opening, nor the day after it opened. Having dined at Nico's a few times now I feel confident in saying that they are serving up some seriously tasty tacos! The Pollo de Tinga and Barbacoa tacos are amazingly tender, and you can taste the love that was simmered into each bite. And you can't go wrong with a flavorful Carne Asada taco if you're struggling to decide. There is even a Cactus taco, which a friend ordered and let me try which was surprisingly tasty. Can't say I had much expectations for cactus in the flavor department but whatever Nico's did to it worked wonders.You can get your tacos topped with either green or red sauce. Get the green, it's super flavorful and has a nice kick. I am a huge fan of the bacon guacamole (especially since there is no up charge from the regular version). Bacon really makes everything better. You can tell it's made fresh, and I like the addition of corn and spots of hot sauce on top so you can customize the flavor of each bite.Nico's itself is super cute inside, and feels very open and spacious despite being a small venue. And plenty of outdoor seating which rocks. The only real issue I have with Nico's are the prices - they should seriously take their menu and slash a buck off of every item. I get that you are paying for the atmosphere/service, but $3 for a tiny taco (however delicious) adds up quick. I'd also like to see a late night happy hour as the upstairs bar area could be a fun place to hang out for a nightcap.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,4/7/2014,58,80,2,5,5>So I feel like I need to be okay with allowing the "best coffee in town" title to go to a few different TC shops. This one is definitely in that upper echelon. First of all, I've NEVER met friendlier baristas in the cities. They're always happy, will strike up conversations easily, and seem like they actually have a good time at work. Also, both the straight up espresso pulls and full on speciality drinks (and all things in between) are DELICIOUS. The drink menu has some seriously inventive flavor combinations, and the contrasting notes always come out well balanced. They also make a mean Gibraltar. I feel like I might have enjoyed the treats from Patisserie more (the 2 times I got them) if they hadn't been sitting in a refrigerated case. But, the coffee is so damn good I just can't even be bothered to talk more about that slight faux pas. Lastly, even though it's loud, the vibe allows me to get a surprising amount of work done. I'm one of those people who, if I'm working at a coffee shop, tries to order a small drink every 90 minutes or so (gotta help pay for the wifi), and I have no problem sticking around for a while and doing it here - an excuse for more delicious coffee in a really wonderful space. Try it out - you'll see what I mean.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/6/2014,91,306,,8,6>I love CB2!  Modern, fun pieces. Great for adding vibrant pops of color to your digs. Lots of streamlined furniture with clean lines that work well in a small space. I don't think this is extremely high end furniture but it is at least a step or two ahead of Ikea in terms of quality and bounds ahead in terms of aesthetics.CB2 is not cheap, but also less pricey than most other furniture/home decor shops with the exception of Ikea. Look out for weekly sales. Each week, a different category of items is xx% off, i.e. dining tables one week, lighting the next. Also, keep an eye out for the occasional end-of-season floor sample sale. Deep discounts if you're willing to tolarate a knick here or scratch there.The store itself is lots of fun to explore and very inspirational from a home decorating perspective. Most of the staff is cheery and helpful.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/4/2014,127,121,14,13,14>I'm going to just admit right here and right now that I wouldn't be able to tell if the food here is authentic because; 1.) I'm only a quarter Mexican and grew up eating white chicken enchiladas. I'm 97% sure those aren't authentic. Way to embrace your heritage, Mom.2.) I've never been to Mexico. 3.) This place is always packed to the gills with white people.4.) A real chalupa is not what I expected. At all. Not even a little bit. 5.) Now can't tell the difference between a chalupa and a tostada.But the food rocks so who cares, right?I've come here a LOT over the past year. At first, Sam and I were a wee bit cautious about even trying this place because they have a huge -HUGE- menu. Well, and we watched Restaurant Impossible frequently which tainted our ability to choose somewhere to eat in a timely manner. Damn you, Robert Irvine! I'm glad we finally took the dive.I've had a lot of different dishes here and maybe only one of them I didn't care for. If I recall correctly it was tamale's with mole. The tamale was dry and the mole just didn't have good flavor. Onto the good, though..The Nachos San Jose' are 100% the best nachos that have ever graced my hungry lips. The chips were fresh and crisp, smothered in cheese sauce and topped with grilled chicken, chorizo, grilled onions, more cheese, sour cream and fresh cilantro. I NEEDED these in my life. I'm contemplating objectum-sexualism. Unfortunately, they don't stick around long enough. Typical.The other food is awesome, too, but the nacho... Oh, Man, the nachos...Another great aspect is that the food has color. It doesn't look like it was flopped out of a can. The veggies are vibrant and crisp, the sauces aren't all the same weird shade of red-brown. It makes everything so much more appetizing. Compared to the grey scale platters of La Preferida refried bean soup and rice with a frozen veggie mix in it, (I question authenticity when there are cut green beans in my rice... I'm lookin' at you Las Margaritas..  *shakes head disapprovingly*..) It almost looks like a piece of art. Devourable art. Delicious art...The staff are plentiful here and always working and keeping the restaurant clean. I doubt I've seen a table go un-bussed for more than a couple minutes. The floors are kept clean throughout the night so they don't get sticky or slippery. Even better is that the manager is always on the floor working along side the staff. He's not a big d-bag acting like he runs the place, going table to table like he's buddies with everyone and handing out business cards. Teresa's runs like a well oiled machine, and even with a huge line waiting to be seated because the house is full, everything seems to go smoothly. It's a laid back feeling kind of place that you can eat and then chat for a bit without feeling rushed (Sorry suckas waiting in line). This is our go to(frequently) place to be "cultured" omnomnomnivores.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,4/3/2014,92,53,2,13,6>I've always passed by this place and thought what a weird looking place with a weird looking name (I don't think there's a Bill, by the way). A friend recommended this place, and now I shop here all the time!Bill's is a mid-size market with tons of Mediterranean products from so many countries. I believe it's a family owned place, at least it has that feel. Just to name some of the products: dried fruits, nuts, teas, spices, snacks, instant meals, pickles, rice, breads, olive oil, juices, sauces, dozens of cheeses, olives, meats, frozen products, jams, chocolate bars, pastas, candies, Nutella, deli hummus, and fresh desserts. I have even found some things that were South Asian (masalas, curry pastes, dals, besan, teas, etc.). Most of the store's products come from another country or are products reflective of a specific country's food. The prices are pretty reasonable, especially their olives and feta cheese. I love seeing so many of the products I used to see/consume when I lived in Turkey, so I also go here to get my Turkey fix. Check it out, cute place with good groceries and eats. Staff are helpful and polite. I definitely take advantage and always sample their many cheeses :). This place is easy to get to by public transit (21 or 4). The main cashier/store manager (I think she also might be the owner) is also one of the reasons I go back. She is one of the sweetest ladies I've met and is very maternal.  I recently found out she is from Kalamata, Greece ("Yes, like the olive.") Definitely going to chat with her more :). Note: The brown paper bags they back your groceries in don't have handles, so I'd recommend bringing your own recyclable bag for easier transport of all your goodies :).
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,4/2/2014,60,116,12,6,8>BOOOOOOOOOOM.This place is AWESOME.They sort it out for baked goods properly, and their food is second to none. I love you, Holy Land, but everything on the menu at Crescent Moon is a few dollars cheaper, and the only difference I'm able to detect is in the flavoring and other marginal factors. The meat is tender, juicy, succulent. The rice is basmati (I think), browned a bit, and you get a lot of it. They put raisins and carrots on top, a really nice touch. And you get a metric ton of the stuff for the $$ you pay. I mean really. I'm not a small guy, I got their combo for $12, and I'm happily going home to finish it off tonight. The staff are very friendly as well, something you don't always get at a place like that. But I've said nothing about their pizza.GET THE FOOTBALL PIZZA.It made them famous. Think pizza, in an oval shape, with middle eastern/Afghani touches...sauce, meat, spices. No, don't second guess me, just eat the damn thing. It's incredible. A completely unique and amazing culinary experience, for cheap cheap cheap as far as unique pizzas go. And get some coffee while you're at it. These guys make it right. Silky silky motor oil.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,4/1/2014,16,65,2,6,3>Yes! Downtown needs a for real bakery, and it is my dreamiest desire that this initial foray by Sarah Botcher leads her to a bricks and mortar spot somewhere near the downtown core. The Butcher and the Boar influence is evident with some chorizo stuffed buns. The thing that is most noticeable when you walk up is that everything just looks gorgeous. Each pastry is a small little work of art. It is clear that Sarah has incredibly high standards and is churning out amazing treats. I got the croissant, because that is how I roll, and because it was huge and stunning. It was so big and pretty it took me about 3 minutes to figure out how to eat it, and only about 30 seconds to gluttonously consume the whole of it. It was a perfect croissant, light, airy, buttery, deliciously crisp exterior! I will probably spend each of the next Thursday mornings eating my way through the menu!I am rooting for Black Walnut, and again super hopeful that she finds enough success to open her own shop (hopefully) downtown!!!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,3/27/2011,41,111,5,3,5>The Bombay Bistro is a diamond in the rough.  A prince among men.  An Indian buffet among other buffets.  If I had to choose between two reasons to be 45 minutes late back to the office on a Wednesday smelling like sex, I would choose Indian buffet every time.  Hands down.  I have yet to taste something here that I didn't immediately want to climb into naked and swim around in forever.  Every dish in the whole place tastes like getting promoted.  To PARTNER.  And when the buffet lines the entire back of the restaurant, it's easy to keep that rush going for a good hour and a half.  Top that off with a Mango Lassi and a girl's got herself a reason to start counting down toward lunch tomorrow.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,3/26/2011,87,302,6,6,8>Having been hatched in the sand at St. Croix beach, you'd think that I would have tried the only German restaurant in town before I was 23... but then again, my general suspicion of all things suburban often makes me a late culinary bloomer.Winzer Stube is definitely my favorite place to go for my Deutsche Deutsche fix. They have great flavor balance and tread the fine line between blah and ooo. I love vinegar, so their sauerbraten really hit the spot for me and Boyfriend's kassler rippchen was excellent as well.I also loved the bread that came with the entree and the giant pretzel with delish spicy mustard is not to be missed, carbs be damned.I cannot fail mention the amazing squeezebox man who serenaded us on the particular evening we went; he threw down and played effing IRON MAN. Pretty much the most incredible thing I have ever witnessed.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,3/25/2011,45,116,3,4,4>I went here on a recommendation from a friend, and had to call her the moment I left to let her know how spot on she was! Nick and Eddie is my new favorite dinner hangout. Why, you ask? Three reasons:1. Food. Delicious. Even as I'm writing this, I'm craving their fries.2. Atmosphere: top notch. Whether you're there for girl's night, date night or to catch the cabaret show in back, the restaurant feels like the perfect spot. Oh, and the staff is awesome.3. Prices - most of their plates are right around ten bucks. Which makes it an easy decision to come back to try something new whenever the mood strikes!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/24/2011,12,53,5,3,4>Although I've only visited Barbette a handful of times, I have yet to be let down.  Their atmosphere is warm and inviting.  It's small, and can get a little loud as the dinner crowd picks up, but not to an overwhelming degree.  I generally take a busy restaurant as a good sign, unless I'm at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Bismarck, ND.  The service here is sorta "hit or miss" I suppose.  Last time I was in our server was pretty spacey; seemed like she just quit caffeine and was on day 2 or 3.  I'm not into the whole "I want to be waited on like royalty when I go out, all hail Lindsay" though, so unless the service is just terrible, I'm pretty forgiving.The Food though, I mean this is why you go to a restaurant right?  The steamed mussels are enough to keep me coming back; I'd probably indulge at least once a week if I could convince myself that delicious and outstanding mussels are worth dealing with being in Uptown that often.  The mussels are supple and smooth, no grit here, and the white wine broth is perfection.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd bring in my trusty Caribou travelers mug and tell them to fill er up with that garlicky goodness and drink it while in-line skating around Lake Calhoun.  It really is that good.  Everything else I've had has been amazing too; really not a single complaint.  And for those with a sweet tooth, the Molten Chocolate Cake with salted caramel is superb.  One last note is their Happy Hour.  I would argue that it is the best in the city.  Their Sunday-Thursday 10pm to 1am portion of HH is super generous.  Want appetizers for $5?  Done.  A tasty quality beer/glass of wine/drink for $4?  Done.  Or a few cheap beers for $3?  Done AND done.  Perfect.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,3/23/2011,26,74,3,5,3>the girl working there was great!! she was so apologetic for the lady in front of us who took a good 10 minutes to order. and also gave me fresh macarons instead of the ones sitting behind the glass case. i came here specifically for the macarons and i left very satisfiedi ordered two of each flavor they had that day and an extra pistachio for the road. chocolate, pistachio, raspberry, and sea salt caramel were the ones they had yesterday and usually i steer away from chocolate macarons bc i've never had a good experience but this was so good!! the size of these macarons were bigger than ones i've had as well which was a good sign and for only $1.50, i was a happy camper.chocolate: tastes just like a soft, moist chocolate brownie with a light airy crust. seriously melts in your mouthraspberry: a bit too much for me. i'm not particularly a fan of raspberry either so i wasn't expecting much from itpistachio: same o same o. pistachio is usually a favorite of mine and everywhere i've been, they've been pretty consistent in their flavoring for pistachiocaramel: same as above. but not a favorite..just mediocre. another flavor to have in the mixthe "buns" were light, airy, and not flaky as they should be. they crumbled "correctly" so you know it wasn't too dry as i have experienced. the filling was melt in your mouth delicious and you could taste each flavor without being overpowered by another added ingredient.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,3/22/2011,114,193,9,8,4>I wanted to make sure I went twice before reviewing Haute Dish.  Unfortunately, that now means I'm out of excuses to go there, so I'll have to make up new ones.Point one, before we go any further: Sazeracs are ON THE DRINK MENU.  Misspelled, but on the menu nonetheless.  Theirs is a fairly straight interpretation of the classic cocktail -- no surprises, which I appreciate wholeheartedly.  My husband would say the same about their Manhattan.Back to the regular menu.  Haute Dish poses a huge challenge for me, because half of the things on the menu are named the most mundane things you can ever imagine.  Whoo hoo, get me all excited for a house salad or tuna casserole... really.  But THEY ARE TRICKING YOU.  What comes out is generally deconstructed, made with high-quality and diverse ingredients, and blows your ever lovin' mind.  Whoever came up with this menu idea is half-cracked.  I like it.So far, we've tried the med plate, the char cuts, and the chef salad from the appetizer portion of the menu.  I wouldn't know where to begin or end to describe any one of these dishes, and I don't want to write 18 paragraphs.  Let's just say they are awesome times a thousand and leave it at that.  My husband has tried the General Tso's Sweetbreads and the new winter menu's HD Monte Cristo; both gave him much delight.  I had a special scallop dish on my first visit and wasn't super-thrilled by it, but the winter menu offered a brussels sprout casserole that was apparently made with unicorns and magic because it was ridiculously yummy.  It had no right to be so good -- it was brussels sprout casserole, for crying out loud.We split the carrot cake for dessert.  Parsnip ice cream?  You would be surprised how well it works.Hey, you know what?  I didn't catch what color the ceiling was.  I guess that means I'll have to go back and find out.  Oh DARN.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,3/21/2011,223,363,6,8,6>I was looking forward to Heidi's last spring when two things happened: 1) I broke up with my last boyfriend and 2) Heidi's burned down. Oh well, try again. Perhaps it wasn't meant to be.Fortunately, two things have happened since: 1) Met a cute new boy and 2) Heidi's reopened on Lyndale. Also, my best friend made reservations last night for a double date and I was finally set to go!The Set UpLike any other business around Lyn-Lake, parking is going to suck in the colder seasons. Please, suburbanites, do NOT park on the bridge on Aldrich and 29th. Ya gonna get your ass ticketed. There is a parking lot, but even at 9pm it was kinda crowded.The inside of the restaurant was beautiful; this minimal industrial feel that was tempered by warm red chandeliers, wood accents, and an enormous white tree composed of stripped branches.The FoodI started with the blood orange negroni and Jared had the ginger smash. I didn't care for the ginger smash, it was a bit bland and musty for me. The Negroni was almost perfect though, the blood orange made it a bit cloudy but added a faint fruit accent and it was nicely bitter overall, a good start to dinner. The other cocktails looked good, I might have to come back for tho others.Between the four of us, we ordered the Shefzilla Surprise, the tofu dish, the Rabbit in Love, Seared Duck Breast, Salmon cassoulet. The Shefzilla that night was a braised oxtail ravioili with a sauce made of foie gras and lobster served with micro greens. The oxtail was tender as was the pasta itself. The sauce was outstanding, super rich and creamy with a nice flavor that enhanced the ox-tail. I seriously wish it was a regular dish!The house-made tofu looked good, but it definitely made me wonder whether it was worth $17.The salmon cassoulet with adzuki beans was reported to be good, it looked nice and slightly blackened on the outside. Some salmon chunks were wrapped in orange peel, which I imagine imparted a nice flavor to the fish.The Rabbit in Love was interesting, it was a rabbit saddle (back of the rabbit) and some sort of sausage that was more like a light meatloaf in texture. It paired well with the sweet potato, but I thought it could have used more salt and have some crunch to it.I ordered the Seared Duck Breast with  coffee pecan pancake, scallion foam and lingonberry sauce. The duck is served medium, but I would go medium rare next time. It was a bit chewy. The taste was also quite gamey so definitely eat it with the lingonberry, the foam and the pancake. The pancake acted as a nice buffer, although I did not taste the coffee.For dessert we ordered the chocolate nitro mousse, the frozen yuzu with sesame souffle, and the yogurt-drenched cake. The nitro mousse was very rich in taste and just sweet enough. The roasted marshmallow sauce was interestingly gooey.I was ok with the yogurt cake, it was kind of dense and bland. The yogurt helped but it was too dry for me. It was served with crunchy halva-like chunks which I liked. I think it would be better as a spongier cake.I enjoyed mine, the sesame souffle was more like a mousse; it could have had a stronger sesame taste. There was a yuzu compote on top of yuzu ice cream and wrapped with a sesame cracker that I enjoyed. This was my favorite of the three. The compote was quite tart and reminiscent of yuzu.The ServiceService was outstanding.  They check your coat and also help you put it on when you leave (if you're a lady). Everyone was polite and seemed excited to be there. The service combined with the decor makes this place ideal for impressing first dates.Also, the eponymous Heidi dropped by. She was wearing chunky frame glasses, black pearls, red lipstick and a furry, curly Mongolian lamb vest that she let us touch. She genuinely seemed happy to have us and that left us with a good feeling.Conclusion We did notice we were the youngest in the crowd by about five years, but for a good reason. Heidi's prices are not drop-in friendly unless you're a rich mofo! For two people, an appetizer, two cocktails, two main dishes, and two desserts was about $75. The cocktails and appetizer were great and the service was great, but I felt the main dishes could have been more flavorful. Perhaps I'm more used to bold flavorings, but I found myself more drawn to the appetizers and amuse-bouche than the main dishes when reading the menu. The portions are small so if you have a dainty-normal appetite, a shared appetizer, main course, and dessert are good enough. If you have a heartier appetite, I'd order an amouse-bouch, an appetizer  for yourself, a main course with a side, and dessert.Overall, I'm glad I make a trek out and the next time I go, it will probably be to drink and eat appetizers at the bar.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,3/20/2011,38,397,4,5,7>Can I just say. I appreciate the Current now. While driving to Columbus, OH last month, I had to drive through Indiana and then through part of Ohio. And I was missing the Current! Yes, it's easy to  complain about some of the indie rock, but who else plays Low after Motorhead? Who? I'm sorry I took you for granted, Current. I appreciate what I have now. It just took leaving to realize how good I had it at home.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,3/19/2011,209,965,2,4,3>I've never seen so many tall PBR cans in my life and I used to live in Milwaukee. But, it was NE so I guess I shouldn't be all that surprised.Dropped in for NYE and to see what was crack a lackin at the 90's party. Clad in our tackiest 90's gear; vests, overalls, swatch and a replica pager we barely made it through the door. By the time we got there it was at maximum capacity, but the doorman told us to hang on and were soon herded in to party like it was still 1999 with the other revelers. The place was busting at the seams. Some dressed up, some didn't. At times it was a little hard to tell if people were actually dressed 90's or dressing 90's because it was "cool" and they always dressed the part. I thought there would be an actual DJ spinning, but it was done via laptop. Wu- Tang and Hanson in the same set? Really?It seems like a fairly fun place. No cover a big bonus. Bar area seems nice from what I could tell. No clue on the bathrooms or any other part since it was fully covered with wall to wall people.331 seems to have a lot of potential and a lot of great ideas. I just wish the space would have been a tad less crowded. Trying to do the running man was virtually impossible since there was absolutely no room only enough for the sea of hispters to raise their tall PBR's Nice blend of people. For as crowded as it was, almost everyone was really nice and respectful with the exception of the high heeled hair hopper who stepped on J's toe and acted like nothing happened.Will defintely go back on another night. This place seems fairly decent.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,3/18/2011,101,229,1,7,4>Many lunch restaurant names went in a hat at work: On's was drawn out at random. Off we went with spring roll hopes and curry dreams, and we were not--any one of the six of us--disappointed. It is a testament to the quality of the food that a place so unassuming (so unlabeled by any signs!) could have a moderately busy dining room in the middle of a Thursday afternoon. The service didn't suffer for it, however, and our group of six was given all the care and attention we needed by a very sweet hostess and a very helpful waiter. The demerits of this place, in my eyes, come down to my own choices. Based on my own food alone, I would probably give it a three--but only due to my own meddling. (I know. I sound like a Thai-food-apologist...)For instance, instead of feeding my usual Pad Thai addiction I tried the Pad See Yew (based on a recommendation here on Yelp). It was quite good, but I didn't personally prefer the texture of the thicker noodle. I also ordered it medium spicy (because you never can tell, y'know?)--and I should have kicked up the spice a bit. While it had a kick, it needed *more*. I should note that my co-workers who ordered it hot were very pleased with the level of spice, and it WAS crazy-tasty anyway.I will definitely be going back again--the menu is extensive and unique, and I *must* try the pad thai (more than medium spicy this time) and a bunch of the appetizers. Overall? GREAT meal for under $10.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/29/2014,105,151,6,7,9>Ok I've been here many times since that first review, and I have to say...this place is great.  Easily my new favorite dim sum stand-by since Jun Bo (RIP).  Hidden in a small strip mall between a liquor store and a Subway (I think), this restaurant is one of those places I don't reaaalllyyy want to share how awesome it is because I'm greedy and want it all to myself.  But, that's not cool, and sharing = caring.  Aside from dim sum, their authentic Chinese menu items, like golden fried sole, are fantastic, but 98% of my experiences here have been for dim sum.  I don't think I've ever looked at the *other menu* or buffet.  Some of the dim sum all-stars are:- the eggplant and shrimp dish- shrimp ha gao- siu mai- fun guo- jian dui- steamed char siu bao- lo mai gai- congee- ham sui gaoThe staff is always really friendly and accommodating, and the food is very consistent and, in my recent visits, have noticed them branching out more with their selection.  It's almost like two restaurants in one. You might go there and see people up front eating cream cheese wontons and french fries, but look in the back and you'll find many families and lazy susans.  Super hidden gem of deliciousness.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/28/2014,52,134,4,8,5>Look out Rocky, I got pink boxing gloves and am ready to rumble.I Love Kickboxing:My friend asked me to come to a class with her so I signed up online for the 3 classes plus a pair of REAL boxing gloves for $19.99. After class 1, I was hooked.  I signed up for the 35 class package and am so glad I did. I can say that even after my entire body was sore for 5 days. What's cool:-Many class times  throughout the day-Teachers are SO NICE and helpful. On your first (and for me subsequent) visits, they show you how to punch, kick,  etc. correctly. So important.-Great cardio while boxing as well as killer (in a good way) ab and all over toning.-Dress in a tshirt and sweats-any body type, size can feel comfortable here.-They tell you to work at your own pace/there's no intimidation at all.Bonus: I love taking pictures of me looking tough in my boxing gloves. Gives the family lots of laughs.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,1/27/2014,49,148,,7,4>I can't believe I don't have a review for Chimborazo up. It's the yum! I've enjoyed their food both as take-out and dining in. The space is a little small and gets loud, but it's still possible carry on a conversation.My last visit I ventured off my usual order of Caldo de bolas de verde (a green plantain soup with tons of cabbage, veggies and a giant plantain dumpling). It's ridiculously tasty. Especially if you get a nice hunk of corn in it. I tried the encocado which is a friend's staple dish: coconut curry with mahi mahi and sweet plantains. It's tasty enough to make one purr.The appetizers are always worth a try -- especially the yuca frita. The empanada de queso makes an excellent dessert.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,1/26/2014,52,116,,11,6>Winner!  My husband and I both have iPhones and have brought them into the iDoctor a number of times to have the screen repaired.  Every time we bring our phone in, they say it will be an hour or so until the repair is completed but it has never taken more than 30 minutes.The cost is like $120 but I did see that if you check in on Yelp, they offer $15 off :)  Aside from our iPhones, our daughters have iPods that also have been broken.  The last time, they didn't have the part in stock to repair it so they shipped it back to us after it was repaired.  Super friendly and helpful staff.  We will most definitely be back.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,1/25/2014,28,79,3,5,6>As a Minnesota transplant, I was excited to have access to the Juicy/Jucy Lucy as often as I wanted. The more popular locations offering the MN favorite have become boring. The Nook has brought me back and I am so glad to be back. Service and location were great! We started off with an order of leprechaun legs, which are deep fried green beans. Doesn't sounds like your thing? Well it is. I had the Spanish Fly, which is a 50/50 chorizo and beef burger FILLED with queso cheese. The first bite caused an eye-widening-roll-back-in-your-head reaction. I am picky about the meat seasoning and I had nothing to complain about. I can take or leave fries and there was nothing left in my basket at the end of this meal. My only tip would be to eat any cheese filled burger quickly. I am a slower eater and by the last third of the burger the cheese was not as hot and melty as when I started.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/24/2014,87,495,4,6,7>I am a grown up and I love coming up here.  While I had a very happy childhood, I am extremely envious of American kids who got to spend their formative years visiting this store.  Also, I wana have a baby soon, just so that I always will have a reason to come here.  Maybe I am a kid at heart, but I love this place as much as I love Saks Fifth Ave. Books, all kinds of books, foreign language, puzzles, canoe on the ceiling, chickens, cats, more cats, pet lizard.  Some may say its a little cramped, but I love it.  There is nothing like being completely surrounded by books and furry friendly animals.  It adds to the charm and the ambiance of the place. All of the staff here are amazing and I keep on coming back.  Its the perfect place to take your little one for some reading time or if you need a gift, or simply if you need some pick me up, being around lizards is great for your health and well-being.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,1/23/2014,87,96,,12,7>I confess: I had a secret agenda when I checked out Sahara some months ago. I wanted to learn how to make an awesome Somali Chai tea.Since I moved to MPLS, I've come to learn more about the East African culture and became curious about this concoction that everyone seems to be obsessed about. I decided that Sahara was the place to try it out and went there on a random weekend with some friends.When I stepped into the joint, I felt kind of out of place for a bit since my group was the only non-African people there. There wasn't a menu in sight, but the guy who helped me behind the counter was kind enough to suggest a few things to try out. I ended up ordering a basmati rice dish with lamb meat while my friends got similar combinations but with chicken and pork instead. When we were seated, we were also given a banana and a bottle water before our food came out. For someone who's not that into fruits, I was happy to have some source of non-meat in my system for once. When our entrees finally arrived, I was blown away by both the quantity and taste of the food. I totally loved my lamb since it was nicely spiced and tender that it perfectly complemented well with the aromatic basmati rice. Hate to say it, but I secretly squealed with delight after every bite. That ish was THAT good. To stick to the main agenda, we also tried a Chai tea at the place. As an added bonus, the guy who worked there also got a recipe for it! I was actually surprised he actually took the time to show me the exact ratio of what to use for each ingredient. Thank you, Mr. guy-behind-the-counter! I think I'm in love with Somali food now!Oh, and by the way, the whole bill for each person came out to be only around $8. WOW? I probably shouldn't be gloating about this on a public business review site, but I can't help but share the joy that comes from finding such a rare gem. Go there. If you're adventurous enough especially in the gastronomy department, you totally will NOT be disappointed :)
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,1/22/2014,144,197,5,12,8>Usually I don't like to talk about my favorite spot cause then people would start going there regularly :(  lol...The place is located  in Bryn Mawr, it is a very cute and quiet area. The space inside is perfect. There is a flat screen tv for people to watch at the bar. There is about 12 small tables for people to do work/school related stuff. Half of this place is bright with big windows and the other half is dark toward the back area. There is a  tiny room in the back where you could have intimate talk. It's a little escape from the crowd. I would see people bringing their family here and pets, too. During the summer time you could sit outside and enjoy a nice fresh air. I almost forgot to mention about their music, old school...love it! The crowd here is 25 years and older...I think :) I enjoy their Asian Salad a lot. Big portion. They have a good selection of sandwiches with reasonably priced. They serve beer and wine, too. And make sure to check out their happy hour time for drinks. Usually I come here to get their Chai Soy. I think this place have the BEST Iced Chai Soy in the twin cities. Yes, I am addicted! Definitely way better than Kopplin in St Paul.  Also, I love, love, love their Pistachio Muffin! Oh my unbelievably good! Please try them. The staff is ah-mah-zing! They are unique. I think they know me by now cause I always get the same order :) If you need cash, there is an atm machine. Also, they sell hallmark/greeting cards next to the machine. This neighborhood is very unique and that's why I love it!  Make sure to check out Trappings (men's clothing-1926's style) after you make a stop at Cuppa Java :) Street parking
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,1/21/2014,22,39,6,7,8>I took my oldest (length of time known, not age) friend here yesterday for happy hour after spending 45 minutes in traffic trying to get from Eden Prairie to West End to pick her up at her hotel.  The original intention was to hit up one unnamed amazing sushi place in Excelsior, but I just couldn't stomach another hour in the car.  Naturally, I yelped from the parking lot of the Springhill Suites, and Raku popped up at the top of the list.  I've been to every other currently open restaurant in West End, so why not round it out?  We sat down on the patio with twenty minutes left of happy hour pricing, hastily ordered several items, and basked in the late afternoon sun of the first warm day spent on a patio all year.To start, the house white wine was a dollar off and was generously poured.  There was somewhat of a language barrier with our server, but she was very sweet and attentive.  We ordered the first glass of wine, then asked for a second to be brought out just before happy hour ended - but instead we got it about three minutes after ordering.  No big deal, although was on the warm side by the time we finished the first.  I rarely criticize house wine, and this is no exception - it was quite acceptable for a chardonnay.We ordered edamame and gyoza appetizers, both of which were very decent.  The edamame could have been a tiny bit undercooked for my taste.  For our main course, I had the Captain Crunch roll and the Sweet Potato Roll (recently obsessing over sweet potatoes.. so good in so many ways!!).  My friend ordered the Alaska Roll and the Sassy Lady.  All of them were excellent, portioned well, and wrapped to perfection.  My sweet potato roll came with two bonus pieces of sweet potato tempura slices that were so delicious!  It was a nice treat - but reminded me that breaded and deep fried sweet potatoes may not quite be what nutritionists intended when they declared it a "super food."  Regardless, I still feel healthy and cultured when I eat sushi (yes, even on nights like this where I skip the sashimi and just get the rolls - don't judge me).As I mentioned, our waitress was extremely attentive - to the point where my dinner date and I were laughing at how we would literally finish the last piece of food on a plate and she would materialize out of thin air to ask if she could clear said plate immediately.  I had barely moved the glass from my lips as I took the last sip of wine, and there she was, taking it from my hand before I even set it down.  Can't complain about attentive waitstaff, but it certainly was comical!  Overall, five glasses of wine, two apps and four rolls came to $50 total.  Very reasonable, in my opinion.With so many things going for Raku - location, patio, very large happy hour menu, pricing, service - I'll surely be back!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,1/20/2014,98,65,2,5,5>This place is great! Conveniently located in the West End, there's ample parking and it's a great treat before or after (open until 11p) any movie. The selection seems a bit more manageable than other fro-yo shops around town. My personal favorite is the praline pretzel. Maybe they will find a way to mix it with sea salt caramel. Who knows?!? Anything is possible!!The toppings selection is as varied as any. I like their dispensers because they are set on a turn dial so it helps you control portion size, which is important when you're making a bowl of sugar.Lastly, I just want to make a whisper about the decor. If you are looking for new backsplash ideas, be sure to check out their sparkle tiles. Uh-may-zing!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,9/22/2009,18,61,,4,5>Sea Change has replaced Cue in the Guthrie complex. This is the newest venture by chef Tim Mckee and features seafood.  I was very impressed how smoothly everything went, considering it was opening weekend. The space is very open with high ceilings and windows. The kitchen is open and in the center with a raw bar surrounding it. There is a very modern style lounge in the front.Now to the food. It was outstanding! There are some really interesting flavors that go with the wonderful presentations. I had an appetizer of Albacore tuna with watermelon and jalapeño that was spectacular but on the small side. The tuna poke was great as well. For entrees we had the sea scallops served on sweet corn with lime and jalapeño. I had a spicy seared yellowfin tuna that was so fresh and tasty you would have thought it was the ocean out the window not the Mississippi. Sounds expensive, doesn't it? At this time, it is very reasonable. Entrees ran $19-24. Fresh seafood from the top chef in town for around $20? Sign me up.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,9/21/2009,39,332,2,7,4>I think its lemon.  Not quite sure but I'm pretty sure its lemon in them there glazed.  Although we were a little uncertain while eating them so we had to have almost 4 glazed donuts before we were pretty sure.  I believe we are going to have to go back and do some more detective work.It is a great place but keep in mind this place has a slight twist of the soup nazi on staff and he would like you to be prompt with your order.  He would look you straight in the eye and expected your order.  He was cruising through the line as people were spouting off their orders like they had been rehearsing them in their heads all the way to the door.  "2 glazed twists, 1 cherry bismark, 2 glazed, 1 apple fritter and a cinnamon roll. " Slide step to the left pay, say thank you, leave and eat until your tummy hurts.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2009,9/20/2009,29,417,3,4,4>Review  based on a late lunch Sunday.  Sundays Salut has a pretty extensive brunch menu with several breakfast and lunch options.  We each got the soup of the day.  Have no idea the name, but it was chicken broth with veggies, macaroni noodles, with a swirl of fresh pesto.  Delicious!   BF and I split the huge steak sandwhich which was also tasty, if a little pricey at 15 bucks.I'd go back for lunch/brunch, but probably not dinner since it takes too long to get dressed up for weekend nights in Edina.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,9/19/2009,90,194,5,5,5>Let me start by saying that I am not a huge Mexican food fan. (Apparently, this makes me crazy!)  I do like tacos on occasion, but that's about it.  So, with that said, this is my #1 favorite place to get tacos. I hate the tacos that taste like ground beef that is just smothered in salsa.  What is good about that?  I cannot think of any other place that I have had tacos where they have been better.  The place is clean, staff is friendly, food is always fresh and delicious.  Prices are reasonable.  Quick and easy.  What more can you ask for?
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,9/18/2009,42,213,3,5,4>Going to Santana's is always such a strange experience, because with my group of friends, its always 1:30-2 am and we are in serious need of curds, which pretty much walk on water.  I've also had their fries which, for fries are still equally as amazing.You have to get your plunder to go, but there is nothing better than waiting and watching your fellow wayfarers for the evening.  Last time I was there, a girl ordered Dolmas, which she seemed quite pleased with, but just did not make sense to me, given the hour and the vast selection of things they can throw into the fryer.Its not particularly far from campus (just a few blocks) so its an easy walk so long as its not below zero.  In that case, I would recommend finding a driver.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,9/17/2009,80,225,20,9,9>If your idea of a good time includes twenty pounds of food for about $8, then I suggest you get your butt on over to Holy Land and start stuffing your face.We ordered the chicken kabobs and the chicken gyro and were given SEVEN pitas. SEVEN. I don't even know if that many come in a bag when you buy them separately. The chicken kebob was a tiny bit dry, but this was the first meat I've had in years so I don't know if I'm the best judge. Both were incredibly flavorful so it made up for any dryness. They each came with salads and our choice of hummus or rice and a kind of sauce (tzatziki, duh.) Both dinners have given us 3 more meals on top of what we ate when we first bought it and I'll probably go back to throw down some more chow once this feast is done.I don't even need to say this but, best hummus ever. I always laugh at the containers that say "homos tahini" because my brain never matured past age 9.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,9/16/2009,126,381,3,11,5>I have recently developed a habit centered around El Huachi's incredible vegetarian tacos. I have eaten there for lunch every day for the past week. This is not good...How can I help it when tacos come piled HIGH with rice, beans, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, radish, and avocado? To top them off, I pour the spiciest thick green salsa they have over the top.And here is my deep, dark secret for how to afford eating there every day: I buy only 2 tacos. They are the little guys but in fine Mexican tradition, they come with 2 tortillas each. Then, when I go back to the office I slide half of each taco filling onto the second tortilla. That leaves me with 4 still-decently-hefty tacos. They are seriously tasty and all for only $4. Oh my goodness gracious it's delicious.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,9/15/2009,21,47,5,9,9>Lilydale Park is a nature area and trail system located next to the Mississippi near St. Paul between Cherokee Park and Crosby Farm Regional Park.  This park features plenty of awesome things to do and see.  Let me number them for your viewing ease.1) Bluffs overlooking St. Paul.  This great view lets you survey the Capitol City, or you can be like me and pretend that you're admiring your kingdom.  2) A trail system that meets up with river trials for miles of exploration and scenic river runs.  Note, the actual trails in the park are gravel and somewhat steep.  The connecting trails are all quite a bit more flat and easier to navigate.  Those trails lead to paved ones that go to downtown St. Paul among other places.3) Abandoned factory items strewn about.  There used to be a brick factory located here.  One can still see some of the old ovens and discarded bricks that have become overgrown by the vegetation.  4) Fossils!  That's right fossil right in plain sight.  You don't even have to do any digging (though you can get a permit to actually dig), but you can admire for free.  Yes, most of the fossils are of ancient creatures like sponges, but how often do you get to see fossils?  Not very often for most people.  In addition to the above there is a lot of wildlife, vegetation, and even a tiny waterfall.  Check this place out.  There are two entrances to the park.  The lower one is where the address points to.  The higher entrance is directly off Cherokee Heights Blvd.Here is a map of the park.lilydalepark.org/Lilydal…
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,9/14/2009,13,54,4,4,5>I was super impressed with Cheeky Monkey! Everyone in my party enjoyed their meals as well as the cozy and calming ambience. We grabbed a spot by the fire, drank our tap beers, and enjoyed our soup and sandwiches while peering through the windows into the wine shop next door.I had the Cuban sandwich and it was most excellent! It was the perfect mix of meat, mustard, swiss cheese, pickles, etc. grilled to perfection. Just the right size too...I didn't leave hungry or stuffed to the point of being immobile.All around, I got really good vibes from this place and will definitely be back.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,9/13/2009,163,151,,7,7>Swank appeal = very high.Stopped in on a random Tuesday...Felt like I could get into a LOT of fun trouble here...had a White Russian.  Smooth.  Then I had their champagne cocktail.  Tasted both the Rhubarb and the Grapefruit.  For 5 bucks - awesome.  All they do is drop a flavored sugar cube - ala Absinthe style - and the bubble keep coming and bringing a flavor punch with it.  Great glassware - old school cocktail glassesGreat place for a night cap - Keep it in mind on our way home from NE or Downtown.This one is fun.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,6/1/2013,203,560,2,3,3>There are already 227 reviews of Tilia posted, nearly all of them 5 stars.  I won't be deviating from the trend.I am most impressed with the service standard, particularly given the extremely reasonable prices.  Servers here not only know the menu, they know what they are doing.  We ordered a variety of small plates.  Our server paired/ordered them appropriately and had them arrive at the proper pace.  Very nice.It was great fun to sit at the bar facing the open kitchen (as opposed to the bar facing the beer taps, which is also probably fun but not where we sat).  The culinary team is constantly in motion, cranking out all of these amazing dishes in a very small space.  You may get some ideas for your meal by watching what looks good as it comes off the stovetop.  Steven Brown was expediting the night of our visit, and his clear attention to the detail of every dish passing his station was apparent.On to the food.  The spinach salad was fantastic, easily the best of the many I have tried.  Fresh greens are topped with lots of savory toppings (bacon!), tasty dressing and a poached egg for added mirth.  This was a shared dish, so kudos to Tilia for not only plating each portion separately, but giving each of us our own poached egg.  Next up was mussels (huge, impeccably fresh, perfectly steamed with an addictive lemongrass flavored  broth) and french fries (skinny, crisp and hot).  Pork belly, and grilled shrimp, both very tasty as noted by other reviewers.  Brussels sprouts, pan roasted and just perfect, kept the shrimp plate and the pork belly plate company.  I love that this is a neighborhood place, where all (kids, families, couples, etc). are welcome.  I love the menu, and the well thought out beer and wine list that accompanies it.  Tilia is completely enjoyable.pro tip: we arrived at 5:30 to find the place rapidly filling up.  If you want to avoid the heavy crowds, show up early or plan on some late night dining.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/31/2013,16,110,4,9,7>If you're a primal/paleo person like me you know how ordering a meal at a typical restaurant is. You're pretty much relegated to a salad or otherwise you'll pay the same amount for half the food since starches or grains make up typically at least 50% of every plate. Not here my fellow primelpers. It's back to the old ways where you can order whatever the hell you want and you can feel like you're that uninformed helpless child again without a care in the world. It's wondrous! Honestly, If I were able to eat at only 1 restaurant for the rest of my life it would be here; no 2nd thought. The ability of this place to take raw foods (which btw, does not mean raw meat; everyone I tell thinks I go there to eat the heart out of a recently slaughtered bison for some reason...) and make such a diverse menu from those ingredients is amazing. I've been here a couple times now and every time I've been awed by both the food and the friendly service. The first time I went I had the surprise me thing which is whatever the chef wants to make you. It ended up being a delicious purple kale salad and the raw version of a pizza which was pretty tasty. The second time I tried the nachos which were even better. The meat is made from walnuts and was seasoned to perfection and it was hard to know I wasn't eating normal taco meat. Even the deserts are delicious.  If I'm remembering correctly, we had the cheese cake (no dairy of course) and then a nut cookie of some sorts. Both were the perfect end to 2 great meals.If you're not someone who scoffs at the idea of an all raw restaurant and you can eat a meal without meat then you should give it a try.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,5/30/2013,22,35,5,9,4>I might as well just put it out there...I am a baked goods fanatic. I really need to join a group to deal with my sweet tooth. Instead of getting a cure for my sweet tooth, I started a Cookie Adventure Day group at work. It is safe to say that I got my co-workers hooked on Angel Food Bakery. They now go twice a week and sometime twice a day, it all depends on how many feelings they need to eat. The cookies are PHENOMENAL!  When I am craving a cookie (which this is a daily occurrence)  Angel Food has some of the best and they are only $1!  They say you can't buy anything for a dollar these days, obviously they have not been to Angel Food.  My top two are the chocolate chip and the double chocolate sea-salt. Everything I have ever ate from Angel Food was delicious. You cannot make a bad choice, but making a choice is the hardest part.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/29/2013,83,85,2,8,6>Ah the first stop on the day drinking tour, got to start things off on the right foot. We were a little worried that we would not be able to get on the tour since it was booked up but figured we would give it a try anyways. Showed up a few minutes before the tour and with out luck there was space. If you are ever interested in a tour and it's filled up, I would still recommend just showing up since people cancel last minute and it will not reflect that online. Plus the guys are really cool about it and will do their best to accommodate you.I would have to say this has been one of the best tours that I have taken in a while. The tour guide was very informed about their process, as well as about the history of beer. It also helped that he threw in a few jokes along the way and made it interactive versus it being a lecture. Throughout the tour we were given samples of the beer that they had on tap. I want to say we got 4 or 5 different samples. Either way it was a great addition to the tour, actually tasting the beer during the whole thing. The space that they have for their brewery is pretty big and all of the space seems to be efficiently used up. A fun fact that was told to us by the tour guide is the fast that they have the biggest beer fridge, guess i'll have to do some other tours to verify that.After the tour was done, stuck around the tap room and got some drinks. There is a deal on foursquare for your first check in. You get a flight of 4 for $4 (normally it's $6). The only downside to that is that you would have already sampled 3 of the 4 beers during the tour. They have free fresh popcorn so you can munch on as you sit at the beer tables. If you are craving something with more substance they have a food truck right outside, didn't get a chance to try that.Great tour. Tasty beer. Fun times! Go and take the tour.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,5/28/2013,50,37,4,6,6>Lulu's is a rather unassuming but packs quite a few surprises.   For starters they really try to meet all the needs of the local college students under one roof.  I couldn't help but chuckle at the fact that I can buy a delicious Greek themed burger, frozen pizzas, tooth paste and condoms in one go.  The real one stop shop if ever there was.As for the food, it is all great.  How can you go wrong with saffron fries, saffron rice and saffron wings?  Saffron isn't worth more than gold by weight for no reason.  The gyros and burgers are excellent and their special sauces quite wonderful.  Plus, the icing on the cake is that they deliver to my house.   That pretty much makes the fifth star in my book for this place.Whether you need to make a pit stop for some Jack's pizza and condoms for that wild night or just looking for some delivery other than greasy Chinese you need look no further.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/27/2013,22,98,3,5,4>Prior to tonight at Broder's I had sworn off all Italian restaurants in America. After a week in Italy, nothing compared anymore. (Sounds snobby, I know - but I got so sick of being disappointed by greasy cream and mozzarella laden monstrosities I simply gave up.) Broders is the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy and I'd go back again tomorrow. And that, my friends, is a high compliment. We went on a Monday night with the hopes it'd be quiet but but it was hopping and we were lucky to get the last available seats at the bar. It was sort of a fun spot to sit because you got to see all the food coming out of the kitchen... I definitely got some good entree ideas for next time we go there. The service was prompt and friendly, absolutely no complaints. We got a starter that the waitress recommended - I have no idea what it was called but it looked impressive. It consisted of greens and toasted bread with pestoy dressing served with roasted garlic and roasted red pepper jam. It was a bit hard to eat, but was incredibly pretty and yummy. I got a crab lasagna. It was lovely - not too rich and heavy, with the right ratio of noodles/crab/sauce/cheese. I should mention that entrees here are slightly above what we usually spend when we eat out, but it was worth the few extra bucks. Portions were generous. Hubs got rigatoni with sausage and a peppery-tomato sauce which he quite liked. It was hearty, but not as unique as my entree. I got tiramisu for dessert. It wasn't the best tiramisu I've had in my life, but it was totally acceptable and delicious. I prefer more ladyfingers with stronger coffee/booze flavor. Still, I ate almost all of it. Hubs had a hazelnut cheesecake which was pretty good - I had a bite of his, but it wasn't tempting enough to distract me from the tiramisu. For an appetizer, two entrees and two desserts (plus two sodas and tip) we ended up spending about $70 which seems really reasonable for the quality and quantity of food. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,5/26/2013,37,97,2,5,5>Mixologists seem to be the new rockstars in town. They're popping up everywhere: Eat Street, Loring, and the ever-hip North Loop. With their fancy tools, egg whites, and strong shaker-arms, Mixologists are taking Twin Cities drinkers by storm. So I thought it was about time the Minneapolites check out what all the buzz was about at one of the pioneer establishments: Marvel Bar.All of the drinks were a treat, as they should be at an average of $10 apiece. We paid our tab, cringing a little at the expensive bill. My 20-something salary doesn't do well with drinks over $6.Overall, though, it was an experience. The speakeasy atmosphere, modern decor, friendly service, and phenomenal drinks made for a memorable night out. Atmosphere:After you enter that questionable purple door you find yourself in a world of fantastic design, warm lighting, and fancy drinks. What could be better?Service:The all male cast of mixologists focused on preparing the drinks with little smalltalk or friendly banter involved. They helped us make wise $10 choices and even brought us a few samples along the way!Presentation:Drinks have never looked more appealing. Each perfectly shaped glass had just the right amount of foam or bubbly.Taste:The drinks were a treat! The thoughtful mix of alcohols, bitters and fruits were unique without being overly complex.Value for Dollar:Value is not the reason you come to Marvel Bar. The drinks are expensive for us Midwesterners. Instead, city-goers come for the laid-back vibe and killer cocktails.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/25/2013,27,37,2,2,3>I stopped at Sparks before an event in Bryn Mawr, mainly because it is the. only. restaurant. in. the. area. BUT, I was pleasantly surprised at how cute and cozy this little place is! Sparks feels like a neighborhood restaurant in the best way -- the servers seemed to know everyone there, from regulars to the dogs of the regulars, and the atmosphere felt incredibly genial. The waitress was incredibly nice about me wanting to sit outside (wishful thinking when it was 45 degrees out), and I thoroughly enjoyed my $3 happy hour beer and $6 pizza. I highly recommend the chicken pizza -- the caramelized onions are a work of art.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/24/2013,20,21,2,7,5>The best cup of coffee in the city. For real. There are only two beverages I really drink--water and coffee. Occassionally a hoppy beer. That said, I know my water and my coffee, and couldn't have been happier when I stumbled upon this place earlier this winter. Located at the often shady intersection of Chicago and 38th--next door to SA and kitty-corner from Cup Foods, whic is an experience in itself--the Blue Ox is easy to miss. Don't though! This place seriously has the best coffee in town. Normally when I'm out to grab a cup of joe during the week, I'm downtown and limited to the chains, which generally means I'm going to Dunn Bros (yum-yum), Starbucks (tasty) or Caribou (blech). When it's the weekend, though, and I've got time for a Sunday stroll, this is where I'm headed. Blue Ox takes great pride in the coffee they serve and the craft it takes to make your coffee an A+. It was no surprise, then, when I read other reviews where a bit of snobbery had been experienced. As a former service industry worker, I agree that this is a no-no. I have, though, experienced the upturned nose at Blue Ox as well when I made the mistake of ordering a decaf--don't! They won't do it and will think less of you for asking. That aside, I still love this place.As others have noted, Blue Ox uses as a pour-over technique, so each cup of java is carefully brewed just for you. Like the Angry Catfish, which uses the same processes, their size offerings are smaller than the chains (no ventis here), but that's fine by me. I feel like it really forces one to slow down and savor the moment.While I am generally a straight-up dark roast drinker (no creamer or sweeteners), I love ordering their lattes. Seriously. The. Best. In. Town. The espresso hits every note in a range I had never experienced until coming to the Blue Ox. The milk is steamed to creamy perfection that is best experienced in baby sips. The icing on the cake, so to speak, is a thin layer of light and soft foamed milk, which is usually served with an artistic flair from the barista--an espresso design (I got a leaf last time) delicately swirled into the foam. Truly, drinking coffee at the Blue Ox is a sensory experience you don't want to miss.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,5/23/2013,86,158,,5,4>How could I have waited so long to try Red Stag?!I recently went here with two girlfriends for Happy Hour and it was wonderful. To start, I add a star for restaurants/shops that buy local. It's important for the community and I think it adds to the Twin Cities' charm. Furthermore, I am a sucker for exposed brick, mood lighting, and eclectic flare - all of which Red Stag does brilliantly. It tiptoes on the feel of a beer hall with a dash of trendiness - and I'm thoroughly into it.The menu is imaginative and you can tell the chef has a passion for food and Midwest cuisine. Where else can you find a side of truffled kettle corn? I stuck to two glasses of their house Chianti ($3 during happy hour) and their seared scallops small plate. The scallops were unbelievable and came with Brussels sprouts that perfectly complemented the dish.Two of the biggest reasons I love my friends are that they love wine and they love dessert. We ended up sharing their seasonal pumpkin cheese cake (forgive me if I'm  mistaken on it being pumpkin - regardless I was in a daydream the entire time I ate it).  Indulgence at its finest.I am adding this to my list of "Gems of the Mini Apple" and will back plenty many, many times.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,4/29/2009,38,397,6,8,7>How have I never been here before? This is the ultimate dive bar. It is small, with ping pong on Wednesdays (why only Wednesdays?), old dart games, a really old Miller High Life clock with that lady on a moon swinging, a funny bartender, booths, an Elvis pinball game, cheap drinks, an old fashioned cash register, and drinking games  that end at noon.Oh yes, END at noon, I said. They put a different 3-digit number on the wall every day. If you can match those numbers to three on a dollar bill, your drink is only a dollar or something before noon. After noon, if those numbers are the last three of your SSN, you get something else too.This is the kind of place people go before noon to drink. It smelled like my uncle Dave in here. It is old, the bar is cute and little, there used to be an organ player, now there's just trivia on Thursday nights. Yowza what a place.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,4/28/2009,223,363,15,18,12>Do you like beer? Are you poor? Because our economy is taking a nosedive, all I ever read about is how we should start making everything ourselves like the good old times. It's kind of annoying, but regarding essentials like food and beer, maybe I should listen. Does microwaving a Hot Pocket count as making my own food?Homebrew makes a nice gift for friends and it will make you popular. You can sit at home and drink and not feel terrible for spending so much money on booze.Making your own beer is surprisingly not hard. Just don't shit it up by being dirty. Keep things sterile, have a thermometer on hand, and you'll be all right.Midwest Homebrewing offers a lot of clone kits of popular beers. You can usually tell what it's supposed to be a clone of. Like there one called "This bud's for you," but then again, you might as well just buy a damn rack if you want to brew Budweiser. Kits range from $25 to $40, but you get 50 or so 12 oz. bottles of beer. It comes out to less than a dollar per bottle, two and change for the first batch when you factor in the homebrew kit. Wheat beers are hard so try an ale for your first few experiments.There are two starter homebrew kits you can buy; one is more expensive because it comes with a glass carboy. But they include everything you need to brew your first batch, including a DVD if you can't read/are too lazy to read.  If you think you might be serious about homebrew, I recommend getting this because having beer sit in plastic all the time frightens me.Everyone who works there is super nice and laid-back. They clearly love the craft and want you to as well. So at Midwest Homebrewing, there is no such thing as a dumb question. You can even call them while brewing if you have a question. They also sell a lot of hydroponic equipment for growing vegetables and flowers inside your home. Now that I think of it, maybe that's why they're so mellow.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,4/27/2009,21,128,1,6,5>This place is chill and has a laid back feel to it. There is a good selection of baked goods- love the cookies... and I also am a fan of the tea! Great for vegetarians!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,4/26/2009,441,746,10,8,9>We went on a little walk yesterday to get some groceries at Mississippi Market, and on the way back, found our favorite little Russian bar has a new happy hour!WTF.Brand new.  So I dragged the wife in there despite her protests of "But I have bacon and figs in my pocket!".Our favorite bartender Chris was there, and we had a great conversation about Russia, the economy and how to promote the new Happy Hour.I suggested a hammer and sickle banner, and Jill came up with the best tag line:"The joys of Russia...without the lines."We each had a shot and it was about 4 bucks total.    1/2 price rail drinks, cheap beer, and some eats too.Stop by for an early buzz and food.  yum.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,4/25/2009,14,74,5,8,9>The first time I went here I was pretty unimpressed and, my loss, it biased me against the place for too long.I've recently begun taking advantage of their happy hour specials more often and I think it's one of the best deals in town.  Happy hour has a range of reasonably priced foods, $1 oysters, and 2-4-1 drinks...plus there is an early and a late night one to satisfy all your socializing needs.  And there are even a few things for the non-seafood eaters in your crew.  Plus they have a decent priced crab night where we got really excellent crab legs.The real bonus is Friday happy hour (3-6) when they have the "oyster orgy" - 50 cent oysters.  We were there yesterday and they are not messing around...this isn't happy hour at some places where they give you the crap they can't sell to actual paying customers.  No, the oysters were tasty and HUGE.  so huge that even though I was starving, 6 of those and a $1 taco pretty much filled me up.  And trust me, I can eat.   Stella's is more than just a great rooftop patio.  However, it will be nice when I can go there and enjoy some outdoors rather than having to brush 2 inches of snow off my car when I leave.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2008,4/24/2009,147,345,7,10,7>We first discovered Houlihan's on a weekend away in Wisconsin Dells. At that time we had never heard of them and were surprised to learn there was one in Eagan. We ate here a few times and then stopped coming here as it just wasn't worth it. We decided to try them again this week and it was really quite good. My hubby had the Chef's Special Mushroom Enchilada and I had their aged cheddar burger (Tillamook burger I think it was called.) They were both very good. I ordered my burger Medium AND IT CAME MEDIUM! That never happens. Usually they ask - I tell them Medium hoping for a hint of pink and the burger comes well or burnt. So that was awesome to get a juicy burger actually cooked the way I wanted. I got a big ol pile of garlic mashed potatoes with my burger - which I could barely pick at after the burger goodness was consumed. I did find it curious that the burger tasted a little dry even though I had juices running down my arms. Mostly on the ends of the burger. My hubby gave me a bite of his mushroom enchilada and it was very good as well. Our waitress was awesome and she didn't bring the bill until we were both done eating. YEAH! Thank you for that rarity as well! The only real negative was the drink I ordered and ended up  abandoning. It was some Mango Rum thingy and they brought a shot of melon liqueur to dump in it. It was pretty gross. And it cost almost $7.00 which is too much for something that grodey. The place is not somewhere to go if you want a quiet meal. We were there on a weeknight and past time for the dinner crowd and it was still loud. Also the hostess had an attitude problem. Sorry we chose your restaurant sweetie but you are paid to be nice to us for the 10 seconds we are in your life - so suck it up.  I will not race back here for another meal - but if I am starving and in the neighborhood I will consider coming back.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,4/23/2009,1,11,1,6,6>I tried this Tibetan/Nepalese/Chinese/Indian place this weekend for the first time, and I have to admit that, although I really love the other Tibetan restuarant that is one the same street and have been a loyal customer there for years, Cat Man Do far surpassed the other one on flavor alone.  I had the same thing that i always ordered at the other place, the vegetable soup and vegetable dumplings, although this time I also tried the goat mom, which was not on offer at the other place (they have yak instead, which is equally good).  The soup was bursting with flavor and just lovely.  The service was spot on, the ambiance great and the prices just right.  I will still go to the other one, but frankly, this one was one that I am going to frequent more and more.  By the way, try the goat momo!  There fabulous!  And they are served with a totally different achar from the first place.  Kind of the like the difference between salsa and pico de gallo.  Both great, just different.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2008,4/22/2009,50,66,3,7,5>I was invited to Soundbar for a friend's birthday party.  I could barely find the obscure little club, and upon entering I felt I needed a secret password and someone's name to drop to get through the doors.  Alas, myself and my date made it inside.  The atmosphere was amazing.  Great lighting, house music, swanky little lounge areas, and trannie-watching.  I've never been any place like it in Minneapolis, then again, I gave up on the club scene long ago after too much grab-ass hip-hop and growing out of the Ground Zero era of my life.  Soundbar was sexy and sheik, and I would have grooved my body after a few drinks, but sadly they had little to choose from, and they ran out of the couple of things I wanted.  Nothing on tap, and only 5 beers by the bottle-WTF?
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,4/21/2009,7,62,5,5,6>My stomach is growling just thinking about it.  I'd order it for delivery, but I'd have to wait for it.  Do I do it?  Mmm...half lil gracie and half fresh veggie.  It really is the best pizza in Mpls.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,4/20/2009,29,13,8,4,6>The Jucy Lucy is the most amazing, cheese-spolsive experience for burger lovers.  Make sure you pay attention to the instructions if you've never eaten one before or that molten cheese will scald your face off.  Step one:Bite teeny tiny exploratory nibble to let steamy goodness escapeStep two:Dip fry into cheesy hole you've just created while the burger cools a bitStep 3:Enjoy cheesy fries until you're ready to eat burger without burning your face off.Step 4:Take a bite while simultaneously avoiding a molten cheese squirt in the eye, face or lava flow on handsLeave your jacket in the car - and anything else you don't want to smell like a greasy frying pan.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,12/5/2011,28,70,2,2,4>Me going to Moss Envy is equivalent to bringing a child into a really sweet toy store...they want to look at/examine/squeal over everything! And while I don't have to beg my parents to buy me (most) things anymore, I have the adult problem of talking myself out of stuff I don't absolutely need. Who doesn't need another soy candle? Or glass water bottle...or bpa-free food container...or sulfate-free shampoo...or organic cotton mattress? Ok well that last one was a stretch. I couldn't afford one of their mattresses right now, that's for sure. Moss Envy is focused on sustainable, healthy, and recycled/recyclable products that people can easily incorporate into their day to day lives. With the whole "eco-movement" being in full-swing, there's a lot of greenwashing going on and Moss Envy carries products that actually live up to the "green" label instead of just slapping the word on packaging. Their new location is beautiful and the employees have been nothing but pleasant and helpful. One woman in particular was SO sweet and an absolute joy to speak to! She answered all of my questions about products and pointed stuff out without being pushy. She genuinely wanted to help. They also carry a number of locally made things. I'd also like to point out their website. It's super easy to navigate and they have a tab for "eco-labels" like "made in mn", "organic", "vegan/animal friendly", and many others. Whenever I've ordered from them the order has arrived quickly and neatly packaged. Nothing but rave reviews from this girl.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,12/4/2011,113,230,4,4,4>How have I not reviewed Rustica until now?    Somehow it got overlooked.  The coffee is super gourmet and very good.  My dad was a bit overwhelmed by all the choices they offered him, but he's from Brainerd, so what can you do? Some random thoughts about Rustica.-  Paradoxically it's in a strip mall next to places like Subway. - There's also Punch Pizza next door which is great.- Parking on the right side of the strip mall is often quite crowded.- Parking on the left side is usually a lot less busy/crazy.- If you go anytime near peak hours, expect to not find a seat.- It's a weird system to buy stuff, if you walk in and know what you want just walk up to the cash register to find someone.  Otherwise if you linger around the treats, someone will usually come up to you.  The line often seems nonlinear.-  I've heard some people feel like they weren't given good treatment by the employees at the counter.  However I can only attest to my treatment which is impeccable, the folks who work there are ALWAYS SUPER FRIENDLY.- The hot chocolate?  It's made for the Gods by the Gods.  But anyone can order it and drink it.  Even mere mortals.  In the winter time?  Transcendent.  - Remember what I said about not being to find a seat when they are busy?  I won't lie, it's kinda awkward.  I dunno I just feel like this could be better.  A good solution?  Take your treats over to the Barnes & Noble next door and enjoy them with a book.- The pastries?  They taste as good as they look.  Truth.- The bread?  Soooo good.  Ask them what they recommend they won't steer you wrong.- The chocolate chip cookies.  As you know I'm always looking for the best chocolate chip cookies in the world.  What they have is very good.  It's not huge and thus won't ruin your diet and it's extremely flavorful.  - Once you order something that takes a little bit to prepare (like a latte or whatever) it can feel a tad bit awkward waiting for it, especially when it's busy because the seating is weird.  Thank god for cell phones.So there you have it.  Rustica in a nutshell.  As mentioned, my only gripe is the seating.  My advice is when you walk in scope out  a place to sit and grab it if you find one.  No places to sit?  Just adjust your order or get it to go and life is good.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,12/3/2011,75,71,7,2,5>This review will be short and sweet, seeing as I am still hungover because of this bar. So here is a haiku:the lights are set lowthe smell unfavorable significant funI tried to slip in fried macaroni somewhere, but there are just too many syllables. Also the bathrooms are surprising clean.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,12/2/2011,185,451,,3,4>Something about the old world still finds a way to shine through here... It's like being welcomed into a piece of St. Paul restaurant history and going back in time to a place that honest, other than the open refridgeration units, hasn't changed in over 100 years. The people that work here are friendly which is nice, but the real treat comes when you actually get your food! It's like sinking your teeth into the best damn Italian food you have ever had in your entire life! If you asked me to pick out my favorite thing on the menu I would probably laugh in your face. There isn't ONE thing on the menu that isn't my favorite. I love everything that they serve up, and serve it up they do! I hope you wear elastic banded pants to the restaurant when you go because you will more than likely not be able to comfortably walk out of here for how full you will be! Or at least I am incapable of doing so.Once you have finished gorging yourself on your month supply of carbs that are slathered in rich sauces, and guzzling down your bottle of red wine, make your way over and pick out your rich, alcohol filled Tira Misu. Mmmmmm my mouth is absolutely watering thinking about the joy I get from eating here!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,12/1/2011,21,71,7,11,2>I've taken my loooong-haired trained attack kitten to Sandy's for his biannual trim for a few years now. Always terrific service, but my first experience was what really hooked me...I walked into the tiny cottage with my hairy 3 year-old. Both of us were mightily unsure of wtf we were getting ourselves into. He was all napped out on his mane and undercarriage after several semi-successful Great Escapes. Sandy explained that shaving him would be no problem. BUT, did I (we?) want the Lion Cut?This question really threw me for a loop. I wasn't sure if I was ready to pronounce the beast King of the Jungle. As usual, he was not helpful. So we turned to Sandy for her professional opinion:"9 out of 10 cats prefer the Lion Cut."SOLD. When I picked him up, he looked kind of ridiculous, but I was honestly amazed at how much more social he was in those first few weeks. This trend has continued following every visit.The stylist (not Sandy) mentioned that he was the best cat she has ever groomed, gave me her card, and asked that I request her services next time I'm there. It is entirely possible she says this to everyone, but it definitely worked on me.The cat loves it. He looks like a King. The price is around $55 (check the website for a $5 off coupon), but it's a locally-owned business and they do a terrific job.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,11/30/2011,35,183,2,3,3>This park is amazing!  Beautiful woods with paved and grass trails.  Felt like paradise crunching through all the leaves in such a beautiful place.  Cross country skiing would be challenging with all the rolling hills and trees to potentially stop you... but I'm willing to give it a try as soon as the snow flies.   The only thing out of place is the constant air traffic noise...  Not used to that where I'm from.    Now we almost didn't visit the dog park even though we had our little tyke with us as she usually is accosted by every big slobbery dog the moment she steps in those places and hates it.   She loves to run off leash though and we found this dog park to be DOGGIE HEAVEN!  No joke.  With open spaces, trails through woods, benches for the doggie mommie and daddies to sit on, and two ponds to get wet/muddy in, it doesn't get any better than this.  Gorgeous!  Most dog parks are a fenced in dirt area with a dilapidated picnic bench and people smoking in their sweats.  This was a whole other ballgame folks.  Loved it!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,11/29/2011,56,447,,6,2>I came for dinner this week & the place was buzzing! Walking in, the space looks like it was designed by Bob & Cortney from 'Home By Novogratz' on HGTV; bright & vibrant with quirky touches. The menu includes basic burgers as well as specialty ones like a bacon bleu cheese burger. From what I recall, they ranged between $5-7. All burgers come with fries, but have the option to sub out for coleslaw (free), onion rings or fruit ($.75). I ordered a cheeseburger with everything on it (sweet pickles, fried onions, ketchup, mustard...). It was delicious! Everything was really fresh & the bun was perfect. The thick-cut fries were also really good &  they didn't skimp out on them either; my basket was completely full!I overheard one of the employees say they're still waiting for their license to clear; once it does they'll be serving (local) beer & wine.Ample free parking, awesome interior & good, quality food that's reasonably priced.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,11/28/2011,46,172,,7,3>After a hiatus from Yelp, I have decided to come out of retirement and share my experience at Marvel Bar.  There is nothing else like this in Minneapolis.  Hands down worth checking out.  The bartenders are like artists crafting these cocktails.  I was amazed to watch the precision with which they measured, shook, tasted, spritzed, and poured every lovely cocktail.  I didn't even mind waiting 10 minutes for my drink--it was like watching an alcohol symphony.  Hands down get the Oliveta.  Don't be scared off by the egg white, I couldn't even taste it.  This drink was light and frothy and crisp.  Yum!  The other drinks I sampled were all good, but holy cow, they pack a punch.  If you aren't into a stiff drink, ask the bartender what options won't have you over the breathalizer limit after the first sip.  This place does get busy and is known to have a line if you arrive after 9pm or so.  I also discovered they have a lot in the back if you want to check that out rather than street parking.  Cheers!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,11/27/2011,25,59,3,10,2>As the first reviewer stated, the doughnut shop is in the midst of an unattractive strip mall. Has anyone else noticed that hideous 70s strip malls house the best businesses? Hmm!As I entered the shop, first I noticed how extremely clean it was. I was there about 11 A.M. so I'm sure the doughnut rush had already passed. It's good to know that they clean up after the rush!They have coffee, cocoa, and incredible doughnuts. I love the small-town feel in the midst of Bloomington. It's obvious that they make all of their miniature heart attacks with love. The glazed donuts are fluffy and so airy, the cinnamon-sugar raised are picture perfect (they actually look like a photo all lined up and glittery!), the french doughnuts (the guy behind the counter/maybe the baker? knew the real name and said it very french-like) were almost moist inside, and the cake doughnuts had a perfect glaze (I'm a sucker for maple), an extremely moist interior, crunchy exterior, and it seems like they throw some nutmeg and perhaps a tiny bit of cinnamon in the batter. Yum!Bottom line: the doughnuts are all extremely good. The service was awesome. The place was clean, and the prices are cheap. $4.50ish for 6 doughnuts or 70 cents each.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,11/26/2011,264,422,2,3,4>I am a certified Food Network cult member; show me a place I should try out, and chances are I will try to go there. So, of course I had to come to this place because it's been featured on every imaginable food travel show that features Mpls. And, to make myself feel a little less annoying tourist, a little more bona fide foodie, I confirmed with a couple of U of M alumni friends that this is indeed an awesome place to grab breakfast, as long as you're willing to wait in line. To which I say, NAY, we will go there first thing in the morning on Sunday and be first in line and be awesome and pat ourselves in the back, so on and so forth....Of course, that didn't happen, and we ended up being in the second wave of diners and waiting approximately half an hour to get our grub on. But, it's actually good to wait, because standing behind those folks eating their breakfast really whets your appetite, and allows you to catch up with friends, observe every nook and cranny of this incredibly small space, and enjoy being in the presence of that James Beard Foundation medal hanging above a CD/cassette player (mommy, what's a cassette tape?). Al's Breakfast was given said award for being an American Classic, and that's what this 10-foot wide diner is, not some nouveau American restaurant with some "twist." It's straight up greasy spoon food, with mounds of hash browns browning atop an awesome grill top, eggs being poached for your bennys, different bread slices toasting, and the pancake batter being cooked in the same vicinity as the breakfast sausages, giving the pancake a salty, fatty, and delicious breakfast-y aftertaste. I went for the two poached on corned beef hash and a side of blueberry/walnut pancakes. The corned beef hash was beautifully brown and crispy on the outside and unctuous and yummy on the inside. The eggs were poached perfectly, and sopping up that runny yolk with the rye bread, while adding a little bit of the hash on top, made up for the most perfect bite you can ever have at the ungodly time of 10 AM on a Sunday morning. Brilliant.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,1/15/2010,18,165,2,8,3>Where do you go after a night out and all you really want is to kill the buzz.  Of course, don't drive there in that state, but if you can get someone to take you there go to Peking Garden.  Order the wonton duck rice noodle soup and I swear it will soak up all the alcohol.  Seriously, Peking Garden has been one of the most reliable Chinese restaurants in the area.  My only disappointment is that they are located in a strip mall - and by the looks of the place - who could really trust that there's good food to be had there; but trust me, you won't be disappointed.  Love the fried fish with black bean sauce!  Oh, and the crab with snow pea tips.  Go ahead - don't let the location hold you back.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,1/14/2010,20,81,4,11,5>My name is Angela...and I have curly/wavy hair.  *sigh*I heard good things about Amanda...I was not disappointed!  She did a dry cut, and knew exactly how to deal with my hair - NO SHAMPOO!  She styled my hair almost exactly how I do (except for dinking around with a diffuser, I just usually let that shit air dry) instead of trying to use a curling iron (wtf, random salon lady I don't remember?!?!) or worse, a flat iron (ughhhhhhhhh).Highly recommend her for curly/wavy girls (and guys!).  She has lots of good advice, is really personable, but doesn't force you to chat all the way through the cut...I'm not a super talkative person at the end of the day, so that was nice.  Free bang trims...yada yada.  I'm planning on going back...my hair looks awesome!Also...they give you a face towel and a scalp massage....oh man, so amazing.  Seriously, it was worth what I paid, for sure.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,1/13/2010,114,242,,12,5>P & I moved this weekend.   We used AAA Movers for our first move into the apartment.  They did such a great job we decided to hire them for our big move (and hopefully last).  They showed up at the allotted time slot and began to work right away.   Overall it all went smooth only one broken glass (now that is impressive).   I would definitely recommend them if you are planning to move.  Just remember during peak moving time (beginning and end of the month) they do raise their rates.   But otherwise it is so worth it.  And the team who moved us were really nice.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,1/12/2010,102,126,3,7,5>I don't think people know what to expect when they head to this strip mall-esque location on Hennepin, but I think you'll be pleasantly surprised if you give it a shot.  The interior is a little quirky and cramped in layout, but that earns it bonus points with me.  Something about the space seems romantic.  Last night had dinner on the "patio" (Hennepin Ave. sidewalk) and really enjoyed it.  Yes, there were loud motorcycles and the occasional police car zipping by, but the evening was too nice to be inside.  Dinner was lovely.  I highly recommend the Caesar salad, it's so fresh and garlicky with good cheese.  For an entree, I chose the fettuccine puttanesca with tiger shrimp.  I practically licked my plate clean!  Bottle of house red was also yummy & affordable ($24).  Put this place on your list to try, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/11/2010,42,108,6,8,7>I love Barbette!  This is my dog Dirk's favorite restaurant.  I take him there often in the summer, and the staff are all so sweet to him.  If you have a dog, this is an awesome place to hang out when the weather is good.  His favorites are the pomme frites and the carrot cake.  I love the pomme frites too and have enjoyed many of the vegetarian specials on the menu.  Barbette has a great happy hour that always includes a sparkling wine of some sort, which is a rarity.  The wines featured on their happy hour are always of a good quality, which is also a nice change of pace.  The servcie at Barbette is wonderful and the atmosphere is so relaxing and charming.  Any place that loves my puppy almost as much as I do is tops in my book!Dirk gives Barbette 6 barks!  He loves it so much that it's off the scale.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,1/10/2010,36,404,4,4,5>Have to review it cuz I've gone just about every year for the last fifteen.My personal favorites include:cheese on a stickart showseed arttalent showhoney sunflower ice creamthe tunnel of love (I always had dreams of being proposed to on this ride...I rode it with my husband on our third date, so that was kind of close...)ferris wheeltalent showdiving showjuggling showthe sky ride where you dangle your feet and see the little kids at the baby farm picking the fake apples off the treescorn on the cobwierd state fair mascotsElvis on Snellingcooking demonstrationslooking at stuff and not buying itmy friend Sandy and her family especially when they are all dressed alikedeep fried alligator and hush puppiesseeing the horses with my husbandchecking out my brother's winning beer (it's Jason K-check it out!)KTIS liveLori and Julia liveI don't know if they do it anymore, but I always liked watching the people trying to live in a plastic booth for two weeks to win something. Good times.checking out the quilts and baked goods, and always thinking I'll enter next year, and I never do...the bus ride. That's the best.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,1/9/2010,36,44,6,7,6>Don't come to Mickey's expecting great food. Come for the whole Mickey's Diner experience. Seating is limited and this place has a following, so there's a good chance you'll have to wait for a stool or a booth. As you stand, crammed behind folks seated at the counter, take the opportunity to soak in the atmosphere, and to read up on Mickey's history.Mickey's, you'll learn (it's all on the menu) is the one true, classic dining car-style diner in the Twin Cities. It was designed by the Jerry O'Mahoney Co., one of the nation's premier diner manufacturers, and shipped from Elizabeth, New Jersey, to its downtown St. Paul location, where it's been since 1939. Mickey's has since become one of very few diners added to the National Register of Historic Places. It's also been featured in several movies. The Prairie Home Companion scenes filmed in the diner were my favorite parts of that film. The cuisine? Strictly standard diner fare. Eggs, potatoes, waffles, cakes, burgers, chili, you get the idea. Rest assured, you're not going to find anything gourmet here. On the other hand, you won't walk away hungry either. This really is stick-to-your-ribs kind of food. And the coffee? It's subpar, but what true diner's isn't? Also making it the real deal, Mickey's is open 24/7. Plus it's got a crew that's a bit rough around the edges, just like a decent share of its clientele. You can always attempt to grab one of the few tables at the far end of the diner, but the best way to experience Mickey's is at a stool up at the counter. You might even meet some friendly fellow patrons, as I have.Overall, this is as genuine a diner experience as you'll find in these parts.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,1/8/2010,81,185,2,7,9>A traditional, long-established Italian place. Hope it never goes away. Was fun to meet up w/ hub's Connecticut relatives who asked, "What's a Hot Dago?" We had to splain it's an Italian meatloaf open-faced sandwich named from a negative epithet for a particular heritage of people. Well let's hope that history is forgotten and it just means Italian meat loaf. I alway enjoy this place and I always halve my dinner to savor at lunch the next day. My most recent meal a couple of weeks ago was the chicken parmesana, so crispy good. And how do they cook the spag so perfectly? I can NEVER do that at home. The strawberry salad is very good as is the caesar. I'm pleased to see Lambrusco by the glass on the wine list, given that Zonin and Ruinite dissed it so in the late 1970s that the grape was given a bad name. It's a really sweet red wine, so sweet that if you don't like red wine for the tannin taste, you *would* probably like Lambrusco. Wonderful warm atmosphere throughout. Great server staff.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2009,1/7/2010,240,322,2,8,9>After a long lapse - who knows why - I stopped in at Jasmine Deli yesterday. The restaurant was empty!! This was a first for the dozen or so times I've been there. The server assured me they would fill up by 6pm, in another 30 minutes. Since they don't accept credit cards (Sarah, add this to your list) and my wallet generally has everything but cash, I had come prepared with paper money. I was short 4 cents and they were okay with that. 1 order of shrimp spring rolls, 1 mock duck curry banh mi and a mango bubble tea - for under $12 - an inexpensive dinner for two. The spring rolls were very well made, no complaints - theirs is the best I've had in the TC. The mock curry duck banh mi was too sweet and I could not detect the curry flavor - but the cucumbers and cilantro and carrots etc. achieved a nice balance of crunch and taste The mango bubble tea is what my husband thinks they do best but I find it toooo sweet . However, driving back home with the take out bag, I started sipping the bubble tea and ,,,had to drive faster to get home with enough tea left for him. The straw was HUGE and from the very first sip those tapioca pearls were sliding into my mouth. I still couldn't do a full size of bubble tea but a few sips would be good. Jasmine Deli has a good choice of vegan and vegetarian items and they will oblige if you request modifications. When I get the vegetarian soup I ask for no noodles, and more veggies, and have never been able to finish it all. I cannot remember if they have salad on their menu but I saw the owners eating salad once and asked for the same. Cucumbers, carrots, some other fresh veggies, herbs  - with lime juice for dressing. Fresh and satisfying. Prices can't be beat.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,1/6/2010,140,449,4,5,5>Despite the arctic wind yesterday morning, I was happy to go to market to see all the lovely flowers and new produce available.  I was even more happy to find the honey guy (Spring Valley, WI) from whom I purchased my 6# jar filled with honey last year because I wanted to return the empty jar to him and buy another one filled with honey.  However, due to the windchill factor, I was most happy to walk back to my car, climb inside and sit in a sun-warmed cockpit.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,10/26/2010,87,302,4,5,3>You know, I've always sort of overlooked Origami and the first couple of times I'd gone, I was fairly judgmental.But on Wednesday, I definitely changed my tune. I thoroughly enjoyed their happy hour; the chuhai was tasty and somewhat authentic. The tempura was so-so, but the sushi/sashimi platter was actually pretty awesome for being dirt cheap. Their takoyaki was also effing awesome and had lots of tako in it, with the perfect inside consistency to be comparable to the best I had in Osaka (takoyaki capital of the world)I also think they have the best inari in town. Inari is like my favoritest food ever and they put little bits of oshinko (pickles) in them. It's a refreshing change to just plain sushi rice - a little tart, a little crunchy. Why didn't I think of this before?The waitstaff is also, shockingly, Japanese. Most gringo sushi joints are just that... gringo-ful. But they really know their shit. I will be back, and not just for happi awaa.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,10/25/2010,18,45,5,5,5>I awaited the opening of the Bulldog NE with childlike giddiness.  I'm a beer nerd through and through, so the idea of being able to walk a few blocks away and get such treasured gems as Houblon IPA, St. Bernardus Abt, and Delerium Tremens FROM THE TAP was on par with getting a Super Nintendo for Christmas when I was 7.I eventually got rid of my Super Nintendo.  I could not give up the Bulldog NE.The beer selection is truly amazing: about fifteen awesome Belgians and other imports along with six or so top-notch domestic beers (Surly, Bell's, Rush River) on tap.  Appropriate glassware is used.  Even more stuff is available in bottles.  It borders on obscene.  Even though they aren't really my fancy, they do offer a nice selection of wines and some surprisingly tasty signature cocktails as well.The menu deftly walks the line between traditional bar food (hamburgers!), comfort food (tater tots!), and surprisingly good upscale fare (steak tartare!).  The burgers in particular are a favorite: the beef is ground in-house and each burger is meticulously cooked to order.  I also have a deep and abiding respect for their hot dogs.  And their truffled chicken nuggets are not to be ignored either.  Oh so many favorites.  Lately they've been doing a good job of mixing things up a bit with weekly specials and a special brunch menu, both of which have yielded delicious results.My only gripe is that the place does get really loud on weekends -- overly loud music is a pet peeve, and the Bulldog NE is guilty of it. I could keep raving (patio!  shuffleboard!  cupcakes!  excellent servers!), but instead I'll just say it's a true jewel of the NE/St. Anthony Main area.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,10/23/2010,164,127,7,12,12>Coffee-lovers, rejoice, I say!  Quixotic Coffee, it's easy to say that is as good as the hype surrounding it, but try saying that name on the other hand?  And unlike other places which "take caffeine seriously", the only attitude I received from the staff was pure sweetness. Extra points for their cute little button down shirts and ties - maybe a bit pretentious, hey after all they did describe their coffee as being a "Romantically brewed coffee at an impractical pace" I'll never forget how a few years ago at Ninth Street, some hipster-asshole-ista sided me up and down and frowned before handing over one very expensive, espresso-based drink, to-go. Oh the judging. But thanks to new, friendly alternatives like Quixotic coffee, I don't have to subject myself to emotional abuse just to get a little buzz. I gave them a try a few days ago, after hearing about them from Angry Catfish! The two options I tried (latte and macchiato) were excellent. Beautifully pulled, the foam made me close my eyes for a while, it was so blissful. The pastries I've tried were good, too. They have a room in the back in which you can use as a conference room, free of charge - except they urge that you make an appointment, though walkins are welcome. Did you guys hear me? A conference room in a coffee shop! Ingenious!  Why didn't they think of this before? They use all local stuff (except the coffee which is Mad Cap Coffee) - local Minnesotan honey, and autumn wood farm milk. If that sort of things really peaks your interest. They get their pastries from cake eater bakery. These cupcakes are worth throwing away your workout!   They are worth...cellulite! I still am dreaming about the dreamsicle, the s'mores and lemon lavender cupcakes. They are perfection in a tiny frosted cupcake holder.  I haven't bothered with the cookies.  I make notable exceptions for the double chocolate. I can't even think about these distractions because of THE CUPCAKES, PEOPLE!  THE CUPCAKES!!The lemon lavender, which I had NO desire to try, made me a believer. I suddenly acknowledged why small frosted cakes were a national phenomenon. But I digress, really -  it really is all about the coffee; which is up on the same level of Intelligentsia, Counter Culture, Blue Bottle, Four Barrel - all of which I've had the pleasure of trying. I have nothing disappointing to say about this coffeehouse. I love what they offer and I love the way they do it.  I love high ceilings, and the colour red. If only Quixotic Coffee was in my neighbourhood, I would just bring a cot there, because I would never leave.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,10/22/2010,40,124,,8,9>Ate here again today. Neat that they are open early on Sundays. It was shortly after 10 am on the way back from the DT St Paul Farmer's Market where price fixing is still alive and well.My son is always my dining buddy when I want to stray from minnesota food. He digs banh mi, pho, tacos de lengua, crayfish, whatever.Today were his first pupusas.He freaked. He ate the yummy pork and cheese, describing it as a stuffed tamale pancake. Pretty accurate actually. I had the same with the addition of beans. Both were so amazing. The slightly spiced vinegary cabbage that accompanies the pupusas totally make the meal. He had his favorite, mexican coke, and I had mine, tamarind soda.The steam table looked amazing and full of yummy stews. The folks that work here care about what they do, take pride in their product, and deliver your food with a warm genuine smile. I feel so welcome here.On the way home, my son said "Dad, how can people be racist when we are so lucky to have all of these neat immigrants and their great food so close to home? We are sooo lucky!"I couldn't agree more.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,10/21/2010,84,289,4,7,4>Took a little one way ride on a Nice Ride bike on June 12. Walked a couple blocks from my home (Uptown), grabbed a bike and rode it within a few blocks of my final destination (Cedar/Riverside). Sweet!Then again, these be some Granny riding bikes. Slow, heavy and upright. I would not recommend you do a three mile ride (as I did), especially if you are used to riding at a good clip (like I am). The bikes  and the pricing plan are designed for short, quick trips. I think this is a really cool idea. I support it. How often will I use it? Probably not very much. My own bike, and other mass transit options take care of most of my needs. I hope this new resource fills a need for you.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,10/20/2010,18,61,,9,7>Food trucks coming to Minneapolis are a great development. But they need to be offering interesting items with quality ingredients. The Smack Shack definitely succeeds.I ran across this truck on my way to a Twins game. I saw lobster rolls on the menu and I just had to give it a try. The sandwich arrived on a great piece of griddled bread that was partially split open and filled with big chunks of lobster in a light dressing with bits of cucumber. To have this east coast staple right here in downtown Minneapolis was a revelation. This is one of the best things I have eaten all year. Seriously! I had planned on eating at the park but this blows away anything I have tried there, and I have tried a lot. I love the crawfish roll at Sea Salt but this lobster roll puts it to shame even without the lovely setting.They are open for lunch right through into the late evening. Go Now! Man would I get fat if I worked near this place
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,10/19/2010,52,160,3,3,4>Baker's Ribs makes it hard to stay on a vegetarian diet.  I work in close proximity to this little dive BBQ joint, and it frequently gets voted by the cubical masses as "the" best lunch destination.This is by far the best BBQ in the Cities, and I swear they put drugs in the Brisket they serve as a special over lunch, it's that good.The atmosphere is pig-centric...and they have a killer piggy bank collection that has my klepto tendencies running wild as I wait in line....how easy would it be to simply pocket a piggy bank or two?!!?  They also have many pig farming implements hanging from the ceiling...causing my imagination to run wild at the thought of one falling and beheading an unsuspecting customer as he or she downs their last taste of pork...My favorite dish is the Brisket, with a side of beans and slaw...I found the potato salad to be a bit bland, and I am not bold enough to try any of the interesting salads they offer as side dishes either.Baker's Ribs is about the only thing Eden Prairie has going for it...and it's a fine hidden jem.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,10/18/2010,124,263,2,4,3>I didn't think W.A. Frost could be any more dear to me than it already was, but with the addition of the lounge downstairs, I've entered the "honeymoon phase" with them all over again.  I can't get enough.  I want to go here every day for cocktails with my friends....and now I can, rain or shine, winter or summer.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,10/17/2010,25,59,3,5,4>Mmm, Reuben. I just left Cecil's about an hour ago. I got the Reuben (of which I could only eat half and still felt near explosion). It was hot, juicy, saucy, sauerkraut-y, and beefy. Mmm. Oh, and HUGE. The service was great and the place has that run-down cute charm to it. I like it. I didn't get anything from the deli because after I ate half of that Reuben I didn't want to look at more food. I will definitely bring home a loaf of bread or some knishes next time. Yummm.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,10/16/2010,11,225,2,11,6>Just heard about this place a few weeks ago, already we've seen 39 steps and Ghostbusters.  Awesome!  Great concessions, their pre-show ticketing takes paypal, and the line-up is all kinds of awesome.  Twin Cities, please, mob the Trylon with business so they can expand.  We can't loose another revival house.  My heart can't take another Oak Street going out of business.  Also, they are walking distance to Town Talk Diner.  Suddenly dinner and a movie is transformed into something I might actually like to do.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,4/19/2010,19,78,4,5,4>Kramarczuk's is one of the few places that I honestly hope NEVER closes, because I would be lost in a sea of obscure Eastern European markets and mediocre sausages without them.Kramarczuk's has two sides to their store: the sit-down eat a plate of tomato-y stuffed cabbage rolls and a sausage, then there's their original store of the meat counter, bakery, and grocery section. While I have eaten at the restaurant end of things many times, I've found it to be consistently good and probably more authentic than most games in town, it's honestly a bit over-priced. Ergo, this review will center on the grocery side.When we first moved into the neighborhood in 2006, my husband and I had literally zero money. Kramarczuk's with their great meats at amazing prices was what stood between us and economic vegetarianism; the bacon was delicious and $5/lb, the ground beef was always fresh and an absolute steal, and of course the sausages! Nothing like a hearty Ukrainian sausage with kasha and mushroom gravy to remind you that you're poor!Luckily flusher times came around and we started to explore what else they had available. Let me say this: it's not just their brats and Eastern European-style sausages that are winners - many of their more specialized sausages are just as good. In particular, their French Apple-Parsley sausages are great, as are their Moroccan-style sausages (not merguez). They more recently have run promotions for $10/lb steaks (nice cuts, too!) that have been quite good.Additionally, they have a top-notch bakery section with good rye bread varieties, fresh pastries, and a nice assortment of cakes. Also worth noting is that they have a solid grocery section with a vast selection of mustard (a friend, upon returning from a year in Germany, refused to buy his mustard anywhere else but Kramarczuk's), jams/preserves, sauce mixes, chocolates, and curiously, a nice dairy section with kefir, Russian cheeses (including tvorog), and even hard-to-find Borjomi water on occasion.Kramarczuk's is put in the awkward spot of being in a strongly Scandinavian/German region, yet being Eastern European. You'll find some cross-overs in their products, but it's still refreshing to see their own take on our curious little Minnesotan culture. Unfortunately, since Lund's opened up a short distance away, their prices have gone up and it seems quieter there than it did when we first started going there. Take the time to support this small business and their vastly superior sausages and baked goods to anything you'll find in a chain grocery store.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,4/18/2010,11,50,2,9,4>I just had some work done here that was long overdue on my '05 Magnum. See, the dealership I used to go to denied that anything was wrong with my car until after the warranty expired. I then managed to get a little bit done and didn't want to pay for the rest. Chrysler got involved, they did right by me, but the car still needed some work.Finally took it in as we had some spare money. Ended up being $400 less than I thought it would need, they were communicative about the whole process, and when it didn't get done in time, they gave me a loaner and apologized profusely for the delay. When I came to get the loaner (as I was at the nearby Caribou), they took me under the car and showed me exactly what they had replaced, and what was left to do, and then showed me what may be needing a look in the next few months. No guessing, no "I wonder if they're telling the truth", I could actually see what was wrong, and they explained it all to me.I can't possibly explain how impressed I was with their work, their professionalism, and the cleanliness of the lobby and shop. Sure, they had fox news playing in the lobby, but if that's all I can fault them for, I think I'll be just fine.Thanks, Galaxy, I will be coming back (but hopefully not for a long time).
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,4/17/2010,63,138,,4,5>I like cookies almost as much as I love cupcakes, and I love the cookies at the Best Cookie Company. It's a no frills store that sells a variety of cookies, including seasonal choices. They have snickerdoodles, chocolate chip, oatmeal, blueberry oatmeal and several others, as well as huge pans of crispy rice treats. I love the sugar cookies the best. All the cookies are soft and flavorful. They are also very inexpensive. Go.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,4/16/2010,36,404,1,3,2>Sometimes you just gotta take a breather, and get out in the country, even if it's just 20 minutes from Maplewood, ya know? Saw this place on the way to Afton Apples, and had to stop...and to be honest, I liked it much better. Less commercial, smaller, and we had a great talk with the owner.We came on a cold gray day, and we weren't planning to do any picking, so we bought a few bags of apples, ( a bag of Honeycrisps, and another bag with a mix of apples for sauce and pies)  and planned on calling it a day, but ended up loading ourselves up with raspberry jam and caramel sauce also...They had lots of great stuff for sale, as well as a corn maze (which is the stuff my nightmares are made of...I get lost finding my car, so doing it on purpose is a horrible idea...)  I think there were turkeys and goats as well.   We didn't pick our own, but they had wagons and a great set up to do so..I'm not sure about hayrides though. .It was free and a simply lovely little farm. We'll be back next fall.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,4/15/2010,124,263,2,5,5>Thank you, fellow Yelpers, for bringing my awareness to this delicious restaurant!  I would've never known it existed except that Michael L. reviewed it just days ago.  It worked out perfectly because I was seeking somewhere interesting to eat in Woodbury while waiting for a brake job on my car.First of all, the service was outstanding.  Everyone we interacted with was friendly, laid back, yet enthusiastic.  The atmosphere is fairly generic, but pleasant.  The restaurant was extremely clean.  Dishes were delivered in the correct order, and quite swiftly.My boyfriend ordered the Pad Thai with tofu (hold the eggs).   I am not generally a fan of Pad Thai, but this was exquisite!  The flavor of tamarind really came through, and there was the perfect amount of lime, cilantro, peanuts, sprouts, and carrots.   I would go as far as to say that this was the best Pad Thai I've ever had.  My boyfriend said it wasn't the best he's had, but definitely in the top tier.I ordered the stir fry vegetable lunch special (add mock duck), which would've been really good but they put way too much celery in the dish...bringing the level down to just "good".  I guess it's not their fault that I don't care for celery much.  I wouldn't order that again, though.The vegetable spring rolls did not disappoint....which is impressive since most places have sad spring rolls in my opinion.I am glad to find such a gem in Woodbury, and since I work in Woodbury, I'll be able to find plenty of excuses to come back to Thanh Truc.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,4/14/2010,9,50,5,6,5>Tonight, I ate a "Little Szechuan." This place is located in Frogtown, on University and Western. The neighborhood is minorly off-putting, as is the outside of the restaurant. If there's one thing I've learned, it's that a restaurant should never be judged by its exterior.Little Szechuan is very well kept, and there's a very welcoming atmosphere. Inside, we're greeted by a cheery young lady who shows us to our table. Without any delay, our server comes over with a steel pot with oolong tea. After scanning the extensive menu, I knew at that point my dinner companion and I were in for quite treat. I ordered the Tofu with Shrimp and Wild Chili (or  if you will), and my friend ordered the Shrimp Lettuce Wraps, which is actually an appetizer. Our server, on a side note, was very friendly and attentive through-out the entire visit, and he deserves some sort of commendation.Our food arrived, and it was love at first sight. A large portion of tofu and sizeable shrimp was placed in front of me, which was surrounded by a luscious looking broth, with evident pieces of ginger, garlic, and spur chilis throughout. The tofu had soaked up the rich flavor of the broth, and the slight burn of the chilis, which were hot but controlled. I'm a sucker for sinus searing food, and was expecting it a bit hotter, but I wasn't upset. The perfectly cooked shrimp and well seasoned broth well made up for the lack of chili induced palate pain. The serving was very large; for sure it was large enough for two full meals, as I am content at home now with a container of shrimp-y, tofu-y goodness awaiting my next stomach growl.Overall, I had no complaints and I left with only good things to say about my experience. I would love to visit here again, as there are many dishes on the menu I found myself wanting. Little Szechuan just scored itself a new fan. Yay!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,4/13/2010,170,391,13,7,7>Ashley's Instructions for eating at Cecil's:1: Find the crappiest shirt in your closet. (Messy sandwiches ahead!)2: Put on said shirt, and drive to Cecil's.3: Scurry in past the 57 kinds of mustard and find a seat.4: Order something with Pastrami. The Sasha cannot be overhyped. Caraway rye bread, delicious pastrami, egg and aged swiss cheese. Plus something called bird sauce, which was a mystery.5: Step back into the deli and order a can of soda, a few cookies and some Vienna Beef hot dogs for later.6: Go eat that sandwich! (I hope you ordered potato salad!)7: Wipe off your face and pay the bill.8: Go home, take a nap & eat your cookie. 9: Praise the lord for Cecil's! (And I am an atheist!)
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,4/12/2010,271,845,3,9,7>Go figure, The Local has a home-made veggie burger than can be modified to be vegan. That said, I'd come here for a drink, regardless of the food. The Local is wonderfully atmospheric, cozy and elegant. I love the multiple bar areas, the enclosed nooks, and the homey feel of the joint; you feel like you could go in there on any given day and come out with a bunch of new friends. It also feels a bit like a time-warp in there; with the gorgeous woodwork and period details, you get a vague sense of what it might have been like to have lived in Minneapolis during the heyday of the early 1900s.And, of course, they have a veggie burger ($10). I had it without cheese. Also, just in case, tell them to not use butter; my friend and I had a feeling that the buns were toasted with butter, but couldn't quite tell. Lastly, make sure to ask them for a potato bun, as their regular multigrain bun has eggs in it. Anyway, the burger was a large, tasty patty made with wild rice and chickpeas, among other things. I also liked that they provided cucumber slices, instead of ubiquitous pickles.The burger itself was quite good. Not the best I've ever had, but it was definitely among the best I've had in the Twin Cities: hearty and flavorful. It held together nicely and had a perceptible kick to it.My only gripe was that they slathered some sweet "tomato chutney" on the bottom bun which messed up the savory taste. That said, they were more than happy to get me a fresh, plain bun to fix that problem.I also liked the french fries, which weren't oily and had a baked flavor. The curried potato crisps, however, weren't that great: they just tasted flat and the curry powder wasn't well-integrated on the crisps.The service was friendly, prompt and unobtrusive.Lastly, the beer selection here is slightly above average, but not terribly innovative. It skews heavily to the British-Irish-American side of things (not my favorite beer producing countries), but they have a couple of interesting drafts. Come here for the atmosphere, some fries and friends.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,4/11/2010,147,345,8,8,8>Dear Happy Gnome, I love you and want to have your Gnome babies. I can't remember everything that you put in your Seasonal Vegetable Salad - but it was so good I often find myself dreaming about it. Especially when I have one of my boring salads at home. You introduced me to Little Black Dress Pinot Grigio - which I LOVE LOVE LOVE. It was so good I had two glasses - something I rarely do when I am out and paying my own way. (Yeah - I am cheap - so you know I liked it if I bought two glasses!) Also high on the yum factor was the Seared Beef Tenderloin Tips. Eat them hot and dip heavy into the spicy corn and black bean marmalade that it is served with. I can't wait to come back and explore more of your menu. I also want to see if your staff is just as good the next time I come back as it was this time - cuz they were AWESOME. The only things I would change about you - cuz we always want to make the things we love a little better - would be to magically lower the noise level inside and maybe make the patio smoking in a section instead of everywhere? I hate to box in the smokers - they have so few places to free range anymore - but it was kinda distracting to have the smoke wafting into our faces from a nearby table. YUM. I will be back and I will not be alone.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,4/10/2010,28,257,1,9,5>Target Field is as good as I had hoped it would be. Baseball stadiums have changed a lot since Minnesota built the Metrodome almost thirty years ago. Many good stadiums have been built, but not all of them have been perfect or even great. This one is great! First of all the field and setting is beautiful. The backdrop of Minneapolis is terrific and the sight lines are worth all the efforts of getting this thing built! The big screen looks like it is in high definition. It's huge and even from across a stadium, it's better than watching my television! The stadium itself feels big when you look around, but everything is very tightly wrapped around the field. Just under forty thousand people and this place will be brim full! The food is all about choices! They have several types of hot dogs and bratwursts. The line for Kramarszuk sausages was pretty long, but maybe they'll add more stands later. They have stands for calzones and even shaved beef sandwiches. There's something for most price-points. A Vincent hamburger for $12 as well as the usual Cracker Jack & Peanut vendors walking up and down the aisles. For beers there are many local beers available (multiple Leinenkugels, Schell's, Summit, etc.) as well as the towering Budweiser. There are also all these little places that feel like they are kinda hidden. The fun part is that I haven't seen them all yet! There are bars that are open to the public and some that are just for certain sections. The "Legends Club" has several bars that are exclusive to it and entire lounges to hang out in. The Legends club also has wood backed seats which are nice to sit in and nice to see from afar. A really nice touch. There's also a very exclusive "Champions Club" that is only for the section of fans right behind home plate. Their club area behind them is one area that I couldn't get to during my game today, but I'm told it has a bar and THE WORLD SERIES TROPHIES! So I really want to sneak in there somehow. For the average fan, there is also Hrbek's, which is a bar on the main level that I believe will be open to the public and there's the Twins Pub on the upper level for the average fan. It looks right down on the action right behind home plate and has officially become my new favorite bar in the Twin Cities, even though it only offers Bud, Bud Light, Summit, and Stella on tap. There's full bar service there too... so AWESOME! There are a few downsides that I noticed, but they're somewhat marginal and somewhat design oriented so I'm just gonna get used to them. First of all the concourses could be a little wider. The food lines are gonna make walking around the stadium somewhat difficult. A lot of the stadium is very focused on crowd flow, so it will be much harder to sneak around. One of my favorite aspects of the Metrodome is that it was very easy to sneak around in. I would buy a cheap seat ticket in the upper deck and be behind home plate by the sixth or seventh inning, no problem. Obviously it will be easy to stay on the main level, but sneaking down to the good seats looks very, very hard. All of the outfield seats are pretty high off the playing field, even the left field bleachers. There are also a lot of narrow, one way stairs in the upper levels. This is probably the biggest concern because out of all the problems, this probably can't be fixed. Perhaps they have ideas for this that I'm not aware of though. Views from the upper deck are pretty good though, much better from the dome and the seats are positioned so you don't have to crane your neck the whole game! It also seems that we're closer than at the Dome... but that might be illusory. It's in a weird part of town, but I think the stadium will drive development and some of that will get better. Oh, and if you do have tickets in the "Dugout Box" watch out for foul balls! AND look behind you after it goes by because if nobody catches it, it'll ricochet off the stone wall behind you and come back into your section. One more really good thing is the mezzanine leading up to the right field gate. I imagine that it's going to have a really fun carnival vibe on summer game days! Almost an open park vibe, even though it's sitting atop a freeway! Overall, I'd call it great! The field, the jumbo-tron, the shaking hands Twins logo, the skyline... all GREAT! I can't wait to see Joe Mauer and company take the field in a few weeks!  You might not believe me and I don't care if you don't... but by the end of this first game it was already feeling like 'home' that familiar feeling that I haven't had since leaving my childhood home.  I think this place will be great for years and years and years!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/30/2014,10,99,5,9,5>When I read that this place opened it was just a bit of news to discard. Bundt cakes? They are dry and boring; right???Then someone brought some of the mini ones into work and WOW. No really ... don't roll your eyes. I am serious.So  few days later I bought a large chocolate Bundt and a mini assortment for a party.   Everyone raved. The cakes are super moist and best served at room temp. The frosting compliments the cake so well. Having tried a few flavors the chocolate is the best by far. You can order online or just drop in. They are addicting - I warned you!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,6/29/2014,214,246,2,5,3>I was in search of a bottle of Jameson for a friend, and I decided to try out Nicollet-Franklin in hopes of saving a few bucks over my neighborhood liquor store.I noticed the organization of the store immediately upon entering--they had a whole wall of whiskeys with labels such as scotch, single malt, etc. It made finding what I was looking for super simple--which was great, because I had a Yelp event I had to rush home and get ready for! A few other notes...The staff is super friendly.The parking lot has ample room--so no parking on the streets....and the prices were just where I'd hoped they'd be--a welcome sight in the area!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/28/2014,11,103,3,7,3>I made a reservation for two at first then changed it that day to four. They said no problem the more the merrier. Loved the attitude. We walked in and sat down. Our waitress Megan was awesome. She recommended some great cocktails. We started off with the biscuits. They were fabulous. I split the three meat trio. Loved the pull pork, brisket was good- a bit dry and liked the ribs the least. They were a bit spicy. the sweet potato fries were super but I lilked them better with plain ketchup then with the ketchup they give you. My big disappointment was dessert. Too many fruit desserts and no chocolate option. I can't wait to go back in the summer and sit outside. Seems like a great place for big parties and family. I hope they continue to take reservations.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,6/27/2014,223,363,3,6,4>WSK: if you loved their food truck, you're going to love its bricks n' mortar version! I've eaten here several times with friends/coworkers/solo so I can say with some measure of authority that this is a Good Place for Eating.Quick meal with friends? Casual date? Family outing? WSK is the perfect place. Food-wise, it's on par or better than the food truck. You get the option of sticking with the famiiar Yum Yum Rice Bowls or burritos or you can branch out and try tortas, sandwiches, tacos, and whatever else they have.I really wanted to like the Rasta torta. The jerk beef was delicious but gave me terrible gas...twice. I think I'm probably allergic to whatever they're using in the marinade. Anything with short rib is always amazing. The MFC (Morrocan Fried Chicken) on a biscuit is very good. The chicken breast they use is HUGE. Just eat half and save room for dessert. Their soft serves are always a tasty way of ending your meal. I haven't met anyone yet who hasn't liked WSK and if I did, I wouldn't trust 'em farther than I can throw them. This is a great Uptown spot for a meal.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/26/2014,32,80,4,5,5>I had such an enjoyable time here. I still don't know where this is but I love the neighborhood it is located in. There isn't any parking lots so you have to find street parking but there was plenty of that. You can order dessert cafeteria style and seat yourself. It is such a cute little place. I wish I worked nearby and could come here for lunch. The dessert was amazing! I had the original cheesecake and it was really good cheesecake according to my standards. It was on the pricier side but I will definitely come back here and explore some more.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,6/25/2014,86,158,4,8,5>My thought as I looked at the door to enter Marvel Bar: "this can't be right."It was right - and it was awesome. Marvel Bar is just.... so... COOL. You walk through a purple door and are immediately engulfed in swanky lounge ambiance. Between the exposed brick, tufted booths, and viewable wine cellar, I felt like I had just entered a movie scene. Although I cannot say if Marvel is an accurate depiction of a speakeasy, it is what I envision when I fantasize about living in the 1920s.Seating was limited on the Wednesday night that I visited, but we were able to grab spots at the bar. Their menu is extensive and intimidating for this gal. I definitely do my fair share of drinking, but these cocktails are ornate. I was at a loss as to what half the liquors were, and although I am sure I would have loved them all, I opted for a Bombay tonic. Without a shadow of doubt, it was the best G&T I have ever had. I don't know what they did to jazz up one of the simplest drinks known to mankind, but I could have drank 10. And my friend could have carried me home.I dream of getting really glammed up, tossing on a fur stole, and grabbing some crafted cocktails at Marvel. It's a little slice of the Gatsby life, but with $1 Cheetos.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,6/24/2014,29,44,3,5,3>I really cannot say enough good things about Blue Ox.  I have yet to run into a Burnsville local that is not aware of this Sandwich kingdom.  I use Blue Ox as a landmark when giving directions. My only disappointment with this joint is the portion size.  Sure, some sandwiches are larger than others but basic ones like an Italian (Guido Bunyan) seem to me like they'd be cheaper to make and could be bigger.  I don't ever leave hungry but I also don't ever NOT buy a side to go along with the sandwich.  Any other sandwich establishment I opt out of the sides but at Blue Ox I feel it is required to leave full and satisfied.Size insecurities aside, this place kills it.  I've been on a small sandwich tour and I'm thoroughly impressed with the quality of ingredients, the bread and the flavors.  The Guido Bunyan is my go-to and is always consistently delicious.  I most recently tried the gyro they are currently offering and I was surprisingly impressed.  I would actually rank it above the Burnsville Center gyro spot.  I recommend always getting a shake/malt/smoothie with your meal as they are all delicious and freshly made.  I absolutely love this eating establishment and I believe they are going places beyond their Burnsville location if they keep it up.  Plenty of seating, quality ingredients and super upbeat staff await your arrival.  They want to make you a sandwich.  Go get it.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,6/23/2014,22,76,2,4,2>This is turning into my favorite place to grab lunch when I find myself in St. Paul during the lunch hour. Both times I have been there, I have tried the soup of the day. The first was a delicious (and vegetarian) carrot ginger. The second was a yummy and not-too-heavy cauliflower soup with mint and peas. I really like that their soups don't rely on heavy cream for consistency and flavor. They let the ingredients stand on their own and presumably keep the fat content down as well. I love the small side salads as well and look forward to trying one of their many veggie panini selections. I just read that they are opening a location in the Minneapolis skyway. Yay!!!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,6/22/2014,159,286,2,5,2>WARNING, Chinese food in Brooklyn Park / Maple Grove can be big time hit or miss!  That said, this place was a major hit!Lunch visit on a friday, why not.  Read some good reviews on my favorite spot, YELP of course and figured to give it a try.  Good website to look over the menu and Fridays thay have Pot-stickers for half price, score.The food here is Asian Fusion and is spot on.  I did a pick up order for the office so I got to see in the inside and not just experience it from my desk.  The restaurant is nice and clean and very comfortable. I waited a little while but that turned out to be OK because I will never bitch about waiting for good food!The pot-sticker are fantastic, soft and tender with lots of flavor!  The egg-roll was very good and the curried chicken dish I had was smoking good!  Great flavor in the curry, hot just like I wanted it and fresh veggies with a snap to them!I would even consider coming here in the evening, it's that good.  Not to say its a bad neighborhood or anything but just not a spot where you would normally come for dinner after 5, more where your pizza would come from if you dialed out!Hey, it's Friday....LUNCH!KT
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,6/21/2014,93,230,5,7,6>Walkable frozen yogurt?  5 stars.If you've been to one frozen yogurt place, you've been to them all.  Each of them have it down to a perfect formula, but Yogurt Lab seems fancier.  Better flavors (Cherry Amaretto, Birthday Cake and this combination of raspberry and lime - YES YES YES). The decor is pretty, clean and minimal with the exception of the light fixture that I want in my own house.They just opened this week and I can tell that I'll be a regular here because it's so damn convenient.  They'll have patio seating in the summer and it's within walking distance to the lake.It's perfect.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,2/18/2010,80,225,9,8,5>The fact that it's free is worth 5 stars alone.I guess I can't understand why anyone would give less than 5 stars. It's not like this place is filled with the kind of art you'd see in my living room. Besides, if you hate it  you can always walk a block and stuff your face on Eat Street afterwards. Just make sure you ponder why you're the kind of weirdo who hates free stuff while you're there.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,2/17/2010,126,381,24,16,7>Some people argue that there are no mistakes in this life. They say that everything happens for a reason and there are lessons to be learned even in the worst of times. The religious-leaning would attribute all things that pass to God and they would tell me that everything was being worked out for His Good and Perfect Will. On a purely theological level I have disagreements stemming from the logical conclusion that God's nature encompasses a certain level of pure evil...but in the best interest of this review let's suspend disbelief for a moment because somebody puked in my car.Yes you read that right; somebody PUKED in my CAR. Not only was this puke in my car but IN, ON, AROUND, and AMONG my car. As my car was hurtling west on 94, you might have seen a Honda Element that was surrounded by a cloud of swirling debris not unlike Pigpen from Peanuts. That was the exact moment in which my car was being soaked with a deep purple wash of puke--a special varietal of vomit that only results from red wine consumption. In the interest of avoiding the prolonged shame that would result from this post (there was plenty to be had at the time of the incident), I wont reveal the name of this special someone. Suffice it to say I had an emergency on my hands (and all over the car) the next morning. There were chunks encrusted on the exterior of my vehicle worse than the winter salt deposits. There was a spray covering the rear window on the driver's side. There was a generous spattering of purple raindrops covering the interior of my car from the center console to the rear trunk area. And there was a putrid stench that words cannot describe but the mere memory induces a profound dry heave. Even after airing out for half an hour, I could barely get back into the car to drive it to a car wash. But who would accept my car in this state?I went directly to Park & Lake Car Wash. I had seen all the Escalades and Hummers getting detailed there and I knew they did quality work, perhaps at a price that under normal circumstances would be beyond my means. That morning I was prepared to drop hundreds of dollars on a car wash. I was willing to spend big money simply to avoid having to abandon my car in a junk yard if even a tinge of the purple pestilence were to linger in the upholstery. I was desperate and when I arrived, they could tell right away that this was triage. A kind man spoke to me in a soft voice as I drove up. He saw the terror in my eyes as I told him the story. He took my shell-shocked arm and led me gently to the counter. He explained to another gentleman the nature of the issue so I wouldn't have to relive the details and described to a team of employees the deep-cleaning that my car was in need of: seat-belts, windows, floor-to-ceiling scrub-down, shampoo, armorall, the works. He told the man not to put any scent in the car--he wanted me to be able to smell how clean it was when he was done. He charged me--get this--$30. Then, he shooed me off, told me to go to the Midtown Global Market and have a little brunch. I should eat at a time like this as I needed my strength. He would call me when it was all over.The man delivered in about 45 minutes. When I returned, he had the car parked at an angle in the showroom. It was sparkling from top to bottom. The inside was completely clean, shiny, and beautiful. It was cleaner than when I bought it new at the dealership. I took a small sniff and then a large whiff of the passenger seat: It smelled like absolutely nothing. It was truly a miracle of God. As I climbed back into my car, which had been returned to me not unlike the Prodigal Son, I wept tears of joy. I was convinced on that day that it was the will of the Almighty that I endure the terror of the purple puke if only to discover the glory that is Park & Lake Car Wash. Amen.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,2/16/2010,21,47,2,8,5>I haven't been to very many science museums in my life (just St. Paul and Chicago), but this is a great place to visit for those who enjoy learning about the world, no the universe.  There are plenty of interactive exhibits on many of the disciplines of science. Like physics?  Check out the lowest level attractions on force, energy, and the like.  Is meteorology your thing?  Again, the lower level has more than you'd like to know about weather patterns, and the effect that the sun has on the changing of the seasons.  Do biology and genetics excite you?  The third floor (I could be wrong) has plenty of information about diseases and genetics.  You should have gotten my point by now.There are also traveling exhibits that continually pass through here, some of them more educational than others.  Seriously, Star Wars is not science!  The CSI exhibit also wasn't that great.  Also, check out the Omnitheater.  It features shows specially filmed for such a large screen, just don't sit too close to the front.  Some negatives: the traveling exhibits, mini-golf, and Omnitheater cost extra.  The wealth of material here can be overwhelming by the time you get to the bottom floor.  But don't skip it!  In addition to physics and meteorology the bottom floor also has dinosaur skeletons!  Stegosauruses rock!PS-The museum has a great view overlooking the Mississippi and features exhibits specifically about Minnesota's geology.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,2/14/2010,35,92,,6,6>The best Indian food restaurant in the Twin Cities, hands down.  We had the garlic naan, tikka masala with chicken, and tikka masala with tofu.  Everything was delicious with very, very generous portions.  I had enough for two meals even though it was so good that I felt like I was gobbling it down.  This is a place that does spicy right -- this is not Minnesota spicy, but legit.We did takeout, and the staff was super-nice about splitting cards despite one of us waiting in the car.  Also, bonus points for the VERY progressive and anti-racist newsletter that came with the takeout menu.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,2/13/2010,71,160,5,5,5>I love going to the Orpheum to see shows.  I've had the chance to see Wicked, Mary Poppins, David Gray, a Chorus Line, Grease, Phantom of the Opera and a few others here and there in the last year.  The theatre is so gorgeous inside! It's so worth it to come a little early to enjoy the beauty of the architecture.  The ceilings and the chandelier right in the middle are beautiful. :)They bring some of the best Broadway tours to the city and all the performances I've seen have been wonderful.  This place made me fall in love with theatre.  I'm always excited to go to my next show and will happily skip out on anything just to see a show here.  It's also pretty awesome that you can bring drinks with you inside and drink as you watch a show. Sarah is right, there's not a bad seat in the house.  I've been in various seats and all have be fine.  The only bad thing is if you end up sitting behind someone with a big head.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,2/12/2010,70,198,,6,4>First off, if you expect to sit down at OM and order a tin full of curry to scoop onto a bed of rice, you're not going to get it.  And, that is exactly where OM becomes exceptional. OM, is what Indian Cuisine looks like coming out of its shell... Standing up and saying, "I am not a brownish mash of this-and-that, but a collection of exceptional ingredients that deserve to sing on their own merits, in perfect harmony." If you would have told me that my Paneer (a very mild cheese that is almost like tofu) would have come presented like grilled fish, with a splash of saffron gravy, each pat topped with a rasberry, I would have looked at you funny, but there it was, and it was fantastic. The naan was amazing... crispy and earthy on the outside, piping hot, and soft, on the inside... truly excellent and the best I've had by a wide margin. Ebbin M's Rogan Josh was presented more as lamb chops than curry, and the lamb was excellent. I was at a loss for words when faced with how my expectations were flipped. We were graciously treated to a sampling of the pistachio ice cream and cardamom yogurt, which were both very good. Wow, what an excellent meal.We had come for a yelp event and, within 10 minutes, were compelled to sit down and eat. The contemporary decor is attractive and, while very modern, lacks pretentiousness. The lighting is well chosen, and appropriately dim. The space is really great. I can't wait to try it again and am perfectly happy to jump past the typical cost of Indian food to get this exceptional re-imagining of Indian Cuisine. I must thank Sarah P. for choosing this venue for a yelp event.4.5 stars
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/11/2010,34,120,2,6,5>My adoration of Cuzzy's is a bit out-of-hand.  It's my "Cheers," where everybody knows my name.... I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing....  It does however give me lots of ammo with which to write this review.  Cuzzy's is a dive bar.  Let's just get that out of the way.  There are no crystal chandeliers or even non-slanted floors.  What they do have is a wonderful cook and wait staff that tend not to disappoint.  I eat here at least a couple times a week (it's close.  I don't cook.  don't judge me).  Everything I've had off the menu is fantastic.  I've eaten everything from burgers to crab-legs to curry to salads.  It's all solidly tasty.  They also do breakfast; the helpings are large, the offerings diverse and the coffee bottomless. A couple interesting items of note (and because I enjoy lists):- The building that houses Cuzzy's is old and has a bit of a tawdry past.  It used to have an upstairs and was a burlesque hall.  - Cuzzy's is haunted by a ghost named Betsy.  She used to throw glasses, but she seems to have calmed down in recent years.- The "specials" offered Monday-Friday are generally quite tasty - they are written on white-boards on the wall in case the servers don't relay them.- Cuzzy's used to serve Sapporo in a can.  My husband drank the last one, had the staff sign it, and hung it from the ceiling.  - Don't park in the lots on either side of Cuzzy's.  They are owned by Gardner Hardware and they will tow you faster than you can say "wha..."- When it's nice out, make use of the patio - it has a surprisingly good view of the downtown skyline.- There are board games -Though the checkers is missing some pieces (this is not my fault).Okay - I'll stop now.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,2/10/2010,63,166,,7,6>This is a long overdue review for Jasmine 26.  I have never been disappointed with the food or the service here.I am addicted to the salt & pepper tofu.  I seriously need to learn to make this stuff at home before I go broke.  I had every intention of ordering the wontons this time around, but I knew that my husband wouldn't let me steal some of his so I had to go with the tofu again.  The vegetarian pho, vegetarian crepe, and the fried tilapia in tomato sauce are all amazing.  The only thing I've tried that I haven't been too impressed with was the papaya salad, but it wasn't horrible - just a bit bland.  Their menu is friendly to vegetarians, vegans, and meat eaters.The wait staff are attentive without being obnoxious.  They allow you to have a conversation without constant interruptions, but they make sure you are taken care of - the water gets filled and you don't have to wait forever if you want some service.The food and the atmosphere makes this a great place for a date or a fun time out with friends.  The prices are fair for the quality and quantity of food that you receive (most dishes are under $15 for dinner).  If you want to try their food for cheap, check out their happy hour.  Parking in this area sucks, but there are a few parking spots in the ramp by the restaurant and you can park across the street in the Jasmine Deli lot.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2009,2/9/2010,203,560,7,3,4>I gave Barrio another go.  I'm still pissed about the lack of tequila flights, and the manager (the same individual responsible for the flight fiasco) emits a most inhospitable vibe.  Still, out of fairness I need to revise my rating to reflect a more favorable experience.Here's the math.  we're at one star going in.  The Mahi taco is a very tasty item.  plus one star.  So's the carnitas taco.  plus one star.  The chips and tortillas are excellent.  Plus one star.  The chorizo taco was tasteless.  Minus one star.  DJ spinning spew: minus one star.  Stellar tequila menu, and fantastic margarita.  Plus one star.  Net=3 stars.Lose the bar manager and/or gain flights of tequilas and my rating would increase accordingly.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,2/8/2010,65,311,,7,7>If you are a fan of Kopplin's, you need to check out this place.  They use the famous "Clover" coffee machine which is geek speak for the Ferrari of coffee machines.  They treat coffee like wine with tasting notes and make each cup of coffee individually.  Unlike Kopplin's, they roast their own coffee.  The people who work there are great and plenty of room to lounge.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,7/12/2010,21,47,17,5,7>If Lake Harriet is the already seen-it-all, married with children, hip, eldest sister who hasn't forsaken the city for the suburbs and Lake Calhoun is the constantly shirtless, deeply tanned, gregarious, eternally wearing sunglasses, middle brother in the chain of lakes, then Lake of the Isles is the mousy, yet classiest, youngest sister.  She doesn't brag about her positive attributes, isn't as shallowly flashy as the other lakes (though she is far more shallow literally), and she's far more decorous.  Yes, Calhoun and Harriet have more activities centered on and around them, and yes Calhoun is far more popular and accessible than Isles, but those can be negative features too.  Lake of the Isles is far more peaceful than Calhoun; both trails circling the lake are far less crowded and therefore less aggravating than those around her elder siblings.  It's especially salient when you don't have to navigate around the strollers, people who walk 3+ wide, crazy bicyclists and plain ole lollygaggers who clog the paths of Calhoun and Harriet.  Lake of the Isles doesn't show as much skin as Calhoun, but take a look at the houses.  Seriously, just look since they're so expensive that many of them probably have sophisticated alarm systems that trigger when you get within 20 feet of the house because you just want to take a peek in the window to see if that really is a grand piano inside the living room, but I digress.  Lake of the Isles offers calm paths, gorgeous houses, and occasionally a fake sea-monster in the middle of it.  Great for dates, walks, and hanging out in quiet area.  In fact if Lake of the Isles really were a woman I'd consider her LTR material.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,7/11/2010,71,160,5,3,2>I've been waiting to go here for so long and I finally got to go! I didn't read on yelp about the No Reservations thing, but the wait wasn't too bad.  We sat up front and enjoyed a glass of wine.  The place is smaller than I expected and is quite quaint.  You're most likely going to sit really close to your neighbors and have a small table.  The wait staff was really sweet and made sure we were taken care of.  The pasta was so yummy! I forgot what I got -- the one with the clams.  Linguine was super good, I feel like I've been missing out because I've never had fresh made pasta.  Dining buddy loved his pasta too, and he finished off half of mine. :)My dining buddy didn't let me get dessert there and I was so disappointed. :( He wanted to go to Zeno for dessert...booO! Next time I'm going to try the dessert.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,7/10/2010,126,381,2,9,4>I had been meaning to check out Lucia's for awhile now. I read in some local paper that they have a $3.50 pint of Guinness so I figured that puts it on the radar for my Guinness-loving husband. We ended up there with some friends the other night and I was pleasantly surprised that almost everything met or exceeded my high hopes for the restaurant. First, the menu was easy to navigate. They weren't in-your-face about their focus on local, seasonal food--it just happened to make up the menu. Bragging is unbecoming so I liked this approach compared to others.We weren't too hungry so all had small plates and shared samples. The plain green salad was substantial and delicious. The butter lettuce and other greens were crisp and fresh, dressed with the perfect amount of vinaigrette. The bread was a nice balance of soft & crunch and the butter was spreadable. There's something to be said for doing basics right.I also sampled a warm asparagus bisque that was pungent with blended asparagus and really let the flavor of the vegetable shine. Sometimes those soups are overpowered and diluted of flavor by too much cream but not this one. To drink, I had the house white which was delicious and interesting. Some restaurants will serve you their fruitiest chardonnay in an attempt to please the crowd but my glass was refreshing and a bit dry so I was happy. Hubby had his Guinness--although we found out it was a 12 oz. beer for $3.50 and not a full 16 oz. pint. After sitting for an hour enjoying our drinks on the patio, we ordered 2 of the chocolate bread puddings and they were exquisite: rich warm cocoa -infused bread chunks topped with cool ice cream. It was the perfect ending to a night of simple, refined flavors. Even though I avoid Uptown, I'll be back for sure. TIPS: In the future, I'd avoid having more than 4 people, as seating on the patio was obtrusive with 6.To avoid meters or Lucia's laughable valet service, take a right on 31st and then your first left to find residential areas with free street parking. You might walk 1-2 blocks but it's better than seeing your car get valeted 10 feet away and having to actually pay for it.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/9/2010,150,435,,4,5>how anyone could give the delightful and always pleasing french meadow less than five stars is beyond me?locally owned and operated, and offering farm fresh organic ingredients, French Meadow hits it out of the park with breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert.In the morning and afternoon French Meadow is super casual and offers up nice fare like the quiche (which i always get and always LOVE), pancakes, huevos rancheros, muffins, delicious coffee drinks and other yummy brunch fare!Dinner steps it up a notch with a hostess and seating service with a printed menu.  DELICIOUS.  so many interesting local meats, vegetables and just the freshest of ingredients with interesting and delectable combinations.  The salads are crunchy, fresh and exciting.  The roasted chicken with mashed potatoes - to die for.  Seafood and andouille risotta was complex and forward.  They offer some nice wines and beers as well.I would be remiss not to mention the life changing desserts.  yes, life changing -- i mean it.   The cappucino torte is fantastical.  the chocolate cheesecake was fought over by the four of us at the table and we didnt even try the lavender vanilla cupcakes, the chocolate caramel cake, tres leches or any of the cookies.aaahhh, just writing this review is making my mouth water.run, dont walk, to french meadow.  any time of day, any day of the week - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,7/8/2010,70,198,6,5,3>My local prospects are looking up, for mexican/tex-mex food, now that I've tried Los Ocampo! I will admit that I haven't searched real hard, but Pepitos left me a little fearful for the MSP version of one of my favorite fast foods.I got excited about Los Ocampo after checking out the reviews on trusty old yelp and, have to say, I was not disappointed. At first glance, the facility looked a bit polished for what I expect from a place that serves down and dirty tacos, but my suspicions were quickly washed away. My tacos came out topped with only cilantro, onion, and radish... the perfect taco toppings. The corn tortillas were satisfyingly earthy and the unidentified salsa verde had a little kick to it. The carnitas was perfectly tender, although slightly bland, and the al pastor, oddly red, was tangy and flavorful. 3 lime wedges provided the "cherry" to top off my taco trifecta. The side beans and rice were topped with just a little bit of grated queso and there were vegetables peppered throughout the rice... yum.I'm excited to go back and try some of the other taco meat toppings and various other menu items. They have Jarritos sodas (excuse me, "pops") for those craving the, now rare, real sugar sodas, and I think I even spotted a Mexican Coke if you want to get an idea of what real Coca-Cola used to taste like before the corn syrup apocalypse.Oddly enough, I was distracted by the American wrestling being broadcast on "Mun2" (The Telemundo version of MTV2?) from the 2 TV's inside. I just couldn't peel my eyes away from the greased up, steroided out, soap opera that is wrestling... fascinating!Give this place a shot. It's well worth it. For the food... not the wrestling!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,7/7/2010,77,572,5,6,3>I had my go-to boutique back home. You know, the place you'll screech into with 2 hours to go before your first night out in weeks/months/whatever (when you're older and lamer like me, anyway). I could always reliably find something fun and cute and sassy and hearken back to my glory days of yore.Picky Girl could be like that hometown boutique. I've only been once and I was pretty satisfied with the offerings. However, there were an awful lot of things made in China; I'd love to see more made in MN/made in USA designers. I recognized a few of the lines but most were mysteries like some Spanish brand called Skunkfunk - cute stuff, btw, but since the logo is embroidered in prominent places and I didn't really want to "tag" myself as either Skunky OR Funky, I chose to pass.The salesperson was properly perky and sweet. She told me about their promo called Picky Girl Perks - spend $100 at one time, and receive a card that authorizes 10% on any future full-price purchase for the following year and 25% off on your birthday week. I walked out of there with some goodies for the closet, and I am sure that I'll be back!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,7/6/2010,159,286,3,5,5>I would put this in the list of one of the 10 funnest places in Minneapolis. This place is a hoot (to be MN). From the Piano bar to the Polka Band. I have drank with a yodeling German, talked with a man who was talking to his buddy the giant snake rapped around his body and heard a toothless woman wrap to Polka. All this with reasonable priced drinks and surprisingly good food. You should go late some night and try the prime rib, it is very good. Order it rare and enjoy. The decor is perfect and everyone who works there just seems to fit right in. Again, with the right people and sometime even with the wrong ones, this place is a ton of fun. Take your dancing shoes! KT
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,7/5/2010,95,217,14,7,7>I never thought I'd write a review for Donny Dirks Zombie Den. My feeling is that if I'm a current regular and I love a place to death, it's best not to shine a critical light on the relationship. The bartenders know me, the bouncers know me. (I'm not trouble; I'm just a lush.)The bartenders are probably cooler than you. Those are the breaks. But they don't try to act like it. On a busy night, they don't have time to chat you up or hold your hand. They make solidly boozy drinks. If you are a daring cat, try the Xploitation. My best luck has been in concocting my own Weird Science drinks. I find that most specialty drinks cost about what DD charges, but it's more fun to make your own.The atmosphere is achieved through no small effort. It's chill because the bouncers maintain almost constant vigiliance. They don't intrude unless someone or a group of someones is causing a disturbance. I've seen two groups ejected. One group was a bachlorette party demanding free drinks. The other, from what I could tell, had tried to pry pieces of kickass decor from the walls. The broseph demanded to know why he was banned for life. He should have been banned from life, the nosewipe...I've stopped drinking, if not forever, then for quite some time, so it feels like the right moment to pay my respect. Don't go if you're a bratty frat boy or you've got a noisemaker in your lipglossed mouth (or if you've got a bratty frat boy in your lipglossed mouth! Ha!).
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,7/4/2010,19,78,7,5,4>You know how in "Shaun of the Dead", Shaun figures he and his friends can just wait out the zombie situation at the Winchester Pub? That's how I feel about the Bulldog NE. Looking for a pint later in the evening? Looking for a dinner out? Looking to stave off the zombie invasion? I firmly believe the Bulldog NE could satisfy any of these nicely.For the beer nerds out there, the Bulldog offers a formidable selection of local taps - think Bell's, Rush River, Summit - and Belgian beers, some on tap, even more in a bottle. Everything is very reasonably priced between $4 and $6 per glass. You can get Saison Dupont by the glass here, people!The food is essentially bar food, albeit an exceptional step up from the usual underwhelming greasy burger and frozen fries approach that you might find at certain other bars in and around the area. I have never been let down by their burgers (be sure to try the Rooster, glazed in sriracha and topped with spicy housemade pickles!), and the hot dog baskets provide an amusing departure from fare typically found around town. The entrees are consistently pretty good, but the burgers always seem to win. Incidentally, they make the most addictive truffle chicken nuggets.Service is, by and large, good. Bulldog NE tends to be quite busy in the evenings, so it may be a while before you see your server, but rest assured that they'll be fun and helpful when they finally come by. They have a marvelous patio during the summer which is not only quieter than the actual restaurant, but ensures people watching comparable to the State Fair.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,7/3/2010,61,275,,7,4>I'm shocked by the low reviews of Sea Change.  I've been here 3 times since July and have loved it every time.  Last night was no different.Though the glass of cava I ordered as a pre-dinner drink was, well, awful  and the beef tataki appetizer a little ho-hum, the salads (nicoise and romaine) and entrees (sea scallops, swordfish and black cod) were out of this world phenomenal.  Far better than anything I've ever had at Oceanaire (far far better).  The desserts were also heavenly:  a pumpkin ice cream sandwich, chocolate and peanut butter torte, and some lemony tart that I cannot remember the name of.And the service was spectacular.  When the waiter saw my untouched glass of cava he took it off the bill without me saying anything, and when he realized it was a friend's birthday (the gift made it obvious) he comped all of our desserts (not just the birthday boy's).I can't explain previous yelpers bad experiences, but I have never had anything other than a wonderful time here with wonderful food and wonderful service.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/22/2013,38,64,2,7,4>Love.  Love.  Love.  Carisa is so fabulous! She helped me get my skin in tip-top shape for my wedding day and I have been able to treat myself to a few post-wedding facials as well.  I love the get up and glo facial for a quick treat, but when I am feeling like I need to indulge,  I do the inner glo facial.  Both are fab, and at $45 and $60 respectively, they are an awesome deal.  It is a small storefront, and it is divided into an adorable seating area up front and the room in back.  At my first appointment, I filled out a lengthly questionnaire about my skin, along with Carisa asking me some questions so that she could really get to know my skin before she started her magic.  The room is always comfortable and warm, I really appreciate the fact that it isn't in a big salon as it really makes the experience more cozy.  The facial itself is beyond amazing, I have fallen asleep more than once due to the complete relaxation.  Carisa is a whiz, and she manages to talk to you just enough but once she realizes you are in the comfort zone, she just stops.  I don't know how she knows, but she does!  I know you're probably like me and feel like getting facials isn't really a necessity when it comes to your beauty routine, but let me tell you, after going to see Carisa for a solid 6 months, my skin was glowing! I guess that means Glo Skin Spa really deserves their name.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/20/2013,48,140,,7,2>This is our first stop whenever we're looking for any sort of specific wine or liquor.  The staff is super knowledgeable and helpful, and the selection is extensive.  The prices are not the cheapest in town but they are reasonable and I feel like I'm paying a slight premium to have a great browsing experience where I'll go home with a few items that I might not have known about previously.  Also love the small specialty food store at the front - particularly love how it's the opposite model from a lot of grocery stores that have a small wine store at the front (TJ's, now Kowalski's etc).Bonus: did you know you can register here for your wedding?  Hello beautiful wine presents!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/19/2013,151,107,3,11,10>Why the heck have I been avoiding Loring Pasta Bar? And why hasn't someone convinced me to go before now? Criminal, I tell you!I've worked near the Loring Pasta Bar for almost three years now, and didn't have the pleasure of visiting until last night. Honestly, I'd mostly avoided it because I deplore parking in Dinkytown, and figured that it was just another student hangout.Sure, there were a few students there, but it wasn't packed at all, which was nice.Based on this first experience, I definitely give LPB five stars. Star 1: The service. Gosh the server was nice! I ordered a drink, he said, "You know, that one is really good. One of my favorites." (For what it's worth, it was the Weed Whacker, and it really was tasty.)Additionally, this is not a place where the servers hover or rush you. We were there for approximately two and a half hours, and I think the waiter came by about six times. He kept our drinks full, but didn't hover or try to hurry us along - too many restaurants now do that, and it's a darned shame.Star 2: Ambience. This place is just beautiful! It honestly looks like it could be a movie set, and I'm not exaggerating. Shimmering tiny white lights, high dark ceilings, a stage, exposed stone and brick, low lighting. Cozy booths. It just lends itself to a nicely paced evening with good conversation and great food.Stars 3 and 4: Food! I had a butternut squash ravioli (that was the special) and it was really unique. In short, it was typical butternut squash ravioli, but what made it stand out was the balsamic reduction on top of it, the small dab of ricotta in the center, and the toasted pumpkin seeds topping the whole dish off. Mama mia!For dessert, we ordered the chocolate souffle. It was basically a chocolate lava cake, or a chocolate melting cake, and had whipped cream and fresh mint leaves on top. FRESH MINT LEAVES! Loved it - it definitely gave it a fresh, non-heavy taste.Star 5: There was live music! And get this - it wasn't too loud! I could hear my tablemates - the music was exactly what it was supposed to be...background. The musicians were just perfectly jazzy, and peppy without being distracting. What a lovely, lovely experience.I will absolutely come back here. I'll bring friends from in and out of town. I'll come for lunch, dinner, dessert, whenever you'll have me, LPB.I love you, Loring Pasta Bar. I really do. This is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/18/2013,42,84,5,11,11>Decided to check this place out based on the stellar Yelp! reviews and the fact that they use only local, farm-raised meat on their menu.  I'm an ethical pescatarian (don't ask), which makes eating anything other than fish in public a daunting task that is often not worth the cost.  Enter: Gorkha Palace. Immediately upon entering, we were welcomed with gorgeous live music.  I am completely unfamiliar with Middle Eastern music, so I wouldn't even venture to speculate what instruments were being played, but two men were seating in the restaurant playing gorgeous music.  Most importantly, the music was the perfect volume for socialization and ambiance.  Based on the website, they play every Thursday, so I would HIGHLY recommend trying to hit up a Thursday night. Other reviews are spot on regarding the initiation of service.  We sat for solidly 5 minutes before being greeted by anyone.  However, the music helped fill the void.  Once greeted, however, the service was steady and very friendly. Yep...they serve yak.  Local, farm-raise yak.  Still...I'm just not there yet.  So my friend and I had the chicken curry.  But not before taste-testing the veggie pakora (delightfully crispy!) and some mo-mos (which is EXACTLY what I was saying when we were done....hmm...too corny?).  I had never had mo-mo before, and am not a huge potsticker fan. However, the texture and 'stuffing ratio' of these things is PERFECT!  Yes, this place is no Dancing Ganesha as far as interior design is concerned.  But how refreshing to patronize a place where you know your money is going towards local ingredients instead of high-end accoutrements.  Note:  The entry to the parking lot is actually off of 4th Street just before you hit 1st.  I made three circles before finally finding the thing!  But once you're there, settle in for an amazing experience!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,3/17/2013,61,82,6,3,6>Let me tell you a story about a girl who loves coffee.  Her name is Courtney and she traveled the world in search of perfectly roasted (read: not charred) coffee beans.  First she found her dream coffee in London at Monmouth Coffee.  (Great coffee in the UK?  Trust me, the irony was not lost on her... but then again, irony is what the UK does best, non?)  Then she relocated to the the city most notorious for caffeine consumption and fell in love again when Stumptown entered her life.  Alas, their time together was ultimately brief as she was to move to the Twin Cities in 2010.  Never one to dwell and ever hopeful, she embarked on yet another search throughout the city for her new coffee love.  On October 20th, 2012 this search ended.  The ghosts of coffee past were banished forever by the light of her new love: Bull Run Coffee. Okay, the truth is that I am the Courtney in the story.  And there is little I could say that hasn't already been said in the other multitude of glowing reviews.  I can attest to the fact that they are all accurate.  This coffee shop/roaster is the real deal and simply put, there is nothing like it for hundreds of miles.  The customer service was flawless and their product will keep me regularly driving across town (even during winter!!) to get my coffee.  Perfectly roasted beans and amazing in-house lattes.  A love story, indeed.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/16/2013,63,341,1,10,4>After seeing that Kopplins was getting national attention for their hot chocolate I decided to stop in for some.  I got the much ballyhoo'd dark chocolate and the milk version of the bev to go.Both were served up fairly quickly.  The barrista steamed up the organic milk after the guy from the register served up the choco components.  Cups were handed off and after having to reach in front of a chatty regular, cups were covered and sleeves were added for carrying comfort.I worked on the dark cocoa, after giving my partner the milk variety.  The dark was bitter at first (note to others:  they didn't put any sugar in either cup) but after the second sip I was past the bitter factor and was able to appreciate the intricate nature of the cocoa and chocolate they used.By the end of the cup I was glad it was not filled with sugar.  Sugar would only have masked and disguised the true qualities of the real ingredients.If you feel strongly that a good hot cocoa should be sweet, be advised that Kopplins may not be your cuppa cocoa.  Translation: If you like Swiss Miss, move on.I know that this will not be my last Kopplin's cocoa though.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/15/2013,82,170,3,6,2>I wasn't really sure what to expect at Mill Valley Kitchen. I have to say of all the times I've driven past this place I haven't been very impressed with the outside appearance of the restaurant and where it sits on Excelsior.  Finally, I found an excuse to try it out and all I had to do was take one step inside and it became an immediate "love affair".  I dined here for happy hour. There is something about the atmosphere at Mill Valley that I can't quite explain but it's got a certain "vibe" to it that you'll like. It's "trendy" but not over the top. The bar area is inviting and separated slightly from the dining area. Personally, I prefer the "bar area" and if you choose to have dinner here while you're sipping a cocktail that's fine too.The happy hour goes from 3 - 6 pm (available in the bar area and patio). Wine by the glass, beer, rail cocktails and specialty drinks are all discounted $2. The burger (normally $10-13) goes for $3 and their whole grain flatbreads (normally 8-12) are $5 (discounted pricing apply as long as you order a cocktail). Both options are meals in themselves.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/14/2013,20,293,5,5,4>I've probably seen more of their puppet shows than anyone on the planet.  During the summer they do their Driveway Tour, where they do scores of free shows in front yards, parks, libraries, and anywhere you are willing to host them (public bathroom?).  My kids absolutely love The Amazing Cow Boat, Katie Tomatie in the Big City, and Little Grandpa in the Big City.  Most people only hear about the shows actually happening in their neighborhood, but I scour their website for any and all shows at time and places we can make, showing up in the backyards of random people all over the city.We've also been to their theater itself to see Milly and Tilly (x2), and The Learning Fairy.  These shows are not for the faint of heart, they are loud, high energy performances by nutty, nutty people.  A bit too loud for my middle-aged ears, and can be too intense for 1 year-olds sitting in the front row, but  holy cow the kids go nutty for these shows.  My kids play act Milly and Tilly all the time.  Plus, they often have complimentary ice cream afterward.Next summer they are going to create a new puppet show, can't wait.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,3/13/2013,155,803,2,6,4>My buddy and I decided to try the new joint in town. I loved the owners previous ventures, like The Edina Grill, so I had high expectations, that were met.We entered and sat by the window looking out on 50th St. Cool interior with modern lighting and a big bar. Lots of seating, but not a lot of parking.This revamped Blockbuster has a ton of taps, with awesome beer options. Happy hour is 3-6 and $1 or $2 off beers. Not bad, great beer for $4 a glass.I would have liked half off apps like the Edina Grill, but our awesome server said that food options were coming.I ordered a Stone Arrogant Bastard (See, I told you awesome beer) and a Fulton Sweet Child of Vine after that.  We ordered a veggie burger with fries to split. Perfect amount of food.Our server was so great, checked on us often, but not pretentious, made sure we had beers at all times and made great food recommendations.The veggie burger is a perfect chickpea based homemade patty with some guacamole on top and a beautifully buttered and toasted bun. They put something in there that gave it a little bit of happy kick.The fries were of high quality, but my only complaint is that they were a tad soggy. The ketchup dipping sauce had a little extra something in it that made me happy.Glad to see this place in the neighborhood!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/12/2013,133,174,3,8,3>I can't give it 5 stars yet HOWEVER, attended their opening night tonight and definitely impressed.Nice, expansive space. Concrete but felt comfortable - perhaps because it was packed with like minded beer heads, but a great space none the less. Convenient by bike, car or bus. Delicious offerings. Tried the 4 beer sampler (Zero Hour, Six, Rated R &  Bitter Cold Winter IPA) for $11 and then had a pint of Bitter Winter for $5. Their beer is just fantastic. I am hands down an IPA fan all the way and theirs did not disappoint. I actually like their seasonal (Bitter Winter IPA) better than the standard (Rated R) but both/all were still delicious.big fan of the space. All the bartenders were kind, helpful and knowledgeable. Loved the food truck like most tap rooms. Definitely a must go to and cannot wait until the nice weather when I can convince people to do a bike tour of all the brew pubs.Cheers!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,10/30/2008,13,42,,6,5>If you're looking for authentic Chinese (and other types of Asian food) than this is the place.  I took my friend who spent 6 months in China here and he said that this is what it was like food wise.  He even struck up a conversation with the waiter about a dish he had there but didn't see on the menu and the waiter knew what it was and that the cooks make it all the time in the back and to ask for it next time and they would get it for him.  How cool is that.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,10/29/2008,124,263,4,11,8>You must try the incredible salt and pepper tofu.  If anyone says tofu is bland after eating this, get your tastebuds checked!  Also, try the vegetarian pho.  I've never had this anywhere else besides Jasmine 26, so I have nothing to compare it to, but it is so delicious.  Ask for extra Thai basil if you like.  They will happily bring you some.  This is, and has been, my favorite restaurant in Minneapolis for the past year.  I always feel like my patronage is very appreciated here, and that's a great feeling.Other extra bonuses...they have bubble tea.  And a full bar!  You can even get alcoholic bubble tea!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,10/28/2008,16,145,9,13,7>I probably shouldn't be so liberal with the stars when I only tried one thing on the menu.  But what the heck, I'm generous like that.I was craving pancakes for lunch today like MAD.  There aren't a lot of places in downtown Minneapolis that I've found that serve breakfast all day, so things were looking dire.  Then I remembered Louann's.  It's so unassuming, sitting there all cute in a street-level corner of the Thrivent building.  Even though I work pretty much across the street I always forget that it's there.Holy crap, pancakes.  Beautiful, wonderful pancakes.  Less than $4 will get you a half order (three) fluffy, syrup sponging, crispy-edged buttermilk pancakes.  Yeeeessss.The service was superb!  It was like arriving at your best friend's grandma's house.  And fast!  I ordered and had my precious pancakes in under 10 minutes.  I noticed the tables around me got similar prompt service.In case you're not in the mood for pancakes, they've got other standard breakfast and lunch diner fare.  They've also got some baked goods, espresso drinks, and ice cream in the form of sundaes and shakes if you're inclined.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2008,10/27/2008,18,37,3,5,3>Yarusso's has great food.  Very old school Italian atmosphere.  Every time I've been here, without fail, the TV over the bar is playing the Godfather.The Manicotti is great, Dago's a huge and usually enough for two meals (eat half there, take the rest home for later).If you've never been, check it out.  During the summer it's a popular hangout for bikers, and you'll see bikes lined up along the sidewalk on most nights of the week.  They also have outdoor bocce ball pits, and a small outdoor seating area.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,10/26/2008,51,96,7,7,5>The first and foremost reason I wanted to go to pumphouse creamery was it's name. PUMP HOUSE? Come on. I'm not the only one with the mind of a virginal 12 year old boy. That aside, I read the reviews and I love ice cream that's more than just plain old vanilla. My friend and I went this afternoon and salivated over the cases. I sampled the grapefruit sorbet which was nice and refreshing, but never one to pass down an indulgence when it's hitting me in the face my friend and I sheepishly shared a five scoop sampler (!!!!). It was five delicious little scoops of heaven. Flavors we got: Oatmeal cookies in sweet cream, sea salt caramel with candied pecans, vanilla with newman's own oreo cookie (if you're looking for cookies n cream, go to sebastien joe's for reaaalz, but this was still pretty tasty, mint and chocolate chip (really refreshing and refreshingly not that unnatural shade of green), and coconut almond chocolate chip.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,10/25/2008,236,46,5,6,6>Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. At first glance, you may think that Amazing Thailand is just an over-the-top restaurant complete with over-the-top signage that adorns the outside of the restaurant. But, you will be in for a treat as soon as you step inside!You are first welcomed by two Buddha Statues. Possibly reminding its patrons that "Good Karma, makes for Good Food."  And the interior, decorated with all things Thailand. There are illustrations on walls, umbrellas on ceilings, and the music fills the air like white on rice. It even looks like a night club you would experience if you were in Thailand. Also, the dimly lit environment makes for an Amazing way to relax and enjoy really exquisite food. Want to dine out in the patio? They have that as well, for those wanting to take in the Uptown atmosphere.  Let me remind you that if you are going to order Thai food, there is only one rule: it better be spicy! But don' t let the word "spicy" confine you to the temperature of the food. (Although I highly recommend it!) When I talk spicy, I'm talking about taking in the Thai Flavors, and enjoying them.  Open up your senses...Our order consisted of: Angel Wings. Amazing Thai Style Fried Rice. And of course, the Pad See Iew. The Angel Wings are, in one word, heavenly. And are a great way to start off your meal. The chicken is stuffed with spices and other meats that makes your tummy dance with delight.  And thats just a warm-up!Remember how I said to go HOT? Well, that was the theme for our main course. The Pad See Iew w/ Tofu is a flat noodle mixed with vegetables and was OHSOGOOD! Need something besides Tofu? Yup, we thought of that also and ordered the Amazing Thai Style Fried Rice. Buried beneath the mound of rice lies a treasure of beef, chicken, shrimp, calamari, and other meaty goodness. IT WAS ALL G-Double-O-D! Good!The food was Amazing. The ambiance. Amazing. Our server, Jeffrey, too was amazing. And we look forward to going back to this Amazing restaurant.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,10/24/2008,8,12,,7,4>Staccato may not be the hippest restaurant in town, but they have everything else that makes a fab place.  1.  Dependability.  They make the best chicken cobb salad I've ever had.  I've never been disappointed.  All their food is made rather quickly whether you're staying in or taking out.2.  Hospitality:  Their waitstaff is very sweet and always attentive, not to mention the owner is out-of-this-world the most hospitable of them all.  Always says hello and makes sure you're happy.3.  Great food:  I order Staccato for not only myself, but also the guest artists that come through Orchestra Hall.   I've never had anything but rave reviews.  Keep in mind, these people would most definitely be the first to complain if they have the opportunity. Check it out.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.  Note - avoid it before and after activities happening at Orchestra Hall.  That's their busiest time.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/23/2008,2,30,8,9,11>Caribou Coffee is great.  The employees and customers are nice (its not a Starbucks) and they sell Amy's Roast - the most excellent coffee in the world.Does it sound like I'm sucking-up?  Well... here's why...I usually make my coffee at home - nothing special.  I am a man of simple tastes, and specialty coffee drinks don't really turn me on.But once in a while I like to ride my bike to Caribou.  The other day I was being a smart-ass, and made this comment to the three Caribou employees behind the counter."So why do they call it 'Amy's Light Roast' anyway?  Is it just to make it sound more personal?  Like this is just your tiny local establishment and this girl Amy wants you to try her favorite coffee?  I mean, they probably did some kind of market study with focus groups and determined that people trust the name Amy more than..."Then I noticed the employees behind the counter were kind of looking down at their feet and not really smiling anymore.  Same for the customers around me who were starting to inch away.  In a split second I saw the pretty PINK RIBBON adorning all of the Amy's Roast Coffee products.  Oh boy...It was suddenly quiet...  My pulse was pounding as one of the women said, "Actually Amy was a real person who worked for Caribou and she died of breast cancer."Of course, ha-ha, I knew that.   I'll buy everyone here a cup.  And how about a few pounds of Amy's ground beans for home...I really do prefer Caribou Coffee to the other guys.   Their employees seem genuinely happy at their jobs.   The customers are friendly. And with Amy's I can drink my coffee and know that I am helping find a cure.   PLEASE go and try some!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,10/22/2008,26,154,2,7,8>Despite the mediocre service we received, the food was great!  I've had Korean food before, but never really enjoyed it, until I heard about Hoban Korean Restaurant.  The interior decor wasn't horrible...it could have been worse, but it was fine.  Clean, warm, and still inviting.  The waitress was really into cleaning her tables that she forgot to give us the menus, so I went up and grabbed them myself.  That was probably the most annoying thing, but was forgiven when we had the food:Appetizers:Man doo - Korean fried dumplings...tasty!Spicy wings - That was seriously some delicious wings!Entrees:Seafood bokum - stir fry with an assortment of seafood in it.  Spicy, but goodBulgogi - a staple dish in a Korean menu, very tasty!  Next time we should try it with the lettuce wraps.Kalbi - another staple in a Korean menu, the short ribs, tender and yummy goodness!Yuk Gae Jang - a hot and spicy sour soup that was addictive.  Was disappointed that there wasn't any desserts.  There were 4 of us there for a while munching the night away...something about Korean food that makes you nibble at it all night even though you're full!  We practically finished everything...we were pigs!I do recommend it if you're looking for some Korean goodness.  AND, I haven't been...but they do have a karaoke place next door and it looks pretty cool!  One of these days we'll go and check it out.  We spoke to the guy about it and he said they are busy during the weekends and that you would need to make reservations.  It looks like a pretty cool experience, very private...in the way that they are private rooms for you and your friends to rent.  $30 for a small room, and $60 for the bigger rooms.  It's called Do Re Mi Karaoke if you want to check it out.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,10/21/2008,3,11,2,7,6>I have not been to this place as much as others in the neighborhood but so far I think it's good. I love the atmosphere inside even though we chose to dine outdoors. The other times we've just ordered take out. Our service has been good while dining there. Our take out was just the way we expected and still nice and hot.The food we've tried:- ROTI CANAI - crispy Indian style pancakeNot my favorite but good.- SHRIMP PUFFS - these are wrapped in bacon! Oh heavenly bacon. Yum!- ASAM LAKSA  - spicy & sour soup with clear noodlesThe broth is great, spicy and delicious. I didn't like the noodles.- SIZZLING BEEF - tender sliced beef & veggies on a sizzling platterThis is my favorite dish from here so far. It tastes wonderful. I've ordered this more than once and loved it each time.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,11/22/2008,3,86,,6,4>We met another couple at the 112 last night.  Parking can be a bit sketchy, but not a huge deal....bring some quarters for the meter.  I had scallops for app,  they were very good!  I took the advice of treating meals more as a tapas, and that worked out great!  I had the 1/2 order of lamb with pasta, and 1/2 order of the beet entre... both were very good.  I tried the crab salad, and that was also very good... esp if you like cilantro.  We also had a good pinot.  Dessert, we shared the tres leche.  It was very rich and tasty... I actually couldn't finish my half.  The other couple had an equally rich chocolate dessert... can't quite remember what it was.  I thought this place is well worth checking out!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,11/21/2008,155,803,,7,7>I consider myself a beer aficionado, I make beer, I judge beer, I love good beer and Summit has always been my high bar for the best beer in the Twin Cities. If you like Summit EPA, you will love Surly Furious. It is a hop lovers dream. Todd Haug is the brew master and was the brew master at the downtown Rock Bottom a few years ago and he and Omar (The owner) started a small new company in the northern suburbs that has proved to be one of the best in the country. I met Todd a couple of times at Rock Bottom and he was always super cool and I am super happy he has spun off his best creations. Now, I am about to talk about Darkness....It is a Russian Imperial Stout, not to be messed with. It is 10.3 alcohol and a true sipping winter beer. I introduced it to my co-workers and it is a true chocolate elixir of the gods. On tap (We got it at the 8th Street Grill) it comes in its own 10oz little brandy sifter with the name emblazoned on the side. The tan head spells chocolate milk and every sip is like heaven. My friends and I anointed it a specialty drink, not just a beer. We went back to 8th Street today and they were already out of it after a week and a half. My worst nightmare came true. One more year until the next batch of "The Darkness" as my friends call it. A small Minneapolis brewery is making awesome beer....Makes this beer guy very happy. If "The Darkness" isn't in where you are, "The Furious" will still make you very happy!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,11/20/2008,11,225,4,4,5>If I were coming to the Twin Cities as a tourist, I'd definitely stay here.  Yes there are cheaper, more spacious hotel rooms to be had, but there is a level of service and ambience you just don't get anywhere else in Minnesota.  It's also a good couples, romantic break hotel, if you want to spend your romantic break in St. Paul.  I once organized a convention at the hotel and the staff were all great.  From the valet guys, to the night concierge to the manager, everyone was friendly and helpful as could be.  The lobby is truly classy and beautiful (Most hotels wish they could have a lobby like this and usually end up achieving sheer gaudiness) and their bar is one of the best in the area.  It's location is great for almost any kind of entertainment or shopping.  Also they have an afternoon tea on the week-ends which is also the best in the area.  I honestly can't imagine what more you'd want from a hotel.  And someone should tell Dormand, that none of the boutique hotels offer free continental breakfast.  If you want that go to Embassy Suites down the road.  It's bigger, noisier, cheaper and they overlook the freeway and the hospital, but at least you get a free stale muffin in the morning.  I've eaten breakfast in the restaurant and by room service, and I have to say room service is precisely what you stay in a hotel like this for.  A good breakfast in an elegant service brought to your room on a tray with the paper.  Like Garrison Keillor once said, if I could afford it, I'd live there.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2008,11/19/2008,441,746,8,6,6>I love bento.i mean, so much thought was put into this portable little package of all the food groups.Very thoughtful.Although my pork tasted like chicken, the rest was great.oh, and there was some creepy dude with long fingernails sitting at the counter talking to himself (quietly) then loudly chewing his food.  i mean smacking his lips slurping, etc.I know it is custom to slurp the soup, but do i need to fear having rice stuck in my hair?Close your friggin mouth when you chew!Also, close your mouth when you talk to yourself.  you know, like normal sane people?i would go back.  i hear they have a nice happy hr.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,11/17/2008,52,166,1,8,5>Love this place.  They have a killer crab cake bendict. Its just perfect. The crab is real and light and well flavored. Also the potatoes they serve with the meal are delish. I am usually known to take a few bites and then push the starch at other places away (so many other great things to eat instead of a pile of hash browns). But these are really well seasoned and just hit the spot. They also have dense and fruity smoothies to go with the meal. For those that need booze at breakfast they do have bloodies. Negatives: Long lines...like really really packed on Sunday and Saturdays. I would wait because I think its that good but family and friends are usually not that patient and we have been known to bail and hit up the usual sunny side up instead. (which also usually has lines but people don't seem to mind there). Also people tend to get lost trying to find this place. And I will echo shay's remark about the office park dealo.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,11/16/2008,66,139,17,14,14>Every year it's different, but here's a sampling:1 p.m.ish:  Arrive at the fair, quick grab a fried oreo, because it has to be the first thing I eat or I won't eat it.1:30 p.m.:  Head over to the barns.  I have to see them all.  I don't know why - I grew up in the suburbs and now live in the city, but I love the cows, the chickens, the sheep, the state's largest boar, the horses.2:00:  Some cheese curds and a (large) beer.2:30:  Ready for air conditioning...  Haunted house, anyone?3:00:  Fine, I'll succumb and and have a pronto pup (and a beer).3:15:  Space Needle.  Go up and rotate for a few minutes with a great view of the entire metro area.3:30:  Must see the arts and crafts - Horticulture building for seed art and giant freakish produce.  Arts building for, well, art.  Crafts building for pies, jams, homebrewed beers, things that always make me say "damn, why didn't I enter any of these contests?", and of course the Eco building to learn all the ways in which I'm falling short of my duties to the Earth.4:30:  On the way back southward, stop in at political booths, trade and service buildings, etc, for free stuff.  I still use my Home Depot yardstick from two years ago.5:00:  Food building time!  Jamaica patties, more cheese curds, anything on a stick, pasta, hotdish, ridiculous amounts of fatty, midwestern sustenance.  And beer.  Take food outside to the south in the courtyard between food and horticulture buildings for easy access to dessert - frozen key lime pie dipped in chocolate on a stick.  I think this one is my new favorite.5:30:  Must head west - if I have the $3 to spare, I'll take the Sky-Ride gondola down to the Grandstand.  After disembarking, second dessert.  Grab a bucket of Sweet Martha's chocolate chip cookies, and head on over to the "All the milk you can drink" booth in the shaded yard of the DNR building for a while.  7:00 :  Ready for beer again.  Grab a large tap and head over to Heritage Square.  I freaking love Heritage Square.  The walk-through train car exhibits about fair history, the MN newspaper museum, it's so nerdily spectacular.  It always offers some dustbowl-era golden-age circus style snapshots, and this year with the sesquicentennial, I can only imagine the historical fun to be had.8:30:  Soon, I shall head home, but first I need to hit the midway.  The fun houses, the games, the sideshow (I hope it comes back this year), and the neon lights against the sunset.  I may just get another beer, too.  This is Americana at its best - someday I'll write a very academic paper on why the fair midway is still culturally relevant in our society.There is still so much I didn't see today, but will get to next year.  The MPR booth, machinery hill's exposition of farm equipment, Ye Olde Mill, the Grandstand shows (and retail booths inside!), and the international bazaar, just to name a few.A couple of years ago I heard an interview on the radio where Penn Jillette called the MN state fair the most important fair in the country.  I am inclined to agree.  Every year I go, I love it, I regret it, but I go again the next year.  It's a bacchanal of proportions that match our wide horizons, and I love that every August I have to physically prepare myself for a FAIR.P.S. I'll be volunteering at a political booth there this Saturday - ten points if you guess which one!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,11/14/2008,1,7,3,6,4>If you eat at one Thai restaurant this summer, eat at Banh Thai.  If you eat more Thai this summer, eat there again.  As far as I can tell, their food is as close as you can get to Thailand, without using up some vacation days.  They're located in the Four Seasons mall, tucked away at the end.  The inside is clean and well put together.  It's a very warm and approchable atmosphere.The first thing you should order is the egg rolls.  It'll become very apparent that these are not your generic asian egg roll product that was freeze dried 3 years ago on the other side of the planet.  These were lovingly crafted recently about 20 feet from where you are sitting.  After you're done with those, I'd reccomend either the Papaya salad (if you're brave, it's seriously hot (for the reccord, I'm not one of those, "this milk is mighty spicy, doncha know" Minesotans) watch out ) or the massamun curry or the ramma thai or the Pad Thai which is quite tasty.  In short, what are you doing reading the computer internet?  You should be driving towards Plymouth.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,11/13/2008,38,397,7,6,6>Ladies, why don't we go here every Monday? Because Monday is ladies night and they are serious about it. We get TWO FREE DRINKS!  That means wine, beer or rail. Wha? Get drunk for really cheap, meet other awesome ladies and dance on their large dance floor. Don't bother with the creepy guys that are attracted to ladies nights, but I'm assuming you already knew that. I wish they had a jukebox. This place has the A/C pumping too, so you can drink without sweating your balls off.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,11/12/2008,56,94,1,5,4>If you're looking for an incredible beer list, this is the place. The bar staff is incredibly knowledgeable and helped me pick out a beer that would suit my pallette.The food while very good...made me feel like I was eating at a French restaurant as the portions were extremely small.  I had the fish tacos and it comprised of two very small tacos with about a tablespoon of tilapia in each.  It filled me but for the guys who like hearty portions, this is not the place for you.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/11/2008,4,8,5,5,5>This review is based on some history so please bear with me as I set the stage ...True Thai came out with some new menu items some time ago and for the most part it is a very nice addition to an already best in class menu for Thai. As some have mentioned, there are 2 owners and I got the woman when I called for take out after seeing the new menu items. I really enjoyed what I had so I had called in again and this time got the man. I started by ordering the new appetizer "Palace Style Wontons Fried wontons hand tossed in a sassy sweet and tangy sauce, then drizzled with fiery sriracha sauce" and was told in a very gruff tone that "the new items are not available for takeout", this after having new items for takeout not a week ago. I should qualify that I can be a total d*ck as a consumer sometimes when confronted with belligerent service and I am certain my reactions to his tone and statements didn't help but suffice to say he and I went back and forth and I counseled him on the lack of professionalism etc etc and hung up absolutely furious!I waited ten minutes and called back and got the woman this time and she took the time to explain, which the man NEVER did, that the new items are available for take out, just the palace wontons weren't because they needed to be eaten immediately and would just not be as good if they were boxed up for travel!?!?!?! That is music to my ears and as a former chef, something I support completely! I love that she knew how good they could be and wouldn't let them be eaten below their best. Now if the A$$hat husband would have said that in the first place, my respect for True Thai would have grown as opposed to my vitriol!Fast Forward to last night, I made my way back to the True Thai website only to be teased again with those unattainable wontons and my devious mind can't resist. I call up and feigning ignorance (at least in this issue) I place an order for the cripsy wontons quickly followed by Roast Duck and hold my breath hoping against hope ... pleasohpleaseohpleaseohplease .....To my shock and amazement she totals my order and gives me the standard "10 minutes"!?!?!On my way I am preparing myself to be told upon arrival that she made a mistake and I am not able to get the wontons. (I am starting to feel like wontons play entirely too large a part in my life) I arrive, pay and leave without incident and I am in complete disbelief to the point I actually cheer in my car driving home and will at long last make those wontons my culinary biatch.A quick note, the only thing they did to be able to serve these for take out is put the sauce together in a separate container which should have been figured out from the beginning and if I had know how it was presented I would have suggested that. Normally this would have gotten me a little since I obviously could have had these frikkin wontons the first time I ordered them and the only reason I am not a little ticked is because those freakin crispy little sassy sweet spicy wontons rocked my world and I was too damn happy eating them to even care that I had been denied them for sooooooooo long!I am not going to go into detail because if you are interested enough to want more, Go NOW and Get Wontons!!!True Thai is the best thai! The best menu by far and Most often excellent execution.I would however, highly recommend putting people in a position to benefit the restaurant the most and for the male owner, the best position for him would be someplace far far away. You get the 5 stars easy if he never answered the phone
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,7/1/2013,96,183,5,4,3>U Otter Stop Inn? Otter's Saloon? More like I otter not be going into work tomorrow. If you are not having fun at the Otter, please leave. This spot is a gem, its corner location on Central and 1st Ave make it the perfect place to get out of downtown and into the fun zone that is the NE. Plus they serve Heggie's Pizza, it's tasty and the real deal of zas, how can you go wrong! Pro - intimate space, cheap drinks, and Heggie's (trust me, it warranted another shout-out)Con - when packed it's the worst cluster and I can never see who's singingThis place is quickly surpassing Vegas Lounge as my #1 karaoke joint.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/30/2013,50,125,2,4,3>OK...when things are 'in your proverbial back yard' you tend to over look them. Such is the case with Pairings. Shortly after they opened, we stopped in and started at the wine retail store. Impressive selection, with prices to match. Went over the the food side and it seemed to function more like an upscale deli. Nothing really caught our eye and we left. Subsequently, I've noticed several Yelp reviews that spoke quite well of the food--assortment and preparation. So fast forward to yesterday--Saturday. First thing we noticed is that the retail wine store is apparently gone. Now the focus is firmly centered on the food establishment. As the manager I spoke with, said: "We have found our focus and instead of being a wine store with food options, we have grown into a food establishment that serves wines. (AND a great selection at very exceptional retail prices). Example? House California Chard @ $11/bottle! Gourmet build your own salads (with a chef to serve you), flat breads, pannini's, and several upscale large plates rounds out a healthy selection with variety without being overly expansive. Food is brought to your table as soon as it is prepared for you, and everything is fresh and very attentively prepared!!!Free Jazz music on Thursdays, and happy hour pricing M-Sat 3-6pm. We Will Return...soon!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,6/29/2013,75,123,,8,2>When the weather starts getting kinda chilly...I start feeling like having delicious warm hearty soups...how about you?  If you like Asian soups and salads,I swear..this place is one of the best-kept secrets in St. Paul! Cheng Heng has wonderful Cambodian soups, it's similar to Vietnamese Pho, but very different in ingredients and taste.Their Tam Yum, with mushrooms, quail eggs, and shrimp, is fabulous! Outstanding value -- this place is really inexpensive. The salads are light and fresh. Soups and noodles are tops. Intrigued? Want to try inexpensive, healthy yummy food?  Have I mentioned that I just love this little Cambodian spot, nothing fancy - just great food at very reasonable prices. If I lived in St. Paul, I would come here all the time. The  owners are so nice, too...Kunrath and Kevin Lam. Thank you!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/28/2013,50,97,3,13,4>So I have a secret. A good chunk of the reason I moved to St Paul is for these guys. They know their stuff, and are great with both animals and people. I have a pretty weird schedule and they've always been good at working with me to find appointment times. For me, I love that they do a mix of both traditional and alternative  care. They caught a bacterial infection in my dog early and suggested a herbal remedy (that they even prepared for me!) first before just pumping her full of antibiotics, happier dog and happier me. Their prices for everyday stuff is on par with pretty much everywhere else. They don't charge for the office visit but their shots can be more expensive so it balances out. But for the big stuff, surgeries, teeth cleaning, etc, they are significantly cheaper. They want your animal to get the care it needs and do their best to make cost not a hindrance to your animal getting it.Plus my dog practically drags me in the door as soon as she sees where we are. I think that is the really best review you can get.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,6/27/2013,83,155,3,5,3>Hands down one of the best bakeries in the Twin Cities. Over the holidays I was at a gathering and someone brought an assortment of sweets from A Taste Of Love. I am hooked! Everything was incredible. Especially the chocolate chip cookie, which is undoubtedly the best chocolate chip cookie that I've ever had. Oh, and believe me brother, you won't find a tastier cake pop. They will haunt your soul.  Don't change anything, this place is awesome.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,6/26/2013,49,61,2,3,3>If Minneapolis has a breakfast version of Seinfeld's "Soup Kitchen International" (inspiration for the "Soup Nazi" character), this is it.Part of the charm is shuffling into this tiny dive at oh-dark-whatever in the morning while temps are in the negatives to the toasty warm right-next-to-the-griddle-stools. Sure, sometimes you have to queue up like a chess board pawn but that is actually part of the experience.If it's particularly busy, you will be assigned your stool. Then get ready for diner style coffee, eggs cooked to order and the best blueberry walnut pancakes you will ever eat. It's all served up with local charm.There is a bathroom, but it's super top secret (and kind of embarrassing to get to) so make preparations in advance if you can.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/25/2013,186,185,3,8,5>Cafe Levain is the best kept secret in MSP. Easily.Sure it's sexy to eat on Friday and Saturday but Sunday's where it's at when it comes to this place.You walk in and boom, you're greeted by an open kitchen with the chef hard at work. The atmosphere is quaint and feels homey yet modern. About 20 tables perfect for a group of 2-4.But you didn't come here for the tables..or mirrors all around.The Sunday Supper at $25 is one of the best meals in town.- Sunchoke Soup: sounds...odd right? It's not, a perfect blend of turnip with chili oil, lemon, and a bit of cheddar. Not too bright, not too heavy. It's a nice start to the meal.- Chicory Salad: Another one where you look at the ingredients and think..uhm. sure why not? But instead, you dig in and all flavors come together like a puzzle. Some crunch with walnut, some sweet and tangy with the pickled cherry. Frisee's also adds some nice texture.- Truffle Pappardelle al Funghi: Levain took the item off the menu so I'm not sure if this is called but it definitely had truffle and funghi and pappardelle. Three of my favorite ingredients in life.A three course taster sounds small in portions but after it was all said and done, I was full and sleepy, perfect for a weekend cap.Go Sunday and enjoy my Yelper friends.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/24/2013,42,84,7,10,7>Two words: Blow.  Fish. I honestly can't say enough about this place.  In my humble, yet experienced opinion, Origami serves up the best sushi in the Twin Cities.  And it does so in a killer atmosphere.  Dining options include a sushi bar, fine dining (we're talking white tablecloths and window views), bar seating (albeit slim) or casual dining (bench seats and bathroom views).   The rolls are absolutely exquisite and are impeccably presented.  They consistently serve up stellar drinks, including some of the best martinis and hot sake I've had in the metro (yes, some of us drink it hot).  Service is consistently amiable and prompt, yet at times lacking a bit in experiential knowledge.  Hey...a smile goes a long way, right?  Upon entry, you are greeted by a hostess.  My recommendation - ask to sit at the sushi bar or upstairs.  Unless you're here with a date you're trying to impress, the downstairs is a bit stuffy for me.  And frankly, if your date isn't already impressed when you enter the place, dump him/her, call me and let's tear this place a new one. Origami is also the only restaurant in Minnesota certified to serve blowfish.  That mess'll kill ya if you're not careful, which, in my mind, totally makes it worth the $30 price tag!  It's a seasonal item offered only in winter and the allure is, of course, the danger and limitations on availability.  I can vouch for the taste and the fact that some who partake report feeling a slight tingle in their lips from the meat.  Want some now, donchya?Recommendations:  Mushrooms app, Maguro Mebachi, Never Ending Summer Roll, Sake Maki, Spider Roll, 9 1/2 Wee-....chit.  Just get it all.  I've NEVER had a bad roll here.  I've never had bad FOOD here, for that matter.  It's as if God created this place from his own image of a perfect sushi experience.  Go.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/23/2013,151,107,5,11,7>Every Wednesday at 1 pm, my Google Calendar reminder pops up and says, "GO GET MEAT." So for starters, don't be like me and assume that "Meat Lab" means something nefarious - there are no scientists creating frankenmeat here. In fact, it's just the opposite - much of what you'll find here is organically fed, and to my knowledge, everything is very local. As in "on campus local."I've bought whole turkeys, brats, bacon and cheddar burger patties, suet for my birds, New York strips, quartered chickens, and spare ribs here. And I've barely scratched the surface. Here is the best part - you will likely never have to wait in line here, and even better, you'll likely spend a LOT less - we're talking quite a few dollars - than you'd spend on fresh meat at a grocery store. They only take cash, so bring it with you. Street parking is usually pretty simple, but you may have to walk half a block to a block on a busy school day. Also, keep in mind that they're only open from 2-5 on Wednesdays only.And here's a tip that I promise you will thank me for. On Wednesdays in the same building, the Dairy Store is open, too. You can buy fresh cheese in MANY varieties (including artisan styles with fruit or nuts in it) and ... wait for it ... ice cream! My favorite ice cream flavors are sweet corn (yep!) and red velvet cake. I go over every Wednesday afternoon to get meat and dairy - I'll see you there!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/22/2013,40,135,2,5,4>Khao Soi I found you at last.  Well maybe I didn't look at that hard but I won't be searching any further.   I discovered this dish on a trip to SE Asia and have been craving in since.  Now of course it's not as good as the $1 version at the night market in Laos, but this was a close second.  There was plenty of it too to last for a few days which is a bonus.  It was a tad too spicy but I am also a whimp when it comes to spice!I also have to say we had great service.  Everyone in the group enjoyed their dishes, Chang beers, and left in a great mood.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/31/2014,51,194,3,4,3>So I've been coming to this place for years.  While I always like the Gartenfest that others have mentioned, my favorite event is the Christmas dinner. Definitely a more elegant affair, the house is decked out in all the holiday trimmings and the dinner, usually rouladen, is served.  Wine and beer is inexpensive and the event always sells out. But its not just the dinner and gardenfest that I enjoy, they show movies, have a card club, and if you feel that need to sing out, go ahead and join the choir.  Maybe it's that European breakfast of rolls, meats and cheeses you miss.  If it is, Saturday morning is your chance to check that out.  And the beauty of all this?  Well you can enjoy it in a restored Victorian mansion on Summit Avenue.So for me, this place is always a solid four stars.  The reason it gets that fifth star is that most of these events (and the place itself) is run by volunteers.  So maybe you don't know German but like gardening, here is your chance to help out.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/30/2014,31,56,1,6,5>Such an incredible place! Attended a viewing of A Christmas Carol just before Christmas and it was fantastic. The theater us such a modern, spacious venue and felt at times like we were in a modern art museum not a theatre. The facilities were excellent and clean and staff very helpful and friendly. We were attending as part of a large corporate party and had a catered meal which was fantastic. I am still trying to get a chance to head back for their desserts!The actual auditorium was great too. Comfy seats and great views. A very professional performance and venue. Parking is across the street in off street parking. It is connected to the guthrie via a skyway bridge. Cant wait to return.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,5/29/2014,93,58,11,14,11>I'm self-diagnosed with ADHD and my laptop sucks up battery life like a thirsty fat kid so Tea Garden has gotten way too loud and distracting and I have more fingers on one hand than Rustica has to electrical outlets. Welcome to my new favorite coffee shop. Cozy, quiet, and relaxing. Plenty of electrical outlets, the best chai latte, and who doesn't love a fake fireplace? I love the beautiful local art work on the walls but my favorite has to be the stainless steel tea kettles with drilled holes and a light bulb that's turned into a table lamp. Ahh so creative. It's seriously the most quiet coffee shop/place I've ever been to and I love it. The world seems to slow down when I'm here and I think everyone (okay, maybe some people) that comes here respects and appreciates the quietness as well.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,5/28/2014,46,54,1,9,3>St. Louis Park - how long have you been keeping this hidden gem a secret?  Mill Valley Kitchen has a Northern California flare with fresh, local, sustainably sourced ingredients, classy decor, and a wait staff that knows their shit.  Mill Valley's menu includes caloric and macronutrient information which you can either care about or not care about.  Either way, it further reinforces the feeling of a no-nonsense, fresh-ingredients-only menu.  Gluten-free items are clearly marked.I was about to order the Bison Burger until fellow Yelp Elite Rachael A. ordered the Grilled Atlantic Salmon (with braised red cabbage, celery root purée, apple relish, smoked prosciutto) and I knew I'd have extreme meal envy the whole time.  That and I know I'm fairly incapable at preparing fish on my own, so I wanted to let a restaurant do it for me.  So glad I did.  The salmon was perfectly cooked and well paired with the cabbage etc.I like ordering salads at restaurants and one thing I noticed and liked about Mill Valley is that you can choose any of their base salads and add your protein of choice.  The restaurant seems all-around accommodating and flexible with substitutions (I saw mentions of this in other reviews).  This is especially awesome for me because often I'm "That GIrl" trying to sub out non-Paleo foods for compliant options.  I was thoroughly impressed with our waiter who was the right balance of informative and attentive, but didn't pester us and let us take our time enjoying our meal - it felt kinda French to me.  That and he pushed us to order two dessert miniatures (TRY THEM) Maple Panna Cotta and another season pumpkin (?) one.  I'm looking forward to returning to Mill Valley ASAP, and I'm hoping to do so on a Monday night - bottles of wine are half-priced.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,5/27/2014,87,226,2,5,2>Hands. Down. One of the best breakfast spots in the Twin Cities. NAY.  Minnesota.I've seen it on TripleD, heard friends rave about it, I finally made a trip and experienced this hidden gem in SE Minneapolis.  Located on an unassuming corner of Cedar and 42nd, you'll drive right by it if you didn't know where to look.  This place is SMALL, about 4 tables and bar style seating at along the window.  The hours are limited and locals know when to hit this place, so plan accordingly.  Finally, BRING CASH, they only take cash.  Don't even think about asking for an ATM or to use your 21st century form of plastic payment.They had a daily special of corn pancakes, bacon and 2 eggs; I had to have it!  We also got B&G, side of toast, Colossal breakfast with bacon, eggs and hashbrowns with a single flapper on the side.  Is it a lot of food, yes, but WORTH it.  My daily special was nothing short of fantastic.  The corn pancakes were made with pure love, bits of corn and fluffy.  It came with scratch made spiced honey butter.  Eggs were cooked to a perfect sunny side up.  It's so hard to describe, you simply need to go there and eat it!The B&G was not super saucy and FILLED with chunks of meat, topped over scratch made biscuits.  Nothing about what we ordered sucked!The service is fantastic and has a "welcome to my kitchen" feel.If you've read this far, stop and go to Colossal Cafe!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,5/26/2014,23,46,2,5,3>I have been to Grand Central four times. My experience has always been pleasant and satisfying. Perfect for lunch rather than dinner.For my first visit I ordered a vegetarian sandwich. It was HUGE and a bit awkward to eat. The side salad was enormous. For my next visits I ordered the caprese panini, and holy smokes, it's delicious. The last time I was there my side salad was tiny. Not sure if they are cutting down on portion sizes or if it was a one time thing. Good iced coffee. Local brews on tap.Prices are more than reasonable. The interior is gorgeous and I would like to live there full-time. It's never really that crowded. Sometimes the wait to order can take longer than necessary. I once saw a guy wait in line for way longer than he should have. Staff could be more efficient in this aspect, but other than that they are very helpful.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,5/25/2014,35,258,,7,3>As usual, my rating tends to be balanced based on location and what type of establisment it is.  This is a "gastropub" in Apple Valley.  Hmm...ok.I'm very familar with the Apple Valley of the '80s & '90s.  Tons of chains, not much for what I'd consider good food.  Valley Tap House is a step in the right direction.First off, the menu had numerous things that caught my eye.  Good sign.  Was with a group of three, we all ordered different sandwiches (pit or burger).  I ordered the Cuban Pit which was very good, though I found myself wishing it had a little more spice.  Portions were on the huge side.  The fries that come with are pretty good too. The location itself is a bit lacking as it's packed into a big box/strip mall/IHOP ocean of blacktop, but at least there is ample parking.  Restaurant is fairly large with an equally good sized bar.  The outdoor patio has a matching bar as well.  If I was still relegated to living in AV, I'd likely visit this place fairly often.  Definitely a nice change of pace from the TGIFs of the world.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,5/24/2014,54,186,,6,3>Honey has grown on me and is now one of my favorite places to go dancing on the weekends.  It's smaller than other clubs and gets crowded, but you can usually step into the more lounge-y area facing the bar when the dance floor gets claustrophobic.  There is a $5  cover most weekends, but the music is good and there aren't too many unsavory characters.  It does get annoying waiting for a drink when the place is packed, because you will get jostled around by people walking behind you.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,5/23/2014,71,68,6,9,8>I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Pavek and his staff.  I've been bringing my beloved kitty here for a few years, after receiving a referral from a friend whose family has brought all of their pets there since she was a little kid.  Most recently, Mrs. Kensington (my kitty) became sick at the end of August, when she suddenly began throwing up, a highly unusual occurrence for her.  After a couple examinations, one which revealed she was super "backed up" (followed by a kitty enema and kitty laxatives), and one with blood work (which came back totally normal) and barium testing (a little suspect at first, but then looked fine several hours later), it was suspected that she had a severe case of gastritis.  Since we were heading into a long holiday weekend when the clinic would not be opened, the staff gave me their home & cell phone numbers, just in case.The following day (Saturday), Mrs. Kensington was no better.  In fact, she had declined rapidly.  She was in hiding, hadn't eaten for days, and was obviously not improving.  Panicked, I called Dr. Pavek, who told me to bring her in right away for exploratory surgery.  I dropped her off, sobbing, and they explained it would just be a routine laparoscopy with a very small incision, and said they'd give me a call once the surgery was done.  They went in, expecting that they'd find some foreign object lodged somewhere along her digestive track.  It was so much worse than that.  Part of her intestine was black, totally necrotic, dead.  My poor sweet kitty had 7" of her intestine removed that day.  Since she clearly was not well enough for me to bring her home, Dr. Pavek and his wife brought her home with THEM.  And took care of her all weekend.  Getting up in the middle of the night with her to give her fluids, antibiotics and pain meds.  Coaxing her to eat.  Monitoring her to see she was pooping.  Fielding phone calls from a hysterical human (me) asking about her condition.  I was able to bring her home the following Tuesday.  I then spent every waking moment of the next two weeks in the spare bedroom with Mrs. Kensington.  Watching to make sure she wasn't pulling at her stitches.  Feeding her 1/2 tsp of food every couple of hours. Cheering every time she made a poopy.  And just snuggling with her, talking to her, petting her, cherishing every moment, not knowing if she would make it out of the woods.  After two weeks, I brought her back to get her stitches out, and she's been doing awesome since.When the results of Mrs. Kensington's tissue sample came back as cancer, I was totally devastated. However, since it is "small cell" (slow growth) lymphosarcoma, and because the surgery most likely removed all the cancerous tissue, I have opted not to put her through any more treatment at this time--poor little kitty has been through so much.  She may have a recurrence, and she may not, but I don't want to selfishly extend her life if it means reducing the quality of it.  Today, she is doing amazing!!!  She hasn't thrown up in weeks (only a couple times since her surgery, and most likely due to the antibiotics or pain meds she was on then), her appetite is back with a vengeance, she poops everyday (hooray!), and is more social and playful than she's been in many months.  I am so grateful to Dr. Pavek and his staff for saving her life.  I don't have children, so this kitty is like my baby.  I have loved her and cared for her for 8 years, since she was a kitten, and I hope to share many more years with her.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/22/2014,32,124,3,7,4>I was totally bummed not making the YELP event here, so I sure as heck was going to be here opening day. The family and I thoroughly enjoyed eating here. This is a different kind of place; (sort of) upscale fast food if you will. At any rate, I was impressed. The burgers were fresh and the fries were awesome. My burger apparently "didnt take a good smash" so I had a small wait while the rest of my party was eating, but I'd rather have that then whatever would have or could have come out from the competition. Regarding the fries, my wife ordered some Smashfries; rosemary, olive oil and garlic. Delicious! Realizing this was day one for this location, management and staff were definitely on their A-game so my cynical nature will have to be checked on my next visit. That being said, everyone was friendly and attentive.Now for that always a negative part, negative part. Well really, it didn't deter from the experience, however there could be a bit more seating.  Closing off with a positive, I am so looking forward to a shake or malt on my next visit. They have Nutter Butter!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,7/6/2008,34,168,6,8,8>What a festive place!  Brewing delicious, intense beer right in our own Brooklyn Center backyard.  The beer is worth going on about, but I won't, except to say that you must seek it out and try it if you like beer.If you like free beer you should read on.  The generous Surly folks do tours of their unassuming brewery (if there weren't so many cars around when I went I would've turned right around.  The place looks pretty suspicious and inauspicious) on an infrequent basis.  You just have to know when (by signing up for their emails or fiendishly checking the website).  One clue is that so far, the tours have been on Saturdays.  Wherein, you and your buddies show up between the appointed hours, flash your ID if you look like a youngin', and...wait in line.  But don't fret, because it's a boisterous line, a beer line, winding through the gaggles up to the counter where you can scoop up your free samples (Officially each person can have five samples, but nobody seemed to be counting).  They'd run out of all but their standards, Furious (hoppy) and Bender (porter) when I went since we were on the late side, but I wasn't complaining.  And they'd ordered a ton of pizzas for us, which was very thoughtful.  The line dwindled towards the end, so I might even suggest going late if you're a line-o-phobe like me.Plus we got to take our beer on the tour with us (rather than get it afterwards as on other tours).  The "tour" was more of a brief lecture about how the beer is made since the brewery is only one room and the crowd was too big for much close inspection.You can go most every Saturday to buy or fill up a growler of their Furious or Bender (or up to two of each), which seems like a nice way to spend your early afternoon (12-2 is when they're open).  It feels like a very small, friendly-family operation and that's because it is.  You'll probably run into Omar if you go - he's the owner.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,7/4/2008,33,310,1,5,3>This place makes me wish I still lived in the twin cities.  It has a beer selection that exceeds expectations -- many of them favorites (you'll find new favorites amongst them, I'm sure).It's food menu lacks in numbers of selections, but everything ordered the night we were there was exceedingly good -- and not just by bar standards.  This place is worth going to just to eat.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,7/2/2008,196,615,14,11,12>Lesson: just because you can do it at work doesn't mean you can do it at home.Application: as a lawyer, I have become adept at delivering bad news (actually, as a lawyer of well-nigh Matlockian talent, the only bad news I typically have to deliver comes in the form of a bill).  Like most people who have had to deliver more than their share of bad news, I have come to realize that the best approach is to be blunt, direct, and do it quickly.  I.e., "we lost, you're going to prison."  (Note: I've never actually delivered that particular piece of bad news.)But just because I can do it as part of my day job doesn't mean I'm good at doing it in my personal life.  In fact, the thought of having to deliver bad news to those close to me is typically enough to turn my normally jovial mood blacker than an i-banker's soul.  I just don't handle it well, either internally OR externally.So, when it came time to deliver a particularly painfully bad piece of personal news, I at least did one thing right: I remembered to do it in a public place.  A pub, in fact.  Over lunch, on a surprisingly bright and sunshiny day.The Local has a nice patio for lunching out in the sun, as well as a nice special, that lands you a sandwich, fries, and a drink for under $10, tip included.  The Reuben is my weapon of choice.The recipient of my especially bad news took the news remarkably well.  There was no screaming, I wasn't stabbed with the steak knife that came with her pot roast sandwich (which is delicious, BTW), nor did she vault across the table and attempt to strangle me dead.  All of which, to my mind, were distinct possibilities.  I did have to answer some pointed questions.  Again, I did a reasonable job implementing my job skills: answer factually, be honest, be blunt, be nice.When it was all over, I picked up the check.  I believe my exact words were "when you stab ME in the back, YOU can pick up the check."  I didn't get a lot of argument.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,7/1/2008,1,1,,11,7>If you are looking for an alternative to a large museum, a day at the mall, or anything else you've done a dozen times, head over to the Northrup King Building the first Thursday of every month from 5 to 9pm for something different. More than 130 painters, photographers, sculptors, print-makers and other artists have studios and galleries in the massive former seed factory.The Northrup King Building is open the first Thursday of every month from 5 to 9 pm and is home to two of the twin cities' biggest shows - Art-A-Whirl, which takes place in the spring in locations throughout NE Minneapolis and Art Attack, which takes place in the fall and is exclusive to this building only.FYI - While some art studios have regular full-time hours, others are used as primarily production studios with limited event hours so make sure to call the individual artist, gallery or shop ahead of time. There is a full directory on their website.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,6/29/2008,217,260,,7,3>I had a break from rehearsal/conferencing during my trip to Minneapolis, so I couldn't help but to check out the local comic shop. Big Brain has an incredible selection of mainstream, indie, Japanese, and even erotic comics that would make any comic shop proud. They also didn't have an over-abundance of toys (action figures, models, and the like), so it kind of reminded me of the comic shops of my youth, only classier. I never realized how much all that cheap plastic comic-related junk annoyed me, but I guess it does. They also carry a lot of graphic novels and omnibus editions, which for someone like me (who doesn't really collect comics anymore) is a big plus!One word to the wise, though, if you're a collector the comics aren't displayed in such a way that would keep them safe from damage. There's no rack holding them comfortably upright. They're just all stacked on the shelf, some of them shoved sideways, some of them nearly falling off. There also isn't a huge back issue selection. So if I were a local, I'd only come here to buy new.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2007,6/27/2008,119,389,2,3,1>I love shopping but I prefer shopping centers over malls.  Something about being outside I guess.  But this mall is impressive if not complete eye sore.I'm guessing that this is where mall walking as a form of exercise was born.  Because after deciding I wouldn't stop in any shop that is available with in a 50 mile radius of my home=4-5 stores, it still took me 3 hours to visit every floor and see everything.  I was tired!The amusement park sucks.  I hate the idea that it is preferable to be inside riding roller coasters while your parents shop instead of actually getting your daily dose of vitamin D.  But I guess you have to do something with all that extra space.4 stars you say?  Why in God's name would I give 4 stars to an homage to consumerism?  Well because I went saying when am I going to be back in Minneapolis?  Probably never and I like shopping and need AC.  I'll probably hate it but whatever. But I didn't hate it and got my favorite pair of Steve Madden's there to boot.  I think that counts for something.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2007,6/26/2008,441,746,2,5,6>Is it accurate to list Fort Snelling State Park with an address in St. Paul?Smacks of greed on the part of city planners who want to take any glory they can from the cold austere clutches from momma minnapolis across the street.This is the first park we saw when we flew into the twin cities for the first time.  I mean, you fly right over the southern portion on your descent.During one visit, we rode our bikes from the eastern entrance and hours later found ourselves in Minnehaha park!  Through sweat stained eyes, I bleated "Fucking Minneapolis?! How'd that happen?"Still to this day I do no know.Hike, bike, snowshoe (quiet, wildlife in the winter, undisturbed) you name it.  There is even a Fort here, you might have heard of it.  Trust me, it isn't like the forts you made with your brother in the living room, sofa cushions and sheets.  My favorite part is on Pike Island, at the tip where you can stand at the confluence of the Mississipi and Minnesota rivers mingle their ropy darkness.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,6/25/2008,412,837,3,4,5>Easter Sunday after visiting our favorite nephew and family, we had to speed to St. Cloud to see Jack's Mom who at 82 was 5 days post op and throwing up. After an hour we raced to Minneapolis to get some lunch before going to MSP to catch our return flight. Jack knew of a couple of places, but they were all closed. We walked around a few blocks and found this open.  It was almost empty. One table was occupied. The staff was very nice. Good sports bar service. I had a garden salad and then a gyro sandwich. The reason for only 4 stars was that. It was really a gyro sandwich with a greek salad within! Beside the onions, tomato, meat, and a pseudo-tsatsiki on the side, there was lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and feta. All the flavors were correct, just the mix didn't go. The waitress was really sweet.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2007,6/24/2008,34,60,5,2,2>My first time at Yum was a disappointment. I got the Reuben and was annoyed because it is grilled like a panini... so that makes it a Reubini to me. Yum's fresh inviting decor and the fact that it is within walking distance of my house all drove me to go back. It was then at my 2nd visit that I fell in love. I am a mini-burger lover and that's what i got with the hand cut fries and my fave: the all simple house salad with citrus dressing. Seriously, this salad is perfect. The dressing is light and refreshing.  Other delights are the coffee drinks in Bodum glasses, the breakfast egg sandwich, all the desert treats, the tomato bisque is fantastic and last but not least: the very very unique touch-free water machine that projects water and mushy ice at the same time. This water/ice machine might be the Scotsman brand which retails at $2,999. Only one other place has had ice like this. What place? Well, in my birthplace city of Milbank, SD the local Pizza Hut had fluffy, mushy ice like they do at Yum. Nice job Yum has done also with the worker uniforms, patio plants, and even the bathroom decor.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2008,6/23/2008,80,225,5,2,3>I feel kind of silly reviewing this place because you either shop at TJ's or you don't. It's not like someone is going to read reviews to decide if they are going to go but, just a FYI, go to TJ's well rested because the parking lot and the crowds make you want to kill someone. Personally, I go for the canned goods, the granola and the frozen stuff. Just like at Whole Foods and other stores, you get repacked foods from other big names for cheap. I think TJ's takes a lot of the Amy's stuff and puts their generic packaging on it. Either way, I save a butt ton of cash and everything I've had tasted great. Stay away from the produce. It's usually so-so, overpriced and really overpackaged. Best vegan cheese I've ever had. I have no idea how they've done it, but I've actually eaten this stuff by itself. Most cheese subsitutes are just dried Elmer's glue but TJ's cheese is pretty close to perfect. The refrigerated pizza crust is also amazing.Oh, and TJ's? Get a new goddamn parking lot.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/24/2009,50,66,9,7,4>I had a tough time deciding between 5 stars and zero.  5, because it's a delightful deli with amazing food, upbeat atmosphere,  and fine service.  0 because it's going to make me a broke super fatty.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,1/23/2009,65,11,9,7,8>Okay, when Desperate Housewives first came on the air about four years ago, I have to admit I immediately thought of this place.  Honestly, it is about as suburban as it gets.  I would have to agree with Beth F. that everyone working here has bought into the Minnesota Nice thing to a drastic extent.  Even signs around the store kindly ask Minnesotans to "contribute to the Woodbury Girls Basketball Team Bake Sale!" and some such other wholesome events.  If I hadn't grown up around here, I might start thinking the whole place is a television studio, with Marcia Cross hanging out in the back studying her lines while sipping on some Starbucks.Although I do love making fun of them, I can't disagree that this place is awesome.  Often when I am back in the twin cities I will bring people here to show them how "funny" it is- then we end up spending a hundred bucks on stuff.  I mean, they make their own (delicious) licorace people!  They have an on-site sushi chef!  The cheese guy is more knowledgeable than dudes I've met in big cities who claim to do the same.  What's not to like?  True, the prices are a little steep, but the place is a perfect combination of a Whole Foods and a Cub/Jewel. as you can get the specialty foods but also everyday items like Heinz Ketchup, etc.  No "Whole Foods 365" brand type stuff being the only option here!  I have to admit, I also recently tried Kowalski's on site salon/spa- also amazing!  I felt so relaxed after my haircut and facial that I grabbed another cup of Starbucks and resumed shopping.  Maybe being a desperate housewife isn't so bad....
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2009,1/22/2009,34,120,6,5,6>So I haven't actually stayed at this W.... But the bars (Prohibition upstairs and the Living Room downstairs) are very hot right now.  And if you're looking to pay $16 for a drink and check out  cougars dressed like college co-eds this is the place to do it on weekends.  Last time I was there on a Saturday there was a line through the lobby, puke in the bathroom, a chick passed out near the fire place and a lot of women who may or may not have fallen into the "hooker or not" gray area.  Okay - enough of the negatives... On weeknights the scene is different and while still expensive at least enjoyable.  The decor is great - a sleek sexy mix of old school and modern.  The Prohibition bar has some great cozy conversation spaces, while the Living Room is more open and great for people watching.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,1/21/2009,80,225,18,8,9>I've been in Woody's multiple times since my first visit and, I must say, it's definitely grown on me.  My dogs both have pretty severe food allergies now and I'm forced to feed them one kind of food because they can only eat potatoes and duck.  Poor fatties! Anyway, I finally asked for some help and the staff recommended a couple of suppliments and the dogs are doing so much better. Carl can jump around like a little wrinkly Superman (pugs can have hip problems and, of course, Carl is no exception) because of the fish oil. The oil has also made them super soft, officially earning them the title of World Class Beauty Pugs.  And no more farts thanks to the digestive powder they suggested.  I can't tell you how gross it is to be woken up in the middle of the night by the smell of pug gas. Trust me, they may look cute but they are the most disgusting creatures I have ever had the pleasure of living with. I still love my little assholes.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,1/19/2009,21,51,8,8,6>I love the Southdale Apple store because it's easy to get in and get what you want-- (by comparison, the MOA store is PACKED to the gills...) I have a special place for the nerdy/hottie employees, and the super easy check out system.  You just tell them what you want they swipe your card where you're standing-- (what?!?!  No waiting in line?  yesssssss!) and then they email you a receipt!!   You're out of here--not counting flirting time-- maybe five minutes?  Rock on, Apple!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,1/18/2009,9,36,5,9,6>This place is just a gem. There is no room in the joint at all. And during the colder months there's no outdoor seating so the chances of getting a table indoors in mid-December is relatively slim. However, they do "to go". Suggestion: Take your order back to your home and eat in the spacious confines of your bed whilst watching Sat. morning cartoons. Flappers are their tricked out version of pancakes and they make Aunt Jemima want to switch teams. Egg sandwiches, rule. Scones, rule. Rolls, rule. Coffee, is pretty great.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,1/17/2009,46,143,6,6,5>Wow, who would have thought a place this good would be next to a gas station and store catering to gay men. Seating was tight, but I was there for take out. The pot stickers were just ok, slightly under cooked. I had the chicken in garlic sauce as well, which was much better, and very filling. I ordered the food, ran to the gas station to hit the atm, went to the liquor store to pickup a 6 pack, and by the time I was back my food was ready. I guess you could go next store and pick up some adult novelties if you are so inclined as well.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,1/16/2009,16,22,3,8,6>Ditch the grimy underground deli that is in the basement of Macy's and head up to the 12th floor. It's like night and day between the downstairs (does it have a name??) and the Skyroom!Seriously, I walk into the Skyroom and I feel light years away from my usual lunch time experience. The sprawling cafeteria is swathed in white, from walls to floors to tables to chairs. There is room to walk and peruse the counters that await you. It's a dream.  Your order is made fresh at whichever counter you choose and you pay right there. They have a big salad bar in the center where you can pile the standard salad fare as weighty as you wanna spend.The seating area wraps around the windowed walls providing a sunny refuge even on the coldest winter days- you probably won't catch a tan, but you might get a little dose of vitamin D?
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/15/2009,53,38,15,13,5>Although I would have to object to the 'supermarket' label the store does have a wide selection of things my Scandinavian background can't pronounce. The Mjevena Kafa (probably pronounced: mahavena kofa) is pretty good, even though I don't drink coffee much (once every few years). Its really rich and doesn't taste like awfully bland mixes such as Folgers or Maxwell. The store has phone cards to call Eastern European regions and all types of cooking ingredients that I'm sure anyone with basic culinary skills could prepare a hearty Bosnia meal with. Unfortunately I fall victim to the 'eat Nutella straight from the jar' syndrome. The Lokum Tea Biscuits look pretty good and they will probably be my next victim. A great place to stop in and check out if you're in the area as this market is definitely unique. The woman at the cash register was very friendly too, perhaps she smiled so much because she thought I was lost and saw me giggle when I dropped my Nutella on the floor. Oh yes, they have an excellent selection of candies available too.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2008,1/14/2009,1066,3452,3,4,3>We were looking for late-night Asian. And, this was it!The food was solid, not amazing.Drinks seemed exciting and generous.Ambiance - restaurant had seen it's best days - a bit outdated, but proud of it, and comfy.Waitress wore a pink wig.Wonton soup was the highlight.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/30/2013,106,77,2,4,2>I've been a French Meadow fan for years, but Bluestem Bar & Table takes my love to a new level entirely.  Bluestem is connected to French Meadow, situated in a former storage room.  Owner Lynn Gordon purchased a bank of windows from an old church, and used those as the divider between the two restaurants.  The décor of Bluestem is simple, yet elegant.  In particular, the handcrafted turquoise hued tile on the bar is luscious.  We dined last week just a couple weeks post-opening.  Service was flawless, menu knowledge was down pat and the perfect level of attentiveness.  But you're here to learn about the food....ah, the amazing food.   We started with the small plate of the Pan Seared Scallops.  I'm still thinking about them a week later...cooked to perfection, lovely plating, seasoned just right.  Hubby had the Miso Salmon,  I had the Fish Tacos and one of our bonus kids ordered the Wild Acres Duck.  I felt it was my responsibility to sample everything in order to deliver the most comprehensive review possible.  Yeah, it was in the name of research!  We all were vocal in our love of the entrees.  They were excellent and portion sizes were just right, and each of us sent our plates back to the kitchen clean.  It's that good.  The tacos were fresh and bright, with just the right amount of earthiness from the radish.  The side of salad topped with vinaigrette was perfect.  I feared the duck would be a little heavy in the oppressive July heat, but it was sublime.  The salmon was cooked medium and burst with flavor.  My research continued with dessert, all were fabulous and available in the bakery case at French Meadow.  Nothing groundbreaking, but all fantastic.  It's hard not to gush about this place, because as I look at the menu I think, "If I was going to open a restaurant, this is what I would want to serve."   You don't attain the level of success and longevity that Lynn Gordon has by accident.  The reason for that success is use of the best ingredients, a skilled staff, good location and ambiance.  Bluestem has it all in spades.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/29/2013,87,290,3,4,4>As others have mentioned, Sweeney's is largely known and adored for its patio. And that's the way it should be - it's a great spot to relax on a summer day (or even a cool fall day given the fixed overhead heaters). The interior is more classic neighborhood bar, but still cozy.Sweeney's menu, tap list and specials mirror that of fairly typical bar fare. From a food stand-point you'll find the usual suspects - burgers, wings, nachos, etc. and they're fine for what they are. The draught list usually has about a dozen or so beers available and there's usually a few decent choices among them (usually slanted towards local).Overall it's a nice neighborhood spot, and given its proximity to other watering holes like the Muddy Pig, Happy Gnome, etc. it's a good bookend to one of my favorite parts of St. Paul.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/28/2013,276,606,4,7,5>I recently moved back to Minneapolis and I was worried about finding a place I could get regular facials. I *need* a facial every 3-5 weeks to keep my problem skin in check. Also, I *need* botanically formulated products due to my sensitive skin. Enter pH OREM! First of all, it's in my building...doesn't get more convienent than that! Plus, they have 6:30 appointment times so I can swing by after work! Parking should be fairly easy outside at the meters. They will provide quarters if you need them! They also will offer snacks and drinks to you. I have only gone with water so far but someday I will be a little more adventurous. My first consult with Mallory was very informative. She answered all of my questions about their product lines and procudures during facials. I like that I can schedule sessions online and get 'touch ups' in 5 or 10 minute increments with the high frequency treatments. After the original consult, I signed up for a targeted facial with Mallory (cuz she's awesome) and scheduled future appointments as well. I didn't know if a targeted facial (65 minutes) would do it for me, or if I needed a longer time but it was perfect. My skin is now glowing - I'm 98% sure it's from my facial at pH OREM and not  from the humidity :)
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,9/27/2013,134,345,3,3,3>If you're in town and looking for something to do, the only excuse you ever have for not going is that it is Monday and the museum is closed.Whether you are coming in to see a new exhibit, or wandering the various permanent installments, you are sure to find something you enjoy at the MIA.  My friends and I make a point of going to see the new exhibits when they come through.  Recent favorites include the Rembrandt exhibit, as well as the Terracotta Warriors.  We've seen some weird stuff, but never anything that we flat out didn't like.One of my favorite things about the MIA is the once-a-decade Foot in the Door show.  I can't tell you how cool it was to see thousands of pieces of art crammed into the exhibit space.  Seeing local favorites was definitely cool.  Discovering new artists was even cooler.  Going with friends whose art is in the exhibit blew my mind.Long story short, get your bum over to the MIA and see some art!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,9/26/2013,23,16,3,6,7>Little red gem and the big bad burger.  Call me the lumberjack because I tore that thing apart!  Consider her rescued.   To any of you anti first time visit review yelpers... this place is the exception to your rule because all it takes is one visit!The menu... breakfast (all day), a couple sandwiches, and burgers.  That's it, nothing else so don't come along asking for a chicken patty or a porkchop.I don't care for statements that consist of "that was the best ------- I've ever had".  They're way too bold and due to being an opinion they tend to lack credibility.  But I can boldly and in good conscience say that this burger was one of, if not the best burger I've ever had.    The burger... Big in size, big in taste!  One of my favorite inconveniences is not to be able to fit my food in my mouth so I have to improvise by working my way around it and squeezing it to death.  I did a whole lot of that with the "LUNCH BOX" burger, and yes... their menu items are in all caps, because it's that good.  Slaw (not to be confused with coleslaw), shoestring fries (real shoestring fries, not just the somewhat skinny fries), and a pinkish dressing that I think was thousand island but tasted way better than it so I'm still a little uncertain... a terrifically tasteful trio indeed and don't get it wrong, they're not plated separately, they're all building blocks to this leaning tower of please-ya.Another trio... exclusive, exquisite, and ethical.Exclusive: there's no other place like it, vintage and one of a kind.Exquisite: a delicacy indeed from the food to the beauty of the three quarter of a century old ambiance.  So... exquisite in adjective form, not noun form as they aren't too concerned about appearance.Ethical: 100% USDA grade A beef,  fresh baked bread (buns) from the Franklin Bakery right down the street, and coffee from a family farm in Cameron.You want the whole story?  Just read the back of their tiny little menu.  Saint Paul's got a little something similar to this in Mickey's Diner but it pales in comparison, sorry Saint Paul, Minneapolis wins this one.Band Box Diner will scare you right out of your skin... you approach with overconfidence and feel like a giant at this tiny little dive but then it creeps up behind you and goes BAM!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/25/2013,56,120,6,5,6>Many reviews have already made it very clear - Lake Harriet Vet will take excellent care of your pet.  You should also know that they are great with your pet's ridiculously emotional and paranoid owner too.  Bringing Miles in for a teeth cleaning was horribly scary and I was beside myself with worry.  Not only had I read everything awful that can happen when cats are put under anthesia, but the thought of anything happening to my little guy was unbearable.  This might have been aggrevated by the fact that I was an emotional wreck anyways from dealing with the most stressful past 6 months ever.  So minutes after walking in the front door, the wheels came off and I was sobbing and slobbering all over the place as I tried feebly to check him in.  The receptionist quickly grabbed me tissues and took me into a room to finish the check in process, allowing me time to gather myself.  Doctor Nicole came in shortly and reassured me that Miles would be just fine.  She even assured me I wasn't the "crazy pet owner" after I apologized profusely for being such a wimp.  They could not have been more compassionate. And with that Miles was off.....His cleaning turned into a much longer surgery than expected since his teeth were so bad...this was his first vet visit since I got him 3 years ago.  They called me periodically to keep me posted and assure me that he was doing fine.  After 12 extractions and 5+ hours of surgery, he was finally done and ready to come home.His recovery was a little rocky as he struggled to get used to an empty mouth and 3 canines - which gives him this awesome Elvis snarl as the bottom up is free to push his upper lip up.  Do cat's even have lips??  Anyways, they were always great about answering my questions and getting us last minute check up appointments when needed.Highly recommend Lake Harriet Vet - for your pet care and minor breakdowns :)
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,9/24/2013,61,80,4,4,4>Attention, Twin Cities beer drinkers: Fulton now has an outdoor patio. As if their beers weren't already a good enough reason to get your booty over to their taproom, this new addition elevates it to a near-perfect beer drinking experience. I've been a big fan of Fulton since their taproom opened a while ago, and it's easily my most frequented of the plethora of taprooms that have recently opened around these parts. And for good reason: their beers are consistently incredible. They have standards on tap like the Lonely Blonde (an American blonde ale), Sweet Child of Vine (an IPA), and the Ringer (an American pale ale), and are always changing up their rotation with seasonal and limited-edition features. I'm not one to wish away summer, but I can't wait until winter rolls around, because in Fulton-land, winter = Worthy Adversary, their Russian Imperial Stout. Blend that with some Peace Coffee, and you get War & Peace, which is quite possibly my favorite coffee stout in the entire world. It's rich, dark, smooth, and loaded with underlying espresso and chocolate flavors, and also loaded with booze. Watch yourself on this 9.5% ABV beverage - there's a reason it's not served in a full-sized pint glass. As I mentioned, their patio just had their grand opening, and it's a great addition to the space. Long, communal tables are perfect for conversating with your friends or making new ones with the people sitting next to you (beer will most certainly help you do so). Their indoor space is metallic and industrial, and there's a large window to the left of the bar that lets you peer into their brewing space. Tours are available Wednesday-Saturday and on Twins home game days, and if you get hungry from all of your imbibing, there's usually at least one food truck parked outside so you can get your beer munchies taken care of. Check their website to see who'll be providing the grub the day of your visit!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,9/23/2013,63,341,7,3,2>Lots of choices, all homemade.One thing to be aware of though - a standard scoop of their ice cream or sorbet is the size of a large man's fist.  So if you order a cone with two different flavors you may want to opt for a single scoop split (their lingo - a single split) rather than two whole massive scoops - unless you are married to a Lipitor salesman.Most impressive flavor had to be the raspberry/lemon sorbet.  Tasted like summer.The waffle cones are homemade too and were delish.Next time I have lunch at Sandcastle at the nearby Lake Nokomis, I think GOC will be the next destination, for a cold, sweet treat!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,9/22/2013,17,47,4,6,5>Meat candy.That's all I could think of to describe the fall-off-the-bone, smoky, with a beautiful outer crust pork ribs.  With a little of the hot bbq sauce....MMMM.  Meat candy.  As a note- I did not find the hot very hot, but then again I realize I have a high tolerance.  I also tried the rib tips which were equally delicious, but not quite as good as the ribs.  My friend got one of their special sandwiches and he was in heaven.Service is incredibly warm and friendly.  Seating is about 10-12 bar stools at high counters around the small storefront, so many people just do take-out.  Last time I made it in, we just could not wait to eat at home and enjoyed looking out on to University on a sunny day.  Go get some Big Daddy's.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,9/21/2013,73,87,9,6,5>Ok. So I know I'm about a year late on this, but B&tB is Delicious.  Dark textured wood, Old-English lighting, penny-patterned floors, beer garden option. Delicious. Old Fashioneds (yes, plural). Delicious.Stuffed Jalapenos. In my mind, there's only one way this dish came to be: Chef comes home buzzing pretty hard after a long night of drinking. He looks in the fridge and all he has in there is some peanut butter and jalapenos. Burp. I'll just mix this PB up with some stuff from my spice cabinet and stuff it into the pepper. Why not? Found some cheese and raisins (at least I think these are raisins), oh yeah let's throw those on there too. Wow this tastes pretty amazing, probably should put it on the Butcher and the Boar menu. Seriously folks, this genius combo could not have been a sober creation. Delicious.Beef Long Rib. A short rib on steroids - spicy, glaze-y, meaty, and the crunchy slaw pairs perfectly. Delicious.  Mahi Mahi. For a menu that is full of heavy meat options this is a good choice for someone who's wanting something on the lighter side. It's still a large portion of fish, so you get the bang for your buck. The light crème and green mole sauce make this dish melt in your mouth. Delicious.  Carmelized Broccoli. Blackened Cauliflower. Not the same thing. Both Delicious.Had leftovers, so will you. You'll also smell like meat and sauces when you leave, which sounds lovely but all it really does is make you want the food again when you wake up the next morning, which means you'll probably eat your leftovers for breakfast... Thanks, B&tB. You were Delicious.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,5/19/2008,25,58,3,3,5>i heart grumpy's there it has been said...i can hide it no longer...the meat raffle...the karaoke... the tattooed loveboys behind the bar and playing pool... the hipster waitresses that are very nice even though they are trying to be really cool... i heart it all!! food is yummy and the drinks are reasonable and generally strong...this place just rocks...oh and free parking is a plus.... i miss going there regularly ::sniffle:: have a premo for me will ya!!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,5/17/2008,94,47,4,3,3>I ran across Sally's while searching for a place to buy smokes.  It's a college bar (located near the University of Minnesota - East Bank) in Minneapolis.  After the door-person opens the door for you, the long, rectangular bar is the first thing one sees upon entering.  There are also seating areas for food service in a nicely broken-up space where one doesn't feel either left out or packed-in.  Smoking, although illegal in MN bars and restaraunts, is allowed outside, within a good-sized area AND one can bring their drink along as well!  How civilized.  When the temperature hovers near -40 it can be uncomfortable (they're Minnesotans, after all) but at other times it's quite pleasant.Food offerings range from appetizers, soups and salads, wraps, sandwiches and "comfort food".  It's a large menu and many items are half-price 4-6pm & 10pm-Midnight, Monday-Thursday.  Since it's a college area, many of the folks are of that age, and it's really difficult to be ugly when the hormones are at their peak, so they're pretty easy on the eyes.  U of M has a world-class medical research facility attached and many of the folks have some affiliation.Even though I'm ancient, I didn't feel ignored nor invisible.  That's a good sign.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,5/15/2008,86,71,4,4,4>I saw Psycho Suzi's on Food Network just a few weeks before I was coming here for a conference, and decided it was my only dream for this trip.  I met up with two other conference goers who were also interested in a nifty tiki bar off the beaten path of typical tourist haunts and the list of "suggested" eateries and headed across the river.  I'm totally glad we went.There were so many things that looked evil good, and the decor was adorably distracting, so it was hard to decide.  I had the cup of vegetarian black bean chili, and shared the tater tots and the Red Rockets (mini hot dogs dipped in beer batter and deep fried).  I kept trying to justify it all: when will I ever be here again?  I went to the gym for two hours today, it's OK!  I can't help it if they have so much good stuff...It was evil.  It was totally worth it.  All of it.  My friends split the deviled eggs, the cheese curds, and had salads, and seemed to be pleased with everything (I don't eat deviled eggs or cheese, so I can't speak for them myself).  One of my friends ordered a Suffering Bastard, and mentioned that it tasted "odd" but OK.  The menu really only tells you that there's a bunch of stuff in it, but no particulars, so we had some fun playing Q&A with him to figure out what was in the concoction.Since there are really no cabs to speak of hanging around the area, the waitress called one for us, but somehow our cab got stolen by other passengers who happened to be in the right place at the right time, and we had a heck of a time getting another one.  The waitress was super nice about it, though, and called several times until we had a ride.If you're up for food adventure, diet self-sabotage, and a trip off the beaten path, it's well worth the cab ride!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,5/14/2008,218,736,2,4,4>We went here with a party of 13.  We had an amazing waitress who knew our names and kept up with our big party requests.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. This isn't a fancy restaurant, but it's certainly a great place to go for a fun night out with friends.  I highly recommend the Chocolate Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich!! It was so very yummy!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,5/13/2008,851,1295,2,6,2>Amazing hummus, amazing pita, amazing meat, amazing mango nectar. This shop is just amazing. All of the hummus and bread is made fresh and there are usually 5+ flavors of each. Try the dolma, which consists of rice, chopped carrot and spice wrapped into a grape leaf. Their version isn't as greasy and sour as most places.There are different types of meats with different spices and a wide selection of sides and desserts to go with it. You can always eat there or take food to go. They even have a buffet that gives you the chance to try many of their items.If you like to drink tea, then I would recommend buying a pack Ahmed green tea and a pack of black tea. Boil the water in a medium sized kettle and then add one teabag from each tea and completely cover the top of the water with fresh mint. Let it steep and cool down. Enjoy!My favorite part is that they sell foreign music, so I've been able to buy many CDs in Turkish, Arabic and Bosnian from them.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,5/12/2008,123,249,7,9,6>Finally a place with really good music and dancing that is not ghetto or douche-baggy.  This club just opened last summer so I hope to God it stays this way!  You can wear a skirt and not worry about getting grabbed.  This is predominately a tranny bar before 11 PM.  Boys and Girls use the same sink area but it's very pretty inside.  The coat check is $1 and our hard liquor drinks were $7 each.The DJ(s) were FAB-U-LOUS along with the decor and lighting.  One of the coolest bars in Mpls. by a landslide.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,5/11/2008,10,20,2,5,3>I've always liked Cheese.  I've never LOVED cheese...until now.  E's Cheese in Mendota Heights gives you no choice except to love it.  The wonderful ladies with whom I've interacted at E's Cheese are knowledgable, capable, passionate people regarding their product and they won't let you leave the store without trying something.  Every Thursday from 6:30pm to 7:00pm they also hold a class on cheese and give taste tests.  It's wonderful!In addition to the many cheeses they also offer crackers, olives, dried fruit and cheese accessories.  This is a fun place to stumble upon and is strategically located next to a wine shoppe...and, well, Cold Stone Creamery..but that's another review.Frequent E's Cheese...often.  This place is a pleasant, worthwhile experience.  Enjoy.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2007,5/10/2008,165,364,6,4,4>It's a good place to stop for a drink or bite if you're going to the Minnesota Orchestra or some other place in the area.  The atompshere is very "Hi, I work for the Target corporation and Minneapolis is my urban dream." But, everyone is pretty nice and civil, and its not too rowdy.  On the plus side...they do have Red Stripe. Repeat they do have red stripe.  I have to give them that.  Food is so-so...I mean come on it is a British Pub.  Order something safe and you'll be fine.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2008,5/9/2008,126,381,5,5,3>I guess I dont know what you have to be "into" to be amazed by this store. Money apparently, because to me it looked a really pricey toy store full of stuff you cant play with. I "get" it. It's a designer toy store. The toys are like art to people that love toys. I get it...but I cant believe it.They've got robots and monsters that will sit on your desk in your cubicle and make you look obscure, calendars, plates and housewares, original art, cute and kitchy dolls, even jewelry in the theme of cartoon robots. All of it, stuff I wouldn't mind owning--but I almost laughed every time I looked at a price tag. I mean, it was cool to walk around and see this stuff--dont get me wrong. I almost think they should turn it into a weirdo toy museum and charge admission. I would have paid to get inside and peruse these other-wordly trinkets. But apparently they expect people to pay other-worldly prices for...here it comes again...TOYS.Was all of it cute? Definitely yes. At these prices, would I actually spend money in this store? Not a dime (times 1,000).
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,5/8/2008,89,97,6,7,4>They have the best burger in NE, the Shaw Burger.  It's a bypass on a bun but it is worth it.  For you tot fans they have some of the best as well fried up by Gary the cook.  Bartenders are all great and they mix drinks that could strip paint off your car.    Laid back atmosphere with a blend of locals and general riff raff.  Great free live music every weekend as well.  Also feature a spectacular mens softball team every summer that brings their own brand of entertainment with them.  Easy on the eyes too.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,9/19/2011,21,71,2,2,2>Rail Station is the kind of place you can drive by without ever noticing. But, you'd be missing out on a great atmosphere, service, and good bar food.We stopped in and found a table on the patio. Minnehaha Ave isn't the best view, but the patio seating option was good nonetheless. We each ordered burgers. Pretty average bar fare. The wings were awesome. Full wings, not the nubs I'm accustom to at other area bars. $5 for a half-order, which was all I needed. Final tab came to a little over $20 with just soda to drink.I'll definitely be back to the Rail Station. Looks like a great place to watch a game. They have a ton of activities during the week: Wii bowling league, karaoke, trivia, etc. Good beer selection as well.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/18/2011,122,69,4,9,4>I must say, this was the most delightful brunch I can recall! We tried the pancakes, the slow poached eggs in parmesan cream, and the braised pork shoulder.  Oh yeah, and a couple GIANT mimosas.... The pancakes, I could swear, were made with mini donut batter. They were delicious: fluffy with a rich creaminess that belied the airy texture.  Real maple syrup, banana and ginger cream made it decadent. As good as the pancakes were, the eggs stole the show. BEAUTIFUL presentation of two poached eggs perched on a thick slice of roasted tomato, all piled on top of a thick slice of toasted artesian bread.  Pricked the egg with a fork and flowed out the most beautiful bright yellow yolk, mingling with the creamy parmesan sauce.  Fresh tarragon, chives and a little cilantro brightened up each forkful.  I would venture that I have never been so pleased with an egg dish as I was that morning. The braised pork -- I would pass. It was good, but just good, not ethereal. The atmosphere was that of a little dive-y diner. First glimpse even frightened me a bit, but I was so quickly won over by the food. The mimosas were spendy at $8 each, however to their credit, they were served in red wine glasses, not tiny champagne flutes. Well worth the price.Our bill came to $70 with tip, so that was a bit of a shocker, but $24 of it was Mimosa-driven.  Next time I will not be so free to wave the empty glass for a refill ;)
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,9/17/2011,185,451,8,4,3>Oh Skyway... my love for thee is only matched by my love for wine (which subsequently can be acquired within you). You are so warm in the winter, temperately controlled in the summer, so wonderful when there is rain or snow! You have saved me all winter from having to brave the ravaging wind and cold of the harsh Minnesota winter, and you will continue to save me now from the steamy unbearable heat/humidity combo that the summer will bring!Well now that I'm done talking it up, let's get honest. The skyway is full of people. FULL. They are all business professionals, students, or homeless. The majority of them are carrying WAY too much in their arms at any given time (usually including a shoulder bag and cellphone incessantly pressed to the ear) and don't really care to use what I like to call courtesy rules. Such As - 1) Do not practice douchebaggery, please move to the side to have a conversation, do not stop and stand in the direct center of the walkway and ebb the flow of traffic2) For those that have a problem hitting the off button on the cellphone, I do not wish to hear about your lady problems, your toe-nail fungus, your bad dinner date, or your flatulence. 3) Please PLEASE stop riding in tandem with your electric power chairs. 4) Oh, and please stop plugging in your power chairs as wellThat about covers the majority of the courtesy rules.On to the shops, the food, the liquor store, and the maze like structure that will get you from one side of the city to the other. You can go from Target Field up until about two blocks from HCMC. That's pretty impressive! I imagine there is a reason that The Skyway system in Minneapolis receives national attention. Try your hardest not to push yourself into unimaginable debt (I assure you it's quite difficult) you are literally forced to walk through Macy's, Target, Saks, and several other stores, just to get to your final destination. **involuntarily shivers... still don't like saying that after the movies.All said, it is the most useful and inventive thing that this city has as far as transportation goes. And for Minneapolis, that's really saying something!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/16/2011,29,417,1,6,4>What a great way to spend your last night as a 34 year old.  Seriously one of the best meals I've ever had.  I really didn't pay attention to the lovely space and ambiance because I was seriously digging the food.  Wow.  You know how to get me to love your restaurant - bring around a basket of fresh bread and sweet butter.  You know how to get me to really love your restaurant, serve me such good food that I only eat one fresh roll instead of  5.2 of us shared an app, each had an entree, shared a side, shared dessert.  Perfect amount of food.Curried veggie fritters appetizer.  Spicy, flavorful.  greens with some roasted shallots on the side were a nice touch.Pork chops with fingerling potatoes, mustard sauce and homemade kraut. for dinner.  Normally not a huge pork chop fan, but these were outstanding, perfectly cooked (not dry at all) and the sauce was perfect, not too salty, but really flavorfulBF had trout with fresh peas.  We shared roasted root veggies in a honey mustard sauce (way more honey than mustard).  A little too sweet for my taste, but was perfect for sharingCardamom pot de creme for dessert was the perfect ending to the meal.It's no wonder Lenny Russo was a James Beard nominee.  Really wonderfully prepared food, very tasty, and a great meal. Will for sure be back!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,9/15/2011,163,151,4,5,2>YELP helped me find this place - and thank goodness.  I've only eaten here once...but I feel like I was just on a first date with "Hazel" - and she was so complex and intriguing, I'm now smitten for her - and can't wait for a second date!We got the drunken banana french toast...OMG - the bread is just a vehicle to get that sauce in your mouth...I almost licked the plate....damn it was good.Do yourself a favor - and drive from your neck of the woods over to NE - because this place is worth the drive.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,9/14/2011,264,422,4,3,2>Two words: Pork shoulder. I want to rub shoulders with you again so bad...Restaurant Week - Summer 2011 almost went under my nose without my noticing it, if it weren't for my uber-diligent social butterfly friend reminding me of the occasion. Thankfully, she also snagged a group of us a table at Meritage, which I've heard amazing things about. It's in the middle of gorgeous downtown St. Paul, by St. Peter street, and it has an amazing ambiance about it. I learned from our server that the pronunciation is actually like "heritage," but since it's a French restaurant, people such as myself tend to "French it up"; that is, saying it vid an estooopid awkcent. So, with that out of the way, we decide on our three courses from the prix fixe menu. The regular menu was what you'd expect from a mid-upscale restaurant/oyster bar: delicate-sounding appetizers and salads, entrees that trot the globe (i.e. the Moroccan inspired cous cous my friend got), and beautiful desserts. Personally, I got the corn veloute, the pork shoulder, and shortbread for dessert. The corn veloute is this thick, hearty soup made with the sweetest of corns and the creamiest base ever. The little bits of crouton add just the right contrasting texture to this smooth-as-silk appetizer. But, the star of the show truly was the pork shoulder. I strongly believe that the pig that eventually became my meal got the best spa treatment in the world before going to "the farm," because that pork shoulder was so insanely soft that it just melted in my mouth. It. was. Ridonkulous. Yeah, I just ran out of sophisticated adjectives to describe this thing. That's how good it was.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,9/14/2011,17,32,3,2,3>Cool Peppermint Towel and a Mullet. Is there a better way to start a weekend?  One of the first phrases I said to Jen was "I love Mullets!" She enjoyed that, and while she didn't actually voice similar feelings, I could tell within a minute that she certainly knew how to sculpt them. We talked for a few minutes about mullets, how I will wear it and an ETA on the next wave of Rattail Trending. There is something about the place that just puts you at ease. Even though I had just woken up one half of an hour earlier I felt fine being there looking and feeling like crap. She grabbed me a cup of coffee and got to work.  Jen not only loves cutting hair but she loves to talk to people!  If you've only had your hair cut at a chain before like Fantastic Sam's or Great Clips you might not know what a hair stylist should be. The fact that The Hive is not run by a corporate hound helps the whole staff be themselves and enjoy what they are doing. We had a nice conversation that didn't stick to one topic, but it veered off onto different subjects and we found our way back. The cool peppermint towel and scalp massage were, as Jen put it  "Brain Jelly!" I will definitely be going back for more. I'm thrilled I gave them a shot. Get yours a Mullet too!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/14/2011,25,59,4,3,3>I've wanted to try Black Sea for a while now but my man doesn't eat anything except potatoes and meat. Sad.My pal was in town so I took the opportunity to go to Black Sea with her. She already knew of the place and said it was delicious and cheap. When we arrived we were greeted right away by a sweet Turkish man and lady. They seated us and gave us menus. We both decided on a gyro with fries and a hummus plate. They brought the hummus plate out first and to my surprise it had a few olives, tomatoes, and feta chunks on the side. What a lovely touch! The hummus was garlicky, slightly grainy, and had a bit of tahini. VERY GOOD! The pita served with it was warm and light. It was enough to start our appetites but not fill us up before our sandwiches arrived. Perfect!The gyros were grrrrrrrreat! The meat was very well seasoned but not greasy. It tasted like real meat, unlike some other gyros meat that is kind of overly manufactured or something. The pita was stuffed to the brim with shreds of meat, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and served with yogurt sauce. Mmm! The fries were actually quite good too! Not oily and lightly salted/peppered.This place really is a hidden gem, as others have mentioned. The prices are cheap, the food is incredible and fresh, and the owners are personable. They can carry a real conversation! We felt like we were in Turkey.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,9/13/2011,87,302,4,3,4>I remember I came here once as a freshman in high school and thought that it was the most exciting place EVER, because I was from podunk Hudson where we had no Mexican but Taco Bell.I was not entirely wrong. The ambiance here is appealing because it has a family Mom & Pop feel. When you walk in the door, everyone's so friendly and all the bar regulars are chilling, talking and gossiping with each other. It's just a very sweet atmosphere. The dining area has the same thing going on, but it's more kids and parents. I'm pretty picky when it comes to the Mexi food, but I have to say I'm not disappointed at all. I had mole poblano con pollo and it was one of the best moles I've ever had. The sauce was perfectly spiced and very rich, and the chicken was done so it was still tender but falling off the bone. Beard had a giant burrito that looked like it might actually be a wrapped-up baby, but he somehow managed to eat it all and still move afterward. I stole a taste and it was fairly amazing in its simple tastiness. My only dislike was the sopa, which just isn't my cup of tea at all. I'd much prefer a simple caldo.Boca Chica definitely isn't fancy, but I think of it fondly and occasionally get cravings that only it can fulfill.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,9/12/2011,148,171,,4,5>Wow, can't believe I'd never noticed this place before, and man am I glad I did. My eyes must have not payed attention as to what was there because it is located amongst some seedy looking, hodgepodge businesses. Seafood To Go is the kind of place that is missing at the Global Market across the street, actually I can't think of too many places like this in Minneapolis either. When I wen't to check it out I was expecting to find a rundown rat trap of a restaraunt but instead found a really nice, well kept place.It really reminded me of some of the small shops that you'd find in an oceanside port town, or even some of the ones in more reknown places like Coney Island and Atlantic City. It is definetely more of a to go place as there was only 1 table and maybe 5 chairs inside.I had the Cajun Catfish combo which came with chicken wings, fries and a soda, a huge helping of everything for a little over 9 bucks, what a deal. The food was all great, fish was really fresh, the chicken wings were the best I've ever had, and the fries were so good I barely even used ketchup. I was very impressed with the food, and the service was great too. I'll be back for sure and if the food stays as good as this, I'll up my rating to 5 stars.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,6/10/2008,35,51,,4,2>I almost forgot Al's and the wallyblue pancakes. I haven't visited in a long time, but this is the breakfast go-to place. Inevitably, you might wait in line a long time (especially on the weekends - bring a book or newspaper), or sit elbow to elbow with someone at this tiny restaurant. If you can't wait, go next door for a coffee or peruse the bookstore nearby. Al's opens and closes early, 6 am to 1 pm Monday-Saturday and 9 am to 1 pm Sundays. Arrive a half hour before closing time. Door closes promptly on late arrivals.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,6/9/2008,5,49,4,3,4>while i could see how some people think the food is pretentious in regard to the setting (lodge-like bar), every single dish at my table was unbelievable. the general consensus was that my dish was the best.venison osso-bucco...ugh i want more NOW! this was one of the best pieces of meat i have ever tasted. it was fall-off-the-bone as osso-bucco should be. it wasn't very gamey, and it was smothered in some brandy-type sauce that i could drink. it was served with polenta and roasted vegetables, which were fabulous as well. other dishes included scallops, duck, and some sort of shrimp dish. all which were great. we also ordered butternut squash gnocci as an appetizer...they should serve it for dessert (which could be weird, but it was really sweet).the beer list is extensive. i had a bells hopslam - 10% alcohol. i was pretty buzzed after one - which was the goal. then i had another.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/8/2008,151,234,7,8,10>While here on a work-filled trip, one of my co-workers and I were starving' for some good a few bites. He suggested this place because it had a vegetarian menu, some organic dishes, and they had a great staff. Well let me say this--Cafe Twenty Eight...you deserved every single star you got in this review. The decor is very delightful. Very down-to-earth friendly, not over whelming with bright colors & non-sense. That's very splendid indeed. After being seated by a lovely young woman named Rachel, we took a glance at the menu. Oh goodness! Where do I begin? Salsa verde marinated tofu tacos? Organic deep fried egg sandwich? Albacore tuna melt with a wee kick? This is going to be a SCRUMPTIOUS lunch! I wanted one of everything, but I just don't think my jeans could take it. I ordered the Albacore tuna with a cup of Organic spicy vegetable soup--and all of it hit the spot. Large pieces of tuna with tomato, jalapeno, onion. (Making my mouth water again) This place was just lovely. Pure lovely. I will return again. I am going to take who ever I can here when I visit Minneapolis from now on!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,6/7/2008,3,2,4,5,6>I love Shelly Olson!  She has been doing my hair since I was 12 and decided to cut it all off and go blonde!  This is the place to be for getting the whole new look you've been waiting for!  The prices are very comparable to other salons around, but the customer service is above and beyond!  I am pretty sure they have an in-house barber and do mani's and pedi's downstairs!  Call to set up your appointment today!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,6/6/2008,61,259,3,3,2>First radio station I ever listened to that started with a K. Moved here from Rochester, NY and spent many drives in to work searching for a good morning show.Dave Ryan is really the only reason to listen to KDWB. I'm really not a fan of the music they play at all but I could listen to that banter all freaking day long.My favorite bits are War of the Roses, Group Therapy, and Gary Spivey. I remember getting to work and sitting in the parking garage for a few bills listening because it was better than sitting in my office!Sorry Steveo, you're a Rochestarian like me, but when you first started on the show I noticed a significant decline in the quality. Shorter segments that were poorly conceived. Chug, roll, and throw? Really!?I didn't tune in to listen to Young Joc for the 540 pillionth time or to hear how much money Treasure Island is giving away this week. I tuned in to hear you guys!Moved west and couldnt find anything decent so Im now a Sirius customer.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,6/5/2008,3,8,4,9,7>We've found a winner! Of all of my reviews this is by far the most worthy. I almost hesitate to tell more people in fear, the line will wrap around the corner just to get in. Stephen Dean's Tailors is the most exquisite treasure MN fashion has to offer. After walking down a hard to find stone stairway in a hidden neighborhood off of Lake of the Isles, you find yourself face to face with no other than the celebrity that is Stephen Dean. Don't be fooled by his soft quiet demeanor, the man is fierce when it comes to threads. He knows fabric and his heart is evident in his work. I find that I get the best results when I leave the decision making up to Stephen himself. A simple look and touch of the fabric and he can turn Zubaz into runway couture. The turnaround time is wicked fast ;which is surprising given Stephen Dean is no secret to Minnesota's finest dressed. The prices are so reasonable you almost blush in amazement. It's hard to imagine that such a talent is still so humble. If you need a tailor look no further, I promise you'll never find a greater place then the wonderful Stephen Dean's Tailors
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,6/4/2008,58,12,4,11,6>Best neapolitan style in town. It comes out fast, it tastes fresh, and doesn't break the bank. Simple perfection.If you're not on a diet (and you better not be), skip the salads and order the artichoke dip with foccacia bread for an appetizer. YUM.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,6/3/2008,18,159,4,4,3>Would you like more wineMy your hair looks beautifulLet's go get it on(People can say what they want about WA Frost.  Blah blah blah not the best food.  Blah blah blah prices very steep.  Blah blah blah service is pretentious.  Here's the bottom line, though:  if you're looking to wine and dine your date/wife/lover, THIS is the place you go.  They will love the romantic atmosphere of the patio and the excellent food, and they will love YOU for taking them there!  Enough said.)  ;-)
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,6/2/2008,38,397,3,3,3>I am blown away. They had a great breakfast menu, an extensive bagel topping bar-including a tofu based pesto. Their space is sunny with tons of seating. The staff is friendly.  They recycle, don't serve bottled water, and COMPOST!  Woww... We got the best grilled cheese sandwich in the state of MN, and some delightful pancackes that were not your typical gut-bomb pancakes.  On the way out we grabbed a house-made vegan choc. chip cookie which was amaaaazing...The next day we went back and got a brownie, which was given to us in a takeout container that is made of corn and completely biodegradable. They also have beer on tap and organic wine. Wow, MPls is sooo lucky to have this place!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,6/1/2008,21,90,2,2,2>5/12/08 update:Went on a Saturday afternoon (3 ish). No wait, plenty of tables. Awesome. BBQ tempeh wrap is my new favorite thing EVER!************Yes, this place is busy. I hate busy places, and waiting, and whatnot. But this place is worth it, thus the five stars.My sister brought me here while I was in town for a visit. I was being vegan for that week or whatever, so I was sooooo happy to see a tempeh reuben and vegan blueberry pancakes as two of the many vegan options. I couldn't decide so I ordered both. Soooooo tasty. Even though I've now perfected making my own tempeh reuben at home, I still think about French Meadow. I now gladly take an earlier flight to MN, so I can enjoy a tempeh reuben at their airport location while I wait for my sister to finish work, or go to happy hour with her coworkers, or whatever. Ha ha.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,12/23/2008,76,147,3,6,4>If you're having a bad day go to Salut!Soup of the DayLe Cheeseburger RoyalRed Velvet CakeBurger you say?  Not just any burger...you gotta try it.  You'll just get happy...
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,12/22/2008,36,44,7,10,10>First off, I'm not a regular burger eater by any stretch. But when I do get the craving, it's nearly always for a jucy lucy. What a creation it is. Two well-seasoned patties formed around a mound of bubbling (yes, scalding hot!) cheese, then topped with fried or raw onions, placed on a bun, and delivered to your table in a red plastic basket. Top it off with a scoop of ice cold Summit and a side of salty fries and you've got a perfectly balanced meal, right? This has been a favorite hangout of mine since right after college. It's not only the jucy lucy that beckons me back to Matt's. It's the entire scene. There's something so comfortable about stepping inside an old school neighborhood bar like this, sliding into one of its well-worn booths, looking around and seeing that pretty much nothing has changed. Plus it's a bargain. A jucy lucy still sets you back a mere $4.50. How sweet is that? I even know a long-time vegetarian who changed her ways after devouring her first!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,12/21/2008,140,449,5,7,6>Because it's so close to my house, I'll be sad to see this location close next year.  Plus, too, this place used to be a Mom&Pop grocery years ago - I occasionally visited it while attending college st St. Kate's.  Fond memories...O.k.  Enough of THAT!  I went into this place yesterday to buy the fixin's to make my granola.  While I was scanning the bulk bins for raw almonds, a male clerk passed by and asked if there was something he could help me find.  So I asked.  And he found.  Right in front of me, of course...
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/20/2008,90,194,3,5,4>Amazing.  Simply amazing.  I thank my fellow Yelpers, or I would never of even known it existed.  The fabric is simply retro fabulous. Fabric is a little more spendy than your average fabric store, but it's worth it to find such magnificant, delightful items!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/18/2008,1,8,,8,4>Tiger Sushi is a new sushi place on the ground floor of the new Murals on LynLake building which is just north of the green way. 28-some even number Lyndale across from the Egg and I. We went there with another couple a few Thursdays ago. Hint: To avoid looking like a dork walking around all the windows while patrons point and giggle at you, enter at the door with the neon sign over it. No advice on parking since we walked but I know they valet. The menu cleverly manages to be really diverse while retaining a simple aspect. In other words, there are really cool options but they don't have 500 things listed to show how cool they are. Simple rule followed: Do few things and do them well. They also have "regular" options (noodles, steak) so the sushi-phobic, raw fish virgins you roll with can't nay-say your wanting sushi. Sweet! They have the basic booze options, including sake. The apps were good. (Lame admission: I forgot what we had but it was good.) Now, for the big time....the rolls. We ordered four, i think. The head chef, JR, was awesome. He came by a couple of times and chatted us up. Then, when the rolls came out (together, by the way. Awesome), they were done very creatively. For instance, the scorpion roll was presented to look like, well, a scorpion and everything was edible. Made you feel like you were 6 again. Food is not just for eating, it is for fun! Rule 2 followed: Don't just make it look good, make it taste good. Done. We even had a sushi rookie with us and he was down with it all. Kudos to B (you know who you are) for not punking out because it was quite a presentation. Dessert was a plate of various fruit and stuff. Very descriptive, I know. But it was a nice finish to the meal and also presented well. Ambiance was nice. Very open and well-lit, clean and new with the sushi bar in the middle if that is your game. Finally, it looks like they will have a good option for the outdoor porch on the greenway side (not on the street-facing sidewalk) that is also covered. So, assuming they get some good business and stick around till spring, there is another sushi option in uptown and it has mad-ninja skills. We likey.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2008,12/17/2008,19,128,8,13,11>Have you ever bought 10 bags of mulch from your local home improvement store, brought them home, dumped them out, and felt like you need about 100 more bags to cover the area you have?  That's because each of those bags only covers 1/2 cubic foot when what you really needed was half a cubic yard or more of material.If you own a house, live in the Northern suburbs, and do any kind of landscaping, you should know about Frador.  It used to be GK Landscaping services.  I think they were bought out by Frattalone's who have an excavating business right next door.They sell landscaping supplies like landscaping rock, mulch, and black dirt all by the yard (that's short for cubic yard for you virgin landscapers).  Since you're basically buying in bulk, they'll be a lot cheaper than buying the bags from your local chain home improvement store, but you won't be able to return the extra.There are discounts if you buy several yards at once so if you know you need a lot, pay for it all at once.  You don't have to haul it all away in one trip.  They'll let you come back to pick up loads if you bring your receipt back each time.  It's saved us a lot of money over the years buying mulch and black dirt this way.  Just don't go there with plastic bins or garbage pails.  If you're going to do that, you might was well go to the chain stores.  Bring a big truck, or a trailer.Nobody there is overly friendly, and the folks in the yard do little more than nod at you with all the big equipment noise, but you're not there to make new friends.Be prepared to work up a sweat when you're unloading your haul because it's work to get it where it needs to go.  But you're doing it to improve the look of your house and it will look great when it's done.  That's why the call it "sweat equity," right?
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2008,12/16/2008,5,10,3,6,4>I like that the beat has gotten rid of the conventional drip coffee for the much better French Press! make me smile knowing theres a shop that has a focus on flavor in there house coffee instead of volume.I also really enjoyed the chai!way better than uncommon grounds!the atmosphere is a bit funny..certainly setup to be a music venue which is great, but I don't know if the lighting is just not right or what it is that makes the dining area, feel so awkward and huge!go there, try the chai!don't diss Jesus while your there..
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/15/2008,13,54,3,13,7>The Caspian is a great place to stock up on olives, various types of bulk feta (stored for freshness in the juices), Turkish delight, and bulk nuts.They also have Persian cookbooks, music, tea & traditional teapots as well as numerous imported delicacies and favorites.The flatbread is my favorite! Buy one of those, sprinkle some of your olive oil and feta on top and pop it in the oven for a tasty meal.That reminds me--the Caspian has an awesome selection of reasonably priced olive oil. This is the only place I go to buy my OO. They even have it in the big tin cans in case you tend to go a little heavy on the stuff.The guys that work there are also really friendly and will help you out with any of your questions. They may even throw an extra Turkish Delight in for free!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,12/14/2008,89,97,9,10,9>After months of talking about going here, I finally made it the other day.  I've become a huge fan of micro brew over the last 18 months and I fear that I may becoming a beer snob.  Although I will always love a PBR tallboy so I think I'm safe.  I met a friend there for a drink the other night and I must say I was very impressed.  Unfortunately they were out of the beer I wanted so I ended up having a porter from another brewer but it was tasty non the less and the bartender suggested it to me.  As an added bonus, they don't have any shit macro brews in the joint, only good quality beer. The bar is quite small and the decor is very northern MN which is awesome.  There are no TVs which I also don't mind.  They do however have a few tables made from the cross section of some big ass trees and there are cribbage boards drilled right into them. How awesome is that!  I'm definitely going to start coming here on a regular basis.  It's my kind of place. Ok, I think I'm done rambling now.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,12/13/2008,27,95,,7,4>I must admit, I've only had the House Special WonTon Soup, but it's far & away, the best that I've ever had at a regular Cantonese joint.  Rich chicken broth with the sinfully  wonderful BBQ Chinese Pork, good quality shredded chicken, fat wontons, at least two kinds of mushrooms, carrots, pea pods, bamboo shoots, et al.  Very consistently good too.  If you have room afterwards, waddle over to Patrick's for dessert.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,8/22/2011,41,95,4,4,4>BLT craving. What to do? Make it myself (nah), head to a safe restaurant and hope their BLTs are good (hm), or make way to a diner that if they can't make a great BLT they shouldn't exist (okay). The Ideal Diner rocked the BLT. White bread and super crispy THICK bacon really made me happy. Happier still that I watched it being made about 5 feet in front of me on that old flat top, it was just entertaining. Side of fries (frozen, but prepared well) and a pickle. Dear Husband's ham sandwich made him happy, too (thick slab of ham fried up on the flattop). You have to come here realizing that this is a diner. There will be nothing gourmet, nothing new, but it really fits a niche that needed filling. The only improvement might be better fries, because it would've been really easy for them to make fresh fries. Also, there was no bathroom that I could see. I'm assuming there was one, but maybe it was "outside, around the corner, knock on the pink door 3 times," and I have a thing about bathrooms.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,8/18/2011,12,53,8,5,5>My lover took me here a couple weeks ago for the first time, and I ended up dumping his ass to elope with a heaping plate of beef, lettuce, cabbage, Thai basil, and all of those traditional Thai ingredients that stimulate ones palate in a way nothing else can. The Nue Nam Tok.  Go here and have the Nue Nam Tok.Both the fresh spring rolls and Hor-Mok are tasty, and I really liked the stuffed chicken wings, but this grilled beef salad is the most addictive item ever to have graced my lips. Get it at a medium spice, that should be plenty, this is an actual traditional Thai place.  No no, no need to try to blend in and pretend that you've been eating incredibly spicy food all of your life by ordering something hot, unless that is indeed the case and you truly love to torture your tastebuds.  Otherwise you'll just end up a weeping poser with an empty stomache.  I look forward to trying a variety of items on the menu, all of them really, but it's gonna be hard to pass up the Nam Tok, if even but once.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,8/17/2011,49,114,3,9,6>Went on opening night and things were running very smoothly.Very cool decor, very good and unique food, very interesting drinks in the separate bar in the basement as well.I have always been surprised at the lack of Scandinavian restaurants in Minnesota of all places, and this opening is very timely considering Nordic food's newfound hipness. (a Danish restaurant, Noma was named best in the world this year)Really unique and delicious flavors here, a great counterpart to Haute Dish down the street, which turns Minnesota food classics into works of art, here the same is done to its predecessor in the gastronomy family tree.First of all, I love any place that gives you some free food when you arrive, here it is a unique one with radishes, butter, and salt on a sort of cracker (lavosh?)Everything was good.Primarily I have to recommend the Meatballs.  They killed the Foie Gras Swedish style meatballs that many rave about at 112 Eatery a few blocks away.  My 2nd favorite thing was the rabbit liver pate appetizer which was very delicious.Also tried the arctic char, the stuffed squash was the best part and pretty interesting.  A friend had the chicken which was also good.But the meatballs were the real standout to me.Desserts were also very very good. And coffee had a unique flavor though was a bit watery for my taste. They are aiming to be very organic/local oriented with some things grown actually on the roof of the restaurant, though this is not something a guest can see I don't think, and it seems to pay off in the flavors, the produce seemed to be of exceptional quality.I was a bit surprised that they did not exploit the potential river views at all, except perhaps in the kitchen which you can just barely see into, but at least that may make for a happier kitchen staff making your meal.After dinner you can head downstairs to the basement bar for some interesting drinks.I'm pretty sure this place will be a huge success without my review but if you are interested you should probably hurry up before it gets too popular!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,8/16/2011,101,229,5,8,5>Ciao Bella pretty much blew my expectations out of the water. Sure, my expectations weren't terribly high (Italian place near Bloomington? I expected Olive Garden's deformed twin.), but that doesn't make the feat any less welcomed. 1. Amazing service. I was with some co-workers and a couple of out-of-town actors (read: former/current servers) and even they kept remarking--unprompted--"Damn, she's *good*". I can't remember our server's name, but she was truly great at her job. Friendly and personable and snappy and witty without being forced. Service itself was moderately paced (everything is made-to-order, so you're not getting 5 minute faux-complex pasta here, it takes some time). 2. Good pour on the Jameson & Ginger Ale. Oh, how easily I can be won over by a generous hand with the alcohol. Our server started calling me Ms. Jameson...which, after one strongly-poured drink, I found very endearing.3. They offer two sizes of most pasta dishes. This means you don't have to/aren't tempted to gorge yourself or, if you're traveling, throw half your meal away. The smaller size was *perfect* and very budget friendly. 4. The food was so good. Sure, spaghetti pomodoro is deceptively basic--but they had so much flavor in the sauce that I was truly impressed. The calamari was also worth a share--fresh-tasting and crisp. It's a cozy little restaurant that is definitely worth a stop. And a stay. And a few strong drinks.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,8/15/2011,77,572,3,8,5>MORE PEOPLE NEED TO GO TO THIS PLACE.Here's to hoping that my screaming will be picked up on the New Reviews thread and read!This is another restaurant that slipped past my radar. We were somewhat in the neighborhood and I did a quick Yelp search, saw all the four and five stars, and stopped in for lunch. Good enough for me, even with light rail hell going on.I loooooooovvvveeeeee the exterior of this place, so totally old school. The interior is more 80's old school, a bit cheesy, but I like the industrial/loft feel.We first split a side salad, with thick shavings of cheese and a delicious balsamic vinaigrette. The bread was soft on the inside, crusty on the outside, and fresh and warm. We both got sandwiches with soup - hubby got the tomato basil that is worth every ounce of fame it's received, while I got the soup of the day, the roasted garlic (pretty good but not tomato basil good). He got the turkey panini, which was still thick rather than pressed to an inch of its life. I got the roasted veggie panini, which was divine except for the odd cube of potato. Loved it all.I can't wait to go back for dinner and repeat a few lunches when we happen to be around! I am in love!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/14/2011,31,47,5,7,6>My sisters and I coined this place "The Special Spot". That's what we always call it, and what all our friends know it as. It's the best of both worlds. New Target stuff downstairs. Used and vintage stuff upstairs.UPSTAIRS:There is lots going on up there. I've found lots of good shoes, skirts, purses etc. They tend to weed out really damaged things, so you don't have to sift through too much crap. Everything is pretty well organized in the shoe and clothing department.DOWNSTAIRS: I seriously never buy any household or clothing items at an actual Target store anymore. Why would I if I can get it WAY cheaper at the special spot? I've bought countless dresses and tops here. They FINALLY have changing rooms too! The workers are soooo nice. I'm pretty sure they recognize my sisters and I.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,8/13/2011,43,315,,10,6>Went there for very late lunch last Tuesday. It was almost 3 pm, and I was the only table in the restaurant, so the service was very nice and prompt. As a native Thai that can averagely cook Thai food, I only look for Thai dishes that I like to eat or are difficult for me to make by myself. There are actually a lot more varieties of Thai food other than just well-known curries and Pad Thai. On's offers so many unique Thai dishes that most other Thai places do not offer. I ordered huh-mok as an appetizer. Huh-mok is a steamed curry fish custard in a banana leaf cup. It's a mixture of white fish, egg, coconut milk & cream, red curry paste and some seasoning topped on a bed of shredded cabbage. I think On's Huh-Mok was pretty good and was pretty close to what I would get back home. It is not easy to make a nice and balanced tasting huh-mok. I've made this dish myself numerous times, and I have to tell you, it is one time-consuming dish. They put this item as appetizer, but I usually eat it with rice, because it could be a bit too strong to eat miniature curry fish cup as an appetizer.My main dish was Khao Man Gai or Thai-style Hainanese Chicken rice. This dish is influenced from Hainan-Chinese population in Thailand. It's basically boiled chicken meat over oily rice. The secrets that will make this dish great is from how the whole chicken was boiled, how the flavorful oily rice was cooked, and how the dipping sauce was mixed. I have to say that this dish was almost there but not totally there yet. The chicken was nice, but I thought it was a tad bit dry. The oily rice was flavorful and not overly oily. The dipping sauce, which actually is a main thing that could make this dish a hit or a miss, was a tad bit too strong. I will definitely go back there again to try other items on the menu that On's offers.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,8/12/2011,354,223,10,3,5>Hide yo wife, hide yo kids, hide yo...wallet.(I can't get the internet meme out of my head. If you don't know what I'm talking about, stop reading & check this out: bit.ly/aQEhOr)Okay, now back to Rewind. You really do need to hide your wallet (from yourself), or you're going to leave with an empty wallet. I agree with everyone who says that this is the place to go for accessories. I could spend all day in Rewind and still not have seen every piece of jewelry. They also have a lot of great leather jackets and cute shoes. Some of the pieces are a little wild, but the variety is part of what makes this place so appealing. I bought a sequined butterfly top (yeah, you heard me right) that I'll probably be able to wear once in a blue moon, but I don' curr--it's awesome! This place is a 'must' for any gal who likes vintage.So you can run and tell that, homeboy!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,8/11/2011,170,391,4,7,6>Our journey to The Lowbrow started back in September, when my boyfriend and I took a pilgrimage to Chicago to eat hot dog's and hamburgers. Ever since that trip, we've been looking for a burger in Minneapolis that could even come close to Kuma's Corner. Thus far, this adventure has been for naught.But last night at The Lowbrow, we had burgers that sparked that burger light inside of us. Honestly, with the Thousand Hills Beef, the difference is instantly noticeable. Also, the bun was toasted to perfection. My only downside was that the bacon on my burger was way,way, overcooked. I just took it off, and after that, the burger was great. Slightly overcooked than the medium-rare that I asked for, but delicious. Boyfriend says that his burger "The Firebreather" had no downside. Fries were delicious. The kind of fries that, by the time you realize you are eating them, they are half gone.The nachos were simple, but good, with their house-made tortilla chips and tasty salsa. Simple, but good, appears to be the mantra at The Lowbrow. I like that. They also have Killebrew Root Beer, which is awesome. Mmm. Also, the restroom signage was really a neat idea, except, in a hurry to go potty, I walked in to the men's restroom (a single, thankfully) because I missed the signs. I noticed on the way out though (blush). Also, they have both Fulton and Liftbridge Farm Girl on tap, which makes this place a new staple for us. (Not to mention, they actually have TV's, unlike most restaurants I like, which means I can drag the boyfriend their when a sports game is on.)
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,8/10/2011,139,324,,5,4>FINALLY made it to Victory 44 this weekend!  Yea!  It is two days later and I still can't stop thinking about the Devil's on Horseback and the PB&J shot.  Fantastic!  We also got the bacon fries (good, but not as awesome as they sounded), the hericot vert (really yummy with a great date, smoked cashew, cheese and citrus topping) and Korean BBQ (super tender, great flavor, outstanding house-made kimchee pickles).  Our amuse was a take on a bagel with lox.  Nice and salty.  I got a house-made apple/fennel soda.  Really mellow, more fennel than apple.  Our server was very patient as we made him read through every single item on the menu.  I love the chalkboard idea, but it would have made it easier to order if there were descriptions.  I did, however, love that the folks who brought our food to the table went through a nice presentation each time.  Even when it was just the amuse.  Lovely touch.  You can tell that they really love and respect food.  I liked the space, but it was SO loud!  We were practically yelling at each other in order to have a conversation.  I would love to go back on a nice night to sit on the patio, or on a non-Friday/Saturday.  We are also totally going back for Tuesday date night for the chef's tasting.  What a great deal!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,11/3/2009,65,260,2,7,4>Love this place.  It's my excuse to go to Chai's Thai (see my review on that also!) across the street when I shop here (and vise-versa).  You enter through the overpriced futon store or around the back.  The selection of yarn is CRAZY!  They have wonderful home spun yarn and hand dyed yarn for very acceptable prices.  They have the widest color range I've seen of Alpaca, 100% wool and any blend in-between.  They carry yarn that is of high quality and it will cost a little more than if you shopped at Michaels.  If you're new to knitting you may want to visit to be inspired, if your intermediate - advanced it is the best selection of yarn I've found in the cities.  It's my go to store for any important knitting project.  I'm a pretty avid knitter but every now and then I need some advice and the shop keepers are super cute and really helpful, they spent plenty of time chatting and helping me pick out the correct weight and blend of yarn for my project.  They also have knitting classes from beginner to advanced.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,11/2/2009,63,138,27,23,21>Like Jen, Sex World has always been kind of an after bar spot for my friends. It's been a couple years since I've been in, and it seems that it's always changing. I have made a few purchases here, nothing embarrassing though (yes, it's possible). There are definitely creepy guys here, just stay clear and don't make eye contact with them whatever you do. A friend did once and it ended up in the most embarrassing night of my life. The guy followed us around the store and to my apartment and by the end of the night the cops assumed my friend and I were lesbians (NTTAWWT). But that's a fun story for another day. The clerks here aren't the most friendly people. I'm sure (eventually) dealing with perverts and drunk people gets old. But it's open 24 hours and has just about everything you might ever need for some fun in the bedroom. What more do you need? Head down on your own or grab your partner(s) and head to Sex World. If nothing else you'll probably have a good laugh.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/1/2009,35,41,6,14,11>My mom special ordered a vegan cake from Lakewinds for my birthday last week, and it was DELICIOUS! Seriously SO GOOD. The baker was very friendly, and said she could make almost anything vegan. Her personal recommendation was the Chocolate Raspberry cake, which my mom ordered. I'm glad we went with that because it was AMAZING. I just can't say it enough. Also, when my mom picked up the cake, the baker said she ended up having more batter than she planned on, so she made the cake three layers instead of the two my mom requested--for no extra charge! How lovely.I just can't get enough of Lakewinds & wish I lived inside it.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,10/31/2009,169,466,,5,4>Great atmosphere, service started out great...didn't end on the most positive note.  But I'll give 'em a second chance anyway.  Their breakfasts are outstanding, unique and well thought out.  I'm a dedicated coffee drinker and this was by far the best coffee I have ever had.  Home made peanut butter was an absolute treat.  It's highly suggested you make reservations!!!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,10/30/2009,42,108,4,4,4>As far as I know, Izzy's is the only ice cream shop in town that carries soy ice cream. For this reason alone, they get big points with me. Their sorbets are very tasty and I adore the little Izzy's scoop - such a cute idea. I love going to Izzy's in the summer and sitting outside with my dog. (He gets his own scoop of soy ice cream!) The only reason Izzy's doesn't get 5 stars from me is that on a couple of occasions I have gone, they haven't' had soy ice cream that day. That resulted in me wanting to poke someone's eye out or throw myself on the floor flailing my arms and legs in full-scale tantrum - not a pretty sight! Izzy's, you have been warned. Unless you want to see a grown woman shriek like a 3 year old who dropped their ice cream in the dirt, you had better keep that soy ice cream in stock!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,10/29/2009,36,404,7,7,4>Oh Manana I love you. It's sort of like stepping into another little sub-culture-there are a lot of people who hang out here on a daily basis. It's a little storefront on East Seventh, and I actually drove past it on my way to work hundreds of times and never noticed it.They serve good, cheap Salvadorian and Mexican food-and if you don't know Spanish, you may have to do some sign language! One of the guys that works there knows pretty good English, and with my high school Spanish I do OK.  It's full of families and blaring Spanish soap operas.A pupusa is like a fried tortilla tostada thing-with different toppings. I've had one before, and it was good, but I don't need to get one each time I go.Lots of options-all good. My husband picked me up from work, and he brought the rest of his Manana dinner for me to share with him. 8 bucks or so feeds two people-well, including a drink. He had gotten a burrito-as big as Chipotle, but much better. It came with black beans and rice, and lots and lots of guacamole and chips.I've had great chicken on the bone here, tamales, and their rice and vegetables are great.Get ready for a wait-Manana is often when you get your meal! It's a little place where you can eat-in or you can take it to go. I haven't tried calling ahead, but that would be an option if you can be underrstood. Once the food was cold, but it's not enough to bump it down to four stars. When I was in the hospital my husband(fiancee then) brought me dinner from here, and I was a happy camper...
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,10/28/2009,85,193,8,10,9>This has got to be the CLEANEST Asian store I've ever been to. No joke.Anyhoo, they have a small food court. They serve noodles, curry, meat over rice, fresh duck and pork. Good stuff for lazy weekends. Not only is this place clean, but it's so organized I love it. :) Everytime I pass by the produce, it all seems so fresh! They're so fresh they run out of chinese chives. Kinda random? Yea.The store is a little hard to find since it's not located on the street. You have to pass through one building or something to find the entrance door. They have a small sign in front of the entrance to the parking lot so it kind of helps. This is just a warning to first time visitors.Anyway, there's just so many good things about this store. If you're looking to cook some ethnic, Asian-specific type food, I think it's a must that you stop by.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,10/27/2009,36,44,7,10,9>One morning awhile back I get a call from Chris. He wants to meet for coffee, says he wants to try Common Roots. Remembers I've said it's a cool place. A nice, warm place on a bitter cold day, Common Roots has great coffee and the best damn bagels in town, so I order a bagel with my coffee, and a spread, because Common Roots has fantastic spreads. This time I'm torn between the apricot and the chipotle. Even though it's still morning, I go for the chipotle.We talk. We work. This is a good place to work, even if does get crowded and the tables are crammed together to maximize space. Before long Chris is asking if I want to stay put for lunch or move on, try out something else. Lunch? Hadn't been planned on it, but hey, why not? And why not stay since Common Roots has delicious sandwiches and soups. I order a cup of borscht and a grilled cheese, plus some more coffee. We keep working. I continue to enjoy the surroundings--the exposed brick, the windows looking out onto the street--and the people-watching. The place gets a decent mix, many of whom, like us, are there with laptops, taking advantage of the free wi-fi. Others are engaged in conversation. A meeting of some kind is taking place at a cluster of tables near ours. One other nice feature of Common Roots: there's a common room available by reservation (and a fee) tucked away in the back. At some point Chris says he's gotta run--something about having a kid who needs to be picked up from school. With a caffeine buzz now, I'm feeling pretty darned productive, so I opt to stay. Then, not long after making that decision, I discover that happy hour has begun. (How can you not love a place whose happy hour starts at 3:00?) A big part of Common Roots' identity is its commitment to supporting local, organic, and fair trade farmers and producers, and one of the local companies they feature is Surly Brewing Co. A big fan of Surly, I'd noticed on past trips that Common Roots pours not just Bender and Furious, but always has at least a couple more on tap. On this day Smoke, which I haven't tried, is an option. The person at the counter asks if I'd like a sample. I'd just been to Harry's Food & Cocktails the night before, where I'd been asked the same question and gotten two very generous samples of dark winter ales. Of course I'd like a sample. What had begun as a coffee date had evolved into a nice, full day. And what better way to end it than with a pint of Surly? I walked out into the cold with a good, Surly glow.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,10/26/2009,15,166,2,5,5>Perfect spot for beginners!  They have a very easy-to-follow menu.  If you're there for the Hibachi part of the menu, you'll have a hoot of a time.  Make sure to place a reservation.  If you're there to check out the sushi, Matt behind the bar is great at making recommendations (and drinks!).  I tried the Boston Roll and a tuna and salmon roll from their special "Spicy Menu".  Both were delectable.  Especially with a glass of Sakki mixed with Plum Wine.For a dumpy strip mall, you will find Osaka a trendy place for groups, catching up with a friend, or on a date.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,10/25/2009,240,322,5,9,7>Have you ever dug up everything in your garden with the ambitious idea of making it better? Then you are familiar with the numbing feeling of biting off more than you can chew ...There was no UNDO button so my husband and I got in the car and drove all the way to Gerten's, recommended by our landscape designer. The sight of the humungous nursery with endless rows of plants almost instantaneously replaced sick feelings of resignation with impossible optimism (this hopefulness is what had gotten us into this cycle in the first place). We went list in hand and the perennials were easy to find, in alphabetical order (not so for annuals). Buying them late in the season meant sale prices :) Also accumulated MANY points on the Gertens rewards card. Saved all receipts and tags. Within one year, they replace all plants that do not come back and I did have to replace about 10%. Fantastic collection, best prices I have seen so far in a nursery, knowledgeable staff (except during early summer when you may have to hunt a bit), and healthy plants. Totally worth the drive.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,6/11/2010,114,242,5,5,5>So I am beginning to realize I am no longer in my 20s .... heck later in 2010 I won't be in my 30s either :-(.   Not sure what I did ... whether it was moving or shoveling but let me tell you my back was a hurtin sumthin fierce.    I went to the Dr office and they recommended seeing a chiropractor and doing physical therapy.  I asked if they recommended anyone and they gave me Dr Bierbrauer's card. I gave a call to the clinic and he got me in that day.   1st session I was in so much pain all he did was electric therapy.   It felt like tiny ants running on your back.   Within an hour, I was starting to feel a difference.   I went back today for a 2nd session, and let's just say I feel like I could go dancing.  (Don't worry I won't be since I still need to take it easy)Here is what I appreciate and like.  I have colleagues who have gone to chiropractors and had to pay a certain amount up front for a "diagnosis" and then have to "buy" a certain amount of sessions.    That is not the case here.   I felt like it was handled like a regular Dr's office and he took my insurance.   So I am only paying my copay.My back is on the mend and I feel like I can still tell people I am in my 20s :-)
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,6/10/2010,49,97,4,3,4>I go here several times a week.Here's why:Although the couches are often inhabited by the homeless, the muffins are made almost completely of butter and melt in your mouth.Although sometimes you may find a stinky old man in the dirty womens' bathroom, the coffee is always rich and smooth.Although you cannot use a credit card on purchases under five dollars, the baristas are excellent and always garner a tip from me.Although the customers are typically hungover college kids cramming for exams, the atmosphere has a little je ne sais quoi.Seriously, no matter your qualms with this place, it has higher quality coffee and treats than other places in Dinkytown and the U campus.  I would try the blueberry muffin and the 1/2 dipped cookie...amazing.  *drool*
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,6/9/2010,240,322,3,6,5>Another amazing place under the leadership of a woman pastry chef, Tammy Hoyt!BOSTOK! You haven't lived until you have bit into this buttery flakey brioche like bread with an almond filling. I'll write more when I am able to wrench myself away into trying other pastries and cookies.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,6/8/2010,109,162,3,7,6>Looking to wow a date with impressive cuisine, a lovely ambiance and wonderful service? Let me introduce you to WA Frost & Co.A very romantic, antiquey spot in the heart of St. Paul, this place is one to visit for the food, but keep coming back for it's character. Especially the patio! It's a delight... tons of foliage, exposed brick, lanterns and spacious seating. The food is magic - all very fresh and innovative. And the wine list is spacious and thought out. All in all, I can't wait to return as summer in Minnesota continues and people flock to places like WA Frost to sit, sip and eat outside!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,6/7/2010,89,97,12,7,5>My brother and I went her for lunch today  on a recommendation from a buddy and I'm glad we did. Holy Christ, we split the best pizza I've ever had in my entire fat pizza eating life. The f'in thing is shaped like a football and tastes like God made it himself. It came with a side of green sauce that looked a bit like snot but tasted much better than snot, at least my snot anyways. We housed the meat lovers pizza that came with Afghan beef, chicken, gyro and pepperoni. That with 2 Cokes came to a hair under 20 bucks. Once again, I fail to try out a gem of a restaurant in my own damn neighborhood for far too long. I'm a dummy.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,6/6/2010,949,964,2,11,7>I was here Fri. evening and thought it was just my imagination that this chocolate cone was unusually good. It turns out new owner, Scott Tolzmann is making it his destiny to put out a fuller bodied soft serve than your average DQ corporation. Instead of of 100% artificial, he's putting in 50% natural. It's a shorter shelf life, so you're talking fresh. Family owned and and operated with his wife, Loddy, who is an atty. by day. They offer 24 flavors in sm. med. and lg. Also a play on DQ treats,i.e. arctic blast and regal treats, with slushes and floats. Others are mocha freeze and vanilla latte freeze. They offer food like fried cheese, onion rings, the usual goodies at an ice cream stand. They are getting total community support, and Seward area is a perfect location, especially after a dinner at True Thai or Pizza Luce. They are making plans for vegan options, so they know their neighborhood. Seasonal, Apr.-Oct., 11-9, seven days a week, may go longer on the weekend. I discovered this in the nick of time.They posted my review next to the pick up window. They will love to know if you're a yelper and new customer.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,6/5/2010,264,422,7,3,6>Getting off the bus from Nicollet & 26th, walking down past all the tiny Asian/Mexican/Middle Eastern/etc. restaurants on Eat Street, then ending up in a place that reminds of Yogurtland in SoCal, I've never felt more at home in Minnesota. Yes, there is finally a place in Minneapolis (or at least the first I'm aware of) that sells fro-yo, gelato and (FTW!) boba exclusively. Or bubble tea, whatever gringos call it. It's such a foreign concept here, where four-six months out of the year you'd be stark-raving mad to go to a place like Cafe Kem for frozen dessert. But, in the neighborhood where I am seriously considering moving to, this place just might be a [normal] winning idea. I know I'll definitely visit this place again, not just because they have the self-serve fro-yo, but also the place is actually really nice. I would say they need to eventually expand their fro-yo flavor selections (I think right now there's only four), as well as their toppings. They didn't have any gelato prepared when I went there (around 6 PM), so I can't comment on that, except that they should probably have it ready earlier? All in all, the Asian in me could not have been more happy to see a place like Cafe Kem in Mini finally!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,6/3/2010,66,131,3,10,11>A happy hour event brought me into JB Hudson, but the woman working at the counter with the estate jewelry kept me there far longer than I planned.  It may have been due in part to the fact that she knew that no one in the crowd that evening was likely to buy anything, but she started a conversation with a smile and within several minutes my friends and I were getting a full tour of her glass case right down to every cool, old piece.  Not only was she explaining what each stone was but she was giving us the history behind each piece - and by history I mean not just the era but a story.  She was incredibly engaging and knowledgeable, it was really impressive how much she knew about all of the jewelry.  To top it off she was genuine - I really wish that I could remember her name and give her proper credit.  Anyone who works at a high end jeweler and spends a very long time talking to a couple of 20-somethings who clearly can not afford a single thing is someone who I will make a point to remember and recommend.  Someday if I can go back to buy that cool moonstone ring I will, not only because it was gorgeous but because I will remember how well the salesperson treated me when I could only look.  It was the exact opposite of what I would have expected.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,6/2/2010,87,302,10,4,7>First things first- my Fair motto is "Eat, Gawk, Repeat".As a native Sconnie, I had never quite made it to the State Fair before last year (I know, I know... what the heck). But when I had to go for my old job, I discovered my new favorite thing EVER.Where can you watch the best and worst of Minnesota's contemporary anthropology stroll by while enjoying an Uffda Treat? Nowhere. What other establishment allows you to breakfast on cheese curds, a Harry Singh's roti sandwich, and wash it all down with a slushy type thing? Nowhere.  Not to mention the Ag and Arts & Crafts  buildings. I love the animals, the local foods, and the gorgeous stuff.For a brief period, the Fair shines as a summerly utopia. I will never miss it again.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,6/1/2010,129,109,6,6,5>Visited again for a ladies night out last month. Still awesome, still under the radar. The drinks are still good, although the service awesomeness has died down. The bartenders were too busy entertaining the bar sluts that has the stool seats in the back room. That was less than fantastic, but I can't knock a place because I'd like to derby-punch its clientele. The waitress we had was nice but not in an upscale "administer to the needs of the patron" sort of way that we experienced last time. I'm not asking for a foot massage, but I'm always hoping for better service that I'd experience at, say, TGIFridays.Anyway, one of my roommates got something served in a champagne flute. It was delicious. I got the juliet and romeo (again). My other roommie got something served with a perfectly cuboidal ice cube (singular). She said it was tasty, but it had whiskey or some such thing in it and brown liquor is no friend of mine, so I passed on the opportunity to taste test.Of course I'll come back here. This place is still fantastic. The drinks are still delicious. Etc.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,5/17/2011,119,73,3,6,3>I know I came here during the middle of the day, but I can't help loving how bright this place is!  There are huge windows, and it lacks the dim, brooding feel of many other coffee shops I frequent.I haven't tried the food yet, because I guess I didn't realize they had such delightful options and ate beforehand. But I will be back to try a meal and top it off with a caramelita brownie (an obvious must!!)...Review to come.They serve beer and wine here, and have a great selection of local brews (my fave, Surly, included).  Although their wireless internet is turned off during peak hours (6-8pm and 10-1pm on weekends), I found this helped me budget my online addictions and to actually get much more work done!  Overall, a great lively atmosphere.  I don't what it is, but everyone here seemed to be smiling and positive...which is sometimes hard to do when you're working on a Saturday afternoon!  Gotta love the energy here!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/16/2011,46,61,3,3,2>I don't know how much better it gets than karaoke AND 2-4-1 margaritas.Alexandra H and I enjoyed the Spanish sing-alongs (they have teleprompters all over so you can pretend you know the words) and taking advantage of those 2-4-1 margaritas a few Fridays ago. So much fun. The food wasn't anything particularly amazing, but it tasted good. And the service WAS amazing, as others have mentioned (although our table was the only occupied one in the back room...).
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,5/15/2011,97,74,1,6,5>Yes, yes, and yes. It looks like I found a new weekday lunch spot! Total score. I ventured over to The Brother's Deli Thursday afternoon, a notoriously busy day for lunch outings, to meet a friend. I heard so many wonderful things about the food at Brother's Deli that I insisted we try it out. He knew exactly where it was because he's a frequent across the hall patron of Chipotle. However, I think our trip to TBD will make him think twice next time he wants a giant burrito. We both ordered the Bulgogi, an obvious customer favorite, with sweet peppers. The Bulgogi is a marinated and seasoned flank steak sandwich on french bread. Holy moly. The meat is tender and wonderfully spiced. Just add a little mustard and you're set. We also made sure to pillage the complimentary salad bar full of pickled treats and the infamous potato salad. Don't hold back. This review is based off my first and only visit, but you can bet your bippy I'll head back there soon!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,5/14/2011,413,275,13,7,8>[ Jason Derulo - "Ridin' Solo" ] Yeeeeeyeeeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,I'm feeling like a star, you can't stop my shine, Individual pizzas all mine, my head's in the sky,at solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, sooloooosYeah, I'm feeling good tonight, finally doing me and it feels so right, oh,Time to eat toppings I like, going to solos everything's all mine, oh,No one to answer to, no one that's gonna argue, no,And since it's just one for me, I'm living life now that I'm free, yeah,Telling me to get my s*** together now I got my s*** together, yeah,Now I made it through minnesota weather better days are gonna get betterI'm so happy I can get my grub on,I'm so stuffed, solos double with salad, the game is ooonnn,I'm putting on my bib to cover up my chest,I'm jumpin' in my ride, I'm heading out tonight,to solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, sooloooos.I'm feeling like a star, you can't stop my shine, Individual pizzas all mine, my head's in the sky,at solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, I'm eatin solos, sooloooos____________________That's right! Solos specializes in individual sized pizza because "no two fingerprints are the same why should pizza"? I came here for lunch and fell in love. I'm a can-eat-pizza everyday type of girl and solos is right up my alley. The solos double is a great deal, you get a side salad and an individual sized specialty pizza or pizza up to 3 toppings for $7.60. I got a squawker (bbq pizza with chicken, bacon, and onions) and a caesar salad; I was happier than a fat kid at a cake store. They put a good amount of toppings in their pizza and their salads. By the time I paid, got my drink and sat down, the food came and I was ready to chow down. I was so stuffed and ready for nap time... good thing caribou is around the corner!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/13/2011,39,108,2,3,5>Holy smokes! I am obsessed. And in love. This was my first time at Mighty Swell Vintage and I already can't wait to go back. I went with my mom for the Spring has Sprung sale and I am hooked. The place was small but packed! They had purses, belts, shoes, blouses, swimsuits, and dresses galore! I think it's safe to say that I wanted to buy 91% of everything I saw in the store. Everything is priced reasonably and in good condition. They also have cute themed grab bags for $5 with anything from jewelry to scarves to home decor stuff. Mighty Swell is great for anyone with patience to look through every single glorious item in the store. My mom and I each had a bundle of clothes and goodies to go home with.I can't wait until the next pop up sale!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,5/12/2011,47,38,4,5,2>The UofM has built a wonderful new stadium for a team that hasnt done shit since the 1930's.  Their monument to failure forced the perfectly located Peaking Garden to move because they wanted to put a mound of grass with a tree in the center in its place.   Boy does that make watching the gophers struggle through another losing season a much better experience.  Thanks guys!Peaking Garden was a staple for my family to attend to get together for dim sum for any excuse we could make up.  The new location is off midway and while the food is still great the added convenience of a pimp suit shop next door is canceled out by having to worry about electronic devices being seen from anyone looking into your car.  The end of dim sum here really bothers me since it was my favorite in the cities.  I'd give this place a 5 if they still had it since their food is so good but damn them for ending dim sum.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/11/2011,242,106,3,12,9>I had THE most amazing time here... and I'm not quite sure where to begin. The service was over the top fantastic, the food was an explosion of flavors, and, not to be bias, but the company was cream de la cream. But let's back up. Take a breath. That was a mental note for myself... not you, unless you're feeling asthmatic already. Then um, I feel sorry for you.Why Raku? We knew we wanted sushi and I wanted to try something new. I've already been to Ichiban, Sushi Tango, Wasabi, Origami, Seven, Nami, Tiger Sushi, Fuji Ya, Crave, blah, blah, blah. You name it, I've probably been there. But Raku... this was new, and unheard of!First off, on 50th and France in Edina? Sounds classy and just my type of joint. And, only 11 reviews on Yelp so far? Tempting... very tempting.  I figured they must be new or something! Turns out, new-ish is right, about a year.The atmosphere was indeed classy, posh and modern with white booths and smooth pebbled tabletops. Our waiter was Josh, and I knew right away he was going to be great. I mean, anyone who looks like they just came right off of some reality food network show in his all-black, tidy, professional attire with vest, had to be awesome. He was very friendly, professional, and *clearly* knew the kitchen and the bar well.Josh got to know us a little, asked us a few key questions (do we like mackerel, are we open to try new things, how's our comfort level with spiciness, etc) and told us that if we were okay with it, he would do what he loves and whip us up something special, delicious and within budget. Sounds intriguing, so we went with it. And good choice it was - we got dishes that weren't even offered on the menu! See the pictures, but here's what we got - in order of my preferences: - Lost Tuna: 6 silver dollar sized pieces of ahi tuna, cut thin. Seared with black pepper wrapped around mixed greens kissed with plus sauce, and a touch of sesame oil. Each bite topped with hoison fresh jalapeno, masago caviar, and wasabi sauce. - Tropical Roll:  eel, rice, seaweed, lobster salad, mango, apple, wrapped in avocado with spicy mayo and eel sauce. - Fresh slices of Yellow Tail with Jalepeno and cherry tomatoes- Agi, spanish mackerel with ponzu: came deep fried and raw. Very authentic - takes a true "Asian" to eat an entire fish - mmhm crispy bones. Paired with all that was a bottle of Hou Hou Shu Sparkling Sake. Champagne-y, sparkling cider-y, sweet and savory.  An 180ML bottle imported from Japan will run you $15, but delightful it was! I seriously might need to import a case of this now...To do what we did, you have to be ready for whatever and be comfortable with ambiguity, but aren't all culinary experiences supposed to be a riveting adventure? Josh picked just the right amount of food for us with an array of tastes and textures; though, we never did make it to dessert. Next time. Now, go make a reservation on opentable.com. And ask for Josh. You won't regret it, even if you do order off the menu. :-P
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/10/2011,16,52,2,5,3>Well helloooo, Bon Vie! Where have you been all my life?I went here a few weeks ago for the first time and fell head over heels in love. It's got one of the greatest breakfasts I've had in St Paul that's not at a diner-type place. The food was great - I was allowed to make alterations to the omelet they had listed on the menu - and the ingredients were fresh and so delicious! The coffee was wonderful and our server was attentive, and a lot of fun. He was very accommodating, funny and gave great recommendations - even told us where to buy the tea that my mother had and was obsessing over! The atmosphere is adorable, and the space is small and cozy. All in all, I love this place. I'll definitely be back!!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,5/9/2011,288,87,2,5,5>With so many years of visiting the Gasthaus Bavarian Hunter, I have never been disappointed with their gemutlichkeit or German cuisine.  Last night we stopped by and enjoyed the Oktoberfest celebration and had a wonderful time.  The bratwurst and rotkohl were outstanding and lended to the traditional festivities of the motherland!  We miss you Karl and Carl Jr.!Oktoberfest is a 16- to 18-day festival held each year in Munich, Bavaria, Germany, running from late September to the first weekend in October. It is one of the most famous events in Germany and the world's largest fair, with some six million people attending every year. The Oktoberfest is an important part of Bavarian culture. Other cities across the world also hold Oktoberfest celebrations, modeled after the Munich event.The Munich Oktoberfest, traditionally, takes place during the sixteen days up to and including the first Sunday in October. In 1994, the schedule was modified in response to German reunification so that if the first Sunday in October falls on the 1st or 2nd, then the festival will go on until October 3 (German Unity Day). Thus, the festival is now 17 days when the 1st Sunday is October 2nd and 18 days when it is October 1st. In 2010, the festival lasts exceptionally until the first October Monday, to mark the 200 year jubilee of the event. The festival is held on an area named the Theresienwiese (field, or meadow, of Therese), often called Wiesn for short, which is located near Munich's centre South East of the main train station.Visitors eat huge amounts of traditional hearty fare such as Hendl (chicken), Schweinsbraten (roast pork), Schweinshaxe (ham hock}, Steckerlfisch (grilled fish on a stick), Würstl (sausages) along with Brezn (Pretzel), Knödel (potato or bread dumplings), Kasspatzn (cheese noodles), Reiberdatschi (potato pancakes), Sauerkraut or Blaukraut (red cabbage) along with such Bavarian delicacies as Obatzda (a spiced cheese-butter spread), Rokeg (meat and blood baked into a pastry) and Weisswurst (a white sausage).A note about the Bavarian hat:  Traditional visitors wear during the Oktoberfest Bavarian hats (Tirolerhüte), which contain a tuft of goat hair. In Germany, goat hair is highly valued and prized, making it one of the most expensive objects for sale. The more tufts of goat hair on your hat, the wealthier you are considered to be. Technology helping, this tradition ended with the appearance of cheap goat hair imitations on the market.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,5/8/2011,94,61,6,4,4>Saw Better than Ezra play here in December. (Cue mockery of my 90's uncultured taste in music but I absolutely love these guys.)I believe this is designed by the owners of Kitty Cat and Loring...and if you love the exposed brick, classic red velvet and crazy over-the-top chandeliers, it's definitely a must visit place for a show or event. This place looks like the spot where you would want to party for Mardi Gras, which, for my Southern boys from Louisiana, was the perfect setting for the night.The bathrooms were ridiculous and I loved them. Unisex (sort of) and confusing as all get out. Still private enough  though that you don't have to worry about someone hearing you...I can actually picture this bathroom as being "difficult" for the imbibing type (cough cough...of course I am not included in that generalization). Strike that, I had difficulty using it even when I WAS sober. My rating is biased toward the fact that the show was hilarious and amazing. The boys bitterly complained about how they were supposed to rock out in this frigid climate and showed the stolid Minnesotans exactly how it's done. Kid Sis described it as "the kind of show that makes you fall in love with music all over again."Great show. Great night. Awesome location.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,8/17/2008,16,145,3,6,3>This is the best park in the Twin Cities.  It's got walking/light hiking trails, a dog park that blows all others out of the water, bike trails, a spectacular waterfall, a fabulous seafood eatery, places to have a wedding, places to play music, places to play football/soccer/frisbee/tag with your friends, rolling meadows, ski trails, picnic tables, grills, benches, flowers, trees, and rentals, oh my.  It would be easy to spend a whole day here.Even if you don't have a dog, take a stroll through the dog park.  The wide path cuts through the forest and the trees form a tunnel-like canopy overhead.  It's beautiful.  Just remember to bring bug spray because it can get a little swampy in the back parts.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,8/15/2008,9,36,5,3,5>Great pizza, good pasta, and subs. Bad location, and even more dicey parking. However not a sun-dried tomato to be found. Thus all the pizza, hold the attitude. Plus, no chance of an unwashed dreadlock falling into your spaghetti. Just kidding. I love you wacky Luce and Galactic kids...;)
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,8/14/2008,165,364,4,6,4>This review is only for late night happy hour.  Really, one of my favorite things about Minneapolis-the kick ass happy hours here.  In NY, there is no way, I could have a 4 dollar glass of cab/malbec that actually tastes good along with a huge cheese plate with fruit and bread that is also quality.  There is no way I could get a big plate full of pommes frites, mussels, or terrine all for 5 dollars and in a nice bistro bohemian warm atmosphere.  Barbette does make me feel like I'm in Paris or NYC, and not in Minneapolis.  5 stars for the transporting experience and the incredible happy hours.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2007,8/12/2008,46,86,4,5,7>I have been fortunate to have kept myself off of the 86'd list. The people here are what the Triple Rock, CC and any other bar in the MPLS want to be. The largest mix of people in a part of the country that is thought to be primarily white. Yeah, someone recently was shot at here. It is truly a dive, there's always a chance of insane behavior. Which is why it's so fucking rad. And the Hamms on tap sort of helps out. I went to Palmfest 2 years in a row; one year some one opened a can of mace- an experience indeed, and then a nother year I saw the Knotwells inside the tiny bar. I have not been to such a united, painful punk rock show in years. The kids that frequent are standoffish, but get to know 'em - they'll help you up in the pit.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,8/11/2008,87,37,1,6,6>It's an established fact that the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra (SPCO) is one of the premiere chamber orchestras in the world. And yet, it seems to languish in relative obscurity in the Twin Cities, except to the most ardent of classical music fans.Part of the issue, I think, comes from the overwhelming modern day preference for larger "philharmonic" orchestras, including our own Minnesota Orchestra. Big cars, big houses, big orchestras. Big.Certainly, they have their place, especially in handling some of the heavier pieces from the Romantic period. But an orchestra of the SPCO's size can offer much more integrity to the work of Handel, Bach, Ravel, et. al. The clean lines and nimbleness crucial to interpreting a master like Haydn, for example, is best attained by a pared down cast that allows the beauty of each instrument to be heard in exquisite form. Larger orchestras often fail in their attempts at the same repertoire, as they lend a heavy, sluggish and bulky sound to someone like Mozart. I once heard a full orchestra drown out the Queen of the Night, making her seem like a harmless water nymph. The Ordway Center is the primary stage of the SPCO. Acoustically, this should work to their disadvantage, since chamber works are best performed in smaller, intimate settings (the Ordway is large enough to host a Britney Spears concert). But they are so skilled that they manage to overcome this barrier rather well. Occasional concerts are performed elsewhere, including the Ted Mann Concert Hall.Although they broadcast nationally through over 60 public radio stations, the SPCO is best live, and I highly recommend them to anyone interested in (or curious about) classical music.  Note: don't miss their Beethoven symphonies!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,8/10/2008,41,65,2,4,3>Pleasantly surprised to dine at this restaurant on Como in St. Paul, kind of a strange place for a restaurant of this quality.First, the place has a huge porch which would be awesome except it was nasty hot outside.For starters, the crabs cakes and calamari were tasty, along with an interesting amuse-bouche, a little rice and beans.For main course, I enjoyed some pork cuts while my friends had the duck and sea bass. The duck was definitely the best, though all were pretty tasty. The pork was also locally sourced which is pretty cool. Desert was also great. Chocolate torte ice cream from Sebastian Joe's (another local favorite) and a chocolate lava cake with some panna cotta cheese on the upper half. Very tasty. Melted in my mouth. Overall good ambiance. Our server was very energetic (sometimes annoyingly so) but helpful and quick.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,8/9/2008,2,5,2,4,4>You're not likely to find a better French/Italian style bakery in the country. "Surely, you can't be serious," you say. Oh, but I am serious and don't call me Shirley. Not convinced? Try a single olive roll with it's perfect balance of crisp crust, pillow soft bread, and moist, savory olives and then we'll talk. Scones? If your gauge for scones are the shortening-bombs they pawn off as baked goods at Caribucks, well, you simply haven't had a real scone. You owe it to yourself to sink your chompers into one of Rustica's lightly-sweet, butter-crumbly currant scones. These are scones the way the nature intended. There's more. Oh, so much more: chocolate cookies that melt on your tongue like a french kiss from a chocolate angel; crusty/soft baguettes; tarts, tarts, and more tarts. Side bonus: Rustica is located within Java Jack's so you can sit an enjoy the always entertaining people watching and bustling neighborhood vibe. Note: As another commenter pointed out, you can't get a Rustica baked good and a coffee rung up at a single register. Sure, it would be nice, but I don't know, no biggie for me.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,8/8/2008,51,96,6,5,6>My boyfriend refuses to come here with me (even though it's walking distance) because the crowd usually skews pretty old at all hours of the day. It might be the run off from the golf course near by. Either way, my boyfriend doesn't know what the hell he's talking about because this is apparently where the party's at. When we went on a Friday late afternoon there was a table of middle aged women throwing back beer bombs. If that's not a good time, then I don't know want to know you.The alcohol is pretty cheap (pretty standard selection but I swear I get all pavlovian when honeyweiss is listed) and the food a plenty! This ain't no gastropub but the tuna melt  and the grilled chicken sandwich are pretty tasty. The fries are always deliciously seasoned and salty. And there's a whole game room so you can play big game hunter while waiting for your food. If that's not enough, they have all you can eat free taco bar from like 9PM - 11PM. Diarrhea, you say? And right you  may be, but beggars can't be choosers now can they.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2008,8/7/2008,19,121,4,4,3>This is what happens when Germany meets.... a rave? Errr... something like that. There aren't many places where you can go in the Twin Cities to find good, German food. I'll be honest--haven't tried the food but from what I hear, this place has got it going on for the food. Right down to the waitresses in their uhh... outfits.So perhaps what they're most famous for are the boots of beer. Be ready to put your credit card down for an $80 deposit. That's so you don't walk away with das boot. I enjoyed the polka music and the insanely adorable couples dancing the night away. That is, until 11 pm hit. All of a sudden, the dance floor turned into one hot techno mess. Drunken college kids everywhere, grinding on each other. Loud rap bellowing from the speakers. I was a bit disappointed because I didn't know it would turn into such a nightclub. I mean, if you want that, go to Spin right? But, all in all, a good bar. Great brews and lively atmosphere.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,8/6/2008,35,41,4,6,7>Holy hell, Galactic Pizza is awesome. I'd give them 3 stars for their amazing golf cart-like delivery mobiles alone, but throw in their superhero uniforms & I'm sold! Oh, yeah--and they get 4 stars because of their scrumptious pizza. They're a little pricey, but worth every penny.You gotta love a company that aims to do their part in saving the planet by serving up delicious after-bar drunk food... Well, I guess you can get it at any time of the day, but this is when it seems to be most appealing to me. (Am I looking like too much of a lush already?)I enjoy all of their vegan options, and especially appreciate the fact that they have a "C.S.A. pizza" that uses fresh, seasonal, organic produce from a local C.S.A. organization. (Community Supported Agriculture for those who are currently thinking, "WTF is she talking about?") Sometimes the choices are weird--last week the C.S.A. selection was beets... So that's hit or miss. But such a cool notion!At any rate, whether you love the earth or not (and I do!), I think you'll love Galactic Pizza.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,8/30/2012,81,401,6,7,5>Hong Kong Noodles is one of the best Chinese restaurants we've found in the area so far. The food is authentic, the noodles (per the name) are freshly made. The overall authenticity and deliciousness of the food is really excellent. It is also consistent -- the hallmark of a good Chinese joint. And it's FAST -- even better.Among my favorites --The #76 -- a really wonderful light, sweet and ginger-y broth with dumplings, noodles, Chinese broccoli and slices of bbq pork. Soooo sooo good.#353 -- choose pan friend noodles option. This comes with pieces of pork, chinese broccoli and that awesome garlic/ginger brown sauce that is the hallmark of many Chinese dishes.The fried dumplings are OK, the eggrolls are better.The hot pots are also excellent.The place can get a bit crowded on the weekends at dinner, so be prepared to wait a bit. There is often congestion at the front of the restaurant, and the staff can be generally disorganized. On various occasions, we've been ignored for a long period of time, seated out of order and handed someone else's credit card receipt. But the food is worth coming back for and is the reason the place is always so busy. Tonight it cost the two of us $31 including tax, tip, two entrees and an appetizer.At the moment, getting to the place is a mess due to the massive and seemingly pointless construction project. Best bet is to park a few blocks away and walk in. If you are driving, there IS parking both behind the restaurant and there are reserved spots in the next door liquor store's lot as well.Finally, a plea from someone who loves good authentic Asian food and also cooks it herself. PLEASE, for the love of God, people, order something other than sesame chicken! Every time we come here, I see plates and plates of sesame chicken coming out of the kitchen. You can get that ANYWHERE. In a place like this, you should branch out, be adventurous and try something new. The food is wonderful. You will be well rewarded.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/29/2012,12,103,3,5,4>I wish this place was closer to my house, it's so good! I've been here for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was great, but I thought Sun Street really outdid themselves with dinner. First of all, they have a great selection of local beers including Surly, Bells and Founders, and, according to my wife, good wine. My wife ordered two starters for her meal, fry bread tacos and hush puppies. She said that the hush puppies were one the best things she's ever had. They came with a chutney that she really loved, too. I got the Shorewich, a fried cod sandwich, which was stellar. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. A lot of reviewers seem to only come here for breakfast, go check this place out for dinner!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/28/2012,87,191,,5,5>The Weisman Museum is yet another example of the tremendous marriage of art and architecture that you find in the Twin Cities. We are truly blessed to have so many wonderful spaces to view art.The Weisman Museum is located on the campus of the University of Minnesota--a beautiful location over-looking the Mississippi River along the river road. Parking is made easy by having their own parking lot below the building, and another campus garage nearby. The building itself is world-famous thanks to Frank Gehry, who has designed numerous iconic structures all over the world (my favorite of which is the Stata Center on the campus of MIT). It is definitely true to Gehry's style and an inconic piece of Twin Cities architecture.The collection isnt what you might find at the Walker or MIA, but it's definitely impressive in its own right. There are pieces by Warhol & O'Keeffe just to name a couple. The space is bright thanks to many ceiling windows which allow you to view the art in good light. The new addition to the facility will also allow more of the 17,000 pieces in the collection to be displayed. One thing that I really appreciate, aside from FREE admission of couse, is that lenient photography policy. It's a great place to shoot some great art.Pros: FREE admission, beautiful architecture by Frank Gehry, nice collection, lenient photography policy, parking is easy, location overlooking the riverCons: Dont expect a collection like the MIA or Walker, the surrounding area can be busy--it's on a college campus
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,8/27/2012,223,363,2,7,5>Why walk when you can Nice Ride? It's a great municipal service that's useful to both locals and tourists. After the first summer, they've worked out a few logistical kinks so it's even more user-friendly. They've also expanded to St Paul so you guys don't have to feel left out!Five dollars nets you a twenty-four hour membership and as many half-hour rides as you can squeeze into it. You pay additional fees for rides longer than a half-hour since Nice Rides are more for commuting than for 20 mile rides. That seems restrictive but it's not!What can you do in a half hour ride?1. You can bike from one part of downtown to another to meet up for lunch with your downtown friends. 2. You can bike and park over again as a kind of Tour to Minneapolis since most of the stations are near some point of interest (Walker museum, Target Field, Lake Calhoun, etc)3. You can bike in a dress or skirt since there's no obstructive top tube. 4. You can bike with your family since they're adjustable for most heights.5. You can park for free somewhere in NE and bike down to Target Field for a baseball game; you get a workout and instead of paying $20 for parking you can buy, like, three hot dogs!The bikes are certainly overbuilt; they're like the minivans of bikes. So take time and smell the roses, enjoy that Minnesotan summer! The maintenance is also very consistent; I always see Nice Ride folks around the city and checking up on the stations.Even though I own a bike, I've found myself using Nice Ride when the old Bianchi's not around. They fill that niche where "It's too far to walk, but not far enough to drive." I feel proud of Minneapolis for encouraging cycling through services like this.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,8/26/2012,34,89,,6,5>I'll admit it. I'm a recovering art snob- with an Art History degree to go with it. When I heard there was a "free" museum- I didn't give it a a second thought. Free museums are often meh. I finally made my way over to the MIA this past weekend for Art in Bloom and was blown away! I thought 2 hours would be enough, but me and my art hating boyfriend didn't even make it through 1 floor. The permanent collection includes a great variety of pieces-- from local artists to Chagall and Picasso to reconstructed rooms. The museum would definitely be worth a typical admission fee--- the fact that its free is amazing!I highly recommend checking out  Art in Bloom next year and visiting any time for the permanent collection.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/25/2012,93,230,3,6,4>Sonora Grill is the only food I ever want to eat now at Midtown Global Market!I love their elote - grilled corn covered in cilantro aioli - and even though I'm not a fan of cilantro, this sauce is amazing.  (Actually, all of their sauces are amazing...)  It's served with coconut rice, which I could eat every single day of my life and be happy.Their tacos (caramelos) are always a tasty bite.  My favorite is the carnitas since it's always so tender.But - word of wisdom - try their specials if they are at all appealing.  They have always been really satisfying and tasty.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/24/2012,20,170,3,7,4>The first thing you will notice, is the line. You would think that you have stumbled upon some middle school girls who have spotted the Biebs. Once the crowd parts, you will see... the Smack Shack. I was fortunate enough to find my way to the ordering window and got myself a lobster roll. The price shocked me a bit, $14! And again, I was in the mind of - this better be worth it. When he called my name and gave me my blessed lobster roll, it was absolutely worth the price. The amount of lobster they cram into that roll is astounding. It's not some measly sprinkling of lobster meat. It is jam packed between two slices of thick, buttery and toasty bread. The meal also comes with chips and a pickle, which really seem like an afterthought. The lobster is fresh, tasty and it's not super mayonnaisey - which I really like. The dressing is light and has a lot of herbs, making it super delish. The overall experience was phenomenal and I would gladly (GLADLY) pay $20 to eat it again. I do have a complaint about the Smack Shack though... there is only one truck!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/23/2012,16,110,5,10,7>If you're like me you may be skeptical as to how one could be in love with a hot dog food cart. Let me try to explain.First, let's start with the hot dogs themselves. They are from pasture raised pigs without all the nasty antibiotics pumped into them. They have natural casing as someone mentioned below which induces that "snap" where juices go squirting into someones eye standing next to you; just great. They're spiced just right for that great old fashioned sweet and slightly smoky taste. It's difficult to describe hot dog flavor, I really don't know what else to say other than they're stellar. Second. The hot dogs are great, just covered that, but what really makes Natedogs are the homemade condiments Nate himself keeps on the ready in his holster. If you like Heinz ketchup, especially the HFCS kind, why don't you just stick to the gas station roller dogs of death. But, if you appreciate finely concocted mustard, sweet or spicy or smoky or maybe you like the idea of beer mustard? Then this food cart is for you.Lastly, what could not be left off is the fact that you'll have one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet serving up one of these fantastic wieners. Nate exudes calmness and patience and even though he'll thank you for your patronage he doesn't really need to because he gives off these vibes of gratitude and just by standing within 10 ft of him you'll feel them. You may even spot him donating his dogs to try and raise money for a charity or to help a community that was devastated by a tornado. Wherever you see that bright orange cart make sure and stop by, it'll make your day.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/22/2012,10,33,10,9,6>This is without a doubt, the best "jucy lucy" burger joint in the Twin Cities. How do I know this? Because I went to Matt's, 5-8, Blue Door and the Nook all in one night to settle this brawl once and for all!I think some people forget about the two major St. Paul joints, because Matt's and 5-8 get all the publicity. But while they're busy cockfighting about who invented the Cheesy Ooze-Burger of the Gods, St. Paul bitch-slapped them both with better ingredients, better taste and better third-degree cheese burns. My buddy, who was an ardent Matt's supporter, laughed at me when I told him he'd like the Nook the best. And then he tried both, cried a little (tears of happiness, of course) and pledged the sacred oath to the Paul Molitor. Our final rankings ... The Nook, Blue Door Pub, 5-8 and then Matt's.And while you're at the Nook, don't miss the chance to have a malt to wash down your belly-full of glory. They're pretty bad-ass, too.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,8/21/2012,16,77,,3,5>Hesitant to post a review here, because I want to keep this gem all to myself.Smaller coffee shop with what always feels like plenty of room.  Prices are reasonable.  The best part, in my opinion, is the staff.  They're always laid back and super friendly.   Did I mention they have bread pudding on the menu?  And the clientele is varied and feels neighborhood-y, which I love.  Families are just as welcome and appropriate as hipsters.  Overall, something about this place feels consistently calm and positive for me.  Like, if Sesame Street had a coffeshop, this would be it.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,7/30/2012,64,11,8,5,4>I'm ASSUMING you enjoy a place if you go two nights in a row? Seems logical. My first visit was with Annie D. on a Thursday evening, so I have no reason to be disgruntled over a twenty minute wait. The place is quite small so I'm guessing a short wait will be common upon most visits. My orders: Margarita--it wasn't THEEE best margarita I've ever had, but in their defense I told them to use the cheapest Tequila. Still a great pre-meal cocktail though. Baked macaroni & cheese -- You know how sometimes baked macaroni and cheese at a semi-fancy restaurant comes with cheeses you can't even pronounce? This, in all its rich goodness, was not. It was homemade, stirred with cheddar and love, Mac&Cheese like mommy made back in the day. And I had not one noodle left. And NOTE: it's very filling. Get the half portion unless you haven't eaten in three days and are lookin to go all hog wild. Second visit:Glass of wine--it was the cheapest pinot noir they had (STOP JUDGING ME I'M IN COLLEGE.) but it was fantastic. Chicken Tortilla soup -- incredibly homemade tasting. The (parmesan-and-something I think they were?) wings -- super tasty but HOLYYYY spicy. This is comin from a girl who can handle her hotness. If you're at all whimpy in the spice department, steer clear. We took the banana cream pie to go, 'cuz we roll like that. So custardy and creamy, I'd go back just for that.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,7/29/2012,72,159,,4,1>I had a date night here, and it was amazing!  The service was AMAZING and our waiter was awesome.  He had a personality that made us feel so welcome but not overly trying to grab the night.  We started with the app of Grilled Beef Tenderloin Crostini (SO AMAZINGLY GOOD) and I think I was obsessed when they brought out the Truffle dip :)I had the Mushroom and Spinach Lasagna (that was with a truffle oil - yes obsessed) and this was delicious but very rich.  My boyfriend had the Meatball Spaghetti which was so delicious.  They were made with veal and were stuffed... delicious!We each had a glass of wine (yum) and they had a good selection of by the glass, but they also had a lot of bottles. I will be returning!  We did make reservations for a Saturday night - and it was a great call since we probably would have been waiting for a while.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/28/2012,13,46,,3,3>So, here's the thing about Uptown Cafeteria and Support Group: I love it. Does that make me biased? Yep, but I'm going to try to refrain for 5 minutes here and be objective (despite my deep desire to give this 5 stars, I will go with the appropriate 4). First off, the Bloody Mary Bar on weekends is heaven sent for hangovers. The music played is the best music I've heard in a legitimate restaurant in... well, I have a 5 minute objective window to work with here so let's just say ever. The rooftop seating (when you can get it) is fantastic. Drinks are reasonable for an Uptown place ($3 wells/$5 martinis from 3-7 pm). The food is 3-4 stars.. a lot of it could be improved, but it's doubtful you'll ever leave upset about it. For instance, the grilled cheese is a double decker grilled cheese(bread, cheese, bread, cheese, bread) which is kind of exciting. Other than that, there isn't anything that makes you remember it though. That's always been okay for me though: Uptown Cafeteria supplies my kind of atmosphere and makes drinks/food good enough to keep me happy while I enjoy it.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/27/2012,56,447,,6,3>I love to see the neighborhood continue to grow & it seems like every new development is cooler than the last. Arrow is another great addition to the neighborhood! It's located in the old Martin Patrick 3 space with lots of street parking available nearby. The prices range from $100-600 & they have a great selection for both men and women. I hadn't heard of many of the labels they carry as you aren't going to see these pieces at your average mall. It's a beautiful space & the clothes are gorgeous. Save your pennies and stop in! If you want a peek at what they have, 'like' them on Facebook. They've been posting a couple of pictures a week of what's in stock.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,7/26/2012,15,125,2,3,2>The cafe tucked away in the back of the Korean grocery store. Beware though the place is utter chaos! My favorite Korean dish is always galbi (grilled marinated spare ribs), but the seafood pancake here ranks pretty high.The galbi here is the best I have tasted here in the cities. The cut is thicker and the meat is not overcooked. Other Korean BBQ places around the cities tenderize the galbi a little too much (sign of trying to make a small cut look bigger than it actually is) and as a result the texture becomes a little mushy. At Dong Yang it appears that they do not tenderize the meat at all, however, they cook it on a hot enough fire that keeps the center rare and juicy while still char crusting stripes across the meat to give that oh so delightful browned sugar and garlic flavor.This is the first time I have tried the seafood pancake dish and I love it! The medley of seafood that is incorporated into this dish is so numerous I can only say that I think I saw some squid, not sure what the rest was, but it tasted amazing!The mandu (Korean fried dumplings) left more to be desired. This dish is better at other Korean restaurants around the city. The dumplings were a little undercooked leaving the middle of the wrappers a little more doughy that I normally prefer. It is possible if ordered specifically more crisp that this problem may be alleviated, however, this is what I got when I ordered it.Finally, why was one star deducted? As forementioned, Dong Yang is the definition of complete chaos! Food being laid out (short order cook style) with customers grabbing at them in no particular order, everything yelled out in Korean, more than once this last meal ordered items were missed and I had to remind the staff, the dining room is small and unaccommodating for families, the prices are not cheap, and they require patrons to wait themselves and bus their own tables.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,7/25/2012,7,40,2,5,2>Alright, so I'm rating this place pretty high because of the amazing finds here.  Like any thrift store it's hit or miss, but I've been able to get some amazing finds so I think it's great.  If you are looking for clothes, skip it.  The selection isn't great.  Anything else under the sun you will find here.  I love how organized everything is and the friendly service.  The best kept secret of this store is the weekly silent auction.  I'm almost afraid to write about it, lest I have to compete with more people for some of the gems that are up for sale each week.  Every Monday more of the high-end items or antiques are put in a display case and can be bid on until 4pm Saturday.  You don't even have to be present to win.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,7/24/2012,16,83,,4,3>I have to agree with Michael C that I don't get to Alma enough.  Alma never disappoints!  It is a small bright space with an open kitchen and friendly service.  We were there last night sitting at the bar which always makes for a fun and casual experience.  R ordered the tasting with lamb tartar, masa cake with crab, and pork two ways.  I had the curried lentils to start  then the taglialini with prawns. The food just kept getting better with each bite, the balance of flavors that build on one another are signature here.  Over the years I have never had a bad meal only memorable ones.  I still remember one of the best dishes I've had in the TC the first time I went to Alma -pork sugo over polenta...to die for.  Our bartender was great, we ordered the wine flight which he paired based on our dishes. I appreciate that kind of service as I am terrible at pairing. I recommend Alma to anyone looking to impress, celebrate or just looking for a delicious meal.  It can be pricey but you can also share a couple plates and enjoy a glass of wine. Everyone should check it out at least once, your taste buds will thank you.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,7/23/2012,50,97,,4,2>Went and checked these guys out today as they are near my home and the vet that I take my dog to. Amazingly friendly. I could happily give them five stars on the service alone! When I asked about the nearby dog park mentioned in another review, I was not only given directions to that dog park but a map of all the surrounding dog parks as well. They have a lot of perks to offer, besides the check-in one, including a free bag of treats if you write a review (ahem), plus a decent loyalty reward program and said they would match prices of other stores. Although the dog food I get was already the same price as elsewhere. The quantity of supplies is low but the quality is high. I'm hoping they'll expand into supplying more types of canned food and larger rawhide bones. Overall though I left the store with more than I came in for and a big smile on my face after having talked with the owner for 20-30 minutes. That rates five stars in my book.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,7/22/2012,19,76,3,2,3>Fun little gem.  Have driven by it countless times and never knew it existed.  The place was HOPPIN'!  The ambiance and service are fantastic, the caramel rolls were soft and gooey as promised, but my veggie omelette left a bit to be desired.  I've never experienced cheese that sticks to my teeth.  It was SO odd.  I don't know if it's velveeta or what, but I couldn't finish my omelette because: a) I was self-conscious about smiling to my lunch partner for fear I'd have a big goober of orange cheese across my smile b) Cheese shouldn't stick to your teeth.  That concerns me.  The prices are awesome and it's this great diner without pretentiousness.  Feels like a small town diner but here it is, right off Glenwood in Minneapolis!  Another warning, we spent about an hour in there for lunch and I carried the smell of a restaurant with me the rest of the day.  I had to shower after because I couldn't take it.  Yup, still gave it 4 stars even with the cheese and smell.  It's just a neat place with no chip on it's shoulder and I like that!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,7/21/2012,53,311,3,3,4>hmmm...it's bizarre that I've never written a review for this place after living here for almost 5 years.  I guess that's because it is such a standard for those who work and live Downtown.  Anyways, here are some highlights:1) The lawn in the Summer is awesome.2) The bar upstairs is pretty cool.3) The burgers are decent.  As are the scotch eggs and newly added mini chicken sandwiches (could be defined as sliders I think).4) Saturday and Sunday morning soccer.Lowlights:1) Service is sometimes slow when the place is really busy.  2) I see too many people from work here.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,11/9/2013,186,89,2,3,2>I am happy that this place is within walking distance from my work.  Having a few options around here is useful.  I like the interior, it's dark, but with windows if you want to look outside.  I happen to like my bars on the dark side, not to be confused with the dark side of the force.  This place is not evil.  I had a special where if you bought a hot dog lunch, you had a free beer.  In my case, I had a Chicago Style hot dog with an Amstel Light.  Food was portioned pretty well.  I did not feel like a blimp when I left, yet I did not feel cheated out of food.  I thought it was reasonably priced and had a good lunch. I have heard good things about the night scene and will try that out at some point.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,11/8/2013,16,65,2,4,5>This is the best veggie burger in town, and it is not even close. I really dislike beets, and this burger has a lot of beets, and I LOVE it. I love it with the lil green salad. I really love it with the housemade chips. I love it however they want to bring it to me. I will say, I think part of the great flavor is the gooey melted cheese, so vegans may not get the full experience, but that is on them. Also really good are the vegetable curry, the simple green salad, and the people I have been with have said nice things about the burger. The grilled cheese looks good too, but honestly I never get anything but the veggie burger for my entree. Now appetizers! Those I like to mix it up with. I love the fried pickles, which is hard, because I much prefer fried pickle chips to spears and Pat's Tap brings you fried pickle spears. They are great though. Really great. Also the Goat cheese fritters are incredible, and the serving is small, so you can sort of feel like you are exercising your will power to eat less? The french fries are also good, though not stand-out. The curds are really good, and the spiced ketchup is tasty. Finally the gougeres. I mean bread with cheese inside: sign me up. The beer and wine list is also really good, and has your expected assortment of craft local beers. Finally when you sit down they bring you housemade cheeze-its (the flavor of them is similar to the recipe found on smitten kitchen, FYI). I will say that this place is LOUD. And it is hard to get a table for more than four people.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,11/7/2013,83,85,1,5,1>So glad I got a chance to check this place out. The food was really good. I'm already planning my next visit, but this time I will go when the weather is much more walking friendly. As it would be cool to just wander aimlessly around the surrounding St.Anthony Park area. If you can't find street parking, there is a lot located directly behind the building. I'm assuming it's open for all the businesses within that block/area.The restaurant shares its space with a coffee shop but it is still very spacious, as both places have their own respective seating. You need to order your food up at the register and then grab a number and a seat. The only issue is that you are face to face with the desserts at the front of the place and it will require much will power to say no to getting just a tiny piece of something. From the looks of it all, there really isn't anything that looks bad at all.The place is really clean and well kept. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful in case you can't make up your mind on what to get (it's a one page menu but double sided). The food was fresh and tasty. I will have to venture off back to this area once again to try out some of their other menu items.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,11/6/2013,92,53,2,4,4>Went for the first time yesterday and was mad at myself for not going sooner! I finally decided to get my lazy self and walk the extra block or two from the West Bank campus and try the place. The fact that I found out this place was on the Food Network motivated me a little more. Definitely a dive with a 1950s theme. The furniture and set up of the place literally seems to be from the 50s but with some dinginess. Couldn't make up my mind on which dog to order, so I had the cook recommend one. I got the Italian vegetarian dog Picnic style (baked beans, coleslaw, and cheese) with a side of fresh handcut potatoes. Food came out not too long after I placed my order.Great looking presentation and awesome taste. It was a party in my mouth! I could have easily eaten a bowl of the slaw itself. The poppy seed bun was steamed to perfection. My total came to $6.50: dog, fries, and a soft drink. Not bad at all. Right after I left, I was already planning my next visit. As I write this very review, my mouth is watering, and I am craving a bowl of slawCan't wait to try their other dog styles and other dishes.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,11/5/2013,24,156,2,6,4>As I was walking down the produce aisle, I overheard the sweetest conversation that now has me hooked to Kortes. As one of the young men working there was putting away vegetables he looked up and his face lit up as he saw his grandpa stopping by to visit. The details of the conversation weren't important, but there was something about the interaction that was so sweet. I love that Kortes is a place where neighborhood kids can work and neighborhood grandparents can just swing by to say hi. Kortes is a thriving local business nestled in the MacGroveland neighborhood. There's a deli with meat and cheeses that are sliced to order as well as various pasta/potato/fruit salads. The butcher section boasts great looking meats. I just bought homemade cheddar brats that I'm excited to try. The produce section is small in selection but big in quality, nothing looked off or too out of season. Kortes has everything I would typically buy at a chain grocery store and the prices seemed comparable. I know I'll be yet another neighbor that will support and shop at Kortes often.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,11/4/2013,16,77,2,3,4>This place nailed it. NAILED. IT.Two girlfriends and I ended up at this place last minute on a Friday night after we bumped into a guy at happy hour who insisted it was some of the best food in the city. Trusting a stranger has never worked out so well.We ordered a bottle of wine, four entrees and two desserts.  The total came to about $35 per person, without tip, which felt fair to me.  I was a little out of breath when the plates arrived and looked to hold no more than a few bites each, but was pleasantly surprised that there was always a little more food on the plate than I initially believed. That said, if you're looking to stuff your face, you should probably look elsewhere. The food was absolutely divine.  Honestly.  Like one of the better meals I've had in Minneapolis.  If you are a foodie, or just love food, you will feel right at home.I will say, our server wasnt the most friendly person on the planet.  We came late and were one of the last tables there, so I get it.  It was mostly that she talked so fast when she was giving the explanations of the food that bothered me. I got over it when the food hit my tongue and I almost died of immediate bliss.  Just giving you the whole truth.Anyway, I will definitely return to this gem.  Maybe for a special evening or to impress someone worth impressing?  You should check it out too.  Your taste buds will thank me,
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,11/3/2013,16,113,4,5,4>x have never been a pet owner. The only pet I ever had was a fat goldfish named Chubbs that lived all of 6 hours. That doesn't mean I don't enjoy pets, although I do hate cats, but allergies have prevented me from ever owning a rodent or dog. One day I hope to own a dog, I see myself siting on a rocking chair, smoking a cigar, with a lazy Bulldog by my side. However,  right now its not in the cards.Despite living downtown, there are a lot of pet owners around the neighborhood. Those folks were pleased last year when a pet shop opened up on the corner of 7th and Fort Road. Unfortunately, the store was mismanaged, and rumors abounded that the owner was a prick, so a few months later the store closed.Well, pet owners can be excited again, because Cocobear Boutique and Pet Care has opened in the same location. Cocobear started back in 2011, offering pet care options for Saint Paul pet owners, but this is the first time they have had a store front.Cocobear offers the great pet services they have since they opened. This includes professional grooming, dog walking, and pet sitting in your home.With the addition of the store front they were able to add to the inventory and offer a larger variety of products. This includes pet supplies like leashes, beds, and toys. As well as, food that focuses on natural an organic options you will feel good about feeding to your pet.They have some great jerky-looking dogs treats that I may have tried if I hadn't read the label! On top of all this, they had a nice selection of pet themed gifts for that special pet owner in your life. Couple weeks back,  I bought a doggy magnet for a friend that described her dog to a T!Since I'm not a pet owner, I probably won't be a regular at Cocobear Boutique and Pet Care. However, I do encourage pet owners to stop in and check it out. It's a fun space, and I can attest that the owner, Madeline, is much nicer than the last guy!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/2/2013,9,82,2,3,3>Obviously a dive bar, cheap drinks, a little stinky, like a wet basement, the booths lean uncomfortably. And I don't even know if they serve food.  Surprisingly nice patio which is unfortunately used mainly for smokers.BUT I've always had a fabulous time here.  The karaoke is why I come, yet it's not the highlight for everyone, which is what makes it extra great in my opinion.  It's a small bar and low pressure setting.  So unlike Vegas Lounge, you don't have to wait for an hour to perform, you can pick super ridiculous songs, and you don't have to sing well.  The last time I went to the palace, these were my selections:1. Crocodile Rock by Elton John2. Under the Sea (from the Little Mermaid, in Sebastian's voice)3. Put a Ring On It, with another random girl at the bar, taking over for my male friends who realized too late they didn't know any of the lyrics4. Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash (in the deepest drawl I could muster)Best place in NE to end the night!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/1/2013,30,108,3,14,4>I love this place. The service is friendly despite language barriers and the food is absolutely scrumptious. My friend and I came here and ordered a Vegetarian Sambusa appetizer and the veggie combination. The Sambusas took a while to come out, but it turns out it's because they are fried to order. They were hot, crispy and the filling on the inside was well-spiced. I am incapable of ever choosing just one entree at an Ethiopian restaurant, so I always opt for the "combination" deals. The menu listed the veggie combination as any combination of about 8 different entrees. I asked if we had to choose, but the waitress said that we do indeed get all 8 dishes. The combination plate came, large and looming with piles of curried legumes, chopped greens, dried vegetables and salad a top a large injera. We each received a basket with our own piece of injera for eating. We ate ourselves into a stupor in 15 minutes flat. Each bite was very flavorful and the variety of dishes on the plate meant our palates never dulled. The portions here are EXTREMELY generous. By the end, we still had a good half of our plate in front of us. We realized that next time, we would have to find a third person to share in our Ethiopian adventure. Perhaps next time, with a third person in tow, we will try to order the meat entree combination to share. Can't wait!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/31/2013,12,38,2,5,5>This is by far my favorite Thai place in the twin cities. I will admit that sometimes I even cross the river from Minneapolis to get it (What a sin, I know!). I have had a couple things from there and never been disappointed. I've eaten in and dined out. Portion size is large and you'll have leftovers - unless of course you're in it for the long haul then prepare to leave with a VERY full belly. Dishes I've had/tried:-Pineapple Red Curry with Seafood/Shrimp: I ordered the shrimp and tofu version for just myself the last time I was there. Large tail on shrimp and a decent amount of them. My one very small gripe would be that my tofu was a little overdone so it was tougher than usual and sometimes the curry can seem greasy but it's sooooo good you won't even notice once it hits the rice.The Seafood version includes more than just shrimp with calamari/octopus and other protein pieces that I wasn't sure of, but still very tasty nonetheless. Perhaps just a little more adventurous so keep that in mind.-Pineapple fried rice: also delicious and pretty self explanatory. Huge portion.-Spring rolls: Oh yummy. And the dipping sauce? Yes please. Give me extra. -Fried Tofu - simple and done well. - Pad thai with tofu and extra veggie: upcharge for the extra veggies but it was good pad thai and huge portion. Probably could've kicked it up a notch on the spice scale when I said "mild/medium". Next time I would go just medium or medium hot. But do so at your own risk. I like spice. Definitely leftovers here too. And the best part for me is it wasn't super greasy as can happen at other places. Overall, I can't wait to go back and try their Panang Curry or the Pad Kee Mao. It's just a small joint in an old Burger King on the LRT construction zone near the Capitol that could use your patronage. Eat up, friends. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,11/19/2013,7,99,8,4,4>The fiance mentioned this place  the other day when we were out and about.  We were going to be picking up a whole chicken for dinner and she mentioned that a coworker had told her this place had great Amish chickens.  I asked what an Amish chicken was, if it was a chicken that had a beard, a straw hat and didn't use electricity or other modern conveiences.  She didn't know for sure but was pretty sure that was not what made a chicken an Amish chicken.We drove over to Stasny's and were pretty impressed with what we saw.  They've got a small meat counter with all sorts of great meat options, including in house smoked bacon.  We got some of the bacon as well as our Amish chicken.  As it turns out, Amish chicken is just a brand name for chickens from some farm in OH, but it was still pretty good, even if it didn't have a beard and a straw hat.  They also carry rabbits here, though parents looking for a pet to bring home to their kids should take note, these are rabbits for cooking and eating, not fluffy little pets.  I'm looking forward to getting back over there to pick up a rabbit as I've been wanting to cook with rabbit for a while but haven't been able to find any.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/18/2013,38,76,3,7,4>Oh, how I love this place more each visit. The first visit was for its happy hour which was an incredible deal considering the quality of food. Fresh ingredients only here. I've been back for brunch and dinner. Each meal was delicious. Although some may not agree, I like knowing the nutrition info on the menu. You just feel better knowing what exatly you're eating. After a hearty kettlebell workout tonight, I met girlfriends for dinner here. I enjoyed a butter leaf salad and added some ahi tuna. The proportion was just right, not over the top huge. Just a drizzle of dressing which was a light cream based. The ahi tuna was done just right. It was perfect combo. Another friend had the seabass over a little couscous. Wish I had tried a bite as it also looked perfectly done and just the right amount of a side. The one thing we skipped on, dessert of chocolate chip cookies. I've had the cookies in the past and have loved their fresh hot out of the oven softness. The splurge was a fun refreshing cocktail of grapefruit juice, Kettle One and one other summer liquid I can't recall. The other times I've been here, I've tried the artichoke flatbread. They do it well and I won't pretend to tell you I know how. There's many a good flatbreads out there so I'll say it matches good ones I've eaten before. The brunch items I've tried is their omelette. Again, not overcooked eggs or stuffed beyond being an omlette. It's served with mixed greens. Space is well lit and still remains a cozy ambiance. Great service. Looks like there is a room that can be reserved for a private party.Small patio too.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,11/17/2013,87,226,3,4,5>I've been to Brasa quite a few times, but I'm finally writing a review!!!  When it comes to roasted meats in the Twin Cities, there is little to no competition when compared to Brasa.  It's located in a former automotive shop and the garage doors open during the summer months.  I made a recent (and random) stop, because I had a craving for rotisserie chicken.  The menu is quite simple.  Select your choice of meat(s), sides and NEVER forget the honey glazed corn bread, NEVER.We ordered half a chicken (4 pieces), cheesy grits, yellow rice with beans and corn bread.  As always the chicken was juicy, filled with flavor and AMAZING.  Amazing is the only word needed for their legendary rotisserie chicken.  The grits are creamy, cheesy, yet still has great texture.  Don't forget the corn bread!!!Great food, wonderful service and amazing staff.  *make a reservation, arrive early and prepare to parallel park on the street*
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,11/16/2013,4,27,4,1,2>One of my favorite spots! I've been here a couple of times for breakfast and once for lunch. I have to say breakfast is their forte. I have to applaud them on their creative take on pancakes (flappers). But you are missing out if you don't order something that involves their biscuits. The Biscuits and Gravy are out of this world. A light tasting gravy poured on top of their sweet, salty, crunchy, moist biscuits, so yelping good. The Egg, Ham, and Swiss sandwich on a biscuit is also near perfection. The ham is so tasty and salty -- it melt the Swiss cheese into the biscuit and love is created. My GF said "They know something we don't." when talking about their biscuits. I'm seriously surprised I didn't see someone in a wizards hat in the kitchen making them.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,11/15/2013,184,79,6,3,4>I'm sorry Marvel Bar that it took me so long to write. I came here the first week they opened. And have been back several times since. In love. Seriously. So good. Did somebody say metric system? Maybe I'm a snob because I work for a restaurant that has Johnny Michaels cocktails. And Pip Hanson. OMG. But seriously. They're the ish.Anywho, the Oliveto is like basically an orgasm in a glass. (Unfortunately, kind of looks like one too.) Haha, but don't let that fool you! It's darn delicious! :D :D :D The Double-Double is another fave of mine. Did someone say gin and Campari? Those go together like birds of a feather! :D friend had the Strongwater. He is not a big Whiskey drinker, but LOVEDDDD the drink. Said it's the best Whiskey drink he's ever had.Matthew was our Mixologist. Let. Me. Tell. You. *snaps fingers* He knows what he's doing. From the way he shakes his shaker to the precise measurements. Or the way he chips his ice. LOL. He even gave us some special treatment. Let us try the Oliveto and some Bookers. I'm going next Thursday with my gf. I seriously try to go here at least once a month. Umm, Cheetos for $1? LOL! Yes, please!Thank you, Marvel Bar for many happy visits :)
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,11/14/2013,56,128,4,2,5>If literature had a smell, it would smell like Magers & Quinn. When you walk in the door you can literally smell the crisp pages just begging to be leafed through. I don't typically buy books (I rock it old school, hitting up my neighborhood library), but every once in a while I get a hankering to own my own copy of a new (or old) favorite. I love that M&A carries new and used selections, and from a good selection of genres; a great place to pick up used classics for pretty cheap. This place is well organized and the staff is helpful and friendly.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,11/13/2013,22,76,2,2,3>I am not a frequent visitor to the Linden Hills area, so I had no idea about this store. But now every time I do find myself in that area, I am sure to stop in. I'm surprised not to see more reviews or to have heard about it before now, because I think it is among, if not THE best vintage store in the Twin Cities. The first time I went in there I found a great 60's gold skirt set and some cool accessories. The second time I went there I found a super cute pin-up swimsuit. Will I always have such luck? Hard to say, but we're off to a good start. I found her inventory to be higher quality and perhaps more discerning than some of the other shops.  Everything I've seen has been in really good to mint condition and is clean. She also has some designer label stuff in there, like that beautiful Pauline Trigere dress hanging on the wall, which is cool and sets it apart from some of the other stores. Prices were reasonable as well. I only wish it was closer to my house!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,11/12/2013,91,306,2,10,6>Cute little shop that boasts a wide variety of beautiful cupcakes whose flavors change on a daily basis. My office is right around the corner from Gigi's and so it serves as the new pick-me-up spot when 2pm nap time rolls around.I have heard very few complaints about the cupcakes other than about the excessive frosting, which all you gotta do is wipe it off and trash it if you don't want it. I agree there is also a ton of frosting but I lapped up every last bit of it. The cupcakes are moist and taste great. Aside from cupcakes, they sell cheesecakes in cupcake form and mini cupcakes. Normal-sized cupcakes are $3.25 a pop. Not only are the cupcakes great, but the owner seems like a truly nice man who is putting in hard work to turn out a successful business. Gigi's is a wonderful addition to Golden Valley.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,11/11/2013,20,51,,4,3>There's a fine balance to be struck between wishing you'd been served more food AND being served so much food that your takeout box runneth over. India Express misses that balance but errs on the side of giving you more than your to-go container can handle. My sweater paid the price for this, but my stomach appreciated my sweater's sacrifice. I can't blame India Express for my choice to wear a white sweater on a Monday; I can caution you to get a bag when you get takeout, because these portions are generous.Although India Express is further from my office, it's less expensive than neighboring Indian choices and the hot line offers a surprising amount of options, both vegetarian and meat-based. I gave the Vegetable Curry and the Chicken Tikka Masala a shot, both of which were filling and tasty. I appreciate that India Express didn't charge me extra for Biryani, and the Tikka Masala really brought out the flavors of the peppers in the recipe - rather than focusing on hiding veggies in the cream sauce, each bite was full of veggie goodness and nicely-cooked chicken.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,11/10/2013,108,40,,4,2>I was addicted to the cupcake shop in AZ called Sprinkles...and their cupcakes are addictive. Nadia's are just as addictive, but luckily isn't in walking distance from where I work. I spent a good majority of my lunch breaks walking to Sprinkles. Secret word anyone? The nice thing about Nadia's is that they are light, fresh, and delicious. They have multiple types of frosting on different flavored cupcakes which give people a choice vs. them only getting cream cheese frosting. Surprisingly, I've heard some people don't like cream cheese frosting, it's a shame. You'll find multiple flavors available and the current offerings change daily. Check their website to find out what flavors will be available. My favorite cupcake to get when we stop in is the cheesecake cupcake. It's delicious, has fruit and gram cracker in it, and is delicious. Unbelievable. Check them out when you're shopping at Arbor Lakes.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/20/2014,63,138,7,6,4>This is my favorite non-Super Target we have. I'm not a suburbanite but I love the cart escalator. *shrug* It's cool. I like the novelty of a 2 story Target store too. I guess I'm easily amused even after growing up in the big city. The store has everything you need, not a full supermarket selection but more than basics for food, and  housewares, cleaning supplies, lingerie, toys, clothes, optical, Starbucks, pharmacy, etc... It's nice to have a store like this downtown, it's very convenient.They have cashiers on both levels and they have always had more than enough cashiers when I've been there. I've never had to wait behind more than one person for a cashier. That's a much different story than the Lake St. and Richfield locations. In addition, the employees here are (almost) all very friendly. I usually have no less than 4 people ask me either how I am doing or if I'm finding everything OK. The workers in the pharmacy were superb. And unlike other Targets they had enough people working in the pharmacy to deal with the amount of customers. The bathroom is small (at least on the main level, I don't know if they have another one) only 3 stalls but it was clean when I was there. Cleaner than any other Target I've seen, in fact. And it didn't completely reek like some others (looking at you, Lake St.). I've seen some complaints about the layout but what are they supposed to do? It's downtown, they have to go up instead of out. Yeah, you have to go upstairs for some items but at SuperTarget you have to walk the distance of 2 football fields to find some things. It all works out about the same.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,6/19/2014,16,14,30,25,17>As a Korean kid whose parents scoffed at the very idea of paying money for anything that could be made at home, I generally avoid reviewing Korean and Korean-esque restaurants. Reviews generally fall into two camps: first, restaurants whose "authenticity" can only be gauged by how close their recipes are to someone's mom's, and then the hip, fusion-y restaurants who throw some sour vegetables into a vaguely red sauce and call it ARTISANAL KIMCHI (MADE IN-HOUSE). But the Rabbit Hole straddles the fence somewhere in between, with mostly successful results.I went with a group during happy hour and switched to the dinner area once 5 p.m. hit, at which point we all decided to stay and try, as one of my friends put it, "some of that REAL shit."Service was solid. Both our servers in the dinner and happy hour areas were friendly and prompt, and Sarah gave great recommendations. The hostess was less helpful. When asked where the bathrooms were, she said something along the lines of "There's not one in here. I think you're supposed to be sitting over there," and walked away. Verdict's still out on whether she was having a bad day or if she was doing her best to channel a lil gangsta Korean ahjuma for that authentic Korean experience, but c'mon, at least tell us where we can pee.Decor is on that dimly lit fantasy tip. Dark wood, gold barley tea kettles, arches made of books, lights made of feathers. Pretty sure sure we were treated someone's burned "InDiE rOcK 2003 MiX!!!" CD. Death Cab, Stars, Sufjan, and Arcade Fire? Okay. Only really misfires were the chairs and stools. Props on finding the coldest, hardest metal in the universe. I would try to describe it, but there's really nothing I can add to my friend's complaint that they made "our Asian butts even flatter."On to the REAL shit: Banchan: On the day we went, the banchan only consisted of three varieties of kimchi. Kkakdugi got that legit KrN BoY*~ stamp of approval. Of the other two, one was that rare perfectly executed twist on kimchi that had us all clanging our metal chopsticks together fighting for the last pieces. The other was mehh and just sat there like a pile of sadness. Overall: fun to try, but may or not be worth the money depending on the selection that day.Fried chicken skin: Aight. The pieces were cold. Truffled parmesan fries: Crispy, hot, delicious, satisfying. No hint of kimchi in the kimchi aioli though.Bacon haemul pajeon: my group was split on this, but I was pretty pumped on how they flipped it. This is the traditional seafood pancake's burlier cousin: crunchier, heartier, and fried-ier. Soy dip was way too salty. Like, seeing your coworker take credit for your hard work salty.Chicken wings: Crispy and juicy in the right spots, and relatively large as well. Minimal Korean-ness.Lettuce wraps and tea eggs: Just okay.Duck... Duck... Dduk: I was naturally inclined to hate this one because 1) everyone on Yelp loves it and 2) my mom is the ddukbokki queen. But then I tried it. And then I found myself wishing that the beat for the Ying Yang Twins' "Badd" would come on so I could yell YA BOI KILLED IT ON THIS ONE. Perfect texture, with just enough resistance to the teeth, like biting into one of those rubber pencil grips in elementary school (that's a compliment). I may or may not have begun sputtering lines from Korean dramas in the scenes where moms work too hard and collapse. OMONI!Kimchi fried rice: "This is good. This is really good. Whoa, is that bacon?" Entire dish destroyed in chopstick frenzy.Mango pudding: Light and delicious. Nice texture from the burnt rice biscotti.Hotteok: Putting caramel on hotteok seems superfluous until you try this. Was tempted to distract everyone while jamming this into my pocket so I could eat it as breakfast.Grilled kalbi: The most polarizing dish on the menu. It is only "kalbi" in the most literal sense -- meat on a rib -- but reminded me more of a pot roast. Juicy and fell off the bone, yes, but we were unanimously underwhelmed, especially when it seemed like such a missed opportunity to flip one of the most recognizable Korean dishes. I can do a decent Bruce Lee impression, but I don't go around telling people it's taekwondo.  We drowned our sorrows in the kimchi hash, which was amazing and had us all arguing whether we could recreate it at our respective homes.Overall, it was far from a must-try, but it's worth swinging by if you're in the area and feeling adventurous. Factoring in the mediocrity of some of the dishes as well as the price point and portion sizes, my experience probably warrants something closer to three stars, but man, that dduk and fried rice...WHATEVER GUYS I'M GONNA GO CALL MY OMMA
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/18/2014,61,80,3,6,6>I dare you to find me a happy hour in the heart of Uptown that even competes with Republic. I DARE YOU. $2 off any and all of their dozens of taps, $3 for the most generous wine pour in this neighborhood, $3 rails, and some of the best bar food for the most reasonable prices you're going to find around the overpriced Calhoun Square area.Sure, it doesn't have the lived-in charm of the Seven Corners location and there's not an expansive patio to soak up those precious summer rays. But let's get real - it's the middle of winter and all any of us need right now is a few beers to get us to April. We might as well make them unique, local, and/or high-quality.Just to reiterate my point: it's one of Draft Magazine's Top 100 Beer Bars in the Country. Don't fight me on this one.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,6/17/2014,52,127,,4,4>I wish I could give Our Kitchen 4.5 stars...let me explain.The food is 5 stars. My god, the pancakes. Are. Heavenly. Just get one, trust me. Plus, the eggs actually taste like eggs, the haahbrowns are delicious and everything actually tastes homemade and fresh. I almost always have an omlette with hashbrowns...which happens to come with a pancake. (I eat a lot, don't judge me!) But the grits are also good as is their French toast. The service is good...very friendly. The food takes a little while, but as previously stated it is worth the wait.The one and only downside is the lack of seating. It is a tiny place and as much as I understand the draw of the cozy classic atmosphere....I prefer to eat my comfort food in comfort. There are no real tables...just high bar stools and low bar stools. Its hard to get a spot on the weekends and in the winter the icy blast from the door opening is a bit unpleasant. I love Our Kitchen and I'll obviously continue to go back...but If they decided to expand or open a larger location, hey, I would be happy about that too.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,6/16/2014,40,135,2,5,3>I've figured out the trick!  Go when the weather is really bad and you will get immediate seating and a whole table to yourself.  Waiting for a table would be 100% worth it as well as this food is amazing.  When I first heard the soup was carrot curry I was not sure what to expect but I think I could have taken down 2-3 bowls.  Great way to start a meal.  We followed that with the Cider Ham Rules Pizza on a gluten free crust.  I am actually not gluten free but my guest was so I thought I would give it a go. I really enjoyed it and my guest commented that the crust was one of the best gluten free crusts she had ever had!I love the style of service where your waiter might be the cook for a bit and then go back to bringing you your food or the bill.  Especially when you want to hear about the food, who better than those who actually make it.Although the snow is going to thaw soon I might use that one last Minneapolis snow storm to sneak in again without a wait!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,6/15/2014,264,422,2,5,3>The taco. So simple, yet so beautiful. I do take for granted how cheap it is, especially at a hole in the wall like Taqueria El Ranchito, because I know it takes hours and hours of slow-cooking to get some of these meats fork tender and fall-aparty. That's a lot of work man, all for my undeserving palate. Anyway, I've only gotten the tacos and the torta Milanesa. First of all, that sandwich is gigante, and still the pork cutlet manages to be wonderfully fried and juicy inside. The toppings -- queso fresco, avocado, lettuce, refried beans, and onions -- just round out this gut-busting and inexpensive sandwich. But, I started to wax poetic about the tacos so let me continue. The wonderful thing with tacos is you can eat multiple tacos and try different meats that way, without feeling the littlest bit guilty. If you do, then go away, and give me your tacos. I got the cabeza, chorizo, and carnitas. The cabeza was definitely my favorite, because it reminded me of the pares meat that I loved so much back in the PI. Top it with the usual taco adornments -- cilantro, fresh onions, and some salsa -- and I'm one contented mofo.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/14/2014,53,101,,5,2>I"m so glad I live down the block from this place. I absolutely love the mixed doner combo where I can try everything. It's affordable and the option of fries w/ their combos are bombdiggity. I love that their are thin-cut fries and are seasoned perfeclty.I usually hate lamb because it has a funny after-taste that I'm just not used to, but their lamb here is spot on and amazeballs. My favorite thing to get here is their doner combos because it comes with chicken, beef, and lamb for only $8. I also love the garlicky greek yogurt (?) sauce that comes with all the combos. It's a small little nook that gets pretty crowded, but the wait isn't usually to long. If you're looking for smaller portions, the sandwich is a good deal too =) This is my all-time favorite place for dinner when I want something filling and delicious for a decent price. Nomnomnom.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,6/13/2014,354,223,5,3,2>To pay homage to Otter Saloon's former name, U Otter Stop Inn, I will write my review like so:'U Otter' get to know Opal. My friends and I went in for an early happy hour once and she fed the jukebox 26 times for our quarter-less selves.'U Otter' chat with the regulars. They will resemble "Friends of Santa Claus." They will cheer you on while performing. They will never heckle and frown upon anyone who does.'U Otter' put the heels away. This is a down-home, we-don't-care-if-you-shower-daily kinda place and we need to keep it that way.Lastly,'U Otter' perform a karaoke song. Just see yourself out if you have no singing plans. This place ain't for you.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,6/12/2014,192,225,2,5,2>Came here for lunch and this place had some pricier options, but it was a great place for a business lunch. What I loved was that their menu online shows you pictures of everything and there was a nice variety of foods from sandwiches, to salads to lettuce wraps. I got the tuna burger which came with a side of seaweed salad, ginger and a great ahi tuna burger on a great flaky bun. I would come back just for this burger!The prices are keeping it from 5 stars ($17 for a burger!) but it is just so delicious, you want to come back!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,6/11/2014,92,102,2,6,5>A go-to pizza haven in uptown! Pizza by the slice? Yes! Unique pizza combos? Yes? Draft beers? Yes! If you're looking for distinct pizza offerings, friendly service and a chance to fill your stomach with pizza goodness, Pizza Luce is your spot. Their unique take on pizza is always a favorite with friends, family and alike. Many are also surprised to learn there salads are quite tasty and always a good choice as a appetizer before you dive into the pizza.What makes Pizza Luce so unique is their delicious dough - it's a perfect combo of tangy, salty, doughy goodness that makes you want to dive into the pizza crust-first. Their tasty pizzas like Baked Potato, Garlic Mashed Potato, Ruby Rae (sauce last pizza!), Luce and Athena are all go-tos when ordering in a group. 2-3 pizzas, some salads and draft beers ... and everyone is happy, full and content! Service is almost always attentive and helpful in picking out the best pizza options for your table. There is a newer patio out front for those who like to dine al fresco, pizza-by-the-slice is always an option for those on the go and they deliver almost 365 days a year!  And be sure to leave a bit of room after dinner for those tasty mints. Yum!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/19/2014,25,68,2,5,4>I went to the Northeast Social on Easter Sunday -- they were one of the only games in town with open reservations by the time I got around to making them. I had heard good things, but I'll be honest, when I saw they had so many openings, I was slightly nervous. That turned out to be all for naught though as we had a great experience. Northeast Social is located in a great little pocket of Northeast Minneapolis, right up the street from Dangerous Man. Street parking is ample and free. The building itself is classic Northeast, and the inside is really cool -- dark wood and tin ceilings with some kind of Gothic feeling art on the walls. I dig it. There were some tables occupied when we arrived, though almost everyone was dining outside, and we were one of only two occupied tables inside. I started with a Bloody Mary -- didn't realize it at first, but theirs are made with sake as they only have a beer and wine license. It wasn't the best Bloody I've ever had, but I attribute that more to the fact that I am not a huge sake person. Despite that though, it was a fine Bloody. I also had a mimosa, which was fantastic. Meal wise, I went with the taco omelet -- YUM. Who would have thought that putting some taco meat in an omelet and piling lettuce, tomato and sour cream on top would be good? Not me, but it really works. It came with a nice green salad on the side, which was a pleasant change from the usual heavy carb a lot of places would serve. Our server was great -- attentive, knowledgeable, and pleasant. I will definitely be back here -- can't wait to check them out for dinner!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,8/18/2014,22,131,3,3,2>I am on the board of a professional networking organization and have been coming to the Met Ballroom every month for the past few years. Parking is plentiful and free in their private lot. They are easy to access, right off 394 and near Hwy 100. The food is delicious (we have smoked salmon, bagels with cream cheese, cinnamon rolls, caramel rolls, fresh fruit, coffee, tea and soda). The service is prompt and friendly, but without getting in the way of our meeting.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,8/17/2014,17,47,4,11,5>Had a lovely brunch there! Free parking in the back, always a plus- enter from Irving. I saw others had complained about the lack of decor, but I enjoyed all of the windows and sunlight streaming inside. We sat in a booth, but I'd like to come back and sit at the bar.Food? So tasty. My chicken and waffles was really perfect-  crunchy and delicious. Not a huge portion, but I was full by the end. I got a very decent bloody mary for $5, although if you are a big fan of lots of cheese/meat/pickles/etc. with your bloody, you might want to go elsewhere. This only came with 2 olives and a lemon and lime wedge.Our server was super helpful and friendly. I noticed a few people come in and the host had vanished to the back of the restaurant, so there was some awkward peering around for them, but they were quickly directed to a table.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,8/16/2014,169,194,1,5,3>I had mixed feelings at first if I wanted to visit Pittsburgh Blue.  They are $$$$ in the expensive category and average yelp rating as of 2014 is only 3 1/2 stars.  On arrival of the food; I was made into a PB fan by all means.  First ordered the grilled cheese bites that comes with a tomato-cheese fondue that is incredible.  The buttery grilled cheese bites are just crispy enough that when you soak it in the fondue, it receives a perfect glaze around the outside of the grilled cheese bites.  Tastes as amazing as it looks and sounds, will certainly be craving that one in the near future.Ordered the filet mignon that comes bone-in and had it prepared Pittsburgh Blue style which is pretty much rare in the inside and burnt on the outside.  Didn't know if I would like it, but the steak melts in your mouth and the charred seasoning on the outside compliments texture for an outstanding flavor and texture combo.  I will be back to try the ribeye, prepared the same way.  Reminds of my Peter Luger's in NY which does a similar technique.  Server was ok, the table cleaners were top notch.  Highly recommend PB, but it will set you back at a minimum of $50 if you go by yourself and without drinks.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/15/2014,107,143,7,7,9>I have been a regular here just after a very short time. Most of the wait staff know me and start naming my order because I order the same thing for the most part. Once in awhile, I order something different and throw them for a loop. I lurvvvv their beef noodle soup but I order it like a starbuck coffee: beef noodle soup, with rice noodle, add wontons.It's my absolute favorite! It's very comforting in the cold Minnesota winter. If you add the hot chili sauce they give you..it becomes even more delicious! The beef slices are tender. The wontons are big and filled with a perfect melange of shrimps and pork. What's not to like?? I change the noodle from egg noodle to rice noodle because I was in a kick of not eating gluten for awhile. At that time, I also skinned the wontons due to the gluten. Taking off the skin of a dumpling would be considered a sacrilege for Asians.I do not skin the wontons anymore, but I keep ordering the rice noodle. I guess I like it better.I also love their tofu hotpot and simple dish of pea pod leaves with garlic. The bbq pork and duck are not bad either. Though, every time I see what the other tables are ordering, never fail I drool! It always look so good on the other table!!!Maybe someday I can try some of those fresh seafoods that are swimming in the tanks by the front door. I usually come here solo so it doesn't provide me with too much ordering opportunity.It is on the pricy side when it comes to ordering dishes. That's why I usually stick to my noodle soup that is delicious, satisfying, and cheap.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,8/14/2014,109,129,7,7,8>I really dislike the Mall of America. I get anxiety when I have to park and all of the wandering and slightly clueless people give me mall walking rage.Those bits aside - Tiger Sushi is a nice escape from the madness of the mall. Having been invited by a friend, I didn't know what to expect. Walking up to Tiger, I see A tiny circular room in the middle of the second floor of the mall with windows all around. Strange. Inside, I'm greeted by my husband and his friend. Edamame were hot and delicious. Soy sauce and tiger sauce (wasabi, mustard, spicy, yummy sauce) on the table. Cheater clips for your chopsticks available if you complain that sometimes you have an off day with chopsticks. They brought the cheater clip -- BUT I SWEAR I DIDN'T USE IT (the shame, oh the shame).Our friend swears by the shrimp tempura -- we wanted to save room for plenty of rolls, so we passed while he ate those. A winter roll, spicy tuna roll, and a number 10 roll. YUM YAY HOORAY - we are fans. My favorite was the winter roll, husband's was the number 10. Both were large (10 pieces) with big pieces of fish and lots of sauce. The sauces were what sold me - so flavorful and they weren't skimpy with the amount on the plate. The spicy tuna was good, but a bit lackluster compared the specialty rolls. By April the tiny windowed circle restaurant is moving to a new location next to Nordstrom.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/13/2014,113,176,7,6,5>Damn right I'm a regular at Isles.  All of my kids were regulars before they were born bc frosting overload in utero makes genius babies*.  Cinnamon is really good for you! And then I give birth and after a while I have to give up on the extra globs of frosting for a few months.  Is there anything better that going back to maintenance calories?  I mean, I love my kids, but I might love Isles more.  No of course not.  A tie maybe.*My kids are not actual geniuses, but perfectly average academically.  They do seem to be happier and kinder than the average kid around town and for that I give full credit to consistent massive ingestions of cinnamon and frosting.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,8/12/2014,52,166,2,7,5>Arguably the best to-go place in MPLS!  When you are in the mood for take out but can't decide on what, go to Broders Cucina Italiana.  You order deli-style either off the menu or out of the displayed cooler in front of you, while tasting whatever delicious samples they have set out for your enjoyment.  I always leave with a slice of freshly made pizza and a side salad or pasta as well as an extra, to-go, for lunch the following day.  The prosciutto and arugula pizza is a fave along with the caprese salad.  If you really can't wait to eat it, there is a small dining area overlooking 50th St. (NBD).  Also, get a mini beer while you wait - genius!The flip side within the Cucina Italiana is the store.  Raw, home made pasta, bread and candy line the shelves and coolers along with imported counterparts including balsamic vinegar bottles in any shape and size.  They also have a good selection of trinkets and kitchen tools.  If I were a rich man, I would shop here often (it is not overly pricey, I would just spend a lot)!Service is always great and employees are very knowledgable!   Looking forward to the next time I get back for a tasty treat!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,8/11/2014,151,107,13,16,13>From the outside, this place is nothing special. (Bear with me, as you can see, I gave it five stars.)Timidly, yes, timidly, I walked in, not knowing what to expect. Would there be a snotty barista behind the counter? Would I have to wait in a long line, looking over a cutesy but too-long menu, biting my nails, hoping not to get snapped at when I got to the counter, still undecided? Would a handful of 20somethings armed with expensive Apple computers but trying to dress down to buck the establishment see my awesome Jack Spade bag and fashionable accessories and scowl at me, thinking I was "the Man?"None of those things happened. The interior of Cafe Southside is warm and inviting. Currently, there are lovely photos on the south wall of local birds taken by local photographers. When I got to the counter, the lovely human greeted me with a kind smile, and simply said, "Hey! How are you?" Relieved, I smiled back and said, "I'm great, thank you. First time here." A quick reply, "We are so glad to have you. Take your time, and just get my attention when you're ready."What? A barista that told me to take my time? What...the what just happened here?I ordered a chai. A large one. And it came out in a bowl with a handle on it. This cup was SUBSTANTIAL. And cheap. GREAT quality, HUGE quantity, and service with a smile? What more could one ask for, you say?Lemme tell you.First, a ham and cheese sandwich on a croissant. I'm not sure what it was. Maybe, just maybe, it was made with love. That's what I'm sticking with. But it was one of the best ham sandwiches I've ever had.And because I hate being that person in the coffee shop that parks at a table with my laptop and sits there for two hours nursing one cup of coffee, after I finished my sandwich, I had to indulge in a hot chocolate (also huge!) and a piece of creme brulee pound cake. I could have eaten my weight in poundcake.Something unique here was an immediate sense of community. People kept coming in that knew the baristas, and the baristas knew them all by name. I didn't feel like an outsider here - I felt like I belonged, and was part of the Cafe Southside family. Anyone who visits will surely also have a similar feeling.Did I mention that the music selection here rocks? And that they're probably the most GLBTQA-community focused coffee shop that I've ever visited in my life? I particularly loved the "Transphobia ends here" sticker at the counter. Indeed it does, and indeed, it should.If you're reading this, and you ever want to check this place out, message me. For real. I plan to start visiting this place every Friday, if not more frequently. I would NEVER need an excuse to come back - trust me, you WILL love this place.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,8/10/2014,82,441,5,1,2>Our food arrived quickly, a generous serving of jalapeno poppers and a tasty pizza cooked properly and with nice toppings.  As long as you don't expect fine dining you should be OK.  I'm extremely happy there's a new late-night delivery option in the area that features quality food. Other than Pizza Luce, the options had been terribly limited. It looks like Boss has filled the void -- a big menu of solid offerings at good prices.  Decent-to-good food late?  We must be a big city now.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/11/2013,38,64,2,5,4>I've always felt pretty lucky to live in southwest minne - with the ample selection of awesome, independent restaurants.  However, I think I feel a little bit luckier now that The Lynn on Bryant is open.  What a fantastic neighborhood gem! We've been for both breakfast and dinner - and yes, they serve lunch as well.  The restaurant is split into two different sections, the front is more casual and hosts breakfast, brunch on weekends, lunch, and a more low-key dinner.  The back half of the restaurant is a bit more formal, if only from a food perspective.  The back half only serves dinner and they do take reservations.  A huge plus when many restaurants around the 'hood do not.Our dinners were both good, although there were a few standouts.  I had a goat cheese souffle which was outstanding.  It was served with a light salad and came out warm and fluffy with a nice tang of that goat cheese flavor. The entrees were both great as well - a pork tenderloin for me and a beef special for the man.  But, the main point of this portion of the review is to tell you not to miss dessert back here.  I've had so many wonderful appetizers and entrees only to have them spoiled by a subpar dessert.  Not here though! From the sorbets to the tarts to the cookies, any option will leave you more than satisfied at the end of your meal! As good as dinner was however, I feel like The Lynn on Bryant really excels in a more casual environment and man, their brunch was seriously amazing.  We got there right before the rush on a Sunday morning and got seated right away! Kopplins coffee to start never hurts, and they had a whole extra menu of specials in addition to their regular menu.  The specials looked so delicious in fact, that both the man and I decided to go that route.  He opted for eggs benedict on house made english muffins with duck prosciutto and a potato cake.  I went for the baked pancake with fresh cranberries.  I was expecting more of a dutch baby style pancake but it wasn't as eggy or fluffy, although still delicious.  It was sweeter than expected, with the cranberries giving it a bright pop of tartness and flavor.  The eggs benedict were amazing - perfectly, and I mean perfectly, cooked eggs, along with some of the most beautiful hollandaise sauce I've ever seen! They also have a great selection of baked goods up by the door, including a gluten free and a dairy free option - how thoughtful of them! If only I had saved room for one of those apple cider donuts . . .
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,7/10/2013,86,304,4,7,7>When you happen to be leading a group of 10 people who all have different hungers, expectations, and price points, finding a place to eat can be a complete nightmare. This happens to the best of us, and being that I am usually the bossy one who makes a unilateral decision to avoid a 80 minute debate, this has become my favorite Silver Bullet.Kids in the party? NO PROBLEM. Lowbrow is full of kids, and they're typically the well-behaved kind, and they give Etch-A-Sketches to anyone under 5' tall the minute they walk in the door. Plus they have a tasty small-person menu.Complex bill-splitting issues? NO PROBLEM. They split out checks without complaint, and are willing to split bottles of wine three ways to make boozing easy for all. Their price point is totally accessible ($8 burgers, etc) for all widths of wallets.Vegetarians? NO PROBLEM. Great vegetarian options, including a dynamite jalapeno hash for breakfast and a fried tofu sandwich for lunch. Their veggie burger is totally solid, and their fries are delicious.Picky eaters? If you don't like grilled cheese, or burgers, or salads, you're screwed. Go home and cook instead. Otherwise, you're covered.PLUS, there's unobtrusive television for the football watchers, it's relatively easy to get a table even during the brunch rush (15 minute wait? Pssssssh!) and they have a few cute sidewalk tables so you can lounge in the sun. And if all of that wasn't enough.... it's a woman-owned local small business that uses locally-sourced ingredients. I REST MY CASE.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/9/2013,11,103,6,7,6>If you keep kosher this may not be the place for you. If you don't run to Robbinsdale and enjoy the best new restaurant in town. We started off with the pasta of day-it was awesome. I actually could have ordered another. I had the mussel and chorizo pizza which is not a combination I would ever put together but it was so tasty. I had a bite of the sour cream and onion and it was just as good. My kids had the margherita which they ate with no compaints. We skipped dessert but the banana split looks to be both an entertaining option as well as a delicious one. Besides the food what makes this place so outstanding is it is full of character. The staff is engaging, animated and full of life. I had the best birthday dinner I have had in a long time!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/8/2013,29,48,2,8,4>Gyros, gyros, gyros!  Finally there is a gyro joint in my new neighborhood.  We came here on the opening weekend and you can tell they are still working out some of their kinks, but their food is delicious.  I ordered the regular gyro and it was filled to the brim with very flavorful gyro meat and wrapped in a soft fresh pita. The taziki sauce was a nice balance of creamy cucumber deliciousness!  My dad ordered the chicken kabob and loved it, the Afghan rice that accompanied it was full of flavor too.I'm eager to get back and hopefully their pizzas will be ready to go!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/7/2013,19,66,9,6,5>Do you have a hipster foodie friend? Does he/she hate everything unless "presentation" is a "component" of the meal? If so, go here.They'll love the look, you'll love the taste-the best part, obviously.I wanted to take 10 hipster pictures upon just seeing my food. Remembering I gave that up for lent, I dove in like like the muppet chef cooked it himself.I had the braised beef. It was Incredibly tender and atop pieces of bread with escarole, saffron aioli and picked onions. The portions are smaller, but surprisingly filling. For nine American dollars, it's cuisine for cheap. If you want crazy cheap, get a McDouble.My colleague had a fresh cod special. He attacked it so fast, I could barely recall what it was. He said it was rather tasty.We also had the meatballs. They are juniper spiced with a potato purée, lingonberries and a mustard sauce. There was so much going on around the meatballs that I wish there were 8 meatballs. They make Ikea meatballs look like Walmart compared to Fika's Target. Was absurd.Coffee was an actual large that was refilled often. The cream was on a serving platter and the sugar was large chunks of cubes that instantly dissolved. It was like being in an Ikea commercial.I loved the natural light with lunch and true to Swedish design, everything I sat on or looked at just felt right. It was a great experience. I would skip a "creative" lunch on eat street to go here, absolutely.It has its own parking lot, which is not to be underestimated for good cuisine with an out-of-towner or to impress a client.The only real knock is that it's busy and you never hear about it. You need to fight elderly Swedes to get a table and they will only seat you when your entire party is there. The wait was around 10 minutes.This is a museum cafe done right. If I were the Walker, MIA or Science Museum, I'd take notes...preferably in Helvetica. It's not 112, but nothing else is. I'll go back and bring others.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,7/6/2013,114,242,2,5,5>I am a donut nut!  Growing up back East Dunkin Donuts is Mecca for many of us when we go home to visit.  Two things that make it successful a good donut and a damn good cup of coffee.Well all I can say it is a good thing I don't live in walking distance to this place cause my trainer would need to have stern words with me :-).First of all, the coffee is damn good.  I just had the drip with sugar and cream (told ya I am from out East :-) ).  I moved to the donuts.  At DD I have 3 types I really like, the Bavarian Cream, Glazed and the cruller.    First I tried the Dark Angel, similar to the Bavarian Cream.  The chocolate glaze was amazing but the vanilla cream had a slight heavy hand of corn starch but it was tasty.   Tasted a bite of P's traditional glazed.  May need to come back and test again.  I didn't get a good sense in one bit.Now you may be wondering reading this as to why is she giving this 4 stars and not 3.  Here is why.  The Flirty French is hands down the BEST cruller I have ever had.  Sorry DD but you lose on this one.   If this is the only reason to get a donut well you better get 2.   It is light and airy and perfectly glazed.   And with the coffee, the pairing is perfection in the mouth.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/5/2013,54,140,3,7,4>Brasa is one of my favorite spots to go to lunch or dinner with my mom for multiple reasons:1. Pineapple ginger ale. If this is not the most amazing soft drink on the planet, I don't know what is. They need to mass produce this stuff. Even when I go for dinner and other people are drinking alcohol, I still order this. So refreshing.2. MEAT. All of their meat is good, but my two favorites are probably the pulled pork and the rotisserie chicken. The rotisserie chicken comes with a delicious sauce to dip it in that may just have magical properties. The beef is good, too.3. Cornbread and other sides. Fried plantains, yams, mac and cheese, guacamole, mashed potatoes... So much better than Famous Dave's. You really can't get good Southern food anywhere else in the Twin Cities (anyone have any ideas?).4. Brussel sprouts. These are a seasonal thing, but if//when they have them, I will come. Caramelized and crisp and clearly fresh from a farm, they're seasoned and tossed with onions and raisins (I think... it's been a while since they've been on the seasonal menu). 5. Healthiness. Alex Roberts, who owns this, is a big Crossfitter, and a lot of this stuff fits the Paleo diet that Crossfitters and yogis are so into right now. Choose the right stuff here, and it's as delicious as can be while still being super healthy.To finish it all off... everything is priced really well. It's not a burden to your wallet for a lunch that couldn't be more tasty.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/4/2013,151,116,5,5,6>Move over 112 Eatery and Heidi's, Burch has taken over as my new favorite restaurant in town.I had been anxiously awaiting the opening of Burch since I heard the 112 guys would be opening a steakhouse and oh man was it worth the wait! The bf and I had dinner on Friday and were both more than satisfied with everything served.  Being a paleo lady I was 100% happy with the full selection of 100% grass-fed beef on the menu.  Although I really wanted the ribeye it was a bit pricey for a random Friday night so I decided on the 12oz hanger steak after a recommendation from our waitress.  Awesome choice, I highly recommend it if you like rare or medium rare as it was incredibly juicy and flavorful.  The steaks come with the most delicious bearnaise sauce and homemade steak sauce which has a much stronger tangy flavor than any I have ever had.  You also get a little pickled mushrooms which I loved and the bf wasn't too fond of. We chose the Chocolate Rabbit appetizer which was small but really tasty.  Next time I want to try some of the raw menu items.  The thing that blew me away during our meal was the side of mushrooms with bacon.  I LITERALLY couldn't get enough.  You know how you save the most delicious thing to have as your last bite? Yeah, it wasn't steak.  It was the mushrooms smothered in the accompanying sauce with little bits of pancetta... dear Lord they are addicting.One really cool thing about Burch is the "treats" on the dessert menu.  These days I normally don't order dessert because I eat really big dinners and don't need/have room for dessert.  Burch, however, provides rotating small treats for a quarter so we couldn't pass them up.  The two we had were chili chocolate truffles (spicy and yummy) and the best treat I have had in awhile, salted chocolate bites.  So so good. The service was wonderful, it was a bit noisy, but I don't mind that.  I will absolutely be going back to Burch as soon as possible.  Probably in the next few days because the market fish that I passed on (almost ordered actually) was rainbow trout stuffed with dungeness crab and wrapped in proscuitto... gah.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,7/3/2013,76,164,9,7,8>I must start off by saying I've never been a religious person. Oh, how the tables have turned.It's true; we'd been here before for some late night drinks. We even graced the dance floor with some highly underrated, stylish classics like the 'rump shaker' and the nearly extinct 'trouser trout shuffle'. But we'd never eaten here... until today, that is.When we came, we had no idea it was three dollar taco Thursday. After seeing the size of the tacos and the normal prices... I'm glad we did. We both got the pork and beer battered mahi-mahi tacos as well as the butternut squash fritters and chips and salsa trio.Our food came out in a completely random order (One taco... chips... two tacos... fritters) but it did keep it interesting. The pork tacos were -delicious-.You could clearly taste the cinnamon on the spice rub for the pork but it worked in perfect unison with everything else in the taco. I was surprised at how little I picked up the orange in the pork but I didn't mind it at all.The fritters were spicy and the accompanying sauces complemented them well. I found myself really liking the serrano aioli and my girlfriend loved the ancho honey. They were -almost- too spicy for her but she persevered. Neither of us were terribly crazy about the chips themselves. They were unsalted and a touch too thick in my opinion. That being said, the guac was tame but tasty and the green salsa had a very fresh flavor to it. The red stuff? I'd rather lick the underside of an old barnacle.It tasted very similar to a packet of stale taco seasoning dumped into a blender with some watery tomato sauce. Forgive me, Barrio. I'm sure it's a really involved process to make it. I had high hopes for the fish tacos. I kept envisioning a fresh, crunchy filet with some interesting tasting slaw and spicy sauce.They were just okay. The fish was very fresh but the beer batter had gotten soggy and had zero crunch. As a result, the entire thing was one-note in both flavor and texture. I'm glad I gave them a try but I don't think I'd take the bait again.Our initially ordered meal had drawn to a close. My girlfriend had fallen in desperate love with their red sangria so we planned to linger. I, being still a touch hungry (and not wanting to end the meal on the flat fish taco note) decided to order another taco I had been eyeballing to try.The pork belly taco.When it came to me, it just looked tempting. The chunks of pork belly were beautifully seared, the pickled red onions were fiery bright and the avocado was nice and ripe.I took a bite.The ground shook violently and the roof gave way to reveal the most stunning view of the heavens anyone on earth has ever witnessed. I heard trumpets melodiously belting out the tunes of the gods and I fell blind to the intensity of the light bathing the room. When I finally regained my sight, my eyes could hardly believe what unfolded before me.Jesus, Zeus, Vishnu, Buddha, The Flying Spaghetti Monster, Allah and Kevin Bacon were all holding hands/noodles and singing the most heartfelt version of Sweet Dreams (sorry, Eurythmics) ever conceived. I sat there, paralyzed with wonder, and began to mouth the words along with them in careless abandon until my girlfriend threw an ice cube at my eye when people started to stare. That was it. That was my moment in the sun. The onions were sweet and subtly tart--just enough to cut through the richness of the belly--and the avocado just added another layer of creamy decadence. The pork belly couldn't have possibly been seared off better and I'm almost certain I'd have eaten it if someone served it to me stuffed in a cat carcass. Everyone that spoke to us who worked here (about five people) ended up being so nice it actually altered our initially blah mood.... They're gonna have to buy more pork belly on Thursdays and I'm going to need stretchier pants.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/2/2013,75,147,6,8,8>What a fantastic organization. I have volunteered at Second Harvest on several occasions. In addition to being organized and easy to work with, they encourage fun. Volunteerism at Second Harvest typically involves labeling and packaging food for individual consumption. No matter what size group I have brought to this location, they always have enough work to keep us busy for 2+ hours. Yesterday we sorted through pallets full of potatoes and created five-pound bags for distribution to families in need. In a two-hour span, a team of 40 volunteers created enough packs to make nearly 7,000 meals. That is true impact. During the process, the Second Harvest team efficiently kept us in supply of the necessary products and played some entertaining music that made us forget we were trading desk jobs for manual labor. Exercise, fun, and community benefit all in one event! At the end of our volunteer event, the staff provided statistics to help us measure the impact of our time. They also explained their broad reach and how many lives Second Harvest touches on a regular basis. I am so thankful that organizations like this exist and that they truly do all possible to make life a bit better for those who are suffering. To be a part of it is both humbling and incredibly satisfying. Whether you have a group of corporate volunteers or are a retiree looking to spend some time helping others, Second Harvest is a great partner organization.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,8/3/2010,42,108,,8,5>I just dined at Thanh Do for the first time over the weekend.  This is pretty surprising considering that Thom Pham's other restaurant, Azia, is one of my all time fave restaurants.  Thanh Do didn't disappoint.  It's much more casual than Azia, but the food is still top notch.  I had the basil stir-fry with tofu (which was light on the basil, but still insanely delicious) and my husband had a red curry with mock duck, which he loved.  The service was snappy and it seems that they will vegetarian-ize most dishes, which is nice.  We were told that the hot and sour soup (which was complimentary with lunch) was vegetarian, but after re-reading Sally's review, I am now wondering.This is definitely going on the list of take-out spots we will be hitting up this winter, and I would definitely dine in again as well.  YUM!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,8/2/2010,147,345,9,10,11>I have been wanting to come here for years. Imagine my delight when we were driving by it today and my husband said "Sorry dear - We have to stop at Ax-Man." I didn't have the smarts to pretend like I didn't want to go and immediately squealed like a girly girl and clapped my hands in joy. Yeah - I am all of three years old. This place is great. I had a hard time holding a conversation and looking for the 12 volt fan my hubby wanted as there were all kinds of shiny things that caught my attention. Some of my favorites: A massive quantity of o-rings which would make great stitch markers for knitting. The glass jars that Jess saw are still there and I was racking my brain to try and think of things to use them for. I still have no clue but they are so neat! Some of the stiffest nail brushes I have found in years. These were my only purchase and I got 2 for less than a dollar. Perfect for getting garden dirt out of my fingernails. It's craptastic and that is a wonderful wonderful thing. Oh - and the giant bunny riding the mechanical bull in the corner - Priceless.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,7/31/2010,70,375,2,7,5>The falafel has that certain Je Ne Sais Quois! If I spoke Arabic I would use that instead. We've been to Mim's on a couple of occasions, the first time I had the falafel sandwich - other reviewers were right, the pita isn't all that good. My dining companion had the cheeseburger and fries. The fries were or at least seem to be hand cut and great! Our second trip back I had the falafel platter and my dining companion had the schwarma. Both were a large amount of food for a reasonable price. That falafel platter way so fricking good, I keep thinking about it. I'm not falafel expert, but they were crispy on the outside and hot and I can't even describe it on the inside. Herbs and deliciousness over flowed from the falafels. Mmmmmmmmmmmmm. The 2 meals at Mim's were only about $10 total, which included the pop. The service is friendly and quick. A very popular little joint! I'd eat there everyday if possible.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,7/30/2010,51,129,,3,6>Get lost here.  This place defines bookstore.  Whether you're a bookie or a "I only look at covers" type of person, the employees don't discriminate and are very helpful no matter what you're looking for.  Remember your purchase supports a small business, so you'll likely pay more here than you would online or at a large retailer.  But if it's a gift, wrap it up with one of their business cards or a bookmark.  Let 'em know their book came from a home where it was loved first, so someday they might drive down Hennepin and see the store and say, "Hey!  That's where XYZ came from!"   So much more personal than Amazon.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,7/29/2010,52,160,4,6,5>We took in the Lookbook show at First Avenue, but prior to the main act...we had a hunger that needed to be satiated.  How convenient that First Avenue now has The Depot Tavern?!?If you are at a show at First Avenue, the only way to the Depot Tavern is to walk through 7th Street Entry, or outside around the block.  If you're at 7th Street Entry, bonus for you!The wait staff at The Depot are stellar.  I say stellar, because our waitress complemented me on my tattoo.  You get a compliment if you compliment me, that's how it works you see.  From the moment we walked in, it felt comfortable, open, and genuine.The menu is amazing...but we only wanted appetizers, and we settled into a couple of Grain Belt Nordeasts, an order of Moshe's Russet Fries, and Deep Fried Cayenne Cheese Curds.The fries?  Freaking amazing, with three dipping sauces (that aren't necessary due to the amazingness of the fries).  Fresh cut, russet goodness...fried to a golden wonderfulness.  The BEST fries I have had in a long time.The curds?  Spicy, wholesome, not overly greasy...the perfect cure for a drunken episode at First Avenue or 7th Street Entry.  The portions?  Well enough for two hungry souls.We loved the atmosphere, and the fact that we now have another place to hang our hat when we go to shows.  I'm looking forward to future visits, and a taste of the Smoked Brisket Chili (another reason its' hard to stay vegetarian), and the Inside Out Burger (reason #2 it's hard to stay vegetarian)....I'd love to meet the cook who designed the menu, they sound fun!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,7/28/2010,47,152,,3,5>I have been avoiding this place, not because I thought I wouldn't like, but because I knew I would love it and would want to come often. I was right! Yum not only makes yummy food but it is adorable, warm and inviting. This is a great place to bring a small group of friends for brunch. I had a delicous pumpkin muffin and some fresh fruit. I like that you can order breakfast food or something from their lunch menu in the morning. I will be back for more especially one of those amazing looking red velvet cupcakes!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,7/27/2010,69,69,,8,5>I'm a bit picky about Chinese food in the Twin Cities (I've spent most of my adult life in NYC and Los Angeles and have tended to find East Asian food here in the upper Midwest to be quite lacking) but Rainbow Chinese is a really solid, very good Chinese restaurant.The prices are certainly higher than your neighborhood Chinese joint but given the quality and the portions (it's basically two meals so I always have enough for dinner and lunch the next day) and the overall dining experience, it's certainly well worth it. The service is efficient, the decor is pleasant and while I've only been here as a couple, it seems like a fun, festive place for groups.An interesting and surprisingly extensive cocktail menu too. I'm a particular fan of "The Mandarin" which is a sort of fizzy orange-y gin drink.As for the food, most everything I've had is quite good. The Schezuan wontons are excellent...and definitely, definitely try something with their black bean sauce.A very good choice on Eat Street.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,7/26/2010,203,560,,10,7>I was a regular here in the late 80s (!) and loved it to death.  Time passed, and so did my desire to visit the place--the service got shoddy, the fish was no longer fresh, and it was just too depressing.  Many years passed.A recent craving for raw fish led me back to Saji Ya.  At some point during my long absence, the restaurant had been extensively remodeled: updated color scheme, relocated sushi bar, a whole new feel to the place.  Then the food started coming.  Saba, extra fresh with the salty tang.  Tobiko, crunchy mirth in every bite.  Tako, nice and fresh.  Hamachi, delicate and flavorful.  Even my old friend the Spider Roll was back in all of its paradoxical hot/cold, crunchy/smooth goodness.  A bottle of nigori sake brought it all together.  I'm thinking I won't wait another 10 years for my next return visit.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,7/25/2010,8,87,,4,5>Yummy local brews and wine, excellent food, fantastic service. This place rocks. I particularly recommend the lettuce wraps--get them with the crispy tofu, even if you're not vegetarian. So flavorful. I had the fish special despite the fact I'm not a huge fish eater, but our waitress made it sound so good. I ate every last bite. Everything was done to perfection, nothing too heavy or greasy. A tad pricey for me, so I'll just make my mom take me whenever I'm craving Vietnamese food.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,7/24/2010,223,363,12,12,7>Affordable waxing for your hooha.Like Kat W says, sign up for their email newsletter and you can get a few dollars off, which is always great. However, you do risk getting an appointment at their preference, which is still ok because as a  student  you can just skip class in order to get your wax on! Customer service is efficient and friendly. The private rooms for privates waxing are a bit clinical, but at $30, I'm not going to complain. Plus, the staff is experienced and just-chatty-enough and I didn't leave with any pain.I don't really consider this a spa-spa, where New-Age pan-pipe music flows softly in the air, everything smells herbal, and your Brazilian wax comes with a side of acai berries. But for quick and inexpensive spa-services, the Refinery is my go-to place.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,3/20/2014,9,65,2,9,3>I have to say, I was pretty excited to hear that My Burger was opening a location on campus.  And my first visit to the new location lived up to my lofty expectations quite well.  The entrance is somewhat unassuming, but includes a large overhead door, akin to nearby Punch Pizza--a feature I appreciate as it makes eating inside feel similar to a patio.  I also find myself being fond of the decor, even if that's only because all of the stacking and arranging of bottles and jars appeal to my autistic side.  But obviously the most important issue here is the food.  Frankly, My Burger is about as good as a burger and fry joint can be.  I had the BoM, which was the campfire burger, and it blew my mind a little bit.  The bonus is that my hands actually smelled like I had just been at a bonfire after eating this crazy delicious ball of cheese and meat.  All of their burgers seem to come with crispy but not over-cooked, super delightful fries.If you care at all about high quality burgers, you can't really afford to miss this place.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/19/2014,30,108,3,8,9>Wow! I remember back 4 years ago when I was review #2 for this quaint sandwich shop. My, how much they've grown! Every time I come here, the shop is looking more and more polished. First it moved locations, then it got a new sign outside, then a paint  job, and now a logo and new menu. Thank goodness, despite these transitions, the sandwiches are still good as they always were, and at times better! I remember coming here after walking to Shuang Hur to get my groceries and paying my 2.75 for a grilled beef sandwich, which I ate while walking home. The prices have nearly doubled, but I have observed that the sandwiches are bigger and the ingredients are higher quality. I am a believer in their Grilled Pork. The pork is meaty, fatty and features a remarkable lemongrass aroma. They are also now touting a house made mayo. Their mayo is a-freakin-mazing so I don't doubt that. It has a translucent appearance that store bought mayo does not have. I love you Lu's. You've taught me that change is not always bad or scary.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,3/18/2014,61,246,2,5,5>This is my favorite way to spend a lunch break in downtown Minneapolis.  They have a great selection of denim, shoes and handbags.  There are lots of other types of items to purchase as well but those are the three things I most commonly shop for.  As with most outlet stores, it's a bit of a hunt to weed out the treasures from the ugly crap but it's worth it.  Prices may be high if you're comparing the stuff to what you might find at Marshalls but it's higher because you're looking at  well made goods.  The prices are still much better than what you'd pay retail.  This is the perfect store for someone who wants nice things and is willing to do a bit of work to get them at a deep discount (coupon hunting, sales timing and frequent visits as inventory turns over quickly).If you love this store, you'll also love Nordstrom Rack at Maple Grove (better than the MOA location).
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,3/17/2014,31,65,4,8,6>Went in the other day to get some ground pork for my husbands favorite Romanian dish, sarmale.  We accidentally got two pounds of pork and one pound of pork sausage meat, which ended up a happy accident as they were the BEST sarma I have ever made. We also picked up a pound of their stellar bacon. I have been dreaming about this bacon since the last time we had it, which was TWO YEARS ago. My husband says to the butcher "oh mah....I love your bacon, I missed it." Butcher says "yea....I know."But really, they can afford to be a little smug about it, because really it's amazing. The smell of smoked meats is just saturated into the walls and it's SO heavenly. They also have smoked sausages for snacking, and killer sandwiches.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,3/16/2014,169,466,,8,4>Love, love, love it!  Cold press coffee...outstanding.  Breakfast Hotdish (a strada, who's mix of seasonings were in perfect harmony), a lightly dressed mixed green salad and small portion of berries that were at the peak of their taste.  Too often the berries end up as a garnish for simply looking pretty because they're too unripe to enjoy.  Thank you Buttered Tin for paying attention to those details!Was it a perfect dining experience?  No. But then again no love is perfect or flawless, now it is?! Our server was a bit grumpy at the start, but we were able to bring her around.  Both owners were present and engaged with the customers and that's what pushed the experience from to 5 stars.  I'm pulling for these gals & an abundance of success!The décor inside is simple, yet has it's own sophistication.  The tree shaded sidewalk along 7th makes for a lovely place to enjoy a meal.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,3/15/2014,64,122,1,10,5>I have driven over the Minnesota Valley National Wildlife Refuge many, many times, but I have never stopped because I assumed that it was difficult to get to and it was going to be very buggy. Well, you know what they say about those who assume... :-)One of the entrances to the refuge is RIGHT behind the Mall of America. Who knew there would be so much nature behind so much concrete! The Hogback Trail entrance is behind the MOA, which hooks up with the Bluff Trail, running all the way down to Lyndale Ave. While we hiked along several lakes (some beautiful, some pretty pond scummy), we saw wood ducks. great egrets, hawks, and so much more. The trail was well maintained, though the recent storms have knocked down some trees onto the trail. Most of the trees were easy to get around, though, I did not hike the entire Bluff Trail.I can't wait to explore it more!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,3/14/2014,54,140,6,10,7>RIDE IT, MY PONY. Pardon my Ginuwine reference... but I had to.Pizza farms seem to be the cool new thing in the Twin Cities, so my family decided to venture out to Two Pony Farms to try things out. Venture out is an exaggeration, as Two Pony Farms is actually one of the much closer farms churning out delicious pizza in the area. It's only about 15 minutes outside of Minneapolis.To start off, make sure you come prepared. First off, you need to make a "reservation," but you can basically come at any time. Bug spray is key- you're here in the middle of the woods. Also- bring beer, wine, salad, dessert- just make sure you clean up.Like I said, we were new to this whole pizza farm thing, so there were definitely lots of surprises, these being the main three:1. The babies. There are so many little kids and babies, guys. It's definitely a fun family-friendly activity, especially when you bring other families along. There are pony rides for the kids, a dahlia garden to explore, and green space for kids to run along as parents sip wine. But man, I was not expecting so many kids. Almost felt bad cracking open an Oberon in front of them.2. The wait. The oven is small, and we ended up waiting around an hour and a half for the pizza. Luckily, we grabbed some salads from Punch on the way to have as a starter, but just make sure you're prepared to wait. There were some families that left without getting pizza because they were so infuriated (like, seriously?). Bring a game or bring some drankz and you'll be fine. There's a lot of people there, so there's other waits too- mainly for the bathroom (guys, use the woods). 3. The deliciousness. I guess when pizza is coming straight from a farm you should expect delicious quality pizza, but I was pleasantly surprised. The pizzas are a little small for their $18 price (THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH DOMINO'S YOU COULD GET WITH THAT) but you can tell the ingredients are top-notch and all 4 pizzas we got were immediately gobbled up. Highly suggest making a trek out to the farm for a summer outing. It's not a thing you should be doing regularly, but it's always fun to try something new.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/13/2014,15,136,4,10,5>After a road trip to from MN to WI for some Christmas shopping, we wanted a burger and beer.  Thanks to a quick check on Yelp, we decided to try Stone Tap.I will admit that I was a bit hesitate as it didn't seem like anyone was there; however hubs said "how bad can it be"  On those famous last words, we took seats at the bar and hoped for the best.We were greeted by a super, friendly, and helpful bartender who informed us that we were in time for happy hour.  We each tried a beer from their great selection and ordered the olives as an appetizer.  The warmed olives were served drizzled with olive oil and served with bread.  It was a wonderful variety of pitted and "unpitted" olives.  The little ones were really good.We decided on burgers; however hubs is already planning on another trip to try the lamb.  The burgers were delish, served on a light  buttery, and soft bun.  The bartender asked for our meat temps and seemed pleased that we ordered them at the chef recommended med -rare, as it is a very lean meat.  My burger had caramelized onions that were the perfect texture and sweetness when paired with the blue cheese.  Hubs had the aged cheddar which is crumbled rather than sliced and really enjoyed that.The burgers came with some of the best fries I've had lately - thin sliced, crispy outside and tender inside that were perfectly salted.Can't wait to return to this "hidden" gem. (Especially since my leftovers were a casualty when I slipped getting out of the car at home -insert sad face here)
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,3/12/2014,11,36,3,6,4>A lot of folks don't seem to enjoy this place as much as I do, so I browsed a few of the less than stellar reviews, and I think I have a handle on what is going on.I've only gone to the LT for their happy hour. 2-4-1's until 7pm is a great deal, one of the best in Uptown, particularly with Rudolfs doing away with their 2-4-1's. I've always been able to make a reservation after lunch on a Friday and get a table for me and my friends. The appies that are on special are all fantastic eats. Onion rings, Scotch Eggs, sliders, and steamed muscles were all good gets, and 2$ or 1/2 priced depending price breaks depending on what you order.Once 6:55p rolls around, I've always been able to get in a last drink/food order if needed, and then I'll wander over to Bryant Lake and Bowl to catch their 8pm show, or see what is playing at the Jungle theatre. Now, I haven't gone to the Lyndale tap for a dinner experience, and I think that is what is getting them dinged by the other reviewers. YMMV. I've also tried going without reservations, and you do wind up standing behind the bar in cramped quarters as a result, but you are closer to the taps as a result :)
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,3/11/2014,7,51,,9,6>Wow, what a surprise to find a fun, hopping sushi bar with attentive staff in downtown Wayzata.  These guys have it all over the other sushi place down the street.Sushi Fix is in the strip mall on the eastern edge of the main drag, Lake Street.  The owner appears to be one of the sushi chefs, and he has a great, fun-loving demeanor.  Prices are reasonable and, more importantly for a sushi restaurant, the fish was very fresh and delicately prepared.  The people next to us ordered the sashimi bowl, which looked like a piece of art when served.I would like to see them offer a wider selection of beers (Summit Saga would be nice!), and a few higher-end wines.We'll be back!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,1/13/2009,42,103,5,7,7>Wow, you guys must be seeing something I'm not.I've been here three or four times now, not sure why I haven't reviewed it yet...You must not be going for HH. That may be the reason you don't like it as much as I do.HH runs until 7, and is extended to 9 on Wed2 for 1 drinks, anything$5 select appetizers, which are half the options -- thin crust pizza, nachos (the big size), duck dumplings (best kept secret) and many many other thingsIf it were walking distance to my apartment I'd be here at least twice a week I am certain.Waitresses are tattooed and very energetic. You have a good time through them I think. Last night was completely slammed, the busiest I've seen that place in all the times I have gone there.Last time I went, I went with three friends, two of which hadn't showed up yet and were going to arrive after HH closed. I called them and asked what they wanted to drink, as I'd do the 2 for 1 for them. The waitress told me she couldn't order anything under the HH window for anyone not there, so I got bummed out. Until she asked, "What would you like?" and I told her I was okay and didn't need anything else to drink. She repeated her question, "What would YOU like?" to which I replied "Oh oh, I would like 2 sets of vodka tonics, thank you!" -- Great waitress.We had that same woman last night as our waitress, and she remembered us without us saying a word. Great to see and good to be remembered for something pleasant and not like we don't tip well or something! :)They do Hendricks and tonic the correct way. Tall tumbler. With a cucumber. My staple drink and it can get quite expensive to drink out, unless it's 2 for 1, and here anything is 2 for 1. The duck dumplings have to be the best I have had not being served at a restaurant known for cuisine like that. We ordered two orders of them last night. Excellent flavor. Try them.I really am at a loss as to how everyone below me can say what they said. I read the less than stellar reviews and really can't wrap my head around it. Surely if you're reviewing a place for its bathroom, I can understand why they'd get a less than amazing mark. That I get. But the food not being good and the drinks not being strong? I don't get it. I've always had a good time there. Less pretentious than Figlio, who act like it's the worst thing to ask them to come back one more time before HH closes -- we're seasoned HH vets, respect the game. At Independent, when we ask that they come by one more time before HH closes, they smile and say "of course". Last night she came by one final time, even after coming by for last call and said "Ok guys, this is it, last time I can put something through before HH is over." C'mon, I love that.Sorry to those who haven't enjoyed Independent. But I can't see why you don't.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,1/12/2009,7,13,,9,4>I recently had a trip to Belize and I was worried about whether I should receive travel shots prior to my visit.  I called and talked to one of the nurses and she advised me that I should come in for shots.  During the visit, the provider I saw was very helpful and gave me great information on Belize and what the risks were when going.  I am really happy that I chose to get travel shots.  I believe that it kept me from getting sick!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,1/11/2009,219,850,2,3,3>An impressive little restaurant tucked out of the way in the basement of a building that otherwise appeared to contain shops and perhaps even offices. Go in, go down the stairs -- it's like you're approaching a dentist's office -- and then there you are. The restaurant is open plan with a suspended ceiling and not much decor to speak of. But the food is good.The three of us shared chicken and cashews and beef and broccoli. We tried the soy milk, which is unthickened and was quite sweet. We got the steamed pork dumplings, which were extremely hot and just so so. What's most notable is that you can get most, if not all, of the meat options with mock meat, as well -- which makes this hella friendly for the vegetarians and vegans among us.I'd go back when I had more time in town. This was just a quick dinner before watching... Kung Fu Panda!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2008,1/10/2009,271,845,1,8,7>Red Sea offered solid, simple Ethiopian food. I enjoyed my split pea with injera dish; it was delicately spiced and tasted fresh. The portion size was large (and included two small sides of red lentils and spinach---for free, apparently) and nicely priced at $8.99.I wasn't impressed with the ambience of the place, though. If it weren't for the kindred spirits with whom I was eating, I would have found it difficult to have stayed in there for too long. For one thing, there's sickly, dark lighting with some stray bits of neon near the counter/bar. The speakers played random music and the big screen tv's glare was hard to avoid. This isn't a good place to take a date or to enjoy a pleasant dinner. I'm not sure I'd want to be there for alcoholic drinks, either. Just too bleak.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,1/9/2009,6,19,,4,4>I love Manny's tortas!  While I thought I was quite a Mexican food junkie in the past, I seemed to have overlooked the finger-licking goodness that is the torta.  Manny's Special maybe one of the great sandwiches of our time.  It just drips with flavor and spices and you can wash it down with a true Mexican Coke.  I have also tried the breaded steak and cubano (both good), but I will come back for the Special.  I also thought the staff was great, they truly seemed to love making these sandwiches for the masses.  Perhaps a little expensive for a sandwich, but well worth every penny!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,1/8/2009,31,178,6,8,6>A great Latte and you can bring your dog - AWESOME!If I was to deduct anything from this place it would be because they didn't have any cookies to snack on.  Now, maybe they talked to my butt and came to an agreement that I didn't need any more cookies.  But still, would have been nice.They have a nice mixture of seating options.  Good place to gather. The noise level is also nice.  Even with a good number of groups there, our own conversation was easy to hear.  Definitely will be going back, their latte prices are better than Caribou.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,1/7/2009,124,263,7,8,4>I like Fabulous Fern's.  I liked coming here even before I moved to the neighborhood.  It's one of the few American bar/restaurants that offer tofu as a protein choice.  They charge more than they should for it, but they prepare it so well that it's forgivable.Fern's is a good place to go for:Drinks.  They even have good scotch.Playing darts.Watching a football game.Playing NTN Trivia.Vegans/vegetarians who happen to be dining with carnivores and want American comfort food.Brunch.  They'll even swap out eggs and give you tofu if you ask.  (I've never had the brunch buffet, however)People watching.My friends like the complimentary popcorn, but I've never had it.Some weekend nights in the bar area get a little rowdy with a crowd I wouldn't normally want to hang around, so I usually only go on weeknights.  Also, I rarely sit in the dining room.  It feels like a place you'd bring your grandma or your parents rather than a date.I'm docking a star for the weird vomit-like smell that hits you in the face as you walk into the bar (it's not noticeable after you get the first whiff though).
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,1/6/2009,16,145,5,6,5>I had lunch at The Brothers Deli today.  It nicely complimented what I was really craving, which was a giant sticky bun.  Gods help me, I almost walked to overpriced, mediocre Keys Cafe.  Pregnancy does awful, crazy things to your mind.Anyway, Brothers.  I've been curious about this place for a long time, having seen it from across the hallway at Chipotle many times.  The place is always hopping, and that's a good sign in the Skyway.  I got there early -- around 11:15 -- and it was empty, which suited me fine.I ordered the sweet & sour cabbage borscht, which came with a popover, and got a chocolate chip cookie.  The borscht was very sweet, but it was just sour enough to cut it.  It was full of cabbage that was pleasantly crisp-tender and not at all slippery or overcooked.  The broth had bits of tomato in there too.  It was delicious.Now, I come from northern Minnesota, and I know popovers.  These guys do popovers right.  The outside is crisp but not overdone, with a delightfully messy flaky crumb that gets all over your hands.  Crack that open to reveal a moist and tender, almost custardy, airy interior.    It's served with honey butter.  That's all you need.  Don't even think of sullying it with jam.The cookie was large and moist and had the right ratio of cookie to chocolate chip: 50:50.  A great way to cap off my sugar feast. If I ever decide to eat meat again I'll be sure to try the bulgogi sandwich.  Can a deli do bulgogi right?  I might have to have my husband try it and do a full report.The salads in the deli case are gigantic and tempting and they have more than a few vegetarian breakfast and lunch options.  I will be back after I'm not pregnant to try the lox bagel for breakfast.Despite the signs proclaiming authenticity, there is bacon on the menu.  Just so you know.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,1/5/2009,18,37,2,4,2>I was first introduced to Changs in Vegas.. That was back when I "didn't like" (or in otherwords, refused to try) Chinese food.  I love their food.  It's an interesting atmosphere -- not your typical Chinese dive.Lettuce Wraps are pretty decent, for an appetizer, but the Spicy Chicken is  my personal favorite of the entree choices.I'd heard a rumor they were going to open one by Maplewood Mall, which would have been nice since it's a lot closer than driving to Southdale, but that never happened.  So I very rarely get the chance to eat here.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2008,1/3/2009,51,96,8,8,6>Oh Myth, I have such conflicting emotions about my experience. I went to the all ages M.I.A. concert and was quickly reminded of what an old geezer I am and how hideously obnoxious teenagers are. Especially teenagers that wear neon leggings like it's going out of style WHICH IT IS. The venue itself was of mythic (oh yes I diiiid) proportions. The inside was fitted with flat screen tvs and comfy sofas to lounge around on until the main act got on stage. There were at least two bars and the drinks were much cheaper than I expected. It has it's own private lot, but you can pretty much park anywhere near by and walk over. The only downside as mentioned before is it is in the effing boonies in comparison. But otherwise it seemed like a good mid-size venue.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,1/9/2014,534,142,3,5,5>The first time I visited Samshburger was for a Yelp event. I really liked the taste of their spicy veggie black bean burger at the time. Although it took me a few months to go back and try it again at this nearby location, the taste of the burger was still solid.It was middle of the week and I had no interest/patience in cooking at home, so I decided to drive to Smashburger in HarMar mall for a burger and fries meal. The decor here is very different from the one I visited in Plymouth for the Yelp event. There are large red sofa booths and plenty of table and chairs . I ordered the veggie black bean burger and Smashfries. A very satisfying meal and it doesn't make you feel guilty of eating a large burger and fries as it is very easy on the stomach and your wallet.  For less than $9, you get a freshly "smashed" burger patty with all its goodness.The staff is very friendly too.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,1/7/2014,354,223,4,10,11>You would be wise to put Wise Acre on your list. The space is absolutely beautiful with moss planters on the wall (they own the greenhouse next door which helps explain it) and gorgeous wood grain tables with Restoration Hardware-esque chairs. The little things matter, you guys. All of the food is farm-to-table fresh, and fellow vegetarians, the black bean burger is tops. Always order French fries and even if you're not a big condiment person, dip them in rhubarb ketchup--trust.Go when the weather's extra nice and have a glass of wine while you wait for a table in an Adirondack chair out front, and go when it's cold out for undeniable coziness and mid-winter pick-me-up.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/6/2014,61,80,3,11,6>I need to figure out how I can eat Duck..Duck...Duck...for breakfast tomorrow. I just left The Rabbit Hole restaurant a few hours ago and am already determining how quickly I can get back there - that's how much I love this dish. It's one of about 30 reasons why you should eat and drink here ASAP.I came here with a group of friends and cut a fairly wide swath through the menu. The drink list leans heavily toward dark liquors - my personal favorite was the "Not Doin' Jack in the Morning" - Jack Daniels, Fernet Branca, Aperol, orange liqueur, bitters - basically, everything I enjoy, all in one cocktail. The "Dark and Stormy" (dark rum, ginger syrup, bitters, and a pickled ginger spear) and "High Ryezer" (whiskey, sweet vermouth, and Bokbunja bitters) were also solid choices. And whatever they're doing to the pickled cherry garnishes in their cocktails gets an A+ from me. Several members of the group got burgers - the Appa and Omma were both big hits. Each burger has about 10 components, ranging from bourbon onions and kimchi aioli to pork belly and pickled watermelon rind, but the stunner was the fried egg on the Appa - just the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Soy garlic chicken wings and charred long beans were also great, but everyone's favorite dish of the evening was the Duck..Duck...Duck...rice flour dumplings, duck confit, and Gochujang served with confit garlic. The dumplings were just chewy enough, the duck fall-apart tender, and the sauce a perfect compliment of sweet and spicy. My newest obsession.The layout of this place is ridiculous - there are so many dining areas for everything from happy hour gatherings at the bar, date night benches in front of the cook's station, to semi-secluded tables in one of the restaurant's many nooks. The only reason I'm holding back on 5 stars is that The Rabbit Hole could use more vegetarian options...non-meat eaters are kind of limited to green beans, broccoli, and French fries. Meat eaters: anything you choose is going to be a great decision. Just be sure to get the duck.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/5/2014,93,230,5,6,8>I'm not saying that I'm giving this review 5 stars because they are an extremely dog friendly establishment, but the fact that I walk my dogs here and they can weigh in* on the wine I'm buying, is a nice perk.  Every time I'm here, I just have to stand in place staring at the wine on the shelf and a friendly face will show up and ask me if I have any questions.  I usually just ask them to talk about their favorite wine in the vicinity while I gaze at them and bask in their wine knowledge.  Basically, I buy whatever wine they put in my hands as long as it's not bazillions of dollars.Speaking of not bazillions of dollars, their wine sale is amazing.  Everything is really well-priced here already, and with their wine sale, I always want to go a little crazy.Love this place.  Love the big St. Bernard named Tobias.  Love the people who work here. Love their wine selection.  Love love love love love.*Chloe is a fan of dry chardonnays, whereas Charlie has strong preference for jammy riojas and spicy grenaches.  :)
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,1/4/2014,52,127,2,8,5>I just moved to the Loring Park neighborhood this past weekend and discovered Lotus by the SA when I was filling up with gas. I made a mental note to stop back asap and ordered lunch to-go a few days later. I was incredibly impressed by their awesome customer service, both over the phone when I ordered, and when I went to pick up my food. The man who helped me was very nice, patient, and friendly, and even though there was quite a line, he was really calm and still took his time with each customer to make sure they were happy with their orders. I ordered the Vietnamese Pad Thai lunch special with chicken, white rice, and cream cheese wontons. (The lunch specials come with choice of meat, white/friend rice, and wontons/egg roll) I also ordered egg rolls because I had heard rumor of their greatness and just had to try them. I was absolutely blown away by the huge portion vs. price. I got a large square to-go box filled to the brim with pad thai, chicken, and rice, delish! Plus, they gave me a large container of really delicious sweet and sour sauce for my cream cheese wontons. The food itself was excellent. I'll probably go with the friend rice next time to give that a try, but I would definitely order the pad thai again, it was superb! The egg rolls were also true to the rumors-nice and crunchy, not too greasy with a dipping sauce just as good!I can't even tell you the amount of business this place is about to get from me. Not only am I in walking distance, but they also deliver their wonderful food. I can't wait to go back and try the pho and other items (their menu is quite extensive!)
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,1/3/2014,94,61,8,8,8>They have my name on caller ID.  For some people, achieving that level of intimacy with a bar would be a bad thing. To me, it merely signifies that the food is good enough that I order it frequently, and the service is quality. Either that or the bartenders use it to screen my calls...in which case, I wouldn't blame them. For those that have been following my reviews, you know I am a sucker for all things Irish. And this bar is no exception. I love the coat of arms above the bar, the green tin ceilings, and the classic photos from St Paul in the 1940's . It looks like a 70 year old leprechaun puked a blessing on this bar. They have good burgers and sandwiches at a decent price, but I haven't been adventurous enough to dive deeper into the menu and try their walleye or other entrees. The bloodies are fantastic. **Almost** as good as mine...but not quite. I have seen a couple of good bands here, and would recommend this as a venue over places like Station 4 or Fine Line, where you are herded in and out of a holding space with no personality and more hipsters than I have energy to deal with. The bartenders are good looking and treat you like family, but are never overbearing. And the O'Gara's bus has taken me to my fair share of Twins, Vikings, and Wild games. Seriously, it is the best option there is: grab a bloody Mary, get it to-go, and ride the free bus down there.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,1/2/2014,264,422,2,6,5>Borough is where you go for a classy, gastronomical adventure. The chefs here like playing with their food, and I knew I had to come in with an open mind, to try food done in ways I'm not accustomed too. Nor do I want to be: I wouldn't want to eat a "soup" version of a reuben everyday, but it was fun to try it at Borough. More on that later. We came here on a Friday afternoon (around 5:30 PM) with no reservations, and got a table pretty easily. Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly, and I could tell he was very passionate about the menu. I ordered a really strong drink that I sadly cannot remember the name of. All I remember is that it was a "slow sipping" kind of drink, to quote our server. I definitely was sucking on that thing for the whole dinner service, because downing it would've been too...proletarian. For an appetizer, I had the mushroom truffle soup; it was was phenomenal. Once they poured that broth into the bowl, my senses were hit with the undeniable fragrance of the truffle.As I mentioned earlier, Borough likes to play with its food.  Case in point: I ordered a "reuben," which was a deconstructed version of this classic sandwich, which had diced cubes of pastrami meat, potato gnocchi with a rye (bread) taste, red cabbage "pearls" served in a big bowl. Then, they pour a "swiss cheese" broth over the whole thing and voila! A dish formerly known as reuben. Dessert was also a lovely play on salty and sweet, with donuts, chocolate dipped bacon, and a yummy sauce served all together. What's better than fried stuff and bacon dipped in sweet stuff? Um, more bacon and fried stuff I suppose. A fulfilling dinner at Borough can run you a pretty penny, but you do pay for more than just food at Borough. You get great service, a handsomely crafted cocktail list (I have to make up overusing the word "stuff"), and unparalleled people watching experience. After sitting at our table for 2+ hours (and getting some ungodly stares, which I can't blame them for), we migrated to the bar, where we had a couple more drinks and had a front-ish seat to the kitchen, the bar, and a Friday nightlife exploding around us. Hopefully, Borough maintains its edginess after all the newness wears off, and the Warehouse District has another get-out-your-checkbook-worthy restaurant.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2013,1/1/2014,82,441,,9,2>I've been really looking forward to the THL opening since it's in my neck of the woods and we popped in late on their second night.  Needless to say, things are still jelling after just opening and a few things were out of place.  The food was good and I like that the menu differs from other TH establishments.  The bowling looks amazing and the space is beautiful with the woodwork and classic beer signs that are the TH trademark.  Having visited this place in its previous incarnation, the Skyline Lanes or whatever, it's truly astonishing how they were able to transform this building and so quickly.  The neighborhood is truly hungry for a place like this and I'm thankful that THL has opened here.  Our service was spotty but it looked like our waiter was being called all over the place.  The food came out reasonably quickly but it took quite a while to get the check and much attention from the waiter.  The host picked up some of the slack, which was appreciated.  I'm sure THL will figure it out and get it up to the standards of their other places, although in general I think TH management should look to train their wait staff a bit better on taking care of customers to ensure an optimal experience every time.  I love their beers and really hope this spot thrives on 34th.  I didn't see a jukebox but that would definitely be a draw going forward.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,12/31/2013,192,225,2,5,4>I have been craving Korean food all summer and I finally got my fill in this little restaurant on the U of M campus. All of the food is prepared by this Korean couple and they are so cute. We each ordered our individual dishes and they were all so good! Deanna got the beef bulgogi, Kaitlin got the seafood hot stone bowl, and I got the dukboki. The beef bulgogi could have been sliced thinner, but it came to the table sizzling and went really well with white rice. Kaitlin's hot stone bowl was huge, with tons of vegetables and shrimp. The rice got crunchy on the sides and they had lots of flavor in the toppings. The dukboki was a nice surprise because it came with fishcakes, onions, cabbage and rice cakes, but at the bottom, was a nice portion of thin crystal noodles. I am not sure what the term is in Korea, but these noodles are made with a yam starch and are extra chewy and absorb the flavor of spicy and sweet sauce really well. I even got some kimbap to go and I had it for lunch the next day. This is a pretty authentic place and I def want to come and try their lunch special some time!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,12/30/2013,22,35,3,8,5>I am in love at first visit. I ate at Eli's for the first time on Saturday night with some of my girlfriends. We were all extremely happy with our decision to go there. We all loved the service, food, and atmosphere. Service. Our server was extremely attentive. I am pretty sure I ended up drinking 6 glasses of water, he just kept them coming. No complaints though, hydrating is important. If you go to Eli's you will notice that the menu is large and everything sounds AMAZING. Our server was so kind to share his favorites and asked a few of the other servers what their favorite dishes were. Not only was he a great server, but he was hilarious, we laughed so much throughout the whole night.Food. Everything was DELICIOUS!  I ordered the balsamic chicken sandwich with tots and barbecue sauce. Loved the sandwich, loved the tots, but was indifferent about their barbecue sauce. The sauce was too smokey for my liking.  One of my friends ordered the beef brisket with fries, and the other ordered a turkey burger with chips. Everyone enjoyed their food. We also shared pistachio cheesecake for desert, which was also delectable! Parking. There is only on street parking. We had to circle twice to find a spot in a few block radius. Totally worth it.Atmosphere. Relaxing and casual.  They were also playing music from the 70's and 80's, which I really enjoyed.The icing on the cake. We had paid and left Eli's, and when we were out of sight from the restaurant, one of the servers ran up behind us saying "You forgot your leftovers". I have never seen anyone do this. Major kudos to this magnificent  server. I really enjoyed my leftovers the next day and cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,9/24/2010,78,152,2,5,3>This place is far from blood and gore, in fact, I felt as though I had stepped back in time...back to the late 50s or early 60s. The lighting is fantastically low lit, the leather booths are comfy, the smokey glass is beautiful, and the zombie movies are great! The bar is fully stocked and the happy hour drinks are a real treat!I frequent the place about once a month. The drinks are a bit pricey, but are worth it when you feel like treating yourself.Have fun!P.S. They are closed Mondays.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,9/23/2010,86,304,,3,7>Oh, May Day. This tiny coffee shop quietly basks in its own glory. It's the perfect meet up of down-to-earth hipsters, musicians, activists (it was the de facto headquarters of Fareen Hakeem, the female green party candidate for state legislature in 2008), beautiful people, and families. So the people alone make a trip worthwhile.But the food knocks your socks off. Their breakfast sandwiches of egg and cheese on crispy, light buttery toast with a side of vinegary greens are impossibly good. Their vegan scones taste like fresh graham crackers, speckled with dates. Their coffee is fresh, and they make the only cold coffee-and-maple-syrup drink in town.If you want to start your day in a way that reminds you of how beautiful your city is, or how stunning a community can be given the right people, cruise your bike through Powderhorn Park and stop at this place for breakfast. Take your time. Life is gorgeous here.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2009,9/22/2010,19,78,2,9,5>I am an unrepentant carnivore. It's not that I love killing animals or enjoy clogging my arteries with fat, so much as it just tastes good. The problem is that in the Twin Cities with the prevalence of grocery stores, the idea of a meat counter has gone completely out the window. Sure, you'll find a few here and there, but they either have questionably fresh meats or will charge you an arm and a leg. Take yer pick!My dad lives near Everett's and has been raving about them for several years now. I finally started going and can see why he loves them so much: good, nicely trimmed and cared for meat cuts at incredible prices. The older gentleman around during weekdays is the owner, I believe, and I once asked him where he sourced his meat. He was able to tell me each of the farms' name and that the beef, chicken, and pork were all sourced from the Midwest. Having grown accustomed to Golden Plump and Smart Chicken, I was flabbergasted at the incredible size of their chickens! And that they tasted like real chicken! They had ceased to be the bland protein conveyance that graces my plate at least once a week into a real, identifiable flavor.Besides doing just nice meat bits, their freezer section is a veritable treasure trove! Housemade Swedish potato sausage? Check! Real beef suet? Check! Cheap, whole ducks? Check!Everett's also does have a grocery section attached to their meat counter. For the most part it's an uninspired selection of your usual sundry items; it's such a shame with some of the city's nicest pot roasts in the next case over that the flavoring options fail to exceed Campbell's cream of mushroom soup.We all love Clancey's in Linden Hills, but I think Everett's is right on up there for best butcher/meat counter in the city. It's unpretentious, knowledgeable staff take you back in time 40 years when service was second only to a great product, both of which Everett's has in spades.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,9/21/2010,71,68,9,4,5>I love, love, love this store.  They carry cool brands like Colcci, Gentle Fawn, Kenzie Girl, and Mac & Jac, as well as some pieces from local designers.  Anything I've ever bought here has netted me tons of compliments--a stranger practically chased me down the street to ask me where I got one particular dress.  Everything is pretty unique, girly, and just has a special feel to it.  The staff is always super helpful and friendly.  Some of the pieces are more pricey than others; I think you could definitely outfit yourself head to toe for under $200 if you tried but they do have some higher end pieces as well, like this metallic handbag I fell in love with that was over $500 (handmade by a local designer).  Tip:  don't get drunk at Axel's Bonfire across the street and then go to Picky Girl unless you have a lot of spare cash.  I'm not speaking from experience.  Okay, I am.  Just don't do it.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,9/20/2010,73,72,5,6,7>I am totally hearting this place. I was in Cancun trying to find authentic tacos and had no luck - I even ventured into the 'real Cancun' - you know, the area outside of the hotel zone. Everything was far too Americanized, or too questionable for me to feel comfortable eating.So in Minneapolis - I finally found it. I feel that this is pretty authentic in comparison to the food I have had at my Latina friends homes. If I had to describe this place,  I would say this is what Chino Latino strives to do with their 'authentic Latino cuisine.' I am mad about the elotes, the tacos with cilantro and lime (nom nom), the salsas - everything. I decided to go off the beaten path the last time I ate there by ordering a gordita, and it was a bit much so I would not recommend that dish. Tacos and burritos are the way to go.Love this place - hate the location. Oh well.....
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,9/19/2010,77,572,6,9,7>Without a doubt, absolutely hands-down,THEBESTSERVICEI've had in ANY Twin Cities restaurant, period.I am talking genuinely friendly, genuinely happy-to-be-there, pretense- and attitude-free, no hauteur, no obsequiousness. We were there on a weeknight and the place wasn't too busy. We were seated and attended to quickly. Our glasses were never empty, and even after I said I was okay with my water, our server came by a few more times to ask if I was sure. He was just so nice and friendly, to boot.Our server pointed out his favorites (which encompassed the majority) on the new spring menu and we paid attention, ordering the daily meat-on-a-stick, the fried oysters, and the grilled Caesar to share. LOL at myself once again for finding myself in a steak house and not being a red meat eater. But I got the seared duck breast, and it was divine. Big cheat on the diet but I could NOT resist the accompanying deep-fried mashed potatoes - heaven with every bite.  I do feel that I counteracted that with the Brussels sprouts ;). My companions actually had less success with their filets mignon; they both ordered medium, but got just a touch into medium-well territory. Since my order was utterly perfect, I have to give my review a perfect, too! I didn't even realize until we got the bill that our server wasn't a server, but the legendary mixologist Dan. He dodged back and forth from the bar and his tables with ease. I just love the energy brimming from the staff. We most certainly will be back.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/18/2010,95,217,5,7,7>I'll tell you what I told Christina. My only previous experience with eyebrow threading had been with a woman working out of Mall of America's third floor who talked nonstop on her Bluetooth. Way to make me feel like a valued customer! Although I'd scheduled a waxing at Blink, I reconsidered the threading option when I showed up for my appointment. My meek inquiry was greeted warmly and we got to work. The threading was much less painful and more relaxed even in comparison to relatively calm waxings. Christina is a master and I can't wait for my eyebrows to become overgrown so I can visit once again.For now, Blink only accepts cash and checks. Christina offered me a postage paid envelope so I could pay later. I don't even know where my checkbook is; I opted for an ATM run to J's.There are two free parking spots in the back for Blink customers specifically; there are also seven guest spaces available. A portion of their proceeds go to an animal shelter. Aw. YOU GO THERE NOW.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,9/17/2010,61,275,5,5,3>Loved it.  We each ordered 3 small plates and dessert and were pleasantly full.Everything I had (smoked sturgeon, beet terrine, roast chicken, malted panna cotta) was delicious.  My friend got gnocchi, quail and something else (too busy eating my food to look at hers and now I can't remember) but she loved hers, too.The space is friendly and unpretentious and the servers are, too.  Great neighborhood vibe.  Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.Edit:  Woke up in the middle of the night dreaming of the beet terrine. I know I just said I wanted to go back and try the rest of the menu, but now I really want to go back and order another round of beet terrine.  Damn that was good.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,9/16/2010,84,275,,8,4>Went there tonight for a date with my BF before leaving for a month or so. My BF was opposed to the place at first but then I managed to convince him and we are sooooooo happy he gave in!!For starter, we shared the charcuterie plate which was really good: I particularly appreciated the veal tongue and the homemade mortadella, my BF liked the head cheese and the pork pate, which was more like a terrine, but still very good.Then we moved on to sharing the mac and cheese with crab. Also very good, actually even better than the charcuterie: the crab was very flavorful, the breadcrumbs added a bit of crunchy and the celery leaves gave it a nice freshness.Finally we shared the hot dish which was incredibly good, rich in flavors and accompanied by some super creamy "tots" which were more like croquettes and were super good. Also the meat was so tender and so good!To top everything off we got the panna cotta with rosemary and pine nuts. It was a suggestion from our waiter and we are very happy to have listened to him.The service was also very good. our waiter came by regularly to check on us but was never annoying. He also cleaned the table in between courses when we spilled something or there were too many crumbs around. Also the dishes came fast one after the other, if anything service was too fast not too slow at all!In the end the bill came in at $70 for two including tip, which considering how good the food was, I thought was more than honest. The portions were also OK not too big but not too small either, we did not leave hungry.We left happy and we'll be back to try some more dishes!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,9/15/2010,354,223,2,6,7>This is hands-down my favorite place to eat in the metro! What Shish lacks in space is MORE than made up for in taste! I usually order the chicken schwarma with fries. The fries have a delicious spice and are sprinkled with parsley. I also cannot leave without having some hummus. The hummus platter is great if you're particularly hungry and want some warm pita bread, but it's always a good idea to buy a package of it before leaving because it's one of the best values I've seen! (It's about $4 I believe!) The schwarma is huge and I think most people could save half and get another meal out of it, I however, am not one of those people. It costs about $7 or $8 but this price-sensitive chica doesn't care. I love it THAT MUCH.Once I get over the schwarma, I plan on experimenting with the rest of the menu but so far I haven't been able to order a substitute! Overall it's a great place! Relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff (one time  a server brought my friend & I free baklava!) and unquestionably delicious food!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/21/2013,23,46,3,2,3>I LOVE VICTOR'S LIKE I LOVE RICE AND BEANS!Victor's is one of my favorite weekend brunch spots. The food is consistently delicious and very affordable.My favorite choice on the menu is the Dia y Noche (2 eggs, black beans over white rice, sweet plantains & creole sauce). Only a measly $6.95. Sometimes the beans aren't the best, but usually they are perfect. The plantains are amazing. I once ordered the Cuban Scrambler, but I really missed the rice. I never leave Victor's without a caffeine buzz. Their coffee is the best. Three cups of coffee can't kill you, right? It's so good.Parking is usually easy. The only time I've been here is during the hours of 11am and 1pm. There is always a wait for a table no matter what, so I have learned to expect it. I don't mind because most of the time Cuban music is blaring from the outside speakers and I feel like I've walked onto the set of Dexter. The food, music and general ambiance of Victor's transports you to another country. For a short while you forget you're in Minneapolis. I love the feeling I have when I'm here. It's impossible to not be happy when dining at Victor's. During the winter it's the best place to go when you're missing sunshine, but it's also nice to visit when the weather is warm because the outside patio is open.You can also write on the walls and wherever else you fancy. My boyfriend has taken full advantage of this.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/20/2013,70,375,3,7,3>Fantastic Place!We met up rather early on a Saturday night with another couple at HB.  None of us had ever been there before for dinner, but I'm glad we went.  We snagged the last table available, literally and it was perfect.  The place is a tight squeeze, but the food more than makes up for it.Our server was great - helpful, pleasant and not too hovery.  I started with a glass of wine as did everyone else at the table.  My wine was a special that night and I can't remember what it was, but I know it was delightful.For the main course, we were all over the place - pheasant, pasta and for me - the coxinha and a greens salad.  The salad was perfectly dressed and the nuts were slightly spicy and a great compliment to the dressing.The coxinha was great as well - the tomato sauce was delicious and the outside nice a crunchy.  My portion sizes were perfect because I had to save room for the best part of the evening - tres leche cake.  Um, it was sweet, moist and decadent.  I love tres leche at a lot of places, but this one is the best.  There wasn't too much of any one ingredient and the toasted coconut on top was perfect.This was a great dining experience!  I can't wait to go again!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/19/2013,11,50,,10,2>I'd heard about how important it is to have a professional bra fitting at least once in a woman's life, so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I went online to gather some options and came upon Allure's website.  I think they also advertise on MyTalk 107.1, so that probably subconsciously helped. I was pleased to find that they had a location in St. Paul, so I went over there after work on a weekday. [One tiny downside was that the parking lot adjacent to the retail shops is 15 minute only.  So I parked up the street.  Minor complaint.] There were not any customers in the store at the time I walked in, but the woman behind the counter immediately greeted me and asked if there was anything I needed.  I told her I had heard about bra fittings and that I would like to have one so I could figure out my size.  She said that would be no problem, and asked me a few question (am I okay with underwire, do I have a color preference, is this for day-to-day wear? etc) as she showed me to a dressing room.  I took off my coat and sweater off, then she came in, took a few measurements and said she'd be right back. She came back with three of really nice looking bras. She asked if I would like help trying them on, and I said yes (hey, when's the next time someone's gunna help me in a dressing room? Not likely soon). So I turned with my back facing her and she handed me a bra over my shoulder. I slid the straps up my arms and she fastened the back and adjusted the straps.  Then I looked in the mirror and assessed. Lather, rinse, repeat.  One of the three fit basically perfectly, so she left that one in the room and went back out to grab three more.  Tried those on and then ultimately decided to buy the 1st one that fit so well.She took it up to the counter for me while I got dressed, then I went to the register and paid for it.  It was an expensive bra ($85 if I recall correctly), but it may have been the highest quality, well-fitting bra I've ever bought.  The whole fitting took maybe 15 minutes tops, and the whole thing was just a great experience. Overall, I am so glad I went here to try this whole bra fitting thing out.  Great customer service, great products.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/18/2013,101,229,9,12,5>Do you want to know how good Ingebretsen's Swedish meatball mix is?I stood in line outside in 8-degree weather for two hours two days before Christmas Eve to procure some. And I would do it again, by gum, I would do it again.Those were two hours standing in line with 50-80 year old men with Scandinavian heritage asking me about my family and telling me how happy they were to see the young people keeping some traditions (Swedish meatballs for Christmas) alive. They told me about their holiday gatherings and their kids and their grandkids. They laughed at me because I did not --at all-- anticipate how long the wait would be just a few days before Christmas. So come prepared. Everyone will be very jolly and sweet, but you will also be cold. Ingebretsen's has two sides: the gift shop side and the meat shop side. Here's something important to note: the gift shop side takes credit cards and all manner of payment. The meat shop side is a cash-or-check business. You can't pay for your meat-shop-stuff over on the other side, either. The lefse, krumkake and meats are all top-notch. You'll also find pre-made gravy and lutefisk (if that's your thing) and lingonberry and cloudberry jams/jellies. And the gifts? Glass and wood objects, cooking implements (lefse griddle, anyone) and various other Scandinavian sundries are available. Scandinavian Christmas decor abounds at Christmas time.Ya know, it's just a nice place to be with decent folk.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,6/17/2013,11,34,2,6,2>I stopped in to grab a quick breakfast to-go and was overjoyed to find a huge pan of fresh baklava! The people behind the counter were wonderfully friendly, tucking silverware and napkins in with the slice I ordered to go, and after one minute I was on my way with this fabulously flaky & dense confection, which was clearly home-made this morning. In addition to a few varieties of pastry they had coffee, tea, and a wide variety of North African cuisine.  Plenty of cafe tables in the dining area for seating, the news playing on a big tv, and a back room with a billiards table and foosball. Next time I'm in the area, I'll definitely stop and try a real meal here!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/16/2013,67,50,3,7,3>I have sugar fantasies about this place. I CRAVE their doughnuts, American tea cakes and their fresh baked bread. They are the best bakery in Minneapolis hands down. The breads to the sweet stuff  are mouthwatering. Great prices. Great staff. and overall GREAT BAKED GOODS! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND a Baker's wife to EVERYONE in the world. They only take CASH or Check - so be prepared!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/15/2013,33,34,2,3,3>An amazing patio right on the river, sugary tiki drinks guaranteed to give you gut rot, good food, fun atmosphere, and decent happy hour... what's not to love??The 6 star worthy patio is the highlight of this place. It's huge (although you may still be hard-pressed to find a spot since it's so popular), sunny, and right on the river. And they're expanding it. That's right, awesome is expanding. The tiki drinks are really fun, and oftentimes fairly strong. I love their pricing structure - it lets you know how strong the drinks are. Plus, each one comes in a unique glass. I normally can't handle more than one because of the absurd sugar content, but it's fun for everyone at the table to order a different one and then sample, sample, sample.Food wise, the pizza is good and so are the tater tots. The brown sugar babies and friend green beans are phenomenal, although pricey, appetizers. Brunch is also delicious. Their bloody mary bar is pretty impressive (although cramped), and the food is good.See you there if summer ever decides to show up!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,6/14/2013,209,965,2,6,2>Excellent brunch! Probably one my favorite brunches so far. Great variety of home made delicious items.Highlights:-Eggs Benedict ( A popular item, it was always needing replenishing. Eggs were done perfect, bread a bit much, but still good)-Potatoes-Sausage-Fruit on skewers (Pineapple, Kiwi, Strawberry, Cantalope and all so fresh)-Deli meat-Green beans-Crepes w cream cheese and chives (a tad salty)-Fresh salads (The dressing was amazing one in our party said)-Chicken spinach stromboli thing was tasty.A wonderfully nice spread and great variety of breakfast and lunch items. Everyone in our party was fully satisfied by this brunch.Service was good. Pretty attentive in clearing plates and getting refills of the bottomless included n/a beverage.Excellent value for the price and excellent quality of food.Dining area is a bit cramped and I felt a little on top of visiting diners, but not a biggie.We all would return for the brunch.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,6/13/2013,28,134,2,4,2>One word that describes this place and it's....AMAZING!The staff was super friendly and helpful.  Our server knew the menu front and back and answered all the questions we had about the menu.  We had heard the buzz about this place and had to stop by and see if it was warranted.  The dining group tonight was five peopleOur server recommended the soup for starters, a champagne base with fingerling potato chips, black truffle powder and chopped chives.  The potato chips and truffle was at the bottom of the soup bowl that was placed in front of us and they poured the champagne base over.  The smell was just as wonderful as the taste, nice way to start a meal.Next we ordered our second course to share which were four dishes of Scallops, Octopus, pork belly and pasta.  Each course was as amazing as the next.  The scallops were cooked to perfection and were a perfectly paired with maitake mushrooms, parsnips, pancetta and maple.  The octopus was like a little tube steak, the circumference of a nickel and was surprisingly tender.  Pork was like eating a very tender slab of bacon that was about 3 inches thick.  The pasta was good with small chunks of squash mixed in.The main course, that I split with another, was chicken.  Not very adventurous at a regular dining establishment but they really know how to make a very creative dish unlike mom used to make (sorry mom).  They had two very big square chicken "nuggets" with white meat on either side of dark meat with a cornbread outer layer made into a square.  There was also a very tender thigh piece that was in a round disk.  The chicken was served on ultra creamy buttered mashed potatoes, with gravy and a pouched egg in the center.The food was just right, I didn't go home stuffed but I didn't think I could handle dessert without unbuckling my pants a bit.This place is one of the hot spots in the city and is a must go if you are in the area.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/12/2013,133,174,2,8,4>OK, I don't have enough positive adjectives to describe Frattalone's. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I walk into this place I am astonished at how wonderful, knowledgeable and friendly the staff is; they never, ever disappoint.My last visit was a couple days ago - as I walked up one of the kind employees opened the door for me, asking what he could help me find; I pulled out my trusty list and off we went. When I pulled out my reusable bag to carry my items the gentleman instead grabbed a basket and offered to carry it around the store for me while we found the items I needed. I also needed some specialty things cut. I got a tour of the basement to check out various options. While he cut my plastic he told me to check out the scraps to see if anything could fit my needs, I found some scraps that worked and they were gratis. I seriously cannot say enough wonderful things about this place. I will spend every $ I have at this place over a big box store any day, even if it costs me a little bit more. The customer service is worth every penny - plus they have a phenomenal rewards program!It is the little things that keep me coming back somewhere and recommending a place to others. Kudos to Frattalone's for getting it right - a well stocked store with employees who actually give a damn. You have a customer for life.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/20/2013,97,74,3,5,4>Eli's East is one of my go-to places in Northeast for breakfast, lunch, AND dinner...and there aren't many restaurants on my radar that I can say that about.There are many reasons why I love Eli's East. So let me count the ways...Firstly, the restaurant itself is pretty basic with a touch of class and is always clean. Secondly, the drinks flow freely from beer to wine to cocktails.  Thirdly, PATIO. Fourthly, the food is a delicious take on standard American fare for both breakfast and lunch/dinner menus(my favorite is the portabella sandwich for which my mouth waters daily) .  Fifthly, Eli's East does a great job of changing up specials and offering seasonal fare.  Sixthly, the service, while quite slow at times, is generally very friendly and accommodating.  Seventhly, I enjoy this location for it is tucked back in a special place in Northeast Minneapolis (albeit their small parking lot is not accommodating at times).  Eighthly, the food is very reasonably priced. Expect to spend about $10 - $15 (sans drinks) on lunch/dinner and $10 on breakfast.If you're looking for an above average casual dining experience with great food and atmosphere, I suggest shimmying on down to Eli's for a stiff cocktail and a sandwich. Honestly, any sandwich will do.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,10/19/2013,50,37,2,4,3>A friend recently recommended Highland Grill for brunch and bored of my normal spots I followed his advice.  Since then, it has become a solid part of the rotation.  Their menu is a great mix of quality and creativity. For brunch, they have all the standards like pancakes and bacon.  However, they have a nice selection of Mexican themed brunch items like burritos and fish tacos.  For dinner I have had their tempura green beans which are wonderful.  Their lamb burger which was quite nice and I can wait to try some sort of corn waffle and pork concoction that caught my eye next time.  On top of the great food, they also have a decent selection of beer which seems to be a must for any aspiring restaurant around here.  So, if you haven't tried it, I can't recommend this place more.  They really have some great innovative food for a really reasonable price.  Mix that with good beer and a nice location and you are in business.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,10/18/2013,45,42,2,4,5>In my previous review, my coworker picked up the massive, magical morsels that i love so much. This morning I was able to experience the physical magic of isles bun and coffee,  and I fell even more in love. When I arrived at isles bun, it was close to lunch time, but this place was as busy as ever - the buns were flying out the door as quick as they were coming out the oven. My fresh out of the oven cinnamon roll was heaven on a plate. As I bit into the warm luscious center, there was an undeniable incandescence from my mouth as every taste bud lit up from the sweet, buttery benevolence. the light, whipped cream cheese frosting supplemented the sweetness from the roll itself without competing with the ungracefully gooey goodness.In short, I fell in love with isles at first bite; I fell head over heals with isles at first fresh out of the oven bite.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/17/2013,20,21,3,6,5>It's hard to find a decent popover in this town, unless you're at a country club or dining at the Oak Street Grill, but really--ain't nobody got time for that on their lunch hour! That is unless you are hit up the skyway-level Brother's Deli. Across the skyway from Chipotle, this place doesn't look like much from the outside, which is probably why it took me more than four years to find my way there. Now I can't seem to eat anywhere else during the winter months, except Andrea's Pizza, that is (sorry, BD, the food trucks always win out spring - fall). Between my friends and I, we've tried a range of menu items, from reubans to their plays on fresh and grilled turkey sandwches and even their salmon is tasty. This place is legit! It is my love of the popover that brought me to one surprising menu item that I can't get enough of -- the Thai crunch chicken salad. Oh. My. God. Divinity off of Nicollet Avenue! Yes, it is really strange that a Jewish deli is serving a Thai salad but don't question, just eat it! Blended together in just the right lettuce-to-topping-protein ratio are: edamame, chicken, wonton strips, napa and red cabbage, cucumbers, red peppers, carrots and peanuts; which are then tossed in a light  lime-cilantro dresssing and topped with spicy peanut sauce. To make it even better, you get a barely sweet, super eggy popover and honey-butter with your salad. As if this place could get any cooler, there's also a salad bar for all customers to enjoy. To be clear, as a certified germaphobe, I'm no salad bar eater. Here, I make an exception but only becuase of one thing--their potato salad! I don't know what their secret it but what they've got going on puts all other potato salads to shame (mom's, standard mustard, egg, German, you name it). Somehow BD has managed to marry smashed potatoes and potato salad via a mix of green onions and what I suspect to be sour cream and mayo. No matter how big your order is, leave room for the potato salad--it's a mouth experience you won't soon forget. The only reason BD doesn't get five stars from me is it really is hard to find a place to sit when you eat there, so I always make sure to go after 1, when it is a bit (but only a bit) quieter. When you do find a seat, though, the tables are often dirty because there's no time for cleanup (althought there certainly should be) when people are churning and burning through the restaurant. Also, the customer service is meh--meaning they're busy and they don't have time to hear you hmm and haw over what to order. It's kind of soup Nazi-like in that way. How does one not waffle when ordering at BD, though? By looking at their menu online ahead of time. Their menu is massive, so it really is a good idea to spend some time reflecting before you go. You just can't go wrong with BD, no matter what you order or the distance you travel for your lunchtime fare. And for real, don't forget the potato salad!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,10/16/2013,10,81,4,8,8>This place is amazing!!! I've lived down the street for 5 yrs and never been since it looks a little like a hole in the wall. However, inside is quaint but you will only be here for the food. We started out sharing each of the empanadas on the appetizer menu. Both delicious but the beef one was by far my fave. For our entrees I got the mahi econcados. The coconut sauce on this dish had me salivating for days. It was unbelievable! I stopped eating everything else on the plate (rice) that was "wasting my time" so I could finish all of the fish. My bf ordered the llapingachos com chorizo. This dish literally had it all. He was so confused on where to start, but don't worry he got a rhythm going and cleaned his plate. Be sure to order a side of aji Verdi to dip everything in because this sauce is fantastic!Someone in another post said they had every intention of eating one of the best tres leches but were just too full to do it. I thought we'll eat half our meal and take the rest home so we had room for it. You too will discover its nearly impossible to stop eating here.  Take a chance and you'll have the best meal of your life!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/15/2013,30,133,2,4,3>Two things to remember - $10 lunch special and happy hour. Both are some of the best downtown!The $10 lunch special is really a fantastic deal. The food is delicious, you get a ton of choices, and the service is generally pretty speedy. I especially love the chicken taco, guacamole, jicama/mango salad and chicken tortilla soup. If you get a torta as one of your options, they also throw in some delicious chips on the side.The happy hour is also great. I am a huge fan of their sangria, particularly the espumosa. As for food, there are four tacos on special -- chicken, fish, pork and skirt steak -- and each are only $2.50! They have other sharables as well. The only issue is that seats in the bar fill up pretty quickly, so get there early (unless it's nice out, when you'd have your pick of several tables along Nicollet Mall).Also, I have to note - thank you Masa for starting to deliver the little salt containers along with the the chips and salsa. I was always bothered by the fact that the chips were unsalted and there was never any salt on the table. (Seriously, what's the point of unsalted tortilla chips?) I really appreciate this new development!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,10/14/2013,52,134,2,4,3>Does your 8 year old NEED to learn origami only to NEED to learn calligraphy two weeks later? Problems solved.Any art related thing can be found here. They even have a room just for kids art/craft supplies and kits which I always go to for birthday gifts.The best part of this store is the staff. People greet you as you walk in and ask if you need help. And then they help with a nice attitude.Knowing my 8 yr. old I'm sure we'll be back soon.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/13/2013,50,188,3,8,3>Seriously awesome sandwiches on fresh bread.  I always get the Mr. T, a fantastic turkey sandwich.  It's not advertised, but you can always ask for a 1/2 sandwich.  Perfect for the smaller stomachs out there!If you see the carrot cake in the refrigerated case on your way out, get a slice.  It is mouth-wateringly delicious.  Definitely some of the best cake I've ever had.  Weird that it's from a deli.As others have said, Nelson is take-out only (no seating inside or anywhere nearby), so plan accordingly.  I'd recommend heading up to Como Park to enjoy lunch by some beautiful nearby lakes!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,10/12/2013,87,96,2,4,5>Art. Pure Art. That's what came to my mind when I pondered about my experience at The Soap Factory. After all, even the building itself looks like a work of some imaginative thinker. Why? It'd take a genius to expect an arts gallery to be placed inside an old abandoned sh*thole-lookalike building. When I first strolled past the place, it was being renovated and the caution tapes made me think of a horrid murder scene. Funny enough, I've actually been wanting to go to this very place since I first moved to MPLS since I'm an arts geek at heart. But it wasn't until one sunny day when I decided to go there that I finally put two and two together. When I went inside, I was blown away that 1) It was free, and 2) there were no dead bodies! I don't know what the exact theme was at the time, but I'm guessing it's related to recycling since there were random pieces of flip-flops and tires assembled together into one fine piece of...art. Pardon my tongue-in-cheek language, but I truly did loved my experience at The Soap. I admired the talent behind all the masterpieces that I saw, and I even scored some pics to share with you guys. I'd highly suggest you take a date there without first explaining what The Soap Factory is, especially when it's darker outside. The reaction you get might make for a good kodak moment.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,10/11/2013,170,391,,5,6>We just spent half the day drinking gallons of tea at Verdant. What an excellent little spot. Thankfully, because it's just a few blocks from my work, I think I will make this a regular affair. The tea is priced fair, the food from Birchwood is perfect and the drinks are delicious.My friends and I had the tea Laoshan tea flight and the daily specials, a Pu'eh Palmer and Mango Aloe Jasmine tea. Everything was just fantastic.Service was fast and friendly, and the space is beautiful. Can't wait to stop back in!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,10/22/2011,87,290,2,3,3>As a disclaimer I'll state that I am by no means a sommelier, but I do like wine; though I seldom find a correlation between the price of a bottle of wine and how much I enjoy it. Oh, and I also shamelessly plug most places in Lowertown too...With that said, Bin is a very approachable, comfortable and friendly wine bar overlooking the north end of Mears Park. The ambiance is trendy, yet somewhat relaxed and casual, while the architecture is similar to that of most buildings in Lowertown - high wooden ceilings, exposed brick and duct work, etc. Bin offers a fairly sizable list of whites, reds, bubbles and port - many as reasonably priced tastings or by the glass. The list of affordable bottle options also keeps things approachable for most customers. They also have a decent scotch and bottled beer list to appeal to those preferring a different sort of pour.Finally, Bin serves up some decent light fare, including; flatbreads, various cheeses, salads, a seasonal charcuterie and sandwiches. The clam and tuna flatbreads I have tried have been pretty good and the pot brownie dessert is worth ordering based on kitsch alone.Coupled with consistently friendly service and a happy hour from 4 - 7 PM offering buy-one-get-one cheeses and deals on lighter fare I certainly don't have any reservations recommending Bin.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,10/19/2011,114,185,3,5,4>Should I even be writing this review?Unique furniture finds. Think modern + country farm + vintage + West Elm + Pottery Barn + Anthropologie.I found a set of beautiful drawers I wanted -- it was refinished with a delicate layer of paint and new round wooden knobs, but it was already sold. I was even more disappointed when I saw that it was only $189. :'(For now, Piccadilly Prairie is only open a few days a month. See website for hours.Keep it a half-secret. Sshhhh. Wow, this review hurts....but...must...share.---9/23/2011Today I found a neat vintage fire extinguisher lamp! Siouxzi was very helpful and she noticed the way I notice things. She got a good sense of what kind of interior styles I was into and pointed out things I might like in the store.Oh, and Siouxzi also plugged in a lamp every time I said one looked interesting.She also said she could re-finish a framed chalkboard for an extra $5-10. Sweet!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,10/18/2011,16,110,2,4,4>I've already reviewed the Town Hall Brewery but I couldn't go without giving this place it's deserved 5 stars as well.I actually prefer the tap because of it's neighborhood feel, kind of "cheers" like or something like that.Like the brewery the tap has a great and above average menu. I absolutely love the black bean burger. This is not some frozen crappy veg burger they just tossed on the menu for good measure. This thing is massive and probably the best bean burger I've ever had.The beer selection is very similar to the brewery which should be pretty obvious. They always have something on cask, which for me is one of those things I look for in a good beer place, very few places have casks on hand.Not only do they have their TH beers on tap, they also have other guest beers their which is pretty awesome. Not that they're needed with the great TH selection but it's nice to see.At last, this review would not be complete if I didn't strongly urge you to try their Parkway Java Porter. This is my favorite porter by far. Super smooth milk chocolaty and with hints of coffee. Added bonus points for being relatively low ABV at somewhere around 5% or less so you can slam how ever many you want! Absolutely amazing.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,10/17/2011,271,845,,6,4>It's great to have another solid Chinese restaurant in the greater Uptown area. I came to Szechuan Spice with a few friends and we got to try a number of dishes.The mapo tofu ($10) was great: spicy; savory and hearty. Note that this dish uses silken tofu, which many people don't seem to like, but which I think is the only type of tofu that could work in this dish. It's pure Chinese down-home cooking.The Kung Pao tofu ($10) was also tasty, with little fried cubes of tofu and a savory, colorful mix of vegetables. Similarly, the Buddha vegetable ($10), a dish we were reluctant to order, ended up being surprisingly tasty. It wasn't just steamed vegetables in a white sauce; it was properly stir-fried and covered in a nice soy-garlic sauce devoid of cornstarch (thankfully, Szechuan Spice doesn't seem to use cornstarch in any of its dishes).Lastly, the eggplant in garlic sauce ($10) was great: fragrant and smooth. It wasn't as good as Evergreen's "house style eggplant with basil," but it came close; if Szechuan Spice put fresh basil in their dish, they'd be awfully close to Evergreen in terms of quality on this dish.The service was friendly and prompt. Portion sizes were good and enough to produce leftovers.On a whole, Szechuan Spice is a winner. As other reviewers have noted, Little Szechuan in St. Paul is better, and Evergreen in Minneapolis is also better, but Szechuan Spice shouldn't be ashamed to take third place behind those two giants.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,10/16/2011,30,108,3,8,7>GLORY HALLELUJAH! Finally I have finally found good Indian food in the Twin Cities! I have had a couple of places, which fell flat and could not compare the curry masterpieces I used to enjoy at my local haunt back in CA...but this place is AWESOME. I had the channa saag which was perfectly spiced. Bad Indian food lacks the complexity that these curries definitely packs. Naan was awesome. Service was good, during lunch anyway. Awesome ambience too. I'm a fan!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/15/2011,534,142,2,11,9>I love almost all the ethnic restaurants in the Twin Cities area. They cater to their demographic and blend in Western cuisine to some extent. Being an Indian (East for dummies), I had the luxury of growing up eating different cuisines like Mughalai, Afghani, Middle Eastern etc. My wife and I ordered the fried eggplant appetizer which is served with bread.  The eggplant is covered with yogurt, cucumbers and tomatoes. It is the Indian equivalent of Raita. It was really good and easy on the stomach. We also ordered the Biryani, which is one of the things my hometown, Hyderabad is popular for. Babani has their own way of making biryani just like everyone else around the world. That's not to say, its bad. I liked it and the portion was big enough to share with my wife. For dessert, I ordered the baklava, which was by far the best baklava I had in MN. I thought Shish's was good until I tasted it here. It just melts in your mouth. Decor and pictures on the wall are truly ethnic and go well with the place.Nice place to dine once in a while to feel close to home.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,10/14/2011,949,964,5,4,2>I was visiting a friend in this area, and this was suggested. The menu did seem limited. I wasn't told til after we ordered they were out of the meatloaf sandwich. I got the burger with sour cream and onion, which was absorbed into the bun. This was not my week for ordering burgers, as a matter of fact it falls in the 3 strikes category. This being the third for disappointments. However my friend's egg salad sandwich was delicious. The fries were pretty good too and half is a huge order. With so many leftover I may just make my own meatloaf tonight. The place is retro with a few things that don't sit right. For instance no toaster for a sandwich on toast. The cluster of waitresses is cool, but the look doesn't fit. Maybe it's the all white rather than pink or black uniforms. They do look more like nurses. The single bathroom has a very tall toilet, lots of room. That's more or less what made me up it a star. I'm sure the closing of the beloved Pearson's is drawing a lot of customers this way.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,10/13/2011,82,170,3,4,3>I have been going to Happy Nails for years and have never been disappointed. A lot of nail places come and go but this place has been successful. It's nothing special inside and tends to feel a little crowned when it gets real busy. You might even question yourself when you first walk in the door but be assured you'll have a good experience. With some recent updates and addition of chairs it's taken on a nice "new look". It's a "family" operation and Holly is the owner. All the staff are very friendly and aiming to please. They offer coupons in local advertisements but usually those prices are not any different than what's offered in the salon. Mani-pedi combined is $30 to $35 depending upon if you go the "deluxe" route.  It's a great deal and don't see why someone would want to pay $50 plus in the higher end salons when you can get the same end result.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,10/12/2011,119,73,2,7,6>Adorable.  Not sure if there is any other word to describe this tiny coffee shop!It is tiny inside with about 6 (?) tables.  However, stop by on a sunny day, because they have a secret backyard table complete with a mosaic table, wooden chairs, hedges, and a mysterious staircase.  Very enchanting!Another noteworthy item:  their cappuccino!  After returning from Italy, I have been on a hunt for close-to-comparable cappuccinos...to no avail.  In the Twin Cities, this is by far the best substitute I have tasted yet! This place makes me crave coffee, sunshine, and a good book.  I will be back!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/11/2011,72,159,1,3,3>Can we talk about the definition of AMAZING!?  Imagine a small restaurant in a cute Italian town, with a variety of wine, great atmosphere, and can we talk about the food!?  It was my birthday so my boyfriend wanted to take me to dinner, and we read the reviews and we were worried because we thought we would have to wait.  We got lucky and had a table for 2 right away!We started with each a glass of wine (the wine list mainly has bottles of wine with a small selection of per glass.. but there is a variety for sure.)  We started with an app which was delicious!  My boyfriend ordered the number 14 (braised beef with spicey italian sausage and homemade pasta) and none of that came home with us, I ordered 18 (which was told to be a favorite of the restaurant - and if I go back there is a 95% chance that will be in my face again). I haven't tried pasta like that before.  The pasta was light but full of flavor.Will I go back - possibly every week.. bring on the Italia in the Americana.. :)
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,2/28/2010,441,746,17,14,10>I am so over the moon happy with Black Blue, and the folks I met there today, and the Yoo* "sweatshirt" I purchased.To say that I was stalking this place is an understatement.  You know how I am (cheeky monkey anybody).  But I knew this was going to be special, so I didn't obsess too much.  Caveat:  Two nights ago I slipped a note under the door asking them to call or email me when they open, and they did.Ok.  I will let you off the tenter hooks and tell you now that this is a Men's Boutique.Let me rephrase that.  This is a boutique the likes of which you will find in New York or San Francisco.Bare bulbs hang from the ceiling, tennis rackets cross themselves restfully on the wall, and an old wood ironing board sits open next to a pair of long ski's. In the center is a wood table with sweaters, and one entire wall is a cool display of shoes (Generic Surplus now, Tretorn soon).And the best part?  There isn't a single bird or tree embroidered on any of the shirts!  Can you imagine that?  I knew there wouldn't be, just from driving and walking by and pressing my face to the glass (sorry about the smudge marks) at two in the morning...I don't want to give it all away, but you have to go and check it out.*what, you don't know the designer Hyden Yoo?  Me either.  That is the beauty of Black Blue.  You don't know them now, but you certainly may in the future!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2009,2/27/2010,57,68,,9,8>Too often gyms don't push their members to be their best. They make it more of a "do what you feel is good" than a "here's what will take you where you need to go." In a sense, fitness can be very personal, but then again, you don't go to a doctor to have him say "whatever you want to do to treat this illness is up to you." No, you want advice, you want professionals who know their stuff. You want to change, maintain, be alive. If health and fitness are important to you and you live in the Twin Cities, then seriously consider The Firm. It will move you from a comfortable place (eg, treadmill, bouncy ball, swimming laps, weights, etc) to a challenging place. Where else can you basically gargle your lungs while doing a step class with a costume- or speedo-clad Doug? Or learn to spin with the rambunctious Laura? Or go through a boxing rotation with Ted? If you're into challenging yourself to be better, do better, feel better, The Firm is for you. In the space of six weeks as a member, I've been able to up my fitness from meh to not bad, and am on the road to fantastically fit. It's not for everyone and you get a free week to decide. It's not easy to commit to a fit lifestyle--we have a lot of distractions--but as Doug on Saturday morning says in step "you are lucky to be alive, to be healthy, to be able to do this." In a world increasingly sedentary and scarily obese, it can be motivating to see your health dramatically increase because of this place.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,2/26/2010,131,140,4,4,4>Cool Atmosphere, good service and overall good food. Plus Kirby used to hang here! And I don't mind the cougars purr, I tend to find them rather amusing. For dinner the ribs are really good and the rotisserie chicken is excellent as far as chicken goes. If you come for lunch the pulled pork sandwich is killer. And for dessert you can't go wrong with their key lime pie, I swear they have some secret ingredient in the graham cracker crust that makes it extra good. This is a fun place to come every once in awhile, and I actually think it's a fun place to go on a date. Then again, it's probably equally as fun if you don't have a date!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,2/25/2010,163,151,,7,2>Bar - check.Champagne Flights - check.Port Flights - check.Tasting menu - check.Casual Patio - check.Formal - check.Minneapolis is schizo about food - meaning we LIKE it, but we don't want to PAY for it.  WA Frost delivers on all fronts, without have an identity crisis.This place delivers because you get what you pay for.  Period. If I can get away with three fingers of 12 year old scotch for $20, a FLIGHT of port for $20, and an entree for $15 - all within an atmosphere that is approachable, yet makes me sit straight in my chair...I am MORE than happy, I'm content.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,2/24/2010,59,455,4,3,4>I used to frequent this place all the time when I lived over by 7 Corners. Something in me wishes I still did, but whatever. I enjoy the fact that they are open all night, it really was nice to have a place with Internet to go do homework away from my apartment at like 2-3 in the morning. It was always that place that I used to go to escape the roommates and my apartment in general.. I've never gotten food here, so I cannot really comment on that. But I have drank a lot of coffee here. Pretty much just lattes and plain coffee though. I must say, it is good. I loved when you could smoke inside too, that was highly enjoyable.  Everyone would be chillin, working, and enjoying themselves. I loved it.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,2/23/2010,139,324,3,7,6>Just an update on beer prices because it doesn't look like they have updated their website yet...  They now price their taps by tier.  Ex: PBR is a Tier 1, Summit is a Tier 2, most microbrews (like the super yummy Dark Horse Brown Trout Porter that I had several of the other night!) are Tier 3.  There are a couple of exclusions, like the 11%-ers.  I am not 100% clear on how the pricing works and, honestly, I think they are still working it out.  The range for prices at happy hour was $2.50-$4.50.  On Saturday nights from 7-11, they were doing tiers 1 and 2 for $2.50 and tier 3 for $3.50.  (it used to be 3-7pm every day happy hour: $3 microbrews/$2 domestics and then Saturday 7-11pm happy hour: $2 for most taps).  Still a good deal, but be prepared to do a little math.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,2/22/2010,223,363,13,6,7>At the tender age of twenty-something, I have the habits of an old person; I enjoy early dinners, grumbling at people younger than me, and watching my fiber intake. As per the habit of elderly people, I also like to go bowling.Elsie's has all-you-can-bowl for $9 - shoe rental included - from Sunday to Thursday evenings, from 9:30pm-1am. We went on a Sunday night at 9ish. They have a lot of great beers on tap; I highly recommend the Milk Stout from Left Hand. It's smooth with a lot of roasty chocolately overtones. Regarding stouts, I prefer it to Guinness.By 10, I would say that the bowling alley was filling up, while the bar was still pretty empty. Also on Sundays, they combine black light bowling AND metal music during their AYCB. It was kind of awesome.I won't comment on my bowling scores - what can I say, it's been awhile - but I am definitely coming back to Elsie's. Just after I finish this glass of prune juice.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,2/21/2010,8,59,,7,5>This place is POPULAR! As it should be. So if you are STARVING, be prepared for a wait and bring some crackers or something. BF and I arrived around 7:45 on a Thursday and had to wait like 20 mins.The fish is just as good as everyone says it is. Its a big fillet of cod and the batter is light and crunchy. The chips are chippy and good. Our server was prompt and nice and filled my DC like two seconds after I was done with the first glass (I didn't even have to flag her down!)Awesome.My only complaint, if there is one, is that the vinegar is white. I prefer malt vinegar. I literally had to soak my chips and it seeped through the paper on the bottom...whoopse.  I like vinegar, ALOT.It was great, I will be back again and again. Thank god for the Anchor. Minneapolis needed a good fish and chip place.--I think someone else mentioned that they need a curtain or something around the door area...there is no vestibule and I'm betting it could get real cold in there if they don't do something about it. In fact it was kinda chilly in there when I was visiting...
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,2/20/2010,38,55,10,7,9>Full disclosure: It's been years since I've really been a fan of the bar scene.I'm tired of paying ridiculous prices for precious drinks in fragile glasses. I'd rather drink, talk, and play Pictionary at home than drink, talk, and share a restroom with a sad drunk 22-year old, or worse, a sad, drunk 50-year old.  And don't get me started on the ladies from the suburbs who think they're in a Sex and the City movie if they hit the right club.That said, if I have to go out to a schmancy bar, this is the sort of bar I wanna go to.  It's not loud. The service is good. Drinks are well-mixed.  Small plates are yummilicious--especially the mini burgers. I love the Loring Park location, and the bar itself offers a variety of spaces--tables, bar, sofas, and open areas--that provide the backdrop for whichever kind of evening you're looking for--dinner with friends, bar crawl, intimate evening for two.  It's a D'Amico & Sons property, so they know what they're doing.No question, it's pricey.  No question, you'll still run into those suburban moms looking for their night on the town.  No question, I'd still rather be at home with Pictionary.  But if you gotta do it, do it right. Right like Bar Lurcat.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,2/19/2010,90,194,4,8,5>Don't ask how we ended up at this place, but I was glad we did. It sits right on the river, and has a huge, great deck that over looks it.  Perfect for a beautiful evening. We even spotted a huge bald eagle, which was pretty cool.  The place used to be called Rum Runners back in the day, I guess.  I had heard of it, but never had been there.The place from the outside looks kinda like a hole in the wall. Inside, not too bad. They have huge floor to ceiling windows that over looks the river, if you want the view but prefer to eat indoors. There's a small dance floor and couches that surround a DJ stand, so I assume it turns into a night club of sorts later in the evening. Our visit started out a little rough. There was a sign that said to seat ourselves, so I asked the bartender if there was full service on the patio, he said yes, so we went out and sat down. We waited, and waited and waited. At the time, there was only one other occupied table on the patio. They had food and drinks, so I figured a waitress had to come out at some point. She did. And she ignored us. Not once, but like 5 times. At this point we had been there for like 15 minutes. We contemplated leaving, but I thought, where else, on a Friday night, on one of the first nice days out, are we going to find space on a patio at this point? Plus, I was starving! So, I finally went inside and asked a different waitress if anyone was planning on helping us. She sincerely apologized and said someone would be right out. As I walked back, I over heard her asking the waitress that had ignored us if she was planning to help us, and she clearly stated that she would not help us. That's weird. I have no idea why she didn't want to help us. She never spoke to us or came any where near us, so there is no way we could have upset her. Whatever. So the other waitress came out right away took our food & drink orders and was very friendly and pleasant. Our food came quickly was was excellent. Strange that I am saying this about a simple wrap sandwich and fries, but it was really, really good! Pretty cheap as well, I believe the meals were only about $6.95 a piece. It was also 2 for one on beer and rail drinks. Other than the weird waitress experience, and the fact that there was constant smoking going on out on the patio, we really like the place and plan to go back. It's also about 1 mile from the Coon Rapids Dam, which we visited after our meal. I am always up for a place with a great patio with a nice view that isn't packed, that has good food. This place fit the bill.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,7/30/2014,90,60,1,5,5>Every time I've been to the MN history Center I've been impressed by their exhibits, the current feature of prohibition was one of the best! At first I was surprised to see elementary age kids there but then the exhibits are really made for all ages. There's a dance floor with the markings for learning the Charleston steps, a photo booth for taking your bootlegger mug shot, trivia iPads... Tons of interactive components. On top of that if you want to read all the signs, different sides of prohibition are presented keeping even the most knowledgeable audiences engaged. We had two hours just in that exhibit and it flew by! If you want to see the whole museum, you'll need more time!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/29/2014,162,217,7,10,7>Welcome to MN Yard House!After years of dining at their Pasadena & Long Beach locations, I was thrilled to find out they would be making the trek Eastward.  Any time someone would come into town I would bring them to the Yard House and each time they would agree how well they would do in MN.I had dinner with friends on Sunday and the new spot did not disappoint.  The food, service, and atmosphere was exactly what I grew to love from their CA counterpart. I was beyond thrilled to find out they had identical (or damn near close) Happy Hour menus.  I am telling you, they have the BEST happy hour in all of MN.  The food is amazing and for the drinkers, the dranks be poppin.  Our waitress was as good as can be.  Super attentive, down to Earth, knowledgeable while not be annoying, and just "on it".  It is beyond refreshing to dine in a place that just "gets it".Welcome to MN, I am so glad you're here!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,7/28/2014,34,146,4,6,4>Finally ate here... After listening to friends and coworkers for years tell me about how good and tasty local steakhouse is.  Not sure why I didn't try it sooner!Lots of bang for your buck!First they start out by bringing you a relish tray to snack on, next comes the amazing popovers, and finally the unique tangerine salad... Mind you, this isn't part of your meal at all!  So when we went ahead and ordered an appetizer right away, little did we know we had all that pre-course stuff coming!As an appetizer we opted for the shrimp cocktail... And it was delicious... Although they didn't provide horseradish with it, the shrimp were still as tasty as can be.  I ordered a horseradish crusted fillet with shrimp, which was prepared perfectly... However, after dinner I realized my stomach could not handle THAT MUCH horseradish!  Nice ambiance, friendly and attentive staff, prices fair and a nice location.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,7/27/2014,97,67,7,5,7>Oh Bessy, thank you for your sacrifice. Thank you that you laid down your precious life to be remembered as a delicious, well-fed roamer. Your troubled days are over and we have all celebrated your life on the altar of porcelain plates.I must give credit where credit is due, and that animal sure was delicious. By now you've well assumed I ate a burger upon my visit. You are correct. The Barcelona (extra points if you say it with a lisp like the Spanish locals) had my early attention. Let me save you time: beef, manchego, prosciutto, piquillo pepper & smoked aioli. It was rather filling, but I will say it was a bit salty. Could be seasoning, could be the prosciutto. Certainly paired well with a brew. Oh, now I see the brilliance.Two more things to note. My friends and I had the cheese curds. YUP. They live up to legend and are worth every penny. They were so light and savory. We also finished the meal out with the coveted donut holes served with ice cream. I actually wasn't impressed and a bit disappointed here. I'm a donut lover and was hoping for warm, sugary, goodness. What I got was a non-special donut hole, nothing to brag about.I wouldn't call it the best burger in town, but I really enjoyed my time and am looking forward to devouring another burger!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,7/26/2014,29,417,6,8,5>Solid happy hour / dinner spot.  Small patio is nice in the summertime.  Full bar and a pretty extensive menu.  Their apps are really good - cheese curds and fried pickles are favorites.  I'ave had dinner here a few times too and the burgers/sandwiches are better than average.  I did try a bowl of french onion soup and it was pretty bland, but everything else I've had there is good.Plenty of TV's for whatever sports event is going on, and they play pretty decent music (if you don't like it, there's a jukebox).
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/25/2014,78,58,7,8,6>Docle Vita! This delicious addition to Cosetta's tops the list of authentic Italian dessert destinations in the Twin Cities. The marble top bar was shipped in piece by piece and is a wonder to behold (along with their gelato selection!). Their authentic Italian Lavazza coffee is strong and bold, and their macarons are DIVINE!! I just sampled the Strawberry Prosecco flavor, and it still had that 'bubbly' taste!! You feel like you stepped out of St. Paul and straight into a cafe along the streets of Venice.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,7/24/2014,21,45,5,9,5>I have now had two incredible experiences at Seven. I first came here for happy hour on their rooftop this summer (before my yelp days) - amazing. I loved all their apps. My date and I split the sunfish sliders, beef tips, and a few sushi rolls. It's been awhile so I can't speak to specifics, but I recall being beyond satisfied with everything we ordered. Their rooftop is probably one of my favorites in the summer as it is right in the heart of downtown Minneapolis. Hoping that I hadn't romanticized the food just because I'd had a swell date on an equally sweltering day (OK, I'll stop trying to be clever), I decided to give Seven another shot for restaurant week. I am so glad I did! I selected their butternut squash soup for an appetizer (creamy, rich, and sweet), their filet with risotto for dinner (the filet was smooth as butter -- better even than Burch! -- and the risotto was full of flavor. Overall, a bit salty though.), and the brownie for dessert (OMG decadent). We were also served a variety of breads with a delightful honey butter. It took a lot of self-control to not spoil my appetite for the rest of the meal by eating my way through the warm, soft bread and sweet butter.Service was great! Our waitress was very friendly, and helped recommend wines for my brother and me -- neither of  whom are regular wine drinkers but we decided to be classy for the night. Speaking of classy, I'd definitely dress nicely to come here. I felt out of place in nice jeans and a blazer. Also, don'ts forget cash to tip the coat check and/or valet!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,7/23/2014,44,90,2,5,5>If you need a nice place to go dinner with your whole family, look no further than The Lowbrow! Serving grass-fed beef burgers and classed up dishes like fish sticks, The Lowbrow offers you the chance to eat like a grown-up while feeding both your inner child and your actual child. This place is really designed with families in mind. They've got a whole collection of highchairs, booster seats and infant carrier stands to accommodate kids of all ages.  The women's bathroom even has a changing table with a hook for a diaper bag right above it. I was disappointed that the men's room didn't have the same amenity... (I realize the place has a cool 40s vibe, but c'mon, what's up with that? Dad's can't change a diaper?)The food is great, though, so i put the bathroom issue pretty low on the list of detriments!  I got the fish sticks, which are made of whole white fish fillets and breaded with panko.  They are firm and delicious, and the tartar sauce is perfect.  The cole slaw that accompanies the dish is enough for one bite, but it's not anything to write home about, so complaining about the minuscule portion is a bit Allen-esque (youtube.com/watch?v=rrxl…).  Anyhow, my wife got the burger and ate the whole thing.  She never eats the whole thing.  I was very disappointed in not getting her leftovers, but it is a sign that we'll definitely be coming back!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,7/22/2014,87,96,6,7,5>Every heard of the infamous Sofa King? Don't let the soft title fool you since he's the grandmaster of the grading system that few ever use for food, except for the few businesses that truly makes an exceptional impression upon the reviewer. After last nite, The Lowry definitely earned a very special commendation from me as Sofa King good. The happy hour menu there definitely had the little piggy in me scream in joy (no pun-intended) while I devour away the delish goodies that were presented at my table. As someone who digs the greasy dishes, the fried chicken there was like manna from heaven for me. Their HH price also restored my faith in the restaurant system that places do exist where you can get something like 10 pieces of chicken for only 5 bucks. The oysters there were also fresh and complimented well with the cocktail sauce that came out with it. I could go on and on about the other HH items I got there, but, alas, I'll just end this review by re-emphasizing my grading of this place: The Lowry is THAT Sofa King good, so don't miss out.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/21/2014,43,176,4,7,5>After a year of membership, I'm happier than ever about the selection of foods that I purchase here and I have adopted as staples.  The pack your own eggs are spectacular little works of nature's art.   My kids look forward to picking out the prettiest and packing them into the carton and they really do taste wonderful.  Rudi's Organic bread is also our favorite.  There are so many unique products that are carried here, I found many little gifts here to spread the love to family and friends. The staff here are always so friendly and helpful. One thing that I have to laugh about now is the $11.00 cauliflower that I picked up here; I didn't notice the price until I got home.  It was $4.50 per pound, not each.  All the positives far out weigh the very few negatives.  So for some items that are priced too high, I purchase elsewhere.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/1/2014,24,111,5,7,4>Had to write a review for this location as my previous was for the MOA location. Went yesterday for the Sunday Blues Brunch. This is my 4th time going and by far it was the best yet. I happen to know a thing or 2 about these brunches (and my waistline shows it) but this has to be one of the best brunches in the Cities. It has gone up in price...but now has PRIME RIB. And not some dried out piece of sad meat pretending to be prime rib, it is the real deal. Everything, I mean everything, I had was fresh and delicious. For the price you can kind of expect it but they delivered. Service was excellent, everyone had a smile on their face. The band was great as well. Oh, almost forgot to mention, $3 build your own Bloodys, greyhounds, screwdrivers too.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,4/30/2014,68,56,7,9,5>Chino Latino is a reaching B+.  Been here a couple times.  The latin-asian fusion theme is working - I wasn't sad about the fish tacos or lettuce wraps (Korean cup or Black Laab).  The serving style is a mix between tapas and family style, which is fun for big groups.  But let's be real, if you're going (without a reservation) on a Friday or Saturday evening, all you really want is a huge ass drink because you had to wait an hour + for your table.  Normally I stay faithful to IPAs, but it's worth it to try something like the "Ofrenda de Catrina."Why the B+, then, if the food and drink are really quite good? Well, a couple reasons:1.  I think the Chino is a little overrated.  It's kind of the place where people from the suburbs go for their "big night out in the city."  Also, I swear there is a high school prom going on every time we go.  A weird number of dressed up high schoolers floating around in the joint.2. The atmosphere is trying a little too hard.  It's super dim and a bit clubby in there.  I just never feel totally relaxed at CL.3. Again, it takes forever to get seated.  Just plain annoying.  "DON'T YOU KNOW WHO WE ARE?!' Kidding.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,4/29/2014,186,89,2,4,3>I had a great experience buying a car from this organization.  I had called looking for a specific set of criteria I wanted for my next car.  They were polite on the phone.  I had talked to CJ.  The car was there when I showed up.  Sometimes it is hard to keep them depending on who is going to buy the car.  I had a great experience with Kirk Rose who I purchased the car from the dealership.  Their finance people were great explaining the rates and how they were derived.  The test drive was a good route and they were just a great all around dealership to deal with when buying a car.  I like the Morrie's promise for my car.  The oil changes and car washes add up.  I am a big fan of not having to negotiate prices.  I also like that they are not pressured by commission so it does not matter if you buy the most expensive car.  They actually walked me through some other cars that matched my mileage and price ranges.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,4/28/2014,75,147,9,11,6>Oh, Surdyk's. You had me at wine flight. But pass me a cheese plate and a soft pretzel because I'm staying for a while. Surdyk's Flights is the single most important stop you can make before boarding that plane. What better way to brace yourself before facing the screaming toddlers, guy who hasn't showered in a week, and 45 minute flight delay while stuck on the tarmac. Six hours on a plane? That's a long time to sit and anxiously await an end to the suffering. Better stop at Surdyk's first. With that in mind, I purposely arrived at the airport a few hours before my flight so I could chill at Surdyk's first. Yep, it's definitely worth spending additional time at the airport to come here. No worries if you have a morning flight because they open as early as 8am most days. They even serve wine and cheese plates during breakfast hours if you're looking for something more than the yummy breakfast fare. The food here is delicious and it will be my choice over the airport chain restaurants any day. Just check out the photos posted by Yelpers and you'll get a sense of what you have to look forward to. In addition to the lovely cheese and other food options, Surdyk's offers a large variety of wines to please every taste. If you like to try different wines, ask the bartender to recommend a wine flight. Then just sip and nosh while you read your Kindle book. Just the kind of relaxation you need before that flight. If you don't have time to dine at Surdyk's before your flight or if you want to avoid the high price of in-flight wines, buy a bottle of vino to take with you and ask the bartender to open it. You're already in the airport so there are no security restrictions on the amount of carry-on liquid. Wait, did I just make your day with that little tip? You're welcome. :-)
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,4/27/2014,32,79,3,5,4>I try to visit a restaurant a few times before writing a review. This will be my exception. I can say without a doubt, this review would be replicated every time I would visit Burch (but being that it's price range meets my special-occasions-only, it probably won't be as much as I wish it would).The service was awesome..again, just like you'd hope/expect at a place like Burch. And the vibe is chic and vibrant. Loud at first, but you quickly adjust and take it all in.We had the veal dumplings for an appetizer. Sososo good. The chili thread was a nice touch. Not too spicy but tons of flavor. My lovely date chose the New York prime beef steak (I can speak for a bite of it and it was delicious). I chose the hanger prime beef stake. Gotta say: for a $13 steak, it knocked my socks off. I didn't need that much steak, but the serving amount was impressive and it tasted delicious, too.Our sides were the carrots (chosen by our gut, confirmed by recommendation by the waitress) and puree potatoes. My favorite was the carrots, my date's was the potatoes. That should tell you both were phenomenal.Burch is clever in offering a side bite of truffle for a quarter on its dessert menu. Had to do it. Would do it again.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,4/26/2014,49,61,3,7,4>Yeah I know I'm late but I've recently discovered the Modern Times and so should you!There is an ad for the place posted behind the bar (perhaps from its opening), and it says it all: carnivore - vegetarian - vegan and baby, they cater to all types!Plus, the coffee's pretty dang good.My faves are the "jonathan richman," which is a delectibile vegetarian breakfast meal that delighted my meat-eating husband so much he had to order it a second time. The cabbie is another great breakfast sandwich if you are on the run.What's great is that, because they cater to all types, you can order a side of kale or mixed greens and they will come out properly seasoned and prepared.My latest is the evergreen: a big pile of kale cooked in garlic and tamarind topped with eggs and tempeh! Healthyyumminess.Sometimes I feel like I should have a couple more tattoos or piercings but don't worry, these folks will kindly serve you or your grandma.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,4/25/2014,66,90,4,9,6>I've been going to the Body Works + Abs classes with Kara at this location for over a year. She is amazing... and a little sadistic. I was warned, but the first time I attended one I almost couldn't walk the next day and it hurt to sneeze. She's not for the faint of heart, but I credit her with helping me lose the last of my baby weight (I have 18-month-old twins). The other instructors are fine, but there's no one like Kara. My toddlers don't like daycare, but they love the childcare here. The staff at the childcare are fantastic--plus it's like a wonderland in there, with cartoons playing, kid-friendly video games, a giant slide-and-tunnel set, and every toy you can think of. The layout is a little weird--you have to walk through the vast sea of weight machines to get to the locker rooms on the other side--but they have everything here, and it's always clean.Oddly, the pool seems to be closed an awful lot, but I don't use the pool so it doesn't really affect me.Update: Kara has moved to Panama! Nooooooooo! [shakes fist at the sky]. I'm giving the other instructors a fair shake, though, and we'll see if they find someone good to replace her.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,4/24/2014,35,183,2,9,6>Trees, trees and more trees.This lake is park-like with it's tree lined paths.I love how on one part of the lake the street is high and set back from the lake so that you can't even see it. You are alone on the path in the trees by the water. Adjacent to the lake is a beautiful rose garden.Mother Nature is here!****If you are researching which of the three in the chain of lakes to walk, jog or bike around, look no further. I ran around all three in a row today and brain yelped as a distraction. Of course all three have the sought after view of the water, but they are drastically different in look and feel.  Lake Harriet: Shaded paths, park-like feel ( transported out of the city), skyline view through the trees. Can't really see houses, just trees, trees, trees... And water.Lake Calhoun: Touristy, open, busy, beaches, playgrounds, cars going around it on busy streets, and a skyline view.Lake of the Isles: Quiet like a well kept secret, residential (beautiful homes to look at), curvy path, sunny with 360 gorgeous views ( no skyline in sight).All three lakes have the separate biking (clockwise/one way) and walking paths and canoe stations that I am guessing you can rent from. Enjoy all three for their uniqueness!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/23/2014,216,199,7,8,8>Candyland, why you gotta be so goooood?Price: Average (some items are a little over priced based on quantity) Location: Street parking downtown is limited. Be prepared to pay for a meter or a nearby rampWhat You'll Find Inside:-Popcorn: Candyland makes the most craveable popcorn that can only be consumed in the handfuls. I literally look like Cookie Monster when I'm devouring a bag of their Chicago Mix. Whenever I stop in 3/4 to 1/2 of the people in line are ordering only popcorn or popcorn with a little something else. They have popcorn regulars whose orders are filled by the time it's their turn to be helped. *Tip: The popcorn is definitely "the best:" when consumed within 1-3 days of purchase-Peanut Brittle: Pricey but well worth it. Candyland whips up the perfect batch of brittle. The Peanut Brittle is sweet, salty and just right amount of chew.-Chocolate Covered Everything: Nuts, graham crackers, Oreo's, caramels, chips and more.-Candy: You want it; they've got it - hard candies, jaw breakers, fudge, suckers, truffles, licorice, taffy, gummies etc.*Limited sugar free options available -Miscellaneous: Clean yet small interior, Gift cards available for purchase, Orders for shipping can be placed by calling, ordering on on-line or placing an order in person, Excellent customer service. .
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,4/22/2014,25,110,,19,3>I almost don't want to write a well-deserved glowing review of this nail salon because I feel like it's my little secret. However, these nail artists are too good (and cheap) not to share my jubilation at finding a nail salon that will be part of my regular rotation!This place is not only reasonable priced, but the ladies are incredibly nice and my nails always look perfect. The last time that I was in, I did a pedicure that removed calluses (totally worth the extra money, though I won't do it every time) and the Shellac manicure. My nails are still absolutely perfect 2 weeks later, despite washing dishes and typing on a computer all day for work. I am completely chip-free and expect that it will remain that way until I go in for my next appointment.I usually make appointments on a whim and am always able to get in that same day. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,3/10/2010,70,375,4,5,4>Three trips - never been disappointed! Now, I am not a red meat eater, so this review is for those looking for an alternative to the burgers at the Blue Door. I know, I know, it's meant for people who like burgers - which includes most of my friends. So, now back to the non burger review - I've been to the Blue Door 3 times, most recently today for lunch. Today I tried the build your own chicken sandwich. It was great! You get one cheese and all the other toppings you like. I had cheddar cheese, tomatoes, pickles, and garlic aioli. Mmmmm. I've also had the pub sandwich and really enjoyed that too! My biggest decision of the day was which fried treat to pick- fries, tots or deep fried green beans. When I pick the fries I want the tots, when I get the tots, I want the beans....oh the decisions. Great food, fast and prompt service, and reasonable prices. Parking is a bit tight as is the place itself, but I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal with a twist. They have a couple happy hours, I have not attended, but look good too.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,3/9/2010,40,35,5,3,2>Anyone familiar with Lake Street knows that there is a very large variety of Mexican restaurants, and often times there is not a large enough "draw" on any of them that demands you stop at one vs the other. Los Ocampo has a significant advantage of having its own parking lot, and being located next to Chi-Lake Liquors. Other than that, its really a dice roll of any one of the multiple restaurants along the corridor. So how does a restaurateur make their establishment stick out? Simple. Paint the outside bright yellow and name it Taco Taxi. Based solely on the ridiculous name I decided its important that I check this spot out one day before heading to Powderhorn Park to feed some ducks. Why its named Taco Taxi is one of mankinds greatest mysteries. It does not deliver food, nor does the business seem to possess any taxis other than a few pictures of them. I went there with a couple friends mid-day during the week...and the place was pretty busy as opposed to many of the other establishments we passed nearby. That has to count for something. The food is reasonably priced, and its quick. Plus, they got a creepy bathroom. I would actually give this a 4.5, but this site doesnt like half stars.EDIT: If you're reading this cuz of ROTD...it didnt have delivery at the time. Now it does, therefore a solid 5 is warranted.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,3/8/2010,45,252,1,9,6>I cook primarily Chinese food, and while this market has great prices and a good selection of vegetables, it caters more to a Southeast Asian clientele--makes sense, since it's on the edge of Frogtown. The store is clean and bright and has tanks of fresh fish. I also see a lot of Africans shopping here and buying distinctly non-Asian ingredients (several varieties of plantains.) I live in the east metro, and if I need Asian vegetables or a couple of basic ingredients, I stop in here instead of driving over to United Noodle in Minneapolis. The produce department seems to have a brisk turnover, so I can always count on finding something fresh. However, I like to keep frozen jiaoze (dumplings) and steamed buns on hand, and this place has only a small selection. Still, it's a lot of fun to browse the aisles.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,3/7/2010,39,93,3,5,5>First of all - it's SWEET that Global Market is connected to Abbott Northwestern Hospital. My dad was there for surgery, so my family and I could escape and avoid hospital food into this haven of cultural goodness :)This is my favorite restaurant in GM. Authentic, flavorful and value. They're not afraid to pack on the punch in flavors. I had the Huaracho with a spicy chicken. I had never had huaracho, and the flavor of the fried tortilla bread was a fun new twist for me. All the ingredients were fresh and flavorful!My mom had the enchiladas with green sauce and WOW. That sauce was the best I've ever had. I was jealous. Can't wait to come back. A+ for all the flavor and live reggae music at lunch :)
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,3/6/2010,84,289,11,10,8>Let me just cut to the chase and drop all these at once: granola hippie incense birkenstock Tibet save the whales vegan soy dreadlocks free trade organic local Green party composting lentils peace tofu.There. Now that I have those out of my system, I can write this review without falling into a 100 hippie cliches.Fireroast is nice little cafe (with a rather strong hippie vibe). Coming home from a leisurely afternoon movie at the Riverview on a gorgeous afternoon, an outdoor table and a cool beverage were too much to pass up.So was the honey lemon bread pudding, apparently, and as the little sign recommended, I did try it with ice cream. Delicious!My chai was not particularly impressive, but at least he didn't pull out a carton of Oregon Chai mix out in front of me to make it (I'm looking at you, Spyhouse). The dude (I've never liked the title "Barista") was very friendly. He asked us what we were up to, and at first it confused me. He was actually talking with us, not just engaging in the usual conversation-lite platitudes usually exchanged during ritualized commercial transactions. It took a moment to adjust to. Sad, isn't it?They had several cozy tables out front, and that is where we enjoyed our beverages (and bread pudding!) and the lovely day. It was exactly what I had hoped for stopping in.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,3/5/2010,13,54,3,7,6>After reading Dara's most recent article in Minnesota Monthly about Clancey's, Nick and I just knew we had to try it this weekend.So we loaded up in our car to make the jaunt from Prospect Park to Linden Hills. As we drove along Minnehaha Parkway and admired the freshly fallen snow, my hunger and curiosity intensified. Finally we reached Clancey's and entered the crowded and chaotic shop. From somewhere across the room a "hey, you guys," was shouted out. "Hi," I replied to no one in particular. "What can I get you," was the reply before I even had a chance to figure out the system of this small neighborhood deli. We gave our orders...turkey for me, roast beef for Nick, and proceeded to wander around eyeing the goods. "Do you want everything," was the next question. "Sure," we both replied being adventurous eaters. We figured these people knew what they were doing and it wouldn't even be worth it to ask what "everything" was. "Horseradish and hot peppers?" "Yup."So we left with our weighted down paper bag and began the trek home. That's when I got a little grumpy..."geez this place is far away..." I grumbled. The unplowed streets and my growing appetite didn't help matters at all. "Well we could have just gone there," Nick said as he pointed at the neighborhood Jimmy John's. "Disgusting," I replied. To myself I was just hoping the trek would be worth it.AND IT WAS!!!! We quickly unpacked our sandwiches and took the first crunchy bite into the baguette. "What's even in here?" I asked since we couldn't really see our sandwiches being built. Without skipping a beat, Nick replied, "Extra special care and attention to detail." I couldn't have said it better myself.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,3/4/2010,29,417,2,3,4>I'm a self-admitted nerd, and haven't found a Library I don't like, but Central Library is tops. Even if you're not into the whole reading thing, take a field trip to see the building. It's lovely, with tons of windows and natural lighting. There's a small gallery upstairs with rotating art exhibits that are always worth a visit. Getting there is easy - light rail, buses, and underground parking are all options. Love the Dunn Bros on the first floor too, and the library lets you bring in drinks. Free wifi, and more than enough computers that you can use for free (you just need a library card). Printing is available for a nominal fee. Support your local library, and check this place out!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,3/3/2010,18,45,8,6,8>I made my first reservation at 112 a few years ago to impress a girl.  We're married now, so I guess it worked.And we've been back -- again and again and again.If we're voting on a best restaurant in the city, 112 gets my vote.  The menu is always a balance of old favorites (lamb scottadito, tagliatelle with foie gras, etc.) and more seasonal or experimental dishes.  You can really do no wrong in terms of what to order, but I am particularly taken with their cold cut platter (more than enough to share) and their creative sandwiches like the gougere and fried mortadella, the bacon, egg, and harissa, and the quasi-legendary 112 cheeseburger.The service is top-notch, from servers to hosts to bartenders and all points in-between.  The space can get a bit cramped and noisy during peak times, but that's the price you pay for a popular restaurant.  If it's a big concern, I'd just aim for a slightly earlier or later meal.And perhaps I'm just a cheap bastard, but every single time I go here I'm astonished at how affordable such a fantastic meal can be.  I can take someone out for three courses, a decent bottle of wine, dessert, and a round of digestifs and come in a hair over $100.  It's no "Cheap Date Night" at Bryant Lake Bowl, but considering the quality of food and service you're getting it's a steal.The fact that getting a reservation now is about as hard as getting that first one three years ago is not mere chance.  Grab your special someone and take 'em to 112.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,3/2/2010,42,213,4,6,5>I wanted to wait on writing about Vincent because the last time I had been was for dinner in the spring of 2004 (I know, right?  But it was great then too).The boyfriend and I were looking for a happy hour to hit before dance lessons and all Yelp-signs pointed to this place.They had a more than adequate selection of wine for the happy hour menu, which was appreciated.  The three plates we sampled were just decandently amazing - chicken a la plancha, the flatbread (I adore bleu cheese in all of its incarnations), and the Vincent burger.  We told them we were going to split the burger and they brought it out on separate plates for us which showed solid attention to detail.  Another couple seemed to be doing the same thing, so I'm guessing that people splitting burgers during happy hour isn't the most uncommon thing (I must be a psychic - right?).  I also liked the choice they offered between frites, caesar and garden salad with the burger.Will definitely be back soon.  There is no saying no to this place.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,3/1/2010,31,178,3,6,4>The trouble with reading Yelp reviews is sometimes the reviews are so persuasive your order is pretty much set before you even go in the joint.  And so the story goes for our experience at Hell's Kitchen.We made reservations and walked right in to our table.  Service was hit/miss...when she was there she was great, but she wasn't always there.Food...well, like I said we went with the staples....Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - nummy (skip the syrup...why ruin the flavor), Bison Burger was a hit with my meal mate and her kid got the mac&cheese (nothing to write home to mom about)Ordered some bread too - just so we could try the peanut butter, if you even kinda like pb, you owe it to yourself to give theirs a try - well worth it.You want to know my favorite part of the whole dining experience, besides the halo in the bathroom mirror???  The little foot handle on the bathroom door.  I hate washing my hands and having to touch the door knob - no problem here, just use your foot to open the door....GENIUS! I wish all establishments would get one of those do-hickies
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,6/6/2011,7,61,,4,3>I gotta say, I went in with low expectations-  I ended up blown away. Perhaps I should say at the outset that my favorite restaurant in the world is Au Pied de Cochon and the menu explicit recognizes the influence of Martin Picard.  IE if you don't dig foie, we have different tastes.  Anyways, the waiter was attentive and had a fine dining mentality without being fussy, we are in the midwest after all and I sure as shit don't want a waiter putting the napkin on my lap.Debaser by the pixies was playing while I had my first sazerac (the only thing I had all night that I felt could be improved upon) and the steak and eggs. A great start. The General Tso's sweet breads were easily the best American Chinese food I've ever had. The duck in a can was great, the foie was an epic slab, it was like a challenge to the diner. Amazing. The duck is sous-vide ( since its in a can) which isn't my favorite prep of duck- but I knew that going into it and for that preparation i was impressed. The Steak and Potatoes (which I just finished the leftovers of) was brilliant. I have a favorite steak house in Milwaukee to which I compare all other steaks. In fact- I never order steak out because I'm nearly always disappointed. This steak is absolutely without any doubt the best in the cities. Yeah. That's right, HauteDish has the best steak in the city. It's clearly cooked at an insanely high temp to create a beautiful dark crust while still staying medium rare (a little on the rarer side, just to my liking) throughout. The marrow bone, which I've always wanted to try but never see on menus was just what I was hoping for- near liquid ultra beefy goodness. That spread on the thick texas style toast was mind numbingly good and the duck fat home fries were a great accompaniment. If you aren't an adventurous eater there are plenty of things on the menu, but I advise you to go for the foie. My meal was like food heroin, I could barely walk out of the restaurant, when I got home I fell asleep on the couch and now that it's almost out of my system I'm thinking about how and when I'm going to get my next fix.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,6/5/2011,49,114,,3,4>Great cozy neighborhood bar with a twist.It's definitely out of the way and a little scary from the outside, and surrounded by other bars that you probably would not want to go in, but it's really nice inside.Cool decor, a rule about "no sports" which I personally appreciate, a small patio, TVs playing weird horror movies (without volume), booths..it's kind of similar to the old psycho suzi's but without the tiki theme.Actually the decor is cooler than that, it's almost not a dive..I'm not sure if they have food.This is my go-to bar in North Mpls.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,6/4/2011,216,199,,7,2>As I was walking around campus the other day, I saw this new restaurant and I decided to take a peek inside. The inside is beautiful, very spacious, modern and warm. I was greeted from a lady behind the counter who was very friendly, welcoming and all smiles! From a look at their main menu, they have three salads and I think - about nine main entrees (the dinner /lunch menu) .My friend said she saw the breakfast menu, but I must have missed it. They also have a very large wine and drink special and baked goods! Some of the main entrees were an espresso rubbed pork belly and a pulled pork sandwich. I guess their food is a mix of American and Korean.I did not order an entrée because I just wanted to peak in quick, however I did buy a caramel sticky bun and a nut caramel sticky bun ($2.75 per bun). The sticky buns were fine (personally I like my sticky buns gooier and served warm), they taste was average - what you would expect  a sticky bun to taste like- but not something I would rush back again and have! I could easily see myself grabbing a coffee and working on homework here or grabbing a quick lunch with friends between classes. The baked goods/pastries were priced well. As for the main entrees, the pricing was a bit higher, about $8 to $15.00. Sine I haven't had an entrée there, I can't tell you if the price is worth the food.On a side note - personally I am not sure how this place will do or how long they will last because A- the light rail construction and limited parking options are not very convenient. B- I am not sure if the typical pizza and burger & ramen college diet will really mesh well with the majority of people near the restaurant - STUDENTS!  Am speaking in terms of budget and palate wise. It just kind of doesn't make sense to me. But hopefully Green Spoon will prove me wrong! The restaurant has not yet had their grand opening yet, so I plan to come back at a later time and try an entrée! The verdict thus far - people are very friendly & helpful, the small menu looks tasty - Sounds like a great place to grab a coffee and read  the paper.Is it unfair to give a place that has not yet had their grand opening yet, four stars? IDK? FYI - parking is hard to find, especially because it's campus and because of all of the light rail construction. Also, if your purchase is under $5 (I think that's the correct dollar amount, around there at least) you need cash. Anything over that, a card is accepted.From their facebook page, I think they only take Visa or Mastercard.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,6/3/2011,47,61,3,2,3>I see there's a house for sale down the street from Angry Catfish.  I would like to buy it and move in and stop in every day for coffee and never move away!I appreciate that they offer regular drip coffee for a quick cup, or will syphon brew it for you.  This makes getting coffee on the run easy, but allows a better option for those willing to stick around.  They seem to offer a few different bean selections of Intelligentsia coffee which are "reasonably" priced (if interested, see my review of Kopplins for what I consider reasonable).  I would normally dock this place one-star for lack of seating, but I have never been in there and not found a place to sit. I will always come to this place for a cup whenever I'm in the neighborhood.  A Baker's Wife next door is an added bonus.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,6/2/2011,101,229,4,6,4>Oh so-so-so good.How is this place so good? Why haven't I been here before? How could my ignorance have continued unabated until right this very moment?I don't know, but I'll be coming back again. And again. And again. And... have I mentioned that I'm excited about happy hour? Because even though my experience was exclusively lunch, I'm totally psyched about coming back to this funky, warm, friendly, fun little hole-in-the-wall. The atmosphere is pretty awesome, I have to say. Upscale and artsy while still being homey and laid-back. It's the kind of place you'd love to go to for a long leisurely night of food and wine and friends.To start, we split the olives and the calamari. I'm not an olive fan, but they looked like they could be theoretically good if you like olives. My co-workers certainly seemed to enjoy them. The calamari was awesome. Not greasy at all. Crispy and fresh and the dipping aioli was bowl-lickingly good. (Extra bread slices were deployed to corral the extra sauce...who needs butter when you have spare aioli?)My pork bruschetta was fabulous. Simply fabulous. Tender crusted pork lying on a bed of toast, fig jam*, and lettuce, and nestled underneath mild cheddar and apple slices. Love. (My co-workers' antipasto salad, Italian sandwich and soup also garnered rave reviews, but I didn't taste.)The server (Daniel or Dan...) was awesome. Super-friendly with great recommendations and a passion for the food. He did not lead us astray. Our water glasses also did not get more than a few sips down before they were refilled again.  And it's not like it wasn't busy--the place was fairly full for the lunch hour. I'm super-impressed and so pleased that this place is so close to work. I foresee many lunches and happy hours here in my future. *Fig jam. Crack. Whatever. I could eat a bowl of this. Next time I'm trying the goat-cheese-and-fig appetizer because I can only imagine how mind-explodingly lovely that will be.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,6/1/2011,81,84,3,5,6>This is my new favorite store.  St. Paul has really become a sweet shopping destination, what with Snellby area and Grand and all.  Now, right down my street, there is AWESOME shop within MY price range!  Eeee!The chicks that own the place seem really cool.  One of them offered me a mimosa at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, so she was obviously my new friend. They said they could order anything I liked if it wasn't in my size and it'd be in the store in a day or two.I went the first weekend it opened, and apparently business was so rocking that they were way low on merch.  Really, I couldn't tell.  There was still tons of bad-ass, cute clothes to choose from and I nearly bought out the rest of their inventory.  I didn't see anything over $100, with the average top being $28 and sassy dresses around $60.  Word!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,5/31/2011,16,271,4,2,2>A sunny Sunday afternoon wouldn't be complete without a hike to our local Three Rivers park! I spent the afternoon hiking around Bryant Lake Regional Park with my four-legged best friend and am still blissed out. I love this park for many reasons, including:1. Frisbee Golf...amazing!2. Beach with canoe rentals.3. A jungle gym that will make you wish you were 4 years old4. A fabulous picnic area5. A wonderful trail for hiking and exploring6. A dog parkI mean, come on, how can you not love this place!?!?!? Only warning-bring poop bags and be prepared for some serious police poop patrol (they aren't joking when they say clean up after your dog....) I was recently stopped by a police officer and asked why I hadn't cleaned up after my dog, who had just peed....the police officer seemed a bit embarrassed when I asked him how he usually gets the dog to pee in a plastic bag. But, I have to respect the fact that I don't have to worry about stepping in piles of Fido's poo...so rock on Poop patrol!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,5/30/2011,43,315,,12,9>Yep .. still as good as it gets!We came here for an early dinner tonight. My bf was complaining a bit at the beginning because of the long drive, but by the end of our meal, he said .. yep .. this place was worth the drive and totally deserved 100 out of 100.  The first thing that I have to mention is the service. It was impeccable. I was so lucky to sit in the same server section that served me the last time I was here. Jay was absolutely amazing and so elegant. He was very knowledgeable. He explained the menu to us in great details. Too bad we didnt drink wine with our meal, because we overheard the manager mentioned to the table next to us that Jay knows more about wine than he does.Actually, it was not only Jay that was amazing. It seemed like everybody was working harmoniously here. Our water was filled probably after every 3-4 sips, our silverwares were replaced after each course, our bread basket was never left empty, and the most important thing we didnt have to wait for food that long even though the place was almost all full.We decided to go for a traditional three course degustazione. I chose raw tuna with sicilian relish and white shoyu from antipasti, garganelli with braised rabbit ragu from primi, and braised beef short ribs from secondi. Bf chose romanesca salad from antipasti, lingunie with fennel sausage from primi, and grilled hanger steak from secondi. Then we ended our meal with chocolate cake and pistachio gelato.  My raw tuna was very good. It was so moist and just melting in my mouth. The sicilian relish and white shoyu was a perfect combination for the tuna. My bf's salad was also good. The roman lettuce was so fresh and crisp, and the dressing with all those shaved cheese were great. My pasta dish was nice, though the cheese flavor was a bit too strong to my liking. My bf's pasta dish was really good. I dont know how they made the lingunie, but it was very good al dante. You could taste that it was not too mushy soft or too crunchy hard. It was a bit chewy but also soft at the same time. .. just perfect.My braised beef short ribs was amazing. It was so moist and so tender. The spinach with parmigiano potato puree was a great addition to the dish. My bf's steak was amazing. It was medium with pink center. Though it looked so pink, it didnt taste that pink. It was actually very tender and just melted in your mouth. The dessert was a great ending to the meal. Though the chocolate cake was a bit too sweet to my liking, the pistachio gelato was really nice. My bf is a chocolate and ice-cream lover, so he liked the dessert very much. He would probably lick the plate clean if he could.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,5/29/2011,1,60,8,9,3>I've now been to Travail 4 times, and I believe they've only been open for a month.  The latest two visits were dinner with friends and lunch with mom.Dinner: I had the "Tofu", which was a deconstructed Banh Mi (Vietnamese hoagie).  The tofu was soft and very flavorful, the scrambled eggs were cooked to soft perfection, and the small-looking pieces were a deceptively nice portion.  I also had the Chanterelle Mushroom Agnolotti.  It was served in their usual butter sauce.  The pasta didn't scream "mushroom", but they are still tasty little pillows of pasta.Due to a "kitchen error", our table was also brought the Zucchini Fazoletti.  Three kinds of summer squash over sheets of pasta with a cheese stuffed deep fried zucchini blossom.  Awesome.Sadly, this left me too full for dessert, a mistake I vow never to repeat.Lunch:I drove from S. Mpls to Maplewood to get mom and then out to Robbinsdale.  Oof.  Good thing Travail is worth it.Mom and I split the Tomato & Melon salad, she ordered the Turnip Agnolotti, and I had the Tofu again.  Salad was light and bright.  Also quite playful, they made a tomato paper, almost like a brittle, and the plating was very pretty.  Mom enjoyed the turnip pasta, which came with some nice chucks of turnip on top.  I loved my un-sandwich again.Then we got the Dessert Buffet.  No, it's no longer a platter, it's a dessert tasting menu.1. Amuse bouche shooter of lemon ice served with a peanut butter mousse2. Blueberry and graham cracker "cheese cake"3. White cake with berries and yuzu sauce4. Cookie plate with chocolate chip cookie, house made peanut butter "oreos", meringue, and chocolate mousse5. Choco-churros and panna cotta sticks in warm vanilla milk.The shooter didn't do much for me, but I do not like super cold food, hurts my teeth.  The white cake (was pink from berry juice) had an excellent texture and with the bit of acid from the fruit, was really nice for cutting the richness of everything else.  The "oreos" were insane.  The churro-cotta dish reminded me of Cocoa Puffs, it tasted like a bowl of cereal eaten in front of the TV on a Saturday morning.  The cheese-cake was slap-your-mother good, although I did not strike my mother.Travail is probably my favorite restaurant at the moment.  They started out strong, but have actually improved in just a short amount of time.  The dessert I got during their "sneak preview" was a smaller portion than just the cookie plate from the current "buffet".  The service has gotten a little more fluid and interactive, grand opening jitters have been replaced with smiles.  The menu is constantly being tweaked and updated.  To use a too commonly used phrase, they are "killing it" right now.  While it's not quite on the same level as a Meritage or Heartland, Travail also won't run you $100 for two (unless you go absolutely nuts and get plowed), and you can go in your jean shorts and fanny pack (if you must) for a beer and a game of bean bag toss.Oh, and the A/C appears to function now.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,5/28/2011,354,223,5,8,7>This place gets 5 stars because more often than not, the movie I want to see is only showing here...and I'm never disappointed.Seriously, how many other theaters can you name that sell wasabi peas, Peace Coffee, almond-filled wafers and vegan cookies IN ADDITION to the standards? Not many. (I think someone from the Lagoon raided my pantry and decided to sell all my guilty pleasure snack food.) To give you a taste of the movies they show, I've seen "Milk," "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger" and "Blue Valentine" and each theater has been cozy. Movie tickets cost around $9. Probably the only inconvenient thing about the Lagoon is the parking situation. You either have to pay to park in the adjacent lot, hope to score a spot on the street or park in a nearby neighborhood and walk.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,12/6/2009,139,324,2,9,6>It felt like we were meant to try the Anchor out.  We got there just as a booth opened, so we had zero wait time.  6:30 on a Sunday night...Score!  I used to go to England just about annually, so that is the way I like my fish and chips.  Fresh cod fried to the perfect tenderness in light, non-greasy batter -- check.  (bonus points for one quality fillet instead of bits and pieces)  Hand-cut fries that are cooked just right, slightly soggy but stiff enough to scoop up the curry sauce -- check.   Mushy peas -- check.  My friends were silly enough to think that I would share more than a bite of my peas before hoovering them myself.  Oh, how I have missed my mushy peas!  I only had one bite of the shepherd's pie, so I will let my dining companions review that part of the meal.  It was tasty though.  Not bland at all, which can sometimes happen.  Our server was so perky and fun.  She even humored me and my high five.  Yea!Only two teensy tiny reasons why I am not giving it the fifth star:  Strongbow tallboys are great, but I kind of want it on draft when I have fish and chips.  Also, why white vinegar?!  Malt, folks... malt vinegar!  Other than that, jolly good show, Anchor.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,12/5/2009,59,455,7,7,6>Well, we made one last stop to Minnehaha Park last night. It will be our last time here in a long time, which is sad.. I know I've said I hated the place before, but really.. what did I hate? Oh, that's right, the idiots that like to leave their trash on a trail in the middle of the woods, and the constant fact that the city of Minneapolis likes to take things that are all ready working, and "fix" them! We went down to one of our signature spots and chilled for about an hour thinking about our next steps and what the hell we are going to do... oh jeez, that's coming way too soon! I've had a lot of laughs here, like walking up on two teenagers having sex off of one of the trails.. that was pleasant, or unpleasant depending on how you look at it.. I've spend hours here, late night, early morning, and the middle of the day. It's always been there for me when I need to take a "mental health day" and relieve some stress.. Yes, that excuse has actually worked for me once or twice.. trust me. But overall, it is a beautiful place.. OK I back up on that statement. If you go right now, you will see tons of construction. It isn't really THAT beautiful right now. There are areas that are blocked off too, like you aren't suppose to go up to the falls, but the fences they put up are really easy to get by. And, if you have a dog, it's not an issue for them to jump the fence either.. we did last night, everything was cool, and our four legged creature loved it! I would agree that the area down by the river is in some serious need of some cleaning.. I don't like to think that the shores of the Mississippi, where I get my water supply, is lusciously filled with cigarette buts and syringes.. Really not a pleasant sight, but everything else, especially the time spent here makes up for it! Oh how I love this place.. I can't wait to come back and visit and see how they changed the place.. if that ever happens, I've noticed the roads in this state never seemed to be completed either! I will miss you Minnehaha!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,12/4/2009,159,286,6,5,6>OK maybe the burbs don't suck quite as much. I found this place with the help of Yelp. Even though this is a mile from my house and I have driven past it a hundred times I have never stopped in or noticed it for that matter. It is tucked in a corner of a strip mall and again I must say I was a little to excited to try it last night. Either I don't get out enough or I am just really sick of chain places in the burbs. This is a little mom and pop that I would put in the same category of Fat Nat's Eggs. Seems to have a nice selection of daily specials and weekly specials. The Friday Fish Fry is what jumped out even though I didn't order it my wife did, I must say the fish was very good. Lightly battered, very flavorful with some very nice homemade tarter sauce. I had the patty melt which was on fresh baked bread and very good. Only beef would have been the cheese, seemed to be pre-sliced and a nice thicker cut would have been nice, no big deal though. The potato salad was out of this world and very homemade, like my mom used to make when she took the time to cook (long story). Like many of the little diners it looks like breakfast is their real gig and I know I will give it a try. they made their own caramel buns and they have biscuits and gravy, I'm sold. Fire up the treadmill. Worth the trip, especially since it's close to home. More places like this and I won't mind the burbs, as much. KT
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/3/2009,80,225,15,13,13>A gang of tailless cats? Check. A fat uromastyx sleeping in a tank on the counter? Check. A chinchilla named Mr. Skeeter? Duh.I said to my friend on the way there, "Oh, they have animals? Well, THEY BETTER HAVE A CHICKEN OR I'M OUT."Uh...check.Sure they mainly have kids books, but they also have a handful of adult books that are appropriate for teens. I worked at B&N for a super long time and never once had half the fun that the employees seemed to be having at Wild Rumpus. I mean, I actually heard one guy tell another employee that they didn't have to spend time behind the counter and that they should go read instead. It sounds like a good thing to encourage your employees to do on their downtime, but it would get you a butt whoopin' in a bigger chain store.Also, that same guy didn't make fun of me when I pointed at the chicken and said out loud (to absolutely no one) "HEY! It looks like a reverse tiger!" In fact, he agreed and said it was a great observation.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,12/2/2009,126,381,5,8,4>OMG the hellcat inferno salad is so good it's insane. I am addicted. I get the chicken on the side (to donate to Hubby) and the salad is tons of romaine topped with fajita ranch and guacamole as the dressing. Then you have a pile of red peppers, pumpkin seeds, and cheddar cheese on top. It's huge. Then, you get a side of some crunchy tortilla with black bean filling kind of like a quesadilla no cheese. I'm sure it's not the least bit healthy as far as salads go, but it's so good I dont care.Also, try the Philosopher's Stone. It's a cider-tinted amber ale and it's my favorite local beer in the Twin Cities.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,12/1/2009,21,47,1,8,4>Wally's is located in a strip mall in western Bloomington.  Now don't let that stop you from experiencing the best roast beef sandwiches this side of, well, anywhere.  This no-frills "fast-food" type restaurant has fantastic blue plate specials, delicious fries, and sweet, sweet malts.  Wally's has been in existence for decades for a reason.  Try it!  NOW!Oh, and watch out, because it has limited hours.  It's not open on Sundays and only open 10:30-3 Monday through Saturday.website:wallysroastbeef.com
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,11/30/2009,13,54,3,5,6>Merlin's is one of my favorite places for a low-key night out or a greasy hangover breakfast. Their traditional Irish/Scottish/British breakfast and a Bloody Merlin will put you right back on your feet. BONUS: During the summer you can snag an outdoor table and watch the world go by on Lake st.As for nightlife...I was here again last Friday and the place was pretty packed with people from all walks of life. A lovely Irish band sat in the corner providing some great atmosphere. Merlin's is a great place to catch up on some convo, meet new friends, or just admire the music and people watch.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,11/29/2009,71,160,7,8,8>I think this is why I gained so much weight during college.I ate here 2-3 times a week during my college career from 2003-2007. Salt and pepper scallop.  Salt and pepper anything! I've had one or two bad experiences. I only expect the service to be: sit me down, take my order, bring me my order, and bring me the bill.  Don't think you're going to get anything more.  I love going here with a big group of people.  There's not really much space here, but I hate having to order 1 or 2 dishes.  The more people = the more dishes I get to sample.  There's no place like this. I don't go here as often, because it's out of the way for me.  I have an emotional attachment to this place though.  I've established many good friendships over meals at HK Noodles!This place is the BEST late at night.  They're open until 2am, and they will still serve you if you get in by 1:55am.---A little advice: If you go to an Asian restaurant, and there's not any Asian people eating there, then it's probably not very good/authentic Asian place.Plenty of Asian people eat here!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,11/28/2009,47,152,,5,4>I am surprised that no one has reviewed this place yet. Some fellow Yelpers recommended Harvest Moon.  I have been in search of a local coffee shop to relax and read a book. I normally sip on a cup of dark roast, but on this visit I was starving and ordered a sandwhich. I han awesome tuscan turkey fanini (flat bread panini), with some delicious sun-dried tomato spread. This place has everything I look for in a coffee shop, plenty of places to sit, free wi-fi, and a patio for nice weather.  I will post an update on the coffee because I am sure I will be back.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,11/27/2009,31,178,2,5,4>Can you believe it, been knitting for 3 years and have never been in a yarn store? (I don't count Michaels and Joann's as yarn shops)I am happy that Borealis was my cherry popper - very nicely laid out.  I loved that we were greeted and were given a quick layout overview and then were left to fondle on our own.  Loved that they had lovely samples and these samples were found right near the yarn used to make them. Staff was perfect, equally help, knowledgeable and encouraging.So far the best yarn shop I have been to :)Note: they do except credit cards, but it must be a minimum purchase - I think $15
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,12/31/2010,109,121,,4,4>I was very excited when I saw there was a new dog park located within miles of my home!Today was our first visit to this dog park - and I am impressed.  It is much nicer & much bigger than I was expecting.  You have to keep in mind that this dog park is located right in the middle of the city.  The area surrounding the park is mixed residential/industrial with train tracks running along the back part of the park. The park itself is really nice!  Unlike most dog parks, this one has a lot of grass!  It feels like a big open prairie!  My dogs really seemed to love how wide open it is + every surface wasn't piled high with wood chips (which seem to hurt their paws a bit).There are tons of water dishes around to use & like most dog parks, it's best to bring water for your own dog/s + some to share.  There were balls available (although none of my dogs play fetch).  Benches + chairs to sit in.  The fence was high enough to keep my rather large Foxhound inside (he's quite an escape artist - so good/high fences are important to me).  Poop bags are supplied + there is a garbage can located inside the park...I just really liked this park...and I will definitely be going back here with my pups...
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,12/30/2010,209,965,2,5,3>I think my husband and I just found a new date night place.  We're always trying to find something new to do in the TC. Roller Garden is fun, fun, fun..every song the DJ played brought me back...great music selection (hip-hop, R&B and funk), great crowd, amazing skaters. I'm talking a few Brian Boitano's of the roller rink. and one 50 + old disco diva who was an amazing skater. Watching was just as fun as skating.The rink is huge. Plenty of room to skate. It does get a little bit busy depending on the song. If you're not a strong skater like me, stay in the middle. Most of these skaters can stop on a dime and will move out of the way for you.People are respectful, music is one big stream of nostalgia and the people that work there are nice and thanked us for coming..
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,12/29/2010,30,77,1,4,3>This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and I have to say I'm a believer. The texture of the injra bread was a little spongy for me, but my friend liked it just fine. We ordered one platter of Tips and one combo plate that consisted of Tips, Key Wot (berbere stew) and Alcha Wot (curried stew).  The Tips were fantastic, tender marinated rib eye that had the right amount of fat content to really set the flavor off. I agree with Rhonda, the dish could use more onions. But all in all it was my favorite dish. The Key Wot had a real strong chili powder taste. I'm not sure if that is the exact spice used, but that's what it reminded me of and it was a little over powering for me. The Alcha Wot was a great flavorful curried beef stew. Switching between Alcha Wat  and the Tips was a magical experience.The restaurants itself has a nice local neighborhood feel. The friendly waitress took the time to explain the different dishes as well as the history of the place. And I have to admit I also got a kick out of eating with my hands and glancing over at other tables and watching others doing the same. I'll defiantly be back.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,12/28/2010,16,50,2,8,4>Another incredible meal last night at my favorite Minneapolis restaurant! The scallop appetizer was comprised of two large scallops served over  a truffle-seasoned corn purée and a touch of bacon. The duck breast was wonderfully tender, cooked perfectly to medium rare and served with a medley of butternut squash, broccoli rabe and chestnuts. The pumpkin gnocchi melted in your mouth. The maple glazed pork tenderloin was succulent and accompanied by a blue cheese potato gratin. And as always,the salmon was beautiful and perfectly prepared; this time with preserved lemons and kalamata olives. But the rosemary honey panna cotta left me speechless! Each bite was a rich, creamy, lightly herbal, lightly sweet delight. It was like breathing in a fresh summer day. I can't wait to have it again.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,12/27/2010,534,142,2,7,5>I totally agree with Alexandra on this one. My first visit to Shish this past Friday night was by accident. I had the best Mediterranean food in town...yet. My friends moved from Ohio to the TC area last week. We were looking for a place to have dinner on Friday night and decided to avoid downtown Minneapolis for obvious reasons like parking and the crowds. Moreover it was almost 9:30pm and we just needed something less busy. Driving around Grand Ave, came across Shish and the place looked nice with ample curbside parking. I had heard about Shish before and being a vegetarian would definitely vote for Mediterranean food for its Hummus, Falafel and the most famous Ottomon Empire invention "BAKLAVA". I ordered Shish Maza Mix which is everything a vegan can eat Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Falafel, Fabbouli with plenty of soft, tender Pita breads. My friends ordered Lamb chops and Lamb burgers and they had nothing to complain about the taste or the quantity. I agree with Rhonda and Sal on Falafel. I have had better Falafel at other restaurants. But, I still give them 5 stars for the service. The service is just amazing with beautiful girls with the most beautiful smile even at the end of their workday. They even helped us pick our order as we were confused and kept looking at the menu. A special mention to their Pistachio Baklava. It was pure HEAVEN. I wish I could try their cakes that looked delicious but was already full with half of my Maza mix. Shish, you just got yourself one more regular customer. Great job guys.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,12/26/2010,354,223,11,10,7>The Electric Fetus gets 5 stars because in my opinion, it tops Disneyworld as the happiest place on earth.On a recent stop I decided that I'm going to start buying all of my gifts there. They have cute kitschy stuff (tattoo band-aids, finger mustaches), lots of girly candles/incense, music posters, frames, cards, Minnesota postcards, candy that you might not have seen since your childhood (Cowtales, anyone?) and adorable clothing.And I haven't even gotten to the music selection yet! It's pretty much a music-lover's paradise because from vinyl to that obscure local band, they've got you covered. I could literally spend hours perusing the store contents.If the Electric Fetus ever decides to add a full restaurant I'd be willing to bump it up to "heaven" status.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,12/25/2010,170,391,5,11,5>Please start going to El Centro Pupuseria. Really, it's not busy enough, and I really like the food. You will like it too, I promise. For $2.50, most ladies will be able to fill up on a single Pupusa. What is a pupusa you ask? Let Wikipedia tell you. A pupusa  is a traditional Salvadoran dish made of thick, hand-made corn tortilla that is filled with a blend of the following: cheese (queso), cooked pork meat ground to a paste consistency, squash (ayote), or (pataste), refried beans (frijoles refritos), or queso con loroco. The two most common pupusas are the pupusa de queso (cheese) and more popular pupusa revuelta with mixed ingredients of queso (cheese), frijoles (beans),[1], and chicharrón. Pupusas are typically served with curtido (lightly fermented cabbage slaw with red chilies and vinegar) and a watery tomata salsa.I tell you, for several months, my lovely adventurous boyfriend refused to go to El Centro because he didn't want to eat something named Pupu. But now he's hooked.  Grab your friends, and $20. Order some pupusa, some chicken enchiladas and a horchata. It's just that easy.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,12/24/2010,91,344,1,6,6>The owners of the town talk diner recently expanded to the 'burbs opening the prairie ale house in an old timberlodge steak location.The sign is not yet up on the building and you can see where the timberlodge letters were, but going into the space, it is completely changed.  The bar is very large and lots of dark wood around.  Cozy booths line the inner area and there are tall and short tables around the outer area.  The menu is heavy on the bacon - a bacon lovers dream!  I tried a goat cheese pizza with some bacon and I'm not sure what else - I got there late!  I didn't see it on the menu, but it was definitely tasty with the goat cheese blending well with what bacon I didn't pull off (I'm not a bacon lover - sacreligious - I know!).  One of the guys in our party had been there the night before for the "soft" opening and pretty much tried everything on the menu - no complaints although he did want to try the cheese curds - but couldn't fit anything else in at the time  .. . . Our server's fave menu item was the croque madame - and I do have to say that caught my eye as well and will have to go back and try it.The beer selection is pretty decent - not huge - I think their emphasis is similar to that of the town talk with fun drinks using interesting ingredients and the adult malts.Definitely worth checking out!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,12/23/2010,159,286,1,4,3>Man, this place is as good as it get's...This is what a sweet tooth is all about! I had several people tell me about this place including my Pastry instructor and looking for some motivation on decorating I decided to venture here to pick up some inspiration. Well I got a whole lot more than inspiration (hell, I can't even look at chocolate pastry anymore without getting worked up but that's a personal story)! The pastry here is past 5 stars and the baked goods were pretty damn good as well. I picked up a few croissants and they rocked!! The chocolate pastry filled with raspberry cream was SOOOO good. Well worth a trip into the city, reasonable prices for what you're getting. KT
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,12/22/2010,131,140,,3,5>Since we were at the Midtown Global Market it was impossible to leave without stopping in here. We didn't even know what to buy because everything looked so good. We left with a couple of the best cupcakes I have ever had, we also picked up some chocolate chip cookies which were very tasty. Once we got up to the counter to pay, I noticed all the fresh bread, so we grabbed some of that to enjoy later with some homemade bruschetta, and yes the bread was excellent too. Hell, I ate a lot of it just plain. This place is a must stop when in the Midtown Global Market.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,4/26/2012,114,185,4,5,3>Wow! The drunken banana french toast was goldilocks-perfect: not too soggy, not too eggy, and not too cooked. Also, like an attractive but not necessarily drunk woman, the drunken french toast had all the right proportions. I like how it wasn't "top heavy" with toppings. I wanted to do a little jig when I saw soaked raisins, banana slices and thick rum sauce on top and in the middle of the french toast. :)We also got a fried egg sandwich -- I will get this sandwich again and again and again.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/25/2012,949,964,4,10,9>I got the most unexpected meal in this new place that I was jumping to conclusions about. What I thought would make my best dives list is far from it, the place is spotless.The owner, Rouzbeh, as in Tuesday, is a very young, very intuitive entrepreneur. Everything is well thought out, especially why with food this good is it still a convenient store? Basically it's giving back to the neighborhood and there's a demand for what he carries, and not much else is around. The local Valpak offering a buy one juicy lucy get one half off made me break down and try it. They should rename it the Juicy Lulu.Because I got it to go, I didn't get the full effect of the cheese flowing out. Didn't matter, not only was it tasty and a perfect medium, it was huge and will be lunch and dinner. You'll be more than comfortably numb if you don't stop eating when you're full. I didn't realize I got the fries, crispy, well-seasoned. Like I said so much thought goes into the perfection of this food. The basket comes with a side sauce, I think it's the pink one. I had a few fries and dipped them in the sauce, the burger sure didn't need it. I'll tell you if you start picking up this habit you'll be running for your nearest diet supplements. They have a cool punch card for 6 baskets 7th is free. I am looking forward to trying the middle east food. But the most delicious is the fish tacos. It will be interesting to see the experimental happenings of this place. If it weren't for the pub, they'd give Blue Door a run for their money with the Lucys. I plan on giving this place lots of support. I bought my lottery ticket here, talk about one stop shop. If I win, I'll do all my shopping here.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,4/24/2012,170,391,4,10,6>As a kid who grew up on the south side of Minneapolis, my feelings about the north side have always been negative. Parents, grandparents and friends constantly reenforced my fear about how terrible this part of Minneapolis was.And then I went there. Yes, there is crime over North. Yes, it looks a little different then the neighborhood where I live. But there are great little places like Avenue Eatery, where the manager is kind and welcoming, the coffee is magical and you can get healthy food, which is in short supply on this side of town.It's places like this that have the potential to change peoples feelings about North Minneapolis. Escape your preconceived notions and head down Broadway and grab a cup of coffee. The White Zombie, which is this crazy white espresso that you can't find anywhere else in the Twin Cities, is the best coffee beverage in the Twin Cities, and it just tastes like sweet milk. Until you get the crazy rush of caffeine as you drink it. Magical, I tell you. Get it on ice, with a shot of caramel. Or on a chilly day it is great hot as well.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/23/2012,89,97,11,2,3>I figure I better hop back on the horse and get back in the good graces of the Yelp community.  I've been absent for quite a while so I might as well spew out some word vomit on a few local establishments. I'm a a big fan of the Bulldog franchise, although this particular location is no longer owned by the same people that own the other two.  I'm gonna compare them all anyway. This particular pooch also has a great beer selection but is nowhere near as extensive as the Bulldog in Lowertown.  It is however quite small and it's generally nuts to butts on the weekends and during happy hour, much like the Uptown version.  However, there are far less shit head hipster douche nozzles here which is a huge plus. Like I said, the beer selection is very good and it leans a bit Belgian.  The food is bar fare with a twist.  I've never been disappointed by anything I've ordered.  They have a variety of wieners (hot dogs not penises) that are all tasty and they do tots well.  All in all this a good place to get a drink if you can get a seat at the bar.  The also have shuffleboard for you barroom athletes.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,4/22/2012,209,965,2,9,4>Another great find, thanks to fellow Yelpers! Had this place bookmarked to try. I can safely say, that this will be our new "go to" for takeout.-Very reasonable prices-Huge amounts of food-Tasty-Service was excellent and very attentive especially when it comes to water refills which is a big plus for me. Thai always makes me thirsty.- Vibrant, descriptive menus- I like seeing what the dish looks like.-Order to kitchen to table time- super fast!Fried Rice w/ Crab Meat was very good. Not greasy at all. I always enjoy the fresh cucumber slices.Chicken Pad Thai was also quite good and spicy for choosing moderate.Egg rolls were alright. I don't usually like the sweet and sour, but theirs had a kick which made it better.Order of sticky rice was huge. For $3.00 we received a ton of it.Great place on many levels! Will definitely be back!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,4/21/2012,68,50,3,7,6>6 months ago, Kohleen L. introduced me to this place. It was a tragedy that it took me this long to introduce it to my husband, and also that it took this long for me to visit again. I thoroughly enjoy stuffing myself with their amazing Chicago dogs. After recently visiting Chicago for the first time, I have more of an appreciation for this place. Although you could put 'Chicago' behind any restaurant name now and it would draw me in a bit more. Back to Chris and Rob's - it has a casual ballpark feel, only the hot dogs are way better and there aren't any fly balls you have to worry about whizzing by. They usually have a game on their T.V.s which adds to the appeal. I especially enjoy their original Chicago hotdog. Where it includes a plethora of toppings all topped with a pickle spear (now that is my kind of dog!). It's an inexpensive very casual place just north of Minneapolis in Fridley. And when I say very casual, I'm talking fast-food type casual. However, this is better than fast-food, it's sports food, which is in a totally different "ball-park." :)
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,4/20/2012,92,104,4,10,6>Whoever Maeve is, I love her. I've been to Maeve's twice now, and each time I've loved it even more than the time before. Their coffee is fresh and perfectly strong (my favorite is the Italian blend), and they actually know what they're talking about when you ask a question, whether about coffee, tea, or any of their food. The first time I came to Maeve's I got a coffee and the spinach & gruyere egg bake. It was fluffy, cheesy, and, best of all, chock full of spinach (my pet peeve is ordering something that supposedly has vegetables in it, only to find tiny little traces of green goodness. That won't happen here!). This week, my friend and I split a roasted vegetable & brie panini (which was served with a nice-sized arugula and tomato side salad), and the sausage and cheese strata (served with soft, buttery toast and fresh fruit). Both were as good as you could imagine, and I'll DEFINITELY be back.The best thing about Maeve's is that, even though the menu is small and very manageable, their assortment of food is astounding. Granola & yogurt sits side-by-side with nutella & banana on toast, which sits just above fresh sandwiches with unique ingredients and salads galore. I highly recommend Maeve's if you haven't tried it: fresh, dependable ingredients, staff who can actually answer a few questions about what they're serving, and a quiet, relaxed atmosphere make it stand out in this lovely little neighborhood.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,4/19/2012,534,142,1,9,4>If you want to know why I gave Peninsula a 5 star rating, just walk in to this place and order Roti Canai from appetizers section. It is so delectable that you will drink the gravy that comes with the roti straight out of the bowl. The dish is close to my heart because it is influenced by Indian flatbread (roti prata) and also believed was introduced by an Indian immigrant from Chennai, India. Although Canai (rhymes with Chennai) in Malay means to roll out dough.While you are waiting for your roti canai to arrive, go ahead and order one of their signature martinis. I heard their mango martinis are very popular with the customers. I ordered Singpore Sling (Captain Morgan rum and fruit juices) which the bartender promised to make very strong. And it was very very strong indeed. The night I went to Peninsula with 16 other Indian friends, we "checked in" to Peninsula via Yelp and received a free Sangria with an entree. The Sangria looks good and tastes OK. It lacked a strong flavor. No complaints though as it was free anyway.For the main course, I have tried only a couple of things in the last 2-3 times I visited Peninsula. The vegetable fried rice is very good and no way similar in taste to Thai or Chinese variations. The green curry with tofu tastes excellent and very flavorful with varying spice levels. The restaurant is big enough to accommodate large groups (17 of us went on a Saturday night with prior reservation). It's clean and the decor is above decent. The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The prices are moderate for the portion sizes of the dishes.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,4/18/2012,114,193,8,6,4>My husband said that once he saw a pour spout on a bottle of Hendrick's, he thought Republic would be the kind of place I'd like.  And that's before getting to the insanely long line of taps. Ohhhhh yeeeeeah.The happy hour (4-6pm every day) is CRAZY.  We rang up a mighty $28 bill with each of us having 2 beers and a burger plus sharing an order of fries.  Did I mention those beers were regionally brewed and 8% ABV?  And the burgers are either grass-fed local beef or some fancy free-range turkey, and served with a side of mixed greens?  Now I've got your attention.I had the turkey burger with guacamole and pico de gallo.  It was marvelous, with a nice kick to it.  I didn't care terribly much for the fries, which were average and served with garlic mayo (I don't eat mayo if I can help it) and house-made ketchup (which to me tasted like V8 -- read: NASTY).  This is only truly tragic as I love ketchup more than I love my own father, so this was like Daddy forgot my birthday.I'm not deterred from returning, especially not with their killer bar.  But don't be shocked to see me avoiding anything that needs ketchup... or maybe instead, smuggling in a bottle of Heinz.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,4/17/2012,42,108,,3,3>Socks. Knocked. Off.  Why I have never been to Victor's after living so close for years is beyond me.  So glad I finally went today though!  I had no idea they would have so many vegetarian options.  I had the black bean burger with avocado and beans and rice.  I also tried their sweet plantains and veggie sausage.  Everything was delicious!  Their tropical mimosas are also tasty.  The atmosphere is really fun and the service is quite friendly.  I'll be back to Victor's soon to try more of the veggie selection.  Great joint!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,2/2/2011,264,422,3,3,5>Just signed up for an event @ the Midtown Global Market, and realized that I haven't Yelped about this place yet. So here goes: I like the Midtown Global Market. By thiiiiiiiiis much, like 5-Yelp-Stars much. I'm judging the place based solely on its own merits; not trying to compare it with other markets in other, more 'global' cities, if you will. Like Cafe Kem on Eat Street, MGM reminds me of home where the Global Market is the city itself. It's chock-full of different ethnic restaurants, as well as several grocery stores, stalls selling anything from African art to Hmong-culture-inspired apparel and accessories. On a weekend it gets pretty busy but not claustrophobic busy, which I like. It's fun to just walk around and explore the different stalls, maybe buy some organic spinach from The Produce Exchange or hummus from Holy Land (gotta love those 2-for-1 deals!). I've actually only ever tried the falafels from Holy Land and the sweets from Salty Tart when I visit there; both are quite epic on their own rights, thus deserving of their own Yelp! review. Next up, I really want to try all the other food stalls. Yep, I'm gonna attempt and try them all (man, that's a lot of rides on the 5 bus to Chicago Ave). Which is why I give MGM the 5 yelp stars. It houses all these amazing small businesses and hosts events that promote local businesses (like aforementioned craft show).
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,2/1/2011,129,109,6,4,8>Mmmkay, so I've been to the St. Paul sit-down joint with no windows and I've ordered from the uptown location multiple times. I must say, the pizza remains similar every time I get it, regardless of the location. ITS A FOODIE MIRACLE! The pizzas here are round, feature square cut pieces with little to zero actual crust parts, and contain heaps of lightly browned cheese. The sauce is spicy and punches you in the face a little bit. You may need a little extra cheap beer to wash that down. The pizzas are served/delivered so hot they'll melt your fucking face off. Awwwweeeeesome. Caveat: If you order pepperoni on your pizza, you better like the meatza. They cover it very evenly with pepperoni, but every time they put one on its actually like, four. Just notifying you ahead of time.This pizza is one of the few that I've had in the cities that is good the first time, good cold the next morning, and STILL GOOD after reheating for the next day's lunch. Its a little on the pricey side and there are only two sizes (small and huge, essentially). But... Savoy uptown has coupons every now and then that totally make it worth the price.I can't believe I haven't reviewed Savoy until now. You should go order from there, like yesterday.And the kicker... Savoy Uptown was still delivering at 11pm on the day of the December 2010 blizzard/snowmaggedon/snowpocalypse. Totally amazing.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,1/31/2011,20,81,4,8,4>This is one of the greatest pizzas I've ever eaten, hands down.  And I have eaten a LOT of pizza in my life.Heard many great tales of the football pizza.  Was drawn in by the dancing robots on the website, not to mention a $2 off coupon I had.  We got a large meat lover's pizza.  Spicy.  Lots of green sauce.  The pizza was HUGE.  I smelled the green sauce and only got cilantro.  Was a bit apprehensive about it, but was quickly proved oh so very wrong.  It was somehow the perfect compliment to this pizza.  The sauce had a little kick to it, there was a lovely amount of cheese (this ain't no punch pizza - pile it on!) and halal toppings, all piled on the most amazing chewy pita-like crust.  We sat and inhaled the majority between two of us.  We took the rest home (slathered in green sauce, of course) and ate it for breakfast the next day.  Still delicious.  I wanted more, even with the stomach ache I suffered through the night before from having consumed way too much pizza in a short amount of time.  Worth it!I will be back when I have a pizza craving.  I will drive my ass over there to pick it up, I don't even care.  This is so much better than anything I can get delivered to my house.  I want more right now after talking about it, and I just had it last night.  Seriously, try the football pizza.  It is dreamy.Also, visit their website.  A hilarious blast back to websites circa 1997.  I love the robot!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,1/30/2011,12,96,6,2,6>Make one thing and make it really well - the magic formula for Lion's Tap, where they've mastered the cheeseburger. Their menu is all of six items long, but you don't need any more options than that. My cheeseburger was oh so juicy and smothered in cheese and onions. Burger nirvana, my friends. The medals and the awards on the wall say it all - this is the BEST burger in town!Service is super speedy and friendly. And can we talk about affordability for a moment? For less than $20, both JP and I were blissfully stuffed with burgers and fries. The atmosphere is definitely casual, so don't feel bad chowing on that burger with a little ketchup on your chin. No one will mind because they all know that mid-burger at Lion's Tap, your one mission is to savor each bite of meaty perfection.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,1/29/2011,186,185,,10,6>You can talk all you want about what they're good at but that's not what I'm writing about today...Anchor is clearly known for their fish and chips and I won't refute that. The Filet of Cod deep fried to perfection was amazing. Crispy and crunchy on the outside, buttery on the inside. The portion was gigantic and for $8.50, a deal in my book.Instead...Anchor blew me away by how much they cared about their patrons. Today wasn't about customer service, it was about compassion and going the extra mile to be more than the average restaurant.We walked in at 11:15 waiting for fish and chips. We were hungry after visiting the local farmer's market. Unfortunately, the restaurant only served breakfast until noon. Our bad, we didn't know. We went walking around NE for about 40 mins and came back.We placed our order around noon and waited patiently as the fish and chips started churning out of the kitchen. Since we sat at the bar, we were even more intrigued by the systematic way they pushed these delectable entrees out.After the first batch came out, they surprised themselves by making an additional order of Fish N chips. Not knowing where it should go, the chef said "hey these guys are tired of waiting..give it to them". So I graciously accepted my order early as we waited for Mrs. G's Burger to arrive.Then a startling moment arrived. When the burger was done, I got ANOTHER order of Fish N chips! I asked him why and he said..we had extra.Whoa.To say the least, the burger was incredible, the fish awesome, and chips needed crisp but still very good.Second Startling moment came when we got our bill. We were pleased to discover that they also took off Mrs. G's burger for making us wait a merely extra 5-10 minutes!Another Whoa.So for two Fish N chips and a burger, we only paid for one Fish N chips order because they cared about our business. Needless to say, I left them a tip big enough to make up the difference. Well deserved.It's businesses like these that give the little guys a great name. I'll gladly come back due to their kindness.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,1/28/2011,102,126,,17,5>This is one of the best mom & pop ethnic restaurants I've been to yet in the south metro.  YUM.  We will be back, plus they offer free delivery if you spend $15.  Definitely grab a menu, and magnet (good idea Nha Sang) so you can dial them up on those lazy nights when you don't feel like cooking.So....on to the food.  Nha Sang's menu features Tibetan, Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, Monogolian, Japanese, Chinese and Himalayan dishes. They have the good ol' standards like Sesame Chicken, Pad Thai and Pho and then more unusual picks like Walleye in Jalapeno Basil Sauce.  I split the Cranberry Curry with Scallops ($12) with a friend  and I can't reccommend it enough.  WOW.  It was so good and there was tons of food.  You can easily split this between two and considering the price, it's a steal.  The hubby had the Tibetan style Shapta ($10) (sliced beef with onion, green scallions, jalapenos and Tibetan style bread) and that was delish too. Go check them out. Service was excellent and you're supporting a local family owned business.  What's not to like?
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,1/27/2011,240,322,4,5,5>Good food, same standard at The Tea House in Plymouth. The tofu with vegetable soup for two can easily serve four ($7). Really enjoyed this light brothy soup with tofu, chinese black mushrooms, savoy cabbage. Boiled fish in szechuan spices is not for the faint-hearted. It is spicy, and comes swimming in thick and generously oily sauce, with fish, cabbage and bean sprouts and tofu. Did I say it's spicy? Tasted heavenly with sticky rice.. The ambiance is somewhat hard and cold, kind of like Risotto's decor. Four of us ordered a soup each and three appetizers and a hot tea - came to an unbelievable $12.05 for each! Caution: Do not expect service. We had to practically stand up and do jumping jacks to catch the attention of the waiter and the waitress. My friend was certain the waitress would bite us if we asked her for a hot tea refill.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,1/26/2011,25,59,1,4,6>On the same day that I made the horrendous trip to Mel-O-Glaze I stopped at A Baker's Wife. The boyfriend was still asleep and wouldn't wake up for a couple hours. I wanted to check out some legit bakeries. A Baker's Wife was the best. Mel-O-Glaze... err, not so much. I don't mind paying in cash. Big deal. Since I do my research before going to a new place I already knew to bring a couple bucks. Luckily, a couple bucks is all you need since everything is very cheap.  The staff is prompt and not too sugary-sweet (lolz pun). The place is small and always busy/crowded, but that is how a person knows it's good, right?!I got a couple of cake donuts (they were perfect), a caramel roll (ooey gooey ooooh baby!), and an almond croissanty thinger doodle. Very good. The boyfriend enjoyed them. I will definitely go back when I have another active morning. Usually I just slump over in a corner until I have coffee to spill down my throat. Bottom line? Thank god it's such a trek from my place... I'd be huge if it wasn't!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,1/25/2011,169,466,3,5,6>5-8 and The Nook, step aside.  In my humble opinion, these folks have topped ya.    A small place, nothing fancy.  Super friendly service, not the fastest, but worth the wait.  I'll happily enjoy my Surley Furious while I wait for my Blucy.  Cajun was my first try.  The perfect amount of heat, what a delish burger.  Fries were good, so were the deep fried green beans. I'll be back to work my way through the menu, one Blucy at a time...and maybe a taste of my dinner mate's next time too!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,1/24/2011,66,131,2,5,3>The lunch that I had at Gourmet Gallery today was one of the best that I can ever remember having.  We started with a bread basket that came with three different dollops of butter - one just lightly salted, another with caramelized onions and parmesan, and the third was a strawberry butter that would be phenomenal on toast for breakfast (or on its own for dessert...but that's kind weird).  We were out of our minds with delight, the flavors were awesome.  Next came the salad, which was butter lettuce with pancetta, green beans and a basil vinaigrette that was very light but absolutely amazing - we stopped just short of licking the plate (if we hadn't eaten all the bread just so that we could enjoy the butter we could have had some left to wipe the salad plate clean with...think of this when you go there!)Then...the entrees.  My boyfriend had a burger and fries, and I'm pretty sure that the GG not only cuts their own fries but they might make their own pickles too.  They were a little on the sweet side, crunchy and I would snack on them all day if I could (the fries too, now that I think about it).  I ordered the tortellini...oh, the tortellini.  I'm swooning.  The pasta was clearly made fresh this morning and it was perfect.  It was not at all heavy like a lot of pasta, but very delicate and soft.  The mint was a fantastic addition to the dish and the roasted cherry tomatoes seemed like they were each individually seasoned and then gingerly placed on my plate.  The bed of yellow squash (or zucchini as it was listed on the menu) was cooked to perfection.  I am actually not able to find words that could describe it as well as it deserves.If I haven't gotten the point across already, make an effort to go to the Gallery - especially if you work downtown!  They are only open at lunch (11am - 1pm).  The service was awesome - all the students rotate between working on the floor and in the kitchen, and its clear that they're passionate about what they are creating.  Also - HUGE points for this - it's totally affordable.  Our meal came to less than $30 total, and it was five star restaurant caliber.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,7/1/2010,35,92,1,4,4>A week or so ago, I ordered pizza from Galactic, and when we got it I was shocked: it wasn't delicious.The cheese was burnt, the crust was dry as a bone, and it just wasn't up to the Galactic awesomeness I expect.After much hemming and hawing, I decided to call Galactic to explain that the pizza wasn't awesome like it usually was.  I was nervous, because I love Galactic, and I didn't want things to be awkward between us.As soon as I said, "burnt cheese," they immediately offered to send another pizza straight away - no asking for a refund on my part, no making me feel judged for my complaint, just great service with kindness and competence.The next pizza?  Just as delicious as I expect.This is GREAT business.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,6/30/2010,21,139,,4,4>I was so happy to see this space with a restaurant in it again. The interior is beautiful if you are a fan of Art Deco.  A coworker and I  walked the two blocks from work to Forum for a late lunch, for the express purpose of having the Bison Reuben.The service was prompt  and the food was well presented.  The Reuben was awesome.  Nice crunch to the bread, a marbled rye.  Wonderful, overall.  The battered fries were tasty and crisp and flavorful homemade ketchup made them all the more enjoyable.  The prices were a little higher than an old favorite, Manhattans, but it isn't out of line for experience.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,6/29/2010,29,101,,3,2>This is a great place to come any time of year. In summer there's mini golf, paddle boating, gondola rides.  Those can be a little pricey, but you can also enjoy the lovely flower-lined paths, have a rest on one of the many swings strategically placed around the lake, catch an evening concert at the amphitheater, or bring a picnic lunch and sit in the shade at the tables by the club house. In winter the entire lake is open for ice skating, and there are 2 hockey rinks on the south end. If you bring your own skates it's a couple of hours of free fun. Otherwise they rent skates (and sell concessions) in the club house. Skate for a while, warm up inside with hot chocolate by the fire, and go back out for more skating. It's a fun winter's evening. I don't know of any other places like this in the Twin Cities area where you can just stop by for some free wholesome fun any time.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,6/28/2010,123,249,2,5,4>This is my new favorite bar in Minneapolis!  Swanky, posh, and not pretentious.  The live DJ spins fabulous dance music and people start dancing after a few cocktails.  The crowd is classy and it gets pretty packed later in the evening.  We went on Sat. night and our vodka tonics were only $7 which is reasonable for an upscale place like this; I'm pretty sure they used Grey Goose vodka too!  I didn't even know this place existed until I ate at Manny's; this lounge is like a hidden jewel in Mpls.!  I highly recommend taking your out of town friends here.  Part of the decor reminds me of Lady Gaga's Bad Romance video.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,6/27/2010,36,404,2,4,4>This is my second time here, and I love this place!! It's close to Como Park, and is a great place to bring kids! (but don't let that distract you, there is a very distinct "grown-up" area as well!! There are two very separate  rooms in this place, and people know their boundaries.)They have about 15-20 gumball trinket machines lining the wall and a cool wooden train kids can climb in and all over while their moms enjoy chatting with each other for a change. There are also lots of conveniently placed books to read aloud...including to my surprise the READ-ALOUD version of Little House in the Big Woods...my kind of place. I also saw some people playing games, so I think they may had some of those to borrow as well.They do have daily specials, and Tim and I got chicken quesadillas to share for six bucks.  They were pretty good and came with some homemade chips, but not the best thing I've ever had. The thing I like about this place is that although it's coffee-focused they do serve food-good food-not just yogurt cups or breakfast sandwiches...I also had a cup of the potato-sausage soup which was pretty OK, had a little kick, and came with a side of grilled bread. I had a bite of my husband's turtle pie, which was way too sweet for me, but obviously, if you order turtle anything, you know that's coming...The cold press was fantastic as well.I haven't even checked out the patio yet-but will this summer. It's kind of a nice place for me to go with my friends who have kids, because the train keeps them busy so we can talk, and they don't have to get a babysitter just to hang out with their non-kid friends.AND they serve Izzie's ice cream which I sampled the last time I came.The thing about getting my coffee at a place like this vs. Starbucks is that I have a memory of the day and place when I'm through....it was a nice place to go after work and veg out with my knitting and do a crossword puzzle with Tim G.  It's the little things...By the way..it's a total cop hangout. They must like the pie.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,6/26/2010,170,391,10,19,12>Once upon a  time Landon Schoenefeld burned my hashbrowns at The Wienery. And he was a snot about it. So everyday when I passed the soon-to-open Haute Dish on the way home from work, all I could think about was those burnt hashbrowns. If this guy couldn't properly cook hashbrowns, how the hell was he going to open a damn restaurant?Well, it was my three year anniversary yesterday, and I read a review of Haute Dish on Heavy Table, and decided that I needed to see if this guy could cook. And damn, he can. We had the Soup of The Moment, which was Ham & Potato& friggin' awesome. I think it takes the number three spot in my Twin Cities soup list. The veggies still had a bit of crunch, and the cream sauce didn't feel super heavy, and packed a bunch of flavor.We had the Mac N' Cheese, which was good. I am rarely one to complain about price v. portion, but for $14, the portion here is pretty skimpy. Also, I don't know where Landon Schoenefeld draws the line between al Dente and undercooked, but these noodles were exploring that boundary.So, here's where the five star review comes in. Friggin' Tater Tot Hot Dish. Amazing. Redemption for those burnt hashbrowns, x 4. A fat hunk of succulent meat, with these amazing tots of potato puree. Big portion. I couldn't finish, but the boy was happy to finish it for me.The boy had the Steak N' Potatoes, honestly just so he could have the marrow. He chose the Flat Iron steak, because he normally doesn't like steak. This dish cost $18.  He said it was his second favorite steak of all time, next to a $160 steak he had ate elsewhere. This steak was cooked perfectly, was amazingly juicy, and the flavors were, for the lack of a better term, off the hook. The potatoes cooked in duck confit weren't too shabby either.Place is cute, service was great, and I left totally satisfied. Although, it was a tad weird that there were three sinks in the one stall bathroom. Made me curious. We will be back soon. I really want to try the Creamed Peas on Toast, and the Duck in a Can remains a mystery.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,6/25/2010,271,845,3,15,7>Sen Yai Sen Lek is a gem. It keeps getting better each time I go back and is one of only a handful of Thai restaurants that I've been to in the US that accurately recreates the flavors I encountered regularly in Thailand itself.First the foremost, this is probably one of only a couple Thai restaurants in the Twin Cities where you can be guaranteed to get a meal without fish sauce, without shrimp paste and without any other animal product. The staff and owners here understand and respect veganism and go to great lengths to make sure we are accommodated, and in fine style, I might add (separate veg*n menu, numerous veg*n appetizers, entrees and desserts, and friendly staff that always finds answers to your questions).Secondly the food here is simply excellent. The curries and stir-frys are robust and complex and never feel watered down or simplified like at practically every other Thai restaurant in the Twin Cities (I'm looking at you, Tum Rup Thai and your Uptown clones). Too often does Thai food get turned into either piddling pad thai or soy sauce stir-frys over white rice; at Sen Yai, on the other hand, you'll get a dish loaded with herbs, a multitude of Thai chilis, and tricky variations of from-scratch, hard-to-make curry pastes. You never get the sense that Sen Yai takes shortcuts in its preparation.Third, Sen Yai Sen Lek really listens to its customers and makes changes quickly. The first time I went they didn't have a separate veg*n menu. The second time they did have a veg*n menu, though my noodle dish seemed a little bland. When I came back the third time my next dish was wonderfully spicy and hearty. The fourth time I went they didn't have brown rice but their green curry with tofu was still stunning and substantial in its spice levels and overall heft. Finally, the latest time I went, the panang curry with mock duck ($11.95) was fragrant, rich, and now came with brown rice.I also had a dessert, black beans with sticky rice and coconut milk ($4.95) which really hit the spot. You'll often see sticky rice with mango or banana, but rarely do you see unusual ingredients such as black beans. In another testament to Sen Yai Sen Lek's quality and attention-to-detail, the dessert came with a little twig of mint leaves. This doesn't sound like much, but it's something I have never seen at any other Thai restaurant, and it added that much more flavor, complexity and interest to the dessert.Finally, this is a great place either for a quick, affordable lunch (lunch specials are around $8-9), or an intimate, extended dinner date. They have a good selection of beer and wine and the interior decoration is warm and inviting. I highly recommend Sen Yai Sen Lek.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,6/24/2010,28,83,,11,2>Walking into Amici the décor is urban, industrial, yet cozy with warming Tuscan colors.  Music is nice chill vibe with mostly classic Italian tunes in the background.  The Caesar salad was fantastic!  Caesar salads can be hit or miss, and this one is a hit!  The house salad was a nice simple dressing, almost exactly the same dressing that my Italian family makes on a weekly basis.  Pizza, very flavorful, the oven dried tomatoes were crazy sweet, spinach, mozzarella, and the roasted shaved garlic all came together nicely.   The crust is just right, half way between Pizza Nea, and Punch.Baked Penne with breadcrumbs.  Once again the tomato sauce was amazingly sweet.  Maybe a bit too much bread crumbs for my liking.  It was a great dish for sure.    You know your getting what you pay for when you get such flavorful tomato sauce.  This means that they are not skimping on the type of tomato sauce; my guess is San Marzano tomatoes! The highlight of the night for sure was the dessert.   We got the Flourless Chocolate cake with caramel salted ice cream with walnuts.   The Cake was not the extremely dense flourless cake that you typically find in restaurants.  It was more like that, mixed with a molten lava type chocolate cake.   So delicious, especially combined with the ice cream.  A couple weeks ago I had salted chocolate, at Pairings in Eden Prairie, which was amazing, now salted Ice Cream.  I know realize that salt, in the right proportion, makes everything better.Next visit I will absolutely be ordering the Bolognese.   Oh man, maybe the braised beef.  Who knows?  What I do know is that I'll be back real soon!They don't have their liquor license yet, so maybe you can bring your own bottle.  Might be worth it to ask them when you call to make your reservations.   I'd highly recommend reservations because this place is going to be filling up.  High quality food, high quality service.  Great space.  Solid NE neighborhood. This place has it all.  Let's hope they can keep it up!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,6/23/2010,63,127,8,5,5>When you visit Salty Tart, don't lie that you're buying extra pastries to-go for your friends, family, staff, etc.  That's a lie.  You know you're buying all those delicious baked goods for yourself to enjoy later on in the comfort of your own home.  But don't feel guilty for doing so.  Enjoy them in public and be proud!I purchased extra to-go goods for my "family" but accidentally left them in my car on the hottest day of Spring so far!  Ratz!  As soon as I remembered, I shoved them in my refrigerator and started praying that everything would be okay and that the James Beard Award winning chef would forgive me for almost ruining these pieces of deliciousness.But - a day later, I was still able to enjoy the chocolate off my cupcakes and rich, melt-in-your-mouth baked... just... amazingness!  I also recommend the lemon-vanilla cupcakes, the oatmeal cherry cookies, and the cheesecake tart.  The passion fruit chocolate cake is aight because the chocolate mouse triffle makes up for it... yum... triiiiffle.And yes, I have tried all of these... err, I mean... my family has.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,6/22/2010,65,260,,7,3>Yep a full 5 stars.  That's because this little joint rocks some of the best pizza's I've had this side of the Mississippi.  They are all cooked in a stone oven and the curst comes out thin, light and crispy.  There are two sides to the menu, one for pizza with red sauce and one for pizza with white sauce.  They have a great spicy sausage that my boyfriend and brother loved.  I enjoy the margarita pizza with all the fresh basil and cheese.  They have a nice yet unpretentious wine and beer list with a soft quiet atmosphere.  They also decorate with local artist's works that rotates often.  Doesn't get any better than this folks.Note: some people compare it to Punch Pizza, but I think punch serves soggy-under cooked pizzas in a loud environment.  Pizza Nea It is located a block north of Punch in NE .  I urge you to take the short walk and try it out.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,5/31/2010,18,45,9,7,11>I have a picture somewhere of me, probably about three years old, toddling around Matt's.  I am almost positive that nothing at Matt's has changed in the intervening two decades.Matt's has a menu, but it is there merely as a matter of form.  Matt's makes hamburgers.  And cheeseburgers.  And one very special burger called a Juicy Lucy.  It is delicious and you should have (at least) one before you die.  Your choices for sides are an order of french fries or a half-order of french fries.  They too are delicious.Matt's sells beer.  If you're looking for the latest microbrew, you're in the wrong place.  I would suggest Primo.  I suspect they have wine as well, although I have never felt the need to ask.Twenty years from now, when Italian/Szechuan fusion cuisine and scent-infused meringue are all the rage, I remain confident that Matt's will still be there.  They'll be selling delicious burgers.  And fries.  And beer.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,5/30/2010,128,296,11,11,8>Paul the Plumber rescued me today.I'm one of those people who isn't fortunate enough to have been born with the common sense required to handle simple fixes around the home.  And no, I'm not ashamed to admit that me and common sense aren't like peas in a pod.  I need to be supervised!In fact, my father, a retired mechanic, has actually forbidden me from ever learning how to change my own flat tire or the oil in my car on account of my poor ranking on the common sense scale.  He says he'll rest easier knowing that I'll never attempt either of these seemingly simple fixes on my own because I'd probably do permanent damage to myself, the vehicle or both.He and my husband actually talk smack about me in this regard.  But it's all good.  I know they do it and I know they love me, even though thy consider me incompetent.Anyway, one of the ancient rubber hoses behind my washing machine burst this morning and turned into a geyser in my basement.  I failed miserably at trying to turn the water off myself and was unsuccesful at finding a neighbor to help.  I was home alone with the baby when Paul came to the rescue.  He was courteous.  He worked fast.  He explained what he was doing and why it needed to be done.  His price was reasonable.  And like the previous reviewer mentioned, he really does love what he does because it came up in conversation (he's a really personable guy!)I'd absolutely recommend his services and if I ever need to be rescued from another plumbing emergency, Paul's my go-to guy.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,5/29/2010,45,252,,5,3>Five stars for the fun, funky atmosphere: Victor's is a patched-together building that reminds me of rural Minnesota supper clubs (ceilings and floors of different heights, tiny bathroom, views directly into the kitchen) decorated with graffiti and tropical-bright oilcloth on the tables.I ate a sandwich here a couple years ago and was underwhelmed, but tried it again this weekend with friends. Glad I went back! We got an appetizer sampler (cheese and ham fritters, two types of empanadas, plantains.) The cheese and pepper filled empanada was a standout. For an entree, I ordered shrimp because I just wasn't in the mood for something porky. Then when everyone else got the ropas viejas, etc., I was jealous. Everyone shared bites, the pork creations were really good. (The shrimp was fine, too, just probably not the best thing to order here.)I would like to try Victor's at breakfast. Looks like lots of fun!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,5/28/2010,35,41,6,7,6>If I said I didn't eat here last night for dinner AND again today for lunch, I'd be totally lying.  Yep, twice in 12 hours.  Oh, my sweet lord.The last time I visited Evergreen (at the time of my last review, nearly a year ago), I thought it was "okay, but nothing really special."  I hadn't gone back not because I didn't enjoy it, but because I really don't go out to eat much, and when I have over the past year, I didn't feel an overwhelming desire to return to Evergreen.  That has definitely changed now!Between last night & today, we had the Vegetarian Spring Rolls (with sweet & sour sauce), Three Cup Tofu, Sweet & Sour Mock Chicken, Lemongrass Mock Beef, House Style Eggplant with Basil, and Pepper Fried Mock Pork.Everything was AMAZING.  The Three Cup Tofu was very delicately flavored & aromatic (and intensely delicious), the Eggplant melted in my mouth & was perfectly seasoned, and the Lemongrass Mock Beef had a perfect texture & tasted divine.  The Spring Rolls and Sweet & Sour Veg Chicken are nothing "special," but they're tasty nonetheless & a nice treat to remind me of the Americanized Chinese food I ate growing up.  (Everything else is not "Americanized," but rather very authentic.)  My boyfriend & mom loved the Mock Pork, and while I liked the flavor, I couldn't get over the texture - it reminded me way too much of real pork (which would be a good thing for some people).  I actually asked the waitress twice if she was SURE it was the vegetarian pork because I haven't had pork from a pig in probably 5 years, and it looked too real to me...  The flavor was great, but for me, the texture was too "meaty."  (This isn't a complaint, and as I said, both my bf & mom loved it.  I just wouldn't order it again for me, personally, as meat skeeves me out.)The atmosphere still leaves a lot to be desired, but I could be served this food in a damp cellar with a dirt floor & not care.  (And actually, when I was in there this time around, it didn't look as "cafeteria like" as I remembered from a year ago.)  I also love that Evergreen is family-owned & run.  It's always great  to support local businesses!Anyway, I could go on & on (and on & on) raving about this food.  But in summary, it's incredible.  I will be back often.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,5/27/2010,39,332,4,3,3>We were driving home and realized the gym was closed early so we decided we would replace the gym with ice cream. :o)  We drove by this place a few times previously and had been wanting to try it so we went to go check it out.  First off the look of the place is great..  I'm guessing it was an old gas station that they've converted and it looks awesome.  The only thing I would suggest is that they could have moved the cash register on the inside to a different spot because there isn't a lot of room for a line if there is one.  Other than that they have great seating and entertainment within the building.  I had the flavor of the day (Bavarian Mint) in a waffle cone and it was delicious.  I can't say its the best I've ever had since that title belongs to Kopp's in Wisconsin.  However the custard was smooth and melted pretty fast so you know its made with the good stuff.  The only thing I didn't really like was the cone itself.  I think in the future I will stick to either a shake or a sundae.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,5/26/2010,40,35,15,1,4>Watched a cop car slowly follow a pug on a leash (sans owner) down the middle of Lyndale. I laughed so hard I had to pull my car over to catch my breath.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,5/25/2010,154,274,3,7,4>I Like You, I love you!!!!!!!!This store is so freakin' cute that my head almost explodedinto rainbows, stars and bunny rabbits.The look of the store is everything I would want my own store to look like.They have astro-turf carpeting that is super cooland truly unique fixtures to showcase their merch on.All the products are made by local crafters and artists.Everything I saw was something I totally wanted, so kudos to Sarah and Angela for choosing good product.You can feel good spending money at this storeknowing that your money is going to a local artist.All the prodcuts were not only incredibly creative,but they appear to be quality made.If you're stumped on a gift for a friend, definitely come to this store, the recipient of your gift will never have anything like it!The owners of the store are really nice and welcoming.I talked with Sarah at length about her store and random stuff.She is really friendly and was really easy to talk to.I wanted to get a gift that was Minneapolis-y for my friend to take back to Seattle with himand she was really quick with a bunch of great ideas.I really enjoyed chatting with her.And her son is adorable!!He was watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtlesin the kid's cubby that the owners built for kids to play inwhile their parents shop.It was a cool and I don't think I'd be able to describe it if I even tried!I'm definitely coming back here to do some Christmas shopping!This store is awesome!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,5/24/2010,35,24,7,9,6>Dear Aura, I love you.  I just really consistently love you. (Please say you love me back.  Please say you love me back.)  Regardless, there aren't a lot of restaurants I can say that about, which I believe, says something.Aura's location both helps and hinders its success.  The Hennepin facing, Calhoun Square location gives it the potential for tons of pedestrian traffic, but the footprint is awkwardly situated just beyond the Calhoun Square entry doors on Hennepin and next to a row of blank store fronts whose shops face into the mall, which makes this place somewhat hidden.So if you can find it - man, you are in luck.  The happy hour menu runs all day.  WHO DOES THAT? Aura that's who. Because they love you.  My favorites are the BLT sandwiches (light and not overly filling) and the pancaesar calzone (but let's be honest, I order and eat both of these in their entirety, which leaves me bloated but happy.  I have no self control here; the food is just that good.)  It's bar food, yes.  But somehow, better.To address the below review about the service sucking, maybe it was your entitled Groupon attitude. I can't say for sure because I don't know you.  But I can say with the utmost objectivity that I have never received anything but super attentive, infectiously personable and downright offensively charming waitstaff. Bar None.  Vannessa is best of the best in the Twin Cities.If you live near Calhoun, make this place your modern day Cheers. Keep up the good work, Aura. Love, Holly
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,5/23/2010,84,289,5,10,4>My girlfriend and I descended on Alma late one saturday night for our final fancy meal of the year. She has been to Alma before, and itching to return; I was a first timer.But enough of the chit-chat, let's get to the main event. The prix fixe three course dinner. I like to think of dining out as a competitive event, so let's see who won round by round.Round 1: saladMe: Belgian endive w/ orange and king crabGF: Bitter green salad with dates, avocado and yogurt dressingWinner: GF, her ingredients played together much better than mine. The endive seemed like flavorless, edible plates delivering citrusy crab to my mouth.Round 2: grainsMe: Polenta with egg and baconGF: Gnochi alla romano, with gorgonzola and fig jam.Winner: Close, but again my GF's gnochi just edged out my polenta. It was a homey delight, but in the end it seemed just a little too basic.Round 3: main courseMe: Duck, 2 waysGF: Striped BassWinner: Not even close. My duck blew away the bass. I'd go even further and say it was the MVP of the evening. The duck breast had a bit of crispy skin, and a wonderfully tender, medium-rare cooked flesh. The duck sausage was freshly made and mesquite smoked. Best duck I've ever had.Bonus round: dessertMe: Chestnut crepeGF: Ginger cakeWinner: Tossup. Maybe we shouldn't have ordered dessert at all, neither of us was really hurting for more to eat. The crepe has a very good flavor, but it seemed a little one note. The ginger cake had some interesting flavor combinations, but seemed to bog down in the sheer cakiness of the dish. Feelings were not strong in either direction on the dishes.Decision: Girlfriend wins, 2-1-1, and that's just as well. The evening was supposed to be about her anyway.And of course, in a way I suppose we were all winners. Alma is a classy, understated little restaurant. Some dishes are home runs, some are merely solid base hits. The wait staff could be a little more attentive, and I wish their wine menu had a some less expensive options (as well as some descriptions!), but all in all a fine place to grab a classy meal.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,5/22/2010,91,344,2,6,3>Best. Margaritas. Ever.Don't let the bright orangish yellow exterior fool you . .. Sweet little mexican restaurant within walking distance of my house.  Everything that I have tried there is great, my fave is the shrimp tacos.  Delicious.  Friend also had some fajitas in a mole sauce, also very good.But back to the maragaritas - cheap, cold and awesome - perfect for the 90 degree day that we had yesterday.  The wait staff is always very friendly and nice and the service is great.  It's a must see.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/31/2014,18,125,,6,3>LOVE FINNISH BISTRO!We came here because of a deal and are quite happy that we did. We are planning to come back because of the quality of food and service.We had pulled pork, grilled cheese, and a walnut burger for our meals. They were all phenomenal. I was shocked at the flavor packed into the pulled pork sandwich and would never have guessed that a walnut burger could taste so good. My hubby and I usually share what we get, but didn't let that go beyond a couple bites.The food is fresh and obviously made with care, love, and attention to detail.It is combined with a Dunn Bros., so space can get tight during busy times.If you're in the area or just looking for something unexpected and memorable in a good way, this is a place for you.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/30/2014,731,659,2,14,6>Met up with some friends who were doing a Mpls brewery tour last night; luckily for us we were able to join up with them at this new cool place. As others have said, it's great to have options to the brewery community. This place just opened last month on Black Friday; so very new spot. Very easy to find on my iPhone with the yelp app. Parking lot was a plenty -- and inside was a comfortable full amount of patrons around... 7-8pm or so. They have a few beers and the "graffs" (or ciders). I went with the cHOP graff - which was excellent. My husband went with the dry cider, also very tasty. You can purchase by the glass or flights - - i think the flights were $7 for 4 small glasses. Really liked the vibe at this place... we'll definitely be back. Oh yeah, and they did have a food truck outside too!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,3/29/2014,101,208,1,6,2>This place rocks my socks for three reasons:(1) TVS! There are not a lot of places in downtown Minneapolis with ginormous screens that do not turn into a dancefloor post 9pm. They have 10+ screens, all showing a different football game. Win! (2) Giant pretzels! I'm sure the brats are good, I'm already eyeing the chicken gouda for my next visit. Our group ordered the most lovely large pretzel, enough to feed a group of 6, along with four (yes, four!) different kinds of mustard.(3) Beer! During their HH I had a summit epa for $3.41. Random price, but I don't ask question on smoking deals like that. They have a great list of beers on tap and three different kinds of hard cider. Lining up the next time to visit!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,3/28/2014,84,128,4,8,7>I've been a fan of the Smack Shack truck and their menu at the 1029 Bar, so I was pretty pumped to see that they finally opened about a block away from my office. When they added lunch hours? I was positively thrilled. I'm a big proponent of a lunch time indulgence.I am wild about their clam chowder, rock shrimp po-boy, and the ceviche. I am less than thrilled with the fried oyster sliders...mine had 90% breading, 10% oysters.They also have a happy hour, which consists of some of the best deals in town. $3 for their INSANELY good short rib tacos. Succulent beef, bright pickled onions, and creamy sauce = major win.  Oh! I almost forgot their slaw. Well, it's divine and mayo-less and I am obsessed. It is so bright and crisp. All in all, great place to eat, albeit a little spendy for a lunch date.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,3/27/2014,30,101,5,9,7>It took me a really long time to go here because I had heard it was just "okay".  Whoever told me that was either a liar or just ordered something that their taste buds didn't like.  Personally, I loved this restaurant and I can't wait to come back.  Service was fast, I always like that.  Server didn't refill my soda, which I usually hate, but I loved the food so much I could have cared less at the time.I got the Prime Skirt.  I don't know if I didn't see the reviews or what, but I feel like I haven't seen anyone talk about it.  IT IS THE BEST.  I would probably have to rate this at either #2 or #3 for my favorite steak.  It had so much flavor it was crazy!  I let my family sample it and they all agreed that mine was the best dish on the table.  My mom got the Double Cut Berkshire Pork Chop.  It was cooked perfectly!  A little too much on the syrup and berry-flavor side for me though.Brother got a sample of the sausages.  I don't remember which ones he got but they were pretty good.  There was one with cheese stuffed inside and that was REALLY good.Dessert was the highlight of the meal though.  I ordered the S'mores not expecting much because I've had s'mores desserts before at restaurants and each time I wasn't impressed because they never had their own spin on the whole thing.  Seriously the marshmallow is the best one I've ever had!  It was really soft and not the kind of texture you get from the ones at the store.  There was chocolate inside the marshmallow too!  Instead of regular graham crackers, they used the chocolate kind which I thought worked well with it and didn't make it taste like too much chocolate.  I am really sensitive to rich tasting desserts b/c they make me gag, so this wasn't bad at all.  They also had crushed some of the graham crackers and that made even more amazing.  The best part was the scoop of coffee ice cream though.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,3/26/2014,147,73,11,10,15>This is a historic moment for me.  I am writing my THIRD 5-star review for George & The Dragon.  Talk about a trifecta, I want the "tri" everything on this menu because I haven't found anything less than perfection.The family and I stopped by for lunch on Saturday and were pleasantly surprised that we could get seated right away.  Hubs got the Asian Hangover (one of my favs) and I got the Dragon Burger.  The burger was done to perfection.  It was medium rare, topped with pepper jack cheese, pickled peppers and a chipotle mayo.  Serious party in my mouth!  I got half way through my burger and hubs asked if we could swap meals.  -Insert dagger eyes here - What is he thinking??!  I hesitantly said yes, and glad I did because I fell in love with the Asian Hangover all over again.  I got Dakota the kids Banger and Mash.  I wasn't sure how the 20-month old would be able to handle a traditional British meal of sausage, mashed potatoes, and gravy but this kid slayed it!  Holy man, he inhaled the entire thing and probably would've licked the plate if we let him.  That's my BOY!!!  On top of the entire family loving all the food, the experience of the super knowledgeable staff, all the books and games in Paco's corner, and the staple of friendly Fred (the owner) that always makes you feel so good about being there, it is the perfect formula to get three 5-star reviews from this gal. Job well done Fred and team!  Looking forward to visiting again!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,3/25/2014,51,264,2,6,3>It is with a Hammer Heart that I review this brewery.  Here's a new brewery in the north metro that is capable of producing a lot of good varieties of beer.  When I went they didn't have flights going, so I managed to try two brews, the Hostol Harvest Ale & the British Invasion Pale.   Both were delightful beers to drink in a setting that is characteristic of a viking tavern.  All they need to add are large steins overflowing with beer!  While I wasn't satisfied with just 2 decent brews, I wanted to gamble a little and grabbed a growler of the Badetiss Blonde.  I figured you can't really go wrong with a blonde.  It ended up being a smooth beer to drink with a smoky after taste.  That was the surprise with the blonde I guess.  Overall, I will be coming back to try more of their beers.  I think they have a bit of work to do still on the establishment and the beers will only get better with time.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,3/24/2014,276,606,9,15,12>I wanted to go somewhere good for dinner just because so I took my boyfriend out last Friday. After reading reviews on Yelp, I knew I had to go here.As other reviewers have said, it is a casual atmosphere so wearing jean capris and a shirt I threw on after work was totally acceptable. The dining room is small so make a reservation! There are a few seats at the bar too, not sure if you can eat there though. The restaurant is a nondescript storefront so make sure you know where you are going.We both had the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings and a glass of champagne to start. My order was:1 -Nettle Souffle with coconut-jalapeno sauce, snap peas & curried cashews (apparently this had dairy in it, boo) If you want something a little out of the box you should order this! 2 - Clam & Squid pasta in tomato broth & aioli. Pretty straightforward dish. Since we have started making fresh pasta at home I wasn't wowed by this but still delicious. 3- Grilled Prime Beef Sirloin with garlic, grilled artichoke & zinfandel sauce. Also fairly straightforward but the meat was cooked perfectly medium rare as requested. For dessert they offer gluten free & dairy free options. Bonus points for this! So for our fourth course we shared a poached pear & raspberry sauce with coconut ice cream. Four courses seems like A LOT of food but they adjust the portion sizes so it's manageable. I felt satisfied but not in a food coma. I hope this is where the Minneapolis food scene is headed!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,3/23/2014,92,104,5,10,8>Before I write this review, it's probably important for me to recognize the fact that I am in no way a wine connoisseur.  Sometimes, I know what I like to drink, but only sometimes. Given my lackluster knowledge, I need a lot of help when it comes to choosing a bottle. I could usually be safe picking out a Sauvignon Blanc, but only if it has that handy little description on the back of the bottle. There are rows upon rows of beautiful, unique, sometimes out-of-my-league bottles of reds and whites at Surdyk's, and the people who were here are incredibly knowledgeable about each and every one (seriously, how do you remember all of that!?). The only issue that I have consistently is that it can be time-consuming and frustrating to find someone who's available to help. I'm often the lady wandering the aisles aimlessly who finally randomly picks a bottle and takes a gamble on it. When you DO find someone to help, they are friendly and amazing! Surdyk's also has brews galore. There's craft, micro, and macro, and all are definitely fairly priced. There's always a rotating selection of some more unknown brews so it's fun to try something new. They usually have free samples of at least SOMETHING when I'm there, so that helps narrow down the choices. The other splendid thing about Surdyk's is the CHEESE! Stop by for an Australian blue cheese or something even more exotic, and when you need your next dose of dairy try their gelato. It's scrumptious. If you're going dairy-free, they also carry macarons, so who can complain?Surdyk's is amazingly supportive of the NE community, which makes me love supporting them even more. They're a NE Minneapolis staple for a reason! In terms of wine, they really might be the best in the biz.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,3/22/2014,140,449,3,4,4>Convenient to a local live theatre with little time to spare, we came here Sat. eve for some dinner.  A large-print sign in their front window made me laugh out loud.  Really!  It reads:  NO CRAP ON TAP.  After perusing their long beer list, I would assume they do not lie.  Being a cold and drizzly day and evening, I wanted something hot to eat, like soup, to warm my bones.  They had a soup and "Ted's chili" available.  We promptly ordered Ted's chili and asked for some tortilla chips on the side.  Then we decided on some beer.  I ordered a local brew, the Harriet Pilsner.  While reading their food menu, I saw that they soak their cut skin-on potatoes in vinegar overnight before frying into french fries.  I thought that preparation sounded interesting.  And then, I spied a pile of cut potatoes back in the kitchen.  That was all it took - we ordered a basket of fries. The beer went very well with my chili, which was served with a dollop of sour cream and some shredded cheese.  The chili was so rich and complex tasting, chock full of meat.  It had a kick to it, but not too much for my liking.  It was pretty much perfect.  Oh, so satisfying.  Weird how the tortilla chips were kinda green in color.  Wonder what kinda corn they came from...  Those french fries... well... they were amazing!  Hot and fresh out of the fryer!  This Heinz-loving ketchup girl did not dip even a single one into my favorite red sauce.  They needed no accompaniment (I can only imagine how fantastic they might be with mayonnaise or aioli).The place was quiet, with only a few people inside.  There was some great music playing, not too loud.  The bartender was friendly, chatty, and helpful.I will gladly return to this place.  For their french fries alone!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,2/8/2014,22,172,,7,2>One of my favorite places in Minneapolis. In a word, delightful.The service is always neighborly & warm, and the vegan food is delicious. I love their quesadilla. There is always some new or interesting art on display in this cute offbeat cafe. The booths here are just adorable and infused with such character too, sort of looks like booth/benches you'd find in a Catholic church.The front is where you order, and there are a couple booths and tables there. Otherwise you can enter the next room, which is larger, with more booths and tables. The third section you can find on the left side, where it is cozier and more intimate.The crowd ranges from people in their twenties to young families who live in the neighborhood. A lot of bicycle enthusiasts seem to dine here as well.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,2/7/2014,95,26,2,12,8>I'm crossing my fingers that this new restaurant in Robbinsdale sticks around! I live on the other side of the lake and it's great having Thai so close!I have been twice now for take out and both times the food was delicious.The spring rolls were huge, and ingredients were fresh. Egg rolls were great.Green Curry, Pad Thai, and they have the Cranberry Curry I usually have to drive to St Louis Park for! I ordered all of these dishes with chicken, and the meat was tender and not dry! Spice levels were perfect and didn't overpower the taste of the food.The owner lady is friendly and very gracious. She is thankful for your business. I will be going back to Mai Thai often and spreading the word.No beer or wine yet. They will try for that in the New Year, and that's ok.I usually get take out , and I have wine at home.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,2/6/2014,34,156,,5,4>Although I go to the MGM a lot, I have passed this place for some of my old favorites instead.  I have heard so many great things, so I am not sure why it took me so long to give it a taste.  Well, I am so sorry to the left handed cook!  I had difficulty deciding between the Aloha or Rabbit Hole Bowls.  While waiting for my shrimp Aloha bowl, I was given some popcorn.  Wise move, left handed chef!  There were obviously many very hungry patrons waiting for their food to be cooked and their number to be called.  This popcorn was an awesome mix of spice and sweet (too bad they don't sell it!).  The rice bowl was a very delicious mix of flavors, topped with a boiled egg.  Make sure to mix everything together before you start to eat every last bite.  The kimchi is delicious.  In fact I seriously considered trying the side of the day, kimchi mashed potatoes.  I just figured that wouldn't really pair well with the rice bowl.A few things could be make gluten free and their seemed to be at least 1 vegetarian option.  I will be back!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,2/5/2014,96,183,5,7,6>Awesome service.  Make sure to bring your bike to the back though, I'm one of the many that have made the mistake of trying the front door first. A mechanic did a quick overview of what my bike required: seat adjustment, tune up, and assessed ergonomic factors that could improve my riding experience. I dropped my bike off then received a call when it was ready a few days later.Another time I stopped by for a handlebar cap, a mechanic pounded a spare they had at no charge. Also a nice older gentleman filled my tires and gave me some extra tire caps. Quality and friendly service. On other occasions I've come to browse the artwork during ArtCrank. I think factors such as ArtCrank and the synergy they have going on with Handsome right next door helps make One on One a unique place.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,2/4/2014,8,107,2,7,7>After reading all the great reviews, I just had to indulge even though I try to stay away from such types of food.I had the salted caramel donut and it was hands down one of the best donuts I've had.  I didn't spend a whole lot of time in the shop itself, but I was surprised with how it's actually a hangout spot, not just a donut shop.  May have to come back for that...Opened very late for a donut shop, in fact, I think I popped in around 10pm.  The only problem was that they are way spendy than I would imagine for a donut...more like cupcake prices.  I bought 2, and it came to over $7.  Definitely a treat, both $ and calorie-wise!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/3/2014,97,67,15,16,9>Alright Alright Alright. Let me set the story straight. This place is SO legit. I'm trying to formulate cohesive thoughts but I'm so happy they might come out in random order. Weeee!I've been coming here since they opened. Long before the days of 612 or Spyhouse, these guys were holding it down in The Broadway. I've had my hair cut at a number of places in the Cities but every experience was meh-diocre (just made that up) at best. You know what I'm talking about - you sit down with a stylist and describe what you want, they do their best, but it just doesn't translate and you leave feeling bummed and unjustified. NOT the case with Steller. For the first time, especially as a dude, I walked in, described what I was going for, and Mike (co-owner) nailed it. I felt so good about my haircut.There's something different about this place. There's lots of cool salons around town, but this one is just different. There's no pretentious vibe, the employees are all fun and hip, and I would feel great bringing a buddy or even my mom. They offer you a beverage (including beer) when you sit, and I feel like they actually care about me beyond my haircut. Not to mention the cut is always great. Mike has a knack for improving your cut time after time (whaddup Cyndi Lauper).I don't know what else I can say about this place. The aesthetics are awesome and I appreciate being able to book my appointment online. And, c'mon, how cool to get your haircut and grab a brew or breve in the same building when you're done!?
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,2/2/2014,192,528,,11,1>Wow, i really had fun here last night.  Its a minimalist lounge, with lots of open space, large comfortable 3/4 circle couches and chaise lounges.  A large main bar, and small bar in the back.  Its another 2 club in one place and they seem to pull it off pretty well.  I loved the the place for cocktails and small plates.  The Gatsby cocktail was perfect, Makers Mark, Simple Syrup and mint leaves.  I generally don't like cocktails, because with all the mixologists out there now, they are just to complicated and have to many flavors.  I like this drink because I like Makers Mark, and this drink is just that with a faint hint of mint.  The small plates were also pretty good for a place that really is much more cocktail lounge/club than restaurant.  Obviously, its  named Tangiers, because it has  a Moroccan theme, and the small plate menu is simple North African food.  We tried the Hummus plate, which was solid and came with two types of Hummus, pita crackers, and sliced cucumbers, celery and carrots.  The shrimp pesto flatbread was also pretty tasty.  But for me, the clear winner was the prosciutto wrapped dates, with a pineapple and jalapeño sauce, that was just a little bit sweet and a little bit spicy and went well together.  I could have eaten these little buggers all night.I was really digging the vibe  here.  There was good mood lighting, and a few Moroccan lanterns and other small flares of Tangiers, but not so much to make it feel like a theme bar.  The music was also great, lots of swing and mostly all pre-1950.  Loud enough that you can hear, but not too loud that you can't have a normal conversation with your date.Then, this change at exactly 10:00 p.m.  Right on the dot, they turned over to a DJ who turned the decibels up three fold, and started playing dance music.  We were told we that our lounge area is for bottle service only now.  We could stay a little bit longer and finish our drinks, but we would have to leave as soon as soon as a party requested bottle service.  This rubbed me the wrong way because there were 8 lounge areas that could accommodate bottle service, and when our waitress gave us the heave-ho, only one other vip area was being used.  I think the better course of action would have been to wait until the need to as us to move actually arose.  We were only planning on sticking around to finish our cocktails and left before there was even one additional party to request bottle service.Also, my second cocktail, although it was the exact same drink as the first was made completely different.  I ordered my second drink about 10 minutes before the switch over from lounge to club and it was not a cocktail.  This time, my Gatsby was nothing more than 5 ounces of Makers Mark and one spring of mint, over ice.  This is fine, if I wanted a Makers over ice, but I really enjoyed the first cocktail and was expecting to get another of the same.  I think sometimes bartenders think that all that their customers want in a drink is to get drunk as quickly as possible, and that is not always the case.We did not stick around much past the switch over to club, but we were there for about 15 minutes of it, and the DJ was playing some good tunes; 80s-90s remixes for the 5 or so songs we stuck around for.  There is a small dance floor near the back bar, that filled up as soon as the club music started. One good point also is that they have an excellent happy hour.  I am not sure of the hours, but we arrived at about 9 and the cocktails and martinis were all $6 and our plates were all half off.  They were priced between $8-!5, on the menu, and were about half that on our bill.  All and all, our bill was $49.00 for 2 cocktails, 2 martinis, and 3 small plates.  I thought this was a pretty good value for the location, and quality of the food and drink.  Also, it is very rare to have any kind of HH special on a Saturday night, particularly downtown.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,2/1/2014,126,98,6,11,8>Its unfortunate as to how much stuff out there, that people have in their closets, remains unused and then eventually trashed. This store is not only good for economy (think 15 dollar Puma jacket), it is also good for the environment. I went to sell some of my clothes to this shop last weekend for the first time. The lady at the shop was very pleasant, asked me if i have been in the shop before and upon hearing that its my first time, gladly explained to me how it works using the least amount of words.The lady went through my stuff and found what they could possibly sell and politely returned the things that she was not going to purchase from me. Everything worked out well and I was happy that i got some money out of my old clothes and satisfaction that they will end up with someone who would appreciate them more.In another review for this business someone mentioned that the people in this store were not friendly enough and were actually rude. My take on this is that you have been spoiled by phony corporate pretenses, who actually charge you 100 dollars extra for that unnecessary fake smile. But if you are happy with that then good for you but what in the world are you doing in a used clothing store expecting to be pampered as if this was some Macy's. Have a little perspective and try not being petulant about things that are not the norm for you.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,1/31/2014,73,87,3,5,6>Yes, it's crowded. Yes, it's $$. Yes, it's the best. I just don't even know what to say right now besides Calamari Calamari Calamari. Between the sauce, the light batter, & the bountiful amount of tenticles & bodies that are clinging together as I gobble up this appetizer - wow, I'm hooked. Also, Shrimp Po-Boy please? Us Minnesooootans barely know what po-boys are, but this Minnesotan is in po-boy heaven. Next, I'm conquering the tacos because I just can't ignore the rest of these reviews! Surly Cynic in hand, I could have cared less about the crowds, the wait, or the Minnehaha Falls mosquitoes. Thank you, Sea Salt, for one of the most memorable meals of the summer.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,1/30/2014,169,194,3,7,6>Perfect size farmers market with around 40 vendors that come each Thursday. I always end up leaving with more bags of fresh veggies and fruit then I can carry so I have to bring a friend or take multiple trips Sometimes Karl's soap will be there and he makes the best soap ever. I literally bought 60 bars last year, which he gave me a deal on at $3 a bar (usually $4 each). The meat vendor has the best brats I've ever had as well. They are pricey at $7.50 for only 4 brats but they are worth it. They also cook and serve fresh brats during the market. My favorites are Italian Mozzarella and the chicken brats.  Send me a comment if you have one of those 2 brats and they aren't the best you've ever had, I would like to know where I can get better Fresh bouquet of flowers for only $5!  I'm sure this is available at most markets, but have to mention it. If I ever get remarried I will speak to those guys about furnishing my wedding. They have an EBT station which is a great idea but don't see many taking advantage of it. Saw my first food truck this year (2013) so maybe this will be a good spot to eat each Thursday if more catch on. However the brats are so amazing that I'm not sure if I would stop getting those anytime soonPerfect place for someone who wants to juice. Most veggies are only $1 to $2 a bag so you can budget $20 and have a weeks worth of juice.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/30/2012,8,37,3,5,3>Holy crap this was awesome.  So, let me start by saying I didn't have that much of their food, but what I did have was great.  We came here after 10pm on a wednesday night, a friend of mine has thursdays off and so it's a good night for her to do late.  After 10, all of their sake is half priced and a bunch of their appetizers go on special.  All told we had 2 carafes of sake and 3 appetizers and spent about $30.  They also have some beer specials and stuff then too.  The best part of this place is that they actually make their own sake, and the staff is VERY knowledgeable about it.  At least our server was.  He told us all about the brewing process (fascinating stuff to us homebrewers).  It sounds like there aren't very many sake's made outside of japan, with only around 3 commercial producers in the US, and of them these guys are apparently the only place in the US that also serves.  So that's cool.  They make very good sake, it is very smooth and delicious.  I plan on returning very soon.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/29/2012,96,183,5,4,4>If you're looking for Italian near St. Paul you've found it! I Nonni is simply the best. Not exactly where one would picture an award winning Italian restaurant, tucked in between some office buildings, but don't worry about the location cause the food will blow you away. The decor is simple yet spacious with high vaulted ceilings. The bar area has a few tables with high top bar stools and a great David painting in the corner. The outside patio is a must for happy hour. M - F 4 to 6 pm, half off apps. HEAVEN. The food is such a great deal I didn't even bother to drink the last time I was there. I split a heaping bowl of steamed mussels in a red sauce, pizza margherita, and some beef tips dish. Way too much for two people but Lindsey D. ended up with the practically the whole pizza and half the beef tips to go. Speaking of drinking, just stand back and take in the wine selection in the entrance, this ain't no Olive Garden. With that amount of wine, delicious apps, and patio to soak up the sun, you'll understand why folks are flocking there.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/28/2012,26,166,2,6,3>Being new to Ethiopian food (and to African food in general) I was very excited to try the highly-yelped T's Place in South Minneapolis yesterday evening. And considering two members of our party were vegetarians, Ethiopian food was absolutely perfect.The restaurant itself isn't much to look at... just a bar with a half-dozen tables relegated to or near the front window. Awful 90s slow jams were audible during our entire visit, although it looked as if someone was setting up for live music. With that said, the owner of the place (Mister T) made the experience wonderful, especially considering he was everything from waiter to bartender to chef. The food was excellent, and they manage to have a nice selection of tap and bottled beer. Everything is very affordable, and normally the portions are such that there will be leftovers. I had the chicken curry entree and it was delicious. Just enough spice and flavor without going overboard. The meat was tender and perfectly cooked. And Mister T, although not being a native English speaker, provided a warm welcome on our first visit to his restaurant.We will definitely be back!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,9/27/2012,60,359,2,5,2>I wish I could give this place more stars. This was one of the best meals I've ever had. Between 8 people we tried about 15 things off the menu and every single one was wonderful. I even loved the amuse. Marinated beans? Who knew this could be so delish?! Loved it though. Especially on the bread. I was there 4 days ago and could go back today it was soooooo good. This place definitely did not disappoint and deserves every accolade it's recieved. My order the next time I go:Gnocchi with cauliflower and orange (next time I go I'm getting a full order of this plus one to-go and one for the freezer)Red Wine Spaghetti Fettuccine AlfredoGoat Cheese and Onion BruchettaRoasted Tomato and Ricotta Bruchetta Almond Torte with Roasted StrawberriesI have to say people rave about the soft eggs and lobster. It was good but for $18 bucks it's not worth it. It's an overrated dish. The ricotta and tomato bruchetta was much cheaper and much more simple and a hell of a lot more tasty. People also rave about the silk handkerchiefs. Again this was good but I think it's overrated. When you have other things on the menu that are beyond stellar (ahem....gnocchi and the rabbit pasta) I would avoid these. Even the standard salad with the 150 year old aged balsalmic was better and worth the room in your stomach. Love the decor too. It feels more like a southern comfort food restaurant with the dark wood everywhere. This place is really warm and inviting. Not all light, airy and uncomfortable like many upscale Italian restaurants. We had a ton of left overs, which I'm still eating, and to be honest it's all fantastic re-heated. A feat of incredible genius, craftsmanship and wizardry on their part as pasta as good as a sweaty sock in dishwater after a reheat.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/26/2012,49,114,,6,3>I'm not an expert on Ecuadorian food, but this place makes me want to become one.There are a number of interesting dishes, the place itself is very nice, often busy, and you get plenty of food for your money.I can recommend a lot of things: The empanadas (the cheese one is sweet with sugar, the beef one with a spicy sauce), platano maduro (fried sweet plaintains with cheese on top and a spicy sauce on side),  encocado (a kind of creamy curry, SE-Asian-ish dish with coconut and fish or shrimp), and churrasco (delicious steak with plaintains, fried egg, fries, a ton of food!).Unfortunately, all this is so good and large-portioned, it's almost impossible to save room for the Tres Leches dessert, which is the best in the Twin Cities according to my Chilean wife (Cafe Latte & 112 Eatery are also very strong contenders, but this one is more traditional, in a very good way).This place is out of the way, but worth the trip if you like experiencing very good traditional food of another culture. Ecuadorian food is pretty unique, it combines Central American ingredients with a subtle Asian influence that gives it some complexity.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,9/25/2012,22,76,2,4,5>We were a little bummed when we saw that Glaciers closed, but stoked to see something new and potentially better open in its place. Last night we went to check it out and were definitely pleased. We sat on the patio to enjoy the weather and test our dog's patio skills. We got the nosh plate, which is a collection of hummuses, pickled veggies, goat cheese, and bread. Definitely good for snacking. We followed it up with the moon veggie burger. As I told my husband, "I have a new favorite veggie burger." It had a good consistency and flavor and was deliciously topped with guac and cilantro. Pair that with a decent glass of wine for $3.50 and I am a happy girl. Only regret is that we were too full for dessert. This neighborhood is totally ripe for this kind of a place with reasonably priced food, veggie options, and laid-back, yet hip vibe. Looking at the brewery across the street and my fellow diners, and walking home past an art opening, microcinema space and coffee shop, I had a sense of pride that our affordable little neighborhood is actually getting cool. Thank you to Mosaic Cafe for being a part of that.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/24/2012,124,263,2,3,2>Chihuahua Chocolates has a gelato and sorbetto stand at the St. Paul Farmer's market.  Their strawberry rhubarb sorbetto is a decadent dairy-free dream-come-true.  Watch out, Izzy's!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/23/2012,264,422,2,4,3>This is a beautiful, wonderful place to visit at nighttime, dusk, whenever. I love walking through this bridge on a perfect sunny day, starting from the Guthrie and heading to St. Anthony Main. I make sure to stop by St. Anthony Falls to watch the raging waterfalls and the occasional steamboat and -- maybe -- a canoe pass down the mighty Mississippi. Then at the end of the bridge I make a left to go down St. Anthony Main, maybe stop at an event (there always seems to be one every summer weekend!) or get gelato at Wilde Roast. You can also get a mesmerizing view of downtown Minneapolis in the dusk/evening. I've brought visitors here, and we would start at the Hennepin bridge and walk down to the greenway, make a quick detour to the Mill City ruins, then walk halfway across the bridge to get the most picturesque view of the city. I love Stone Arch Bridge. It's for tourists and locals alike, and appreciators of history and architecture everywhere.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,9/21/2012,42,120,4,4,2>Stopped in here last night at the request of a friend and I was not disappointed. Glad I did my homework on Yelp beforehand to learn the scoop on the delicious wings (thanks fellow yelpers!).We ordered a party platter (36 wings) to share between three people and a basket of fries. The wings were on the money. They were not dry or overcooked, the sauce had a strong taste of vinegar and the dip provided was chunky and delicious. The sauce is not very spicy.Another thing I noticed was the larger size of the wings and drummies compared to the ones served up at major chains like BWWs. Runyon's chickens must be body builders cause you get a lot more meat on the bone.The fries arrived crispy, hot and fresh from the fryer. With the large fry basket, we were unable to finish all the wings.4 stars because service was a bit lacking. It was only a Tuesday night, but the barkeep was also the waitstaff.If you are a buffalo wing fan, check out Runyon's.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,9/20/2012,50,117,2,4,5>My husband and I chose The Elephant Walk for our wedding night destination. The experience can only be described as magical.This is not the traditional Victorian, flowery, china teacup bed & breakfast, which is a huge reason why we chose it. (We're not really Victorian, flowery kinds of people.) The house is decorated with artifacts from all over the world, specifically the Far East. The proprietor spent years in diplomatic service around the world, and the whole place is filled with the atmosphere of the places she visited. There are fun things to talk about in every corner.We stayed in the largest suite, called the Cadiz Garden Suite. It's enormous, with a gorgeous four-poster bed and canopy, huge private rooftop garden, whirlpool tub, fireplace, and sitting area. It was exactly the retreat we needed after the whirlwind of our wedding!We were greeted with a basket of fruit, pistachios, homemade crackers, some lovely cheeses, and a bottle of wine. There were board games available for our use, which delighted us, as we absolutely love to play games. In the morning after a soak in the whirlpool tub, we played Yahtzee, while sipping tea that had been delivered to our door.Breakfast was a fun experience! The owner of the place had some wonderful stories for us, and a few of the other guests were repeat customers. I can see why this place attracts a following, honestly. The meal was four courses, and we were absolutely stuffed when we left!We can't afford to make The Elephant Walk a regular event in our lives, but we've often talked of saving up a little cash to go back. It was an unparalleled experience, which is exactly what you want for your wedding night.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,3/9/2009,4,28,3,3,7>I love this place. Located behind the more popular Xcel Energy Center, the Ordway feels like a juxtaposed gem. Sports vs. Theater. Rock Concert vs. Symphony. I'm often surprised by those attending an event at the Ordway though. No one ever seems to enjoy Rice Park. The show ends, and they rush away to their cars parked in the nearby lots. I stay for a bit. I have a hard time not. It's one of those times in life where you truly must slow down.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,3/8/2009,2,8,1,5,8>this park is used by a more diverse group of people than any other block in MPLS.  All colors, ages, and income levels.  Crusty kids, yuppie kids, granola moms, mideast soccer players, midwest kickball players,  Dogs, kites, live music outdoors in the summer....  This place is awsome.Plus, the hockey rink makes a perfect centerpiece for the neighborhood.  I heard that Urban Bean Coffee is trying to host a hockey tournament there at the end of the winter.  I'll be there with all my goalie stuff.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,3/6/2009,36,44,8,12,10>Like lots of people, I'm hooked on Maria's corn pancakes with the cojita cheese. That's what I had on my first visit several years ago. And it's what I've ordered nearly every time since. Let me be clear that that's not a comment on the rest of the menu. Everything else I've had has been fabulous, too, including their other cakes. But it's the corn pancake with cojita cheese--and just a tiny bit of syrup--that keeps me coming back. So nicely textured and a truly wonderful mix of flavors. Coffee's fine, too. So are the American fries. Service? That I've found to be rather spotty, especially on weekends when the place draws huge crowds. But the atmosphere is decent and it's great to see a business like this thriving in Phillips, the first of several that have begun opening their doors on this part of Franklin.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,3/5/2009,140,449,5,8,8>Walked down here this *morning* after I dropped off my car at VW Man.  The guys there suggested I go here while I waited for them to finish their work.  So, I did.  And I liked it.  I like that they thoughtfully hung heavy drapes on either side of their inside entry - it cuts down on the draughts that people would feel while sitting inside.  The barrista was smiling and friendly and prepared for me a nice Americano and told me about the fresh coffeecake on the counter.  So I ordered a piece of it to go with my coffee.  Instead of cutting me a slice of that beautiful cake sitting under glass on the counter top, I was served the last piece already sitting on a plate from their display shelves.  That was kinda disappointing.  But, heh.  I know from experience that coffee-style cakes tend to develop more flavor with a day or two...  And besides, it was good with my coffee.  I especially liked the music being played - instrumental - and the gentle volume of it.  There are lots of tables and chairs and benches to sit on with some right in front of some windows (nice to see the sunshine this morning), and there are even some big comfy chairs paired up and a nice looking sofa right by a fireplace that seemed to be throwing out some great heat.  I'd gladly go back.  Maybe the next Yelp Knitter's Night could be here...
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,3/4/2009,3,9,2,10,6>Today I ate a wonderful meal of Meatloaf.  Now, I know what you are saying, "how could meatloaf be a wonderful meal?"  Let's start with the "Where."  Tootie's is a North Minneapolis institution.  It has been there for years and years.  It was one of the reasons that I bought my house where I did.  It is family run and they are all there pitching in.  The bar has character.  Not quite the same as Nye's but it has its own distinct character.  Tootie's is well known for their burgers.  They have wonderful tasty burgers that I would be remiss if I didn't mention.  Tootie's has one of the top ten burgers in the Twin Cities.  Meanwhile, back at the ranch, let's get back to the story... On Tuesday, Tootie's has a Meatloaf dinner special, Thursday is a wonderful Turkey dinner and Friday is a tasty Fish dinner.  The meatloaf is what I am going to write about.  When you first enter Tootie's you will do so through the bar.  Keep going and you will enter the seating area of the restaurant.  I have always been served promptly.  I avoid the water as it has a unique "Minneapolis" taste that I do not enjoy.  There is the perfect amount of seating.  You are far enough away from the next table so you don't have to listen to them, but close enough to ask for more salt if you need it.  There are tables for two and there are tables for ten.  There is a game room, but I have never seen anyone playing any of the games.  As for the restrooms, I live close enough so I try to avoid them.The main reason I am writing this is to write about the food.  I like comfort food.  The food that you know and trust and brings you back to that place in life that you love and trust.  One of my favorite comfort foods is Meatloaf.  My dad makes a very good meatloaf that he has no recipe for.  He makes it from memory and he never makes it the same way twice.  It is wonderful.  I like meatloaf.  It reminds me of home and that comfort that only my parents can bring.The meatloaf meal at Tootie's starts with coleslaw.  My grandma made coleslaw from scratch.  It is what I judge all coleslaw against.  She used food fresh from the garden that she grew.  Tootie's has a fine coleslaw.  It is a good start to the meal.  When the meal comes it will come in one of two ways, one big piece or two pieces.  It just depends on who is in the kitchen that day.    You also get a great big dollop of mashed potatoes and gravy.  Now I haven't figured this next part out yet, you get toast with this meal.  Sometimes I get two pieces, sometimes three or four.  There is just never any consistence with the toast.  OK, the meatloaf, it is always moist and tasty.  I have never had a dry piece here.  The meat is juicy but never greasy.  The gravy is yummy and never lumpy.  The mashed potatoes are smooth but sometimes a little lumpy, which I like.  I think there is a time and place for instant potatoes.  This isn't one of them.  They serve real potatoes here.    You will get your beverage refilled constantly throughout the meal.  Tootie's has a wide selection of beer and other beverages, but I usually only have a Coke.Tootie's also has a well-lit parking lot.  They also have a camera pointed out there so I always park where the camera is pointed.  Tootie's is located at 2706 Lowry Avenue North, which is just a few blocks from North Memorial in Robinsdale.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,3/3/2009,6,20,2,3,3>This place could quite possibly be the "Smallest" barbershop in Minneapolis with the "Best" haircuts.......It is located at the Schooner Tavern (Historic Woodland Hotel Bldg), a south side watering hole dating back to 1903. Formerly a railroad hotel and rooming house, the barbershop reopened in 2003 after a 40+ year hiatus. Rich the barber offers quality regular haircuts for men and boys and hair trimming and cutting for women (mostly WILD women) and his price is VERY REASONABLE with attention to detail. "Cut and Wash" aka "White Collar" is just $16 and "Regular" aka "Blue Collar" is $13. (as of 2008) It should be noted that this place is in no terms a "SALON".....A "SALOON" maybe, but NOT A SALON...Those entering with ideas of being fawned over and pampered like cry babies will be disappointed....This shop harkens back to the days when South Minneapolis was an Industrial Area and catered to the "Working Man and Woman"......the pre "Yuppie" days......however Rich won't turn down any humble "Yuppie" seeking a good haircut and a look'/talk about the past......He also plays Dixieland on weekends and can talk about almost anything, or listen to You do the talking......and look like he really cares! :-) If there's a line at the Barbershop you can go next door and sample any number of fine libations while you wait your turn.....and meet the Local Color of South Minneapolis.....The Schooner is one of the last of the old time saloons! Enjoy!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,3/2/2009,90,194,42,21,16>I have to admit, I haven't been here in years. However, I can say, in my wilder days, this was a frequent stop after bar close. It was always on our way back since I had a friend that lived a few blocks away. Is there way creepy guys there? Hell yeah. Did we regularly see guys jacking off in the little booths upstairs? Yep! Did we feel the need to shower after leaving? Of course. Yet, what the hell is funner than going upstairs and taking pictures of you and your friends riding the mechanical penis? This is particularly funny at 2:30 am after 10 too many drinks. There never seem to be staff upstairs, which caused us to run amok and try on stripper outfits and harass the dudes rubbing one out. Immature? Completely! Yet, it was deliciously fun!! I think of our Sex World trips as a rite of passage, that I look back fondly at. Oh to be young again!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,3/1/2009,11,50,,8,6>I suppose the service occasionally comes and goes at this place, and the delivery attempt I had once didn't make me cry for more in any way whatsoever. Thing is, though, the three times I've gone in there, we've been treated very well, the pizza smells delicious and tastes even better, and the gyros (i know, a pizza place with gyros, whatever) are fantastic and way too much food for me to handle, especially for the price. It's New York style in the way that it is not New York style, I've had more 'new york style' in Seattle than this place. But -- if you're looking for a damn good huge slice of pizza in a proper pizza oven, get into this place. It's worth it.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,2/28/2009,126,381,5,14,7>Sandy has single-handedly built my first professional wardrobe at an affordable price. Here's my trick:1. Go to Savers (or any cheap thrift store)2. Find professional clothes. You will see miles and miles of slacks and pinstripe pants in every color of the rainbow.3. Try them on and make sure they fit relatively well.4. Buy pants and shirts at around $3 apiece.5. Take them to Sandy.She is magical: She can hem, she can lengthen, she can re-shape, she can do it all! She even made my favorite pair of flare jeans into skinny jeans! Seriously, she will re-do your whole wardrobe if you want. She charges about $10 per piece no matter what she does and finishes most jobs in about a week. If it weren't for Sandy I dont know how I'd be able to afford professional attire for work. $13 aint bad when you consider new pants run $30+ and they dont fit that great off the rack either.My only advice is to ask about about any upcoming Mexican holidays because she makes all the really decorative costumes from scratch for people in the parades and such, so near certain times of year I can tell she is crazy busy.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,2/27/2009,128,296,25,16,18>When I think about the State Fair, my emotions are somewhere between the excitements felt by an 8-year-old child at 3:30 a.m. on December 25th and the quivering loins of a 45-year-old divorcee about to walk into a night club for the first time in 20 years to gape at drunk, scantily clad 20-somethings.  AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!  Every year, my wish list for attending the State Fair is about the same:--take a bus there in case I decide to get drunk--find a pronto pup stand and a foot-long hot dog stand, decide which one looks least scary and GO FOR IT!--share a bag of mini-donuts with somebody--gorge myself on fried cheese curds--start feeling not okay and decide to save the getting drunk for an air-conditioned zone--find the Como Zoo ice cream wagon and reminisce about the college summer I worked in it--take pictures of animal butts (don't judge me, I never said I was normal)--walk through the craft bizarre and admire the knitted items--walk through the craft bizarre and wonder why crocheted grandma afghans are still so popular--try not to have to use the public restrooms past 11:30 a.m.--try not to be caught pointing and laughing at the mullets
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,1/20/2012,164,127,4,4,4>I'll have to admit that I normally love and try all of Katherine Z's recommendation; they are always on point.I love MSP - but I really wish that there were lots of late night dining options in the cities; I hardly eat dinner early. So obviously at 10PM I realized I didn't have dinner and I wasn't in the mood to make anything; Enter taqueria Los Ocampo and it's wonderful Tinga de pollo.Taco Tinga, tinga tinga. It's shredded marinated chicken with a spicy yet sweet sauce. I don't even know how to begin describing it - but if you're here do try it. This place is taco central - it has over 15 different tacos and I've tried 6 (mostly limited to chicken and vegetarian) It's on point; but the taco tinga de pollo was the most memorable. There are other authentic Mexican dishes too, but I was primarily there for tacos.They also have desserts - we tried platanos fritos (fried plantains with condensed milk) and HOLY bajesus - it's a simple dessert; but you know something's really go when you roll your eyes back, and close your eyes. My significant other said, "You're alright over there? Or should I leave you and the platanos alone" :P Ha It's located in a small strip mall, and kinda looks like a fast food joint. If you don't know what to order; there are pictures and descriptions of items. I don't think you can actually order something bad here. Rusty Tacos has nothing on this. WIN.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,1/19/2012,82,194,3,3,3>My BF has an obsession with this place. I was out of town for 3 days and he ate here everyday when I wasn't there to cook for him! Even more, the night I flew back in he insisted we eat here again, which of course I didn't mind because the food is great!  His record now is 4 days in a row here but I'm sure he'll top it soon.So what's all the fuss about... 1st off the Elote corn which is mexican style corn with a twist they put cilantro in the mayo and it really gives it that extra kick.  Both the tacos and meat on a stick are flavorful and don't even require salsa or hot sauce, they can stand up on their own.The rice is cooked with coconut milk so it's rich and creamy. The turkey chirzo sandwich is a nice unique dish that has flare.  My BF is also a huge fan of the bacon wrapped hot dog, they are just like the ones the guys used to sell outside the bars in the street cars in la...I'll update when he breaks his 4 day in row record...go there now but you've been warned, it's addictive!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/16/2012,66,150,2,3,3>Skol TBF, a fine meal was had!  The design, small touches throughout, service, and food were all amazing and unlike anything else I've experienced in Mpls.  I shared the following with my date: salmon toast (YUM!), celery root soup, kale (delicious), duck fat potatoes, and market fish chowder.  I also had a bite of the meatballs/lingonberries.  Again, I have to mention the service.  You know how annoying it is if you place your order and then someone else delivers the food and has no idea who ordered what?  Well we had no fewer than 4 people serving us and everyone was totally in tune to what each individual had ordered.  Even if couples were splitting dishes, it was split with no hesitation.  Very nice.  We also requested to head down to Marvel Bar after dinner, were put on the wait list, and then allowed to hang out/finish dessert until it was time to head down.  Make your reservation far in advance, Friday/Saturday nights fill up weeks out.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,1/15/2012,95,174,3,2,7>This has to be one of the finest first date spots in all the Land.  Think of it: how could anyone turn down a trip to the zoo?  The success rate for asking your cute crush out to the zoo has to be nearly 100%.And the best part: IT'S FREE!  Some other highlights:1) Japanese Garden - very cool, mythical, and tranquil.  I felt very far away from home, which was nice.2) The Sloth - really just kind of trippy.3) Other peaceful gardens - granted, this place is usually busy, but still a wonderful setting for long walks and chats.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,1/14/2012,125,120,1,3,5>When you're there, it feels like you're on vacation.  Great music and vibrant colors make it cozy, graffiti and super nice wait staff give the place a personal touch.  Their Fried Plantains are amazing, Sandwich Cubano is very good, and their unlimited egg choices are awesome if you partied too much the night before.  Guanabana Mimosas are so refreshing and taste better on the summer patio (if you can get a seat there).
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,1/13/2012,34,40,3,2,2>Yumm. Yum yum yum. This place - have you heard of this place? - it's awesome. Unless you're a vegetarian. Even then, they've got a few options for you as well. The Yukon Salmon I bought from here was thick, juicy and just the right size. I got home, sliced that sucker up and made an awesome salmon dinner with saffron cream, rice and a salad. I can't wait to go back and snatch up some Kobe beef or Ahi. I will say one thing: it smells just like you'd imagine. I sometimes get a whiff of the place when I'm biking to school in the mornings, and let me tell you, fish is not something I want to be smelling only 20 minutes after getting out of bed.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,1/12/2012,170,391,3,4,2>La Loma has turned everyone I know into a Tamale fan. Often, tamales can be dry, with the corny bits all kind of crumbling and sad. But these tamales are moist, flavorful and delicious. The perfect combo, the one I've been eating since MGM opened, is a chicken tamale and sweet corn tamale mixed together and covered in the green salsa. The sweet corn is really, really sweet, so it can be a little overwhelming for me on it's own. Cut down with the chicken, it's perfect. Go with friends, and you can get by on the two tamales and chips and guac between the two of you. The only thing I've tried and not liked here is the Horchata, which was too sweet for my taste.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,1/11/2012,949,964,1,16,2>OMG, a buffet where I don't even have to leave the city. It's on the same level as Great Moon is SSP. Everything is so fresh. I was eating the fish, and I never get that at a buffet. Potatoes that usually are swimming in grease, were as light and golden as it gets. Macaroni salad and crab salad both mayo based were just right. Melted cheese on mussels, were delicious, and I hate mussels. Can't even remember what else I had, there's such a variety. Every review being a 5 star under any other conditions would be a plant. Not in this case, this place sparkles. A very convenient location, kind of away from everything. Across from the McDonalds on Marion and University. Do I hear regular.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,1/10/2012,30,108,3,4,3>I dig the Red Stag. It is such a treat to come here because it isn't cheap, but it's not complete wallet buster either. I love the food and I love the ambience. Everything I have had here has been absolutely scrumptious. I usually forego the appetizers for a big plate because their offerings are consistently tasty, but last night, we went big on the appetizers. Definitely not a disappointment. The best part is having a big table and passing everything around. The truffle kettle corn is a consistent favorite. Sometimes you get a particularly seasoned kernel and get punched in the face with flavor. Super tasters beware. Smelt fries. I like small fish. The fishier the better. I tout anchovies as one of my favorite foods, but the bones in smelt, though small, are too big to ignore. So eating them like the fries is a bit out of the question, though I did my best to ignore them. The sauces they came with were really yummy. Roasted beets. The beets were super sweet, bleeding delicious purple juice all over the plate. It's the peak of beet season so it is not surprising that this was so good. Best beets I have ever had. I was super full and forewent dessert, but I heard a housemade rainbow option. Why oh why do you have to have so much good food, Red Stag??
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/9/2012,40,118,1,14,5>We flew in from Washington to go to Heimie's so that my SO could get a beautiful custom suit for our wedding.I'm not sure how this place couldn't have perfect reviews - the reviews must come from people that aren't acquainted with the process of purchasing a suit...  Heimie's looks exactly as a haberdashery should - it showcases suits, ties, and custom hats and I am told you can get a shave and hair cut as well.We made an appointment so we wouldn't feel rushed - Chavis greeted us almost immediately.  I can't say enough wonderful things about him.  He was incredibly helpful, professional, informed - he knew right away that my sweetie had been a hockey player.  His suggestions were spot on and the result is the most beautiful suit I have ever seen.  On a practical note: Chavis suggested a variety of options that would range from economical to expensive.  He worked to make sure we would have the finished piece before the wedding with enough time to make any last minute tweaks.   Additionally, not only did we get a beautiful suit - the shirt and tie suggestions were spot on... literally stunning.I could go on and on about this place... But I will leave you with this: We will be back for SO, and for myself.  :)  They are happy to make custom women's suits as well.  If you are looking for a exceptional quality and customer service, and you are aware that this kind of quality will cost more than Men's Warehouse - then Heimie's is the place for you!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/13/2013,515,227,4,11,7>$15.99 for quality AYCE sushi lunch? Yes, please!  I have been anxiously waiting for this place to open since I saw that it was going to be taking over the space left by the vacated BW3 in Har Mar Mall.  It did not disappoint.The sushi here is not as good as the sushi at Fuji Ya or Origami or some of the other more venerated sushi establishments in the Twin Cities, but it is far superior to some of the sushi that I have had at some AYCE Chinese and Korean buffets which I would, and have, given three stars to.  Started out with the Sexy Girl and Boston maki rolls.  Both items are described as spicy on the menu, but neither were spicy for my tastes.  Nonetheless, enjoyed them both.  The Sexy Girl is "spicy" tuna on the inside with "spicy" crab on top, and the Boston is "spicy" crab meat with a crunchy inside.  For round two, I got another Sexy Girl roll and the unagi roll.  I was not overly impressed with the unagi roll.  On third and final round of sushi, I got two each of the spicy salmon and unagi sushi nigiri-style.  The spicy salmon did actually have a little bit of a kick to it.  The nigiri unagi was much better than the unagi roll.  Got some green tea ice cream for my happy ending.Be careful that you do not order more than you can eat as they will hit you with a 15% surcharge for any excess food that is not completely finished.  Also note that the AYCE price does not include your beverage unless you are only drinking water.  It looks like they have a full bar, but I did not partake as I was still on the work clock.  For a guy with a healthy appetite, I left full and feeling like I got good value for the money spent.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/12/2013,97,67,6,3,7>Sometimes I feel like such a coffee whore. Making appearances and curating romances with all the third-wave coffee shops in town. Whatever, judge me, I'm not ashamed.Today's romance was brewing with Quixotic. We first met at the Yelp launch party years ago. Back then the place was mainly unfinished, pretty bare bones, but the coffee even at that point was really good. I was so glad to return (albeit years later) to see how the place had progressed. Comfy couches, lots of tables, and some killer art. Oh, and how the coffee was even better than I remembered. I mean, you know it's going to be good when you order a cappuccino, and don't hear back for awhile. Only to realize the barista had taken his delicate time to craft the most perfect cappuccino. The process was quite romantic, his trade a labor of love. You pay for a drink, but really receive a product of passion. This shop is really great, and I love the neighborhood it is featured in. Plenty of places to walk around to, catch a movie, and of course get caffeinated and catch up with a friend. Quixotic, I'm sure we'll have many more rendezvous.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,1/11/2013,223,363,4,9,5>Now there are two fabulous taco joints on Central in NE. Both have their pros and cons, but both are worthy of my stomach and wallet.Pluses for Maya include: friendly owner and his family, home made tortillas, bright and cheery interior, great meats, and a salsa bar. Cons: confusing signage, lukewarm tortillas, soupy beans. The tortillas were a bit thicker than your regular La Perlas, so they only used one per taco. They were soft with a slight chew, but a bit cold. I would have warmed them briefly on the grill to bring out their potential fabulous-ness.I picked the Mexican platter, which is your choice of three tacos/tamales with rice and beans. On the board and on paper, the menu was kind of vague as to what the Mexican platter was, but the owner explained. It's a great deal, but they should explain it more thoroughly so people can understand. Minor quibble, though.As per usual, I got lengua and barbacoa. The owner convinced me to try a tamale, so he picked out a rajas one for me. The lengua is pretty good; very tender with a bit more fat than usual. Hence the tenderness. Also, it's cut in bigger chunks than El Taco Riendo, if that means anything to you. Barbacoa was pretty good and flavorful. I liked the rajas a lot, it's one of the few vegetarian items on the menu. It didn't need any additional salsa, but the fact there's a salsa bar sold me. Need more pico? No problem. Need more salsa? No problem. That's pretty awesome.Overall, I really like Maya! It's a welcome addition to my NE rotation.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,1/10/2013,97,74,4,11,5>"Don't judge me if I come back here later this week." - Me after eating at Cheng Heng Restaurant for the first timeAfter an exhausting day at the zoo, a few study abroad friends and I visited Cheng Heng Restaurant.  For most of us, it was our first time in the Cambodian restaurant on University.  The décor is somewhat uninteresting and cold - a true "hole-in-the-wall." However, this ended up a "don't judge a book by its cover" experience.As newbies, we decided to order a number of dishes to try and share (just like our days studying abroad in SE Asia).  For starters, we ordered the fresh spring rolls, which were truly fresh and spectacular, and cream cheese wontons, completely greasy and shamefully tasty.  For main dishes we ordered:- Tom yum soup with chicken - great flavor, quail eggs (!), and tender chicken- Pahok Ktiss (spiced ground pork with fresh vegetables and rice) - ground pork heaven!- Omelet with bean sprouts and ground pork - table favorite and comes with cabbage leaves and sauce to make into omelet cabbage tacos- Broccoli and chicken - great savory flavor- Papaya salad - this was a little to fish sauce heavy for my taste, but it's the real deal and includes miniature crab claws.Needless to say, we cleaned house on everything we ordered.  The flavors and dishes reminded us of the food we used to share in Thailand and Vietnam...nostalgically delicious.  Family-style eating at restaurants such as this is the best way to sample a menu and satisfy the deepest of appetites.After paying for my portion of the meal (under $10 each for 6 people), I spied a coconut-filled bun in the glass case near the cash register.  The tasty coconut creation was the perfect meal closure as I drove my way back to Minneapolis and thought of my next excursion back to Cheng Heng for round two.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,1/9/2013,27,111,6,13,5>Bomb ass roast beef samich and deli meats...and there is head cheese, son!Walked here on a nice spring Sunday afternoon. Slightly busy. Didn't know it was a straight up deli with no seating at all, other than the one small table on the sidewalk. Though not a huge deli in size, there variety is pretty amazing. One sign read "beef tongue terrine, head cheese, parsleyed ham terrine, oxtail terrine." If I lived close, I'd probably be here once a week to increase my cholesterol to near world record territory. Was here for the sandwich, but we left with some head cheese and foie gras. The head cheese was only $5! Hell yes, I'll take 2. It was not like the head cheese you would find in your banh mi thit. Little more coarse (could pick apart the individual parts) and had more seasoning with a little citrusy taste i thought. I absolutely thought it was awesome. The foie gras was a little spendier, but c'mon its foie gras. Amazing as well.We luckily found a seat outside, and then destroyed our samich. The meat was tender and medium rare, bread was crunchy...the fixings (get it with everything) complimented each other perfectly...with the sour and spicy from mustard and horse radish...I hated roast beef because of Arby's, but now I'm a born again roast beef virgin...that don't sound quite right.A great sandwich that's a healthy alternative to the other great sandwiches...one of my favorite sandwhiches now...would rank it close to the territory as the banh mi thit, manny's torta, the italian beef, and the philly cheese steak.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/7/2013,45,92,5,4,4>One word: Awesome.  Second word: Bad-ass.If you want the largest drinks and best bbq pulled pork sandwiches ever, go here.  If you want a tiki drink that has to be shared with 3 other people and is also on fire, go here.  If you want waitresses who could take on a grizzly bear but have the nicest way with people, go here. Also, there the outdoors.  Like, they own it.  All the outdoors.  They dress it up with a river view and lighted tiki torches, with a sprinkle of motorcycles on the side.I wish I could eat here all the time!  Just....just go already.  Experience the magic for yourself!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/6/2013,27,37,3,5,6>Obviously I'm excited that my favorite food truck (that I visited for approximately 80% of my summer lunches) now has a brick-and-mortar location. And that it has NEW MENU ITEMS AND FANCY-SOUNDING DRINKS. The service is slow and you can tell that they're fairly new at this, but the food more than makes up for it. I abandoned my usual tofu yum-yum bowl to try the much-lauded Twenty-Dollar Steak Sandwich, topped with truffled cheese and onions, which was juicy and delicious. Pair it with the Aloo Chaat, and sit there beaming for awhile. Welcome to Uptown, World Street Kitchen. I've missed you for the last few months.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,1/5/2013,73,87,4,11,8>Because I have experienced both brunch and dinner at Lynn I feel like I can confidently say that this restaurant is a bright edition to the South Minneapolis dining scene, and here's why:The atmosphere is one that bodes well for both warm and cold weather. The red walls and light accents mixed with the wood make the space modern, clean, and inviting.  The music is playing so faintly you wonder if it's really on or if you're just singing jingles in your head, but either way it creates a faint background that fuzzes all other conversations but your own - perfect for parties of two.The food, like the space, is clean and inviting as well. Everything is done meticulously almost bordering on annoyingly perfect. It's as though the chefs are trying to show off their culinary knife skills to people who aren't their cooking instructors. Even the smallest side of sauce has the most precisely diced shallots in it you wonder if they have robots in the kitchen doing all the food prep. For brunch we had the Omelet Du Jour & the Soft Boiled Eggs w/ Toast Batons. Both came with a salad, which was dressed lightly (thank you) and was the perfect complement. I love having a salad with my eggs it makes me feel fancy. Anyways, we also got the Shredded Potato Cake, which was honestly the best side of "hashbrowns" I've ever had. The omelet was simple, soft, and cooked perfectly. The soft boiled eggs were creamy and decadent. The toast batons were buttery and crunchy, and I had probably too much fun using them to dip and slurp up my eggs with. We asked for a side of jam with our toast. Their jam changes a lot, and they happened to have Apple Butter on the day we were dining. I put some of the apple butter in my mouth and before even swallowing I said "this is what heaven must taste like". Dinner proved to be just as good. Tip: sit in the front of the restaurant when you eat dinner here - they have two menus up front and only one dinner menu in the back part. Not sure why, but at this point it really doesn't matter. Back to dinner food. Wine was on our radar and our waitress proved to be a wine connoisseur since she expertly suggested a half carafe of a very delicious French white. We split the Bryant Burger & the Maple/Vinegar Glazed Whole Chicken Leg. The chicken was juicy & meaty for a leg. The glaze, though slightly sweet, paired perfectly with the salty french fries that came with. Ahh the french fries were so impressive (because you never know with fries), they were hot and crunchy and salty and so yummy in my tummy. As for the burger, I'm personally not a fan of veggie burgers, but Lynn has me converted! There's really no way to describe this burger - you almost have to just try it. It's refreshing and flavorful. Everything on it just blends so well together. Plus you get the chickpea fries with the salsa verde which should be sinful but they aren't so it's ok. For dessert we got one scoop of their homemade butterscotch ice cream. How does this restaurant manage to make every bite clean and flavorful?Please go check out Lynn. It's so precious and modest - and so wonderful.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,1/4/2013,52,134,3,10,5>Knock knock, who's there? Paris in St. Paul!My friend and I went for lunch and we were blown away. We split the Ham and Brie sandwich, and had tea. For dessert I tried the Opera Bar.  It was excellent. Friend had the 3 Chocolate tart (I think that's the  name). Fabulous.The coffee is superb.The two women working were very nice and cheerful. The cafe looks tiny from the front, but the back opens up for plenty of seating. It's got a modern/hip feel. Black leather chairs/couches, arc lamps...I just don't have enough adjectives to describe this cafe. Their hours are perfect. A place open on Sunday for pastries?! Unheard of (unless it's Mojo Monkey donuts) in St. Paul.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/3/2013,86,304,11,13,7>This place will be my undoing. I've coasted along through life with a pretty forgiving body, but this place is going to wreck me. Because it just so happens to be the perfect bakery. 1. Price point is fair- verging on a steal- allowing everyone to participate. You have to really search for product here that's over $5. Any bakery that lets me sample 2-4 things for under $10 will have my undying loyalty and affection forever and ever amen.2. They have canales as big as a human heart, and just as heavy. Have you ever had a canale? It's a masterpiece with French lineage- baked in beeswax copper tins to create a crusty, chewy outer shell, its insides are custardy popover-texture deliciousness, spiced with a little vanilla and rum. They are holy. You don't eff with canales. The fact that A Baker's Wife has canales of this size, that verge on the greatness of P46's, for $2.50 each, is miraculous.3. Their cookies are gigantic, and under $2, and delicious.4. They have so.much.product. If you can't find anything here you like... it's not them, it's you. French macarons (with sweet buttercream filling, aiiyy-yay-yay), Whoopie pies the size of my face, danish, cookies, donuts, bread- basically if it has flour and sugar in it, they have it.5. They're located in a quiet neighborhood that happens to be the perfect distance from my house- it's a longer bike ride, so I feel virtuous when I sit down with four baked goods. Hey! I BIKED here, man! Heads up- they only take cash or checks! No credit/debit cards!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/21/2012,31,152,2,4,3>Hooray!! I'm the first! :)We love when new businesses come into our neighborhood, so when we heard the owner's of Wine Thief and Ale Jail were opening a gelato shop we began counting down the days!And what a lovely day for an opening!We were greeted with warm friendly smiles and a staff eager to please, and to share!! The shop is super cute, with a few tables and plenty of room to contemplate your order.We sampled a few flavors (how else could we choose?!) and ended up with the dark chocolate and pineapple basil.  They have about 6-8 flavors that will be on the menu full time and a few "rotating" flavors as well.  They had the classic fruit sorbets and chocolate as well as unique flavors (fig and goat cheese?! very cool!) for the adventurous.The pineapple basil was bright and refreshing, I love that I even got a few small chunks of pineapple in my dish.  The dark chocolate was not too sweet with lots of dark chocolate flavor.  Even though the medium size was probably more than we needed, we agreed that we didn't feel heavy or guilty about our indulgence.Although there are an plenty of ice cream shops in the area, this gelato is on its own playing field.  We are happy to have you Cow Bella, see you again soon!!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/20/2012,31,91,3,5,3>I was fortunate enough to try Masu Sushi & Robata early on it its opening days at the MOA location. I must say- this was worth my drive and patience being tested trying to park at MOA! It's a smaller version of Masu in NE, but same great flavors and experience! The staff is very friendly and always asking how everything was tasting, etc. Great service. The food is just as superb as NE Masu! We sat at the bar and had constant interaction with the bar and sushi chefs. The wine menu is different then the Masu in NE, so it was nice trying new wines out. Otherwise same great food, different location!I'll definitely visit Masu NE anytime I'm at MOA. A little bit of 'home' in the mass chaos called MOA. Great job guys!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,10/19/2012,155,803,,6,2>My buddy and I were out for out bi-weekly new food Minneapolis excursion. My friend heard about a new Filipino food truck on Marquette. He is Filipino, so I figured I had the right guy to accompany me.The truck is green and and was sitting across from the 8th St.Grill. The logo was small on the side of the truck, so we didn't realize what we had until we were across the street.They had three entrees and three types of tacos available.  I got the shredded chicken and also a shredded pork taco for $5. There were two nice ladies helping people in the truck. After about 5 minutes I had my two tacos. My friend got one of the entrees and a Hawaiian taco as well.We sat at a nearby food court and i opened the pork taco first. The meat was super juicy and it was attacking the soft, yet steamed tortilla. A little messy, but in a nice way. The meat was sweet in a really unique way. They had some shaved type parmesan on top that added a little bit of bitterness to the dish. The spice was hard to describe. Very flavorful though.The chicken taco was about the same, super juicy and full of goodness. $5 might be a little steep for how big the tacos were, but I was satiated until dinner at Crave 5 hours later.  My friend liked his taco as well, but he said the entree meat was a little dry. He said it usually wouldn't have carrot and stuff in it bck home, and they would have put a lot more broth on it, so it wasn't so dry.  Probably a three star for him. Lots more trucks to try, still about 5 I haven't been to on Marquette.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/18/2012,37,145,2,2,3>Origami serves the best sushi in the Twin Cities. The fish is as fresh as it (can) get. The venue is quaint and fits with the traditional Japanese focus (or so I feel). The service is gratuitous and kind.I highly recommend the mackerel appetizer. It first comes out and, "omg photo op!" it's so beautiful. You eat the delicate sashimi and admire the fish skeleton that provided it. Then, as usual, your server comes and takes the dish away. But you're not done with it yet... They bring the fish carcass back after it has been deep fried. You can eat the bones--and the eyeballs if you dare. It's a really cool experience!All of the rolls and sashimi at Origami are delicious. Desserts are also a good way to end the meal. Origami is an institution.A great place for a date, too ;-)
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,10/17/2012,25,80,3,3,3>"Soup is just a way of screwing you out of a meal."So I decided to screw myself out of a meal and opted for a soup on my recent trip to The Local.I had the Tomato Basil and Cheese Soup. Such a great tasting soup and only $5 for a huge lunch-size bowl. It comes perfectly warm and served with a giant crouton right in the middle which provides flavor without forcing you to eat it if you're going low-carb. The taste is delicious and not to tomato-ey or basil-ey or cheesy. Its delicious.Next thing on the meal were the fries. The fries are great tasting and the homemade Irish tomato catsup is to die for. Takes the fries from a 3 to a 5 and will have you double-dipping for sure.p.s.  If the weather permits, sit out on the patio and take in some sun while watching the suckers next door have horrible guacamole.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/16/2012,32,88,3,6,5>How could you not give Mojo Monkey's 5 stars???  Their donuts are so heavenly that these days, I crave them even more than cheesecake.  My absolute favorites are any of their bismarck varieties, such as the PB & J, Cherry Almond, and Arnie Palmer (creamy iced tea/lemonade filling).  The donuts are massive in size and flavor.  I also recently tried the Blueberry Pancake cake donut - to die for.  The small shop is easy to miss, so drive slowly on 7th Street and once you see the SuperAmerica, you're just about there.  Call ahead to order any particular flavor you desire, as their donuts on display don't always match their Daily Donut list on their website.  I hear that the lines are long on the weekends, but if you go during the week before work, it is very quiet.  Please note they are closed on Mondays (so sad).
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/15/2012,45,92,2,3,4>I've had Vietnamese sandwiches before, but this place rocks!  They have inside and outside seating, and their sandwiches are pre-made so you can grab and go...can't get better than that.  They're $3.75 each, and then there are also some pre-made packages of spring rolls for about $4.00.  Today was my first visit and I got both, but I should've gotten just one because they are both SUPER filling.  I am very impressed.  The service was also very nice.I will be back for many more luncheons here.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/14/2012,129,109,5,8,5>Let me first tell you at what point I decided this would be a five-star review. When we put our leftovers in the bag, the takeout bag they gave us was serious business. It was an extra-thick bag with rope handles. Like the kind you get at fancy department stores, but with like, cardboard walls. Seriously, this thing is hefty. I lost my lunch tote and used this for a whole week. That means I smashed my lunch into it and bungee corded it to the back of my bike for five days. And it looks like it all never happened.Also, sit on the outdoor patio. Those are the best patio chairs I've ever sat in. They're ridiculously comfortable.We came here versus everywhere else in West End because we were nearby and hungry, and this is the cheapest option in that little area. It isn't cheap, really, but it is cost-effective. You'll easily get two meals out of each entree, which is pretty great. We had the pot stickers, which were pretty standard, and the egg drop soup, which I loved because it didn't have corn in it (that is so gross, just because the egg bits and corn are both yellow doesn't mean they should mate in a broth). I ordered the chung king chili chicken and the boy ordered the taste of szechuan chicken. I really liked that the chicken bits in mine were *not* deep fried. The dish had a good amount of vegetables in it, also a bonus, and the sauce was pretty good. The 'taste of szechuan' chicken, though, had the best sauce/flavor I've ever had in Chinese food. It was amazing! Savory and a little spicy, but with a bright, almost citrusy flavor to it. If the chicken in that dish wasn't deep fried, I'd bike over here and order this stuff all of the time. Seriously, it was amazing. There are several other things on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying next time, like the dan dan noodles (which seem to have good reviews). This place will probably become a go-to for me for Chinese food. Yum.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/12/2012,113,176,2,2,2>Do I check Flavor Up every time I'm within five minutes of Izzy's?  Yes.  There's nothing embarrassing about that.  Just because I'm pretty much guaranteed there will always been 3-4 favorites available doesn't mean I shouldn't plan ahead.  Once I went to a house party and the host was serving Izzy Pops and as I was eating with joy, it turned out one of the owners of Izzy's was there!  I might have gushed a little.  And then I started questioning him about why there aren't more peanut butter offerings on the menu regularly.  Sorry about that Jeff.  But not sorry about stuffing four of those delicious Izzy Pops in my purse when I left.  Which I then ate immediately on my way home.  I never act like that unless I'm pregnant.  Nope.Sure it is a little expensive, but I've pushed out three babies so I deserve it.Chocolate Marshmallow!  Midnight Snack!  Blackberry Creme Fraiche! Salted Caramel!  Flavor UP.(PS You can skip to the front of the line if you are not ordering cones.  Just grab a pint. Or two.)
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,10/11/2012,25,93,,2,3>This is easily amongst my favourite places in the city. My family has a long history of visiting this restaurant. My great grandpa worked near here and he was of eastern european ancestry so he would go here for lunch on a regular basis. My grandmum took the cue from him so she started going here and really loves this place. I started going here on my own and then my grandmum mentioned it and told me about how long our family had been going here. I have had both their ethnic foods and their sausages from their deli. The nalesnyky is very good albeit very strong on the horseradish so if you can't tolerate horseradish, avoid it but if you can, have fun. The Swedish meatballs are very good and although I don't care for them, my grandmother loves their cabbage rolls. The sausages from their deli are easily amongst the best I have ever had. We picked up some polish sausages, andoulli sausages, and buffalo chicken sausages. All of them were amazing. My bf's roommates wanted to know where we got them because their price was reasonable for what they were and the quality was orders of magnitude better than johnsonville sausages. The beersticks were very good as well. I normally avoid beef/pork sticks like the plague but I *love* them. You can tell that they are minimally processed and this the restaurant actually makes *their own* sausages rather than buys them off of some other shop. This restaurant/deli combo is the last of the dying breed of true butchers and a genuine ethnic deli/restaurant. If you are a long distance away but value eastern european food, please, visit this deli. It is amazing and an undervalued gem.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,5/11/2014,527,100,2,14,10>Coming from the East Coast, I loooove my seafood, and have been recommended to check this place out. First of all, I am super happy about the location (1 mile off of 35) and their private parking lot. The establishment is kinda small, but packed with goodies. For $45, I got: 1/3lb of striped sea bass, 1/3lb #1 Ahi tuna, 1/3lb of atlantic salmon, frozen escargot, sushi rice, nori sheets, and bamboo mat. Clearly, I was making maki and sashimi. And it came out amazing! The fish was skinned, sushi grade, and smelled super fresh (aka didn't smell like anything). I thought the escargot, if you're into that sort of thing, was an awesome deal. It was like $11-12 for a dozen snails already seasoned w herbs and garlic. All I had to do was pop them into the oven and they were done in 10 mins, and for cheaper than most French restaurants I've been to.The employees were super nice and informative too. One of them directed me across the street to the asian market, so I could get some seaweed salad and veggies. The only thing that didn't suit me was that their salmon roe was like $17, and I've gotten it for $5 at other markets. And they did not have fresh crab legs in the case, but I'm not sure if this rotates. I went on a Tuesday afternoon, by the way.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,5/10/2014,22,118,6,16,7>OH MY GOODNESS! Why had I never come here before? I've been here twice in the past week. This is some of the best food I've ever had, and it's food I've had a million times. I haven't tried too many things, but next time I go which I'm sure will be soon, I'm excited to try some of the main entrees. I ended up having the veggie Sambusas and the Falafel sandwich. The Sambusas at 3 for $3.95, were huge! Like 3 inches wide huge! They were also amazing and served with a jalapeño type sauce, a perfect pair. The sandwich also stellar. I didn't actually know a Falafel sandwich could be this excellent and I've had good falafels. Bonus points: one of the cooks dropped the sauce (with a lid on it), which did not bug me or or the boy nor should it bug anyone I'd hope, but he felt bad and gave us an order of Sweet Plantains ($2.95) and they were also the best. I don't eat many sweets, and this was the perfect caramelization/sweetness ever. This might be a weekly stop now that I'm back at the grind of school! So happy I finally tried it.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,5/9/2014,43,83,4,11,6>After a long, hard week at work, I was homesick and craving Southern food. I searched and searched the web to no avail.  And then...I remembered that I had candied yams and greens at Brasa several months ago. Well, the St. Paul location serves fried catfish and cornbread too. 8-|I expected to be disappointed. I mean, they combine Carribbean and Southern food on their menu. You Minnesotans wouldn't know this, but that's heresy. You never ever dilute the purity of either of these art forms by combining the two. Never. Ever. Anyway, hubby and I were delighted!! The catfish, greens, yams, and cornbread were more than respectable, they were darn good!! And the restaurant has a clean and casual feel to it. Very nice for a weekend wind down. Yay, Brasa!!! You made our Friday night!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/8/2014,78,82,3,12,8>Wowzas! I've been on a long hunt for chicken & waffles in mn and the time has finally come! C&W is my favorite meal, and I think I'd choose it as my last supper. Unfortunately Minne doesn't understand C&W. Restaurants think they can serve some snobby version with a chicken breast and waffle infusing some part of it with bacon. NO. All you need is a crisp waffle, chicken wings, and syrup. Daily Diner delivered on this true definition!We were greeted promptly and chose to sit at a high top since there was a wait. The environment was cheery and clean. Great fun colors that just make you happy. My mission was clear so we ordered C&W and Parmesan hash browns. Both were fabulous! You get 4 whole wings, a fluffy Belgian waffle, and homemade cinnamon syrup-mmm. Make sure you ask for honey and Texas Pete for chicken dipping :) The hash browns were so savory and the perfect compliment. Bonus-clean and cute bathrooms!Very happy with the experience. Everyone there was pleasant and genuinely happy to be there serving a great cause!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,5/7/2014,45,51,4,7,2>My girlfriend is out of town, so I decided to go out without having dinner.  After a few hours of heavy drinking I wandered somewhere near my bike on West Bank.  At this point I realized that I was freezing, and I needed shelter and food.  I then found myself in front of Hard Times Cafe.  I went in... I had no idea what to expect since it had been years since I last stopped by.  I was a bit confused and had a horrible drunken conversation about what to get with a less than impressed waitress. I wanted something awesome...  light, yet filling, if that was possible.  It was, sort of.  I ordered the rice and steamed veggies, it came to $5 something, and it was worth every penny...  The waitress/barista explained that they only offered large portions.  I was not expecting a whole plate full of goodies, but that is what I got.  I would consider Hard Times a dive cafe catering to the crust-punks, Organic, Free Range, Free Roam, and art crowd.  I enjoyed having a read with my food.  The tables are a little disheveled, but I did not pay for the ambiance.  The food was satisfying and filling, and still extremely simple.  This is a Minneapolis classic still intact.  I was warmed up and fed.  The People Watching was fun, and everyone was happy.  They even played Christmas music before Thanksgiving.I'll go back sometime.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,5/6/2014,83,85,4,6,5>I can say with a smile on my face and an overly full stomach that I have had every burger/chicken sandwich on the menu (courtesy of a YELP event). I have never had a bad meal at this place. The food is always fresh, hot and delicious. I don't normal visit Smashburger unless I'm craving it and when I do crave it, it's usually gone just as fast as it came to my table. My go to option is the Smash Chicken Spicy Baja with a side of smash fries. The sweet potato fries are also tasty, but I prefer the rosemary, olive oil and garlic mixture the smash fries are tossed in. Bonus, they also serve beer. I guess we will just have to wait and see if they end up going with wings as well to complete the burger, beer and wings trio.The restaurant is always clean and welcoming with a friendly staff. It also does help that it's really close by, but I guess that can sort of be dangerous as well If you sign up for their mailing list they usually send out coupons ($2 off, free fries, etc.) every month or so. If you can't wait that long and you have been to Smashburger be sure to keep your receipt and fill out the survey, this also will give you a free order of fries at your next visit, which I believe has to be used within 30 days of your last purchase.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/5/2014,18,118,2,7,3>I have been a long-time fan of the downtown/riverside store (almost 30 years!) but the Eden Prairie location is closer to home, so I have started to go there. The selection and quality of service is every bit as good as the downtown store. I believe that the Eden Prairie installation has a bigger selection of components and accessories, but maybe I'm thinking that because of the different layout. Either way, Freewheel represents the cream of the crop in bike shops. They always take care of you, don't pressure you, and stand by their products. I just purchased a Salsa Mukluk here and I felt like I was buying a high-end car. The sales guys set up a number of bikes to test ride for comparison so I could be sure I got exactly what I wanted. The little snow test trail was especially nice because it offered me the opportunity to test the bikes in the environment I intend to use them in. I left feeling happy about my purchase and believe I got a great deal. If you want a premium buying experience for your next bike purchase, it doesn't get much better than Freewheel.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,5/4/2014,68,98,3,9,4>I hardly know where to begin on this review as I am blown away by what it actually is.This is EXCEPTIONAL food in a mall food court!!!I will give you a moment to let what I said sink in.Yes, you read that right.  It is EXCEPTIONAL food in a mall food court.I have been to Pimento Jamaican Kitchen twice now (went 2 days after I had gone the first time - mainly to see if it was a fluke the first time).  Both times I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken (bone-in, flavor-in).  The chicken comes with coconut rice and beans, some slaw and sweet fried plantains.  First - the chicken.  This was the STAR of the show!  The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender.  The seasoning and spices had worked their way through the skin and into the meat.  The meat was EXTREMELY moist and cooked to perfection each time (clearly by someone who knows what the heck they are doing).  There was a fair amount of spice (now Minnesotans, I don't mean "Spice" as "hot" - though it did have a good heat to it - I mean "Spice" as actually flavorful herbs and spices being used to make the dish finely balanced in taste).  The chicken is served with choices of a Jamaican Jerk-style BBQ sauce (Minnesota Mild or Kingston Hot I believe) as well as an extra hot sauce that is available that tasted of roasted scotch bonnet peppers.  The sauces were exceptional and a good balance of heat, spice and flavor,The coconut rice and beans were good.  I would have preferred them to be a little more moist, beans not quite as scarce and a little more of a sweet coconut flavor (I am just biased to the rice and beans I had at a little jerk hut down in the islands).  All in all this too was very good.The slaw was very fresh, but a tad too bland.  Good crunch and cabbage quality - don't change a thing there.  I would have liked a little salt taste to it and I would have enjoyed some celery seed in it.  That being said, it was very good.The plantains!!!  I LOVED the plantains!!!  Warm, sweet, syrupy and spiced.  If the owners ever want to offer me a huge container of there I will not say no!  (They would be AMAZING over vanilla ice cream as well, seriously.)  I loved how you can taste the plantain itself even though the wonderful spices and sweetness are also pronounced.  These were exceptional.This meal with a coke cost me about $9.00.  Spendier than most food court offerings, but honestly the quality was something that you would have paid over twice as much for (owners, don't get any ideas from that) at a sit down restaurant and you would have been quite pleased to play that.This is the only time I can remember that I have ever recommended that someone go out of their way to eat at a mall food court, but if you do not make this a destination you are mission out on some INCREDIBLE Jamaican food!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,5/3/2014,66,200,2,16,6>Shogun Sushi and Hibachi just opened up about 2 days ago. I've been driving by almost everyday driving on 42 now let me tell you this place has been a miss for the previous 3-4 business that have failed to remain open.Walking into the restaurant you are crossing over a small pond its actually pretty neat no fish but still cool. Then you are greeted by a hostess they offer either the seated dining area for sushi and the sushi bar, bar or the hibachi tables. We originally came in for sushi and after looking at the menu decided to go with the Hibachi they kindly moved us without giving us any grief. It looked like they had 8 hibachi tables and  private one in the back. Our chef of the night was Tom he was very entertaining and offered the usual sake in the mouth fun and singing/volcano moves while cooking. We ordered the Shogun Special for 2 $60.00 It included Lobster, filet mignon, shrimps, fried rice, noodles, veggies and shrimp apps, soup, and salad WHEW!  Needless to say I have plenty leftover for lunch. They also offer the typical sauces the white sauce and the ginger. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great.Also the tuna tataki which was ok probably wouldn't order again for $10.00Having Shogun so close to home i will for sure visit once more and especially for lunch the prices seemed very good!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/2/2014,61,82,3,7,8>I love this museum, I really really do.  When I was a little kid my mother used to regularly take us here after we saw productions at the Children's Theater.  I used to run to the Chuck Close portrait 'Frank' and just stare in awe.  To this day that painting is magical to me.The MIA has a fantastic collection and we're so lucky to have access to this place for free (although you should make a donation since it's worth of it).  My favorite are the period rooms with the Bradstreet room really standing out.  Those are located on the 3rd floor which is my favorite since it also includes the contemporary and modern art.  There's no point really in me detailing all the art they have because it's extensive and everyone will have their preference.  What I want to point out are the elements that really rounded out my latest experience.When I arrived I was early and went over to get coffee only to find they now have a wonderful Dogwood coffee bar.  I know they are doing further expansions so I look forward to those.  Dogwood is some of the best coffee in the Twin Cities and you'll feel so fancy stepping into this clean, shiny coffee bar that is a flawless extension of the gallery space.  You can then find a spot in the main entry or sit near the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Minneapolis skyline.  After my wander through the galleries I stopped in the gallery shop which is always a treat to myself on my way out.  There are always smartly designed mugs or gadgets you didn't know you needed but now you do.  :)  I also had a fantastic customer care experience when I presented them with a coupon they weren't aware of but honored it anyway.  After that I spent a few moments chatting with the clerk who was so pleasant and asked me my name as I was leaving.  That kind of connection and level of welcome is rare in the world at large but always the type of thing I know I'll encounter at the MIA.  The best part about this place is that the collection is always evolving.  There are the old favorites but there is always so much more to discover.  I love coming here and can't wait to come back!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,8/9/2014,126,98,5,5,3>Each time I see a restaurant with a personality to it, in the twin cities burbs, I shed a little tear of joy. With pretty interesting paintings on the wall, low cost dishes and a very intriguing staff, this place may just be one of the best things that happened to the city of Eagan. The quality of food is good and the portions are large ( you dont have to finish it all you know that right? they have to go boxes) Furthermore It is pretty close to Regal Eagan theaters, so you know what, instead of spending all that money on the popcorn\soda try eating at this place before or after the show that you are going to see.With all these nice things said about the place let me balance this review out by asking you to refrain from eating the Flan. It does not taste great and the texture is a little off as well.Plenty of parking and sometimes its a little crowded so you may have to wait just a bit.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,8/8/2014,192,528,3,5,4>I don't know what to say, other than Everest is simply amazing.   I had some samosas, an eggplant curry and tandoor chicken.  Pleasantly spicy, not too hot, but enough that you know you are alive.  Good sized portions and reasonably priced.  I think each meal is enough for two.  Probably the best south central Asian restaurant, comes highly recommended by me.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/7/2014,95,26,6,13,7>I happened to find myself in Apple Valley and made it a point to stop here. Some friends and I needed some cheering up as we just said our final goodbyes to a high school friend. This restaurant is owned by the Bacio guys so I expected the same happy hour deals. It was spot on. Fantastic $5 specialty drink menu, and great beer specials. Any tap $3.50, if I remember correctly. We had the margarita pizza, and a few orders of the ahi tuna crisps that Bacio turned me onto. Great flavor in those tuna crisps... The fresh tuna and avocado makes me feel fairly healthy as I'm downing a high calorie martini. :)The margarita pizza was just ok. Too much cheese for the size of the pizza.Looks like the patio will be pretty amazing once it's open. It appears to wrap around 3/4 of the restaurant. I'll most likely make a trip out some sunny afternoon to check it out.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/6/2014,105,151,8,8,9>You know what?  We have got a great little airport here in the Twin Cities (primarily referring to Lindbergh terminal, Humphrey is ok, but I mainly have experience with Lindbergh)!  And with all of the improvements over the last 14 years, I think it one of the best I've ever been to IN THE WORLD.  BAM!!Sure, O'hare has those Puff Daddy neon lights, art exhibits, and cool architecture, JFK looks cool/has improved and is convenient to the city, Narita has some really good places to eat and neat things to see (same with Heathrow), and there's plenty of lesser airports that I'm not going to mention - but MSP's got GREAT food and good shops all wrapped up into a neat and convenient little bundle.  And with FREE wifi!I mean c'mon...Ike's?? French Meadow?? Surdyk's Flight?? Last time I was there, I noticed they had recently gotten some kind of Japanese ramen-looking place, definitely smelled good!  And I'm a big fan of the really comfortable new seats and ipads!  And like I said, good selection of shops like Aveda, Tumi, and other random gift/book stores (even though I never buy anything...whoops!). And while I've had my fair share of those "Home Alone"-esque moments, I've never reached the same level of despair/panic as I have when I've been in Atlanta (BOO!) or Detroit (BOO!).  So, yay MSP!  Now just get fewer "close calls" (startribune.com/local/we…), and we'll be good to go!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/5/2014,73,87,4,8,6>Whenever I move, I always go through a nervous stage of panic trying to find my (or in this case our) Asian restaurant. It may not be the best there is out there (in this case, it is), but it's in your neighborhood, hence...you call it your restaurant. Everyone has one - whether it be Chinese, Thai, Indian...whatever it is, you know you have your restaurant. And in my recent move, the search for our Asian restaurant buddy ended when we discovered Wok in the Park. We had found Asian Cuisine Heaven. Since then, every time we eat it it's like we float in clouds of Sesame Chicken while Summer Roll angels feed us Pad Thai. It's unreal how good this place is. I cannot get enough of this place. Clearly.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,8/4/2014,123,249,6,6,5>I had a lovely and delicious lunch at this place. They start each person at the table with their own popover and butter. They pretty much melt in your mouth since they are so good!I ordered the asiago crusted chicken which came with mashed potatoes and cooked zucchini, squash and tomatoes. It was large enough to feed two people so I took half of it home for dinner! I enjoyed the dish and recommend it.There were also some nice sounding salads and sandwiches to choose from that my co workers seemed to enjoy.It's pretty easy to get a table here during lunch hour but I would avoid this place during the macys flower shows and Christmas since it gets overly crowded.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,8/3/2014,84,52,2,10,4>I must preface this with it was The Rookery's soft opening.  It was really busy as you would expect, but the team was working hard and really on top of their game getting drinks and food out as quickly as they could.  The Rookery and Travail are in the same room, but I feel like the Rookery is more of a bar/restaurant.  I was a little confused by the entrance, but it's on the side and it's a large freezer door, no really it is.  Pretty cool concept, except it was late at night and really cold and I wasn't really in the mood to be walking around looking for the right door.  Needless to say I found the correct door and we got a seat at the bar at the Rookery. For the soft opening we tried long list of small dishes, all which were pretty good, but a few stood out for me. - Tortellini- a bit of sweet/salty and a perfect amount of creamy/soft goodness.  I've never tasted anything like this, but I can't wait to return and eat this again.- soft scramble egg-  comes in a cute brown egg, with a hole on the top, and you get a mini spoon to eat it with.  Topped with a bit of truffled mushroom, you can't go wrong.  We got to try two of them and the second one was a bit too salty, but needless to say it was the soft opening and consistency will come with time.  Texture was amazing both times.- Hamachi- A refreshing plate of hamachi sashimi with some amazing light flavors.- foie- Really no explanation needed, it was soft, tasty, and perfect.  A great experience, flavors were spot on, and they have a great selection of drinks too!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,8/2/2014,52,134,6,8,7>I'll need a change of address card because I'll be moving in here. My husband and I arrived at 6:15pm and were warmly greeted by staff. Jalayne waited on us with the happiest attitude I've ever seen in a server. She offered to let us get in on the happy hour deal even though it was after 6:00. So nice!Husband had a few beers and chicken wings. I had the largest glass of house red wine ever and the Smoked Turkey Sandwich. Thick turkey slices, cranberry chutney, Gouda cheese...wake me I just passed out from taste overload.We had such a wonderful experience we said hi to the owner who was super nice as well.I've blabbed to everyone I know that this is the best place.I mean, who wants to eat yummy food served by a happy staff? Everyone.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/1/2014,26,73,5,9,8>Wow! Spicy Tongotsu Ramen: served in huge, steaming hot bowls, fragrant with herbs and vegetables. It is a white broth with the red of chili oil (or something spicy). Crispy bokchoy and slices of savory pork swim together with a hard boiled egg. There are copious strands of shredded ginger and lots of chopped scallions to top it off. I had heard the soups were great here, but this just jumped to (near) the top of my "favorite soup" category! I wanted to pick up the huge bowl and drink it all down (but I didn't see anyone else doing it, and I didn't want to appear "gauche", though, I thought about doing it anyway!I can't believe I've lived here five years and never knew of this place. It is fairly hidden. A selfish part of me hopes it stays hidden because I don't ever want it too crowded! But I know better than to say that. The service was quick and business was brisk this visit. Highly recommended.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,7/31/2014,96,183,6,11,7>Pho 79 is growing on me. The service is superb. My table needed more water, limes, and chili oil and our server was quick to retrieve each request. I ordered the #13, well done brisket, well done flank, fat brisket, soft tendon and tripe.  My favorite parts are the brisket, tendon and tripe. The soft tendon is a good thick cut of gelatinous melt in your mouth jelly, and the tripe is chewy textured stomach, like squid or jellyfish. In my opinion there is never enough tripe but I encounter this problem everywhere.On my second visit in a month I found Pho 79 does have the chili oil. You only need to ask your server and they will bring you a whole container. I found it incredibly hot so be cautious when adding to your dish - like mouth on fire, burning in my nose and throat hot! My brother made the mistake of adding a scoop full so that his bowl had a nice red layer on top. Remember that you can add it but you can't subtract it.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,1/2/2009,17,102,,6,5>Yowsers -Orange awning calling my name!  As I strolled through the door I was greeted by a vibrant woman and little person on one of those preschool bike things.  Inside is an eclectic array of Etsy sellers like Happify, local artists, and handmade goods.  This is a great place to stop for jewelry, screen printed limited edition posters, cards, unique dishes, and t-shirts.Check this place out, then, head down to Anodyne for chai.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,1/1/2009,236,46,2,10,7>Source Comics & Games. If there were only a more fitting name!!! The Source is, indeed, your "premiere Twin-City source" for everything comic book and game related.  Just how big are they? Well, let me just start off by saying - Jim Lee.  Yup, he was there. And if you don't know who that is, you better ask somebody! Comics? Ya, they have that too.  Marvel. DC. Image. Dark Horse. Spider-Man. Iron-Man. Batman. World of Warcraft. Even some that I don't even know about are here. Yes, you are going to find it all here! And if you can't  they will get it for you!  And games? Magic the Gathering. Yu-Gi-oh. Dungeons and Dragons. The list goes on. And on. And on. Plus, recurring game events in-store make the Source that much more appealing to visit.And I haven't even started on the selection of collectible figures, toys, comic book and game accessories and kits, models, board games, anime, video games, and...aghh!!!  Why do I keep coming back? Well, the staff is extremely helpful and know a thing or two about comics. Ya. A thing or two. The breadth is truly amazing. And did I mention that I love their selection? PS: Don't forget to pick up a copy of the in-store event calendar!
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2008,12/31/2008,39,332,2,7,4>This was surprisingly good for Woodbury like some of the other reviews mentioned.  After reading the other reviews I was looking forward to coming here and seeing what it was all about.  The one thing I was particularly looking for was the service since there were a couple reviews saying it wasn't all that good.  We had Alyssa and she was very helpful and very nice in helping us pick entrees, wine and desert.  I had the angus burger and it seemed a little dry but I did like the faccocia that it came on.   I also really liked the gorgonzola cheese they put on it so overall it was a good burger just a little dry.  So I would go back but I would only go if it was on a half priced bottle night because there is something about being in Woodbury that tells me I don't have to spend that kind of money on a bottle of wine in a cafe.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2008,12/30/2008,203,560,2,7,3>Solid food, friendly staff and fair prices meet to create your new favorite Italian place in Uptown.  We started our meal with an appetizer of crostini topped with Brussels sprouts, pancetta and white beans.  The crispy crostini was a perfect foil to the rich, flavorful beans studded with chunks of Brussels sprouts and salty pancetta.  The two large crostini were gone in a flash.On to the pastas.  The original plan was to split the Linguine with with clam sauce and the papardelle with duck ragu.  However, the plan changed when my date refused to give up the linguine.  I had to settle for a few bites of that (fantastic) before getting serious with my papardelle, which matched perfect house made noodles with a rich, earthy duck/tomato sauce, velvety with goat cheese and sweetened by red pepper.  Wonderful.  We paired the food with a bottle of the house red, an earthy Primitivo that was as tasty as it was reasonably priced.For desert, we enjoyed a tiramisu--which was just fine--with a couple of glasses of vin Santo.  The latter was the perfect foil for the former, cold, sweet and strong.  The excellence of the vin Santo/tiramisu combination almost allows me to forgive the absence of a cheese plate.Rinata hits the sweet spot of the price/quality value proposition.  I consider it fully worth every one of the 4 stars awarded, and would encourage you to enjoy the place at will.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2008,12/29/2008,192,528,9,8,3>There are two bars in the same building.  The Front is a dance club with a DJ playing KDWB dance music.  The women that come here are loose and always up for a good time.  Ground Zero is a bondage bar.  Its a good place to go if you are looking for someone in to BDSM.  There are also a lot of suburban moms and frat boys looking for a glimpse into the unknown.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,12/28/2008,12,27,3,4,5>Known as the regional benchmark for Korean food for good reason. Although bland in its decor and sadly lacking hibachi grills at any tables, you could probably point to the menu with your eye closed and score a treat. Their treatment f chicken bulgogi is a delight, and bibimbop is even more fun to eat than it is to say.Remember, kimchee makes you a more well-rounded person.  ;)
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2008,12/27/2008,35,41,7,19,16>I adopted my dog from here 3 years ago (at a PETCO Adoption Day). She was a 6-year-old Pomeranian, had no teeth, and was picked up as a stray. She is seriously the sweetest dog I have ever met, and I feel so lucky to have found her. (Awww. I'm corny.)Some people say they want a puppy from a breeder because they think they'll know exactly what they're getting that way... Guess what! You don't. My little pup already had established behaviors that the Humane Society folks could let me know about--plus, she actually *needed* a good home to keep from being euthanized! She also already knew how to "come," "sit," was house trained, spayed, AND had all of her shots! Additionally, people have told me they think they're going to get a sick pet & not know about it if they adopt. My dog has a minor stomach issue that causes her to occasionally puke up food--and this was disclosed to me IMMEDIATELY when I began looking at her. HSUS will not hide any known issues because they *want* to make a good match between owner & pet. You will know everything about the animal up front.People are usually surprised when I tell them that I paid $300 as an adoption fee, because many are under the impression that an adopted dog is (or should be) free. Keep in mind that a fee like this doesn't even totally cover the shots, spaying/neutering, vet bills, surgeries, etc. that many animals have to go through before being ready for their new home. It's not an exorbitant amount, and it's the best $300 I ever spent! (Some animals cost less, some more, depending on breed, how much medical attention they needed, etc.) I also think paying a substantial sum of money keeps a lot of the non-serious "Oh, cute! I want a puppy!"-types away & makes a person think seriously about whether or not they are ready for a pet.There are so many wonderful animals that need loving homes just waiting to be adopted! Puppies, older dogs, kittens, older cats, bunnies, etc. A huge variety of breeds, too, so there is no reason you can't find the exact type of companion animal you're looking for!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2008,12/26/2008,87,37,1,11,10>Intimate with an old-world charm that one finds in cities across Europe, St. Paul's Rice Park is the heart and savior of an otherwise dull and spiritless downtown. Under the strain of torpid city planners who lack any sense of vision, the park lingers in the unrealized potential of a world-class town square.A number of formidable St. Paul institutions frame the block-shaped Rice Park. Oldest among these is the north facing Landmark Center, a Romanesque Revivalist jewel that houses several Twin Cities arts organizations. The luxurious, crescent shaped St. Paul Hotel faces the park from the southeast, blending well with its Renaissance Revival neighbor, the St. Paul Central Library. Rounding out this quartet of magnificent architecture is the Ordway Center for Performing Arts, the primary stage of the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, Minnesota Opera, Schubert Club, and a host of Broadway plays. Constructed in respectable scale, this modern, copper-lined and glass-paneled building avoids disrupting the integrity of the surrounding designs.Though adorned with a pleasant fountain at its center and a generous supply of built-in benches, Rice Park is looked at less as a destination than as a pathway for those venturing into or out of the area's attractions (the Science Museum and Xcel Energy Center are also nearby). Its heaviest usage comes during the St. Paul Winter Carnival, when sculptors, in what must be described as a labor of love, brave the cold January air, crafting images and shapes out of ice. Winter is also the season when the trees in the park are laced with an intricate web of lights. At night the scene evokes a kind of Nordic grace that seems inspired by Helsinki, Copenhagen or Oslo, helping us forget about the staid, impersonal modernism that typifies most American cities west of the Mississippi.    The stone-lined roads of the park's perimeter are connected to half a dozen arterial streets pulling away from the park, leading outward to the many points of (dis)interest in downtown St. Paul. If you follow the road north of the hotel, you'll find a cozy Caribou Coffee tucked away at an angle, though it really ought to be facing the park directly. My amateur-designer impulse would find room for a book store somewhere along the park, as well as a New York style deli that can create a culture of newspaper stands and late night snacking. Of course, to generate this demand more housing is needed in the vicinity, and St. Paul has exiled much of its residential units to the eastern edge of the downtown, several blocks away. Despite its imperfections (none of the intrinsic), Rice Park possesses the basic tools for St. Paul to be elevated to greatness, offering us glimpses of an urban cosmopolitanism that we all seem to long for.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,12/25/2008,65,25,2,6,6>Well... another Yelp.com success story. Today was one of my good friend's birthdays, and after debating what we should do to celebrate, I turned to Yelp (why didn't I just come here first?)We decided to walk over to Sunnyside Up Cafe on Lyndale. When we approached at about 10a, there was the standard Sunday morning breakfast line. After a moment of confusion about who was in line or not, we added our name to the list. "It'll be about an hour on food" we all were told - to which the 8 or so people in front of us decided to try their luck elsewhere. With just the two of us left, we were seated, however, told that it would still be an hour wait due to the fact that one of the cooks didn't show for work this morning! We decided to wait it out (and I'm so glad we did).My friend ordered coffee (and for a coffee snob, he was impressed with it). I ordered some chocolate milk. In the hour we sat and conversed, I don't think his coffee got past mid-cup the entire time - it was like his cup had some sort of sensor built in! ;) As for my chocolate milk, with the wait, the server brought me another big glass once the food finally arrived (how sweet).The food: Ohmygoodness! I ordered the Cowboy Tort, which was "Pork green chili layered between corn tortillas and melted cheese, served with eggs, refried beans, sour cream and ranchero salsa" - my friend ordered the standard Biscuits and Gravy. We also ordered a shortstack so that we could both try their pancakes too.The food was simply amazing. To make things even better, our server brought out the shortstack with a lit candle and sang happy birthday to my friend! The breakfasts were super flavorful. My friend's hashbrowns were perfect, the biscuits and gravy were super flavorful and the sausage chunks were wonderful. My tort was one big cheesy, gooey, Mexi-wonderfulness! It was served with eggs, salsa, beans and sour cream. I would highly highly recommend, but be prepared for a takeout box with the sheer amount of food! The shortstack was the only disappointment in our meal; the pancakes were dry - a good flavor, but the texture just didn't work. I think the issue was that they were cooked too long and as a result were crispy, not light and airy. As you can tell by my rating, this had little impact on the enjoyment of the rest of our food!The restaurant itself: I was a bit surprised with how much seating there was. A lot of tables, a lot of room and a lot of people moving about. The walls were painted with murals - and we happened to be very pleased with where we sat: A hawk with a birthday hat on flying after a toad with a big bow - how appropriate for the birthday boy! :)Final verdict? I highly recommend this place. The food was great and the service was fantastic, thus making the overall experience a good one. If Bethany is working, she'll be sure to take care of you and keep your beverages filled. I think I earned some serious points for picking this place as the birthday breakfast spot! Happy Birthday E! *grin*PS - Quick heads-up: this place doesn't take plastic, so be sure to bring cash! For those of us that don't carry cash, they do have an ATM inside. Just remember this little piece of info when you head out for that wonderful breakfast you're about to have!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,12/24/2008,274,290,5,6,6>I am torn. King's has a reputation for being the "best" Korean restaurant in the TC. I'd definitely agree that it is among the better, but in the grand scheme of objective ratings...it's really a 3 at best. I will go to Dong Yang any day over King's. But what Dong Yang lacks in ambiance, King's makes up for.  Things are on the pricey side, but they do have the gamut of Korean and Chinese-Korean dishes. If I could change one thing, I go all out and make it a grill-at-your-table establishment. Alas, they're probably worried about stinking up the place (for the record, I *like* smelling like Korean BBQ)....or can't count on most non-Korean patrons to know what the heck to do w/ the grill. But I digress.The last time I was there, I was w/ a huge group and it was basically, "Korean Food 101." Ironically (cause I'm not Korean...no we Asians don't all look the same!), I was one of the leaders and helped to pick out our wide variety of dishes:- Kalbi (marinated and grilled short ribs): a bit of  a letdown....the ribs were really tough and flavor, nothing to write home to Umma about. - Bulgogi: the marinated pork pieces were pretty tender and had a decent flavor. For me, not as flavorful as it could be and a bit on the greasy side. But everyone else couldn't get enough.- Dol Sot Bibimbap: veggies, marinated beef, fried egg, and rice in a hot stone pot. But really, it could've been hotter so that the bottom could get all crispy. It's pretty hard to eff this up though.- Manduguk (dumpling soup): a surprising hit. Their mandu did fall apart easlly though, which suggests overcooked. But the broth was light and flavorful.- Soondubu: this is a supposed-to-be spicy tofu stew w/ seafood. I wouldn't order it again here.  This is way more bland than it's supposed to be. And no egg? - Pajun (seafood and veg pancake): better than I expected and chock full of seafood, scallions, and other green veggies.- plus on another occasion I've had the Jajangmyun: lots of veggies plus the acorn starch noodles in a black bean paste...pretty good. My friend said this Chinese-Korean dish is rare to come by in regular Korean restaurants.Their banchan is respectable, but far from the best I've had in my life. Seems that the Twin Cities is SORELY lacking in the Korean side dish department. Anyway, the hit of the night was probably the bulgogi. Everyone ended up stuffed and satisfied...me? I was stuffed, but left to reminisce about all the far superior Korean food of days past. Sigh.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,9/12/2009,47,152,3,5,5>Delicious! I had the chicken sandwich with the smoked pepper sauce and cabbage. I savored every bite. I was very tempted to order some plantains, but am glad I did not as the sandwich was filling and just perfect. To finish off the meal we had a yummy chocolate lava cake with some creamy icing. I will definitely be coming back here and on my next visit I will have to try the pulled pork.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,9/11/2009,34,120,5,5,5>A small group us went to Dulano's on Saturday.  We were starving and in need of nourishment (pizza) and beverages from a pitcher (beer). Dulano's delivered in style.  We ordered the Hawaiian and the House Special.  Both were fantastic.  My only complaint about the food was in ordering the Special, we couldn't tell which side was "hold the olives...." I hate those little suckers and they seemed to have taken over the entire pie.  I picked 'em off and got over it; the thin crust goodness was too good to let a few pesky olives ruin.  We were able to grab a table in the back, which was great as we were easily able to converse without having to yell over the live music.  Also, Dulano's is the type of place where you can show up wearing just about anything and feel right at home, which in my book scores major points. Olives aside, my only complaint of the night was when a woman "with the band" starting awkwardly soliciting each table for money to support bluegrass music.  Lady, I've got a face full of pizza and haven't come up for air.... BACK OFF.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,9/10/2009,63,166,3,8,8>My boss took me out to lunch here today.  For those who don't know, Vincent is a French restaurant, but I didn't think that the food was too unusual.  I chose the steak salad and roasted fig dessert from their prix fixe menu.  My boss got the ham & cheese sandwich.  She said that she would give it a 7/10 because it wasn't salty enough and after all, "What's a ham & cheese sandwich without the salt?"  I loved my food.  The chef got my steak done just the way I want it.  I always ask for "barely pink" when I eat out and usually get too rare or well done.  The steak was very tender and was flavored perfectly - not too salty, not too bland.  The vinaigrette on the salad was the perfect amount and it complemented the steak, as did the carmelized onions and pine nuts.  Seriously, how do you go wrong with steak, carmelized onions and pine nuts?!  It was fantastic.  Then, our waitress brought out my dessert.  It was a roasted fig on top of some vanilla custard with a raspberry almond sauce and a macaroon cookie.  I think I could have eaten a gallon of that custard.  It was that good.  I thought that my lunch was a pretty darn good choice but let me just say that every little morsel of my dessert took me to culinary heaven.The people watching opportunities were wonderful.  There were two old ladies with a wagon full of dolls, two kids yelling what I thought was, "Wash your feet," but turned out to be "Brush your teeth!" when they got closer, and a lady whose hair matched her bright blue and purple outfit!  I didn't get to see her fingernails or toenails - now that would have been color coordinating.  Basically, you get lunch plus a free show.The service was okay.  A little slow.  We were waiting around for a while after we had finished lunch before I got my dessert.  So ... only 4 stars instead of 5 because I left feeling satisfied (nice portion control for those on a diet), but I wasn't full.  Lunch with a dessert for $12.95?  Not bad at all .. I would highly recommend stopping in for lunch so that you can try the food without the higher dinner prices.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2009,9/9/2009,87,37,5,10,8>The Guthrie, Children's Theater, and (now defunct) Theatre de la Jeune Lune have rightly garnered national recognition for their incomparable excellence in theater--all three have won the prestigious Tony Award for Best Regional Theatre--and for catapulting Minneapolis and St. Paul to an elite class of "theater cities," alongside the likes of both New York and Chicago.As welcome and integral as these three institutions have been to the cultural and economic life of the Twin Cities, the praise bestowed upon them has a way of diminishing--quite tragically--the accomplishments of a dozen or so other playhouses throughout the cities. To the lay public or visiting tourist, these smaller stages are virtually non-existent (although aspiring hipsters from the suburbs seem to possess life-long affinities for Triple Espresso and Tony and Tina's Wedding...WTF?!?).To the cognoscenti, however, these smaller, lesser-known stages--known mostly by locals for their innovative, at times controversial productions--are the backbone of Minneapolis' and St. Paul's true theater world.    The Penumbra Theatre Compay, in the historic Rondo neighborhood of St. Paul, is one of these playhouses--a community based  troupe--whose artistic contributions far exceed its actual size and annual budget. Pioneering in an oeuvre that focuses on the African American experience in America, Penumbra has been a breeding ground for black playwrights, including two-time Pulitzer Prize-winner, August Wilson.Each season Penumbra sets off on an ambitious program that journeys through themes of racism and resolution, of family breakdown and repair, of self-identity and community cohesion. The stories are told primarily through black voices and images, but they also convey truths that transcend color lines.One of the highlights of Penumbra is their compelling portrayal of the Black Nativity, which is a retelling of the Biblical classic through an all-black cast. Many locals have included the Black Nativity in their annual holiday festivities, with the same fervor paid to "It's A Wonderful Life" by generations of Americans. I guess that's the point of great theatrical (and filmic) experiences:  they appeal to us on multiple levels, inspiring us to see and feel our shared humanity.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,9/8/2009,70,198,,7,8>Blackbird Cafe presented an interesting array of contradictions when I went there for brunch last week. Visually, there was a strange combination of the austere and grotesque. The clientele and staff reminded me of something I might find in an organic coffee house peopled with moneyed vegans, but the hearty choices on the menu and antlers hanging on the wall say something different. And all of this only makes for a more interesting experience. It's not disquieting... but creates an undercurrent of, a sort of, purposeful chaos.The menu is perfectly sized with just enough of a selection of interesting choices to keep people with different tastes engaged. My shaved beef sandwich (can't recall the actual menu title) was very good and its accompanying fries were just right. My friend was blown away by the fresh squeezed OJ and was quite happy with his sandwich. I was convinced, not even halfway through my visit, that I would be back. Not just to try another one of the interesting menu choices, that I was now convinced would be very good, but to sit in this interesting place of contradictions and soak it all in for some more good conversation and visual stimulation.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,9/7/2009,65,311,6,8,7>To figure out what Buster's is, let's discuss what it is not:Bar:  Grain Belt Premium with a frozen Tombstone Pizza.  Pub:  Guinness with fish and chipsTavern:  Sam Adams, Coors Light, maybe a Summit and probably salted snacks.Bistro:  Panini's (not sandwiches), wines by the glass, some microbrews.Alehouse:  lots of great beers, burgers, maybe some pizzas.Buster's strikes me as a cross between a Bistro and an Alehouse tucked into a bar.  Lots of great beers, bistro type of food, i.e., a menu with some thought behind it, stuffed into a long narrow bar with very nice finish, i.e., not a dive bar.I love their beer selection which is very much microbrew and European oriented (Belgian, German, English, Czech).  The food is well done but a bit more selection in the appetizer area would be good when you just want to munch and drink.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,9/6/2009,15,46,3,6,4>I finally made it to Bev's recently and I was utterly impressed.  The vibe upon walking in is calm and quiet, yet intriguing and mysterious.  The lighting is quite dim, but the candles at each table add to the atmosphere and mood.  There is a bar in which one can sit at, or there are plenty of tables for seating larger parties. There is a decent view of the Minneapolis skyline that I feel would be best enjoyed during the warmer months when outdoor seating is available. The wine selection was quite broad.  I tried the Gruner Veltliner, the Pinot Grigio, and Bev's White Wine.  All were quite pleasing, yet each had their own unique flavor and aroma.  There are a few other alcoholic selections other than wine available.  The cheese platter was an excellent companion to the wine, especially when paired with the baguette.  Finally, the chocolate dessert was indescribable!  It was far too rich for my tastes, but I believe that anyone with a chocolate love, would be in heaven with this treat.Parking was a tricky feat during my visit.  There were only meters and the lots behind J.D. Hoyt's and the Vu.  In addition, the "characters" walking the sidewalks were not shy to throw out comments to passing pedestrians, such as myself and my friend.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,9/5/2009,59,455,2,5,6>I was incredibly pleased with my decision to stop in here for Happy Hour on Friday. 2 for 1 beers, wines, and rail drinks!! That was perfect! I definitely want to come back real soon for happy hour! I also really enjoy how they serve their wines, I find that little carafe to be very cute, and somewhat sophisticated. It looked nice when she poured in the glass for me anyways. It was raining on Friday when we stopped in, so we weren't able to sit outside at all. I love sitting outside to eat and drink, it's so much better than constantly being indoors. Plus, in Minneapolis, I feel you really need to take advantage of the outdoors in our short spurt of great weather! The food was good also. I just had the spinach dip, which we delicious, a bit thinner than most places, but very tasty! My boyfriend had a cheeseburger.. the Fries were good, I tried them! He really enjoyed it. The place was pretty busy when we stopped in, but it didn't interfere with great service, and speedy wait times for dinner.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,9/4/2009,66,139,9,9,10>Okay, I'm docking a star.  But I have good reason, and it has nothing to do with the food or service.  When I go out for breakfast I like to sit down and get breakfast, not wait forty-five minutes in the freezing cold.  That's what happens here on weekends, which is when I want to go out for breakfast.  I just cannot give all five stars to a breakfast place that I can't justify trying to go to on weekends.Now, the important part:  If you go on a weekday when it won't be as busy, you will never want to leave.  This place is absolutely deserving of its legendary status.  Once you finally get in, sit yourself down on one of their wobbly stools, and let yourself be wowed over and over again.  I have not tried the cakes, but the omelets are spectacular.  They look like little brown oven mitts, but they taste like tiny shattered bits of heaven captured between two shells of crispy egg.  Honestly, I didn't even get the bell peppers I ordered in mine this morning, but I don't care.  I think the mistake was the divine hand of god saying "Kev, you don't need that - here, let me show you."  The food is unbelievably great, the service is tersely fun, and the space itself is (I have to say it) cozily comforting.  This place could be the Main Street institution of commerce in any small town in America (hell, I wouldn't be surprised to hear about it in a 'Lake Woebegon' monologue), but lucky us, It's right here next to the U in Dinkytown.I just wish they had room for me on Sunday mornings.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,9/3/2009,9,50,4,4,4>I came here with my mom as a kid, back when they had one incredibly small restaurant. I've always loved their gyros. It's like a fast food version of Greek food, which works on some level. Sure, it's not authentic, sure, it's fast food, but it's better than you typical global chain, that's for sure. I may have a slight bias, since nostalgia definitely plays a factor in my love for Dinos Gyros, but my 4 stars certainly don't go unfounded.It's cheap, it's good, and I like it.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,6/10/2009,65,99,2,7,6>This place is still great. My boyfriend insisted that I write an updated review!It was nearly perfect this time around. Sunday evening on the patio with the sun setting. It was quite nice. We had a few glasses of draft beer and the Crab Egg Rolls for starters. We ordered the Bison Burger again (since we loved it so much the last time) and the Pear and Gorgonzola Pizza. The pizza was delicious: A crispy crust, subtle sweetness from the pear and a nice kick from the Gorgonzola cheese. After the food we sampled a flight of beers by the fire when it got a bit colder. The staff was helpful and friendly. They were nice enough to keep the fire going for us since we were the only two on the patio. One of my favorite places in the Twin Cities!
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,6/9/2009,71,160,7,13,12>I'm Vietnamese, and hands-down best place to get pho is my mom's kitchen! (Or any Vietnamese food for that matter.) I never order pho when I go out to eat, they usually don't cut it.  Therefore, I have no opinions on the pho. :)What I do love is the other things on the menu. The things that are truly Vietnamese...the kinds of things a Vietnamese family eats for dinner.  Contrary to popular belief, we don't eat pho everyday. Since they share the place with Caravelle, I tend to order off of Caravelle's menu.  My favorite thing to get is the Ca Kho (not sure what to call it in english...Catfish Simmered with Caramel sauce in Clay Pot? lol) and Canh Chua Tom (sour soup with shrimp).  Canh chua is really simple, but it takes a special hand to make right.  They make it right.  Ca kho is what you eat with the soup, there's no way around it!  Whenever I'm craving a home-cooked Vietnamese meal and I'm to lazy to drive to my mom's, I go here to get these exact dishes.  I'm sure the other stuff is okay too...oh who cares, it's cheap!They have a good fried chicken appetizer too.  It's juicy!The previous reviewers are right, it looks like a hole in the wall. But since when does decor have anything to do with good food? :) You only care what a place looks like when it has bad food anyway...since you need anything to keep your mind off the bad stuff in your mouth!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,6/7/2009,16,145,3,10,5>I got married here so it holds a special place in my heart.  It beats the pants off of the Japanese garden at Como.  There is simply no better place in the Twin Cities to take wedding photos.Note that if you want to have a wedding here that you can only have a maximum of 50 guests and maybe a chair or two if you have an elderly/disabled person to accommodate.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,6/6/2009,170,391,10,7,6>Let's all admit that Patina is like crack for most women. I told my boyfriend; If you ever need a gift for me, and really don't want to think about it at all, just walk into Patina and buy anything. I will like it. Almost everything they sell is whole or partially useless, but seriously, I walk in and suddenly feel my life won't be complete without bacon-shaped bandages. Or an ice-cube tray that produces little gnome cubes. It should be illegal.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,6/5/2009,51,96,14,9,9>It's so good that I am yelping as I am eating. Ignore the fact that it's Friday night and I'm eating take out in front of my computer. And that I drove to this place even though it's too blocks away. It's winter. Anyway, I ordered the spring rolls and the veggie pho, both were scrumptious. Much like Emily Lebanese Deli, nothing cheers me up more than seeing surly teenagers being forced to work at their parent's restaurant on a friday night. It builds character! All the better for the youth of today.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,6/4/2009,203,560,5,10,7>Best. Salad Bar. Ever.Varieties of lettuce.  Loads of toppings, including the elusive Real Blue Cheese and Real Bacon.  House-made dressings.  Many prepared salads, even the mirthful Tuna Pea Pasta or the Spicy Cole Slaw of Goodness.  Fresh breads.  Raisins, seeds AND won ton chips with which to top the salad, which is by now about 6" tall on your plate and making you look gluttonous.  Don't stop now--enjoy a cup of soup too!The cost for this amazing tour de Salad is around $10.  Pricy?  I think not: this salad bar is ALL YOU CAN EAT.  Although I have to admit, in over 10 years of eating here I've never been able to do more than one trip through the line.I hear the rest of the food at the Skyroom is good.  I can't vouch for that, since I always every time without fail get the Best. Salad bar. Ever.OK.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,6/3/2009,76,8,4,6,4>Tooties has the best burger in town with the true home town feel!  I live a block away but would frequent this quaint family owned restaurant even if I had to drive to it.  I have brought friends and all have become regular customer.  Tooties have been open 25 years and yes the same family owns it! They just had their anniversary last weekend!  You will get a big hello when you walk in the door by the staff and the customers.  Come to the north side and check it out maybe your will see me there!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,6/2/2009,186,185,,9,7>Thank you fellow Yelpers. Jasmine 26 is a nice find.Atmosphere: The second nicest Vietnamese restaurant I've been in. Warmly lit with nice granite tables. Service was perfect, with the waiter giving great reccos and food arriving promptly. My water was never below half full. On to the food.Salt and Pepper Tofu: My favorite dish of the night. Crispy, well seasoned, with sauteed peppers and onions. Rating: 9/10Spicy Beef Salad: Mrs. Gou's favorite dish. Beef was well seasoned, tender, and not too spicy either. A perfect portion to share or eat alone.Rating: 8/10Banh Xeo (Vietnamese Crepe): Not your average Crepe, this was filled with Shrimp, beef, beans, sprouts, and more. We wrapped the crepes contents in a lettuce wrap and dipped it in fish sauce. Super filling and a deal at $10.rating: 7/10Overall, this may be my new favorite Vietnamese spot, right there with Quang.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,6/1/2009,192,528,,7,5>This place has been on my list of restaurants to try for awhile.  I've walked by before several times on my way to Ax-Man and thought it looked alright.  So when I was meeting a friend up for dinner last night, I was happy when she suggested BonXai.The interior makes you forget that you are on University Avenue, next to a sex shop.  It reminded me more of a modern trendy spot in Dupont Circle or Chelsea than the Midway.  The second surprise was the pricing.  Everything on the menu was from $8-15, not bad for super fresh, quality, asian-fusian cuisine.  A place like this in say Loring Park would be more in the $11-19 range.I had the Spicy Pad Thai, and can say it was probably the second best, I've tried in the Twin Cities, next to Jasmine 26.  I orderd the second highest spice level and it was hot, but comfortable on the palate.  I think next time I would go for the extra spicy level.  I tried a bite of my friend's steak stir-fry and enjoyed that as well.  They had an eclectic mix of dining options, like salmon, mahi mahi, and General Tso's chicken.Overall, I'd rate the food about an 8.5 out of 10 and the style and ambiance a 9.5.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,5/31/2009,57,68,1,5,10>Birchwood, sweet Birchwood. You make me mexi-mochas and scrambled eggs in the morning and give me wine and turkey burgers by night. You are where I go when I hear "let's meet for coffee" and "I have a yearning for ginger lemonade". You are green at heart and earnest and loving. Your food isn't what makes you special, although it is darned good. It's that you walk your walk. You buy local. You employ artists and folks who would rather bike to work than drive. You host special community dinners to celebrate important things like the inauguration or New Year's Day. You keep your walls bedecked with local art. You give us insight into who's working there and what their favorite hot beverage is. I've been visiting you for four years now and truth be told, knowing you were here in the Twin Cities, helped me move from the more jaded and snarktastic east coast. You're just so cozy. But not so much that it's annoying. Plus you have free wi-fi and you let me do my work without much muss and fuss--you keep me happy. I'll keep coming back.If you're looking for a place that truly lives the values of community, local self reliance, and nourishment, look no farther than here. Good for little people too, small and medium sized groups. If you are into junk food and industrial meats, go elsewhere.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,5/6/2012,30,185,2,3,2>I am fairly new to shawarma. But I must say, this place outdoes every other shawarma I've had. I think many places just buy frozen shawarma and throw it on their spit. Here they make everything fresh. It smells amazing when you walk in the door.So far I have only tried the lamb and beef shawrama wrap. I will get the full platter eventually. The meat is very succulent, strong flavor, very fresh. Veggies are fresh. I add a little siracha sauce for kick, but really, you dont need it. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Service was fast and friendly. If you have any questions they will be happy to answer them.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,5/5/2012,82,194,2,3,2>One of the only places in the Twin cities where I could find coffee jelly... Yup... you heard me right...coffee in jello format!  They serve it up a little different here than they do if you have it as a dessert but it's still yummy.  Think jello shot but instead of vodka, it's coffee and instead of one big shot it's cut up into tiny cubes you suck through a ginormous straw!My favorite drink here is the Royal Tea which is a milky nutty tea with coffee jellies added.  Yes you can have coffee and tea together and in the same drink... double your pleasure...double your caffeine!I've tried a mango passion fruit something or other and it was good but way too sweet for me so I returned it and they were happy to make me a royal tea coffee jelly instead which was nice.  In the summer it's a great place to bike too as it's off the greenway and there a little school park across the street that my friends and I took our dogs over to so we could enjoy the drinks outdoors.  There is parking in the back but the street is a one way so you may need to circle around.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,5/4/2012,81,401,2,5,3>The Groveland Tap is the quintissential neighborhood bar. It's located on a busy-ish but residential street and draws a great combination of locals, college students and visitors.By far, the star of the show is the beer selection, which is updated and kept on chalkboards posted throughout the restaurant. I would say that there are generally about 40 beers on tap at any given time, a nice selection of seasonals and a really good broad selection of all kinds of IPAs, porters, etc. All beer is super fresh when you get it, and it's pretty easy to drink a few more than you intended because you are enjoying yourself so much.The food is bar food. You shouldn't really expect any more. They make decent burgers and OK sandwiches. They have an all you can eat fish fry on Fridays that is OK (though for some reason you don't get more fries on the second basket... just more fish. Whaddup with that???). We actually really like the apps and sometimes just order those. The cheesecurds to me are the rockstar of the apps menu -- they're in some kind of really light tempura batter and come out super crispy and awesome. The first time we went there we ordered a second batch because we were so blown away. We also like the Welsh Rarebit (pretzel bread with melted aged cheddar on top) and the wings are OK. Fried pickles are great.If you're looking for a deal, they host two happy hours... one leading up to dinner time and one starting around 10 p.m. Certain apps are half price and beer is discoutned, too. Most glasses are hust $3 during happy hour.Friendly service, courteous people. All in all a really good neighborhood bar!Tip: there's additional parking in the back off of Fairview if you can't find a street spot.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,5/3/2012,12,103,3,3,3>I ended up here randomly after searching "fish and chips" in Yelp. I've driven by the place many times but never thought of going in, but I'm really glad I did. When we first walked in early on a Saturday night the place was silent, but packed. I looked in and saw that an entire side of the place was full of people watching Dr. Who, not a single person was talking. For the uninitiated, Dr. Who is a British sci-fi series with a cult following. This was a good sign as it showed me this wasn't your typical bar. We sat down at the really cool booths and checked out the British knick knacks on the walls - much of it is really interesting. The place is dark and very relaxed and seems to have a lot of regulars. They've got lots of good beers and booze. I ordered a Bells IPA to go with my fish and chips. The fish and chips were really good. Normally I douse mine with extra vinegar, these didn't need anything added to them. They were served with a nice tartar sauce which tasted like it had wasabi in it. I'll definitely be back. I'd recommend this place to nerds, Anglophiles, alcoholics and lovers of British comfort food.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,5/2/2012,354,223,3,11,6>Go ahead and change your name to Marvelous Bar, because that's exactly how I feel about you.Marvel Bar has a really loungy vibe without being too pretentious...which is a tough sell when you're a craft cocktail lounge. There's not a ton of seating, so if you're planning on Happy Hour, I'd advise you to get there early. There are only a few round booths, armchairs and a small couch or two. (On a side note:  They have this completely amazing wine cellar backdrop--ogling recommended.) We went around 10 p.m. on a Saturday night and stood the whole time because it was so busy, but the drinks really are worth it. I had the Tomas Collins, a Tom Collins with pickle brine (fantastic) and also sipped on my friend's Old Fashioned which was not your average Old Fashioned. The drinks are expensive, around $9-12 per drink if I remember correctly, but that's the price you pay for a quality beverage. If you really don't want to shell out that much, they have Hamm's for $3 and $1 Cheetos on the menu. Marvel bar is tough to locate, but I want you to succeed and experience it so I'm going to help you out with directions:1. Locate Askov Finlayson's storefront & The Bachelor Farmer on 2nd Ave N. & 1 St. N.2. Walk down 2nd Ave N. towards Azine Way.3. Take a left and walk down the stairs. You should be at a patio with lights strung across. If not, run, you probably trespassed or something.4. Go through the taupe door that looks like a door to an office building. I promise you won't get in trouble...unless you're under 21.5. Enter the purple door. Prepare to feel similarly to Alice in Wonderland (minus all the creepy encounters). 6. Don't tell anyone I that helped you find it--part of me is worried I just killed the speakeasy mystery.Enjoy--it's not every day you get an experience like this!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,5/1/2012,223,363,3,2,10>Although you are a bridge,Made of stone and other stuff,There are so many good things about you,But don't let your ego puff.People come all over,Tourists, cyclists, and peds,To gawk and talk or walk and stalk,You've got some serious cred.Stretched across the river,A glance away from the falls,A free and awesome sight you are,You make me want to bawl.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,4/30/2012,37,154,,4,1>Wow. I think I might be in love. FreeStyle has approximately 14 flavors of frozen yogurt that are always available, a slue of season flavors and a vast variety of toppings. If there is a combination you are in the mood for, you can make it up at this place. The best part: you literally are in control of your flavor.Each flavor is in a self-serve frozen yogurt machine - 2 flavors per machine with the option of twist at each. You can pick from a cup/bowl or a waffle cone to make your creation in and then next you pick your flavor or flavors of frozen yogurt. When you're done getting the amount or amounts of each that you wan, you can then go over to the toppings station where there are a variety of nuts, cereals, candies, fruit and other delights and add however much desired. For example, I got half a cup/bowl of New York Cheesecake and half a cup/bowl of Chocolate and then put a healthy helping of crushed heath on top. It was delicious. Prices are great here - I think the base price was like 43 cents an ounce (you serve yourself and then they weigh it at the counter). For the quality FreeStyle is offering, I'd say it's a good price point. All the allergens are coded under each flavor and then there is a key on the wall listing what the "codes" are for allergens like gluten or nuts. The owner, Dave, was there when I stopped by - I had been enjoying lunch at Rusty Taco when I heard FreeStyle was finally open. He was really nice guy and seemed to be really passionate about his new business. I really hope people support this place, it's local and original - no franchise here! It seems like a great place and I know I'll be going back there again with friends and my husband. It has a great location - between Trader Joes and Rusty Taco on Randolph and Lexington, it's a location my husband drives by everyday and one I have no problem driving 5 minutes to. Not too far from Grand, but far enough that it brings some unique flavor to the community it is in. Honestly, it's the best ice cream/frozen yogurt shop I've gone to - because YOU control what you're getting. Go try it out - it was delicious. Plus, I think frozen yogurt is like 100 calories for a serving whereas ice cream is 300 or something like that.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,4/29/2012,25,54,5,9,10>Love at first sight... can something like this really exist? I was skeptical... until now. Je t'aime Travail!I can't put into words the sense of appreciation I felt after completing my 10-course tasting menu. It exceeded my wildest expectations and completely lived up to the hype this place has received. Wanna know why Travail is one hardest places to get a reservation? Take your place in line to find out; get ready for a culinary experience of a lifetime. The restaurant has a young feel to it. Gazing into the open kitchen as the staff prepared delicious offering after offering, my calculation put the average age to be a young 30. A playful feel brought on by the ambiance of giant stuffed animals above the entryway immediately made me feel at home, and the occasional staff initiated chorus of  "we got a Fenda heeeerrrrreee" (every time someone ordered the Fender - I believe it to be a half and half combination of Surly Bender and Furious) put a smile on my face... and got me to order at least 2 of those bad boys.The food... oh the food... to help you visualize this in words, I'll make this analogy: Travail is to foodie, as Bellagio buffet is to chow hound. If you're a straight meat n' potatoes type, I'll be honest and caution you - your culinary palate will be tested to its limit. And I say this in a completely serious tone. If you want a burger and fries, order that and you'll be very happy. But if you do the 10-course tasting menu, prepare yourself for a roller-coaster of texture and flavor.This being said I highly recommend doing the taster menu. It runs $65 on Tuesday/Wednesday, $70 for the ladies on Thursday's ladies night, and $80 on Friday/Saturday/Sunday. This covers a 10-course dinner for 2, plus 3 or 4 amuse bouche offerings. By the end of the dinner you'll be full and worn out (in the best possible way).I won't delve into the details of each course as the menu is continuously changing, but be assured you'll get a healthy dose of protien, veg, carb, and sweet to delight your palate. Expect anything from rabbit, to quail, to sea bass. And of course pork - I assure you, you'll get a taste of bacon... these guys know what's up! The commonality? It's all delicious.This is hands down my new favorite restaurant. There's a reason the chef's at Travail have been nominated for Best Chef: Midwest in 2012.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/28/2012,113,176,5,2,3>If you don't like Punch, we can't be friends.Seriously.I know, not everyone would trade their first born for a Mimi (Is there anything that tastes more like summer, even in Feb?) and some people don't like olives (Palermo, the perfect amount of meat plus other things too)  But people, Meryl Streep loves the Borgata (goat cheese!  eggplant!) And if you don't like Meryl or Punch then we can't even be acquaintances. Thanks Punch for all the great deals (FB! Twitter!) and for being super kid friendly.  When I say Punch has never let me down, I mean Punch has never let me down.  High quality ingredients prepared simply but perfectly every time.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,4/27/2012,87,226,2,11,3>I've been going to Quang's for 20 years.  My first experience at Quang's was when it was across the street from it's current location in the tiny strip mall and was the size of a postage stamp.  The kitchen was a galley and it had about 10 tables and you were lucky to get there early enough to get a table.Today, they have their own building and are still making the same great food they did when I was a kid (I swear the pho bowls were bigger back in the day!).  The place is run by a family and their kids now run a majority of the operation; they're not much older than me.I was recently there with my coworkers for our monthly team lunch.  We hoped the reliable 18D and it dropped us off about a block away.  If you plan on driving to Quang's, especially on the weekend, you'll likely have to park on the street.  The private lot they have is pretty small and only holds about a dozen cars (they share it with other businesses).The seating area is pretty large and booths line the outer walls with tables/chairs in between.  The service is generally very quick; sometimes you'll get a newer server and it's a tiny bit slower.  My usual order is always Vietnamese Egg Rolls (#104) and Mi Kho (#509); which is an egg noddle dish with meat/seafood with soup on the side (really good on warmer summer days).  The egg rolls always come out hot (and it's always FAST service on those) and they're served with a dipping sauce.  The sauce has a fish sauce base with other ingredients and slices of carrots.  I prefer the fried egg rolls over the spring rolls, just my preference.The Mi Kho is served in a large bowl (think cereal bowl but 6 times bigger) with egg noodles on the bottom, sliced beef, seafood, shrimp toast, lettuce and a few other items.  It comes with soup on the side and a small bowl of meat sauce.  You pour the meat sauce into the noodles, mix everything up and drink the soup separately as you go.  I always add Siracha :-)This is one of my absolute favorite places to get Vietnamese food!Before I forget, each time I visit, I always buy a couple of Banh Mi sandwiches.  You MUST buy one before you go!!!  Cheap and super good!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,6/29/2012,47,38,2,7,3>Zen Box was a favorite stop of mine when I worked downtown Minneapolis and it's cool to see another non-sushi Japanese restaurant pop up in the cities so I was excited to try their new place out.  I went with 4 friends 3 of which had been to Masu before, we all ordered their ramen along with a side dish.  The standouts were definitely the side dishes, they're fantastic.  The chicken kara-age I had was perfect mix of sweet salty and crunchy.  The crab croquettes my friend let me try had him saying "this is my new favorite place to eat because of these", crabs not my favorite thing yet I liked them enough to order again which is saying something.  The ramen is great and while I prefer Masu's more I'd say its about the difference between one ramen shop in Japan vs another.  They have all the Japanese staple beers on tap which is awesome, theres not a lot of places pouring Asahi around here so thats a welcome rarity.  While excellent to have they do charge a bit much for the beers which is one largish fault I'd give the place.  The atmosphere is very cool, it definitely captures the vibe of izakayas in Japan well except for the back party room which is a bit spartan.  They're still pretty new so I'll give them he benefit of the doubt that they'll add more to that space later.  Service was very fast and knowledgeable, food came out fast and together.  I cant say much more other than I'm a fan, if you're in the mood for some good Japanese food hit it up.  You wont regret it.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,6/28/2012,140,449,,3,3>As I now sit here and wonder how it is that I have not yet reviewed this place, I realize that I have not been in to this shop, which is just right up the street, to browse or buy anything for a few years.  Until very recently.  Life changes and habits change, as we all know.Since its opening in the summer of 2005, I have celebrated this shop being in my neighborhood.  I have also celebrated getting to know the wonderful duo whose dream it was to open such a store in this area.Their concept is pretty simple:  personally selected wines, most all under $20, with a few over $20 thrown in for good measure and an occasional splurge.A few years ago, I had the great pleasure of buying one of their "splurge" wines, as recommended by Paul, and then getting my proverbial socks knocked off!!  It was the most delicious California red I'd ever tasted for something like $30-$35 a bottle.Their space is open and inviting, and their staff are informed and helpful.  Wandering in one recent evening, my suspicion was correct - they were just about to close shop.  However, we were not dissuaded from entering.  My friend had never been in this shop so we took a quick spin around the floor, found an enticing-looking bottle, bought it, and brought it home to try.  It was good.  My friend even returned to the shop a few days later to buy another bottle of it.  Now, he's asking that I contact the shop to ask for 6 more bottles of the stuff.  It was a great wine for a nice price.  And that's what the Wine Thief is all about.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,6/27/2012,139,324,3,1,4>Finally made it to Matt's, after a year of being close to smell the yumminess from outside!  It was not at all what I expected when we walked in.  I have to say though, it was like putting on a favorite old sweatshirt.  Warm, cozy, nostalgic.  Worn in, but not ratty.  I have always been a fan of a good neighborhood place that doesn't have a lot of pretension.  The grill is right inside of the door, so you get hit with the smell immediately. There were two bar stools right in front of it, so we jumped on them.  I have now had a few of JL's in town and this is my fast favorite for a classic style (Blue Door still gets my fave vote in the creative category).  The grill has so much seasoning on it that the burger's flavor really stands out in the crowd.  I love that the buns are homemade and that they do grilled onions and pickles.  The fries are also pretty great.  There were a decent amount of tap beers and a few more in bottles. The staff is lean, but they are a well-oiled machine.  I don't know how they get that many burgers in and out that smoothly.  Now that I know what I've been missing, I'll certainly be back.  Maybe I should also start a 2012 list of places I go to workout!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/26/2012,214,246,2,5,5>The much anticipated opening of Eat Street Social is finally here! I was so excited that I had to stop by for a drink (or two) before my evening out last night--and I'm so glad I did!The first thing I noticed as I approached the restaurant (besides the fact that they have no sign yet), were the chairs--I know, strange right? Well, in a space filled with dark woods, the black and white woven seats stand out and really add another touch of class to this already classy joint. Upon entering, I was greeted by not one, but two very friendly hostesses. I decided to sit at the bar so I could have a front row seat to Nick Kosevich & Ira Kaplowitz working their mixing magic. Like a flash of lightning that came out of nowhere, I had a glass of water in front of me (even before one of the hosts brought me the menus). I quickly skimmed the drinks, and decided I'd try the Bronx Egg Cream (a non-alcoholic fountain drink consisting of dark chocolate syrup, milk, seltzer & a pretzel garnish--although they couldn't seem to locate the pretzel...it must have gotten opening day jitters). Ira did a quick taste test before delivering my drink to me--I've never seen a bartender do that...but it really shows they care about the quality of the items they're putting out there at Eat Street Social. Even sans pretzel, the Bronx Egg Cream was delicious--much lighter than I expected too. It was so easy to drink that it might have looked as though I didn't even take time to taste it! Well, if I was that impressed by a non-boozy beverage, I figured I'd better step up my game and try something from the top half of the drink menu--so I settled on the "Tea & T"--a drink with black tea infused gin, tonic, seltzer & a lime. I'm not normally a gin drinker, but what a refreshing beverage! I couldn't help but feel like Ira was my personal bartender--he was always there when I needed something, checked in to see what I thought of the drinks, and engaged in some friendly banter with myself and the fellas around me. At one point, he topped off everyone's water glasses from a brown jug that looked more like it should contain moonshine than water! I guess that goes right in line with the image they've created, and the old-fashioned experience they hope their guests will have. Even the way Nick and Ira were dressed in vests & ties made me feel as if I'd stepped back in time to 1920's Chicago or something--I love it!For those of you who aren't so interested in the fancy beverages, Eat Street Social has a great variety of beers on tap, including Tallgrass Velvet Rooster from Manhattan, KS. At one point, one of the fellas next to me asked about the Rooster tap, so Ira poured the gent a sample and then poured one for himself so he could partake in the discussion of flavors--how cool is that? Did I say I love this place? It truly is a beautiful space--A great addition to the neighborhood, and easily my favorite new watering hole! I am, however, looking forward to coming back for food :)Quick Food Update: I visited ESS in mid-April with a bunch of Yelp friends to finally do something more than just drink :) and I am so glad I did! I had the Market Fish  of the day, which was a pan-seared salmon over a bed of asparagus with a wild rice side. It was such a flavor explosion, and some of the best prepared fish I've ever had! I very much look forward to dining here again, and I hear they have a pretty awesome late night menu and a kick ass brunch!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/25/2012,56,120,6,2,5>Seriously?!  A Zombie Den!?!?!  This place absolutely ROCKS!!!5 stars for creativity, decor, cleanliness (musty is part of the ambiance), and being an awesome hidden gem in the northeast.  Also, the drinks are amazing and the old B-rated Zombie movies are the best.  I can't believe they were playing the Garbage Pail Kids!  Conceptualizing a "zombie Den" is pretty awesome on it's own.  But to pay attention to every last detail is really what set this apart from from some other randomly themed bar.  They really take it all the way!  The decor is killer....no pun intended. While we only stopped in for a drink, as we were on a tour of northeast haunts (i can't help it!!), I can't really speak to much else.  But based on first impressions,  I can't wait to come back (from the dead)!!! Truly what makes MPLS unique.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/24/2012,60,359,2,5,4>First to review! What?! What?! I had a kebab from here literally 3 hours ago. I heard about them on Kickstarter (check it out if you haven't yet) and have not so patiently been waiting for them to open. I had the doner kebab and for those of you not familiar with them they are very similar to a gyro with thinner bread. They are EVERYWHERE in Europe. i lived on these for weeks backpacking. Anyways, I thought the kebab was pretty great. The meat was a tad on the dry side but they get a pass for that since lamb does dry out in the blink of an eye. It's a difficult meat. The seasoning was spot on. Not too much and not too salty like gyro meat can get. The tomatoes were clearly fresh and I loved the crunch of the onion. I look forward to coming back and further customizing my wrap with cucumbers and mushrooms. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the sauce. I got the garlic chili sauce which is listed as mild. Well I put siracha on everything....pretty much. I love hot food but this sauce was not mild. Especially if you have a typical MN taste for heat....it's hot. To me the heat overpowered the flavor of the meat. It was a little hotter than I would have liked. Just a kick would've been perfect. But next time I know so it's really a taste thing. But they should give a warning. Also this is a eat right away type thing. I walked 4 blocks back to my desk and by the time I got there the wrap and the lettuce were a tad on the mushy side. Not grossly so and not enough to affect my enjoyment of the kebab but I'm not sure how much longer it would'be lasted. Also some to-go boxes or a bag or something would be nice. Those suckers are hot when you first get them.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,6/23/2012,60,355,,4,6>I had to visit this restaurant twice before I reviewed because I truly felt that our first dining experience here had to be a fluke.  After all, this is a... (I hate to refer to it as this because of the awesomeness that comes out of the kitchen and the superb service)..Dive Sports Bar in SE Minneapolis and the superb experience we had, could not possibly happen twice right?My first time here, I met a friend so I spent about a half hour alone before she arrived but my wonderfully friendly server made me feel right at home.  Great selection of beers, our food was amazingly good and impressively served.  Our server was better than any high end restaurant I have been to lately.  It was like I was almost dreaming.  I knew I was sitting on these old chairs in this dive sports bar, yet somehow the presentation of the food and the attentiveness of the server, made me think I was in a higher end restaurant.   Get this...My server noticed I spilled Chili on my shirt immediately and she brought me over a cloth with soda water....Who does that? Most servers these days don't even ask how your food is and ours is paying attention to detail like my dropping chili on my shirt??....Second time, service was spot on again.  I never had to ask for refill of soda or water and the server was a happy girl.The food....Everything that comes out of that kitchen looks divine.  You get your pick of about 20 sides which include homemade chili, homemade mac and cheese, various types of tatoes, veggies, and soups.  I had a grilled blue bacon which was a grilled cheese with cheddar, Swiss, and blue cheese crumbles and bacon....Yummo!!  Second time around, I had a french dip on ciabatta bread which also was delish.  My dining companions had burgers and mac and cheese.  Both loved their burgers.Great prices. Thursdays, the menu is 25% off and Wednesday night wings are a quarter. You truly can not beat the prices on beer or food.  This most definitely will be on my radar for a casual, fun, time to hang with friends and eat some amazing grub.  It should be on yours too!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,6/22/2012,31,242,3,5,4>What did it for me: the zombie pirate ship being made in plain sight for everyone to see.The people who work here are just simply in love with their job.  They put everything in to what they do, even packing a box of two cupcakes.  Not once did I ever see someone not smiling.  They could describe every cake in detail and used words I would never think of using to describe cake.Paying $3 for a cupcake isn't something I would consider doing any other place but here.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,6/21/2012,186,185,2,2,4>Aww hot damn. This place rocks my socks.This place has a fantastic crowd. Mature enough yet chatty and seriously into their beer and food. Compared to Tap house next door, this is like Dead Poet's society.Next, this place was built by beer and food snobs that don't charge snobby prices.First off, 30 beers on tap? Surly galore, Stone's, Edmund Fitz, Dirty Bastards all over. Yum, they really did a number at the bar.Second, they seriously embrace the gastropub concept. I had two hot dogs and yucca fries. The twin hot dogs were awesome and went well with the concoction beer I had. The yucca fries need work. As said, too fat and need a different dip other than chimmichurra.Only real downside was the wait, which I didn't mind. The place was packed but I can understand why, I thoroughly enjoyed my time here. I will certainly return soon Mr. Waters!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/20/2012,66,157,,7,4>Do you know what's cooler than having a craft brewery right down the road from your neighborhood?  Being able to take tours of the place, sample all of their brews and pick up a growler...or three for you to bring home and enjoy.  A friend and I recently checked this place out after trying some of their Provider Ale at the St. Louis Park Woodfire Grill.  The brewery itself is located in an unassuming industrial building with lots of spaces to park in their lot.  Have your ID ready and be prepared to sample all four of their brews on tap right as you walk in.  I'm still developing an appreciation for darker beers but have to say that Dissent is a quality dark ale that has a complex and satisfying flavor profile.  Provider would have to be my favorite of STB's brews which definitely goes down easy and perfectly complements most dishes.There's a $5 deposit for growlers, which can be exchanged for new ones, and $11 (Provider) - $13 (Rainmaker, Size 7 and Dissent) charge for the beer itself. Check out their website and Twitter account for updates about growler sales and the availability of specific brews.  You can also pick up .75 liter bottles of their beers (which are individually hand capped) at the Four Firkins, SLP Liquor Barrel and France 44 Wine and Spirits.  Stop in and check out this awesome locally owned and operated SLP business! Prost!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,1/5/2010,10,50,,5,4>I went to the groveland tap,on wednesday.During the week,they run daily lunch&dinner specials.I had the $4.95 cheeseburger basket....it was hot&tasty,and worth the price!.came with a small cup of coleslaw.decor is dark wood paneling,wooden booths,with a bar,of course.the food menu,is heavy on burgers&beer,but they have other food too.place seems to be kid&family friendly.the take,cash,and credit cards.parking may be a problem,as they have no parking lot.if you've been to caspar and runyan's nook,then you will know,what to expect.....all in all,groveland tap,is a nice place to enjoy a bite to eat,and to wet your whistle!.....i'm in!.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,1/4/2010,85,313,1,4,4>My highschool has pre-thanksgiving reunions there every year. We get the back room at no charge which I think they will do for any large group. The service is fast and the drinks are good. I get the cider and its one place you can get a big one, must be 40oz or something. The apps are good and very Minnesotan. Its got a nice old world feel and have good security and draw a real crowd with the bands they showcase.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,1/3/2010,129,109,,8,4>Just let me preface this review by saying that this was easily the best food I've had in the twin cities and one of the top five food experiences I've had here or abroad.My boyfriend and I got there at 8 on Friday night and were seated immediately at the "kitchen counter," which was fantastic. The kitchen is all open and is surrounded by a counter at which patrons can sit and chat with staff while watching them make pasta and bruschetta and things. Out waiter, whomever he was, was fantastic. The waitstaff was perfectly attentive throughout the night, keeping water glasses full and attending when necessary without hovering. They answered any questions we had and even those that we had but never asked. We had ordered the artichoke caponata bruschetta to start, but they brought us the avocado white anchovy bruschetta. I took a bite without thinking because it looked so good, but it was my fish-phobe boyfriend who noted that there were no artichokes to be found. I immediately flagged down our waiter and apologized for eating it although it wasn't ours, and he was so gracious about it all and put in a rush order for the right item. Later, the manager or owner or other guy dressed quite nicely came by our table and offered to comp both orders of bruschetta and chatted with us about the restaurant. I was surprised he had knew about it already. We decided to order three half-orders of pasta so we could share, italian tapas style. They have half orders of pasta, which hover around $8 and full orders, which are about $16. There are also meats and things as well. Their big draw here is the pasta; they feature I think 8 dried pastas and 8 fresh pastas, which alternate now and then. But we split the silk handkercheifs with basil pesto, the veal tortellini, and one of the dried pastas, the one with the milk-braised chicken. Everything was just amazing. Like incredibly spectacular. The tortellini dish didn't come with many tortellini in it (and neither did our neighbor's ravioli), but the other two had plenty for a half-order.  The chicken was perfectly tender and the handkerchief pasta was so thin. We also decided to have the caramel crespelle for dessert, which was just perfect. It was the best way to end a fantastic meal. The caramel in the crepes was wonderful, like actual homemade caramels, slightly salty and sweet, not granular at all. It was just the right temperature as well. I can't say enough. Heaven.They also feature a great beer list that I assume changes seasonally. It features alot of microbrews from all around, including New Holland's pumpkin ale, which was refreshing to see around here. The wine list looked quite good as well and I enjoyed my glass of stump jump. Anyway, I'm sure I sound ridiculous. But it was just that good. The whole set-up. The kitchen counter seating, the waitstaff, the food, the timing... I'm still incredibly impressed. This place wins.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,1/2/2010,12,60,,5,5>I have heard good things about this place and used the fact that my family was in town to go here. We came here on Sunday for a late morning breakfast before heading to the Summer Beerfest and it was a perfect decision. The portions here were insane, so afterwards my stomach was more than capable of absorbing all the beer I dumped into it. The three of us all ordered different breakfast things so I got a really good perspective of all the food. I had the 2 egg and 2 cakes, my dad had the Denver omelet, and my brother had one of the skillet meals. It is a good thing we were seated at a larger table because when the server brought out all the food we ran out of room. The cakes were the best I have ever had and were larger than the plate. I had to cut them in half and re stack them on the plate just so I could put syrup on them without it running off the plate onto the table. My dad and brother said their food was great. My scrambled eggs were nothing special, but still well prepared. Glad to have a restaurant like this to go to rather than the typical Dennys or IHOP. Prices are a little bit more expensive, but you're sure to get your worth.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,1/1/2010,39,93,1,6,3>Five stars hands down!!!  This place is the best sex shop in Minnesota if not in the whole mid-west...I'm sure there is a better sex shop in Vegas otherwise I'd have to say its the best in the country!!!They have everything on display letting you touch, feel, and play with before you buy.  They customer service is 110% not just for a sex shop but for anywhere I've ever shopped!!!I forgot who it was, but someone else on here said after they shopped here they didn't feel like they needed a shower like the other sex stores in the cities, and they're right!!!Also, there is no room to feel awkward here, everyone who works here and the atmosphere of the shop is very open and welcoming.Good job guys, keep up the good work!!!PS: I like the artwork through out the store!PSS: I forgot to add that every product in the store is tested and you can trust that the raw material used to create any of these products is 100% non toxic!!!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,12/31/2009,54,95,6,5,4>Step 1 - everyone bring $10Step 2 - everyone order an app.  Make sure someone gets the spring rolls - they're one of my faves.Step 3 - everyone order an entree - there are so many choices, leave time to peruse the menu (pho is okay, salads are pretty good)Step 4 - look at a table full of food that could feed 20 people.  Wonder how you could possibly eat it all.  Then get to work.Step 5 - get change from your server, because this place is so cheap for the insane amount of food you just saw.Step 6 - start rounding up friends for your next trip.  And dig change out of the car seat for next time.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,12/30/2009,154,274,8,8,6>So, this restaurant was our third choice,when it should have been the first.Due to me being in a car accident last weekend,I'm driving this loaner truck that is as big as a freaking cruise ship.I mean, seriously, it's gigantic.I am, by no means, a good parrallel parker,but then you give me a set of wheels that is as big as this thing is?Pffft, not happening.So, first off, we tried to go to a place in Dinky Town.Parking nightmare!!!Then my dining partner of the evening recommended a place called 'Big Bowl',which I had never heard of.He gives me directions straight to the Rosedale Mall.Nope.Not doing it.I'm going to be a little foodie snobby biotch and say NO to mall food.2 strikes. . . .my night is looking dismal on the chinese food front.But then, I bring up Yelp on my iphoneand see whats shaking out there.New Hong Kong Wok. . .Well, Corey C. seems to like their wontons . . .and that is a huge thing for me.Gotta have good wontons!So we decide to go there.*sigh* Finally!!!Food!!!!!New Hong Kong Wok is nestled into a little strip mall,looking inconspicous in it's minimal decor and flashiness.It's not much to look at, it's almost dive-y actually.But for what they lack in luster,they make up with great customer service and taste.Our server was very gracious and polite,which you will often find with asian cuisinne,but I felt like she was more talkative and personable. She was very attentive and quick to refilll out drinks.The food was amazing,I'm going to have to try really hard not to drool on my keyboard as I type. :)We started off with an order of cream cheese wontonsas well as some fried pork dumplings.Each were incredible!!!The wontons were thin and crispy, full of yummy cream cheese.The dumplings were some of the best I've ever had,though just a liiiitttle burnt.Great spices with the meat, yummy breaded stuff.I ordered the garlic chicken with green beanswhich was the special for the day.The green beans were prepared just the way I like it,though I peppered it a little more.The chicken was yummy and flavorful, very tender.The rice was nice and sticky.My friend ordered the General Tso's Chicken.It was good, the sauce was sweet and hot.The chicken was breaded and fried, and actually stuck to my teeth a little when I sampled his dish.It was good, but not the best I've ever had.No biggie though, I didn't order it. Haha :)He also ordered a bowl of Hot and Sour soupwhich tasted really good.I will definitely check this place out again when I'm in the neck of the woods.It's a little hidden away, but it's worth the search.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,12/29/2009,128,296,6,11,8>Two facts:  Plaza Garibaldi is in a strip mall and its right next door to a super shady pool hall that in 1995 used to be on the other side of 694 and was largely frequented by high school boys.  I would assume that not a lot has changed over the years.  But anyway...The other Friday night, we were lured to Plaza Garibaldi by a coupon and the promise of a live mariachi band.  We showed up shortly after 8 p.m. and the place was still hopping.  The margaritas were tasty, the chips were served warm and the food was both inexpensive and pretty tasty.  The service was friendly, albeit slow, but the mariachi band made up for it.Probably not worth making a trek from afar, but if you're in the area, don't let the strip mall location act as a deterrent because the food was flavorful.  The enchilada sauce tasted like it was homemade and the marinades used for the meat were tasty.  Probably best of all, there were several tables of Mexican families eating there.  I trust their judgment.  I'd come back for the music and the food but probably not for the pool hall next door.  I suck at pool but could possibly be lured in by the promise of air hockey...
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,12/28/2009,20,56,4,7,5>In terms of quality of coffee, Kopplin's is BY FAR the best cup in the Twin Cities.  Andrew Kopplin really has one some exceptional work with his store over the past few years and whenever I'm fortunate enough to spend a few weeks in Minnesota I quickly become a regular.  I heartedly recommend an iced mocha on hot summer afternoon.  I know it's a trashy drink--Andrew won't approve--but they are perfect accompaniment to an hour or two of reading in one of the comfy chairs by the front door.  All the drinks are made with loads of quality, seriously, watch the baristas when they're making your cup; there are so many extra small thoughts put into your drink (such as warming the bottom of the coffee cup with hot water) that are not found at other independent coffee shops in the Twin Cities, nevermind Caribou or Dunn Brothers.  The Rustica baked goods (IMO, the best bakery in the state by leaps and bounds) round out the options here.  If you're fortunate enough to get in early when they still have the apricot pastries get one--it makes for a perfect pairing with a latte. Having lavished Kopplin's with praise there are a few minor annoyances which irk me a little bit from time to time.  First of all, there are a few patrons at Kopplin's (I'm thinking of one bearded old man in particular) who feel a definite sense of entitlement and ownership of the place.  That's all well and good--it's easy to get territorial over coffee this amazing--but they can be a little rude and noticeably glower at you if you take their favorite spot.  Also, the Kopplin's staff, while nice, could stand to be more attentive and friendly.  It's kind of a crap shoot as to whether you'll even get so much as a 'hello' before your order and a few times I've had to stand at the register for over five minutes waiting for them to take my order.  I understand that drinks need to be made, but perhaps it makes more sense to take all the orders (so you know, the customer can sit down and get to work) before starting to prepare drinks. All in all though, this place is A+ material.  It don't believe it would be hyperbole to call this one of the best coffee shops in the country.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,12/27/2009,89,97,19,6,6>Warning: Eating the wings at Runyons may cause nocturnal emissions. By far the best buffalo wings I've ever put in my big fat tummy. I'm pretty sure the chickens that sacrificed their limbs for our enjoyment were on the juice cause they were big! The sauce was just the right spiciness and radioactive orange color and the bleu cheese was fantastic. I contemplated smearing my mustache with it so I could enjoy it later. I have to stop talking about them now.  My tongue is hanging out of my head.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,8/25/2010,114,242,4,5,4>If you are a lover of Cocoa & Fig from the Farmer's Market then you will be happy to know they now have a small store front in the Gaviidae.   Along with the cupcakes (yes they are still amazing), scones, muffins, they now offer their amazing dessert shooters.   Key Lime is my favorite.I also tried a new offering of a cake lollipop.   It was the perfect size for a sweet treat fix.  They are also offering a local coffee (Bullrun I think) and it was very good and complimented the scone very well.I guess there goes my diet for the wedding.  But I guess that is why there are tailors :-).
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,8/24/2010,63,166,2,7,4>All you can eat sushi for $25 a person?!  Hell yeah!  If your loved one cringes at the idea of eating raw fish, it's okay.  They had a lot more than just sushi on the all-you-can-eat menu.  There were appetizers, tempura, teriyaki, udon noodles (both soup and stir-fry), and even ice cream for dessert.  There were a lot of sushi rolls that contained all cooked ingredients, too.  Here's how it works.  They give you a menu and you order what you want.  They make it fresh and bring it out to you ... and when the wait staff notice that you're food supply is getting low, they ask you what else you would like to eat and bring out that food before you are down to nothing.My friend and I had (deep breath - my stomach hurts just reliving this): miso soup, seaweed salad, calamari, gyoza, ika sansai (a squid salad in a sweet/sour vinaigrette), lisa lisa roll (x2), spicy girl roll, spider roll (x2), dragon roll, yummy yummy roll, spicy tuna roll, red tuna sashimi, and green tea ice cream.  There were only two of us ... and I'm sure the waiter was shocked at how much we packed away.Luckily, the wait staff at Osaka are nice and too polite to call attention to my overindulgence.  I thought that maybe the wait staff would start making themselves scarce or start acting snotty to make us leave, but they didn't.  The service was great.  The food was wonderful.  I'm actually a bit shocked at how good it is, considering it's a place in the suburbs.  The seaweed salad was a little too salty, but the other appetizers made up for it.  The gyoza were perfectly done (none of that hardened crust that you get at some other places), the calamari was crisp on the outside and cooked just right on the inside (not raw, but not tough and rubbery either).  My favorites were the Lisa Lisa roll, the Yummy Yummy roll, and the green tea ice cream.  The Spider roll was good the first time around, but the second one was prepared a little differently and I didn't think it was as good.I took one star away because (1) we didn't receive any utensils when we received our food (we had to grab some off of an empty table), (2) it took a while to get our food and the table behind us received their food before us even though they were seated and ordered after us, and (3) the slightly different preparation of the sushi the second time around.  Having said that, it's obvious they care about customer service given the behavior of the wait staff and the comment card that came with the check.  Actually, I would give them 4.5 stars if I could because the experience itself really was great, but there was a tiny bit of room for improvement.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2010,8/23/2010,264,422,4,5,4>It was a gorgeous, warm afternoon when I walked out of downtown Target and I decided to get something to eat. Problem was I didn't know where to eat, so I just kept walking south of Nicollet and thinking what I wanted. 2 miles of walking later, I end up in Taco Taxi in Midtown. I've been meaning to come to this place since I've read on Yelp that they serve authentic Mexican food. And after sampling their pollo and asada sopes, I could honestly say it does taste like any other decent Mexican eatery in SoCal. The sopes were 2-for-1, which I thought was a fantastic deal coz they're pretty sizable, stacked with meat of choice, lettuce, tomatos, cilantro, onions, and salsa. The thick tortilla was flaky and a little bit moist in the center from all the meat's juices; I will say the chicken was a little bit dry though. The asada was well done, however. To justify and/or reward myself for walking miles to this place, I ordered a carnitas burrito to-go, which I will devour manana. I did take a small bite of it already, and it tastes like the real Mission-style burrito that I love. Every time I crave good Mexican food, I can just head over Taco Taxi; whether I actually trek over there is TBD.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,8/22/2010,66,150,3,8,6>Sound the trumpets! Eating at Albert's Saturday night was my single best restaurant experience in the TC to date. I'd read about this place a few months back in a tiny blurb within Metro Magazine and I love me some gator so on a lazy Saturday my boyfriend and I decided to give it a whirl. Where is Columbia Heights you may ask (I had no idea) just a mile past NE Mpls! You get that small town feel and can literally still see downtown a few blocks away. Ok the experience: Albert himself makes this place. Even though the place was bustling he made you feel you were his only patrons. Albert whipped us up some potstickers with peanut sauce because he was sampling them for the menu and then did the same with a new dessert he is testing out. The food is high quality and reasonable. He imports his gator from a farmer near Baton Rouge, this is the real deal folks. The "Minnesota Art" someone referred to is anything but. It's his personal eclectic mostly European collection, he made like a docent and gave us an art tour. This is what a hole-in-the-wall is ALL about. You bet I'll be back, and I'll tell EVERYone about it that will listen.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,8/21/2010,23,58,3,6,3>Stop in at this little soup and sandwich shop! It's so cute and run by the owner, Sara. She's hilarious and loves to get to know her customers! She's really great at trying to provide a little something of everything. I got the Chicken Bacon Ranch sandwich on wheat. They have a few soups to choose from and a coffee bar with Dunn Bros. coffee. She has an open cooler with cans and bottles of sodas and juices. The sandwich was great! I really liked their wheat bread toasted and was able to get my sandwich special ordered without lettuce and tomato.The chicken was great! big chunks with a little bit of seasoning made it moist and flavorful without too much of a salt or pepper taste. The bacon was crispy and the best part was the whole thing was run through a toaster making it warm but not scalding or making the bread too crusty.I saw a sign that said on Fridays they grill hamburgers on their patio outside. Overall a really nice experience for grabbing a quick lunch!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,8/19/2010,89,97,16,7,7>Hot digity damn this place is good. I love me some chicken fingers so I'm ashamed and surprised that I didn't try this place out sooner. I picked up an order of four fingers and fries which is referred to as "The Box" and it didn't disappoint. The Cane's sauce is magically delicious and the chicken was piping hot. I so wished I would have been frequenting this place sooner as today I begin Operation Lose Man Boobs so I don't think I'll be visiting this place too often.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,8/18/2010,949,964,7,13,9>Before I walk in, I'm greeted by a sticker a on the door  LOVED BY YELPERS. Then on the board Sweet and Sour Pork $9. You walk in to perfect AC, and really nice ambiance for a not really large restaurant. I interpreted the menu as someone who selected each item with TLC, has favorite things he likes to cook, and doesn't stay in one bag. I can relate. It could come in handy if you don't know what your mood is, you'll find something for sure. Everyone's correct about the portions, doesn't matter, you'll want appetizers and possibly dessert. Speaking of being in a mood, I just felt like going to hell, so I chose the special. Considering most peoples experiences with S&S have been greasy globs of breading and after consuming saying someone shoot me, I couldn't believe what I was seeing and eating. First every dish is art, the sauce was colorful and light with lots of chopped mango, and the pork was a light batter and crunchy to the last bite. Most entrees are served with rice white or fried. Basil got mussels and shrimp in a garlic brown sauce. When he ate it all , I dumped my rice in his sauce. Wasn't gonna let that pass by.  We started with calamari. Let's say I can't imagine not starting with calamari from now on. Picture perfect, flavorful, crisp, and a good portion. Basil splurged on tiramisu  while I was finishing my dinner. This was my second visit here, as I was invited just a few days before to a friends baby shower. Matter of fact it was the co owner of Sweets, Ly, and since I'm Sweets #1 fan, I had the honor. A Hmong baby shower isn't just the women, I found out, but the whole extended family. Needless to say I'll be a regular here, and I'm anxious to see how their fettuchine alfredo measures up to mine.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,8/17/2010,66,131,5,7,6>I think that Blacklist is one of the best new additions to the city.  It's jam packed with great clothes and accessories (and housewares - no one else better buy that fondue set 'cause I'm going back for it!) and it has a really fun vibe.  For every stylish 60s dress there is a piece for the less serious, such as the one piece bejeweled/be-sequined orange satin super-short romper that somehow reminds me of Tina Turner in Mad Max: Return to Thunderdome.   Even though it's crammed - they could not squeeze another sweater in if they tried - the shop is extremely well laid out, organized and very easy to navigate.This is hands down my favorite place to play dress up.  Their hat collection is the best I've seen yet in the Twin Cities and is ridiculously well priced.  It's also the only place I've seen muffs recently (other than a store in Haight-Ashbury, which seems totally backward.)  They just plain have cool stuff.  I hesitated to write a review at all because I don't want any more people in there picking through things that I might want to buy (greedy...) but the owners are two very nice gals and they know their collection like the backs of their hands - which you know is an impressive feat if you've ever been in.  They deserve as much business as they can handle.  Case in point: the muff I got there was brought up in conversation months later while I was back in trying on hats, and one of the owners recalled it so specifically that she could tell me what it was made of.  This was the same conversation in which she was telling me the era of every hat that I tried on without having to look at the tag.  Followed by a tour of all the fur and what each piece was made of (thanks to my own morbid curiosity).  It's fun to buy vintage clothes from people who love what they are selling, and probably hate to part with most of it.  I have yet to suffer buyer's remorse after spending money at Blacklist.If you're looking for interesting, unique and super cool stuff this is a great place to be!  I dare you to walk out empty handed.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/16/2010,129,109,12,4,4>Sure, I'll write a review of the state fair. Live and learn, kids. Live vicariously, in some cases. My first attendance at the state fair consisted of a "deep fried" tour three years ago. This included only foods that were deep fried. I fell asleep on the bus on the way home. Please include non-fried items in your diet. Deep fried fruit doesn't count, although it is very tasty. Also, do NOT do the super slide after a visit to the all-you-can-drink milk booth with a girl who puts away a gallon herself every two days. FAIL.My favorites include: -the old school smokey the bear figure in the parks/wildlife/DNR building-getting a giant jug of iced tea near the water rides and haunted house thing-the super slide-carrying a bucket of sweet marthas cookies-cheese curds, obv.-the ice cream maker powered by john deere engines-the high school rodeoetc. etc. etc. I take a picture of everything I eat, each year. Facebook laughs at me afterward. But I must say, I'll never miss an opportunity to go to the state fair. Ever. And I always eat new things. Ostrich. Gator. Other things that taste sort of like chicken. Deep fried snickers. I wonder what the new trendy food will be this year?Also, you better believe I'll be watching Boyz II Men this year. For free. Because thats how the state fair rolls. I have no need for grandstand shows, there will be plenty of awesomeness on the free stages this year!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,8/15/2010,87,302,24,7,8>I will start my review with a very trivial point. There is something infinitely sexy about men behind a meat counter. It's just a masculinity thing, probably from somewhere in my vast unconscious that also gets excited for construction workers, lumberjacks, and Alaskan fisherman. But when the boys behind the Kramarczuk's counter shout, "Who wants sausage?", my hand always raises involuntarily and I realize that it has nothing to do with the sausage they sell.Having said that, the polish sausage here is probably the best I've had in my short half-Polish life. The spices just work well and lend great flavor to whatever they're cooked in. I also like the kishka and their bakery is lovely. I am known to overly feast on varenyky and kraut on the Sunday buffet, immobilizing myself for the rest of the day. I am also a big fan of their little market, where you can get excellent imports if you're big into authenticity for a dinner party/special occasion.And the chaps behind the counter are so sweet, as well as svelte as all get out... not to digress... or anything...
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,9/9/2012,21,115,5,5,3>Went to Tao for the first time last night.  Kitchen remodel has us eating out all to frequently and thought it might be good to repent for recent gastronomic sins by checking out Tao.  Was hoping to try the much-lauded black bean burger only to learn they had run out.  As it turned out, this may have been fortuitous as it forced us to try a couple other things: 1) the Sweet Potato Burrito--this may not sound that appealing, but was awesome--just the right combination of sweet, tangy, spicy along w/ some texture 2) Mediterranean Mild Wrap--good, but suffered from a surfeit of sprouts which served to reduce the flavor of the other ingredients.  Despite that, the hummus was intense enough that I was still blowing hella garlic breath as I awoke this morning.We ate on the patio, which was quite pleasant.  Although the address is on Hennepin, there is a larger than usual buffer and some small shade trees that make it feel apart from the traffic.  I'm sure there is some Taoist expression to describe this oasis of calm amidst a fast paced world but it eludes me.  Perhaps another Sweet Potato Burrito would lead me to enlightenment?
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,9/8/2012,151,116,1,6,2>As a member of Corepower, I saw that Blowdry! was opening up in uptown, so I was immediately intrigued and was anxiously anticipating the opening since I had several summer weddings coming up.  Well, it finally opened up only 2 days before my first wedding of the summer, lucky me!  I booked an appointment online, which was incredibly easy and convenient, for me and a girlfriend after an earlier mani/pedi (Ban Sabai) and brunch at Barbette (yum!) The place is super adorable and even has little jars of Starburst, Kisses, and Jolly Ranchers for while you are waiting.  The ladies were also all super sweet and offered tea, sparkling water, and espresso since we were early.  Julian was the incredibly friendly girl who started off by asking what I was thinking.  They offer several options including the standard blowout, the boho, the boudoir, the bombshell, and a few others.  I ended up deciding on the bombshell and Julian started my head massage.  Oh man do I LOVE a scalp massage, seriously. Anyways, the head massage, shampoo/conditioner, and blowdry were all very pleasant.  The end result was soft and pretty but I sort of knew right away that it wouldn't hold very long in my VERY fine, straight hair with all the humidity.  Regardless it ended up in a soft wave by the end of the wedding (several hours later) and I was still happy (just not quite 5 star happy).  The BEST part was that Catherine (waxing, make up, lash tinting) offered a complimentary make up application for my eyes!  She was awesome and asked what I would be wearing to ensure it would look good.  And it DID!  Overall, I was entirely satisfied with my first visit to Blowdry! Bar and I will absolutely be returning.  Let's just say if I ever make enough where I have an extra $35 each week I may be visiting Julian 4x a month!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/7/2012,90,60,2,7,2>This was the perfect spot for my sister and I to go and gab while enjoying amazing food from El Salvador. One of my favorite parts about this experience was the owner's passion for educating people about Pupusas, apparently a national food identity for El Salvadorians. He taught me how to eat them like a pro and answered any questions we had about the menu. It was all excellent. We're going back for seconds!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/6/2012,185,451,6,6,3>Flameburger is that place that you can really only hope to pass by when you are on your way home from a late night of bar hopping, or from sober cabbing all your drunk friends home. It's the late night space that serves delicious greasy spoon food 24 hours a day! The menu is not super expansive, but there are more than enough selections on there for everyone to get exactly what they want! I would however steer clear from anything over a 1/3lb burger, they are super heavy and usually not a good idea when you have had a few cocktails ;-)The staff has to act as both the cooks/servers as well as bouncers, so if things get out of hand, which can happen, just duck and wait for it to end. I would actually take the plate down with you, nothing says awesome conflict resolution like the rest of your burger!Honestly I'm probably there a little too often, but it's so delicious!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,9/5/2012,83,85,2,3,4>Fast. Tasty. and Cheap! The light rail construction was making it quite interesting in figuring out how to get into the parking lot of this great place, but I was able to find my way (anything for some good food). It should be a lot easier to navigate now. It's a very small place with a very friendly and helpful staff. You literally can't go wrong ordering anything off of the menu. I have tried the pho (definitely recommend getting this, in any version), the rice vermicelle salads (chicken - always my go to favorite), the spring rolls and a few of the dinner combos. It was all great, never a disappointment.After placing your order within less than 10 minutes, usually a lot quicker than that your food is hot, fresh and sitting in front of you. I don't know how they do it so quick and make it so fresh but they do and I'm not complaining one bit. The cook, which i would think is someone grandma/aunt/distant relative that does amazing home cooked food in the kitchen will always keep me coming back for more of this tasty food.FYI - Any order under $10 will have to be paid in cash, as I learned a while back but it was ok since I just added on an order of fresh spring rolls (those things are amazing) especially with that peanut spicy sauce (doesn't get any better than that).
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,9/4/2012,26,26,2,3,3>--FoodPrices are comparable to most midrange Italian restaurants.  It is possible to eat on the super-cheap through optimal appetizer selection: the baked feta with olives and focaccia is tasty and it's quite possible to maintain a bread-to-stuff ratio that makes it a meal, if not a meal for two.For mains, I've ordered the spaghetti and the gnocchi here, both were quite good.  Portions are generous but not excessive.--BoozeHere's where Rinata locks in that fifth star.  First point of note: they can make a proper Red Hook with standard bar stock ingredients - Punt e Mes is stocked regularly.  Important for those who are into Manhattans and derivatives thereof.The cocktail menu is halfway between classic and modern; most of their versions of classics are somewhat modified with Italian ingredients, e.g. Maraschino liqueur, amari, grappas, and odd vermouth cousins.  Generally drinks are below $10 and plenty potent.  Corpse Revivers, Aviations, Sidecars, and proper non-fruit cup Old Fashioneds all are regulars on the list.--Service, ambiance, etcI've dined here three times that I can recall accurately.  Might have been another visit at some point but it's not sticking out.  Anyway, in each case, service has been quite prompt and attentive.  The restaurant itself is made up of a few rooms of varying shapes and sufficient space between tables, though not yawning chasms.  Great place for a date-ish dinner that is nice enough to be nice but not bank-breakingly expensive.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,9/3/2012,209,965,3,7,3>I feel like I've done my time in nature today. Between the heat, $10 parking sticker and the LONG ass walk to the falls, our time with nature is over for today at least. A co-worker told me about this park. I had no idea that this park even existed. Again, not a huge nature lover and after todays long ass nature walk who knows? I was never a fan of camping. I was a girl scout for a very short time had to go to camp and hated every minute of it. My parents have a picture of me shooting daggers at them as they left me sitting by the hot camp fire and sharing circle.Our journey to the falls at first kind of reminded me of that trip. Parking was in a gravel lot. Then its follow the signs to the falls.Well we took the long long long way.....holy crap it was long... Finally made it to the vicinity of the falls and we had another half a mile to go down one long hill. Going down, ok....going back up sucked, but it kind of felt good. However, had there been a tram-toolish un nature me would have hopped on.It's true... If it hurts a little bit, its probably worth it.The falls are beautiful and worth the hike. I didn't care how cold the water was, the water cascading down felt good. It was refreshing clean water and it was fun wading around in the water and climbing around on the rocks.There were tons of RV's and tents. Plenty of campground for the serious camper. Park is clean. The falls are worth it. Beautiful scenery and overlooks. Climb up to the top of the falls. Less crowded.We had a great time.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,9/2/2012,92,104,7,8,9>My friend and I met here on a beautiful sunny Friday for lunch. We got prime outdoor seating, and enjoyed the scenery. I hadn't been here in years, so wasn't quite sure what to expect. Lo and behold, I had the best lunch I've had in a long, long time. Our waitress was fun and super sweet, and didn't pressure us to order + eat + get out like so many busy restaurants do. We both got the buckwheat crepe, chock full of roasted tomatoes, chevre, and spinach. It was the best crepe I have EVER had. What did you do to me, Barbette?! I crave this dish almost every day - thanks a lot. We both polished off our plates without a second's hesitation. We also got a side of fries, and, no surprise, they're oh-so-near perfection. They are perfectly crispy, perfectly salted, and come with a saffron aioli that complements the french fries deliciously and uniquely. Since I had to go back to work after lunch, I got the hibiscus iced tea. It was refreshing and unsweetened (just the way I like it!); my friend got a mimosa, of which I could only dream about taking a sip.If you want a pleasant, super tasty meal, definitely check out Barbette. The interior is reminiscent of a cozy, warm little French bistro. The outdoor seating lines Lake Street and Irving, so you get to people-watch and city-watch while you're chatting + imbibing. Uptown usually bums me out, but Barbette is genuine and delicious, and the staff make you feel completely welcome. I'll be back!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,9/1/2012,97,67,5,8,6>Addiction is a terrible thing. Especially when caffeine, coffee shops, and/or perfectly crafted cappuccinos are involved. Mom and Dad, prepare an intervention.I've found a coffee shop to be in love with, bring my friends to, and even be productive in. There are really, very few things to be discontent about with this place.I've been here multiple times. I'm talking double digits. If there was a punch-card, or  customer rewards program, I'd have earned the vacation to Tahiti by now.The layout of the shop is a little weird ( it's basically a really long room), but they did great with the space. Plus, the front of the store has a large, glass garage door that they open often for a mixture of inside/outside.The coffee is phenomenal. Everything is hand-crafted to perfection by some legit baristas (Lee is among my favorites). Art is a staple, but really just a bonus since the coffee is so delicious. Haven't had a drink here I didn't like. Also, good Lord, the bakery (I think it's supplied by Patisserie 46). I had an almond bostock - I didn't even know those existed, now I wish I didn't considering how amazing it was.For the mobile office types, this is a great place to meet a client and/or get some work done. Lots of outlets plus great wifi.Many more visits to come, but I had to publicly make my adoration known.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/31/2012,68,98,5,38,9>How to have a "VIP" experience at the track on a Sunday afternoon on a budget for 2.I love this track, but it AMAZES me how people don't know how much better of a time they can have, so I decided to give my fellow YELPers a tutorial.#1 when you come into the parking lot, there are 10,000 spots.  Keep on driving to the far end of the lot and you will see a TON of open parking spots not more than 50 feet from the door.  For whatever reason, people always park in the first spot they find and this leaves the parking right near the door open.  This is free.#2 pay your $5.00 to get in per person (this is cheaper if you have signed up for the MVP card - the tracks rewards card - in the past).  You will get 2 admissions and 2 racing programs.#3 proceed directly to the "MVP Card" desk and sign up for the card.  This is free and you will use it every time you place a bet.  This card gets you discounts on admission and will also track your betting, getting you on the mailing list for free passes in the future.#4 take the escalators all the way to the top - the 3rd floor clubhouse.  Once you arrive on the 3rd floor, proceed to the table reservation area.  Ask for the "Obstructed View" table near the finish line.  The table seats 6, there are 2 of you and the obstructed view is only for 2 of the 6 seats.  You two will see the finish line just fine.  The cost is $10.00 total (usually $20.00 for a non-obstructed table for 6).#5 proceed to the buffet desk.  It should now be noon.  Purchase 2 wristbands for the Brunch Buffet.  This buffet is AMAZING with made to order waffles, made to order omletts, the world's best cheesy hashbrowns, eggs benedict, sausage, bacon, carved ham, fresh fruits, salad bar, UNBELIEVABLE desserts (a chocolate fountain for dipping strawberries, fruit and chocolate trifles, cheesecakes, chocolate mousse) and a ton more.  The buffet goes from 12 - 3 pm.  Racing starts at 1:30 pm.  You can continue to go back to the buffet for the next 3 hours.  So your entire day's eats are taken care of.  This is the most expensive part of your day - $14.95 per person - but it is well worth it and is about what you would have spent otherwise on eats at the track - yet is FAR SUPERIOUR food.  Total cost: $29.90 + tax.#6 your table comes with (aside from cloth table cloths, an amazing view of the whole track and a tv at your table to see the racing action close up) waitress/waiter service.  This is how you will order your sodas, drinks and your free water.  Drinks are the same price as running to concession stands or the bars so, run a tab and you will be checked on often.  There is also bus service to take away your finished buffet plates and such.  Remember to tip.  I will put out an example where you have 2 - 32 oz sodas and a couple of waters for the afternoon for a total cost of : $7.90 + tax and tip.#7 the third floor is clean.  The people are friendly and definately of a vip style class.  But best of all, it smells good, there are never long lines to bet and the bathrooms are the cleanest of the whole track!#8 place your bets.  On the 3rd floor there are three ways to place your bets.  A runner will come to your table to take your wagers, there are automated machines, or the betting windows.  Remember, this is VIP on a budget, so we are picking 1 horse and betting $2.00 on it.  You can bet it to win (come in first), place (come in first or second) or show (come in first, second or third).  This is fun and gives the 2 of you a horse to shout on to victory.  You can make you decisions on info found in the racing programs or wander out onto the outdoor third floor smoking balcony that overlooks the ring where they parade the horses and the jockeys mount up.  There are 10 races, so your total cost is going to be $20.00.So, all in all you have spent 5 - 6 hours at the track, eaten gourmet quality food till you burst, bet on ever race, parked close, sat in air-conditioned luxury at your own private table with a great view of the finish line, your own waitress and bus boy, your own beverage service and felt like a track VIP.  Total cost $48.90 per person + tax and tip for the TOTAL VIP Experience.   Compare this to sitting downstairs.  It is crowded, it smells, it is dirty and if betting the same, getting the same amount of drinks and spending about $15 bucks on food (easy to do on nachos, a burger and a popcorn) for a whole afternoon you would be spending $44.00 per person plus tax.  So, for $4.90 more I have just educated you how to be a track VIP.  (This makes an AWSOME date by the way...  You will look like a rock star!)Have fun Mr. and Ms. VIP!!!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,7/10/2012,108,154,2,6,5>What a unique find you are, Flamingo's!  Thanks Yelp, for the introduction.I ventured over to this place for their October sale, and let me tell you, I was very impressed!  Go here for the antique furniture, nightstands, and desks.  Seriously, so many to choose from.  I found myself a neat sofa table in a seafoam green, and a nightstand in white.  Both of the finishes were not done well, but I bought them with intent of painting them and fixing them up a little.  A lot of pieces definitely need a little TLC, as miss Annie D. stated.. but just a little sanding and repainting.I kind of disagree with the other reviewers about Flamingo's not being painted an array of colors.  Most things at the sale this time were bright blues & greens, with an ocassional piece that was white or black.  And not many I spotted with the orginal woodwork unpainted.  Flamingo's definitely reminds me of The Cottage House, but the prices at Flamingo's vary a bit.  Some are a crazy good deal, others are a bit more pricy.  It just takes a little digging!  Just like estate sales, you can sometimes bargain down the prices on the last day (Sunday), but most likely not before then.  All in all, a definitely must see for crafters with a vision and love for fixing up some furniture or fashionistas on a budget.  Note:  They did a wine/shopping hour the night before the sale launched in October.  Aka those on the mailing list got first dibs.  DEFINITELY think about going early, to snatch up those great finds.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,7/9/2012,78,118,3,4,3>Sweating and dancing are some of my favorite things and Shannonelise knows how to make you do both.  I've been taking her hip-hop classes and chair classes since she was at Knockout Bodies and I have to say, my body is starting to look fit!  So fit, that I a friend and I have dubbed her classes as "Operation Look Good".  That's right.  Cause we want to look gooooooood.  Between the sweating, gyrating, and pain that I experience, Shannon does a fantastic job of making us have fun and remembering why we are getting our a$$3$ kicked - bikini season!  She reminds me of Jillian Michaels, except way more fit and nicer :)So if you want to see results - go to her classes and sign up for your own personal Operation Look Good.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,7/8/2012,101,229,3,4,2>Sebastian Joe's has ice cream worth busting your diet wide-open.Personally, I consider the Danish Nut Roll ice cream technical breakfast food. Come on! It tastes like pastry in the mouth! Don't judge me. I haven't had a flavor that I didn't like (well, I haven't tried the straight-up chocolate and vanilla... because, while I'm sure they're delicious, how can you pass up things like sea salt caramel and Danish nut roll and raspberry chocolate chip?). It's creamy and delicious and tastes worth every little (big) calorie. My strategy is to get a single scoop, ask for a tasting spoon (tiny spoon=takes longer to eat...and who doesn't love a tiny spoon? They're always friendly and indulgent when I ask), and start walking toward Lake of the Isles (which is straight down the road). The line may be long, but the service is great (they let you taste! They do! And they don't even sneer!) and they offer cold-weather discounts in the winter. The coffee is also decent. My favorite thing used to be getting up early on a summer Sunday morning, getting a coffee and a scoop of ice cream and reading the Sunday morning paper at the outdoor tables. Come to think of it, why don't I do that anymore? Oh yeah. Adult metabolism kicking in. Right.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,7/7/2012,34,120,3,2,3>I like eating.  I like drinking.  I like sitting around.  I hate working out.  I am a lazy person.  I can honestly say that The Firm has started to change that.  The classes are awesome and the offerings varied.  The gym equipment is top-notch, and the instructors know how to motivate.  I tried the 1-week free intro and I was hooked.  The energy is infectious.  I highly recommend!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/6/2012,31,91,5,5,3>Tina eat your meat! Wow- I was lucky enough to make it to the grand opening last night and man was this girl impressed! The restaurant definitely had a positive and upbeat buzz to it. The bar probably extends 30+ feet. If you are looking for a bourbon, whiskey or any 'manly mans' liquor...they have it. The cocktail menu kicks a**, especially considering it's cover is made of raw hide. It's daunting (12 pages!), so feel free to ask the bartendar for their suggestions.  Jerald Hansen is a genius at the bar. The Juicy Basil was my favorite, bourbon drink that I normally wouldn't order but found myself on round 2. The Sazerac was also tasty but definitely more tart then the Juciy Basil. Pick your poison- they'll make it even better! We already ate earlier in the evening, but still ordered a couple items, a starter and my friend ordered the Wild Boar Hotlink. The Tequila Cured Salmon is their version of a ceviche, great flavor and perfect starter. My friend loved his hotlink...said the combination of mustard and spice flavors was perfect. I'm definitely coming back to try some meat! I was pleasantly surprised by the entrance and design of the exterior. Great work because it made me even more excited to enter! So much attention to detail was paid, from the branch-like bar stools to the country chic wash basins in the restrooms, loved every inch of their design.Come warm-weather time their patio is going to be coveted. huge space that's going to be a beer-garden, even with some live entertainment. Fun! Oh- and ladies- DUDE CENTRAL ;)
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,7/5/2012,731,659,1,6,8>**Review #500**I like to save the special reviews for special places.. ahhh! Doesn't that melt your heart? But really, as a new Minneapolitan I absolutely LOVE living by this gorgeous body of water. My dogs LOVE living by this gorgeous body of water... if only their little chicken-wing legs were longer so they wouldn't get so tired they could walk the whole thing. (They're dachshunds...)But I would absolutely recommend this lake to anyone and everyone. It's peaceful, it's serene, you can bring a blanket and picnic basket for a romantic date... you could invite friends and run or bike..you could bring your dog(s) on a walk. (they'll LOVE you... so many other dogs here too!)i've even witnessed a couple that tied up a hammock between two trees and lounged/snuggledYou could watch the sunset....I've seen paddleboarders, kayakers, canoeists, and fishermanAnd also a bunch of canadian geese too...There is a separate walking/running path and an outer bike path. It's usually pretty busy with people -- for sure now while the weather is great.If you can't tell, clearly i love this lake. It might even be in the top 3 in the state for me. :)
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,7/4/2012,35,28,,6,4>The Varsity is hands-down my favorite venue in the TC. It all starts in the bathroom. It is this beautiful pirate's grotto-esque space. It should be sought out, not avoided like at most venues. The chaises are particularly useful when waiting for a friend or taking a breather. That feeling continues in the rest of the updated venue. It's cozy and intimate everywhere you look, even the stage. I prefer going to shows where they've set up couches and seats along the perimeter of the room. I've gotten old and want to enjoy my music seated, okay?The sound is really lovely, at least for a know-nothing like me. Pro tip: the sound is always best behind the soundboard near the back of the room. If you're there for the music more than crowd interaction or are a misanthrope like me, you know where to stand. I like how they cater to all events - rock shows, weddings & receptions, dance nights. The Varsity has lived up to my expectations for each kind of experience I've had there. It's the only thing keeping me coming back to Dinkytown (unless Kitty Cat Klub is cover-free). My one complaint is the drink prices, but that's going to be an issue at any concert venue. Put that overpriced Strongbow in the air and say "Cheers!" to the best, most intimate venue in town!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,7/2/2012,216,199,2,3,2>I recently discovered Claddagh and I am in LOVE! Claddagh is one of my new finds that I selfishly want to keep to myself, yet I broadcast my new found love to all of my Facebook friends!  Claddagh's atmosphere can be best described as cozy and welcoming. Claddagh is two stories, brick walls, full of unique art by local artists, wood floors and an ample amount of natural light on the main level. The staff is friendly - treating their customers and regulars with a smile, some humor and respect! My favorite things about Claddagh Are;1: Dog Friendly2: Gluten-Free Baked Goods3:  Delicious "Nom Nom Num" Coffee4: Cool Artwork5: They Often Have Live Music6: Free Ice Water With Lemons
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,7/1/2012,87,290,5,4,4>The Pastor definitely makes some tasty slow-cooked ribs and even better chicken wings.Limited hours and a very modest storefront off of east 7th make getting your hands on this Q a bit of a challenge, but it's definitely worth it. Pastor Hamilton makes his own sauce, which is a great balance of slightly sweet, slightly smokey and a not-to-thick consistency, which most menu items come swimming in (you can buy jars of it in the restaurant).The ribs are very tender as a result of being slow-cooked and the pulled meat sandwiches are pretty good as well. However, the wings, in my mind, are without a doubt the stars on the menu. Yes, you'll drop a bit more coin on these wings, but that's because they're freaking huge (entire wing, not just the drummy), and damn good (hope saying damn isn't sacrilegious). The sides I've had haven't been anything revolutionary, but the beans, potato salad and collard greens are all enjoyable.The Pastor himself is very friendly, prices are reasonable, there are a few seats for dining in (hope you like Christian radio) and a portion of the proceeds go to charity - hallelujah, amen or whatever one is appropriate.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,6/30/2012,92,196,2,6,5>The only place I will ever go again for a pedicure.$22 for a pedi Monday - Wednesday.  The salon is located in a strip mall, but you wouldn't think so once you enter.  The salon is beautifully decorated with columns & warm colors.  Employees are always inviting.The massage chairs are fantastic as they have more options than I have ever experienced in other salons.  Every time I have received a pedicure here, the massage has always been extra long & so much better than others.  My toes always look perfect when I leave, I am never rushed, & always leave feeling refreshed & pampered... which is what it's all about, right?Try it.. you'll never go anywhere else for a pedicure!!!! :)
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,11/29/2013,61,82,,5,5>After my beloved Coffee News close their doors I was at a real loss when it came to coffee shops near me.  Sure, there were alleged top rated coffee houses nearby but reputation means little if you have a bad experience.  So when I heard rumblings about this new coffee shop that had opened on Grand I was curious and excited.If you have ready any of my other reviews you know I am passionate about my coffee experience, start to finish.  This place exceeded every expectation I could possibly have had going in there.  First impressions walking in the door were that this place is a sophisticated, young and urban.  There is a coffee shop I visit every time I visit family in New York and Grand Central reminds me so much of that place.  The sharp-looking white tiles and variety of seating options are just one of the elements that make this environment so fantastic.  As I walked in I was warmly and genuinely greeted by two separate staff members and they explained where the menus were and offered some helpful suggestions.  I ordered a latte and an almond croissant --both of which were phenomenal.  The lattee didn't just look pretty, it had perfect foamed milk and it was steamed to the perfect temperature.  Yet another personable staff member brought my drink over to me and made me feel welcomed.  So far the count of happy staff is up to three in my first visit alone: very impressive.I called my mom in excitement that I now had a new favorite coffee shop and it was within walking distance of my apartment!  The next day she called and asked me to take her there so she could try it, too.  On my second visit, I was again very warmly welcomed and this time we shared a salad sampler.  My mother got a mug of drip coffee--they serve Dogwood--and I got another lattee. The sampler was a very generous portion, easily for two people if you are getting drinks and sharing a dessert.  The dessert called the Tristan I believe, brought me to a higher level of consciousness.  If you're a caramel fan, you absolutely must try this dessert.  It's a shortbread cup with the type of caramel you find in those little wax wrapper caramels--at least that's what it tastes like.  All this topped with milk chocolate fluffy stuff (not the official name).  While I was taking my first few bites there was a soundtrack score that sounded like it was from some great romantic movie and really, I think it was the appropriate music for how hard and fast I fell in love with this dessert.  For a brief moment it was just me and that plate of perfection.  I know I can't keep this place a secret even though I want too.  I look forward to a long, loving relationship with my new neighborhood coffee house.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,11/28/2013,67,50,4,5,2>This place just screams money, which you need a lot of if you plan to spend the evening drinking here. I sometimes have money and if I'm feeling frivolous I'll head on down for a few drinks and some good people watching. They have a very comfortable atmosphere; the place is filled with sofas, over sized chairs, and fireplaces.  They have a bar in the center with comfortable stools and friendly bartenders, but paying $8 for a beer isn't something I want to do everyday. The weekday environment is usually low key, nothing too crazy. The crowd is usually business men who are downtown for meeting/dinner/entertaining clients or business men hanging out there from out of town because they're staying at the W. I haven't seen a lot of women hanging out here on week days, it could be that the Living Room is attached to Manny's which serves a lot of BIG red meat and I don't think it's generally a spot a group of ladies desire. However, the weekends are a different story. They have a DJ, dancing and the place gets PACKED! The Living Room is NOT a dive bar, it is not a place for a good deal. It is upscale and classy. They don't need to give you deals because they don't have to. I like this bar a lot, it's just not a place I can afford to hang out at on a weekly basis. I highly recommend checking it out for a drink or two.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,11/27/2013,33,34,4,5,3>Holy gnocchi this place is phenomenal! Unbelievably amazing food, fantastic atmosphere, impeccable service... this is what dreams are made of. Go now, don't wait. I love that they don't strive for "authentic" Italian (oh, the ever elusive "authenticity"), they instead aim for "inspired" Italian. And inspire it does.First of all, please note that Bar la Grassa is perfect for all occasions. Date night? Check. Graduation dinner with parents? Check. Out with friends? Check, check, check.My favorite experience here was my graduation celebration with my parents. They don't often go out to places that don't have a standard appetizer, bread basket, main course, dessert structure. I was honestly a little nervous bringing them here. I shouldn't have worried though. Our server was amazing and walked them through the whole ordering process, gave outstanding recommendations, and made sure our glasses were never empty (I don't think I touched the wine bottle the whole time). It was an experience.You really can't go wrong with any of the bruschetta options. As everyone says, the lobster and egg bruschetta is out of this world, but I can probably only justify splurging on it once ($18!). Instead, order both the ricotta and roasted tomato and red onion and goat cheese. Unreal. One of the best parts of the pasta course is that you can order half sizes, which I would highly recommend doing to mix and match. Here's what I've tried, in order of how much it rendered me short of words: 1. Gnocchi with califlower and orange2. Mushroom and taleggio agnolotti3. Cavatelli with braised rabbit4. Red wine spaghetti with pine nuts5. Pappardelle with veal ragu6. Silk handkerchiefs with pestoFinish off with the caramel crepe, and float all the way home.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/26/2013,186,185,3,6,6>So you're looking for a solid Mexican restaurant. A few questions for you.1) do you like a lot of food?2) Do you like meat and/or seafood?3) Is it Sunday night between 4-7 PM?Forget the first two questions. The third one is CRUCIAL.Because on Sunday's between 4-7, it's 2 FOR 1's on Molcajetes.whats molcajetes Ronnie? It's a bowl of steamingly beautiful carne, pollo, and beef. or it could be lobster, shrimp, and fish. Either or, a family of 5 can eat for under $40 on a sunday night.Walk, don't run to El Tajaban.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/25/2013,54,186,2,4,3>Jeepers, somehow I haven't yet written a review for one of my favorite restaurants in Minneapolis!  We came here for an early dinner last night, good timing for two reasons: seating was abundant on the patio, and happy hour drink specials go until 6pm even on Saturday.   Four dollar tropical juice mimosas and beers in the sunshine, anyone?    Dinner options range from the trademark Cuban sandwich to ropa vieja, shrimp dishes and pork roast.   However, I think I like Victor's breakfast options even more.  Be sure to get Cuban toast with guava jam, yucca frita, and mix your eggs with the black beans.  In warmer months the capacity doubles due to the patio, but it's still a tiny place so if you don't come early for dinner make a reservation, and be prepared to wait for breakfast (no reservations for that.)  It's so worth it.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,11/24/2013,47,131,2,5,5>Harriet Brasserie for brunch?  Totes!Friends and I ended up at Harriet Brasserie for brunch because Tilia (next door) was booked silly, and we were hungry.  A yummy surprise awaited us in a very pretty setting.Scones, Crab Benedict, Ropa Vieja, Crawfish and Grits, Bauru, and Nutella Mocha; all very good and not commonly found anywhere else in the city.  Delicious?  Filling and not button popping?  Unique brunchin'?  Family and Adult friendly?  Small but super cute patio?  "Yes!" all around!One day I might actually try the lunch or dinner menu, but I'm very satisfied with the brunch.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,11/23/2013,26,166,3,3,2>On a lovely Sunday morning earlier this month my wife treated her brother and me to brunch at Barbette, a restaurant that was previously unknown to me. From now on, however, whenever brunch is mentioned Barbette will likely be amongst my most aggressive of suggestions. In other words, I loved it!I ordered the buckwheat crepe with scrambled eggs, herbs, and brie. In my mind it was similar to a breakfast burrito, but way better, and with a simple but delicious side salad. The eggs inside were so fluffy and the crepe container was a treat. Cinnamon apples were a nice topper. My wife had a ham and Gruyere omelet and loved it. The few bites I had were tremendous. My bro-in-law ordered vegetable hash and unfortunately did not like it much. It wasn't exactly a hash, which I think was his main complaint.The hostess and waiter were both fantastic. The waiter especially seemed to love his job, and constantly flashed an infectious and genuine smile to his patrons. I love the location in Uptown too... not too hard to find parking, interesting people watching. Just a great experience all around!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,11/22/2013,42,84,6,4,5>Hot.  Damn. My first visit to ESS left me running home to Blaine PLEADING my husband for a drunken debaucherous weekend downtown.  ESS included. My sister and I headed to ESS to check out her friend singing with Armeniacs Muse on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was sparsely patroned and we had our choice of tables.  Sitting close to the stage, we were presented with menus. Messages from the Gods, these things!  And because their meat is all farm-to-fork, I can CHOW DOWN.  I had the BLT with a side of grits. The grits are more 'to the tooth' than the standard melted corn presented at many local restaurants and perfectly seasoned.  The bacon was so damn good that I literally dismantled my BLT and ate it separately.  The coffee....oh, the coffee!  They grind the beans in-house and bring the filter and grounds tableside to brew gently while you view.  I have never tasted coffee so soft, yet so bright.  It was like chewing on the friggin' bean while Adele sings sweet lullabies in your ear.  Fa real. The service was also stellar.  Our water glasses were never empty, our dirty plates hardly graced our table for more than five minutes, and our server was FULL of information.  Of note, they anticipate showing movies on the patio this summer and...get ready for this...serving ADULT snow cones.  Yep, you heard right.  Liquor and ice.  (I think I just found the name for my new hit single.)Haven't tried the cocktails, but when we schedule our downtown debauchery, I'll update the review with what I can only imagine will be more amazing adjectives (and a couple of cuss words).
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/21/2013,38,72,14,14,15>The day I had my first Jucy Lucy at Matt's Bar was the day I realized I'd fallen in love with Minneapolis. I don't mean to imply a correlative relationship between those two, it just so happens it worked out that way.I walked through Loring Park, past people tanning and playing basketball, past the oddly alluring dandelion fountain, emerged on Nicollet and immediately saw a giant cloud and sky reflected in a glass building; it looked like a postcard from a beautiful future. Walking toward downtown the skyline looked magical - the buildings had that weird, metallic shimmer of the inside of a candy bar wrapper, and the city seemed like a strange and gigantic jewel. Suddenly something clicked... I realized, as the Talking Heads presaged: this must be the place. Is it the abundance of motorized wheelchairs, recklessly zooming around town on sidewalks and through traffic? The inexplicable, random scatterings of chicken bones near bus stops and on side streets? The reliable unpredictability of each public bus ride? The leg tattoos that mark every wannabe scenester and artsy 20-something? The inverted rap scene dominated by a contingent of all-too-earnest white guys? The public ping pong table near the Hyatt? It's all of it, of course. The glorious whole. The lakes and the bikepaths; the bridges and the food trucks; the skyways and the parks; the diverse cuisine and the integrated neighborhoods (in certain areas); the ghosts of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis; the legends of Prince and Fargo.And, yes, it's the Jucy Lucy at Matt's Bar, that wonderful Cadbury Egg of a cheeseburger oozing goodness from goodness like a heavenly oil well. This is a burger-lover's burger - it's down and dirty, old school, right off a small square of a grill tucked in the corner of the bar, worked only by one man, always overloaded with tickets due to popular demand. An order of fries is bountiful, so don't ask for a large unless you have 3 or 4 people in your group. The place is usually understaffed, so the wait can be significant; still, the staff does an impressive job hustling to keep everything flowing the best it can. Matt's Bar and the Jucy Lucy are perfect emblems of this unusual, endearing city: wonderful, distinctly Minnesotan, and uniquely, perfectly itself.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,11/20/2013,25,110,2,4,2>Do yourself a major favor and have the best doughnut of your life - and this is coming from someone who does not, traditionally, like donuts. It is vegan and gluten-free, both of which made me all the less likely to try it but, after much encouragement from the staff, I went out on a limb and ordered the doughnut (as my pre-breakfast snack...my hobbit tendencies strike again). I watched as my dining companions took their first bites, still trepidatious as to the flavor and texture of the doughnut. My mistake! I was in love the instant the flavor hit my tongue - it was an explosion of almond and fruit. It was the perfect texture. It took all of my increasingly lacking self-control not to start elbowing my dining companions when they reached for their second, third, fourth bites of this heavenly pastry.The rest of the brunch was equally delicious and delightful. A pleasant surprise was the plentiful coffee & water served from equally pleasant servers. We had a lovely and lengthy chat with a teacher from Stillwater who works there on the weekends. It felt like a place where everybody knows your name. They may not know my name after my first visit, but I anticipate that they will in a few weeks as I intend on making this place a regular.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,11/16/2009,170,391,8,8,7>The Coconut Cream Cheese Wontons @ Jasmine 26.Finally proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. You could even order these things for dessert. That's a really good idea. Maybe I will next time.The Pho is delicious, the green curry is pretty awesome, and it's SO PRETTY. Seriously, take your dates here, because they will confuse the attractiveness of the restaurant with your personal attractiveness, and you will have a much better shot.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2009,11/15/2009,271,845,,10,4>We finally have a vegan cheese that can please both vegans and non-vegans alike: Daiya. Made from cassava root, this cheese actually melts, stretches and looks and tastes like real cheese (and it's soy-, rice-, gluten- and casein-free). ZPizza in Roseville is, as far as I know, the first place in Minnesota to offer it (though Galactic Pizza in Minneapolis also now offers it).I don't remember the last time I was so excited to try a new vegan product. We ordered an extra large "Berkeley Soy Cheese" pizza ($20; note the names of the pizzas haven't yet been changed to reflect Daiya's arrival, but ZPizza no longer offers soy cheese). It came loaded with onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, mushrooms and vegan sausage crumbles; we also asked them to leave off the pesto, which is not vegan.The pizza was good. Quite good. The vegetables were fresh, the sauce was flavorful, the crush was light and thin (though not as good as Galactic Pizza's crusts) and the Daiya cheese took me back to a world I had forgotten. On a whole, the quality of the pizza here is about equal to that of Galactic or Pizza Luce.Daiya is an excellent vegan replica of cheese, and much better than any other vegan cheese on the market. It would also be, I suspect, happily consumed by non-vegans, as it has a tangy, authentic taste and texture. It's definitely a signpost in the road: the vegan world is becoming complete and we're turning the corner on cheese.So, while the Daiya cheese is great, and worth a drive to Roseville, I do have some issues with ZPizza itself: the restaurant at first looks sort of modern and nice, but it seems tackier the longer you stay, and functions more like a dinky mom-and-pop joint, with paper plates, flimsy non-compostable plastic utensils and fountain soda. This is the type of place you'd go to after your kid's tee-ball game. I was expecting something a bit classier, such as actual silverware and table service. This is especially galling, as ZPizza proudly claims, "We use environmentally friendly packaging." With paper plates and plastic forks that go straight into the trash? That's not even greenwashing, that's just outright lying.However, the prices here are good (cheaper than Pizza Luce or Galactic for the amount of food offered), and the Daiya option alone makes it stand out. I wouldn't want to come here to sit and eat, but I could definitely do take-out.ZPizza delivers to a five-mile radius, and while that includes Dinkytown and the East Bank, it pretty much skips the rest of Minneapolis, and the trendier areas of St. Paul (south of I-94).Also, for a limited time, ZPizza offers buy one get one free on large pizzas, but only on Mondays and Tuesdays, which is a pretty remarkable deal.ZPizza has much room to improve, but I applaud them for making Daiya readily available across the country. Vegans, come here to taste the shape of things to come in the cheese-world.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2008,11/14/2009,40,119,5,6,3>My husband and I went to Lucky's with another couple on a boring Saturday afternoon.  This other couple are die hard Montana State alumni and mentioned there was an alumni get together going on.  I was not at all prepared for the number of Montana alumni that live in the TC area.  The place was packed and it was 1pm.  But it was an excuse to drink in the afternoon.  I never turn that down.Pros:Very cool space (big steel tiles on ceiling, brick walls, loooong bar, open kitchen)Back patio with heat lamps and a huge gas fire pit.Me thinking I won at BINGO but it was a coverall so I made a complete ass of myself  (not sure if its a pro or con but it wasn't their fault I'm a moron and it made me laugh :)Cons:Cranky hostess (probably because there was an hour plus wait for a table and she had her hand in some crazy contraption, like she had just had surgury)Campers (people who never leave), especially cranky, elderly ones obsessed with BINGO.Super Cons:Servers clean their tables and put dirty plates, food gunk, etc into a dumping pit right across from the bathrooms.  (It was stanky.  Plus, that was the way out to the patio) They need to hide that shit.  It's disgusting.Lastly, the Food....I know this place is owned by Axel's and I didn't give them a stellar review by any means.  I tried to not let that affect my review.  But my biggest complaint was the food.  It was just so...meh.  One of us ordered a Juicy Lucy and it was RAW inside.  Yuck-o.Since Lucky's is on the other side of the TC from me, I probably won't be back anytime soon.  But it is a cute layout and would be a kick ass place if they made some corrections.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,11/13/2009,124,263,4,6,7>A group of us ate here on Christmas.  What a tasty treat!The bamboo tips were deliciously oily, the Szechuan potato fries were absolutely to die for, and the homestyle tofu was amazing.  The perfectly cooked tofu was swimming in a mouth watering spicy sauce.  I made sure to order broccoli with my tofu so I could get some vegetables in my tummy.  They charged me an extra dollar for that, but it was totally worth it.The wait staff was inattentive, but I forgive them since it was Christmas.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,11/10/2009,192,528,17,13,10>So I came here last weekend with my girlfriend and her friend to help find a "decent" man for her friend.  She is growing up a bit and realizing that the only thing the guys at places like the Drink, Spin, Annex and Aqua can offer is herpes.  They have food now, which is always appreciated when drinking.  The menu is limited, but we shared a pepperoni pizza.  It was pretty good for bar food.  There was much more cheese that you'd expect.  Obviously nothing you'd go out of your way for, but as long as you are here it will give you the grease you require.  It was also one of the Spring teaser days, so the outdoor patio was full.  They have a bonfire pit back there and sell smores materials for $4 at the bar.  There are also 2 cork dartboards in the back room, you can get steel darts from the bartender for no charge, but if you have your own, I'd bring them.  The bar's darts are pretty shitty.  If you are curious, she met what appears to be a decent guy.  He was pretty shit faced at the time, but he seemed to be dating material.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,11/9/2009,42,103,6,9,6>I love pizza. I'd eat it every day if I could. In fact I often have. Getting a large for myself and then having 3-days of dinners planned is one of the greatest things ever. Yes, I've eaten pizza for dinner 4-days straight before. It has happened. Guilty. Tried Black Sheep last night with seven other Yelpers. Excellent atmosphere. Basement vibe, but not too basement-e. Yep, just made up another word. Small, but not too small. Warm and cozy too. They do not take reservations, so if you're planning to go and will have a party of four or more, I'd plan a little extra time to wait. Decent bar area so if it's you or you+someone, you should be fine walking in. Pizza was fantastic. Very good flavors going on there. Thin crust, done crispy via that coal fired oven. Meatballs and sausage were made that morning. Amazing. I appreciate the dedication. The clams pizza... very seldom will you see clams on a pizza still in the shell. Great looking pizza. I did not have any, but those who did seemed to enjoy it. House wines were anything but your normal "house". We got a carafe for $20 and that poured about 6 drinks. Good value there. Upon a discussion with the owner, we learned the house red is actually two wines poured together. Very good flavor for a house, highly recommend you getting that. Table of eight, and nobody had a complaint. Maybe one pizza was a little too done for one's taste, and conversely one was maybe not done enough, but you'll have that (especially when firing nine pizzas at the same time and trying to get them all out at once) so I cannot consider those "complaints". Well done Black Sheep, well done. Kudos to you for bringing the only coal fired pizza spot in all of MN to Downtown Minneapolis, where I can frequent it. I thank you.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,11/8/2009,10,73,4,4,3>I think this neighborhood coffee shop is great!  I've been here about 10 times over the last year or so.  Very welcoming and comfortable environment.  I really like their drinks but would say their baked goods are average.  They also serve excellent waffles, my only complaint being that the butter is always so hard, I can't use it without destroying my food.You are going to laugh but I also love the bathroom!  Every time I go here I spend about 5 minutes in there reading all the ads.  I found my favorite massage therapist on this board and a few other services there as well.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,11/7/2009,186,185,,8,4>I recently moved from Southern California. Currently, I am in search of creamy Korean Soondubu, delicious pho (Pho 79), authentic dim sum (Mandarin Kitchen), and most importantly, fresh sushi that doesn't cost me an arm.Fresh sushi was readily available in So Cal. From Shibucho ($30 a pop) to Urasawa ($300+ a pop), we had some amazing sushi. Moving to the midwest, I dreaded what mid west sushi would taste like.Luckily, we found Origami.We've went to a few places like Fuji-Ya and Midori's but Origami is our pick so far. Here's why.We approached Origami with hesitation, waiting to be wowed. We arrived and was greeted warmly by the hostess during a slower lunch. We sat at the bar, where we would get the best interaction with our itamae chef. He initiated our conversation and we were talking to an old friend fifteen minutes into our meal. I asked him what was fresh and he said almost everything, since it was winter and fish were fresh and plump. I knew this to be true.We ordered some of the most traditional things we enjoyed back west.-Aji Sashimi: Spanish Mackerel. This was our favorite dish of the meal.Our itamae masterfully prepared a young fish and fileted it beautifully. Later the bones were sent back for frying and came back well fried, not too oily and very crispy.rating: 9/10- Takoyaki: Definitely not sushi but I crave Takoyaki ever since I had some in Oahu on a corner shop. They came out absolutely perfect. Well fried, still gooey on the inside with tender Octopus. I was definitely excited to find a local spot that served japanese Takoyaki.rating: 8/10- Oysters: We ordered Four oysters, hoping they would taste as creamy as the ones from Neptune's in Boston. While they didn't match the freshness of the coasts, they were done great, with a slight hint of ponzu, grated radish and ginger. Very taste.rating: 7/10.- Amaebi: Raw sweet shrimp. This was the true test of freshness. A sushi restaurant risks a lot putting this dish on the menu. If the ebi is out too long, it becomes mushi and horrible tasting (Midori's is now blacklisted for this very reason). Origami didn't disappoint. The amaebi was sweet and flesh was slightly crunchy. The heads arrived, well fried and crunchy in a different manner.rating: 8/10We also ordered our standard nigiri (tuna, albacore, etc.) and all of it was well prepared and tasty fresh.Origami is now our go to spot for Fresh sushi. We'll definitely be returning monthly.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,11/5/2009,9,46,4,3,3>The best seafood in the metro -- as good as Oceanaire (its stuffy sibling restaurant), without all the pretense. Just dig in. I recommend the stuffed grouper or the catfish po' boy. The jambalaya is as good as any in New Orleans. I don't think the prices are too bad .. this isn't Seattle or Montauk after all -- the nearest saltwater is at MOA. If you're going for the food, try Saturday 6-7PM. If you are going later than that to socialize, expect to wait .. and please don't b**** about it. That's like moving to Richfield and complaining about the airport -- no one is listening to you.Best tips: Make a reservation on OpenTable.com and ask for Jo-Jo the waitress. She's a real treasure.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,11/4/2009,51,96,7,5,5>No joke, this place makes me tear up every time I go. It reminds me of home, and the boss looks like my dad as does every other Taiwanese guy I encounter in Minnesota  (stout and balding). The food is authentic and delicious. Everytime I go I can't help but get the pork chop noodle soup or anything with pork chop in it. The last time I went I kind of made a fool out of myself by trying ot practice my Taiwanese on the waiters. Since I'm really rusty on Taiwanese, I just came off as a total ABC (American Born Chinese) and will have to hang my head in shame for at least a good three months before I can return.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,3/10/2014,209,965,3,8,4>After looking for places on-line for breakfast came across this place and chose it because of the variety of their menu.Great prices and a great variety of things to choose from. Nice atmosphere with the tables and pew like benches. The tables are close, but still spread out just enough so it doesn't feel like you're right on top of your dining neighbor.I went back and forth between the Benedict and the Frittata of the day. Wound up choosing the Frittata (Spinach, ham and cheese) which was pretty good. Lots of spinach and plenty of ham the way I like it. Nice big chunks.My friends each ordered the Benedict which I admired across the table. They said it was pretty good. All of our meals came with fresh fruit. (Melon, grapes, pineapple) Mine came with hash browns which were ok. The little onion, chive preview biscuits were all right. I didn't expect the sweeter flavor in them.Service was great.Their graphics make me think of some print Shepard Fairy would make. A little surprised t hat the place wasn't more packed, but better for us.Very nice place for breakfast! Would return.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/9/2014,46,61,4,12,7>Had a wonderful first visit to the newly-opened Dakota Junction! This family-owned restaurant offers counter service and the food comes out quickly.  We visited on a busy Saturday but were able to find seating right away. Right now they are in the process of experimenting with the menu, so it is not set yet. Tamales were absolutely delish, not dry at all. I hope the chef includes the tamales in the final menu! And I love that the food comes from a farm just down the road, a nice change from the chain restaurants in the area. They also have several local beers on tap. I tried the Lucid Dyno, real good. I definitely plan on visiting again to try the guacamole and the tater tots. Yum!
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,3/8/2014,240,322,,4,5>Only 1 review?? What I love about this place are the smiling helpful staff and pure plant and fruit-based fragrances. The scents are fresh and light, not cloyingly sweet overpowering like many synthetic scents tend to be. It is almost impossible to choose between the flowery and citrus scents. The flower based scents like sweet orange and jasmine are sometimes balanced by bergamot or green tea. Their eau-de-toilettes and shower gels are good buys around $20. Check out the men's after-shave too.They were recently stripped of the leaping bunny - the assurance that no animal testing was done in any phase of production - because of the decision to enter the China market. However they are part of a coalition actively working with Chinese authorities and the first non-animal  alternative test has been accepted, and more are expected to follow. I continue to monitor this and shop here but will stop if L'Occitane agrees to animal testing in order to sell to China.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,3/7/2014,92,197,5,10,8>Midtown has a great local feeling when compared to other markets in the area.  There is just a great neighborhood atmosphere of local farmers and artisans coming to sell their goods.I like shopping produce, flowers, and so forth as much as the next person but I like some good hot food even more.  There are quite a few food options like Omelets, Tacos, Arepas, Burgers and Sandwiches.  Hola Arepa has been there every weekend and they have some great stuff, really ups the value in my book. There has been live music, cultural dancing and other entertainment every time I've been as well. The cheese curd guy in the back corner is great, he always has a ton of samples and offers them up with no pressure to buy.This market shouldn't go over looked when comparing to all the other choices in Minneapolis/St Paul.  It's a good option to keep on the list when looking for a free weekend activity.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,3/6/2014,225,1098,2,6,5>They don't take VISA cards...cash only....they do have newcastle in the bottle---which is pretty jazzy for a DIVE BAR..  They are friendly and low key...The karaoke crowd is pretty freakin' serious---one guy had a dang harmonica and was playing along with his song....another couple probably are in a local band as the lady had the look and the sound and the stage performance down....in among all this you have all types of other singers....there are a ton of boozed up party peeps here --  be ready to have some beer spilled on you
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/5/2014,78,118,5,9,7>Rock Chic with a touch of home.  So glad that this place turned the former Porky's/Falafel King into something much needed in my neighborhood.  Watch out NE Social - this maybe my new favorite.I showed up on the second day that they opened and they were still trying to work out some kinks, but the food that I had tasted absolutely great in my book.  I decided to get some friends to go there with me the next night and they were raving about the fixings that they got.  I had some fixings on thier mid menu ($5 from 3-6 pm) , and let me tell you - it is gooooooooddddd:Wild Boar Sausage - 2 Yums upThe fries - absolutely divineArugula Salad - I haven't tasted fresh arugula that good in a LOOONG time.  And the beets - BEETS!!  Not your average pickled beets calmed by the lovely dressing.I would have had more, but I was stuffed after just those 3 things.  When I went back the next night I decided to try the soup (something a little lighter for my poor full belly) and the rice noodles hit the spot.  If you like Pho, then this will be right up your ally.  It is the NE - USA version of Pho and it is so good, you may want to have this all the time.  The large is huge, so try the small if you are looking for a lighter meal.Also, the staff are the most gracious people ever.  They are always smiling, asking if things were good, and genuinely care if you liked the food.  They are open to feedback cause they want to impress, so don't feel shy about chatting it up.I wish them well and I can't wait to keep coming back here.  Maybe I'll see you there.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/4/2014,949,964,10,12,11>I had the good fortune of spending the last Sat. of gorgeous weather in Hudson for a gathering of supper club aficionados at The Hangar. They had the great taste to have the event catered by RJ's. The brat and bun were fabulous. Only complaint was that they didn't have the means to keep them hot. I almost wish I had passed because, their sides are so fabulous. Huge chunks of egg in the potato salad. Great baked beans, great flavors and nothing weird in them. What floored me was just seeing macaroni salad in the mix. Minnesotans seem to have a weird aversion to macaroni salad for parties, and you never see it. You can guess the overkill portion I took, and it was so good I ate the whole thing. After the party I drove straight over the little bridge to the meat market itself. I need simple ham and swiss, they use Boars Head.I wanted to try a bread, so I picked up Seibenfelder Loaf. You haven't lived til you tasted this stuff. It's worth a trip just for this. They also carry Texas toast, which seemed to be the only bread that is sliced. It was very busy with everyone huddled in the middle of the meat case. Probably a Packers discussion is involved. It almost seems sacreligious that it's between a Taco Johns and KFC. The best part, only a few feet up you hop right on 94 W home.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,3/3/2014,155,43,10,18,16>Alyssa R took off of work on Friday, which made this Lunch All-You-Can-Eat Friday Fish Fry possible for us. We packed up Pheona & made our way to the Capital View Cafe. I called ahead, asking what time it is served until and was told 2 PM. We pulled up around 1 and found ample street parking available. They don't have a parking lot. The entrance is in the middle of the place with seating on your left and right. We saw a sign that said to seat yourself, so we choose a booth just to the left of the entrance. Our server came very quickly dropping off menus and welcoming us to the restaurant. I had been here once before, while this was Alyssa's first time here. She dove into the menu narrowing down what she wanted to eat. She was torn between the Cajun Breakfast and the AYCE Fish Fry. When our server came back so we could place our order, Alyssa let her know she was thinking about those two. The server gave a great description of the Fish Fry that influenced Alyssa to go that route. Alyssa also went with a coffee. I did a lemonade. The Fish Fry comes standard with Hand Breaded Haddock, French Fries, and Coleslaw.We took in the place while we waited for our order. It's full of knick knacks on shelves and pictures on the walls. Lots of plants, too. There is plenty of natural light that comes through the windows. They have framed newspaper articles and local folklore highlighted throughout. They had music playing which was mostly classic rock. The place was quite busy. Over half of the tables were filled. Being right by the entrance, I saw a steady stream of people walk in. Some were known by first name. This place is popular. Our wait was just over 10 minutes. My first impression was, "Golly! This plate of food sure looks swell!" Coleslaw was colorful and creamy. Purples and Oranges mixed in. The two pieces of Fish had dill flecks in the breading. Truly looked amazing. A perfect wedge of lemon was included on the plate. The fries were your standard O'rida crinkle cut kind. They house make the tartar sauce, and they give you a huge ramekin of it. We got our fries salted and peppered & our Fish lemoned, and dug in! Great Haddock is cooked here. They hand bread it in a flour mixture with Dill flecks. It fries up perfectly golden tan. Fantastic crust surrounding those full flaky fillets. The Fries were alright. About as good as O'rida Crinkle Cut French Fries can get. It was cute watching Pheona eat 'em. The Coleslaw was a little different. It was highlighted with Green Pepper, but not overwhelming it. It got better with each bite. The house-made Tartar sauce was great. Not too tangy. More of a lemon flavor. Nice and chunky with pickles in it. Our server came back at the perfect time to ask about a reorder. I asked for two, while Alyssa asked for just one. When that arrived, within 5 minutes or so, we got more like 5 pieces. I also asked if everything was AYCE or just the Fish. The server told me that just the Fish is, but if I wanted more Fries or Coleslaw to just ask her and she'd get it. I had to ask for extra tartar, as for that didn't come with the reorder. Lemon did, though. Same great Fish for our reorder. Lots of eye appeal with those flecks of Dill. Steamy, white, flaky Haddock exposes itself when you cut in with your fork. Really great Fish. Our bill came to a total of 24 bucks and change after tax. We paid with our debit card with no issues. The All-You-Can-Eat Friday Lunch Fish Fry costs $9.25. That is an awesome price point. This is a great Fish Fry. If you have off on a Friday afternoon, we think this is a perfect spot to grab some lunch or a late breakfast.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,3/2/2014,81,401,2,7,7>We had a most enjoyable and delicious meal at 112 Eatery -- easily one of the top 5 meals we've had since moving to the Twin Cities two and a half years ago. The restaurant itself is small but charming. Reservations recommended. There's both an upstairs and a downstairs. The menu is foodie but without being pretentious, and the prices are not cheap but certainly not uber fancy expensive restaurant type prices. In the end, we actually thought we got a pretty good deal for all the food we ate. But if you're going to go whole hog, three courses with beverages, I'd expect to top $100 on your tab for sure. Still, totally a steal considering the quality. I would highly recommend going with a group. Though it's not officially a tapas restaurant, it's the kind of place that absolutely lends itself to sharing if you and your friends are cool with that style of eating.So, food-wise -- really stellar. Everything was beautifully prepared and delicious. There were some amazingly clever twists on classics, and everything we had from start to finish was absolutely wonderful. I snagged the receipt because I knew I wouldn't remember everything. So, for apps: We had the cold cuts/pate platter (which was incredible). We had the foie gras appetizer (which was equally incredible). We had the prawns app (which was fine but paled compared to the other two). For entrees and sides, the table as a whole ordered the foie gras meatballs (woah! so amazingly delicate and delicious), the ossobuco (which was fall off the bone tender), the stringozzi (which was excellent), the sweetbreads (which were crunchy and delicious), the gnocchi (which were expertly prepared with a heap of cheese on the top), and the butternut squash (which was diced so perfectly small and mixed with small bits of melted blue cheese and absolutely divine). Oh my lord, get the squash!!! Dessert: As a table we ordered Izzy's ice cream (which you know is going to be great), the waffles (which were pretty much everything you'd imagine a belgian waffle dessert waffle to be), the olive oil chocolate cake (which was good but a bit dry to me -- of course, it was an olive oil cake, right) and the tres leches cake (which was almost sickly sweet but beautiful). That's the short version because I realize you don't want to read a review for 20 minutes. But everything we sampled was just fantastic pretty much from start to finish.Service wise: Our waiter (Matthew, per my receipt) was excellent. When we ordered the prawn appetizer, he told us that it came with four prawns and offered to add fifth so that everyone at the table could have one. I requested my gin and tonic with a lot of lime. It was delivered to the table by another staff member with one slice of lime sitting on the glass rim. Before I even turned around to look for someone to ask for more lime, Matthew was sailing toward me with a plate full of lime wedges. He had excellent menu knowledge and made helpful suggestions. He was also not shy about recommendations, which I appreciate always. Our water glasses were kept full always.So why four stars instead of five? I have two bones to pick with an otherwise perfect dining experience:First, we had an 8:45 reservation. We arrived early. We were directed upstairs where a hostess greeted us and told us that our table was not quite ready. We proceeded to stand around awkwardly (there is no really great place to wait up there) for more than half an hour before we were finally seated. The hostess even came and took a round of drink orders because she knew we were getting testy. We were almost done with our beverages before we were seated. And in the end, she said she was sorry but that a 2 top just wouldn't get up from their table and that was the reason for the large delay. I'm sorry... I realize it's a small place. But if one table of two staying longer than expected throws your entire reservation system out of whack, you're seating people wrong or taking too many reservations at one time. Maybe I just don't like waiting 40 minutes beyond our reservation time. But that said, I am glad we waited.Second, I was pretty disappointed with the beer list. All beers at 112 Eatery are in bottles -- no beer on tap, period. The bottle selection is just kind of OK. I honestly had trouble finding one I wanted to drink, to the point where I ordered a cocktail as mentioned above. My gin and tonic was super stiff -- without the extra lime it would have been almost un-drinkable. Probably half liquor if not more, and the tonic was really flat. Not so enjoyable for $8.50. The wine drinkers among our group seemed satisfied with the wine list, though. It seems fairly unacceptable for me for a restaurant of this caliber to not have some draft beer options and a decent cocktail.If they could improve that and the reservation issue, I'd be happy to upgrade to five stars in a heartbeat.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,3/1/2014,14,60,3,9,7>After being bullied by my friend to try this place ("It's supposed to be the most authentic Thai food in the city - PLUS they have stuffed chicken wings!") I went on a lunch break at work.I was not disappointed, the food was super yummy, the staff was very kind, and the environment was very welcoming. Inside made you kind of forget about the less-attractive outside, which was easy to find, but not exactly fancy... But that doesn't matter!We had an early lunch, around 11, which was smart because by the time we got our food and were enjoying it, the lunch rush had hit and this place was PACKED. It was clear that it's a neighborhood favorite and worth the wait!I ordered the Mussaman Curry, a favorite of mine from over at Eastside Thai, and the flavors were great! The sauce was good, the veggies were good, the meat was good, and I love anything that includes Peanuts, so I was happy. We had the Stuffed Chicken Wings, and they were great! Not quite as good as over at Asian Deli, but sometimes I feel like if you experience things for the first time at one restaurant, then no other place ever meets your expectations, so that could be what's going on there... They were delicious. And pre-cut for easier eating, so that was nice...I can't say again how hoppin' this place was by high noon, so it must be a well-loved establishment. I can see how, since everything during my first visit was delicious and delightful. I will definitely be going back to try more dishes...BONUS: There is a mini-parking lot attached, so if you are smart and go early like I did, you can snag one of those 10 or so spaces, and not have to deal with University Ave. parking! Just a tip!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,7/20/2012,7,80,4,5,5>This place is the definition of a neighborhood cafe.  You enter the place via a creaky screen door that seems to announce your arrival.  Along the wall there are rotating exhibits of local art  and  couple of boards full of neighborhood announcements (e.g. parades, garage sales). A few random photos and newspaper clippings adorn the area behind the register (mostly for the entertainment of the staff I think).  Along the back wall, is an encyclopedic display of roasted beans. Tables are closely clustered with ample but friendly spacing.  If you are there during the day, you'll see the owner roasting the very fuel you rely on.It's fun to study or just chill at this place.  It does get crowded, particularly on weekends, but the hustle and bustle is stimulating just like their delicious coffee.  People watching is fun too. Despite all of this, most of my trips to the factory are for beans only.  They have an excellent selection of whole beans at a reasonable price.  I wish they had a loyalty card, but do offer $1 off per pound for the daily roast.  The sandwiches and pastries are an after thought here (and the sandwich selection dwindles on the weekend when delivery is curtailed).  Come for the drinks, stay for the ambiance.  Eat if you get hungry doing the other two.  And come back often for the beans.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/19/2012,76,230,1,1,2>Cute shop and SUPER nice owner!  We stopped in just before closing time on Saturday to pick up a treat for ourselves and something to thank my brother & SIL for watching our daughter for the night.We picked a half dozen that included: S'mores, 2 Cookies & Cream, Salty Dog, Banana Flip, and a Drumstick.  The S'mores and one Cookies & Cream went to my bro & SIL, which they really seemed to enjoy and the rest went home with us.The owner heard that we were saving them for later and insisted that we take one with us to eat in the car and ruin our dinner (kidding) so we decided on the What's Up Doc - carrot cake with Buttercream Cheese frosting and did indeed eat it in the car.  The carrot cake was very moist and the frosting was tasty, but not too heavy, the perfect combo.We've since only eaten the Salty Dog (we're having one a day so we don't give ourselves diabetes) but it was also a great combination of flavors.  I'm still looking forward to the other 3 we've got in our fridge.I would definitely recommend eating them fresh.  I have a feeling these cupcakes are amazing fresh (the carrot cake was) but they're still pretty dang tasty even 2 days later.Yelpers get a 20% off discount over $10 for checking in.Thanks Sweet Bebe!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/18/2012,10,44,14,7,7>This is a Bloomington hidden gem.  I have a pregnant chick in my household and you know what that means - as the man who put her in that state, I'm contractually obligated to oblige her needs and cravings.  Baked goods are high on the list of preggo must-haves.We've been on a doughnut kick.  So we checked out Denny's this past weekend.  I don't know who Denny is, but he's doing it all right.They open at 5am every day (except Sundays, when they are closed).  We were there a little before 9 and the atmosphere in the place is awesome.  They have a few hightop tables that were all filled by cute old couples or cute young families.  Make no mistake - this is a full-on bakery.  Cookies, bread, cakes, and they have an EXCELLENT selection of doughnuts.  I had a maple longjohn with a big fat strip of bacon on it.  Have you ever had one of those?  I honestly don't know if food has ever aroused me before.  But eating that bacon maple goodness was like this dream I had where Kate Beckinsale and Katy Perry were doing this thing - well, you get the picture.The gals behind the counter were super friendly and personable.  One was grilling me about my tattoos and the other and I exchanged witty banter for a minute.  I'll definitely be back.  We're already considering having them do our wedding cake, circa fall 2013.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/17/2012,42,189,,3,3>I felt totally gluttonous, but I couldn't help but shovel the food in my mouth as fast as possible to make sure I didn't fill up before getting to sample as much as possible. That is Brasa. We've had their pulled chicken sandwich before at a tasting event, but this was our first time to one of their restaurant locations. We chose the St. Paul - Grand Avenue site for Saturday night because it was the bigger of the two. I called earlier in the day and the woman on the phone recommended coming after the dinner rush of 6-8 p.m. if we didn't want a long wait. We showed up around 8:45 and were told it would be a 25-minute wait. Thankfully, it ended up taking less than 10 minutes before we were seated at a big booth - just enough time to peruse what other people had on their plates without feeling the need to grab a fork and steal a few bites. I ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade to start and it was delicious and refreshing. We decided on a few sides for the table - the guac and chips (which was as good as you can get in Mexico), the fried yuca (like a denser french fry - amazing!) and the mac and cheese (by far, the weakest of the sides and still totally delicious). I got a small plate of the pulled chicken and a small bowl of the chicken and biscuit soup. The pulled chicken is simmered in a pepper and light cream gravy and it is perfection - a real plate-licker. The chicken and biscuit soup was flavored nicely with thyme and flecked with bits of carrots and celery. It would be perfect on a cold winter day (and was even better reheated the next day). My dad ordered the smoked beef sandwich which comes on the most delicious bread. My husband had to have the catfish and a slice of cornbread. We didn't have any room for dessert, but that's just another reason to go back. This place is everything it's cracked up to be - Southern comfort food at its finest.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/16/2012,40,94,4,4,5>How hard would it be to give a candy store like this less than 5 stars?Unlike the corporate candy stores in MOA, Candyland has a ton of class. Everything looks and is genuinely vintage- the window you can see where they make their homemade chocolate in, the popcorn machine, to the font on the candy labels.Most everything is super affordable, so you really don't see too many children making a scene inside. The staff are super friendly, and they accept card even for a $1.00 purchase.My absolute favorites you may ask? POPCORN BALLS are to die for and the candy blocks get me every time.Can't say much for the chocolate cuz I'm not a chocolate eater- but I've seen many a friend swoon and melt after devouring their whole bags of assorted goodies they've gotten.Support the little, local guy- it's worth the fun little trip to downtown St. Paul
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/15/2012,134,345,1,5,5>This is one of those places that I almost don't want to review, lest the word get out and it becomes too busy for me to get a table at.  :)India Palace is this crazy little place with the TASTIEST Indian food.  I don't know all of the names of the dishes, but everything I've had has been amazing.  Dishes with beef, chicken, paneer cheese...seriously, everything is so good.  There are always SEVERAL vegetarian options, which is rad.  I'm a meat eater myself, but spent about seven years being vegetarian, and I still appreciate the options when they are presented to me.  They always have a fresh supply of naan and rice - both of which are always piping hot and of a good texture.  I was worried at first about the naan holding up to being on a steam table, but it does so quite well.The weekend lunch buffet is around $12/person, which is WELL worth it for the quality of the food and the variety of offerings.  Be advised that a reservation wouldn't hurt, especially if you are going in a group of more than 4 people.  This one time, my friends and I showed up to eat lunch on a Saturday, and the parking lot was full to overflowing, and there were FOUR TOUR BUSES in the back.  No joke, the IP was hoppin' that day.  It's even pretty hoppin' when there isn't a bangin' party, so again - consider those reservations.If you're braver than I am, you can try the fennel seeds with sugar on your way out.  To me, that's not dessert, but I've been told it's oddly refreshing.  Who knew?!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,7/14/2012,10,103,2,3,2>As far as I know, this is the only Chinese bakery in town. They are also better than any Chinese bakery in the pacific northwest outside of Vancouver, B.C. There egg tarts are flaky with fantastic custard. The wife cookies are the best I have ever had (wintermelon cookies). The curry beef and BBQ turnovers are perfect with the curry turnovers with the perfect amount of spice. The also make excellent lotus paste pastries including awesome moon cakes. Their sweet rice cakes are generally good but I've had some that were a little stale before as well. They also do noodle soup that is fantastic and good roast duck. Their duck is very reasonable price and better than any of the Chinese restaurants...even Hong Kong Noodles and way better than any Szechuan place (which generally can't seem to make a duck crispy.) This is a cash only place with metered street parking only.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,7/13/2012,26,28,3,7,6>The transition from New York City to the Twin Cities was made much easier by my discovery of the Strip Club.  Prior to supper here, I had felt completely underwhelmed by most places I had chosen to dine in the TC.  From the drinks, to the ambiance, to the service, Strip Club is top notch.  The view of Saint Paul from this place is phenomenal.  We started with the Nameless Lover (her) and Cobra Kai (him).  Habanerno bitters, need I say more?The deviled eggs and tenderloin tartare were both fantastic.  I chose the filet, which didn't really need a sauce, but ordered the Tuscan Titillation just because it was fun.The place does get quite busy, so make a reservation.  You'll likely have to wait at the bar anyway, though, which really isn't a problem; the more delicious drinks, the better!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,7/12/2012,50,47,8,10,7>This place has the best chicken in the Twin Cities. No doubt about it.It's a tiny little store-front with two white boards worth of menu items.  Avoid the one on the right.  It's typical Cantonese-style food with no real life at all.  I tried a few things on that side, foolishly thinking "why would I order chicken at a Chinese restaurant?".  I now lament those wasted trips suffering through very average sweet and sour chicken.  *sigh*Then, one day I tried the food on the left.  I got half a chicken with fried rice and will never look back.  The batter is light and flavorful, the chicken is tender and perfectly cooked.  I'm literally day dreaming about it right now as I type this.The fried rice comes in a TARDIS. You open the teeny-tiny little box and end up with a plate full of rice.  It's amazing.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,7/11/2012,99,297,2,5,3>Sadly this place is not a restaurant, or even a sandwich deli.  I guess that means I'll need to learn to cook with my new Polish cookbook.  This grocery store is the real deal; like all those markets on Lake Street that leave you in a daze if you don't speak Spanish.  Well, you might want to brush up on your Polish in order to navigate this store.  Everything is in Polish!  You must head to the back corner though.  Pierogis are a language that anyone can understand.  They have them in every flavor; potato and cheese, mushroom, beef and pork, sauerkraut, cherry, and strawberry.  And that is not the end.  Stock up on pierogis and peruse the shelves.  And if you are like me, you'll be in amazement as this great Polish family.  I wish my family was as Polish as this.  Hopefully they can teach me some of the ways...
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,5/7/2008,551,597,4,4,5>We just wanted a quick bite... nothing to extravagant... we bypassed the Applebee's (UGH) and saw the Big Bowl... the atmosphere was actually quite romantic and fabulous... the dining room glowed.  They even make there OWN homemade Ginger Ale... NICE! The thai-chinese fusion menu is packed with dumplings, pad thai, steak lettuce wraps (which i ordered).... SO GOOD.  My husband and I just ordered apps to share... and we were quite satisfied. What a pleasurable experience... and quite shocking for a random meal....  AND IT WAS IN A MALL--- impressive.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,5/6/2008,19,128,4,5,5>I was here a long time ago, but I still remember it like it was yesterday.  Well, ok, more like as if it was a week ago, but the point is that it made an impression on me.We went there for my wife's birthday and both had great meals.  The portions were huge and we both came away with leftovers.  I don't remember what it was I had, but I remember really enjoying it.  It was much better than you would find at that Australian-named chain.  I would guess that I had the prime rib because that is what I generally get at these places.Given that Porterhouse is a little more upscale than a place whose waiters wear flare, I knew there was no danger of a public humiliation if I asked our waiter what they do for birthdays.  He said they give a free cake.  I thought, great... a little something to top off our already stuffed stomachs.  They came with a 10" square cake!  It was huge!  The cake itself wasn't all that special, but it was definitely an unexpected gesture.  Needless to say, we had to bring home about 3/4 of it.I drive by this place once in a great while and would like to go back.  It's tucked away in the Northwest corner of 35E and Little Canada Road.  It's easy to miss as it's a rather nondescript building.  I would put it in the class of one of these downtown ala carte places and you won't have to worry about parking.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,5/5/2008,76,44,4,4,4>Oh, I love this place. It makes me miss California a little less. First off, the ambiance is wonderful. Despite claiming it is a cafe, you can treat it like a restaurant. There are usually interesting (but unobtrusive) pieces of art on the high shelves, and the lights are in what look like hand blown glass sconces. The clientle tends to be young and well employed, and probably hops to the bar next door after eating. You can come in jeans and a t-shirt or dressed for prom and fit in either way.The pizza is pretty good, but go for the desserts. Amazing. Order at the counter, but you can keep a tab.If you like this place and you're ever in the East Bay, you should try Jupiter! The similarity is half of why I love this place.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,5/4/2008,84,289,4,7,6>I don't know why all the hate here.City Pages is the free weekly paper, which in my experience most cities have. City Pages is as good if not better than any other I have encountered.Many people just grab it for the nightlife/weekend plans type stuff. I actually enjoy a lot of the probing articles of dysfunctional metro issues.Some recent highlights that spring to mind:-City Pages uncovered that the city's sexual assault unit had been stripped of officers, leading to a substantial drop in solved cases. Most of the officers had been reassigned to "on the street" duties, making sure suburbanites feel safe coming down to Block E on the weekends.-City Pages has always been good about reporting the misdeeds of the meatheads in the Minneapolis Police Department. The assault on the August Critical Mass ride was well covered, as are minor incidents, such an officer's threatening behavior towards a family waiting at the towed vehicle lot (unfortunately for the meathead, the father of this family was a Judge).-A recent story focused on local Iraqi war vets, the failures of the VA to meet their needs, and the suicides that often result.I don't read the entertainment reviews very much (not for any particular reason), and I find the occasional fluffed up cover story obnoxious (recent ones include "inside a secretive bible camp" and "new drug menace"), but otherwise I enjoy the paper. Recently departed restaurant critic Dara Moskowitz is dearly missed.Starting with the snarky blog style quick bits (look here for the latest mockery of Michelle Bachman) and ending with the snarky sex advice of Savage Love, safely nestled within the ads for gay sex chat lines, reading the latest City Pages is something I look forward to every week.It hadn't really occurred to me review the weekly paper. It's just the weekly paper! To me, that's as much of an institution as the power company. It informs, it entertains. What more do you want?
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2008,5/3/2008,128,296,6,9,10>When I go to a thrift store there are three things I look for:  --Cheap Books that aren't yellow and don't smell.--Velvet Art so I can Laugh-At-Loudly.   --The Blank Slate Design Section which in layman's terms is typically referred to as the sweater rack.  I'm a confessed fiber junkie and because I received a sewing machine for my birthday last year I decided to try my hand at chopping up old sweaters and sewing them into one-of-a-kind purses and bags.  And this is where the thrift store came in.  As far as I'm concerned, a thrift store is a thrift store is a thrift store so they only get 3 stars even though I like them.  This is probably one of my favorite thrift stores to buy old wool sweaters from because the ratio of cleanliness to selection is consistently good here.  It's also HUGE and when you pay with a credit or check card (which they do accept) the employees don't give you the evil eye. The prices are somewhat higher than what I've seen at other thrift stores but I'm willing to fork over the extra cash if it means there's a slightly better selection and there's a slightly smaller chance of contracting scabies because some anonymous creep didn't wash their garments before donating them.  For under $20 I can usually walk away with 4-6 quality wool sweaters which can then be perfectly shrunk, cut up and sewn back together in the shape of a purse.  Add one fat quarter of funky fabric lining and some cool embellishments--et voila--a new bag!
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,5/2/2008,1352,418,6,9,5>So . . . I pretty much give all churches I visit a five because i am not sure one can really give a good review after one visit. I was visiting MN to officiate a wedding and being away from my own congregation I always try to visit somewhere else.Remember that this was one person's - a pastor no less - perspective and if you are looking for a church, you must give it more than one or two visits.Spirit Garage was a good overall experience and if i were looking for a community it would warrant a return trip or two.The things I enjoyed- The band was solid.  Most bands do not pull off doing secular songs very well, but they were solid;- Leadership was diverse in terms of male/female;- Pastor was talking to this community;- Casual feel- Multigenerational- Easy parking- Theologically groundedStuff that didn't jive with me- Where are all the brown people?  I understand this is MN and might be why I would not move here, but there were only three non-White folks in the space of 70-80 people.- Hard to create talk back in a theater style setting.  Everyone is facing forward so are not looking at each other.Again, one visit so check it out for yourself.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,5/1/2008,12,12,6,3,4>Quintessential Minneapolis awesomeness. Putting aside the facts that their vegan cheese and fake chicken topping are simply without a peer in this city or any other I've been to; that they include a "Message to Vegans" on their Web site, affirming their commitment to ethical living; that their drivers commute in adorable electric mini-cars and dress up like superheroes; that they refused to charge me the time I ordered a pizza drunk, fell asleep, and completely wasted their time and money; that they invest proceeds in the community, emphasize locally grown produce, and just generally represent; that ...Okay, despite all of that -- the reason to go to Galactic or order in is that the pizza is good. True story.Also, one time I asked a driver to pose for a picture with my girlfriend. He agreed. I said, "Awesome!" He pointed to the 'A' emblazoned on his superhero shirt and replied, "Well, I am *Captain* Awesome." It was funny.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,4/30/2008,47,130,4,5,4>Best hang over food ever!Still need to see a show here but the food and bar are awesome. Not too many places where you still see people with green mohawks but if that's what you are looking for, this is the place to be.I had the veggie biscuits and gravy and it was heavenly.Will always try to make it here when I am in the "cities".
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,4/29/2008,262,291,6,8,6>Bulldog was recommended to us by a girl working in a local store (Robot Love, I think it's called) when we asked her where to get meat. See, my bf would never find something he'd like at French Meadow. She said Bulldog (she made it clear that she's a vegetarian, and was a little taken aback by our request, but cooperated and said that she substitutes veggie dogs for the dogs on the menu).  We were there during the afternoon so it was not noisy, but a little chilly. I really liked it in there-- yes, there are TVs showing sports, and yes, I can see how it would be loud when crowded, but overall it felt like a simple, nice neighborhood bar, and the food was good. I mean, come on, tator tots! Need I say more?Probably not, but I will. My bf had the coney dog, and he liked it so much he asked if we could return the next day. I had the turkey/avocado sandwich which was really good! (Surprisingly, the avocado was perfect-- just ripe, not brown & very tasty). And who doesn't love tator tots? Only some kind of weirdo or terrorist wouldn't like tator tots. And of course, the most important thing for me: Newcastle on draft. None of that skunky, disappointing Newcastle in a bottle. (WHY on earth would anyone serve Newcastle in a bottle?) Is there anything more delish than tator tots with Newcastle? If there is, I haven't had it. I've read the other reviews, and I have to ask: Mark, did you ever actually eat at Mud Pie? OMG, it was not good. I gave it seveal tries, and it was overpriced and simply Not Good. I say to vegetarians: go to Bulldog, have a veggie dog, tator tots, and a Newcastle. It would work out to the same price as one of the entrees that Mud Pie had, except it would taste good.                                                           *  *  *And on a sidenote: Long live the smoking ban! I live in Milwaukee, where I would never dream of ordering pub food. MAYBE if I was sitting outside at the Palomino, but inside a bar, no way. The smoking ban in Minneapolis (and soon the whole state) makes me want to move back to my homeland all the more. It was the first time I could actually breathe at First Ave in the over 17 years since I saw my first all ages show there.  You Minneapolitans are lucky, lucky people. You don't have to wash your hair and your clothes when you get home from being out in a really fun, attractive city. Minneapolis rocks!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2007,4/28/2008,4,11,6,4,4>If you want to be a part of the "I think I am cooler than you crowd" that acts like what they see in the movies, then this is the place for you. A hot spot for all the Minneapolis pretenders and snobs dressed to the nines like its prom night on a thursday, I have to admit, it has good food and amazing happy hour specials.  I have always had fun at chino, which is why I continue to go once in a while, but I would only go with my real friends. Trying to have a conversation with a random there is about as fun as fun as talking to an accountant. Boring! The girls are caked with so much makeup that they look like clowns, but after a dozen 10 dollar drinks, they look like hollywood models. Try the guinea pig. i bet it tastes better than it looks or sounds. All in all, just dont go there sober.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,12/15/2011,157,246,5,5,5>The biscuits and gravy were the perfect start to my day.  Scallion biscuits with a rich gravy paired with a cup of coffee made me want to cheat on dinner more often.  Everything inside was classic and had actually been around for a few generations.  The hashbrowns were magic.  Crispy and not greasy...that takes a wizard.  Amazing!Great spot for breakfast with a small group.  Beware, the servers have favorites and may give you the cold shoulder if you're not a reg.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,12/14/2011,147,345,2,3,4>We have been here twice now. Once for Breakfast and once for Dinner. The Breakfast was pretty darn good. I had the Eggs Benedict and my hubby had an omelet. My eggs were disappointing until my husband handed me the lemon wedge from his water glass - All the  Hollandaise needed was a little lemon and suddenly it was awesome. The speed that they got our food to us was amazing. They constantly filled our water glasses. The hash browns were crisp and delicious. The dinner was on a freezing Friday Night. We got in at 7:00 on a Friday without reservations - although I heard people had to wait not long after we got through - so reservations are probably a good idea. The place was VERY noisy - we had a hard time hearing each other. On Beth and Jack's recommendation I got the beef fire roasted kabob which was over the moon good. Best beef I have had in a restaurant in a very long time. The rice was also amazing - buttery an flavorful. I almost always leave my rice and this time I just kept eating and eating. So good! My husband had the Chicken sun-dried tomato salad and a bowl of chicken vegetable soup. He loved them both. I was also very pleased with the wine I had. I had a glass of Cavit Pinot Grigio and they poured a generous glass. We passed on desert but our neighbors had a slab of chocolate cake delivered to their table that made me regret that. It looked amazing! Maybe for a treat on my next Birthday... This place has pleased us twice in a row and will be going into our Go-To restaurants.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,12/13/2011,60,359,3,5,1>I've had some great steaks in my life both in and outside of restaurants. This is most certainly in my top 3. Pittsburgh Blue from start to finish was incredible. And as a carnivorious little food snob it can be hard for me to be impressed. And full disclosure, I worked at a steakhouse in New Orleans so when it comes to steakhouses I'm even harder to impress. On our table: 2 dry aged ribeyes, and one bone in dry aged ribeye (which was the special), spinach and mushroom gratin, asparagus with hollandaise and a large order of fully loaded mashed potatoes. Everything was a foodgasm in your mouth! The only thing I was slighlty disappointed with was the spinach and mushroom gratin and only because for my personal taste it could have used chunks of shroom instead of slices. The flavor in it was great I just like chunks of mushrooms. Not too overly buttery and creamy. Just right. The asparagus was MASSIVE!!!! But what struck veggie awe in me was that it was still tender! Amazing. The hollandaise on it was perfect too. I love that they put it on the side. I have an obscene obsession with asparagus so I like it without the sauce but adding it was perfect. The only place I've had better asparagus was at the steakhouse I used to work at. They put some cajun seasonings on it then grilled it. The loaded mashed potatoes were great too. I mean there is only so far you can take loaded mashed potates and they took them as far as they could. Great cheddar cheese and very tasty bacon on em. Now to my favorite two parts: the steak and the red velvet cake, which, pardon my cheesy pun, takes the cake. The red velvet cake was GINORMOUS! But god damn was it delicious. I'm not an expert but I've had lots of red velvet cake in my life. This was the best I've ever had. What can kill any cake is the frosting. The frosting was perfect. Rich and creamy and sweet but not overly in either category. There was the perfect amount too. Not too much. Plus they served it with Sebastian Joe's Black Cherry Ice Cream. What's not to get excited about? It complimented the cake perfectly. The steak was sooooo good. Cooked perfectly medium with a nice crust on it topped with a tiny bit of butter and some seasoning. Again it complimented and enhanced the steak without masking the beautiful taste of the tender gorgeous meat. Another thing I love about this place is the decor. It's masculine and steakhousy without feeling like it's a boys club. I love this place and yes it is pretty damn expensive but it is worth it. It's a special occasion type of place for sure but it's a memorable meal and service.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,12/12/2011,109,121,6,5,4>If you like the smell of incense, this place will make you happy....Immediately upon entering the doors of Down in the Valley...you will be greeted with the welcoming smell of patchouli and sandalwood.  Most times, you are also greeted by a semi-happy-counter-person.  You will be watched like a hawk while in the store by said semi-happy-counter-person.This is the only thing I don't like about this store.  I feel all paranoid and uncomfortable - like they are seriously expecting me to steal their random strange little doo-dad's.  Settle down semi-happy-counter-person...I have never stolen anything in my life & I'm not about to start by stealing one of your $5 kitschy Jesus magnets!   Aside from the watchful eye...this place is great.  You can buy incense, a Big Lebowski action figure, a skull figurine, rock posters, vinyl records/CD's/DVD's, "tobacco" pipes & accessories, First Avenue Concert tickets (cash only), t-shirts, and a whole ton of other random stuff...Yay for kitschy stores like Down in the Valley!  Also, if you spend enough time in there...you leave wreaking of incense...and, to me, this is a good thing.. :)
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,12/11/2011,30,77,1,7,3>Downtown Saint Paul really needs this place. That being said, this place is just outside of downtown but within walking distance if you are cruising the downtown area. The whole live music scene in DTSP is really limited. You have Wild Thymes bringing in a variety of great local talent in the form of 5 different bands 4 nights weeks, then you have the Artist Quarter filling in the jazz niche with a cool vibe and then round it out with Station 4 keeping the young Goth crowd head banging into the wee hours of the night.  That leaves The Minnesota Music Cafe to cater the 35+ crowd that's looking for everything from Blues and Classic Rock to acts like Boogie Wonderland and national acts like Jonny Lang.  I'm a little disappointed that this place doesn't bring in as many national acts as the pictures on their walls suggest, but I'm still a big fan of what they bring to the Saint Paul area.As for the layout, this place is a great place to see a show.  With an elevated stage and a sunken dance floor the whole place has great site lines from both the main seating area as well as from the bar. As for the food, I haven't tried it yet, but the portions look huge and they serve the full menu right up until closing.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,12/10/2011,27,37,4,4,5>I got 9 books for $25.77!Paperback Exchange is wonderful. It's not exactlyy an exchange, per se, but you bring in your old books and get 70% off of their entire selection of used books, which is extensive. If you don't trade anything in of your own, all of their books are still 50% off. It's pretty cramped, but it's cozy and I kept discovering secret rooms as I moved further into the store. And god knows I love secret rooms.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,12/9/2011,108,154,5,6,5>Jimmy's is my new "place", that I preferably want to frequent sometimes, often, or rather everyday if possible.  First off, I have yet to meet the owner himself (Jimmy), but let me tell you, TONY is my new favorite bartender in town.  He prepared us some delicious hot dogs, drinks, and explained the hilarious story of the $98.00 frozen TV dinner on their menu. Then, after finding out that we were all graduating from college, he poured all (nine) of us celebratory shots,and even took one with us.  Microwaved popcorn, "beer sticks", and the largest plate of nachos is on the menu as well, so come hungry and excited for a great crowd & meal.Everyone in the bar was SO welcoming and gracious.  I want to move to NE now, just because of Jimmys, and the great neighbor hood feel of this place.  ALSO: as Neal P stated, they serve FREE White Castle every Sunday morning AND they have Price is Right viewing parties (Hilariously awesome),  where every time someone spins a dollar, everyone in the bar gets a free drink.Bring cash, but you'll probably be fine with $10 in your pocket.  My tab totaled to a whopping $3.75 for a polish hot dog & chips, and most of their beers run for around $3.00.Get to Jimmy's this instant, you will not regret it.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/8/2011,4,32,2,2,3>I've been back to Sun Street a LOT since my last review. I was finally able to try that biscuits and gravy.....kinda wish I could just bottle the gravy and take some home with me :) By far, my absolute FAVORITE is the Southern Fried Sandwich....which is served as an open face biscuit sandwich with a piece of fried chicken, bacon, and that awesome sausage gravy on the side. Kind of a heart attack on the plate, but I don't care. So delicious. So good.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,12/7/2011,56,105,1,3,2>I adore Muddy Waters. It's getting a little pathetic, whenever planning a date destination with friends I shamefully ask if we can just go to Muddy Waters another time. I love it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.On my last visit I went for brunch with a friend and we decided to split a couple of things. We got the breakfast pizza that you can pick the toppings, we chose sausage and onions. The pizza came out and it was huge, like split between four people huge. It was so excellent though that we ate almost all of it. We also split the French Toast Bread Pudding, having never met a bread pudding I didn't like, I knew I had to try Muddy Water's version. It did not disappoint. It was served warm with syrup and a big glob of whipped cream.I have to give a special shout out to the bloody mary at Muddy Waters. The spice level is PERFECT! I like my bloodies spicy and not too thick and this bloody meets my criteria. Service is always top notch, friendly and attentive. The food and drinks are great and you won't spend your whole pay check in a visit.  So worth a weekly visit.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,12/6/2011,97,67,5,2,4>If you've graduated from the IHOP short stack and ready for big kid pancakes, Maria's will gladly accept you.Friends I was with had the renown corn pancakes with cotija cheese (Mexican crumbled cheese) and a raspberry pancake, all of which were delicious. I, however, paid homage to my South American roots and had the plantain pancake topped with cotija cheese; the perfect blend of sweet and tart. For the record, the cakes are huge. If you're decently hungry, one cake with a side of bacon is plenty. You could easily get the normal pancake (it's great), but don't sell yourself short. Be bold, earn your pancake badge, make Aunt Jemima proud.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,1/7/2012,14,38,2,4,2>Pat's Tap reminds me of a bar that you might stumble upon on a road trip after stopping for gas in a small town. Dark, small and retro. But five minutes into your visit, you know that it is much, much more than that.Yes, it's a small place with a dive-bar vibe, but clearly a lot of thought went into the decor - and everything else for that matter. From the custom wall paper to the quirky orange glass chandeliers, the place does retro right. The bar holds a pretty decent selection of tap beers including some rotating seasonals (although they need to get better about updating the beer menu - they didn't have several of the ones listed) as well as a nice wine and cocktail list. On a weekend night, you can expect a bit of a wait, but they give you some things to keep you busy. Toward the back of the dining room there is a pool table as well as several old-school skee-ball machines. It screams gimmicky -"Look how kitschy and retro we are!" - but it's also a lot of fun.I love me a good brewski, but the food steals the show at Pat's. I've been for lunch and dinner, and I rate both meals near the top of my Best Meals Ever list. On the app side go straight for the Gougeres... I mean, they are essentially tiny cheesy popovers. The pork belly skewers were a bit disappointing. For lunch I had the chicken sandwich with amazing sauce. I'd never had Harissa, whatever it is, it's good. Our dinner visit I had the red wine braised chicken. It comes served on a bed of red potatoes and carrots - and they're the slow-cooked kind like I used to get when my mom would make a roast. MMmmm. The chicken falls right off the bone, and that makes me happy.The service was decent - it was a busy night, but our server did his best to keep us hydrated and the food was served promptly. No complaints.As is the case with any neighborhood joint in Mpls, parking can be a chore. It's all street parking, so if you're going on a weekend you may want to skip the high heels as you may have to walk a couple blocks.The bottom line - this place rocks. I cannot wait to go back to Pat's and see what other amazing things the menu has in store for me. You should definitely put it on your list of places to hit in the new year.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,1/6/2012,82,170,2,5,3>Looking for a few new cooking tips and want to get treated like royalty? Then make a trip to "Kitchen in the Market".  They recently expanded their space in the Midtown Global Market and now offer cooking classes, rent commercial cooking space and have a small retail outlet. I was lucky enough to participate in a class offered by chef Jenn Geisheker (Roving Dish Catering) on appetizers. When we arrived we were greeted with glasses of champagne and before we started in the kitchen there were veggie trays and roasted nuts to munch on.There were not only demos for the class but then we all got to participate too.  We dined on salmon cakes, grilled asparagus and kale chips.  You might call those  a "healthy" version of potato chips. We also made some romesco sauce (for dipping) that I realized I'm now addicted to.  Learned a few things and besides all that each one of us came home with a HUGE tray filled with all the leftover food that we hadn't already devoured. Certainly worth the $25 cost for the class itself. I have to say Tracy Morgan (who helped design KTM) couldn't have been nicer to us that evening.  She kept filling our glasses with champagne, provided us with bottled "basil" water and saw that everyone in the group was taken care of. It was a fun and interactive class and will certainly be back for more.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,1/5/2012,24,24,6,4,3>One word: stupendous.The espresso here is unreal. The baristas are friendly, and they have an ahMAZING bakery- dare I say better than Dogwood?They have the usual drinks here and then they have things like the breakfast latte: maple syrup & bacon. Haven't tried it yet, but the miel and the usual espresso drinks are very good. I've also had the Iced Nuts, an iced mocha, and a mocha with bacon bits. Am I pregnant with bizarre cravings? No. Are the baristas magicians that could make a diaper found on the beach taste good? Yes.Go here.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/4/2012,52,160,,10,5>Saint Paul continues to evolve, and Amsterdam B&G is a great addition to an otherwise nondescript portion of downtown.  Consider Amsterdam to be akin to the 331 or Cause over in Minneapolis...and similar bands to frequent the stage.Parking?  Park next door in the ramp, you'll have to drive around to 5th Avenue, but you can get validated parking in the bar...so parking is FREE!The venue?  Very Open, and well planned.  The bar is very expansive, and aesthetically pleasing with a wall of bottles, and a series of booths and tables that provide ample seating should you make it to the venue early enough.  If the show is small, you can expect tables in front of the stage, which is nice when it isn't packedThe menu is distinctly dutch.  A wide assortment of small sandwiches and other appetizers makes it easy to customize according to your appetite.  I recommend the Bacon Sandwich and a side of Fries with Sauzen (you can choose two)...add a couple of local St Paul taps, and some nice European beers on the list....you don't have to drink just PBR here!The stage was small and low, and had a intimate feel to it which I really like.  The sound was very crisp, and able to take a wide range of sound.  I noticed the bass sounded really good in here...and the vocals were not under or over the music. This place has better sound than the Turf Club located over on University.  Considering we took in three bands that night for free, I'd say it was better than expected.I like this new venue, and will continue to watch for local bands that play here....it's worth the drive from Minneapolis.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,1/3/2012,354,223,6,7,6>I have to say, I was truly saddened by Preston's demise. For me, it signified the end of an era...a fishbowl-filled, Ladies Night lovin' era...and frankly, I wasn't quite ready for it to end. That being said, I am smitten with Republic.When I walked in, I was greeted by the same lovely old bar and they were playing Sims--okay, they might have won me over.THEN I saw the taps: HOLY LOCAL! I sipped on a Milk Stout while the bartender discussed how everything is locally-sourced, free range, blah-de-blah-de-blah. This conversation could have been straight out of a Portlandia episode, but being a group of three vegetarians, it pulled on our heartstrings. Yvonne W. even said that Republic might be her "New Acadia" and that's big, folks. I'm looking forward to my next visit so I can  try something other than fries (they're excellent though) and the majority of menu items are under $10 too, check it out: republicmn.com/dining.ht…Thanks for classin' up the West Bank and keepin' it local, Republic. Welcome to the neighborhood!P.S. The creepy animal heads are still there. I like to think it's Preston's way of saying "We'll always have Paris."
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,1/2/2012,72,35,8,5,4>Crowds make me tense. Super tense. Destroy all desire to dig and try on clothes. So I nearly peed myself when I saw the crowd inside Mighty Swell Vintage. It was very packed on their first day of opening weekend. I bit my tongue and shoved myself through the doors. I found it was an organized packed and just joined the line snaking through the racks. I soon forgot my anxiety when I found dress after dress that I draped over my shoulder selfishly. Mine.My usual trouble with thrift other than disorder (there was very little at Mighty Swell despite the crowds) is that I am a very tiny girl. Tiny vintage is hard to find and I might as well have two left thimbles when it comes to alterations. I tried on six or seven dresses and found one that fit me well. THANK GOD! I FOUND ONE DRESS! I was ecstatic. Like all the others, it was clean, neat and cute.I was super nervous about the group dressing room. Again, I bit my tongue and hoped I remembered to wear underwear that morning. It was actually really fun as girls tossed dresses back and forth and gave each other encouraging feedback.Also, I found size 5 1/2 shoes in great condition that I also liked! I chatted with Rae, one of the owners, and found she finds shoes that size all the time and never buys them because no one is that size. Eh hem. Cough cough. Please!Definitely buy one of the grab bags too. For $5, my "Put a Bird on It" package came with a vintage Polaroid album (and I just acquired a vintage Polaroid camera) and a cute bird tray. It was a super cute surprise.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,1/1/2012,114,185,9,7,15>O, where do I find a fine, cozy space,Where quiet time and epic talk marry,Where baristas make their coffee and grace,As if blessed by a blue caffeine fairy?There must be a place where thoughts sound so right,And the barista laughs at all your jokes,And you get to have a body, warm, tightWith strong berry notes, and caramel oaks.But this dream is for reals on ChicagoAnd Thirty-eighth. Work finally likes meWhen I do it here, with an Idido,Which is like Brad Pitt in my mug, you see.I never sleep at Blue Ox Coffee ShopBecause work gets done with this naughty crop.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,12/31/2011,84,128,6,5,6>Caffrey's is my enabler.They are located directly across the street, making it a must-eat every time I feel too lazy to cook or go to the grocery store.  When it's 2am and I want a pint of Sebastian Joe's Salty Caramel Ice cream, they are mere steps away. Dangerous.The sandwiches are really good, and with dozens of options, there is definitely something for everyone. Their  'Blue Cow' has roast beef, bleu cheese sauce, bacon, and onions. AMAZING. It's served hot and the portion is big enough for dinner and lunch! (or, if you're like me, dinner and a snack an hour later)They also have some bomb potato salad...but they serve it in these teeny cups. I wish they had bigger portions, as I wouldn't mind paying an extra couple dollars for it. Oh well. Their macaroni salad, however, isn't really a fave.The service there has been really friendly in my experience. As I said, I live super close to here, so I've definitely showed up in a leggings/sweatshirt combo with my hair looking seriously busted, and they are always nice and friendly. I've even came with my eyeliner smeared and the counter guy noticed and gave me a tissue to wipe if off! Caffrey's is a little pricier than your average sandwich place, but the quality is really good. Plus-Sebastian Joes Pints. Enough said.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,12/30/2011,62,107,2,3,2>This is one of my favorite spots in the Twin Cities for Happy Hour--- especially when the weather is nice!  They have an amazing patio outside complete with tiki umbrellas.  The new location is huge, double the size of the old location.  The inside is now a place you might actually want to spend some time.  Lots of fake palm trees, kitschy tiki decor, and even a waterfall at the entrance! I love it!There are a few different bars within the bar.  It can be kind of confusing, becuase different bars serve different drinks. So we spent a lot of time walkiing around figuring out where we could order what.  My favorite drink is the One-Eyed Willy, a crazy concoction of various alcohols mixed together and served in a ceramic mug that looks like a pirate.  I've also gotten the giant drink that serves 6-10 people, it's quite a show.  It's a thee-tiered monstrosity with smoke and flowers coming out of the top.  It is VERY strong, but pretty fun to get if you have a group.   The food here is also pretty good. The pizza is where it's at, my personal fave is the Barbeque Chicken Pizza. The crust is think and the sauce doesn't overpower.  They aren't afraid to really load on the cheese. Waiters and clientele are pretty hipster-- complete with ear guages and full sleeve tattoos. I love that laid back feel.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,12/29/2011,97,74,3,3,2>My second time to Emily's Lebanese Deli was just this past Sunday for a friend's birthday dinner. For a table for six, there wasn't much room for us downstairs due to another larger party, so we were granted access upstairs even though only one waitress was working. Another employee stepped up to the plate and agreed to be our personal attendant for the evening, and he did a superb job running up and down the stairs answering the eight million questions we asked. The restaurant atmosphere and space isn't exactly inviting or comfortable. It's dated and feels like "grandma's house," as one of my friends put it. A very cold, and sterile version of grandma's house. Nevertheless, it's endearing that the space has remained unchanged for so long, but everyone and everything needs a little face lift after awhile. We started off with an appetizer platter and ended up really happy that we'd ordered it. It comes with enough feta, hot peppers, olives, hummus, baba gannuj, and pita to feed more than six people, especially if everyone orders entrees. Due to our hefty tizer platter, we all decided to scale back our dinner options. We sampled each others' choices and were highly impressed. The stuffed grape leaves, vegetarian and lamb, are tangy and refreshingly different as they're served warm instead of cold (which is only how I've had them in the past). The rice and lentils are a mashed bowl of nothing special to look at, but oh, how they are delicious! Great flavor and mushy texture, but I don't know that I'd ever order it again as an entree. I missed meat :( Another friend ordered the meatless spinach pie, which I thought held the same kind of tang from the grape leaves and was covered in a perfectly crisp dough. As we were eating, I couldn't stop thinking about what I wanted to order and try at my next visit - a great sign for any restaurant. And, amen to everyone who votes Emily's as the best place for tabouli! You cannot skip the tabouli. I even dream of gallon-sized drums filled with it. Oh, the places we would go! Overall, our meal and experience was perfect for the type of gathering we had. The bill for six people came out to a whopping $52. The only imperfect part of our evening was some of our interactions with the staff. At a couple points, they made us feel too demanding and a hassle (which we weren't). However, we survived, and I'll definitely return soon (for I can handle grumpy people). Emily's Lebanese Deli is an iconic NE staple, and it is now one of my "where should we go for fast/delicious/inexpensive food?" staples.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,6/20/2009,66,139,10,11,10>I cannot believe some of the things I find at this store.  I grew up going to the Fridley location where they had bins full of Teddy Ruxpin parts (my innocence died that day).  Since I moved into the core cities, the St. Paul location has become my home base.  I just today bought approximately five hundred googly-eyes here, and I think that alone should qualify this shop for all-star status, but here's a little more evidence:I once created an oracle for a good friend using a porcelain doll head, a wooden platter, and a glass dome, all purchased here.I once successfully skipped school by wearing one of their all-white radiation suits and crawling on my belly in the snowy winter past the parking lot attendant at Mounds View High School without detection.I also once created a super-hero chair for a friend of mine, complete with reading lamp, fan, radio, and danger siren, based solely on purchases from this location.Bottom line, if you are mildly creative, somewhat poor, and in a bind for a great holiday gift, come to Ax-man.  My god, they will blow your blessed mind.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,6/19/2009,34,120,5,6,6>Okay - so as my friends know, I generally break restaurants into one of two categories: Great food but mediocre space & decor and Great space but mediocre food.  Cafe Lurcat/Bar Lurcat is one of the only spots in the Twin Cities that consistently delivers on both food and decor.  The bar and lounge space is gorgeous - sexy, loungy, beautiful.... it doesn't look like it should be in MN. The space is almost cool enough that I would be okay with some so-so eats.  Surprisingly, they deliver in the eats and drinks categories!  I had steak - it was great!  I had asparagus - perhaps the best I've ever had!  My husband had the fish - Delish!   The bar eats are cheap and great as well - I highly recommend the Lurcat burgers and the state fair mini donuts. Also - check out the drink menu - It changes seasonally and everything I've tried has been great!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,6/18/2009,12,15,,6,5>This is the foodie's meat market, period. Local, sustainable, slow food--all yes, all completely without compromise, and all served as if you're old friends. Specialty cuts as you like them. A spectrum of fresh sausage made right in back. An ever-evolving menu of deli items. Select artisanal cheeses. The finest sandwiches for miles. And better fish and shellfish than I ever found in my past 38 years living on the California coast.You don't need a politi-food agenda to appreciate Clancey's. Come hungry and expect to go home satiated with plans and dreams for getting busy in the kitchen with the finest stuff around.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,6/17/2009,16,22,4,10,5>Zelino is a fast-and- furious lunch outfit in the street level of the Medical Arts building. This literal hole in the wall normally has a line snaking out of it while people look over one another's shoulders & heads to stake out the menu and cooler offerings before getting to their turn (and please, do this, otherwise you are not only going to annoy the people in line behind you but also the workers...they appreciate efficiency, too.)I opt for the dill-laden egg salad sandwich and  tomato basil soup. The cooler has a great selection of pre-made sandwiches and salads and then you can get the hot-stuff when you are up at the counter. Zelino is only open for lunch and I can't pretend to understand or know that the food is coming from the same cooks/kitchen as Zelo, I can only assume. Definitely stop in for a little refresher on your downtown lunch scene. I wouldn't be surprised if it became a new favorite for fall/winter!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2008,6/16/2009,87,37,12,7,8>Saji-ya was my first introduction to Japanese food (of any kind) in the Midwest. I had been driving aimlessly through St. Paul my second week after relocating from Hawai'i, and stumbled across Saji-ya almost by accident. Lost, without map, and on the brink of starvation, washoku (Japanese food) seemed like a reassuring comfort to this Hawaiian guy.My waitress at Saji-ya was a blond with blue eyes...Scandinavian, I thought. This struck me as peculiarly odd:  In Hawai'i, the same place would be staffed by issei, nisei or sansei, all of them fluent or proficient in Japanese. But in acceptance of my chosen Midwestern path, I knew I needed to shrug this minor disturbance off. Besides, I was hungry. She turned out to be a charming server, a student at the U of M who had taken the job as a way of preparing for a year-long stint of English language instruction in Japan. Upon reviewing the menu, I was immediately baffled by Saji-ya's prices. With five dollars, one could get two full rolls of sushi at dozens of fast food sushi joints in Hawai'i. Here, that would've given me half a roll. I felt short changed. Yet again, I reminded myself that I was now in the Midwest, and needed to adapt. They have to ship this stuff thousands of miles, right? [Actually, this is historical revisionism at work. I would never have explored restaurant economics at the time. Yes...I was really pissed]. So there I was, a broke (but famished) college student who had just spent $300 on textbooks that would be conveniently outdated by the end of the quarter. I briefly contemplated dashing for the exit, but felt that would've signified a defeat of my working class, Asian upbringing. And so I did what any college student would do in this situation:  I went broke.Using my friend Visa, I ordered all manner of sushi, sashimi, teppanyaki and a few other side dishes. I noticed a few vegetarian options, but stayed away from them (this is a sushi restaurant, after all). Though pleased overall, there was a lack of consistency with my selections. I was less impressed with the nigirizushi (my favorite kind), and consequently, attended more to the better-prepared makizushi. An hour later I was Thanksgiving Day-full, and ready to sleep. Sensing a slight irritation from my server (she wanted to close her table), I ended with a few sips of sake before leaving. Buzzed and overly satiated, I must've looked like a not-as-smart-as-I-think-I-am Macalaster student as I paid for my $65 bill and stumbled out the door.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,6/15/2009,271,845,1,11,10>Various people I've spoken to have suggested that Fasika serves the best Ethiopian food in the Twin Cities. Those people are correct. Fasika is easily the best Ethiopian restaurant in the Twin Cities.While they don't have too many veg. dishes, what they do have is delicious, and prepared with grace and quality. The menu states that all the vegetarian dishes are "100% vegan" which was a nice touch; kudos to the owners or to some previous vegans who managed to get that labeling added and understood.My friend and I split a "miser wot" ($8.50; lentils with berbere sauce) and another lentil dish with unlisted spices (also $8.50). Both were excellent. The miser wot was spicy without being overpowering and tasted fresh and light. Similarly, the other lentil dish we had was served hot (temperature-wise) and had a perfect, delicate balance of garlic, onions, jalapenos and other spices; it's rare that one finds such a perfectly executed dish. More over, other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to have a hard time maintaining the freshness, texture and temperature of the food they served---dishes come out lukewarm, mushy or with an aura of day-old leftovers. Not so at Fasika, where everything was popping, bright and flavorful.The injera that came with the dish was ample and tasty, without being overly sour. This was the first time I've been to an Ethiopian restaurant where I actually ate all of the injera that they gave me.The service was warm, friendly and unobtrusive. They also gave out free small cups of coffee to every table. My only gripes are that the ambience was lacking (it seemed kind of bleak and bland like every other Ethiopian place I've been to), and at least for the beginning of our meal, there was some super-strong incense burning right in the middle of the restaurant that made it difficult to breathe. Regardless, I will definitely be coming back to Fasika in short order.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,6/14/2009,3,43,5,6,5>Wait a minute, aren't natural food stores just for d-bags, hippies and lesbians? Not if it's Tao Natural Food and Books! I live three blocks away and went there for the first time today. Here's a play by play of my first impression: Wow, it's a cute little cafe in here. That menu on looks pretty good. And what a nicely equipped kitchen. Thank god they have coffee. Dang this coffee is delicious. Mmm, real delicious. Three cups? I've never had three cups of coffee in a row in my life. I didn't have any food, but I'll definitely be back to give the avocado cheese sandwich a try.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,6/13/2009,42,103,4,13,9>i had to get my oil changed today. pulled up google maps and saw there was a place a few lights down on the street i live on. i was confused when pulling up to the place, because it looked like a car wash. and then i noticed a sign for oil changes. i pulled in and asked the attendant where i needed to go to get my oil changed, and he told me a full service car wash was included in the price of an oil change so i needed to pull up to the car wash line and an employee would then take it to get the oil changed. i left the car to be vacuumed and then put onto the car wash rollers, and i went inside. "inside" was a full convenience store and you had to walk through it. very good thinking as the place contained probably twenty or so people, and all but two or three had some sort of food or drink in their hand. i walked around, passed the cashiers, and saw this...farm3.static.flickr.com/…farm3.static.flickr.com/…they are squirt guns that shoot water out during the rinse cycle and allow you to squirt the cars on their way out. never seen anything like this before and can't believe i haven't because it's very fun. as i watched my car go through the wash, and promptly be driven to the drying station where four people went over my car meticulously, i watched the shoe shine guy at work - they have a shoe shine station inside. at the end of each drying station, a large sign over head lights up the words "vehicle ready". sure beats a guy throwing his hand up in the air to signify the vehicle being done. my car was then taken to the oil change bays, around the corner, which was on the other side of the squirt guns and had windows so i could watch them change my oil. after standing and watching them for a few minutes, i thought i might have looked overbearing, so i decided to take a seat. when i sat down, i noticed this:farm4.static.flickr.com/…live camera feeds from the oil change bays. my car was in bay 1, and you can see the engine of my car on the screen. so you can watch them do everything and erase the suspicion of car mechanics taking you for a ride by selling you things your car didn't need. included in the oil change was all fluid top-offs and they put air in all of my tires. needless to say i was quite happy with the service, especially considering they did a great job washing my car, and it was free because i got my oil changed. as i got into my car, i noticed a copy of today's newspaper in the passenger seat. very well done.a lot of businesses throw around the word "full service" and have no conception of what full service really is. this place went above and beyond any car wash place i have ever been to, and i'm glad it's close as i'll be back. it's the little things that count. the personality of the people, making waiting fun (squirt guns) and making an impression, if only to leave a complimentary copy of the day's newspaper as a takeaway. a newspaper is valued at seventy-five cents, but the impression it made on me was far greater.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/12/2009,163,151,11,8,5>Come here if you like vodka.They even make their own AWESOME Kahlua for White Russians.Atmosphere is confusing - kind of like your Great Aunt's living room meets Miami Vice, with a little Eastern European dance club mixed in.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,6/11/2009,274,290,12,7,4>WARNING: this is NOT the coffee shop to have that first meeting with TwinCitiesGuy from Match/OKCupid/eHarmony/FindLoveOnline. The inherent awkwardness of the situation will surely be magnified, just as every breath and word of your conversation reverberates throughout the expansive back room. Not that I would know anything about these things. *Cough*Total lack of audio-privacy aside, Urban Bean is a grad student's best friend, occupying the narrow space between the library and the see-and-be-seen cafe.Lots of sunlight from the front windows, plenty of outlets, free wi-fi, lots of decently sized tables to spread out your stuff, bench seating. Oh and the large area for seating in the back is totally away from the view of the barista...which means you can have little shame in nursing an iced tea for 5 hours. Bakery goods from Franklin Street Bakery! Not really a coffee connoisseur, so can't comment on that. Decent loose tea selection.They could use some more food-food (not bakery-food) though. And seriously, would it be such a problem to put up more stuff - if not for decorative purposes, then at least to absorb some of the sound??? The soft indie music helps, but not quite enough.Eh, really these things are minor...I'll probably be here a lot this summer to do work cause I'm sure that Spyhouse near my place will be packed.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/1/2013,45,124,2,5,2>I've passed by this restaurant a few times on Thurs, Fri and Sat evenings and noticed how packed and lively it looked.  That along with the menu, and reviews made me give it a try with a friend.   We went on a Tuesday, which was good given there were far LESS people. My friend and I tried the three course dinner with the wine flight. I got...RABBIT TERRINE- good, but had I known "terrine" equals cold I would have gone for something else.  It looked like a slice of spam. MALFATTI DUMPLING - good, but I was expecting more of a dough based dumpling with the malfatti incorporated somehow; not just a ball of malfatti.SAGE ROASTED DUCK- really good.  It was a nice way to end the meal.  The wines which were paired with each dishes were also good, but unfortunately I can't recall any of their names.  What's nice is that my friend was given different wines (based on her meal) so we got to sample each others and in essence had 6 wines. :-)Although I enjoyed everything, I would have certainly tried something other than the first two dishes. Given that their menu changes so frequently; I'm sure I'll get the chance to. BTW-  that big parking lot next to them (on University) is not theirs.  There's only street parking and a small lot around the corner, which we were told about, but couldn't find.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,4/30/2013,354,223,2,6,5>This is one of the neatest/most empowering nonprofits I've encountered! A friend I met sailing told me about this sustainable model and I had to try it for myself (even though the time commitment proved difficult coming from the other end of the Twin Cities).The program is open to anyone (there were a few high school students present too) and after you complete it, you get a bike! (Oprah voice) All bikes and supplies are donated, so if you need to get rid of a bike you should really consider bringing it here. Participants complete six hours of volunteering and attend two classes, then are free to work on their bikes during any open hours. You're not only getting a bike, but also learning how to build and repair bikes as well. I only made it to the orientation, but plan on jumping back into the program next spring because I loved watching everyone help and learn from each other. One guy was building a bike so he could ride it to his job everyday. How cool is that?
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,4/29/2013,30,133,3,2,3>Guild is an absolute gem.I wandered in last weekend  as I was on a mission for a gift for my mom (and had just made a quick trip to Trader Joe's a block away).   I didn't end up finding what I was looking for, but it has definitely earned a place on my "must stop for Christmas shopping" list.I loved  how everything was curated and it was really easy to browse.  There's a nice mix of vintage, upcycled and new product (although the "new" product seemed to be mostly in the front of the store near the windows) and the lovely ladies holding down the fort were super nice, but not pushy.  They also had a sweet assortment of drinks and light snacks at the entrance to make the shopping experience a little more like visit to your classy aunt's house.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/28/2013,126,98,2,9,6>Marina offers halal Mediterranean cuisine along with a service which is par excellence and prices that are a bargain considering the value you get in return.I have visited this restaurant regularly for the past 10 years, at no occasion have I been disappointed by the freshness of the food or the quality of the service. It is truly a cultural and culinary experience.Furthermore during Ramadan, the whole place bursts in to this festive spirit during Iftar (Breaking Fast) time and yes I have seen many other local Minnesotans join in the festivities here.You can also request a complimentary Tea at the end of your meal which helps with digestion.There is a parking lot which on most days has parking available.The bathrooms could be a little cleaner but with the amount of traffic that they have, I can only imagine the difficulty of maintaining that but still wanted to lay down as a feed back.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,4/27/2013,43,176,2,3,2>First things first: Bursting Boba!  What are they?  Are they from another planet? They must be, because they are so darn yummy and strange all at the same time. They are these tasty little fruit juice flavored balls that have an outside like the skin of a grape and the inside like candy/juice fruitiness.  They come in all different flavors, including cherry, (my favorite), mango, kiwi and a few more. Best combo ever!  Tahitian Vanilla, cherry boba, coconut and cheesecake pieces$6.00 yogurt you say?!  Yes, it's possible and easy to do, but oh so rewarding!  The punch card gets you a free one after only 5 punches.  And I think there is a happy hour with 10% off after 3.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/26/2013,134,345,2,3,4>On a whim, I stopped in to Cap's Grille a couple of months ago when I had time to kill in the South Minneapolis vicinity, and ho dang, am I glad that I did!  Cap's is a cute little place by the light rail tracks, and I'd wondered about it for years.  I never made it there when I lived in the area, so when the opportunity presented itself to go for brunch, I was all over it.Interior decor is kind of kitschy but cute - not overwhelming.  It definitely looks like a greasy spoon diner, though I guess they are known for their BBQ, and not necessarily their breakfast.  Since it was a gorgeous day, I decided to sit on the patio.  Service was ok - a gaggle of teenage girls that give the impression of this being their first summer job.  It was a bit lacking at times, but the rest of the experience more than made up for it.The patio was bright and sunny, and I was able to sit and read during my meal for about an hour and a half without feeling like I was hogging up a table that someone else wanted.  It filled up while I was eating, but more people sat inside, so it was nice to not feel rushed.Food.  OMG the food.  Breakfast skillets arrive at your table in a skillet.  I had the farmer breakfast option - something like two eggs, toast, bacon, potatoes, all for around eight bucks.  I've had similar breakfasts elsewhere in town that cost more and weren't as good - this was the. best. breakfast.  Bacon was perfectly crispy, eggs were light and fluffy, and the hashbrowns...I don't even like hashbrowns, and these were amazing!A friendly gent was ringing people up at the front counter.  He asked how everyone's meal was in turn, and was genuinely interested to know how everything was.  He thanked you and asked you to come again if you had a good experience, and asked what could be done differently if you had a bad one.  Long story short, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/25/2013,56,128,,4,2>Went here for a late dinner on a weekday and it was fairly busy, but was seated right away. The space is very open, with simple decor. It's a very small and intimate space, ideal for groups of 4 or less. And the food, oh yes! It was excellent! Started with the pork ragu gnocchi - the gnocchi was very light and pillowy (not sure if that's an appetizing descriptor), and the ragu was hearty with a robust flavor. Also started with a side of mushrooms which were very tasty, a good compliment to the gnocchi. Next were the scallops and pressed chicken, both of which were fantastic. The scallops were large, flavorful, and cooked perfectly and came with tender baby potatoes. The chicken had a flavorful, caramelized exterior and was very tender on the inside. It was served on a bed of creme fraiche, which was delicious. Before the meal we also got a complimentary plate of snacks which included "grandma's" pickles, tasty Parmesan crisps, mixed nuts and herbed butter and bread.I am loving small plates restaurants more and more because I love being able to try a variety of dishes. The Gray House is a great place for that. A bit spendy, but worth throwing down for once in a while.The waitstaff was very attentive. The chef himself even brought out all of our dishes!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,4/24/2013,10,44,6,6,5>Hot Plate is the type of place we need more of in the Twin Cities.  It's a little diner tucked away in a neighborhood with incredibly friendly staff, fun atmosphere, and alright food.That paragraph could probably stand alone as a fair review for the joint, but let me tell you more.There are some paintings of poodles that were staring at me the whole time we were eating.  Plural.  As in, more than one painting of a poodle.  They looked simultaneously surprised, suspicious, and creepy.  I could not have been more amused by them.  And so goes most of the decor at Hot Plate.  There's something fun to look at everywhere you turn.The clientele was, on a Friday morning, seemingly all regulars.  I love places like this.  We casually struck up conversation with our boothmates: an elderly couple who were cute as can be.  Our kids naturally attract restaurant wildlife because they're so stinking adorable (that's an unbiased opinion, by the way), and we are the types of people who love chatting with strangers.  I know.  We're weird.The food was good, not great.  I didn't need it to be great, honestly.  It's also fair to mention that I've legitimately never seen my 2.5 year old son eat as much at a single sitting.  He put pancakes and breakfast potatoes into his food hole and annihilated it like he was a human woodchipper.  I found the menu to be fairly diverse for a breakfast joint and I'm already looking forward to trying something new next time we go.Our service was A+.  Fast, attentive, and genuinely friendly.  All you can ask for.If you try this place and don't like it, you're either A) much too picky about what you eat, B) a total fun-hater: you probably don't like kittens or cotton candy either, C) delusional to the point of needing medication and/or some serious hug therapy, or D) all of the above.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,4/23/2013,87,226,3,4,3>I heard about this place from a coworker and made a few attempts on making it to this place for lunch a few times, but failed.  I finally made it last weekend and it was definitely worth the wait!It's located in the warehouse district, far away from the main drag of Hennepin; which is really nice!   Located right at the corner N Washington and 6th Ave N, you might miss this place if you don't keep your eye's OPEN.  Parking is street only; there might be a ramp nearby, but I didn't see one (it was also dark out, which added to the problem of finding one).  Right when you walk in, you're hit with the aroma of pizza :-)The place is much smaller than I had imagined, with mostly 2 seat tables and couple of 4 seaters in the back.  It's an open layout; so, you can see the bar and the entire kitchen.We only had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table.  The menu is very simple, pizza, appetizers & salads and beer.  We went ahead with the Chop Salad, the number 4 and a few drinks.  They have Surly on tap, which I will NEVER complain about!!!First came the salad and it was literally a chopped salad.  All ingredients and dressing was mixed, served in a large salad bowl, ready to be dished out.  Good flavors and well done with the presentation; granted it's pretty hard to mess up a salad.The #4 on the menu is, Meatball, Ricotta & Garlic.  I wanted to order two other pizzas on the menu, but my stomach would only allow a single pie.  The simple ingredients was well put together.  Large meatballs, which looked to be handmade, CHUNKS of ricotta cheese and a TON of garlic.  If you order the #4, bring gum/mints if you plan on going out after wards (or if you want to make out with your date!).  The simple ingredients made for a great flavor combination; they used a light layer of sauce and let the rest do the work.  My only complaint was the amount of garlic chunks; which I think could have been toned down by half.I'll for sure go again and try the #5 and grab myself another tall cold glass of Surly ^__^
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,4/22/2013,46,105,3,5,5>Homey, quaint, WISCONSIN-Y are some of the words I would describe this magnificent gem in NoHud (Not sure if anyone actually calls North Hudson "NoHud" but I like it).  They have a great selection of beers on tap and a decent menu but what really sets them  apart is their amazing pizza.  I've had all three crust types (thin, Krunchy, and Deep Dish) and all are very good.  My absolute favorite pie in this place has to be the "pizza scrambler supreme" which comes with everything you would want for brunch...Eggs, bacon, sausage, cheese, hash browns and veggies (and their "special sauce").  It is a must-have but bring a couple friends because it is HUGE.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,6/17/2011,41,111,7,4,5>I may or may not have just eaten a chunk of gorgonzola the size of a nine week old fetus.  Jaymi M. has been giving me weekly updates on the status of her "little trufflehunter," so I know this is biologically accurate.  Today the mini-her is the size of a butter coated mango!  But I digress.  My build-your-own salad from ABP was totes loaded with tiny cheese babies, and I downed that leafy beast as if I weren't acutely lactose interolant.  Followed up by suggesting Gorgonzola as a possible name alternative to Trufflehunter.  Shot down, but we've still got a few months before the mango's ripe.  Here's hoping.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,6/16/2011,209,965,7,3,3>Sometimes being a fan of a place is more about the food and atmosphere, although I do really like the atmosphere here. This place is all about the memory.One of my best friends and I ate here and had one of the best times ever. Lots of laughs at my expense. I had ordered one of their salads which had avocado which I was very excited about. Love huge chunks of fresh avocado. Not paying too much attention and diving into my salad, I harpooned one of the green chunks that happened to be one big ass pile of wasabi. I know the two look nothing like each other, but when you're lost in good conversation nothing else matters sometimes.I spent a fair amount of time in the bathroom trying to get my eyes back to their normal color and blowing my nose in hopes to rid the intense sting from the wasabi. Shiat! I have had wasabi, but never in a big chunk.The sushi we shared was alright, but somehow didn't hit the spot.Charming atmosphere, friendly service and good memories for the most part.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/15/2011,122,69,4,6,4>I need to spend more time around Lake Harriet... Walked into Clancey's on a whim, full to the brim from brunch. Clancey's display still enticed me enough to try the salmon gravlax (incredible), the pickled ramps (need I say more???!), and the smoked scallops.  I left the store with a bag of the above, along with a nice wedge of blue cheese. Dinner picnic later consisted of gravlax on multigrain crackers, main course salad of baby greens, sliced blueberries and strawberries, crumbled blue cheese, and smoked scallops drizzled in maple vineagrette. Oh Clancey's, would it were I lived closer... I would spend my whole paycheck at the counter!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,6/14/2011,223,363,,13,8>I know tofu is people, but I still love eating it. Or was that soylent green? Anyway, this little spot on Oak Street has been host to numerous restaurants in the past four years, most recently to Little Tony's. Kimchi Tofu House opened last month but I didn't hear about it until last week.A group of friends and I headed into the restaurant, which seats about 20. It's a small space, but not too unfamiliar to those living in studios or efficiencies. The special dish is of course, the sundubu chigae (or soon doo boo jigae. Koreans, get your romanization in order!) Basically a soft silken tofu stew with all sorts of goodies that comes boiling hot. Literally. Do not touch the bowl for ten minutes unless you want some cool scorch marks.For about 8 dollars, you get a generous bowl of sundubu, rice, and a series of banchan, or little dishes. Heat levels range from mild to spicy. Medium is pretty good, for those who like a little spice but also want to enjoy their food. I ordered the kimchi sundubu, which had a nice slight sour flavor. Jared ordered the curry sundubu, which is basically Japanese-style curry with small chunks of carrot and potato with the tofu.  With sundubu, you put a little rice on your spoon, then put a little stew on your spoon and eat it like that.Chopsticks are for eating banchan. Lots of dishes contain small amounts of meat, but vegetarians would get a hearty meal here. I was expecting a raw egg to mix into my sundubu, but I didn't get one. Then I noticed that most of the other patrons got one, but maybe because they were Korean or asked for it or both. I would make sure to ask for one next time. Who's afraid of a little raw egg?Carrie also ordered the no 19, which are fat rice noodles sauteed with red pepper paste, scallions, and some type of flat fish cake cut into small pieces. Pretty good, but spicy.Other folks ordered bibimbap, which looked good. They have all the toppings in the bowl and the rice came separately. The cook came by and told us "mix it, you have to mix it!" Thanks!  I'll have to try it next time.The only beverages available are water or soda. I wish they had that barley water. As a college student, I would still balk at the price to eat here regularly, but currently, I think this is a good cheap eat for when I'm feeling too lazy to cook. Bare bones decor, but judging by all the Korean college student eating there, it's a good place. Hope that it sticks around!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,6/13/2011,114,193,3,11,3>I have been waiting a long time for Bullfrog.  First, it's an offshoot from the Bulldog folks, whose restaurant/bars I strongly admire. Second, it's cajun, which is a cuisine completely lacking in Minneapolis. And third, it's a straight shot from where I live.The negatives, let's just get them out of the way first: the taps focus on pilsners and lagers. I'm a dark beer kind of gal and my husband is a fan of Belgians, so this is a stress point.  However, I had the Weihenstephaner and I'm a lifelong convert to this beer -- it's like a Belgian without that weird taste like someone mixed your beer with a cinnamon roll.  My husband tried a variety and the Rogue Maierfest was pleasant and smooth as well.  Apparently, I didn't have to fear the bar after all.Moving on to food: I wanted a true experience, so I set aside my normal "I like to eat healthy" thing and went all-out.  We started with the fried pickles.  I love pickles more than anything on earth, and these were delicious if not totally greasy beyond greasy. I liked the sour cream dip, my husband liked the peanut dip, so it worked out well.My husband had the Elvis Burger, with its peanut butter, bananas, and bacon; he'd had similar concept burgers elsewhere that he liked better. His sweet potato fries, as he put it, didn't taste like they came out of a bag.Me? I had a basket of crawdads, a cup of Bullfrog Gumbo, and a side of southern greens.  I was getting tipsy by the time the food arrived so I forgot to dump Louisiana hot sauce all over it, but eh, at least I got to try it as-is.  I'm a total n00b in the land of crawdads but I tried to eat them like the Internet told me to do and had moderate to good success... they were yummy!  The gumbo was fantastic, and the greens were bitter and full of real-bacon bacon bits that kinda left me with a meh.We finished with a bananas foster dessert.  That's definitely a dessert for two.  Tasty, tasty, tasty.Warning: we saw the po'boys coming out for other people, and they are the size of a small truck. Order with caution and/or extreme hunger.The vibe is loud yet laid back, there is plenty of seating, the jukebox is loud, the Twins were on the TV, and showing up at the right time, you might get one of the semi-circle nook booths behind the bar.I need to go back for the cajun shrimp platter.  And the muffuletta.  And one of the seafood bakes...
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,6/11/2011,164,127,7,10,7>This is my favourite Vintage shop in Minneapolis, nay - ever. This is my fave ever. I tweeted them for suggestions on a Pushing Daisies costume for the halloween parties and events that I would be attending this week - because I totally forgot to order the shameless costume I intended. My significant other and I will be Ned and Chuck from pushing daisies - and I wanted two very specific look. When I got there after work, there were some outfits already picked out for me, and she measured me and checked out my preferences for looks. Minutes later after modeling up and down the store - I came home with two outfits, and very antique-y jewelry to go with it. All with a 10% discount - if you check in to foursquare you get a 10 % discount, and if you're the mayor [ that would be me] you'll get a 15%. I'm so in love with the look, that upon coming home, I tried it on again, and then the next day and then the next day. I usually go to Blacklist at least once a month - to find something to perk up my closet, or find things that I think I absolutely need. I absolutely need everything there! But it's their beautifully reasonable prices, and just - the drop dead gorgeous outfits that makes me drool - brings me back over and over again. My last trip made me a life long Blacklister though - the two ladies that run the store are so friendly and helpful and so soft spoken. They are also some of the most beautiful vintage- dressed ladies in this city - I'm sure. There is also a seamstress at the back, to take in or let out [ hello holiday season!] if you ever need those services. There dressing room is very cutesy too - it's basically a barrel with Chinese- paper blinds. Adorable.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,6/10/2011,89,97,9,4,9>If I could give this place 87 stars I would.  Target Field is hands down the greatest ballpark in the whole wide world.  Granted, I've only been to about 8 MLB parks this one is easily the most amazing.  I've been to 12 games now and have sat in 10 different sections and I can safely say there isn't a bad seat in the house.  Words don't describe the excitement I feel every time I walk through the gates to watch a game.  The only downside is that whenever I'm there money for some reason becomes no object and I spend like I'm in Brewster's Millions.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,6/9/2011,109,121,5,4,4>Okay.  So here is the deal.  I was madly in love with the old location & very hesitant to check out the new digs...therefore...I took my sweet time in doing so...  Recently - a friend of mine, who had never been to PS's before - wanted to check it out.  Cool by me.  It was a Saturday night & I was expecting it to be busy....ooooooh lordy!  It was busy!!!The parking lot was a serious test of patience and endurance.  I have no idea why we even pulled in there, but we did get lucky & happen upon a spot.  Woohoo!Upon entering PS's - we were greeted by a lovely waterfall, a girl with pink & orange hair, and 2 enormous bouncers who checked our ID's before we could go up to Shangri La (the upstairs bar area/s).  So, we go up to the bar area upstairs...Now, I have to admit, at first I was highly disappointed by what I saw.  This was NOT the Psycho Suzi's I was in love with.  This was her evil twin (and not in a good way).  I kept my Negative Nelly thoughts to myself...  It's probably a good thing that I did, because my friend was very impressed, and she thought the place was a lot of fun - so I relaxed, let go of my fond memories of the old location, and I decided to open up my mind a bit...We wandered around tiki-madness trying to make sense of everything...We ordered drinks from one of the 3 (?) bars & I happily sipped on my fruity concoction while we searched for an open table.  We found one tucked away in a back corner & had a good view of the very interesting band (Exotik-A-Gogo).  The people watching was worthwhile - there was a "good" mix of people...soccer mom type's, "dad jean" wearing types, pink hair types, tattooed & pierced types, polo shirt types, young types, older types, and everyone in between.  Our table was sandwiched between 3 different birthday parties.  It's not as fun as it may sound.  Anyhow...seems like this is The Place to visit on a birthday...We each had another fruity drink & called it a night.I figured I'd head back to PS's on a less busy weeknight sometime to see what the downstairs might be like....Which I did last night - on a Thursday night.  Parking lot = MUCH BETTER!We had a short wait in the lobby while we waited for a table to become available.  Once a table was ready, we were lead downstairs...and as soon as I walked through the basement doors...I am pretty sure that I heard angels singing Hallelujah & I am sure that I saw a ray of light come down from the sky.  Okay, maybe not...but I was SO happy to see everything I loved & missed about the old location!  It's all there!  Same drink menu (pretty much)...same food menu...same kitschy & fun decor....ahhhh....such a relief!Basically, it boils down to this...Do you want to feel like you are on a confusing Disney themed cruise ship?  Go on a weekend where you can go upstairs to Shangri La.OR...  Did you love the old location?  Then, either go on a weeknight, or ask to be seated downstairs on a busy weekend...(PS, I'm not sayin' that a Disney themed cruise ship is a bad thing.  I'm just sayin'...)
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,6/8/2011,30,185,11,4,4>To me this is the only Red Savoy's to go to. And I hope they never get rid of the Dank.It's the kind of place on a bright sunny summer day you can walk into and have no idea what time it is. Not a trace of natural light enters the building and toothless patrons at the bar seem to enjoy that. For some it seems a tad scary. Some get a little nervous and would prefar to hang out in the parking lot.Pizza is excellent. Their crust is nothing special, I like mine a little more charred then they do. But, they put generous heapings of sauce, cheese, and other ingredients on. The crust is purely functional.It's one of St. Paul's gems and should be visited at least onceIt seems to me most of the people who dont like it come from the East Coast. This may shock you, but not every place is trying to emulate the East Coast. I hope to someday move to the East Coast and bitch how their lutefisk doesn't compare to the stuff made in Minnesota.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,6/7/2011,12,53,9,3,5>Three items in particular that are the best of the best: The lemon bar, the cinnamon and sugar donuts, and the tea cake.  If you've had them then you know.  If you haven't then you're a masochist.Last time I was in I saw a sign on the door stating that they're looking for a part-time bakers assistant.  The fact that they have a handwritten sign rather than some stupid vague craigslist add is enough to charm me.  My plan of action?  Go to A Baker's Wife every day (no skin off my back, just the unfortunate addition of a few layers of back rolls I'm sure) charm them with my wit and friendly smile, and hope that eventually they'll find my dedication to this bakery so alluring that they'll forget about the minimum of 2 years experience required for the position altogether. They'll usher me into the kitchen, where an apple pie and cold glass of milk awaits my arrival. I'll learn how to bake their perfected pastries, and end up taking over the business one day and living happily ever-after.That's how I feel about A Baker's Wife.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,2/5/2013,99,297,6,7,6>Cecils is so good that I'm sure many people would make this their last meal on earth. I've only eaten at Cecils restaurant a handful of times, but I have a friend that makes it her mission to eat here every time she is within a 60 mile radius of the restaurant. Her go-to sandwich, the Evana, is in the 'Cold Stuff' section of the menu. The Evana is smoked turkey, hard salami, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and Italian dressing on a kaiser roll. Yum!I'm thinking I might never be able to try another sandwich after eating the Rifka! In 'Hot Sutff' there is sandwich with hot thin-sliced turkey, topped with mushrooms, grilled onions, BBQ, and melted swiss on a kaiser roll. Something might be wrong with you if you're mouth isn't watering yet. But read the rest of the menu, and I'm sure it will be then.The restaurant can be found at the back of the deli. It's a bustling place. The employees make sure you are well attended to. The waitress refills your drink, another waiter brings out your food, the manager checks how it is, and yet another person drops off a napkin when they notice the BBQ running down your chin. This place works like a well-oiled machine.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/4/2013,63,95,3,6,4>Choose your kill:  we chose Rabbit Terrine, sampling of cured meats for the table, smoked beef long rib. Choose your swimmer:  we chose lobster grilled cheese and a fish that i unfortunately didn't tryChoose your drink: Sazerac, Old Fashioned and ommegang hennepin beerChoose your sides: We got cheesy white corn grits, stuffed jalapenos, fried green tomatoes, cedar planked mushrooms and blackened cauliflower, sweet potatoChoose your dessert: We got the smores and a banana pudding5 star recommendation: stuffed jalapenos (peanut butter?wow- excellent but unexpected combination), fried green tomatoes, rabbit terrine, smoked beef long rib and the drinks- ommegang beer (My second favorite beer of all time), sazerac and old fashioned (friend said "this may possibly be the best old fashioned i've ever had") Avoid the cheesy grits, desserts and the lobster grilled cheese if you're lactose intolerant.  Wait staff- don't be in such a hurry to clear the tables when there is still food on the plates. This is still my biggest pet peeve. And last but not least, the Women's bathroom- very nice. Hooks in the stalls? YES. Finally, a restaurant that gets that a woman needs a place to put her purse other than on the floor or stuck between her legs.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,2/3/2013,56,120,5,4,5>Nothing sounds less appealing than some real authentic British Pub food. So you can understand why I was so pleasantly surprised that George & the Dragon was not your authentic British pub.  Bright, spacious and packed with a range of clientele, the atmosphere is far from the typical pub and most relevant to me, the George & Dragon in Phoenix, AZ (no relation).  Gone is the dark and dismal ambiance that suits only dark and dreary climates.  Behold, Sunlight!And the food!  Our most awesome and Beautiful Tony - "BT" for short- was an excellent culinary tour guide as he took us through the menu and made sure all glasses were filled promptly.  On his recommendation, half of the table ordered the Dragon's Milk Braided Beef Rib.  The other half selected the Beef Rib Toastie and the George Burger.  We ordered Pretzel bread for the interim.This was one of those rare instances that I chose wrong.  Not "wrong" in the sense that my dinner was terrible - quite the opposite. I loved the Beef Rib Toastie with every bite, and of course, their thick cut "chips" (fries) are most excellent.  However, after a quick bite of my beau's Dragon Milk Braised Beef rib, I knew I was beat.  As I ate my sandwich, I constantly kept tabs on the pace he was eating, hoping there might be an opportunity to sneak another forkful from under his nose.  Luckily the Packers v Bears game was on and provided me a tool for distraction: "whoa! Did you see that play? NO? I'm sure they will do a replay, just keep watching....."  *SNAG*The George Burger also received excellent reviews from our dinner companions but it was unanimous - the Dragons Milk Braised Beef Rib is definitely a winning choice.  It is just one of those things that trumps all other dishes, no matter how good they are on their own.  Trust "BT" if you are lucky enough to sit in his section - he is half of the experience!I'm looking forward to going back soon and ordering my very own dinner, without plotting schemes to pilfer my beau's food.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/1/2013,93,230,3,7,5>Lola, you had me when I learned that the restaurant is named after the owner's dog; that just warms my dog-loving heart.  So I already think this place is the bees knees.  Or the puppy's paws?The food at Lola is great, but it's not my favorite pizza around.  Let me explain everything else here though that makes this a 4-star review.The huge oven makes for a great way to roast veggies.  I've had the brussels sprouts a few times and they have always been perfectly done, meaning burnt and crispy, and a tasty way to eat some vegetables at a restaurant.I also love their non-boozey drink menu.  Cheerwine in Minnesota!  Perfect.Their homemade vanilla ice cream with olive oil and sea salt is HEAVENLY.  I know, olive oil on ice cream?  Weird, right?  But it works so well.  The olive oil is almost fruity and the sea salt brings out the vanilla-y sweetness of the ice cream.  The last time I was there the server tried to convince us to get the blood orange sorbet swirled with their vanilla ice cream.  I was sad that we were all too full to try this combination that I picture to be absolutely perfect.The photo booth is the most adorable part of the place, though.  I have so much fun taking cheesy pictures with my peeps and love that people can leave them behind on the wall.  Pardon me being that creepy person gazing at other diners while I'm waiting for my table.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/31/2013,15,213,2,5,3>I continue to visit Zen Box frequently, it is such a gem to have in our neighborhood.  The food is really great and the service is really fantastic!  They always make sure that you are taken care of and it is a group effort for service and a really nice change of pace for the restaurant industry.  We even met the owner tonight who is incredibly engaged and very gracious.  The food is still fabulous and is always perfectly prepared.  We also tried the shucho (not sure if I spelled this correctly) but it is a cross between vodka and whisky.  We tried the flight and our favorite was the sweet potato...give it a whirl!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,1/30/2013,7,78,2,5,2>The tap selection is one of the best in the Twin Cities. The 30+ taps include everything from local brews like Indeed to European brews like Warsteiner. All at great prices. My favorite options are the flights offering 4 different 1/3 beers for $8-$10.The food is mainly brats and fries at the moment, both very good. The brat options include some wild exotic meats like wild boar (soo good), rabbit, pheasant and rattle snake (not kidding). They also have traditional brats and toppings (try the beer butter onions). The fries are fresh cut and offer a variety of homemade sauces (Mango curry ketchup.... get that!) The spicy ketchup and bacon-almond-blue-cheese  are also good. I imagine they will expand food options eventually given the size of the kitchen/prep area.The atmosphere is very warm and laid back. Lots of windows so you can see outside from everywhere in the space. 2 long banquet-style tables and a 10 seat bar make this a great place to view sporting events. They have an 80in hd TV and 6 - 46in TVs. Great addition to NE. I will be back... A lot!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,1/29/2013,95,174,4,5,4>I consider myself something of a Donut Aficionado, and Denny's 5th Avenue Bakery is on par with the Finest Bakeries in the Land - including my neighborhood haunt, Sarah Jane's Bakery in Nordeast.While I am generally lukewarm to the maple / bacon donut craze, Denny's 5th brought the noise with their version of this donut.  The dough had a delectable crispiness to it, and the maple and bacon flavors were merged in Perfect Unity...neither one overpowering the other.They have a excellent variety of donuts, and they are always a huge hit here at our office.  Long Live the Donut!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/28/2013,26,56,5,8,6>The Russian Tea House is like no other restaurant you've ever been to. It's located in a big old house on University Ave, across the parking lot from a Wendy's (which is convenient for parking. There didn't seem to be any signs that said Wendy's Only). If it seems out of place that's because it is, but only in the sense that it has more historical claim to that space than almost anything else. When you step inside there's just enough room for a few people to stand and order at a small counter, behind which is a large spacious kitchen area. The menu consists of just a few traditional Russian items: but note that some of the dishes, like the pelmeni, can be ordered in a variety of ways. I had a piroshki ($4.20) and a bowl of borscht with sour cream ($2.80 and apparently $0.25 for the sour cream). Both were delicious and heavy, just like Russian food should be. Truly home-cooked food. The food is mostly pre-cooked, so it was ready to go by the time my credit card had been run. NOTE: They accept Mastercard and Visa, but there is a $0.50 charge for cards, which I think is fair since this seems like a place that should be cash only. I felt kind of guilty defiling the antique feeling with my credit card.The coolest part about this place is that its homey feel does not stop at the home-cooked food. If you decide to eat in (you should!) you take your food on a tray upstairs to a big room filled with tables. It feels like eating in your grandma's attic. There is Russian artwork for sale on the walls, and just a general old-country layer-of-dust feeling in every molecule of the room. It's so perfect in every way. It's an experience that takes you far away from University Ave. Unless of you course you look out the window at the beautiful view of Wendy's.My friend made a great point as we watched the lunch crowd attack Wendy's: If you worked around here, why would you go to Wendy's for a burger when you can get a piroshki for around the same price and just as quick?Why, indeed?
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/27/2013,16,65,4,4,4>Eli's is perfect. Like perfectly perfect, not annoyingly perfect. It is just a great spot at the edge of downtown for good food, good drinks, good service, and a great environment. I have never left unhappy. Always get the mixed greens with the lemon-thyme dressing. It is amazing, and just wonderful, very bright. In my meatier days the opened-faced beef brisket sammy was a mainstay. It is really top shelf. So too, though, is the veggie burger, which I had last night! Eli's is also open really late, which is nice if you want food late night, but do not want something gross. I will say the only downside to the new Lunds is that it took Eli's highly valued parking spaces!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,1/25/2013,92,104,3,29,12>We happened upon Karta Thai as a result of another, quite popular Thai being closed for the week (bummer). We looked at the menu and thought it looked intriguing, so we ordered our food to go. The people working there couldn't have been nicer, and our food was quick and, better than anything, exactly as we ordered it! Pretty remarkable for a new restaurant. We ordered a side of spring rolls and cream cheese wontons, both of which were better than those we have gotten at other places around town. We both commented that everything was super fresh and perfectly seasoned.For our entrees, I had the pad puk with tofu. Yum! Fried (lightly) tofu, big chunks of fresh veggies, including broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, peas, carrots, and onions, in a light and tasty garlic sauce. My man got the pra-rham Karta special with mock duck. Another yum! The mock duck was doused in a coconut milk + peanut sauce, and was chock full of more fresh veggies. I got my pad puk at a spice level 2, and it was just the right amount of kick for this Minnesota girl. We walked out with a ton of food (the entrees are definitely big enough for two people to share if you order some apps) and our total was just $25. I would highly recommend Karta Thai. The ambiance is casual and laid-back, the food is fresh + tasty, and the prices are incredibly reasonable. Try it out! This brand-new joint would be happy to see your face!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/21/2013,93,230,4,7,5>Even though I came here for take-out, I could totally see this being a really fun place to hang out with friends, watching sports or just grabbing a beer and a snack by myself.  I like that there's no waiter service, it somehow makes it seem more casual and laid-back, which is very much my cup of tea.  (Mug of beer?)They have a bunch of amazing sounding brats, toppings and sauces.  I am kicking myself for choosing the potato salad over the fries because of the sauce options alone.  Bacon bleu cheese walnut?  Wildflower honey mustard?  Balsamic mayo?  Droooooool.  The potato salad was decent, however.  Sliced red potatoes with a bacon sauce on the side served hot.  I wasn't being super adventurous with my brat choice and got the Savory Italian with honey caramelized onions on top.  But next time I would expand my horizons and try the Filipino Mahartika (garlic pork what?!) with beer butter onions or the Buffalo Cheddar + Jalapeno brat with the mushroom sauté.  My mouth is watering right now...Get ye self over to New Bohemia!  You don't want to miss what they're making here.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/20/2013,25,110,3,6,3>Kitchen in the Market provided one of the most fun evenings that I have experienced in a while. It is in the Midtown Global Market and is a huge kitchen that doubles as a cooking school on some nights. I participated in a "Chef's Night Off" which features a local chef that comes in to tutor a small group (about 12 people) in making dishes that is normally found in his or her restaurant. The night starts off with a champagne toast and a brief introduction of the school, the chef, and the menu. We then had some appetizers that the chef normally prepares in his restaurant (which was a good thing as I was getting tipsy after they refilled my champagne during the introductions). We then get split into teams and get to work in the kitchen.I was on Team Pasta (best team ever, by the way) and learned how to make pasta dough and how to make various types of pasta. We learned how thin to make pasta and how we can shape it into different forms. The chef did an excellent job of moving among the teams and giving personal attention to each of us. We are also served local wines and beers while we cook, which is the absolute best way to cook.After the initial prep, the group is seated and each team prepares and serves their dish, after a brief introduction of the dish by the chef. Everything was delicious. The program was incredibly fun and I met a lot of really fun, interesting people as well. I will definitely do another class(es) at Kitchen in the Market.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/19/2013,36,255,2,3,3>Let me just preface this review: THIS IS MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN THE CITY- quite possibly across states, even! Every bite I take in this restaurant brings gastronomic warmth to my very core. It's just too bad that my wallet can't take me back too frequently.... (and tip to all you Yelpers, make a reservation as soon as you know you want to go!)Décor: It looks seemingly small on the outside, but there are multiple floors! While I am not a fan of dim lighting, this is the least of my (hardly existent) worries for this place.Service: Well-trained, experienced staff. They knew when to take away the plates and put in the new plates; great timing and was never left long with a foodless table (important for an hour+ long meal!)Food: Oh my goodness, words don't even begin. I've been a few times, so I'm not going to list out the menu, but for you, I'll list my favorites/callout's:- You CANNOT LEAVE without trying the Sea Salt Caramel Budino. Great contrast and luscious creamy texture. - I really enjoyed the duck terrine and all their pastas have just that amazing handmade properly-done texture- The bf was flabbergasted by the foie gras meatballs and I quote, "Who would have thought to put foie gras... in meatballs? It's so smart/good!"Overall: If you still don't know my opinion on this place, really.... Did you even read my first sentence???
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,5/18/2013,24,156,6,4,4>I knew I'd strive to become a 1029 regular once I ponied up to the bar and met a grey haired grandma wearing a kitty sweater that had won a pound of beef earlier at the meet raffle.  The 1029 is a perfect hole in the wall with a little gritty edge on the outskirts of the hip Northeast Minneapolis area.  I will proudly proclaim that I love the 1029.  I have enjoyed a many midweek daytime visits gorging on Smack Shack's lobster rolls (by myself)  and evenings swilling brewskis with friends while gambling and getting cray on the karaoke machine.  And guess what?  They have BINGO!
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,5/17/2013,30,108,4,4,4>The following is not a hyperbole: I F---in' LOVE THE RIVERVIEW. I wait 7 months after movies are released just so I can see them at the Riverview. There is something about the experience of this humble little one screen theater. Maybe it's in the urgency. "If I'm going to see 'Brave' today, I better be there by 12:20! Or wait for another day." I love how you can get 2 movie tickets, a medium bucket of popcorn and a package of sour patch kids for under 10 bucks. Talk about a cheap date. P.S. If that order sounds good to you, then maybe we should go out on a date. Which brings me to my predicament. I am no longer in a relationship, but I still can't help but order the medium popcorn and sour patch kids. Their candy is reasonably priced, and their popcorn (with real butter to boot!) is so tasty and perfect. I have, on more than one occasion, have eaten myself into illness at the Riverview, but I still do it because it is one of my grandest joys.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/16/2013,87,290,2,5,4>Too early to give a new brewery 5 stars? Perhaps. Indeed has only been operating for a few months now, but they've certainly hit the ground running (and I have no issues shamelessly plugging a local brewery)Indeed had the benefit of starting up after the taproom legislation was passed, which allowed them to incorporate a very cozy (and sizable) taproom into their brewery design, as opposed to trying to retrofit a space as other brewery stalwarts have had to do. The result is a large open space that is inviting and accommodating. There's also a fair amount of outdoor seating when the weather allows it, and typically a food truck on site should the drunchies set in.Their flagship beers, the Midnight Ryder and Day Tripper, are both excellent renditions of their intended styles and the handful of seasonals they have put out so far have been great (especially the Sweet Yamma Jamma, and even more so when it's served on nitro). Given the pedigree of their brewmaster (Town Hall alum for a number of years), I suspect things will only continue to get better.Also, it's definitely worth signing up for a brewery tour, even if you've been on a number of tours at other breweries. Their space is certainly unique, the tour guides are personable and their business model is certainly enviable (especially for us homebrewers that live vicariously through small breweries like Indeed).Cheers.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,5/15/2013,16,113,4,5,4>After several recommendations, I gave Maverick's a try last weekend. Maverick's menu let's you know right away that they do not cater to vegetarians. Everything on the menu contains meat. Cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, and open-faced sandwiches. Not a salad in sight. I was temped by the pulled pork and the spicy Italian beef, but knew I had to try the roast beef on my first visit.After ordering, I was delighted (yeah, I said delighted) to see the food was made to order. They dropped an order of fries, toasted a bun, and sliced the beef in front of my eyes. No cold, lifeless food here. I was really impressed with how fast the food came out, my sandwich was ready before the fries were done and I could load up at the condiment bar.The roast beef sandwich was phenomenal! Hands down the best roast beef sandwich I have ever had, Cooked to a perfect medium rare and not over-seasoned so I could really taste the flavor of the meat. They have all kinds of sauces to slop on their sandwiches, but I decided to keep it simple with a little onion and a splash of horseradish sauce. The sauce was the perfect compliment to the beef, just enough zing to bring out the beefs flavor. The fries were great too. Thin, crispy, and fresh from the fryer. Reminded me of the fries at Mikey D's without having to pray you get a fresh batch. I was really happy with my experience at Maverick's, but I've heard others complain about the price. My meal was $10.50 which is about $3 more than you would pay at Arby's. However, if you try Maverick's you will agree that comparing the two is like comparing a Oceanaire to Red Lobster. They're not even on the same playing field. The quality of Maverick's product is significantly better. Next time you're craving a roast beef sammy, I suggest you dig in your couch for the extra $3, drive past Arby's, and give Maverick's Real Roast Beef a try.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,5/14/2013,95,174,3,4,3>Lighting matters in a coffeeshop.  And everywhere, for that matter.  I digress.  Blue Moon nails the lighting.  Warm, plentiful, comfortable yellow light floods this place.  The layout is also welcoming, with plenty of space between tables and a bar counter with decorative tree limbs and lights.I walked in with my homeboy Bill S. on a Saturday night.  Said homeboy is one of the Cities' foremost Coffee Connoisseurs.  Bill knows Coffee.  Some would say he lives for coffee.  And Bill raves about Blue Moon.You should try the maple syrup vanilla soy latte.  Yes, I just strung those 5 words together, but you'll thank me when you order it.  The gentleman working the counter was exceedingly friendly, and he stopped his work to chat with us for a few minutes about their specialties.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/13/2013,22,39,7,5,6>What is there to say about the puppy dog tails at Isles Bun?  Perfection.  Heaven.  Foodgasm.  I could fill this review with superlatives, but I'll try to be a tiny bit more productive.First, the place is tiny.  Very, very tiny.  You will be lucky to find an open table, but consider this: you are in Uptown, and very near the lakes.  Who wants to be inside anyway?  Not me.  Plus you can probably inhale more calories than you can eat there, so best to head out into the fresh air.Second, the self-service frosting tub.  I thought it was left there by accident the first time we visited.  Maybe an employee put it down next to the napkins and utensils to refill the creamer, then forgot it there?  I guiltily piled an extra scoop on my order, nervously checking over my shoulder as though she might catch me in the act and come rushing back to scold me....but the scolding never came.  Lo and behold, the next visit, that frosting tub was in the same exact place.  Vindication!  This time I didn't hold back, and spread that frosting on my puppy dog tail (okay, tails) with pride.Bottom line, you should go here.  You should go here and not for one moment think about what you "should" or "shouldn't" eat, how much extra frosting you "should" or "shouldn't" put on that cinnamon roll.  No one is judging you.  We are all there for the same reason.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,5/12/2013,39,19,2,5,6>The first few times I visited Butcher & The Boar- I only got to experience their Beer Garden, which in my opinion is THE best patio/outdoor bar in the city of Minneapolis. The service was fantastic and the beer selection is amazing.A few weeks ago I had the pleasure of eating here for the first time. I was AMAZED with the quality and flavor of their food.As I glanced at the menu, my eyes became hungrier than my stomach. The server mentioned to us that everything was 'family style' so we decided to create our own tasting menu. We started with the stuffed Jalepenos. A mixture of peanut butter and cream cheese??? Didn't sound the best, but I was amazed with the flavor.We then shared the Wild Boar link- I hate mustard, with a passion... But the mustard with this link was amazing.Then we had the mother of all Pork Chops come to our table. This was straight out of the Flintstones. This chop could have fed a small country. For the size of this, I was amazed with how moist and tender it was... ALL THE WAY through!!! I would STRONGLY recommend this restaurant... They are definitely doing it right!!!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/31/2013,63,95,10,9,6>There are 11 Michelin rated restaurants in the U.S.A and, surprisingly, none of them are located in Minneapolis.  I have lived and eaten my way through some well known American cities- Boston, Los Angeles, Honolulu- and I am continually impressed with the cuisine in the Twin Cities. I've been to one of the Michelin-rated restaurants in NYC and will soon be eating at another in Las Vegas. Alma chefs- your food should most definitely be awarded a Michelin rating. Parmesan flan- yes, please. Smoked whitefish and arugula- can i have another? Mole braised rabbit?- let's cook peter cottontail!Squash soup with pork belly- the asian side of me is in heaven! Sauteed duck and ricotta gnocchi- tears of joyThe best part- the waitstaff is hip and cool and not stuffed in penguin suits.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/30/2013,105,151,6,7,6>I love this place so much, I celebrated my 30th birthday there.  Why do I love Grumpy's downtown?  Lemme tell ya in bullets, because I love bullets:- free HUGE parking lot- stiff, cheap drinks- events (monthly shows, art exhibits, fests like AMREP, and awesome things like Jewbilee on christmas eve )- friendly servers and bartenders (they won't kiss your ass, but they are pretty awesome people...I mean...it IS called "Grumpy's")-  good bar food!  I've never had a bad experience with it.  My go to: the sliders, with American cheese, grilled onion, tomato, and lettuce.  Always good, never disappoints. - fun atmosphere for everyone!  If you want to have a ruckus, rowdy time, you can (but don't be a jackass.)!  If you want to have a chill night by the bar, you can!  If you want to play pool or darts or pinball, you can!   - conveniently located near the lightrail- great patio area Just good ol' 'merican fun!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,8/29/2013,126,98,5,8,8>Forget Ciao Bella, Cow Bella is the new 'Hello Beautiful', at least in the ice cream world. This place is so very amazing in so many different ways. Say goodbye to the grotesquely overwhelming number of flavors and the copious amount of stress required to decide which flavor to get. Cow Bella offers flavors that might be low in numbers but high on quality and tastefulness. I wish restaurants and ice cream parlors would choose quality over quantity. Would you like to know what else is going great for this place? it is the very helpful staff, the clean bathrooms, the wafer that comes with the ice cream and last but not the least it is located on the ever so lively and beautiful, il grande viale. (Italian for the Grand Avenue :p)PS. There is also a 10% discount for students with ID.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,8/28/2013,155,43,7,10,10>Alyssa R, our daughter & I met up with fellow Yelper, John O, to partake in the famous All-You-Can-Eat Friday Night Fish Fry they serve here. Driving south on WI-35, off of 94, there is a billboard stating this fact of famousness. It is done between the hours of 5-8. Our GPS got us there with no hiccups. The parking lot was near packed. We squeeze into a space we wondered if was a spot at all. Convincing ourselves it was, we make our way in. The lobby was busy with families, but easy to navigate through. We hang up our jackets & ditch the car seat in the coat closet. We put our names in for a table, which we were told a 20 minutes wait for. Walking into the bar, we lookout for John O, & find him in no time sitting at the bar with a tall glass of beer from Rush River. We couldn't have been much past the greetings before we get called to our table, which happened to be right there in the bar. Our server came to ask about drinks for Alyssa R & I. We both went with what John O was having. Alyssa R wanted a smaller glass. The server said they only serve that one size in the bar, a 22oz glass. John O & I went to check out the buffet, while Alyssa R stayed behind with daughter.  This buffet reminds me of a catered buffet. It's not a permanent buffet. With steam tables & such. There is 3 separate stations. One for salad & soup. One for deserts & one for the main courses. I make my way to the salad station. Lots of toppings to choose from. Nothing too exotic, but every standard you'd expect for a salad topping was represented. Everything was fresh. Salad dressings were limited to 4 choices. The soup choice was Beer Cheese. This was not fresh. Bottoms of the pot. Thick & tasted a lot like nacho chip dip. Oh, Clam Chowder. Where art thou?Munching on my salad & holding our daughter allowed Alyssa R a turn at the buffet. When she came back, Alyssa R told us of a weird interaction when the server came back with our beers. The server told Alyssa R that there WAS a shorter option of beer, but that she didn't know that until after she had ours poured. So, Alyssa R tells her she'd like that shorter option because she's breastfeeding our child, & such a large beer isn't a good idea.  The server waves her hand at Alyssa R, & tells her "you'll be OK" & walks away. Whaaa? My second trip brings me to the main course station. I grab a clean plate & make my way down the line. Baked Chicken is the first item. I pass. Macaroni & Cheese. Very creamy. One scoop of this. Cowboy Beans. Oh yes. Baked beans with ground beef & BBQ sauce. One scoop of these. Wild Rice Pilaf & Garlic Mashed Potatoes are the next two items. Both look fresh & fluffy. I skip these this time. Now the Fish. A baked Cod, Beer Battered Cod, Cajun fried Tilapia, & Cajun fried Walleye. Beer Battered Cod is talking to me. It's telling me I should have left more room on my plate. I fit 4 pieces on my plate, & get me some tartar sauce & lemon before I head back to the table. The Beer Battered Cod here is fingerling size. But, boy! Do they pack big flavor. Light golden brown shell outside. Perfectly flaky white fish inside. The Cowboy Beans were outstanding. They were almost like chili. Big, robust flavor. Thick, not saucy. The Mac & Cheese reminded me of the kind you'd get with a BBQ order. It had a Southern feel to it. Large elbow macaroni. Silky smooth creamy cheese. The tartar sauce is house made. Great, fresh flavor. With a slight tang. Complimented the fish outstandingly. The lemon slices are the little cocktail wedge size. I'm not a fan of this for a Fish Fry. I want the orange slice wedge size. The kind you'd put in your mouth as a kid & pretend you were a boxer with a mouth guard, size.I had to go up again to try the Cajun Fried Fish options. This time I tried the Wild Rice Pilaf. I also got some more Cowboy Beans. So Yummy. People were talking about the Beans in line. I joined in. I told them that I thought they could be entered into a chili cook-off, they were that good. One lady said she knew who made them & would inform them of my thought.  I took two Tilapia & two Walleye, when I got to the fish. They look very much the same. So without the place cards stating the names of the dishes, I wouldn't of been able to tell they had different Cajun Fried Fish. Which is what happened to Alyssa R. I gave her a piece of my Walleye because of this. She hadn't tried that kind yet. Both were fine & tasty. But I couldn't tell any flavor difference between the two. Just a hint of spice on the back end. Nothing overpowering. Holding our daughter, Alyssa R got a turn at the dessert station. She got enough for the both of us to try. Cheesecake & Chocolate Chip Cookies. Mm Mm Good. This must have been the signal for the server to bring the checks. 2 buffets & 2 beers. Just under $40. $14.95 for the buffet. Pricey, but well worth it. Well maintained & stocked. Great portion control. This was our 4th time here & not our last. We Love This Fish Fry.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,8/27/2013,441,746,8,13,9>Absolutely phenom.To squelch your fears, the plates aren't that small. Three grown people who could be described as "eaters" filled themselves to overflowing with 6 dishes and a carafe of homemade sangria, and all of it was delicious.What we had:OctopusMeatballsCauliflowerSalted CodCalamariCrimini Mushrooms$80 with tip? I say that's good, especially since the Octopus came with a free flashback to a trip we took to Spain years ago. We were in some shit town the guidebook told us to forget and to skip, but I'm glad we didn't - behind the town were fields of ancient Roman ruins that you could wander about in with the occasional cow and on top the hill was an forgotten castle that could also be roamed about (sans cows).In said shit town we found a bar.  It was a busy trucker spot for people hauling to Portugal, and the back of the place opened up into a dining hall that had several large TV's playing the Simpsons (in Spanish).So while we waited for our table and our inevitable meal of rice and eggs and tomato sauce that we couldn't escape, we sat at the bar next to the expected ham leg set to drip, had a cold beer and chose a little spicy chorizo as a side. So when I bit into the octopus dish with it's little spicy chorizo and potato, I was suddenly not in Minneapolis. I was in a small trucker dive in near Portugal, Spain, where the guidebooks said to ignore.So. Go to Rincon. It isn't a trucker dive by any stretch, but it is unique in it's own way.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,8/26/2013,10,19,6,9,4>I live in the neighborhood and noticed today that the shop was finally open.  Hooray!The shop is airy and modern and uncluttered.  There's enough tables to seat maybe 40?  Also, a cute window counter with seats.  I'm hoping they have patio/sidewalk dining once it warms up (as the old bakery location there did!)The daily slices will run you about $3.25-4.50.  They are nicely sized, prolly about 2 regular pie-slices if you want to get fussy about volume.  The split was about 50/50 veg to meat options, a decent ratio.  Whole pies are $21+ depending on if you add some of their delicious premium options such as crimini mushrooms or house-made maple bacon (for you carnys out there).  I opted for the Veggie Supremo slice, which was loaded with cheeses including feta, and mushrooms, spinach, onions and garlic.  Very tasty.They have a mini tap selection of local beers, sold by the glass or pitcher.  I was pumped to see Indeed's Midnight Ryder!  Also, wines, but I don't know anything about wine so I would feel remiss in advising you on that particular facet of the business.You can also order side/entree salads, and a few meaty sounding subs.  Secret bonus:  they have a photobooth!All in all, I'm pleased to see the shop open, and I'm excited for my neighborhood to have such a yummy haven.  I'm not particularly pleased at the potential outcomes of drunken photobooth possibilities, but that's my own cross to bear.  Welcome!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,8/25/2013,65,311,3,14,5>Tavern 4&5, Eden Prairie has been waiting for you.Everything about the space is great.  Total remodel, no shortcuts.  Based on their investment in the space, the owners are committed to earning our business.  Also, picked up a $100 gift card at Costco for $80.Great craft beer selection, bourbon flights, and their own specially blended whiskey, mixed with apples, cinnamon and simple syrup.  I tried a sample and it was fantastic.  Would be great mixed with ginger ale or on the rocks.Breakfast menu was impressive, enjoyed the oatmeal pancakes with local maple syrup and unsalted whipped butter.  Pecan smoked bacon was even better than it sounded.   My son enjoyed the malted waffles.Will be back this week to have a drink and enjoy the dinner menu.  This place will become a regular part of our rotation.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,8/24/2013,46,132,5,22,7>Three movies for the price of one? Hell yeah I'm down! So here is some need to know information, most of the reviews touch on some of them but here its is in steps:- Get there early!! They start letting cars in at the opening time. So before that you will have to park patiently outside the drive-in and wait. If you come later you may not be able to get in! Personally I get there at 6 when they open at 7.- Movie starts when it gets dark, so lots of down time. Bring food and BBQ and bring some entertainment. - Womens bathrooms will have loooonnng lines. Go when you get there and not right before the movie! - Not all the speaker boxes work well. The earlier you arrive you can play around and find a good spot or you will have to listen in the car on the radio. - Bring blankets, it gets chilly at night.- CASH ONLY!This is a great way to enjoy some outside time. I go with a group and we make it a "Movie Picnic" The quality of the movies is great and the over all experience is always memorable.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/23/2013,169,466,3,3,3>If you're the kind of foodie that loves to try several different dishes without the requirement of stretchy pants, then you'll love the small plates or tapas, at Solera.  It's been several years since I've dined here. No reason, other than there are soooo many places to dine in the Twin Cities.  One of my favorites is still on the menu and as good as I remember, the Dates (bacon wrapped & goat cheese stuffed).  I also tried the Prawns al Ajillo, perfectly cooked prawns and bonus...the red chili and Spanish olive oil at the bottom of the bowl was equally delightful soaked up in a chunk of bread.Service here has always been helpful, friendly and efficient.  I like the somewhat dim lit atmosphere and highly recommend it for a date nite.  I've heard that they have wonderful rooftop dining, maybe next time!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,8/22/2013,23,34,5,6,2>I have been going to 50's Grill since I was a baby. When I was little, I dreamed of growing up and working there just so I could wear the poodle skirts and saddle shoes. In fact, I talked about doing that so much that my grandma finally made me a poodle skirt when I was 6...I wore that thing for 3 Halloweens in a row...Everything about this place just rocks...or would jive be more appropriate? Everything from the decoration to the music just envelopes you. I especially love the high-backed booths, they make you feel like you have your own little room at the restaurant. Now for the food: Love it. Honestly, I have never had something that I didn't like - in all my 26 years of visiting here. That says 2 things to me: 1) this place is legit (perhaps too legit to quit...)2) I go here waaaaayyyyy too often.  (That's just too damn bad. I'm going to continue to venture here frequently. So there.)Their burgers are really good, and the soup is great too. I usually order the Turkey Guacamole Sandwich, but you have to get it on their AWESOME french bread, and with a side of ranch. It is just stupid how delicious it is. My roommate always gets their Cajun Chicken sandwich, which she swears has some type of highly addictive drug mixed in the seasoning....I think she just doesn't want to take responsibility for her cravings.Also, if you walk out of here without trying a malt or a slice of their pie, you deserve to be slapped. I'm not kidding, I will find you...just save me the trouble and order some damn pie. It is delicious. All of my opinions are just extra reasons to go there. Really all the proof you need is that all the Grandmas in a 400 mile radius flock here....so many Grandmas cannot be wrong. :)
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,12/26/2009,949,964,6,7,8>I actually prefer this one over the historic one downtown. It's not as tight at the counter, which gives you more space and comfort to socialize with the regulars. A good stop on the way to the airport. Their coffee has always been exceptional. Not the trendy, strong stuff, just plain old SYSCO, the local food purveyor brand. I love it. Favorite eggs, OE, in a pan, not on the grill where they end up looking like a bad case of acne. I never had an omelette, because I would get too full. But I love to watch them make it in the blender, then whip it around in the pan to make it super fluffy. I am more than satisfied with an order of golden, crispy hashbrowns. If I want that extra umph, I get potatoes o' brien. It's been a long time since I had lunch there. I got a burger and fried fish sandwich, I think you can substitute hash browns for fries. Bathrooms are handy and private. You can actually get a nice view of upper west 7th from this location.Plenty of parking. I don't get the address, it is more or less on west 7th, just above where montreal and randolph meet, next to the famous dave's. I used to be an AM regular, and it was a great start to any workday.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2009,12/25/2009,19,128,1,6,3>I was driving to Sears the day before Mother's Day and saw a sign on the wall saying they serve dim sum.  I was excited to find a place less than half the 45 min drive to my favorite dim sum place, the Mandarin Kitchen, but the question was: is it any good?The answer is, yes.  Given that this is a Vietnamese restaurant, I had my doubts as to whether they could do classic dim sum, but they did a decent job of it.  Most of the dishes were tasty, and others, if you were to compare them to what they were *supposed* to be, weren't up to par, yet they were good in themselves.  An example is the classic dim sum dish, sui mai.  As sui mai, it was horrible, but as a pork dumpling, it still tasted good.My only complaint was that we we typically look for certain dishes when at dim sum.  A few of them didn't come by our table.  We thought, being a Vietnamese restaurant, that they didn't serve those dishes.  But on our way out, we saw them on the tables of other patrons.  So the carts just never got to us.  We were there for a good hour and sat in a main aisle, so the cart-pushers didn't have their routes set up well.  We saw several carts multiple times, while other carts not at all.We would definitely come back since it's not the haul it is to Bloomington for us.  But next time we'll know to get up and go after the dishes we want if we don't see them.  We'll still go to Mandarin Kitchen for the best in town.4 stars for the food, -1 for the service.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,12/24/2009,84,289,12,7,7>Eating at Saffron, I discovered just how unique (and outright odd) the sense of taste can be.I took a bite of the Artichoke tagine and said "Whoa! This tastes like . . . firecrackers".I want to be absolutely clear about something: there is nothing wrong with the artichoke tagine. It is a nice dish. It just tastes like firecrackers to me.This naturally begs the question: why were you eating firecrackers?Actually, I haven't. But the sense of taste and smell are so closely related what I was actually trying to say was the dish tasted like firecrackers smelled.This still sounds insulting. Sorry. I'm not trying to insult the dish. Just something about the taste activates my memory about fireworks. Specifically those little ones that come in red packs and are 10-15 small firecrackers tied together. They go paPowpapapaPowPOWPOW when you light them off.I'm getting off subject here again, but let me get to the really cool part. A couple other people at the table taste it and tell me I'm crazy. Then my sister tastes it, and she gets it! She has the same activation. She was probably there for many of my childhood firecracker experiences, so she knew that smell/taste, too.What does this have to do with Saffron as a restaurant?Nothing. Absolutely nothing. But I thought it was really neat.Anyway, Saffron is a really nice restaurant. I had the duck breast, and it was excellent. My girlfriend had the gnochi, and they were excellent. Two people at my table had the tasting menu, which had a lamb chop for the entree. The lamb chop was very good, too. (On a side note, the menu was very meat focused. Not what I expect from a middle eastern place. Kedar, beware!)The appetizers were a little more of a mixed bag. The complimentary hummus was very good (hey Mustapha! Take some notes!!), the goat cheese croquettes were very good, the artichoke/firecracker tagine was good. I didn't care for the fois gras, but my mother liked it. I've never had it before, so I can't really say whether it was good or not, just that I didn't care for it.The service was very good, if a little stiff, which I think ties into my main criticism of the place: they really seem to be trying to be a formal, stiff chair type restaurant. You know, white tablecloth, 3-4 forks, wine glasses on the table, etc. I don't think that's their strength; I think the place would work better aiming more for for hip yet comfortable, rather than stiff and formal.I think one of my favorite moments was when the host (manager? owner?) swept in to light my sister's birthday candle (on a cupcake). This was that moment we'd all been dreading in this evening in celebration of my sister's birthday: my parents wanted a cake, candles, singing and photos. My sister wanted none of the above.My mom had brought some cupcakes, and some candles, which she hoped would be an acceptable compromise. The host made a big joke of it: "are we going to sing now? should I get the whole restaurant to join in?" My sister begged off, the host demanded a dollar in exchange for his silence. It was a funny, my sister was embarrassed but not as much as if we'd sung to her, and that was the end of it. Well played, host-dude.I think I enjoyed this moment because it was such a break from the more stiff atmosphere in the place. Maybe that's just me. Perhaps my call for more casualness is a call for lower prices as well. Minneapolis has spoiled me so thoroughly that the $20+ entrees seemed a little pricey to me.To summarize (as if anyone is still reading this odd, rambling tale): Very good food, but the atmosphere and the price range is a little out of sync with what I typically look for.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,12/23/2009,13,116,9,6,6>clancey's is the bombdiggity.  the butcher shop (being defined as a place where they sell meat products, and little else) is basically dead.  you have the meat department in your grocery store and some are better than others.  i happen to have a high opinion of the meat counter at the local whole foods.  but when you need truly good cuts of meat and someone who can sell you a frenched rack of lamb you need folks who know their meats.  that'd be clancey's.  insert your food snob keywords all you want, this places has everything but in my opinion their flagship product is their breakfast sausage.  my 7 year-old stepson and i have dude's breakfast on the weekends and try as we might we have not found a replacement for their breakfast sausage.  these aren't namby pamby breakfast sausages, these are big-ass breakfast sausages.  they're more like mini brats.  they're just under a quarter's size in diameter and have a slightly sweet genuinely maple flavor to them.  on the weekends we dine on these like man of yore did on the days fresh kill for these things awaken something primal in you. be you 34 or 7 you'll look at other breakfast sausages and mutter under your breath, something to the effect that if it ain't clancey's breakfast sausage, it's crap.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,12/22/2009,39,93,11,7,7>Dear Matt's Bar:You have a special place in my heart. But I hate the way you make my hair stink after I leave.I love cheese. Put it in a burger and it's a win. I hate it that your burger scientists can't engineer a Juicy Lucy that doesn't squirt out half the cheese in the first bite. Oh well, I use the drippings as a condiment for my fries.xoxo Amy
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,12/21/2009,62,178,,6,3>When you sit at Punch eating their amazing pizza, you're taken to Italy with freshly baked pizza dough and perfect salads!  Their pizza dough is to die for - baked in a wood stove and ready in about 3 minutes.  You don't have to wait for the oven to warm up and bake frozen pizza or for delivery to arrive.  Instant gratification!  Punch uses fresh ingredients - basil, olive oil, cheese, tomatoes, sauces... mmmm!Punch's salads are fresh, full and flavorful with a great variety. Always a good choice for a side with your pizza.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2009,12/20/2009,86,304,12,11,6>Let me just say straight up, this is not a place I go alone. I usually go here with an entourage of 3-6 men, preferably big ones who will pretend to be my husband. I arrived early (which never happens) on one evening and spent a whole lotta time pretending to text, ignoring the slurred flattery of the super drunk regular who WILL be there if you go. But with said entourage, it is a REALLY fun place to get effin wasted. Cheap drinks, cheap bar food, and an atmosphere that is so perfectly Northeastern Minnesota that you'd swear you were in Hibbing. The suits thankfully miss this place, so it's usually just working-class guys watching sports and eating meatballs out of a crockpot. Listen, this is not a bar for hipsters, or students (unless you're from the Range), or hippies- I was only grudgingly accepted there because I was in the company of a regular. It's small town Minnesota in the middle of downtown St. Paul, and that's most of the charm.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,12/19/2009,15,41,7,5,1>Just went there for the fourth time yesterday, and liked it more than the last. Happy Hour! 4-7          2 Dollar beers!!!and not just miller or pbr....they have two kinds of summit, honey wiess, and a bunch more.  The list was pretty long.  I am pretty sure they have a wine list as well, but I was interested in the beer, so I forgot to look, Sorry winos!!I like this place because of the atmosphere, although, if you go there late night on a weekend, it is hard to find a spot, and it's really loud and hard to have a conversation.  It was nice during happy hour, because it was quite and relaxing, and the service was very nice.  I also love their patio, it is decorated with trees and christmas lights, and over looks the train tracks. They feature a lot of bands, and performances for free or cheap cover, so that's another plus.Last but not least,  Co-ed bathrooms!  I love co-ed bathrooms, especially if it is late at night.  I love the mix of swanky girls checkin their make up, and boys walking out still zipping up their pants.  Can make for an amazingly awkward people watching situation.  I love it!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,12/18/2009,5,57,2,9,2>Ok, I should preface this by saying I know my sake. Not because I am overly pretentious (I hope not anyways), but because I spent the last three years working as a translator in Niigata, Japan- which as the "rice bowl" of the nation produces the most, and arguably best, sake  in the country. Some of my jobs including producing guides to sake for tourists, escorting govt officials to breweries, and making English websites for various sake brewers around the prefecture. SO, I have drank a lot of good sake in my time.And I have to say, the sake brewed at moto-i pleasantly surprised me. It was just as good as a lot of the stuff I drank back in Niigata, which says a lot. I don't actually drink a lot of sake back here in the U.S. because it is usually either 1) not very good or 2) way out of my price range. I will be coming back for moto-i's stuff again though. I am looking forward to them bottling it for sale.However, I was not impressed by the food. I was kind of hoping for Japanese pub fare, but instead saw a lot of overpriced "pan-asian" snacks. And the ramen was just not good. The broth and toppings were decent, but I am fairly sure the noodles were of the instant variety. For a $10 dish, you can do better guys.So my advice: come for the sake, do not stay for dinner.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,12/17/2009,29,417,,8,6>Like others, I was very happy to see a neighborhood wine bar in this space, and the kitchen's open late too! Arrived at 10 after a concert, and it was relatively busy and a litle loud. Outside seating ends at 10, so we sat in a small lounge area toward the back, which was quieter and reminded me a little of a talk show set). Extensive beer and wine menu (no liquor), and small plates and dessert served late. Tried the tater tots, and Sarah P sums it up perfectly. We also tried the cream puffs (tater tots and cream puffs, dinner of champions), which were heavenly. Between the two of us, 3 glasses of wine, app, and dessert for under $40 (tip included), was not bad! Dinner menu looks good too-traditional faves (french onion soup, BLT, mac&cheese), but I'm sure all with a cool twist. Welcome to the neighborhood, Kings!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2007,8/5/2008,274,290,9,10,11>(4.5 stars)Went to Pancho Villa last night for my roommate's birthday, and boy am I glad I did because this Mexican joint made me so DARN HAPPY! ...More People of Color that I've seen in one place since I got to Minnesota! Okay, maybe not exactly...but certainly the most Latino people....Tons of options for super cheap, decent Mexican food (a little on the dry side and the rice is too oily, but I liked the chipotle salsa and overall great deal for your buck). Examples: 2 chicken tacos = less than $5. A combo of an enchilada, a tamale, and a taco = $6.99. I don't think anything, even seafood, on the extensive menu breaks $15....Super fast, friendly service....2 for 1 specials on margaritas and Dos Equis ($4.25)! Monday-Friday!! ALL DAY LONG!!! On your birthday, you get free drinks (!) namely a margarita as big as your head and a slice of tres leches cake with a shot of tequila that is set on fire!...With a party of 6 or more, you get to spin this wheel that has a bunch of deals ranging from $5 off your meal to FREE DRINKS ALL NIGHT! Then there's also the random $20 off a perm at a local salon that one girl in the party said she got one time......OMFG THEY DO KARAOKE HERE! Granted, 95% of their song selection is in Spanish (I wonder if they'd let me bring in my own CDs). But just seeing all those people singing *while sitting at the dinner table* and looking at the giant projector screen in the back of the restaurant was AWESOME!  They even have some kind of karaoke competition with a $1000 grand prize...except the rest of the sign was in Spanish so I have no idea about the other details.I think I just might have to start learning Spanish so that I can hang w/ the regulars.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,8/4/2008,515,371,6,6,9>Ok, MSP blows SJC and SFO out of the water.   MSP is beautiful and clean...and has tons of full-service restaurants, shopping, and even an arcade.  The restaurants have fully-stocked bars and have so much good food to offer.  I had already eaten lunch, but I sat down with my boss while he grabbed a drink at Ike's.  I was seriously salivating over the menu drinking my sparkling water.  I wish I hadn't eaten already!!!  Chili, turkey dinners, ahi tuna, yummmm.   I was watching the guy slice the juicy turkey and I joked that I wanted a taste and he actually cut me a huge piece for me to try!!!  It was soooooooooo good!  He says they go through 4 big turkeys a day.  I definitely will come back to Ike's the next time I'm out here.Totally random sidenote: They have this Dyson Airblade in their bathrooms that ROCK!  You stick your hands in and it blows all the water on your hands away in like 2 seconds.  It's amazing.  I almost wanted to wash my hands a second time just so I could use it again.  LOL.  dysonairblade.com
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,8/3/2008,452,185,6,17,14>Of all the places in all the world I might find Kurdish food, I never would have guessed it would be in St. Paul, Minnesota.  I found myself in St. Paul for my brutal Russian Kettlebell certification course.  I arrived on Thursday, and since the course started on Friday, I figured Thursday night's dinner might very well be my last meal on Earth, so I wanted to make it good.  Thank goodness I found Babani's.Because if Thursday had, indeed, been my last meal on Earth, I would have left this planet a happy-stomached girl.  I walked there in the rain and wind from my hotel, and by the time I'd arrived, I was wet, cold, and hungry.  My friendly waitress brought me a menu, and I chose several happily vegan items-- a Kurdish lentil soup, Kurdish bread, Kurdish tea, and Kurdish dolmas.  The lentil soup was thick, perfectly spiced, and hearty, and went perfectly with the rain and the two big, soft triangles of Kurdish bread (which was sort of a puffy version of flatbread.  If flatbread wasn't flat, it would be Kurdish).  The Kurdish tea was spiced with cardamom and some other sweetish spices I couldn't quite put my finger on-- possibly cinnamon.  Probably not cloves.  In any case, as far as I'm concerned, a good cup of tea and a long, hot shower are the keys to world peace, and this tea was an excellent start down that road.  Tell the president.The dolmas were the best I've ever had.  Some were wrapped in grape leaves, and others in cabbage, and they all contained gently spiced rice and tomatoes and vegetables.  It was all steamed with lemon juice and was light enough that I could eat the whole plateful (and there were a lot on the plate) and not feel like I had to roll myself home.The walls are decorated with pictures taken by one of the owners, glowing restaurant reviews of the place, and various and sundry Kurdish items.  It wasn't elegant (who needs elegance, anyway?  Not me, dammit.) but it was extremely cozy.  As it turns out, I survived--nay, thrived-- the certification (a little bloody, a little humble, but definitely alive).  And I'm really glad I did, because that means I'll get to try Babani's again someday.  And that thought makes my tummy happy.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,8/2/2008,1,12,3,3,3>Um, the mushroom and truffle oil crostini was one of the best things I've had in a long time. Wow. I believe I even turned to my friend and said, "Hey, this tastes like good sex". She knew exactly what I meant and agreed. I had a lot of fun choosing from the list of crostini's ($1.50 each) and arguing and discussing amongst ourselves which was the best. I will be back. Oh yes, I will be back. The wine reco's were good, the atmosphere moody but not off-putting. The owner is very nice and helpful. It's in the bottom floor of an apartment building in warehouse District, I used to live upstairs back when it was first built. Darn, I wish this place was open when I lived there, they would have had lots of my money.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,8/1/2008,20,37,18,10,10>I like to pretend I am Carrie Bradshaw and talking about sex is not hard for me.  I am 29.  I am single.  I am fabulous.  I write about love and life.  How hard can it possibly be to talk about sex?   After a miserable trip to Sex World I decided it was apparently very hard.Some friends told me I should try Smitten Kitten because they were more user and woman friendly.  Determined to learn more, I  squared my shoulders and walked into Smitten Kitten full of questions I wanted to ask about the who's and the whats and the wheres.  And as all brave girls do, I began "I have a friend..."   The ladies at Smitten Kitten were fantastic.  They didn't smirk, as I tend to when people are asking me questions I think they should know the answer to.  They answered some of my questions, showed me products, and were fun and friendly.  I felt like I was talking to  girlfriends.Bottom Line: The more you know the more you grow!  And Smitten Kitten is a great place to learn.  (And I can not believe I am posting this)
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,7/31/2008,4,12,9,7,7>disclaimer: i am about the least punk rock of anyone who has graced the doors of this dignified establishment.  black girl from new york who likes commercial hip hop and pedicures.  and even with the loud drone of leather angst and more-righteous-than-thou scowls from people with face tatts, this place ROCKS!i have sought vegan breakfast in about every major city in the US, as well as a number in europe, the caribbean, and the motherland.triple rock is among the ten best for vegan breakfast - double thick, rich, perfectly indulgent french toast.  i usually avoid restaurant-made tofu scramble (my own is ridiculouly good), but 3rock's was well seasoned, full of mushrooms and onion, and best of all, covered with house-made vegan nacho cheese.  this cheese deserves its own rating - peppered with jalapeno and tomato chunks, melty and generally ecstatic.also, in response to the service being rude - it's f---ing punk rock, not starbucks.  the last time we were there, we did get brusque, snarly service from a pink-haired waitress that was cute in its own way and reminded me of my new york city roots.  however, today we sat at the bar instead of a table and got first class midwestern love from Megatron, aka Megan.one more time, i love this place - you should go. beats the pants off of the quite respectable french meadow.  in fact, i am concerned that smelly, inconsistent hard times cafe still has customers on saturday and sunday mornings.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,7/30/2008,15,36,4,5,5>I LOVE this place.  I get overwhelmed with the menu because there are so many tasty seafood options.  The entrees are fantastic but what i think needs to be mentioned is that the salad and desserts are delicious and unique.  I love the cucumber and strawberry salad with a mint vinaigrette.  I also enjoy the mini desserts.  For $4 you can enjoy a small portion of your favorite dessert.  It makes it easy to indulge, or overindulge.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,7/29/2008,31,55,5,2,4>There's a story going around that this is where Jenny A hung out while waiting to hear from her doctor if she could come in for (induced) labor.  Any bar where you can hang out while waiting to give birth is alright by me.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2008,7/28/2008,2553,1313,4,7,6>It's not often that I feel compelled to write a review of a Hilton-brand hotel.  However, everything about my experience at this particular location was better than average, making it review-worthy.  When I arrived, check-in was quick and easy.  Sounds kind of dirty, but I assure you, there was nothing dirty about this place.  From the guest rooms to the meeting rooms to the health center, everything was well-maintained and clean.  I had the basil Caesar salad from the hotel restaurant twice, once with chicken and once with shrimp, because I liked it so much.  I highly recommend walking your lazy butt down to the restaurant, as room service fees are HEFTY.  The eye-candy bartender who served me two absolutely perfect espresso martinis (even though they weren't on the menu) was a nice addition to the Hilton experience.  From what I saw, he was the only attractive man under 35 in the entire hotel so I imagine he does well here, and not just with tips.Should I ever find myself in Minneapolis again, I'd be happy to book my stay here!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,7/27/2008,123,249,2,10,8>High class but not pretentious.  Each of our dishes was most excellent!  We split the Chop Salad, Grilled Flatbread, Butternut Squash Ravioli, and a chocolate dessert.  The menu has so many more items I'd like to come back and try too.  The waitress was knowledgeable, attentive, and kept our water full without us even having to ask!  I love how this place uses natural and fresh ingredients for all the dishes because you don't feel heavy afterwards.This is now one of my favorite restaurants for sure!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,11/7/2014,42,28,5,5,6>This village was a staple in my schedule back in the day when I was a student at The U of M. I always seem to take a trip down memory lane when I'm here. I often get flashbacks of kissing boys, hot sour soup, Bruegger's, Twix bars, books, buses, honeybuns, Cheapo, parties, and Ben and Jerry's. Am I also thinking about my first suggestive experience with him? Absolutely. My good friend, Chantry, brought me here for the first time when I was nineteen, skinny, and naive. One day she saw me sitting at a table on campus enjoying lunch alone. She asked me if I wanted to be her friend? Well, let's just say you can never have too many friends! I remember eating here with Chantry on numerous occasions. She introduced me to the hot sour soup. I was scared to try it, but ended up really enjoying it. Which is why I wonder why don't I order it these days? I remember ordering lots of fried chicken wings. And I remember Chantry liking black bean sauce. We both love the hot jasmine tea provided at the table. I would like to suggest they supply all tables with a lazy Susan. That would make for easier access to jasmine tea and spicy chili oil. These days, I'm still placing orders for fried chicken wings. Those never ever get old. On cold days, the pork wonton soup is nice. Although, the wonton wrapper is too thick and chewy in my opinion. The wontons here remind me of Eddie Cheng's wontons. My two friends always get the fried pot stickers. They're made with the same thick wonton wrappers. They are filled with pork and you can get them steamed or fried. I don't care for the sauce that it comes with. Noann and Donna are sisters. They got me hooked on the Japanese fried bean curd (tofu) at the Wok. This dish is too good to be true. It's so crispy and flavorful. I love Chinese five spice. In fact, I would have to say it's my fav spice rub. Who doesn't love star anise, Chinese cinnamon, cloves, sichuan pepper, and fennel seeds combined?! The order comes with steamed rice. What I love to do is mix their spicy chili oil condiment with the steamed rice. This along with their fried tofu is quite possibly the best bite of your life. I'm not fudging when I say that. Try it and see for yourself. I have never left this village long-faced. This place holds a very special spot in my heart. From firsts with boys to Japanese fried bean curd, I always beam when I think of you, Village Wok. That said, if you haven't already paid a visit to this village, move it to the top of your bucket list.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,11/6/2014,186,185,1,7,7>The Kenwood. What can I say. It's everything you want in a restaurant.One Star for the decor. Plaid wallpaper, worn floors, huge windows with a view of the local school. Feels like your neighborhood bar.Two stars for the great service. Friendly, quick service.Three stars for the brunch. Talk about comfort food. Nom.- Latte: From Dogwood Coffee, perfectly roasted coffee, brown sugar cube for sweetness. Perfect temperature.- Chocolate Croissant: from patisserie 46, Mrs. G said it best. Airy and fluffy, not too much chocolate.- Green Tea with Ginger: Mrs. G had this, said she loved it being a tea drinker.Entrees:- Huevos Rancheros: That braised pork, some of the best we've ever had. Crispy potatoes, perfect poached eggs.- Trout Hash: this was recommended to me by the waitress. The trout was nicely smoked, the horseradish aioli was slightly spicy but a nice touch. However, the hash was more like a big potato patty. I wish it was crispy potatoes through and through.Four stars for the price. Amazing food for less than $40, including coffee, tea, 2 entrees, croissant.Five stars because of the wait. Uhm..no wait.Seriously, five stars. This one was easy.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,11/5/2014,33,114,4,10,5>This is a cute locally owned retail shop in South Minneapolis. There is nice variety of glass, vintage beads, gemstones, metal pieces, beads made of bone, seed beads, Swarovski beads, pearls. African trade beads, and lots of other findings, clasps and pieces for all kinds of jewelry needs. The owner is very friendly, always asks if she can help me find anything. Beadhive has a great and affordable selection of gemstones. This is definitely my favorite section of the shop, there is a solid selection and hands down they are cheaper than at The Bead Monkey or Bobby Bead. I've been beading for 10+ years, trust me, this is by far the most reasonably priced store in the Twin Cities (unless of course you go to Michael's or JoAnn Fabrics and buy mass-produced beads from China).I have found unique and rare beads here (if you are a stone nerd like me, I have found incredible chrysocolla and chrysoprase beads here that are to date in my favorite necklaces I've ever created). Be sure to check out the counter and ask the owner or other staff to take beads out for you, there are some beautiful strands behind the glass.  You can also split a strand - I have never done this but I have not heard of other stores offering this.Join the email list, the reason I went this past week was because I received an email letting me know that ALL beads were 40% off - no exceptions! That is incredible. The Bead Monkey and Bobby Bead do not ever have sales that are this generous. Other awesome perks: Dog friendly! Regular sales! You can take classes here, you can bring a broken piece of jewelry here and the store staff will fix this for you, there is a regular shopper perk called, "Honey Money" (you spend x amount, I believe $25, and you get an in-store discount that you can actually spend on the spot too). I just love how customer-oriented this store is. Even if you don't bead, you can still stop in and buy pre-made items or peruse the vintage pieces - or take a class and learn something new.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,11/4/2014,91,344,6,8,7>Hit it on a Monday evening and it wasn't too busy - which was great.Got in for the tail end of HH and got some cheese curds, mussels, scotch eggs and the octopus (not on HH) - everything was really nice!The Octopus - oh my, so tender and flavorful - i literally wanted to lick the plate after we finished as whatever the sauces are - they are awesome too!Cheese curds are really cheesey and curdy and yummy - and even though I'm beeted out after a winter full of beets - the ketchup was great.Mussels - really good sauce, nicely done.  Scotch egg - pickled and wrapped and fried and whatever else they do to perfection!I had the scallops - perfect, tried bites of trout, noodle bowl (i think this is my fave), etc.Everything was really well prepared and well done - service was fine.Cheap table wine was  really nice for the price!I would definitely go again!
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,11/3/2014,30,101,2,6,6>Amazingggg!! Went here for my 8 yr anniversary and it was a perfect setting. The décor was already a huge plus. Super high ceilings and large statement light fixtures always excite me. This place is perfect for any occasion! We ordered the Bone Marrow for our appetizer and it was good, but I wouldn't order it again. It was my first time to try bone marrow so maybe that's why I wasn't all about it. It smelled great though. I ordered the Agnolotti and o...m...g. Seriously, wowww. This is a must. When I bit into the pasta it would just ooze out with insane flavor. Not your ordinary squash filling inside a pasta, that's for sure.My bf ordered the Arctic Char and that was even better! I've never tried Arctic char but damn it is GOOD. It went so well with the red beet sauce on the plate. And the skin had such a perfect crisp, not scaly at all. We had the creamy polenta as a side and it was pretty addicting. I was getting full but I kept eating it anyway.  And when I think of a side order I think of a tiny portion (like most places do) but it was REALLY generous. It could have been a side for 3-4 people. I'm notorious for over ordering but I held back this time, which I'm so glad I did! A main dish for each person and one side was enough to get us full. We didn't even finish our polenta. Service was perfect as well. Overall, great food and ambiance. I'll be coming back.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,11/2/2014,91,306,7,11,10>No sign marks the spot, but the iron Hammer & Sickle door handle is a dead giveaway that you've arrived at the right spot. The mysterious lack of signage coupled with the Siberian cold (what has been dubbed the "Polar Vortex" aka a run-of-the-mill Minnesota winter) may lead you to believe that you're soon to cross the threshold into the Russian mob's top secret lair, so long as you ignore the floor to ceiling windows allowing passerbyers on Lagoon to peer in and catch a peek of the "illicit" activities underway inside.But, fear not, the revolver used in this game of Russian roulette is nothing but a mere plastic toy discharging a harmless, albeit startling, "pop" (inquire with the server/bartender if you desire to satisfy your risk-taking urges) and the mobsters here are your average millennial dressed-to-impress plucked from the Uptown/Downtown districts. The music pulses over head. The little space is full at 10 pm on a Saturday night. Bodies congregate in the bar and entry leaving minimal room to navigate. The dim lighting, a red glow from the back lit bar [think Social House], conceals flaws and imperfections. This screams "date night"! [The ratio of men to women, about 4 to 1.] ...Or, for the single ladies, "meat market"! Cocktails (ranging from $8-$12) and infused vodkas (flights offered) seem to be the drinks of choice here. The cocktail I sipped was called Forbidden Fruit, essentially an Appletini, rimmed with cinnamon sugar and smelling too temptingly much like a straight-outta-the-oven apple pie. Good, but a tad pricey at $12. On the eats front, small plates or entrees are available. If you're not jonesing for a ton of grub, then I think you might just find the small plates adequate. I've had the opportunity to sample...-Meatballs: Fat and juicy! (Ew, feels so wrong to describe anything that way.) Loaded with flavor, both from within the meatball itself and the sauce. Hearty bread for dipping on the side. -Pierogies: Potato-stuffed dumplings boiled and pan fried. Lots of flavor combos available with primarily meat-centric toppings. Don't even remember exactly what we ordered, but it was flavorful. Skewers: I ordered the eggplant skewer. Others ordered meat on a stick, which garnered approving nods and grunts. I found my eggplant and veggies to be unnecessarily slathered in oil. Because the veggies weren't covered in enough gunk (has anyone invented an emoticon for sarcasm yet?), I further dressed it with layers of creamy horseradish sauce (sour cream), which distracted from the slimy oil. The bed of rice that cushioned the skewer was not entirely soft and fluffy, specked with some crunchy grains. Undercooked rice is not excusable. I've yet to master this, but Cooking 101, am I right?-Pelmeny: Bite-sized stuffed pasta, either with finely shredded and sauteed veggies or meat in the middle. When inquiring about the meat filling, I insist the server said "beef, pork, and oyster." My BF assures me that the third meat she listed was "lamb" not "oyster." You say toMAYto, I say toMAHto. We opted for veggie because pork just is not our cup of tea. However, vegetarians beware, a few of the porky pastas found their way into our plate of veggie pelmeny. Aside from this mishap, I enjoyed the veggie version, mostly after dousing it in the accompanying vinegar and sour cream. (Sour cream is a lot like ketchup or sriracha. It makes everything taste better.) Without these condiments, the pelmeny would be lacking as the boiled pasta "flavor" (anti-flavor?) dominated over the tasty yet minimal veggie stuffing. And, I'm not one to let food go to waste, so I did sample those sneaky meat pelmeny that had infiltrated our dish. Too spicy, like sausage spicy, not hot spicy. All in all, the food was not exactly memorable and the kitchen made a few beginner blunders (undercooked rice, meat finding it's way into one of the few veg-friendly dishes--both of which I alerted the staff). Typically, after such an experience I'd award only 3 stars (which is certainly not bad, just average). However, I really do appreciate the concept underlying H&S (trendy vodka bar+Soviet bites) and its bringing of something new and different to Uptown. Plus, during both of my visits, I was quite pleased with the service [who (1) on one occasion went above and beyond to aid  our group of 8 in the obnoxious task of splitting the bill among 8 people who were sharing dishes, and (2) during my most recent visit were very receptive and apologetic toward my negative feedback, though I'm somewhat surprised that no apology offer was extended, i.e. an on-the-house dessert, in exchange for crunchy rice and a meat-contaminated veggie dish).I expect to be back. However, if I do not see improvements, I'll be dropping a star and making less frequent visits. H&S, I bet that leaves you shaking in your Valenki boots now.... : )
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,11/1/2014,177,100,2,2,3>After a failed attempt to have dinner elsewhere, my boyfriend and I ate stopped in here randomly one night during Restaurant Week. It was busy (and about 8pm) but we got a table within 5 minutes so it wasn't too long of a wait. Service was incredibly slow for some reason-- more of a wait than reasonable for a busy dinner hour. We ordered our drinks and they didn't come for 15-20 minutes. If you've been to Barbette, you know it is small so??? I'm not sure why it took so long? Not sure if the server forgot to put in our drinks or what happened there.When our drinks finally came we ordered our food... This time it took almost half an hour for our food to come out. In the mean time, my boyfriend just went straight to the bar to order our next two drinks to avoid the 10-15 minute wait in between.if it were not for the other server noticing we had been sitting there for quite a while unattended and without explanation, I would have given this place a 3 star rating.She comped our initial two drinks that weren't ordered from the bar. That was nice of her, and just the acknowledgement itself was a really nice gesture.The meal was phenomenal though. I had a salad and it was melt in my mouth, want-to-lick-my-plate delicious. We must come back! I'm sure Restaurant Week was just a bit insane for them.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,10/31/2014,41,117,3,5,5>This super cute, small Japanese sushi house is unbelievably delicious. They have an extensive menu of sushi, bentos, udon, ramen, and more. So far, everything has been perfect. I highly recommend the Japanese potato salad, seaweed salad, and the salmon bento box! So Good!I also want to give them mad props for coordinating a ten person, two small babies birthday party last night. For a restaurant this small, they managed our large group with ease and skill. I am highly impressed and want to say, thanks for the great service!Many of us had heard this was the best sushi in town, and they now have my vote!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,10/30/2014,276,606,6,6,7>Why hello, Black Sheep!After living down the block for 6 months, I finally checked this place out! Since going completely lactose-free I was scared they wouldn't have anything for me to eat. Thankfully, I was wrong. Let me break this down for you. - Olives Roasted with Rosemary & Garlic: HELLO YUM! these are amazing. must try.- #2 pizza: Like i said above I need the cheese free option which is boring until you add some more ingredients, I usually go with fennel sausage, mushrooms and more olives. I love the crust on their pizzas, thin but chewy. Add a glass or 2 of red wine and perfection!I appreciate that they offer a number of affordable bottles of wine (~$30) and a great beer selection as well. Plus, I can stumble home afterwards.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/29/2014,127,121,13,13,13>A friend of mine said I was too harsh in one of my reviews that I slapped a one star on and my use of adjectives seemed to offend him a little. I had to hear about it for the rest of the day. Friend, if you're reading this.. This one's for you.Target is like a bright happy ray of sunshine in my cup is always full in a field of daisies existence. They have almost everything; from stuff to powder my nose, rosy up my cheeks, perk up the girls, suck in my thighs and clean my hiney all while eating granola bars and petting unicorns. I smile as I walk through to over-priced produce sections and smell freshish breads coming from the bakery. If I wasn't on such a daintily strict diet of water and lemons, I would dare to look at the dessert cakes... But I mustn't tempt myself. I'm a lady, after all. Loves!Okay, that's all I can muster up. It's never taken me that long to write a paragraph before.. It's hard being a lady!There are a few things I absolutely love about Target. The first (and probably the most popular) being that it's not a goddamn Wal*Mart. Win.The second is their selection of "all natural" foods, be it boxed snacks or sodas. I'm too cheap to be fully organic but I like to trick myself and pretend "all natural" actually means something. Me=satisfied with lying to myself.Win.The clothes is kind of iffy but every now and again I find a nice shirt or those badass space cat leggings. The trends that Target pushes in the women's sections is ridiculous because it looks like the 1990's is trying to claw it's way out of it's god forsaken grave. Meanwhile, the men's section is basically the same all year 'round. Women who impulse buy drive the economy, ya know.The fitting rooms are the bane of my existence. I don't know if it's the lighting or my oddly disproportionate lumpy body that casts horrifying shadows on the wall (like those dead trees at night time when you're a little kid and you're so terrified of it grabbing you that you pee all over your friend's bed.. *cricket, cricket*...) I'd rather drag my face against broken glass and jagged concrete than try something on in there. If you're ever feeling good about yourself and really need to be slapped back into the sad reality that you're not as good looking as you thought you were, then come to Target and try on a swim suit. They leave nooses in the back if you need one.The furniture sections is not bad if you're looking for a cheap semi-temporary piece but the quality is reflected in the price. The visual appeal on the other hand probably makes it the best deal if you want something trendy that won't put you in debt.The staff are always working instead of clogging up the aisles talking like the cool kids in high school. Actually, they weren't cool. They were assholes.There's really nothing extremely fascinating about Target and it's probably really a 3 star establishment but that extra star... yeah, that's because it's not a fucking Wal*Mart.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,10/30/2013,61,246,1,5,1>"The best Italian food since my Italy trip" were the words out my Father's mouth as we exited Broders Pasta Bar.  We came here around 6:30 on a Friday and the wait was a bit over an hour.  I didn't know you could call ahead as I just knew they didn't take reservations.  This was no problem, however, as there were plenty of spots on their lovely patio, where drinks and small plates were being served.  We ordered some beverages, cheese plate and breadsticks with herby marscapone dip.  Everything was fabulous.  It wasn't long after we finished our snacks when we were buzzed for a table.  The restaurant itself is very small but not cramped.  The menu is rather limited to about 20-25 dishes that all focus around their homemade pasta.  If you are trying to avoid carbs, just dont ever come here as it would be nearly impossible (and you would be tempted beyond imagination).  Complimentary breads are served at the table, which helped tide us over further until our entrees arrived.  Everyone really enjoyed their dish.  Portions are appropriate for one person and the prices here are high for "pasta" but these dishes are carefully prepared with superior ingredients.  It was a fantastic dinner, enjoyed by all.The service was great too.  This is a classy place but casual enough to walk in wearing jeans.I will definitely be back!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/29/2013,124,263,,6,4>Health conscious vegans: this is fancy pants dining for you. The vegan items on the menu are not trying to be meat or dairy analogues; it is all good, healthy plant based food. All vegan options are marked clearly with a "V".We had:*Spiced Cauliflower with Hummus and Pita*Vegetable-Soba Spring Rolls*Kale with Pickled Fresno & Crispy Garlic*Brocolini with Chili and Pecans*Gingered Lentils*A delicious vegan dessert which isn't on the menu - ginger ice with berriesWe also enjoyed:*Impeccable service*Delicious booze (vodka for her, local beer for him)*The lovely patio with excellent music playing in the backgroundI can't wait to go back. This is exactly what I crave for a night out.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/28/2013,82,194,2,5,4>What a cool little piece of history!  I had some family in from out of town who really appreciate old victorian homes, so we came here for a visit.  The tour was lovely and as it was a weekend they even had a live organ player in the organ room.  This house was enormous and really took you back in time to see all the the fixtures and clothing from that period.The laundry room was both scary and really made me appreciate my washing machine.  This is a great half day outing and the tour was just the right length with enough history and stories to make it interesting.  Worth checking out even if your not into victorian homes, you'll appreciate your modern conveniences much more, I promise!
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/27/2013,16,83,2,3,5>I love this place!  I've been twice, once for a to go coffee and once for sit-sown breakfast - two thumbs up.  I don't like to review new places too soon but they just hit it out of the park so I had to sing their praises.  The space is sunny and bright with a couple of tables outside.  Very simple decor but I loved the buttercream walls and subway tile. My first visit was for coffee and a freshly baked biscuit with red pepper and gouda, it was still warm and oh so delicious.  My new go-to spot when picking something up before work, a welcome addition to Downtown St. Paul.My second breakfast visit was spectacular.  I had the huevos rancheros benedict, which was to die for.  It am pretty sure this is the best breakfast dish I have had that I can remember.  Poached eggs, black beans, corn, avocado, ranchero sauce over a corn cake - need I say more?  But there is, it came with a side of lightly dressed greens and fresh fruit.  I loved how fresh tasting everything was, don't expect the hollandaise, I believe it was a fresh tasting sour cream instead.  This dish was just amazing, so flavorful, fresh and healthy. Good stuff.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/26/2013,48,140,2,2,2>What could bring me back from my wedding-related Yelp review hiatus?  A fabulous, fantastic dress appointment here at Andrea's Vintage Bridal!  When I came in on a Friday of a long weekend I was feeling a bit bogged down with all of the money we've been shelling out between wedding vendors and buying a house this fall.  So it was more than a relief to find that many of the dresses here were within our budget, the 15(ish) gowns I tried on were all under $2500(most WELL under that) every one had great details or beautiful quality fabrics.  That being said - it is a vintage shop - so the dresses range in various levels of preservation.  Everything Nik (Andrea's daughter, who ran my appointment) has you try on is able to be recovered by the tailor that she works with....if you want to see the dresses that are beyond repair you can find those hanging in the restroom as decoration.Speaking of Nik, trust her!  She put me in a ton of different styles of dresses and used my reactions to narrow in on the perfect dress.  She is really great at helping envision updates to dresses that will help a vintage item really feel like yours and flatter you better.  I'm very excited to start the alterations process...I tried on my dress at home and while I still love it, I can't wait to see it after all of the tweaks that Nik helped me imagine.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/25/2013,81,401,3,6,3>We ate at Szechuan once when we first arrived in the Twin Cities almost two years ago now, and I'm kind of embarrassed that it has taken us this long to get back there. But we did finally go back. Szechuan is one of those awesome find kind of places that's tucked away in a strip mall and easy to miss. To get to it, turn onto the side street where the Outback is. Don't make the mistake of thinking you can turn right into the strip mall from Snelling because you can't, and you have to go a fair ways before you can make a U turn. So head for the Outback and find your way to the access road from there.OK, food: We totally love the Szechuan dumplings in chili oil, which are on the appetizer list for like $7 or something ridiculously cheap like that. They are lovely (pork, i think) dumplings that come drenched in the most amazing chili oil and big pats of pressed garlic. Oh -- soooo yummy. The dan dan noodles are pretty decent though not as spicy as I'd like. I got the peking pork this time around, and asked for the pancakes too (extra charge).. The pork was super yummy, with the right kind of hoisin flavor and that delightfully crunchy yet sticky flavor that seems to be iconic of peking anything. We also got the chicken with mixed vegetables, which was fine, but paled in comparison with everything else we ordered.Szechuan is a really nice option for authentic Chinese in the area, and it is super delicious. Oh, and the tea is really good -- not watered down and served in an actual ceramic tea pot instead of a metal one. Bonus!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,10/24/2013,26,56,3,6,6>Bryant Lake Bowl will always be the quintessence of Uptown for me. Forget Calhoun Square and all of the corporate chain nonsense that is Hennepin/Lake. BLB has it all: local food, craft brews, bowling, Cheap Date Night, theatre, music, an annual street festival, and a kitchen that's open past midnight. I have surrendered to the fact that the service here is just not very good. Once you accept that and let it go, you'll find it much easier to enjoy yourself. The food is amazing, there's always a plethora of great craft brews on tap, and their support of the arts via the awesome variety of events they host is top-notch. BLB is a true community-centric business.It is small and can get pretty busy during peak times, so come at an off time if you don't want to wait for a table. That said, I've never had to wait for a table.There's not a whole lot else to say that hasn't already been said. This is Minneapolis, folks; don't miss it.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,10/23/2013,31,65,3,3,5>Another 5 star review of course!This market is amazing, all the produce, herbs, flowers, meats and breads are GORGEOUS. Everything is local ( a requirement of the market itself, which is awesome. Minneapolis market is NOT all local, btw. ) Great prices, I came home with quite a lot for only $17, then spent another $10 on the most AMAZING juniper & peppercorn chevre. OMG. It's so good. Get some honey sticks to suck on while you walk around, it's a good time!Some people have mentioned parking can be troublesome, I can see how it could potentially be an annoyance but I have never had an issue with it myself. It's pretty much all street parking, and it's metered BUT it's electric meters and when I go pay for my stall, the machine says it free for the first 2 hours for "Farmer's Market Special"  And I've never parked more than a block away. p.s. bring cash! duh.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/22/2013,92,197,2,6,5>My Favorite Farmers Market so far.I've visited St Paul, Midtown, Kingfield, Minneapolis and Richfield markets and this one is pretty unique.  The location really sets it apart from all the others, being right at the Guthrie in the heart of Mill City really makes this a great place to visit.  The prices are a little more, I would say $2-3 dollars extra for more common items like beans, potatoes and corn. There are quite a few craft options and the cooking demos are a really cool feature as well.There is decent food too, Spoon River making Crepes, Salty Tart with bakery items and Chef Shack among some of the more popular choices.  When I was here Chef Shack was like 45 minutes from start of line to food in hand, it is a definite attraction.This is a great destination for a weekend morning and right in the middle of a lot of other great things to do.  I'll definitely keep this in the weekend market rotation.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,10/21/2013,16,110,3,4,4>I just gave Indeed the 5 star stamp but Dangerous Man is also deserving. Another place that "gets it", really understands what craft beer is about. Ever rotating taps of different beers to try. They don't have to worry about production brewing, like canning or bottling so they have obviously put everything into creating an awesome tap room. The beer is damn good but I will say I don't enjoy it quite as much as Indeed but we're talking half to quarter star nit picking now I'm gonna shut up about that. Yes, this place is crowded but they haven't been open very long and how can I remove stars for something like that. I can't. They're busy, congratulations on the success, they deserve it. This is my 2nd favorite taproom in the metro, they nailed it.P.S. I forgot to mention they have the over sized pint glasses here to ensure you get a proper pint. This is awesome, many places say they're pouring pints but they are not. Props to Dangerous man for doing it right.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,10/15/2010,27,51,2,3,5>Connected the the 7th Street Entry. Owned by First Ave. (it's in the old Unbank/Manhattan Pizza place).I went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon during a Twins game and it was the perfect place for a tasty lunch in a nice open space. I ordered the Wedge salad and it was awesome. It had these classy leafy greens covered with french fried onions, sun dried tomatoes, and a delicious blue cheese dressing. Small too, which was nice as I ordered it with a Diamond Dog... Now their Diamond Dog is pretty brilliant, since it's not only a hot dog wrapped in both cheese and tasty applewood BACON, it's also deep-fried and served on a pretzel bun. Whoever thinks of this stuff deserves an award or something. The dog was served with kettle chips ($1.50 extra for fries).My only complaint was that my friend had to pay $6 for the shot of Bailey's in her coffee.A note about the environs: Good stuff. Love the garage door "door." LOVE the framed rock photos throughout the establishment. The bathrooms are hella accessible. And I loved the flat screen TV's. I heard some of the live shows from First Ave will be played on them too. It's overall a really nice layout and perfect for grabbing a bit before a show or game.PS. SUPER weird ordering coffee at a place that is essentially part of First Ave...but hey...it's all good. I don't always need to get drunk when I hit up this landmark ;)
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,10/14/2010,203,560,,4,5>Highly recommended for happy hour, especially when the weather is nice.  Head out back to the patio.  Enjoy a supurb bloody mary (it's billed the Bloody Russian and it is created with house made horseradish vodka), a most dangerous Marusya Gold (cherry vodka and champagne) or half price tap beers (a good selection, including Gosa Dark and Pilsner Urquell, to name two).  Try some of the specially priced appetizers (the liver pate and the pelmini are highlights).  If you're really into it, enjoy a shot of house infused vodka.  You will leave happy, full and with money left in your wallet.  Nastrovia!
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,10/13/2010,49,97,1,7,4>The debate over which pub founded the Jucy Lucy is completely inconsequential while Blue Door Pub is still in business.  The "gourmet" Lucy's on the menu look like they are all to-die-for.  Our group shared the deep fried pickles (a treat I thought reserved only for the State Fair) and the spam balls.  The spam balls were such a simple concept, but the result was pure genius.  Cream cheese, pickle, spam, deep fryer...hello miracle!I got The Frenchy...caramelized onions and swiss cheese melted into the patty, with a side of aus jus.  I'm pretty sure that's impossible to screw up.  My only regret?  Ordering the fries instead of the tater tots.  The fries were average and the tots were amazing.  Also, fries/tots cost $2 extra and do not come with the burgers.  Something I didn't catch until I got the bill, and I was a bit sad.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,10/11/2010,87,290,3,5,3>Cheap beer, cheap drinks, cheap food and a low-key atmosphere within stumbling distance of all things Lowertown (and if you play your cards right you will be stumbling).Haven't had the joy of spending anytime on their patio, but definitely recommend the Depot if you're looking for a more relaxed local bar scene in the downtown area. Not sure it fits the dive mold others have put this place in - just a low key place to hang out and grab a cheap drink without having to deal with the hipsters/scenesters slowly taking over Lowertown.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,10/10/2010,223,363,3,5,6>As a kid I really liked pizza, even though the only pizza we ate was Dominos. And Pizza Hut. I can laugh now, but then again, if you offered me a slice now I still wouldn't say no. Oh, supreme-style...My tastes have grown up, and having fine pizza joints in the Twin Cities helps fuel my sophisticated pizza exploration. The price is a little cheaper here than punch; one pizza costs about the same but it feeds about two people, if you throw in an appetizer. The crust is a little heartier so the middle of the pizza is never soggy like Punch. I like both Neapolitan pizza places equally, so it depends on how I feel when I'm in a pizza mood.You need to try the meatballs; they're incredibly light and delicious. Most people will probably thing, ugh, balls of meat. But like I said, they're so airy that it's surprising they're made of meat. You get five meatballs, which is good for two people. For pizza, I enjoyed the quattro staggione and the rucola. The quattro staggione, a regular "red" pizza, has pepperoni, prosciutto, artichokes, and porcini mushrooms. So good; the prosciutto gets crispy and I like artichokes a lot. The rucola, a white pizza, has prosciutto and arugula. The bitterness of the arugula tempers the rich prosciutto and cheese nicely. It's refreshing.We've come here about three times, the most recent being this past Friday. We have come in the early evening or afternoon for lunch, and there were never crowds. However, we were only able to find seats at the counter, by the oven. This was fine, but the place was packed and there were only two servers.It took a long time to order everything, because the servers were running around to the other tables. We had received our meatballs, but hadn't ordered our pizza yet. It seemed like we'd been forgotten. Fortunately, one of the pizza makers took pity on us, asked us what we wanted, and made us a pizza. This was so awesome - THANK YOU - because there was a backlog of pizzas waiting to be sent to tables.That experience would not deter me from coming back, but I'll remember to come at the more odd hours again.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,10/9/2010,271,845,3,9,7>Update: I am obsessed with Little Szechuan. The food here is about as addictive as it gets, and wonderfully spicy, fresh and unusual.I just tried the teatree mushrooms in dry pot ($12) which is probably the only place in the Twin Cities where you can get a dish like this. It consists of long, flower-like chewy mushrooms with bell peppers and scallions in an unusual garlic sauce. The mushrooms are extremely chewy, but I loved them, and again, this is a dish you won't find elsewhere.I also love the "dan dan noodles" ($5) a simple dish of wheat noodles stir-fried in a spicy peanut sauce. The dish could have used more green onions, and maybe even some bell peppers, but it was otherwise extremely tasty. Make sure to ask for it without meat.The "stir-fried A choy" ($9) is also really great. It's basically some type of vegetable, similar to Chinese broccoli, in a garlic oil sauce. I asked them to add Szechuan peppers to it and this made it a spicy marvel.Little Szechuan is definitely not your ordinary Chinese restaurant though it may appear to be on pure looks alone. For one thing, the menu has unusual items such as lotus root, pea tips and bamboo tips, and you have to search pretty hard on the menu to find American-Chinese dishes (such as General Tso's), which are called "classics" and tacked onto one of the final menu pages in much smaller font size.Like old-school Chinese restaurants, Little Szechuan gives you a big pot of Jasmine tea for free and, unlike most Chinese restaurants, they also give you a small bowl full of cucumbers in a sweet sauce. That was unusual and pretty damn tasty.The first time I went I shared a House-style tofu ($9.95) and a stir-fried pea tips ($11.95) with a friend. The tofu was pretty tasty and had the perfect level of spiciness---just enough to make you feel it, but not enough to make you reach for your water after every bite. The dish itself consisted of lightly fried tofu slabs and lots of cabbage.The pea tips were tasty, but I'm not sure this is a great dish in itself, as it consists of just tons of pea tips in a garlic sauce and nothing else. If it came in a smaller portion it might make for a good appetizer.The second time I visited I got to try and share a few more dishes, including the ma po tofu ($9.95), Szechuan spicy tofu ($9.95), kung pao lotus root ($12.95) and Szechuan cucumbers (or something to that effect, $9.95). The ma po was good and had an unusual tangy flavor; that said, I prefer the ma po at Evergreen, which has slightly better tofu and also mock pork in the mix (minced pork is often times added to the sauce of traditional ma po tofu). The Szechuan spicy tofu was excellent, with fried tofu, red bell peppers and scallions in a subtly sweet and spicy dry seasoning. The kung pao lotus root was okay, and I love lotus root (it's not commonly seen on menus), but I didn't think the brown sauce's flavor they used was great (too much corn starch, as well). Lastly, the Szechuan cucumbers were amazing---very simply stir-fried cucumbers in a soy sauce with dry red chilis. This would be a great appetizer with beer and a football game.The service was fast and prompt though I've heard it gets busy on weekend nights. The customers comprised actual Chinese people and more than a few "in the know" Minnesotans.I wish they offered mockmeat options or even just mock duck. Also, they don't have brown rice, which is always a devastating blow to both my taste preference and my health. C'est la vie. Little Szechuan is one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Twin Cities though I think Evergreen in Minneapolis is the reigning king.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,10/8/2010,94,61,16,1,5>I am currently falling asleep from a bunch of Benedryl I took for a bee sting on my face, so if this is more incoherent than usual, that's why.This review is based solely on their happy hour.The Boy works in downtown St Paul and occasionally when I'm feeling like a loving girlfriend, I drive down here to meet him for happy hour. The following is a transcript of my last visit.Unstung me (UM from now on) walks in, sits down at bar.Bartender (B): Hello Honey, what would you like?UM: Gin and tonic?Bartender looks puzzled, leans over and whispers to other occupants of bar stools.B: You want lime with that?UM: SureB: Ok honey I need...I need...He shapes his hands into a square the size of a driver's license. I hand it over.B squints at me...then at DL, then at me.B: Honey, this not look like you.UM: Uhhh...it's me, I swear.B: Honey, this not look like you. You have improved since this picture!UM: Thanks?B then leans forward, and picks at my forehead. What?!?B: Honey, you have a pimple.After this revelation, the Boy finally showed up and ordered a Miller Lite B: No Miller Lite! This is Japanese restaurant! You order Sapporo! Japanese beer.Another bartender stands behind him. Shaking his head he opens a bottle of ML and hands it to the BoyOther B: Dude, Sapporo is made in Ontario.B: You have to sell this, man! You can't say it's from Ontario! Say it's Japanese!As he is speaking, he loses his fake accent and starts sounding very Minnesotan. I discover while sucking on edemame and spearing their delicious dumplings, that B1 wasn't really a bartender, which explains the massive strength of my G&T and the fact that he asked the other customers how to make it. He may also be currently drunk. Neither the Boy, other bartender, or I, are really sure.The HH special is very good: options are limited obviously, but we always leave full and satisfied after a few California, tuna, and salmon rolls. Apparently, just like Sapporo, our sushi choices are not even of the Japanese variety. Not like I really care.But, for entertainment value, sit at the bar. It can't be beat.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,10/7/2010,139,324,5,4,7>So, we are on the St Paul crawl and someone says "Let's stop at this little French bakery for some croissants" -- who am I to say no?  We come into view of the place and it is a former Popeye's Chicken with a giant chain link fence around the perimeter.  My eyebrow raises in skepticism.  We got there a little late in the day, so a lot of the flavors were already sold out.  I got the apricot, which I was pleasantly surprised by.  Little chunks of apricot in the center, not a schmear of preserves.  It made it very light and lovely, instead of overly sticky.  I also wrangled a bite of the coconut one - yum.  The pastry itself was so well-balanced - flaky on the outside, while still moist on the inside layers.  Not at all dry or soggy like some croissants can get.  You can't judge a book by its cover and Trung Nam is a perfect reminder of that.    :)
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,10/6/2010,71,160,2,4,3>I think this is one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in Frogtown.  I like going here for their Pho.  My grandma lives in a nursing home, so I try to bring her Vietnamese food once in awhile. I've bought her pho from various places around the University Ave area, but this is her favorite.  I also like their Mi Quang.  The owners are super nice and service is always friendly.  The place is pretty small, but between fast service and fast food, tables turns over quick.  Therefore, your wait for a table isn't too bad.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,10/5/2010,15,75,7,7,6>This place is the best. I should have written this review a while ago but better late then never. This is a great story I want to share. My dining companion is not much of a meat eater. The last time we were at Murray's she had a potato gnocchi that was the special. She said it was out of this world. So we wanted to back; me for the rib eye her for the gnocchi. I called Murray's to inquire about the gnocchi being made again. They told me it was not planned for the menu for while but I could email the chef to get a better idea. So I did. Chef John Van House was very pleasant and accommodating. He said to give him a little notice when we would be back and he would special make the gnocchi. I was blown away, now that's service. We did indeed go, she had the gnocchi and it was wonderful again. I had the rib eye again which was also great; perfectly seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium rare. The rest of the meal was also great. Murray's is now our official go to place for celebrations and special dinners. PS My mouth watered a little while writing the review.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,7/10/2009,4,2,11,3,3>This is the best restaurant in the Twin Cities, maybe in the entire galaxy.  The food is great and very cheap.  With its exotic feel and great deals it makes for a perfect "First Date" with a special someone.  I've taken about three girls there now, and with each one of them it has become "Our special little place."
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,7/9/2009,4,11,4,4,3>Sometimes, the most unassuming restaurants have the best food and Victor's would be a good example of that. The building is a tiny shack with limited seating and graffiti all over the walls. And there is a picture of Tom Cruise with an autograph to Victor that perplexes me every time I visit. Maybe Victor is a Scientologist? I may never know...Here is what I get almost every time I eat at Victor's.Cafe Con LecheFried Plantains!!! Holy shit these are amazing!Dia y Noche...or...Eggs Havana...or...Ranchero CubanoI've never been for lunch or dinner. Maybe someday I shall.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,7/8/2009,16,52,,6,2>Quangs: Best deal in town. Ever since my first taste, I've had a consistent stream of Pho course though my veins.  At the same time, about 10 years back, I tried my first spring roll.  My opinion of food changed forever. I actually tasted the season of spring!  Never thought that possible.  I've tried (more than once) almost every Vietnamese place on Eat Street (and a few in Frog Town) which I can find the entrance to.  I always order their Pho and spring rolls. I've liked them all but not equally.  I have 0 idea of what Quangs secret ingredient is.  Might be the sprinkles of Love or MSG.  Not sure but what ever it is, Quangs uses it with out restraint. Jasmin Deli, Pho 79 all have special places in my stomach and I revisit them from time to time.  Quangs, however, has me in its weekly grip.  Eggrolls:  Chrispy and so flavorful.  Pho:  rich broth, perfectly done noodles, basil, lime, and sprouts on the side.  Spring Rolls:  Soft and fresh with crispy greens inside and an addictive peanut dipping sauce. Chicken Wing App: Deep frying takes time compared to the rest but the best wings in town.  Weekend specials include one of the best soups ever born:  The Sea Bass Soup.  It desivers all capitol letters.  Try it for under $8 and you'll understand.  Also, a new menu item gave us another reason to keep up our weekly visits:  the Grilled Ginger Salmon over Broken Rice.  If you've tried their Grilled Marinated Chicken over broken rice, its the same great plate of food but Salmon and an entirely new flavor.  Love it!One thing I've learned though is that picking up To Go makes a big difference in food experience.  If you dine in, things are fast, very fresh, and service is great.  By the time food gets home, it can loose its edge so I recommend dining in and shooting the shit with some of the awesome servers.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,7/7/2009,154,274,5,6,5>Matt's Bar is a dive bar.It's a small, dimly lit, smokey little place (due to the grill being behind the bar), that is usually pretty packed. It seems like your typical small town bar that is filled with a menagerie of folks. It's a humble setting with limited seating. The wait staff are friendly enough, but incredibly inattentive. Trust me, you're better off bringing a roadside flare or some kind of brightly colored flag along with you so you can frantically wave it around in the air anytime you need your drink refilled. All hope is lost otherwise for ever getting a drink of water when you desperately need it. The only reason why I gave Matt's Bar a 4 star rating is because of the . . .*drum roll please*                           THE JUICY LUCY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is a burger of epic taste. There is another bar and grill restaurant in town (5-8 Tavern) that boasts itself as being the 'home of the juicy lucy', but I say nay sir, it holds NO comparison to the Juicy Lucy of Matt's Bar. It's a flaming hot burger that is cooked over a bed of diced onions, giving it a little extra seasoning, inside is a molten core of cheese, piping hot and ready to give your mouth and lips a good ol' third degree burn. Heed the precautionary warning that the wait staff gives you, this sucker will burn layers off the roof of your mouth if you aren't careful! And since the wait staff and negligent with the water, make sure you take all the time necessary to set yourself up with bountiful amounts of liquid mouth extinguishers. If you want a meal that goes great with some cheap beer, do yourself a friggin' service and truck it on over to Matt's Bar, order up a juicy lucy and a basket of fries. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,7/6/2009,14,32,1,7,6>GREAT food and really good service. We stopped by for a bite and we were the only ones in the joint on a Sunday. They have 2 for 1 happy hour on beer and wine. They serve local beers- such as all the Surly's in can and tap you can imagine. We ordered the pizza- but it was the pie- fresh tomatoes and olive oil. the crust was crisp and tasty. I was very impressed. I honestly think the best thin crust I've had in Msp. Or maybe it was the personal service and atmosphere but truly a great pizza. The waiter was the owner's son and he told us about how his parents meet at the only Pie shop in Trenton. They feel in love moved to MN to have kids and moved back to NJ and then back to MN. Opening Papa's a few years ago. My dining partner happened to have been to that Pie Shop also and they chatted it up. The outside patio looked really inviting. Lattice and flowers around a brick laid patio. Really sweet set up on a not busy street. They offered us homemade dessert but I was stuffed. Next time though I will save room. PLEASE consider supporting this locally owned and small restaurant. Keep the Northside in business. It truly was a great find. They have a poor mans breakfast on the menu too. Affordable and fresh ingredients.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,7/5/2009,102,126,5,20,9>I adore Taqueria La Hacienda.  Not only because their tacos are amazing, authentic, and cheap but because they opened a location in Burnsville.  Yes, I said BURNSVILLE!  Now the people of this humble suburb have an option other than the Olive Garden, Fridays, and Chiles.  Oh-happy-day!  So, my faves are the al pastor and carne asada tacos.  They are $1 and some change each and I can eat about 3 of them.  My husband and I fill up here for about $12.  You can't beat that.  Ooh, and there's an authentic Mexican bakery next door.  All-in-all....it's muy bueno.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2008,7/4/2009,9,36,3,3,5>All hail the mighty Cedar! Well o.k. maybe not all, just a few of you back there in the back. The Cedar is a neighborhood bar in every sense. Greasy ass god knows what on the menus and pictures of people sitting on there various choppers, bobbers, fatboys, & sportsters line the ceilings. The jukebox is as vanilla as it comes. There are pulltabs. And "Bagz" the arcade game in the corner. You know the game where you try to throw bean bags into a whole on a slanted platform? Yea that, only in video game form! All in all the Cedar is that bar that your parents would take you to after their softball game. Cheap beer, good folks, & bar food.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,7/3/2009,80,225,9,9,8>After rising from the ashes of my (seemingly) weeks long battle with the flu, I was hungry. And I wanted BBQ.Sure, I hadn't eaten a real meal in at least a week (do wings from Papa John's even count?) but I was reeeeady for some action. I thought we'd have to drive to Rudolph's (which is about as far as I was willing to let the man drive/wait - do you think I was going out looking like I did? Hells naw) so imagine how AWESOME it was to find Scott Ja-Mama's.Ok, so we live like, 5 minutes from the place and I've sat in enough traffic right in front of it to know it's there, it's just so tiny that I never remember it. He told us when the food would be ready and he wasn't a minute late. The place is the size of a closet, the guy was super nice, the prices are incredibly cheap and the ribs? Holy lord, I ate until my "eatin' pants" (aka sweat pants) were uncomfortable. The chicken was a little dry but the sides made up for it. Who am I kidding? I ate the chicken, too.I can't even remember the time when I was a vegan/vegetarian. Is that bad?(Oh, and they are only open 3 or 4 days out of the week, so call first.)
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,7/2/2009,26,154,1,8,5>It is suggested to get reservations if you plan on going for a weekend dinner.  Our party of 6 had a reservation for 8:30, because it was a bigger party, they had us wait for that later time.  El Meson was definitely a little hard to find driving by during the night, they don't have flashy lights or anything, it's very easy to pass by without noticing it.  Once seated, you notice how small and cozy the restaurant is....except for that cold breeze you get from the freakin' air conditioner.  It's the middle of fall, and yet they got the air conditioner going at full blast.  With that being said, I figured we better have a carafe of their sangria to warm up the system, which by the way, was refreshing and tasty!  Only a couple of us got the carafe, but the rest of the table started to get their IDs out after a sip of our drinks.  We ordered a couple of appetizers:  the ceviche and the fried plantains.  We really enjoyed the flavors of the ceviche.  It was like a party in your mouth.  Someone we knew talked up the fried plantains and I was expecting something absolutely phenomenal....but I thought it just tasted like chips and salsa.  For our entrees, we all ordered something different in order to try as many different things as possible.  Here were some things we tried on the menu:- Ternero:  Delicious!  Grilled petite pieces of beef tenderloins.  I was afraid to order it, but it turned out to be awesome.  I loved the carmelized onions and the potatoes with the beef.  Everyone else tried it and loved it.- Carne Frita con Mofongo:  sauteed pork tenderloins served with plantains, very nice flavor.  - Plata: pan seared grouper served in a tangy sauce.  Tender, lime-y taste at the end.  Very different, but good.- Bistec Encebollado: sauteed marinated beef tenderloins with onions and wine sauce.  Great burst of flavor!And we ended the night with a few of their desserts:- Key Lime Pie:  our waiter recommended it.  He said it was the best in Minneapolis.  That was quite a statement, so we tried it.  It was pretty good, but I don't know if it's the best in Minneapolis.  Others at our table said Oceanaire had better key lime pie.  So, there goes his statement...- Chocolate Trio Torte:  warm chocolate cake that melts in your mouth.  Very good!  - Coconut Flan:  Not usually a flan person, but, it was good.  It was more dense/thick than what I've normally had.  But the flavor was good.  We were there past their closing time, but we enjoyed our dinner there.  I'd definitely go again.  The food was great, the atmosphere was perfect, and our waiter was really helpful and very nice.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2009,7/1/2009,42,213,1,6,5>Was looking forward to trying this place out sooner than later and ended up coming by accident for happy hour today.Happy hour is anywhere in the restaurant and it is $2.95 for some tap beers and their house wine as well as three special happy hour apps.My boyfriend and I tried the meatball sliders, which were extremely meaty and had a lot of seasoning going on.  The little Italian flags on top made them quite festive.I had a house white, which was a more than generous serving in a normal wine glass (I am so not into that trend of serving wine in juice glasses) and my boyfriend had a Grain Belt.Because the happy hour menu is a little skimpy (while the hours and fact that it is offered all around the restaurant are great), we decided to try some other menu items.I picked the side of parmesan waffle fries with the $1 bourbon BBQ sauce and he chose the Fairbault Creamery "Caveman" Cheese Curds which came out with a smoked tomato ketchup.  They were out of bernaise because apparently after one day, it is their most popular sauce.  Not that I could blame anyone for loving that.The fries came on a narrow rectangular plate in a small aluminum tumbler with the sauce in a dish alongside.  The curds came in a basket.  Both were delicious, but both had cooking issues - the fries were undercooked, the curds didn't have enough batter so the cheese had seeped through and some curd shells were empty and there was a pool of cheese at the bottom of the basket.The fry trio is served in a standing basket which looked pretty cool and the burgers are served on rectangular aluminum trays on paper.  One thing Parasole definitely rocks at is presentation.Because I am a service fiend, I have to note that our server was chatty, personable and helpful.  SO really, everything you could possibly look for in a dream-server.  Because they opened yesterday, they had way more servers wandering around than one would normally expect but, c'est la vie.  I would much rather have more servers than less.I will definitely come back and check this place out once they've been up and running a little longer!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/10/2012,949,964,4,8,6>You wouldn't believe the number of popular ice cream places that don't know what an ice cream soda is. Not here, they know everything retro soda fountain. Fizzy water, chocolate syrup, and ice cream usually vanilla, is as basic as it gets. You can do all your retro candy buying here too. I hope the nearby students catch on to the same after school memories as we baby boomers. They are open early, so at 10:00 is when I had my first chocolate ice cream soda with chocolate ice cream. I explained that because of the calories, and calories producing heat, that this cold day was just right for this treat. I like that the ice cream is a Wisconsin import, a state that excels in dairy. Right next door to the Nook, you'll say, why not, after the greasy goodness of your jucy nookie. I rode by twice for the grand opening and lines were out the door. It's a small space, but considering it's a retro concept, you may not need the Woolworth counter just yet. John and Toby Lynden, and partner Matt are awesome people who found a niche that seems like a sure thing. I promised myself that it would be a treat and not a habit.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,8/9/2012,114,193,22,15,6>It's going to be an enormous challenge to write this review without sounding like a junior high school boy.Okay, I give up. BALLS IN YOUR MOUTH. If you're looking for food, that's what you get at Devil's Advocate.I have to say, DA has the most unique food menu I've seen in a long time. You get a sheet with pencils, not unlike a sushi joint. You choose the number of meatballs you want on your sandwich. You choose which type of meat you want your balls to be (pork, salmon, falafel -- yay!). You choose a sauce, you choose a cheese. BANG. That's your meal.  Oh, you can get your balls on a plate of noodles or polenta, too.  100% scalable to appetite. And there are several sides to round everything out. But the crux? Balls.  In your mouth.  NO OTHER OPTIONS, other than a few sides.And they are delicious balls, folks. I stuffed those salmon balls straight down my throat, punctuated with a nice pomodoro.  My husband went for the chicken and pesto. Both of us agreed that the meatballs were well spiced and super-flavorful. We had arugula salads with our balls and those were fabulous as well. We also hit the fried pies for dessert, which were delightful in their trashy goodness.But let's not neglect the long line of taps, which are all micros and imports; you are provided a list with descriptions of each, so if you're not a beer expert, you can at least hit in the right general area of your taste without guesswork. The wine list is ridiculously and unexpectedly extensive as well -- this was somewhat of a surprise.Granted, Devil's Advocate carries severe limitations when it comes to food, but that's okay if they're just trying to lure you in for beer or wine.  Or balls. In your mouth.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,8/8/2012,126,98,1,6,3>This theater is the NE counterpart to Lagoon theater in Uptown.Though a little less known it is located with in the amazing St Anthony Main theater. Other than offering current Hollywood films. It also shows independent / foreign films on Screen 3Here are the extras- Free Parking validation in a ramp when you come to see the movie here.- you may or perhaps you should take a stroll around the st Anthony main street and enjoy the falls before your movie starts.- Grab a drink or a bite to eat in the near by cafes. - During Spring it hosts International Film Festival for approximately three weeks. It is perhaps the closest you can get to having a "European" experience with in Minneapolis. At the end of your experience you may say to yourself ... hmmm life is good With that said, can your local chain theater beat this experience? I doubt it  ;-)
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,8/7/2012,66,150,4,5,2>I just had my ceremony & reception at FIVE late last month. I had very few choices for the size (60-75 guests) and look (nontraditional, loungy, a great place to have a band) I was going for and this place really fit the bill. The ambiance is so great you don't have to bring really anything but votives. You also can choose your own caterer (for a small fee) and aren't restricted to a "preferred list" like many venues have. If I got married a second time it might be awkward, but I'd go there again :)
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,8/6/2012,40,57,2,4,2>After a few visits, I can say this without a doubt in my mind... BBC is my new favorite brunch spot.  Lets start with the decor.  Clean and simple.  I love the display of Antlers on one wall and the antique mirrors on another.  It's unique and inviting.  Now, lets talk menu... It's not often that I find a menu that leaves me with 3 or 4 dishes that I need to narrow down to one.  All the standards are covered as well as a panoply of more unique dishes, like the Norske Scramber (scrambled eggs with house smoked salmon, dill & creme fraiche, served with hash browns), the Oxtail Hash( root vegetables, onions & oxtail, with two basted eggs & hollandaise from scratch), & the Veal Sweetbreads Benedict (with two poached eggs, english muffin, steamed spinach & hollandaise).  Wow, can't wait to try these... that is if I can pry myself away from ordering the Bahn Mi Sandwich (slow roasted pork, jalapenos, pickled vegetables, pate, cilantro & mayo ).  I love Bahn Mi, so I was skeptical to try this at a non-Vietnamese joint (nothing will beat the real thing... lets get real), but I was impressed with this sandwich.  Served on ciabatta instead of the usual baguette - it was a respectable take on the original.  I'd like to see them serve a little dish of Sriacha with it, as I like the spiciness to balance out the richness of the pate.  Anyway, give it a go, it's good.  I did also try the soup du jour which was a red pepper puree with goat cheese crumbles.  I liked the idea, but the soup was flat and uninteresting once the goat cheese was gone.  More seasoning of some sort would have brightened this soup.  I liked the idea though.Hoping to be able to edit this review with Lunch and Dinner thoughts.Cheers.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,8/5/2012,18,140,5,3,3>OMFG, I am still licking the greasy soy sauce off my fingers and just about to fall into a food coma. I stopped in on a whim, actually I was at the MGM buying wine and realized that I was in no way interested in making dinner for the fam tonight.  I went in at 3:55 (I know, right? Dinner at not even 4pm? Ever since the sun disappeared for winter everyone wants to eat at 4.) So at 3:55 there was already a line of people waiting for take away! There were 4 people in front of me and it still only took 10 min to get my food; awesome! My fave thing was the fried crispy egg roll, wow, they are huge and delish. Veggie LoMein and fried rice was wonderful with plentiful veggies. Beef and broccoli was good too. Not as impressed with the fried dumplings, but I think that's actually due to them being eaten as take away and the wrapper got a little soggy. Now I am in desperate need of something chocolatey for dessert! Until next time Yang's, for I'm sure that me and my newly emerging thunder thighs will be back soon...
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,8/4/2012,34,156,4,3,2>I am always reminded to make a lunch date for this place when my peanut butter jar is running low! I am telling you that even Winnie the Pooh would trade his pot of honey for this goodnessness! Once I am there I have to order the ham and pear melt which is to die for.  The combo of flavors is scrumptdelicious! The atmosphere is like no other restaurant, dark, yet calming.  Next time, I hope to try this infamous brunch and muzak! Don't forget to add a jar of PB to your tab!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,8/3/2012,46,105,,3,2>I've been coming to Fat Lorenzo's for years now and am happy to say it's my favorite neighborhood pizzeria.  They have great sandwiches and pasta but what my wife and I usually order is their pizza (specifically fats or slims combo).  Not everyone is a fan of big, thick, doughy pizza crust but THIS guy isn't one of them.  This crust is so thick and doughy/Bready I'm pretty sure you could cut the crust off and make a phenomenal sub sandwich.  The cheese is great too, very good quality mozzarella and fresh veggies.  Only draw back would be the size of the dining area but it's very much worth the wait (try some gelato and a beer while waiting)!
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,8/2/2012,30,77,1,1,1>This is a great little gem in South Minneapolis. It has a small cozy decor that boasts both a fire place and on weekends a guitar playing dude in the corner of the sitting area out front. They also sport a bar you can belly up to if that's your thing.The menu consists of homey American dishes with an upscale touch. We had the BB Rib appetizer of which I thought was a little sweat for my taste but none the less a nice start. The entrees that were eaten at our table were the scallops, Croque Monsier, NY strip and the tilapia of which were all considered very good.  We finished with the guys getting the German chocolate cake which I thought was pretty good, but the gals were rolling their eyes to the heavens with their choice of  Tres Leches cake for desert.If you are looking for a nice meal with a nice ambiance and great service outside of the downtown congestion, this is a great choice.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,8/1/2012,64,122,2,2,2>The pizza here is phenomenal. It is one of the many things I miss about no longer living in Uptown. When you order delivery from Galactic, you get it in the not-so-normal cardboard box. Why is it not-so-normal? It's better-than-normal because if you return it to Galactic next time you order delivery, you get $$ off and they will recycle it for you since for whatever reason recycling pizza boxes is still not the norm.The only sad thing was that I did not get a super hero delivery driver. Apparently I am the only one to have not gotten a super hero delivery driver...and now I've lost that opportunity. Le sigh.Next time I go to the Jungle Theatre, I'll make sure to stop in for some pre-show pizza. :-)
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,10/8/2014,92,104,4,10,5>I am finally updating my review to include the restaurant! I feel like I don't possess the vocabulary to adequately proclaim my love for Kramarczuk's food. Even after three years of living in Northeast, I hadn't tried the restaurant yet, but everything changed one day last week. Some coworkers and I were trying to come up with a place to grab tasty nosh in the area, and Kramarczuk's came up. We were all so satisfied!My eyes got wildly big (err, bigger) when I saw the Ukrainian salad, that beautiful purple mishmash of root vegetables and, surprisingly yet intriguingly, pickles. Then I saw an enormous pot of sauerkraut with bits of sausage. SOLD. Of course, I also had to order a sausage, although the girl at the counter didn't ask me which kind, so I'm still uncertain about what I actually consumed. Whatever. It doesn't matter. It was amazing. The Ukrainian salad is a delicious combo of beets, potatoes, some other veggies, and pickles in a light vinaigrette and I want to eat it every day, everywhere. A small side was $2.99, which felt reasonable. Next up: kraut. Obviously, this place knows how to do it. It was really mild, and perfectly balanced between crunchy and soft cabbage. The sausage added a kick of flavor, but the overall sodium content probably should have made me keel over on the spot. But here I am! Just in time for the sausage, which was a wee bit burnt on the end but overall had a nice crisp skin and juicy meat. It had a little zing but wasn't really spicy, which was a-ok for this girl. I paired it with a spicy mustard, and it was so, so good. (Conundrum: does the salty outweigh the immense health benefits of the cabbage? Actually, don't answer that.) Other people in the party had a sausage sandwich with an Italian sausage and a tasty pile o' sauerkraut, with a side of chili, and another had a cup of chicken noodle and a bowl of red cabbage. Like I said, total satisfaction all around. AND, because you can get an essentially bread-free meal, we pretty much evaded the post-lunch nap. Kramarczuk's is super casual and the people are well-versed in all things sausage. Tip: you can use the free parking lot just east of the building! Take advantage of it. Also, there's more than just wurst here. You can get a ton of other sandwiches and soups. But, let's be honest, nothing really beats the real deal. Now I'm hungry. Thanks a lot, yelp-induced craving #9(000).
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,10/7/2014,30,221,4,3,4>Brunch review.  Not crowded at 11 AM on a Sunday is a good sign for us as we are drop-in brunchers and hate to wait.  Sophisticated menu.  I had the Shrimp and Grits -- it was a smallish portion for $12 but heavenly.  The rest of the pricing seemed reasonable.  Wife has the meatloaf reuben, others has the daily scramble.  Everyone liked their meals.  We started with some fries and mayo which were simple and well-done.  Service was great and their cocktail on tap was one of the best cocktails I've ever had.  We'll be back.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,10/6/2014,66,157,2,5,3>Finding a good place to go brunch on a Sunday afternoon has turned into a sport for my friends and I.  Brunch has become a sort of Sunday gathering time for my friends and I to catch up on what's going on in everyone's lives/recount our previous night's adventures.  So this month's installment of brunch club we settled on George and the Dragon based on its killer rating as well as location.  Parking was relatively easy to find a block away from the restaurant and despite it being a Sunday afternoon we didn't have to wait long to be seated/served.The décor of this place is simple and the layout was spacious considering the restaurant overall isn't terribly large.  I ordered the daily scramble which came with bacon, avocado and pepper jack cheese while the fiancé ordered the Asian hangover.  My scramble was tasted great with the right amount of bacon and cheese mixed throughout.  I also tried the Asian hangover and thought braised pork in the dish tasted amazing.  I appreciated the fact that I could order rice with my scramble instead of potatoes but wasn't too crazy about the toast which was pretty dry and almost cracker like (although the berry compote that came with it was great).
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,10/5/2014,11,50,4,8,5>This is one of my favorite restaurants in downtown St Paul.  The pizza is unique and delicious. The service is good, and the atmosphere is fun and laid-back.  Vegetarians have a few options; my favorite's the number 9--tomatoes, green peppers and kalamata olives. You can also customize your toppings, so you're pretty much good to go regardless.Black Sheep is a great place to grab a bite if I'm in downtown for either business or pleasure.  I also really like that it's not a particularly heavy pizza-- the crust is light, and they don't overdo it on the sauce or cheese.  I kind of wish they had some sort of non-meat protein options, but it's not enough to lose a star over.As for parking, there's street parking all around and dedicated parking spots in the lot behind the building.   If you find yourself downtown and hungry, pop in here and give this place a try.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,10/4/2014,92,53,3,3,4>I went back not too long ago to stock up on cat supplies and had a pleasant experience. The customer service was much better than last time! Thank you :) #happyI enjoy seeing dogs with their owners and other dogs at the grooming station. Some of the dogs at the grooming station have a "oh my God, oh my God, oh my God" face. #bathtime. Those looks are super cute and funny hahahha.I think the prices are just right for the products they have and sometimes they have specials on different products. Besides supplies and are a grooming area, the store also sells fish and I think some birds. I'll be going back soon to get some cat food.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,10/3/2014,55,358,5,7,4>How could I not go with the Afghan pizza? Where else could you get this? OK, maybe NYC. *quick google search yields one joint in Queens that does both Afghan food and pizza, but the pizza is just there as an afterthought and I'm not seeing good things being said about it: they say to stick with the traditional Afghan menu* Or maybe not. Here, it's clear that the pizza is a signature item: the crust has just enough chew and heft to hold up the ingredients without turning into a soggy mess and the crust is perfectly golden and crunchy. Am I the only one who noticed it's shaped like a prolate spheroid? I did also pick up on the pita-ish flavor, but the texture seems more pizza dough than plain pita dough. Either way, it works great. The sauce has some kick to it and isn't generic pizza sauce out of a can. The beef was spiced just the right amount and definitely a key factor in giving it an Afghan flavor while the cheese had lots of nice tiny brown spots all over without any it getting burnt.  Careful though, I missed lunch and still couldn't put down a whole "small" pizza in one sitting and for $8.99 that's a steal. I noticed you can get their pizza frozen in a cardboard box, which means that if you plan ahead for some late night eats with some friends and you want to order food but  it's 3AM and virtually nowhere delivers you could have swung by here earlier and come to the rescue by having an excellent pizza on hand to save the day (err, night). Next time though, I am going to try something different and I'm all but certain it'll be that yummy looking eggplant platter. But right now: too full t think about huge plates of food.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,10/2/2014,147,73,5,14,12>Lunds & Byerly's Kitchen is a unique and upscale food destination that is frool (foodie + drool) worthy.  One side of "the kitchen" is the dining area with offerings including burgers, stone-oven pizzas, seasonal entrées, meat and seafood flights, kid (and gluten-free!) friendly meals. There is a beautiful wine and beer bar featuring a hearty selection of craft beers on tap and wines.  Browsing and ordering off the menus are powered via iPad located at each table (like the upgrades to the airport restaurants).I'm writing my review for the two nights I stopped for food.  First night: stopped by for a late night bite after a TWolves game on a Friday night.  It was about 10:30 p.m. and there were about 6 other people in the bar.  We got the small Minnesotan Cheese Flight (Camembert, Blue, + Chevre) paired with candied pecans and honey (if you like cheese, get this).  We also got the Portobello + Pesto on a Bun.  Both delicious.  Service was not good but the food more than made up for it.  They let us know they were totally slammed that night.  I wasn't expecting perfection since they had only been open for two days.  I was able to peek at the other side of "the kitchen" while we were waiting for our food and it is spectacular.  It is focused more on the "take-out" side with made-to-order sandwiches, sushi, a hot food bar, salad bar, and charcuterie (all the awesomeness on the perimeter of their grocery stores on steroids).  They also have a well filtered market where you can get all the essentials you need to pull a meal together at home.  My favorite part is the spice section.  It's like having a little piece of Penzey's on the west side.   They were about to close, so I didn't get the full experience and knew I needed to come back ASAP.  So I made a date with the fam to come back for dinner the next day.Second night: we arrived about 6 p.m. for dinner. It was busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table.  We ordered the balsamic prosciutto pizza (topped with chevre, fig jam, caramelized shallots, and arugula), small cured meats flight, seared sea scallops (served on a bed of corn succotash).  All selections were really good.  Pizza was a bit heavy on the cheese which made the crust a little soggy for my taste, but all the flavors and seasonings were perfect and ingredients were well prepared.  There were quite a few kinks to the service, the staff seemed really overwhelmed and had the hardest time get my glass for water.  When paying for my order via iPad, there wasn't an option to tip.  We ended up leaving cash on the table but not sure if everyone would do so.  If the service was smoother, I would easily give this place 5 stars.  This place will definitely liven up the food scene in Wayzata.  They definitely got my attention, I may stay a little closer to home because of this little gem.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/1/2014,81,401,6,6,5>I enjoyed my visit to Bun Mi, which would be easy to miss as it's a small storefront tucked in on a very busy stretch of road. But it is worth the stop if you are a fan of bahn mi sandwiches.I ordered the lemongrass chicken based on other Yelp reviews and found it to be flavorful and really tasty. The bun was soft but had that nice fresh bread crunch on the outside. I thought it was a pretty good representation of a bahn mi as in it had lots and lots of fresh veggies and not so much meat. My dining companion got a salad with shrimp and steak on it that looked delicious.Staff was friendly. It's the type of place where you order and pay at the counter and they bring the food to your table. Turnaround was pretty quick even though they were busy. I also noted a lot of takeout happening , possibly since the place is so small, only a half dozen tables or so.One other note: the person I was eating with ordered a glass of water and it came with a big fat orange slice squeezed into the bottom of the glass. First time I think I have ever had ordering envy over water!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,9/30/2014,225,1098,6,7,11>I am so glad I had the opportunity to try this place today!  i did see the trip D episode a long time ago featuring this place but that was when I had moved away from MN and figured it would probably close down before I ever got a chance to go back.  I went to visit the daughter and she wanted pizza and beer so I got out my trusty yelp app on the phone and plugged in pizza and this was only 5 miles from her house but in an area that we just don't drive by that frequently.  As soon as I saw the name I said we are going there.  We ended up eating outside (yes it was still a little chilly but we are Minnesotans and I dug some ugly coats and sweaters out of the car!) We sat at a picnic table and the coolest thing is they have a variety of eclectic plates to eat off of just like grandma's house.   We got a delicious bottle of wine- oh so tasty yummy meatballs with crostini some beer samplings, and Idahoan or Boise pizza with Gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, and potatoes, My Shar-oni, which had yummy fennel house made sausage with a kick and the cutest little crispy peperoni's and a Iowan which had arugula, ricotta and prosciutto on it.  We loved all of them.For desert we had warm chocolate chip cookies and house made vanilla bean soft serve with house made caramel sauce.  Our server was efficient and an absolute doll.It was a wonderful relaxing time with good flavors and company!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/29/2014,76,42,4,6,7>I always enjoy coming here. The staff is very helpful and friendly and have a wide range of different dog foods and items. I purchased dog booties for my dog as he hates walking on the cold snow and ice. I purchased a pair at Chuck and Don's the week before but they were too big; Urban Tail had more sizes which was great for my Chihuahua/terrier mix. Something that I really appreciate is that they have adoption events in the back for the various rescues we have here in the Twin Cities. I definitely recommend coming here for the dog enthusiasts.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,5/30/2008,1,8,3,4,3>Okay, this is my favorite candy shop! I've been going to this little shop in St. Paul since I was alittle girl and it hasn't changed. The smells when you walk in will make your mouth water on impact.If you love popcorn, you must try the Chicago mix. This deliciously sweet and salty mix combines butter, caramel, and cheesy popcorn into one spiritual experience.I also love their turtles, sponge candy (seasonal), and smores.They also have a wide selection of jelly candies, salted nuts, and other chocolate delites. Enter if you dare: You'll act like a kid again! ;o)
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,5/29/2008,2,13,2,3,3>Probably just reiterating what other people have said, but: great venue for seeing shows, I've seen some of the best concerts of my life here.  When they open up the floor on Saturday nights for dancing, it's pretty great too.Drinks are overpriced, so pre-gaming is necessary.The Entry is a fantastic small stage to see a band on.  Sometimes headliners will pop up on The Entry for a surprise show before doing the mainstage, and those are always great.Note: The door time on the ticket is hardly ever right.  It's probably the standard way to do business, but be aware, if the ticket says doors at 7, then the doors are likely to open at 7:30 if you're lucky, 8 if they're on time.  If you go to a 7pm show, your band won't hit the stage until 9:30 if there's one opener, closer to 10:30 if there's two.  Not a hard and fast rule, but it's been my experience.  I show up to shows late now unless I really desperately want to see the opening act.  I still usually catch the tail end of the opener's set.  It's not a problem for me if the shows run late, but I know a lot of people work in the morning, and I've seen people leave early because the show didn't start until midnight on a Wednesday, so fyi and all that.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,5/28/2008,203,560,,4,5>Coolest pen store ever.  First: accept that you need a decent pen.  Forget the gimme pens and crappy bic ballpoints.  You need a nice writing pen that you can call your own.  The good news is that you don't need to spend an arm and a leg for this to happen (though you can if you want to) and you have a friend in the pen business.Barry Rubin sells pens ranging in price from about $40 to infinity.  To find YOUR pen, you call Barry and make an appointment to visit his store in the IDS Center.  This does eliminate impulse purchases (unless Barry happens to be around when you call) but insures that you will get personal attention geared toward matching you with YOUR pen.You'll whisk up the IDS elevator to an unassuming door.  You'll buzz the bell and Barry will let you in.  Then your jaw will drop.  Feast your eyes on the view--of every kind of pen imaginable.  (The view out the windows is pretty good too.)  Tell Barry what you're looking for, or let him guide your search.  No rush, no pressure, have fun.  Before you know it you'll be off with YOUR new pen!  Happiness ensues.You're welcome.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2007,5/27/2008,30,174,4,4,4>I was visiting the MN metropolis that is Minneapolis and walking past "the mall" when I ended up at this gorgeous building, wondering what symphony, opera, or other cultural affair resided there. To my delight, this phenomenal piece of architecture houses over a million books and periodicals and plenty of computers, which I promptly took advantage of. Hands down the best library I have ever seen, with tons of windows and sleek "outer" elevators - the ones you can see into from the ground floor as people ride up and down and are often used injudiciously in suspense films. Anyway, I wandered around to secure a favorite book and a favorite periodical, sat myself down for an hour, completely undisturbed and then went to check my e-mail and some yelp reviews for places to eat nearby. Unfortunately, you need a password to log on, but upon approaching the elderly (not very old, by twice my junior at least) gentleman (EG) at the desk the following transpired: Me: "I am visiting from out of town and would like to check my e-mail; is there anyway for me to log on?" EG: "Could I see a license?"  I hand him my CA driver's license.  EG: "Oh, are you moving here?" Me: "Unfortunately, just visiting." EG: "Good choice." He then leads me over to an empty computer, opening up a small black (leather?) pocketbook and picks out a log on ID and password for me. Me: "Thank you very much". EG: "Enjoy". And that I did; leaving a few minutes later, hoping that SF catches up on the architectural binge the Midwest cities have been on for a while.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,5/26/2008,157,310,6,5,5>This restaurant goes down in history as one of the best I have EVER been to. I briefly skimmed some of the other reviews and nobody mentioned that this restaurant just happens to be in the Walker Art Center, one of the finest art institutions in the world, which makes it even that much cooler! You could head over, especially now since they have their Frida Kahlo tour exhibition there (take the multimedia tour, it's awesome!), then finish your day/evening at the museum with a tasty treat at this gem of a restaurant.Everything I got I loved. We started with the tuna sashimi appetizer. We decided not to do anything family style as we were both more than happy with our own entrees of choice; I went with the Green Thai Curry Seafood dish while my counterpart settled on the Cod. I can only speak on my experience and this curry Thai dish was absolutely orgasmic. I mean, phenomenal. It had a little kick to it but nothing that sent me straight to the bathroom or sweating profusely. They have a great wine selection as well and the coffee was just as fabulous as everything else.It's pricey so pick a special occasion to come here but please, COME HERE! They have a varied menu so if you're a meat eater, great, and if you prefer your veggie dishes, well there are those as well. Something for everyone! AND, an amazing art collection to go along with it. I'm in love.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2008,5/25/2008,51,96,3,3,4>This store kind of reminds me of my ex-boyfriend's mom whose ocean side condo smelled remotely of lavender and had random sea shells and rocks in bowls as decorations. I guess what I mean is, it's definitely a great store to pick up stuff for the mother/older sister/favorite teacher figures in your life. Lots of cute knick knacks, books, kitchen stuff. Fun to look around.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,5/24/2008,9,259,2,4,2>I've been to 4 Korean restaurants in the Twin Cities.  This is the best so far!  I've now been there twice.  I rank it slightly below San's in the Chicago area.  My wife likes the Bibimbap very much.  The Mandu were very good.  The Japchae is awesome.  It looks like plenty of Koreans eat there - always a good sign.  I plan to go there again and write more.  I hope to stop in some evening, chow down and then get ready to party:  It looks like they have a very nice Karaoke set up and according to my Korean relatives they love to Karaoke!  Oh a bit expensive.  There is a nice Korean food store a door or two to the east.  There is a nice big parking lot.We went back another time.  My brother (a chef) and his girlfriend liked it a lot!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,5/23/2008,16,166,1,2,5>Stopped into town and walked around this area east of the river. Pretty nice. Lots of memories seem to be hanging around here, getting swept up perhaps, but still around. leaves in november. Nye, dressed up like Chopin, plays a piano on a small painted sign out front. Municipal architecture looms and dwarfs the old place, criss crossed like the fake half-timbering on the exterior. An old catholic church next door. I wonder if there's a secret tunnel between them. It'd be a secret I guess. The interior is so dark it takes 20 seconds for my camera to get a shot of the beautiful glittery gold booth upholstery. ch-chk! 20 seconds an old woman loaded with platters of sausage and sauerkraut. ch-chk! 20 seconds my coffee mug and my thumb, out of focus, and a glimmery piano in the background, ch-chk! I fall back in my booth, falling into a bed at the end of a tunnel, a bottle of beer in my hand. i wake up with a start, pay and leave.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,5/21/2008,4,98,1,6,3>Barbette features excellent mussels, delicious pommes frites & aioli, and Pernod served with a water carafe.  And if you stop in solo for a chapter and a drink on a Saturday night you'll find a spot at the low, circular bar and feel welcomed.  Plus the late night and happy hour menu is reasonable.I must come back for brunch sometime.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,5/20/2008,9,20,2,6,6>I don't always "get" the art at the walker. I can understand the point and the significance of it at an academic level but I'm a romantic and like to look at "pretty" things. That being said I love this place and believe we are blessed to have it in Minneapolis. -Spacious Gallery Space.-It's free on Thursday's and 1st Saturdays.-Painless $4.00 parking in the garage directly below (at least it's always been that much when I've gone).-Mind blowing shows - In the last couple years I've seen Andy Warhol, Diane Arbus, Pablo Picasso, and Frida Kahlo. Not to mention 2 of my favorite pieces by Julie Mehretu and Sigmar Polke in the "Mythologies" exhibition.-Wonderful film series. (Including the Summer Movies and Music in Loring Park program)-Interesting music and dance programs.A fun, exciting and vibrant place to bring out of town guests, friends and family.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/29/2014,22,39,4,5,6>I am very, very surprised to read the other review on Zoom Groom.  I never take stock in reviewers with only one review on Yelp anyway, but still. I have been taking my mini-doodle Shelby to Zoom Groom since she was just four months old and we absolutely LOVE Anna and the staff. They offer puppy baths for dogs to get them socialized to the grooming process and it was very helpful for our dog. She has absolutely no issues being groomed, brushed or handled because of the great job Anna did with her as a puppy.Doodles, from what I hear from other doodle moms, can be challenging to groom properly (technique-wise), and I have seen a lot of photos of horribly groomed doodles. Anna knows exactly what she is doing with Shelby, and she always comes out looking like a doodle and not a poodle (other doodle owners will know what I mean!). Shelby loves going to see Anna, is never anxious when we walk in, and is always super happy and smiling (yes, smiling) when I pick her up. I have found them to be very flexible and accommodating as well.  Their pricing is extremely fair and competitive, and the quality of the services can't be beat.  Anna also goes that extra step and hand-makes little hair bows for the pups after their groom/bath - they are so cute!Seriously, I think the previous review must have been a misunderstanding, a competitor, or a dog that has never been properly socialized to being groomed professionally before.  I have recommended ZoomGroom to all of my puppy-mom friends, and our doggie daycare recommends them as well!!If you are looking for a groomer, please ignore the 1 star review (sketchy as it is with no photo, profile or a single other review by the writer) and check out Anna and the great staff at Zoom Groom for yourself. They love what they do and love my pup too!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/28/2014,76,85,3,3,3>We gave this place a try on a whim and have been delightfully impressed every time we have arrived. They have a great sushi assortment at all hours, they have a large selection of dishes and you can get sat instantly without a wait. We discovered a few quirks while dining though...they have a ice cream flavor that is unrecognizable every time...that is because as the staff explained, they take all the ice cream flavors that are left and combine them into one tub. Its a little interesting. While the area seems a little questionable we have never had any problems (other than some homeless people hooting and hollering upon departure). The price is excellent for what you get.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,8/27/2014,46,251,4,6,4>This place is awesome! I work nearby, and have already made an online account so I can order on my lunch breaks. Well El Diablo, you were delicious and had the right amount of spice. Fir a person that doesn't really care for mayo, it was damn good.The ladies both at the register and making the sandwiches were super friendly and quick, and the sandwiches were similar price as Subway, maybe just a little bit more.Ingredients were fresh, you can even see through into the cooler where they keep the veggies right behind the counter.I honestly, can't wait until I can come back and try something else.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,8/26/2014,30,49,1,7,3>If you are a stuck up movie goer who expects plush seats and a state of the art facility - this theater is not for you. For those of you who appreciate the quaintness and charm of a smaller theater chain, and all that comes with it - then this theater is for you. It is not impeccably clean, but you can expect good customer service, yummy popcorn, less expensive movie tickets, and fewer crowds. It doesn't have nearly the charm of St. Anthony Main Theater, but that would probably be an impossible feat given the location differences. I would highly recommend Mann Theaters. Despite the fact that the chairs are not all that comfortable, it is a great place.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/25/2014,49,114,5,4,3>Truly impressive decor, 60s but fancy and not at all decrepit, the lobby is like a movie set or well preserved time capsule.Very large and comfy old fashioned theater, 1 very big screen.Cash only.Easy street parking and very good (though not cheap) restaurant/wine bar catercorner for before/after.Was surprised how good the popcorn was despite not having the buttery oil stuff. Cheap too.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,8/24/2014,42,88,6,9,7>The Kitchen Table is the reincarnation of Café 214 which used to be 'down by the river' in beautiful downtown Prescott!  I was a huge fan of that restaurant and the new place does not disappoint.  Plus it adds more bar space and beautiful new restrooms which the old place did not have - at all!The owner did a wonderful job of remodeling the old Hit and Run Café into this great new space!  There is a nice feel to the place from the moment you walk in the front door.  There was a huge mural of the city of Prescott painted on the wall in the old place and they have managed to cut it into long narrow pieces, framed them nicely and hung them on both sides of the walls as you enter.  Very nice touch!  There are a mixture of booths and tables and of course seating at the bar.Nine of us went for breakfast this morning and our favorite server was there, smiling and happy to greet all of us back.  She has a friendly manner and is very knowledgeable about the menu.  I had a veggie omelet which had a mix of zucchini, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, roasted red peppers and spinach blended with a lovely gouda cheese.  Delishioso and yum, yum yum!  My fellow diners had a range of breakfasts from Eggs Benedict, Loaded Hash Browns, French Toast, a Breakfast Sandwich and the Skipper which is my husbands favorite. We took a look at their lunch and dinner menu and the selections look great, from lots of hearty salad options, to a variety of burgers, sandwiches and some entrees.  They get rave reviews for their Friday fish fries and you can order it deep fried or broiled which is a nice option!I highly recommend this new addition to Prescott's Broad Street!  It is handy for boaters, bikers and residents!  It's worth a drive to get there and is a wonderful stop for people travelling the Great River Road!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/23/2014,40,91,1,4,4>The salads are good, the soups a great, but let's face it, here it is all about the BREAD!!! This place knows how to make bread the way the French intended... Crispy, crunchy crusty goodness, with soft and chewy insides in all sorts of shapes and sizes. Add a generous pat of butter and you have a type of heaven I reserve for my rare days of Glutopia (the feast of gluten that will inevitably make me feel like garbage, but I enjoy thoroughly while I'm indulging.). If you are in need of a Glutopia release or just a good hunk of bread, come here.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,8/22/2014,93,155,10,10,13>OMG.I am going to take up this entire review talk about the ONE food I've ever had here. Last week.Let me set it up. I had never been to Moto-i until last week. I had been meaning to go, once I heard that they are a sake brewery and have a $2 Sake Mary and $2 Mimosa. My husband and I finally went last Sunday.The drinks- I had them both. For 2 bucks, it'll do just fine. Now, if it was more, I'd be wanting some snacks with my Mary, instead of just a lime. But, they were both tasty.Let me tell you about the brunch item I ate. OMG.It was called a Benny Bun. I am forever changed.It all starts with a light as air steamed, slightly sweet bun- like a little flatbread. But fluffy. On top of this blanket is a piece of caramelized, miso-candied bacon. Thick cut, sweet, crunchewy. NEXT, a perfectly poached egg, covered in panko bread crumbs. All of this heaven is topped with a miso bearnaise and scallions.You get TWO of these for $8. I have been thinking about this meal the whole week. I will crave it. Crave it when I'm hungover. Crave it on my birthday. Crave it when, someday, I get pregnant. Crave it right now. *Sorry, this is review has little to do with any other menu items*But, side note, I saw the breakfast sandwhich and it was huge and lovely looking.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,8/21/2014,95,174,3,5,5>Redstone Sunday Brunch is now in my rotation of "go-to" brunch spots.  My wife and I decided to splurge and each ordered the "Never-Ending Family Style Brunch" for $17 each.  It was fantastic.The family style brunch is served on a large platter, and additional servings are complimentary.  My wife and I thought the range of flavors and foods were exceptional.  Every element of the meal had that bit of extra goodness that made it memorable.  The scrambled eggs had cream cheese, which did not sound particularly appealing to me -- but which blew me away.Applewood smoked bacon.  Chicken sausage patties.  Hash browns that were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  French toast and fruit salad, to boot.When it comes to the dinner menu, Redstone is just as fantastic as brunch.  The lodge cornbread is to die for - go ahead and get the full order of it; share it as an appetizer (and dessert, because of the delicious maple butter that is served with it -- don't worry, they'll bring you extra maple butter, if you ask).The jumbo buffalo shrimp are a high price point ($16, as of today)...but they are memorable, and worth the experience.The rotisserie chicken chopped salad is a staple for me; that chicken gives it such an edge-up on other restaurants' chopped salads.And you can't go wrong with the Redstone burger; the thing is massive, and can easily be shared by two people (if you're also splitting an app and a dessert).Lastly, Redstone simply wins me over by the layout, lighting, and overall vibe.  Sure, you're going to have a pack of Cougars and Cougar-hunters in there at the bar, but this place is just money.  It's great for a romantic dinner.  And while it is on the pricier side, it more than pays for itself with a great experience.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/20/2014,29,79,2,3,3>There are lots of bakeries in town, but this one is my favorite. I wish I lived closer. Everything I've had is good, but by far my favorite is the chocolate cupcake with the mousse in the middle and the chocolate shavings on top. YUM! It's decadent without being TOO decadent.It's also a great place to grab a box lunch sandwich. Definitely recommend.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,2/28/2014,11,106,,10,5>Donnie Dirks is such a unique experience in Minneapolis night-life that it is worth checking out even if you are remotely curious.  The place is off the beaten path so make sure you have a sober ride or don't mind calling a cab.The pictures on Yelp do justice to the kooky, funky, 50s lounge meets rock-a-billy funeral parlor.  They always have B Movies playing on mute on the two TV screens above the bar.  Have I mentioned this place is unique yet?Some important bullet points for the uninitiated:If you want a seat, come before 11-The place is small and can be difficult to navigate-With that, there is very limited seating making this a tough option for a group of four or more if you don't mind splitting up-However, this DOES make it a great date night stop!-Try some of the infused vodka drinks.  They are a house specialty.-These are mixologists, not bar tenders.  If you're drinking a beer, you are (frankly) wasting your time-The drinks are pricey, but they are hand-crafted with care and precision.-The bar can be backed up at times, due to the complexity of the cocktails, so be patient All in all, a very fun place to enjoy a specialty drink or two on a night out in the city!  Cheers!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,2/27/2014,13,66,5,9,6>I tried this place for the first time with my wife and another couple. I took the advice of others Yelpers and went earlier then we wanted to eat. We waited 10 minutes before the waitress came to take our order and another 30 for our food. Man was it worth the wait. This place is a find. I can deal with difficult service if the food is exceptional. Part of the issue with service is realizing this is a cultural that doesn't move fast. In fact most cultures, with exception to the U.S.A do not move fast. Just go with it. On to the food I loved my curry chicken. They were out of Goat which I wanted, but the chicken was still good. Because of conflicting reviews I wasn't sure what spice level to order. Being from N.Y.C and being exposed to spicy food I went with the Hot. It was perfect. It was not overly spicy, and it had plenty of flavor, and my nose was running. One friend had the salt cod which was a winner, another the jerk chicken (would have liked it spicer) and my wife had the Callaloo which she ordered medium but i found no spice to it. It was still delicious but maybe an oversight. Some people complained that dishes couldn't be altered and this proved it was prepared ahead of time reheated. Some dishes like jerk chicken are marinated over night, so you can see where you couldn't alter that. While I haven't traveled extensively in the Carribean, i do have have friends from Trinidad and Jamaica and i've been served food just like this, not what they serve the American tourists on cruise ships. Everyone loved there food and said they would come back. I will to and hopefully they have Goat this time. I might even try the Indian Hot spice level.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,2/26/2014,97,74,2,8,4>I am shocked, and somewhat appalled, that I have not yet raved about HUGE Improv Theater for it is one of my favorite places to go for a night of entertainment in Minneapolis.If you're in need of anything from a light chuckle to an embarrassing guffaw, HUGE has you covered. Six nights a week talented locals, and sometimes non-locals, take the stage to impress you with their improv prowess. Shows often revolve around a theme, many of them geeky/nerdy, and require some sort of audience participation. Shows are either $5 or $10, which makes for an inexpensive and engaging night out. Plus, they have a stacked bar with a great selection of beer and wine to lube the spirit and laugh box.Go often. Discover which shows/actors you like best. And don't be afraid to let the laughs fly. By George, you may even be inspired by the power of improv to enroll in one of their classes!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,2/25/2014,45,42,,7,5>Quang has become my new go to Asian Restaurant - I love everything about this place!Located in the Whittier neighborhood, Quang has a lot of good competition, but based on their friendly, efficient service, pleasant, clean dining environment, and consistently great food, it's no surprised the place is always packed.  I love the bun (vermicelli noodle salads).  The tangy sauce poured over the briny pickled veggies and tender noodles makes a protein almost unnecessary. But if I have to choose, I would definitely go with mildly sweet flavored sugar cane shrimp - this unique protein option is mince shrimp, wrapped around a sugar cane that boasts lightly crisp outer shell. In addition, the pho offers well developed meaty broth, with perfectly toothsome noodles and tender, juicy beef. All in all, I really love Quang! If you're ever on eat street, check it out!
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,2/24/2014,93,155,5,10,8>This store is magical. I have nothing bad to say. I had been planning to go here for a very long time, but I like to build up a good list of Asian market needs before I visit an Asian grocer. When my list was long, I set out to find this gem.*Its hard to find. When you feel like you are entering the back parking lot of a warehouse, you've found it.*Entering, I was greeted by free hot tea and noodle samples. Ok, I'm in. Take everything I have. I'll live here.Not only are their prices GREAT, they're selection GREAT, they also have a little delicious deli! The store is spacious and organized well. They  have some really unique items, a kitchen goods section, and any kind of noodle or rice you could desire. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,2/23/2014,151,107,5,13,9>What a great little gem in a great little neighborhood.Full disclosure - I could throw a rock from my house and hit this place. (Not that I'd actually throw a rock - I love this place!) I'm only saying that because I've been waiting anxiously for this place to open. I may or may not have gone so far as to peek in the windows on multiple occasions.First off, thumbs up for decor. GLC doesn't look like it's in a strip mall, even though it is. The decor is tasteful, simple, clean and modern. A nice long bar with ample seating, some really interesting booths that seat six next to the kitchen, and a small smattering of tables in the remaining space help to create a really warm atmosphere.Now, the food. I've been there once thus far, but will keep going back if my first meal is an indication of the rest of their menu. I had a steak sandwich, which I requested to be cooked at medium rare, and indeed it was. There was a white sauce that accented the flavor of the meat without completely masking it. (I believe the sauce was horseradish, but don't hold me to that.) Fresh baked ciabatta and some greens on the side with a light vin dressing.Oh, and happy hour rocked. Good wines for about $3 bucks a glass, and folks, they don't stiff you on the pour.Service was really good. The guy taking care of us was really new - just like the restaurant - but he was attentive, and did one of my favorite things that a waiter can do. If he didn't know, he went to the kitchen and asked. THUMBS UP, sir. For real.My partner had a burger, and really enjoyed it too. I skipped the fries in lieu of a healthier option, but they looked pretty good, and he didn't leave any on the plate, which is a good indication.Because of this place's size and location, don't be surprised if you pull up and the parking lot looks full or the restaurant looks packed. There's a popular hardware store and a pet store in the same mall, so there are always cars here. That said, you may have to walk a half block from one end of the parking lot, but really, it's worth it. Definitely a place that we'll be frequenting often. They serve breakfast on weekends, and lunch and dinner during the week (if i recall their sign correctly.) One of their specials was a quiche that sounded amazing, so I'll definitely go back and give it a try.You'll enjoy this place if you like NORMAL portion sizes, a low-priced meal in a clean, modern environment, and are looking to just take a breath and enjoy a nice meal.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,2/22/2014,50,37,5,6,4>Anybody who knows me understands my deep affection for brunch and all that it offers.  Thusly, they also know my craving for a better brunch place in the twin cities.  My friend recently put me on to Colossal Café and I now have it in my regular rotation.  They simply do brunch really well and I would guess dinner too, but I have yet to try that. However, I am so impressed with their brunch that I am going to write them a stellar review anyways.  For one, the artichoke frittata is amazing and full of the green gold that is virgin olive oil.  They have probably the best biscuits and gravy in town which features really awesome sausage gravy.  Lastly they have this amazing toast that comes with many of their dishes.  I don't know how you improve on toast, but I think it may involve more extra virgin olive oil and a really hot oven.Now so you understand how the process works, their brunch service is a cafeteria style.  That does differ from their dinner which is traditional table waiting from what I understand.  The atmosphere is a casual rustic café with a more upscale feel.  This is no dive café for hipsters but rather fancy casual brunch for your preppy liberal.  So get brunch this weekend at Colossal Café as their toast is magnificent and their sausage gravy hearty.  After all, a Sunday without brunch is rather not like a Sunday at all and will leave your weekend feeling wasted and unfulfilling.   Perhaps that is just how I feel about it, but regardless did I mention giant cinnimon rolls?
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,2/21/2014,17,47,1,8,8>What a wonderful surprise! Rincon 38 is a super small, friendly, casual tapas joint. I went with two others on a Sunday evening and was so pleased with the entire experience.Sangria in carafes? Check.Fried, savory, flavorful, crispy food w/ fork battling with my table mates for the last piece of cauliflower? Check.It was fun to order a few dishes and not feel pressure to decide everything at the beginning. We loved the cauliflower- who knew it could taste so good?? Meatballs were great, although a lot of the sauce went to waste without enough bread. Fried potatoes so crispy and perfect. Little charcuterie plate with amazing serrano ham. Peppers stuffed with tuna. And a few others... we were hungry! Everything was expertly cooked, came out quickly, and there was no pressure to hurry up and finish eating.  Although we planned on a dinner-size (ok feast-size) amount of food this time, I'd love to go back for some snacks and a glass of wine.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,2/20/2014,52,166,4,7,5>Wow!  What a great new facility!  I generally try to avoid going to the doctor, but this may change my mind!  Admittedly, this is really close to my neighborhood.  So, first and foremost, it is extremely convenient by bike or car!  However, when I walked in for the first time today, I was even more excited.You walk in to a very small and welcoming reception area with no line!  (I was able to deal with all of that 'initial paperwork stuff' within 10 minutes.)  Since the clinic has multiple departments, including family health, urgent care and chiropractor, they ask you to wait in the area designated to your department.  Again, we were the only ones in the place and were able to avoid that mass waiting room like usual.  The waiting area had large open windows to watch the happenings on Chicago Ave.; a nice change from dull white walls.  The actual walls are decorated with tasteful artwork!I love the actual exam rooms!  They have two doors so that the nurses/doctors can access them from their own office area rather than the public entrance.  It eliminates so many people walking around and the uncomfortable feeling that someone is dying because it reminds you of that episode of ER or Grey's Anatomy...  I digress.The staff was extremely pleasant!  They made me feel welcome and calm.  Everyone explained information in detail, but without sounding like a pretentious 4th year med student.  The nurse even showed me information (and pictures) on the internet during our appointment so that I had a better understanding - helpful and educational!I can totally see this being my new primary care provider soon.  Great location!  Great facility!  AND, it is located right next to the Town Hall Tap and Pumphouse Creamery - two of my favorites!  Doctor, lunch and dessert all in one short trip.  I love it!
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,2/19/2014,65,6,7,13,10>Tried this place today with the hubs based on his desire to enjoy a homemade doughnut before a long bike ride. I conducted a quick, online search and came upon this locally owned pastry shop. Reviews were glowing, so once I confirmed via phone call they were open, we were on our way. The shop is small, but what they lack in store size they make up for ten-fold in quality. My favorite doughnut has always been a chocolate Bismarck. I've sampled them at many a location, and have experienced the gamut from downright deliciousness to deep-fried disasters. Without a doubt, Valley Pastries takes the cake (sorry, couldn't resist) as the best I've had. The doughnut itself was light with no hint of oil and covered with the right amount of chocolate frosting you could tell was homemade. But the shining star was the cream filling. Everything about it was tremendous - from the light, smooth consistency to the outstanding flavor. It had just a hint of vanilla and complemented the doughnut perfectly. Quite different from all others I've ever had and truly a stand-out. The service is friendly and attentive, and I'm fairly certain the owner, who was mentioned in a previous reviewer's post, was one of the ladies behind the counter during our visit today. They sell coffee, too (noticed the sign in their window) and readily pop a few napkins in your bag without asking (a pleasant surprise I discovered once in the car), knowing that most won't make it too far out of the parking lot without at least sampling their purchase. The hubs bought a half-dozen raised doughnuts total, including mine, along with one filled with blueberry, one filled with apple, a cinnamon twist, a chocolate-covered doughnut and a toasted coconut long john. I haven't tried any of the others, but if they are as fabulous as the Bismarck, they won't last long. I also noticed they had a variety of cookies in the other display case. We were on a mission for doughnuts, so didn't consider any of them during our visit, but based on the quality of the doughnuts, chances are strong these are a home run as well.Bottom line - if you love a delicious, homemade doughnut, don't miss this place. This is where you want to go. Just be prepared that once you do, you won't want to go anywhere else.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/10/2012,54,186,2,2,2>I live about 2 blocks from the Chair, and finally stepped in last night .  I have been going to Juut for haircuts but I think I will switch salons. I had a trim and eyebrow wax, both performed by Hannah.  The haircut looks great and the wax was probably one of the least painful (and fastest) ones I have experienced.   The place feels cozy and familiar, with funky furniture and decorations- much preferable to a sterile Great Clips or even the factory-esque Aveda Institute anyday.  Of course, you pay more for a higher quality experience.  I will definitely return as the Chair is reasonably priced and super convenient.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,10/9/2012,82,170,4,5,6>I didn't realize I could find a little piece of Europe just a few blocks away from work. Take some time out for a little cultural experience and dine at Fika (located inside the American Swedish Institute). It's only been open for a few weeks but based on the crowd the day Sara W. and I went I think the word is getting out.I was expecting more of a sit down restaurant but I like the casual atmosphere this place offers. If you're visiting the Institute you can place your order at the counter, catch a quick bite and be on you way. The menu is somewhat limited but still plenty of options to choose from. Several different selections for salads (butter lettuce, beet and spelt), sides (meatballs, smoked pork belly, graval) and sandwiches (skirt steak, salmon, watermelon radish) plus MORE!The presentation with the meatballs was impressive. I glanced at a few other plates as I walked by customers and felt the same about their entrees. The food was fresh and had a great blend of flavors. Save some room for a thumbprint or almond cookie. Better yet bring some home along with their homemade scones. There is ample seating available both inside and out. The outside seating is where you can catch a taste of Europe right in the heart of Minneapolis.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,10/8/2012,43,140,3,4,4>We stop here at least once a week, but it's probably more like 2-3 times because I live in denial.  All the regular staff are really friendly and recognize us when we stop in.  One of the dudes even flirts with me, albeit right in front of my boyfriend (which I think is hilarious), but even so, it's nice to feel like a wanted customer.  Any time I've had difficulty making a selection, the boys have been helpful giving tips about what to mix or what craft beer to try.  The prices aren't the cheapest, but they are average.  It's the customer service that keeps us coming back (and really close by our house. and our supposed alcoholism).  They also check your I.D. every time you pay with a card to make sure it's not stolen, which is something that NO ONE does any more.  So I don't mind pulling out my ID for them, because they are consistent and I like that.  Also a plus- if you go to the co-op across the street before you hit the liquor store, show the receipt at check out here and you will get an extra discount! Score!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,10/7/2012,34,171,3,6,2>Lake wine and spirits has all the ingredients of a great liquor store - parking, wine tasting (at least when I was there on a Friday night), HUGE beer selection (hard to find beers in both cases and single bottles/cans), vast selection of wine, all the liquor you could imagine, knowledgeable staff, and cheese!  Also, I appreciate that lack of pretension.  It seemed like mostly regular folks getting their provisions for the weekend and the staff was eager to help.  It had the selection of a Surdyks but was much less overwhelming.Like a few other shops they offer numerous bottles of wine as a mix and match set.  (6 for $36).  I wasn't in the market for that much wine but it did seem like the way to go.  They also let you mix an match your beer for a customized 6 pack.  What a great idea for a party!  I will be back before my next soiree!  Lastly, they did ID both people in my party.  They weren't rude about it at all, they just said it was their policy.  I have no complaints.  However, do make sure you have your ID.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,10/6/2012,354,223,3,6,2>I know I'm not alone in thinking this, but the Dayton brothers have ridiculously good taste. And I am completely smitten with their new additions to the North Loop:  Marvel bar, The Bachelor Farmer and Askov. I dropped in here the other day and felt like I was transported to the West Village instead of Minneapolis...though after a quick pan of the room, the "Norse" t-shirts and handmade sweaters gave it a distinctive Minnesotan vibe. It's really a beautiful store and you can tell that there is a lot of thought behind product selection and layout. The store is (obviously) geared towards men, but there are some gorgeous sweaters for the ladies if you're willing to drop a few $$$ on a unique, handmade item. Go check it out!
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,10/5/2012,28,70,6,7,6>I hadn't been to Al's in about 10 years. A part of me may have been avoiding it because I didn't want anything to sour my flawless childhood memories of it. The good ol' days of being oblivious to things like food and service quality.But you see, I'm with this guy and he'd *gasp* never been to Al's. He isn't from Minnesota so he has an excuse. Kind of. But I decided that he needed to go and I needed to give Al's a chance as a big girl. I'd been waking up at ungodly hours of the morning due to some jet lag. Awful for my day? Yes. Perfect for actually getting a seat at Al's? Yes. I've never been there after about 8 am so I can't speak for "later" wait times but if you're an early riser, chances are you and a dining partner can get seats fairly quickly. Plus...the early hours seem to be filled mostly with regulars and they know the drill. Efficiency is key and you'll get smiles and rainbows if you're willing to move to let people sit together. I walked in knowing I was going to be putting a pancake in my stomach but little did I know that they had CORN pancakes? Um. Marriage of my dreams. So you can probably guess what I ordered...and it was awesome. It wasn't made with corn meal (at least I don't think it was?), it just had kernels in the batter. My bf had an omelet with onions, green peppers, and smoky (!!) cheddar. You have to get the smoky cheddar. No, really. You have to cause then your life will be better and I'll get good karma.Here's the thing. I don't really like eggs which normally translates directly to I don't like omelets. But Al's defies all logic and makes an omelet that will surely be the thing I order next time I want to eat breakfast in a closet. The women working behind the counter are quick with the refills.Cash only.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,10/4/2012,107,41,4,6,5>What can I say about Target Field that hasn't already been said? Oh....it's better when I'm there? Is that to conceited of me? Nah? It's better when I'm there.HahaAnyhoo, I love baseball. Watch the Twins as much as I can, played growing up, and now coach my son's TBall team (can you say cuuuute?) Target Field is a great place to watch baseball.If you haven't been there then, whats wrong with you? Get there, now. Seriously.The only thing I don't like, if I had to pick one, is the lack of vendors on the entryway. Plus they charge way too much for a beer. Why should I pay 7.50 (or more) for a beer outside the ballpark when I can go 50 yards down the road to Huberts and pay 5? Basic economics here people.My hint to you is to take the tour on a day the Twins are out of town. It's the only way you will get to see all the nooks and crannies of the field. Truly awesome!!!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/3/2012,27,111,9,8,6>For Valentines day, I thought it would be romantic to bring the wife to a scary ass mansion where the maid hung herself out the 2nd story window due to an affair with the owner...I'm just suave like that.Actually, it is a cool place, with old antiquey ambiance, pretty good service, and the food was awesome too. For the app we did the poutine (fries, gravy, cheese). Now I've had poutine more times than the number of my toes, but this one was special. I loved the kick from the spicy pickled chillies and chili glaze...The one thing a little different is the cheese curds are battered/deepfried vs just melted in the beef gravy...but different is good...and you betcha ass Im going to add the foie gras mousse for 8 bucks...So rich and amazing...perfect app.We also did the waldorf salad, which was awesome as well..just apples, grapes, walnuts, mint, crème fraiche and what made it super awesome is the truffle oil...I could dip sheet rock in that and eat it...For entrees, I did the beef wellington. Always wanted to try a steak with a pastry around it. Pastry was flaky and came with potato puree, and cooked tomato...Was it good, yes. Would I do again...probably not...My wifes dish was super good, but seemed like an appetizer...Pork Belly and Scallops...very little greens or carbs...Scallops were salty in a good way though and porkebelly was crispy...just wish we had bowl of rice...A little spendy, but since it was good, I'd come back for a lunch.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/2/2012,11,103,2,3,3>I can see why Bon Appetit bestowed the honors it did on this little restaurant in Robbinsdale. It is definitely on my top ten list-hands down. Yes- the wait is too long but so worth it. It is a culinary experience like none other. You need to go with eaters who take risk and you have to do the tasting menu. I went with my gals last night and after ten courses and four hours later we were in awe of the food, the explosion of tastes ,the service and the value. You ask around the table what was your favorite and the easier question is what didn't you like. I wasn't crazy about the halibut but that is about it. My favorites; the steak tartare, the fingerling potatos on the rib eye, the foie gras lollipop, the bar on the dessert dish. I could go on and on but I won't. I will just savor my dinner last night and think of ways of how to get back sooner than later.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,10/1/2012,26,36,5,4,4>Some of the best places I've been to for brunch have been the restaurants you can actually watch the staff prepare your food. I certainly wouldn't want someone watching over my shoulder at work but the talent at The Uptowner turn it into culinary performance art!Yes, the portions are huge. Let me put it this way; if CostCo were to open a restaurant they would probably model it off of this place.If you are a brunch fan and haven't been here then consider yourself a neewb. Order anything and everything but prepare to zonk out shortly thereafter as the nap police will be waiting for you back at home.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2009,3/19/2009,39,93,1,12,10>Went here for dinner on Friday night and had the FULL experience: cocktails, appetizer, entrees and 2 desserts. What a great meal. It is very cozy and service is very attentive - the bartender even took time to come over and check how I liked my cucumber martini (very good.). We ordered the mock duck spring rolls to start - YUM. So many sauces to choose from to put on them. Best I've had in a while. For entrees I had the civeche salad and the vegetarian pho. The red snapper in the civeche was so fresh. 5 stars for that dish. The pho was equally good - a huge potion with tofu and mock duck. YUM. My hubby had the jasmine crepe and thought it was good but too many bean sprouts - it was a little overkill.Dessert - sooooo good. We had the mango coconut with sticky rice. OMG still thinking about it today.Go back - in a heartbeat. Sad to see it so slow on a Friday. Spread the word.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,3/18/2009,192,528,7,8,9>I love this place, I can't believe that this is the first time I've come in. I love buffalo wings and this place makes perfect wings. First of all, they have the meatiest wings that I've ever tasted. The buffalo sauce was spicy hot, but you could also taste the flavor of the spices. They had the perfect blend of flavorful and spicy. They weren't hot just to be hot. They were hot with a purpose. They were also a level of hot that most people could enjoy. I also liked that they have only 1 size, 1 flavor.  It sounds a little communist, but a lot of times, 1 choice is better than 25 choices.  It makes it easy for you.  You order wings and they bring you 12 buffalo wings, with ranch dressing and 8 celery sticks, no fuss. They also earn all five stars with their service. They are open until 1 a.m., but close the kitchen at 12:30 a.m. I got in at 12:32 and told the bar tender that I heard they had the best wings in town. He ran down to the kitchen and told them to toss one last order in for me because he wanted me to be able to enjoy the wings. I felt a little bad ordering after close, I used to work in a kitchen and cursed people who came in right before close and ordered food. My apologies to the cooking staff.  If its any help, I got my wings at 12:45 and they were eaten and my tab was paid by 12:55. My recommendations in a situation like that is to be nice. I told the guy how excited I was about the wings and he went out of his way so that I could enjoy them. At about 12:45 another guy came in and asked for a drink and made a scene when the bartender said it was past last call.  You give a little, and you get a little.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,3/17/2009,57,68,4,7,5>There is an art to hiding in plain sight. It's a matter of fitting in so well that nothing stands out particularly. And this would be mostly true of Bon Vie if its mien was just ordinary. Bon Vie is easy to miss if you're driving down Selby Avenue toward the cathedral and the capitol. A demure script on the window glass announces its existence. Once inside, you feel as if you've entered a neighborhood bistro. Nothing fancy, but everything is personal and good. The staff treats customers like friends and it works; people keep coming back. Every time I have come here, I have seen familiar faces. The menu features breakfast items as well as quiches, sandwiches, and salads. I've tried just about everything and nothing  has disappointed. Quiches and salads are my faves. Things are prepared by hand in plain sight in the back of the tiny restaurant. I go to Bon Vie when I want to meet a friend for lunch or brunch. It's a place that has managed to keep its profile low but its return factor (for me) high.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,3/16/2009,13,23,9,8,7>This is a bar where you drink straight Jameson and stumble home smelling of cigarettes and campfire.  The jukebox is straight out of an alternate history that seems to resemble Fight Club set in a Tarantino universe. Drinks are the strongest in town, and the staff is actually quite friendly as long as you're not an ass.  Starting to have more live music as well.  Not for the faintest of heart, but you'll be fine.  Don't miss the patio.  It really is a great time.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,3/15/2009,5,57,3,9,5>The only thing I can comment about is their Monday $30 all-you-can-eat sushi deal. I went with a group of 6 last month to celebrate my birthday, and although the service is slow, if you put a big chunk of time aside (we were there around three hours) you can definitely get your money's worth and more. The sushi is nothing to write home about but there is a lot of it! It also comes with free endless (bad) miso soup and edamame (over-salted but still much-appreciated). The waitress even let us take home our leftovers in a discrete doggy bag- I doubt this is normally ok for the obvious reasons but we told her that my roomate was taking care of his sick mother, which was half true. Luckily it didn't get anyone sick. For my birthday I got a "nigori-midori" shot on the house OFF-MENU. 'Twas delish.So in my opinion the Monday night deal is good for special occasions. The fact that there are no time limits encourages less binge-eating (which can also be fun).
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,3/14/2009,33,68,5,6,5>I have been here twice and both times I brought coupons.  You can get coupons on the website or in the local ad circulars and it is a way better price for bowling.  It is especially fun if you go on a cosmic bowling night.  Just make sure you don't have a linty shirt on or the black lights will pick that up (it won't impress your date).It seems to be very busy here and there tends to be waiting for a free lane.  Although, if you do have to wait they can give you a buzzer and you can go to the bar section and get some snacks or whatever you'd like.  There are a few things that stand out about this bowling alley: *There is a couch side with lanes and a table side with lanes and you have to be prepared to make that decision.  Couch or table?   Couch or table?!?*The servers carry your bowling shoes to the table (yes, the waitress who carried your smelly bowling shoes just delivered your nachos).*If you don't hurry up and buy more games before you are finished with your purchased games, they might resell your lane to a new party before you are done.  This happened to me ("Why are these people with bowling balls standing and staring at us?  Oh, clearly we have taken too long finishing up what is now our last game.")
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,3/13/2009,18,61,1,8,7>It really does not get much better than this. A small neighborhood restaurant  with a world class chef. Not only that, most entrees are under $20. There I have said it and now I will probably never get back in. This is the type of place you want to rave about, yet keep a secret as well.Do not be swayed by the small space. Some of the absolute best food I have had comes out of this kitchen. The small menu changes frequently. The Black Cod I had last fall was wonderful. The smoked diver scallop appetizer is highly recommended. From what I can tell, you can't make a bad choice here. The dishes are all well thought out and unique. I love places like this where something on the menu sounds  a little off the beaten path. Yet, when it arrives, you think "why haven't I tried this before?"Welcome to Heidi's
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,3/12/2009,87,37,7,13,10>The Twin Cities boasts one of the highest rates of gym membership in America, and a tour of facilities through Minneapolis or St. Paul bears this out. Minneapolis is especially full of calorie-burning places, such as the YMCA, YWCA, Liftetime Fitness--Target Center, Snap Fitness and the Firm. Having used or visited several of the other gyms previously, I recently settled upon the StayFit Athletic Club, obscurely tucked away in the Hyatt Hotel on Nicollet.    Despite StayFit's attachment to the mother-of-all chain hotels, it manages to maintain it's own identity, distinct from the hotel guest area, and avoids feeling like a tourist trap (then again, when I'm on vacation, do I think of exercise?). Most of its members are working professionals from the corporate towers up the street, as well as residents from the nearby Loring Park neighborhood.    StayFit is smaller than most of the other exercise havens in the city, and it lacks the Olympic size swimming pool and indoor running track that draws crowds to Lifetime and the Y, especially in winter.  But it has more than the basic machines and free weights, as described by other reviewers. Classes, including aerobics, spin, and yoga, are also available at select hours (typically early AM and PM). While these classes may not possess the rigor of--nor are offered in the same breadth as--those at the Firm (regarded as the premier work-out center in the city), they're also less off-putting, as they avoid the flashy gay nightclub vibe and endorphin-overdosed staff that have come to define the Firm brand. StayFit seems tailored for those who want to sweat on their own without any fuss, and leave. In terms of aesthetics, StayFit has a swank, boutique-hotel atmosphere that resembles the Chambers more than it does the Hyatt. Rich, chocolate brown carpeting lines the lobby, which includes a seating area comprised of white, high-back lounge chairs, a caramel tinted coffee table, dining tables, and a flat screen TV. The upstairs locker room is far cleaner than most I've been exposed to, and--at least in the men's locker room--is free of the creepy, old, peeping Toms that regularly plague such settings.  Prices are a tiny bit higher than some of the other gyms, such as both Y's and LifeTime, but there are two different kinds of membership plans:  a lower rate plan for daytime users, and a higher rate plan for those interested in using the space day or night. To help lower the membership costs, check with StayFit to see if they have an arrangement with your employer and/or health insurance.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,3/11/2009,30,77,5,4,2>I used to live within walking distance to this place and gained 10 pounds during the span. As the other posts have said, not only is everything they serve huge, but it's also all homemade. I have enjoyed getting two lunches out of many a sandwich. I have also gotten addicted to their homemade meat loaf and mash potatoes, matzo ball soup and a cheese cake that is to die for. You know you have real cheese cake when you pick it up and immediately have to slide you hand under the plate because of it's sheer weight, They serve it strait up, no sauce or fruit, but it doesn't need any. It was the most firm and time consuming piece of cheese cake I have ever eaten. I actually special ordered a whole cake for a potluck I was going to and was worried if the shocks in my truck could handle weight. I made it, and it was the hit of the desert table. I also went therefore breakfast one time, because I heard they made homemade corned beef hash. This is true, it was homemade, but they used the same thin sliced corned beef they use for sandwiches. Although very tasty, the corned beef was dried out from being fried with the potatoes and onions. I enjoyed it for the flavor but decided I probably would not have it again.I have also been told from another customer that the corn beef and pastrami are both made on site. It makes sense given that everything else including the pickles in the pickle bar is. No confirmations from the staff though. If you like an east coast style deli, this place is hard to beat.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2009,3/10/2009,37,36,,6,3>If you really have to drink in the Warehouse District on a weekend...this place is ok.  Affordable drinks, no cover, several different dance floors and I don't remember anyone being especially obnoxious....which for downtown Minneapolis is saying something.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,7/28/2011,64,38,3,3,4>Yeah, I pretty much love the 331 Club.  I have a lot of friends in the local music scene, and the 331 is the place they all play.  Two of my friends have chosen to have their CD release shows here, and no wonder.  It's the perfect setup.  The bar serves a huge variety of consumables, from cheap swill like Miller High Life to Surly to some really rare "boutique" beers.  Like another reviewer said, they have an excellent bar menu.  Definitely above average for a lot of bars in town.  I had the tuna melt most recently, and it was absolutely scrummy.As far as entertainment, I've never seen a bad show there.  Jason the sound guy really knows what he's doing, and really works hard to give everyone (the band included) a good show.  There's booth seating near the door (which is the back, from the stage point of view), and there are some tables along the long bench that runs up the south wall of the place.Even when they don't have shows, it's a great place to hang out.  The lighting is low and sets off a nice atmosphere.  I just wish I lived closer so I could hang out more.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/27/2011,25,33,3,4,3>Thank you Meghan and Rae for this amazing event, and also to everyone else who was involved.  I enjoyed my first time experience with Mighty Swell and I cant wait for more in the future.I loved the varied selection of clothes, and i left with a purse, dress and tshirt with a shark eating a sleeping kitten.  Defiantly money well spent, also their prices were very reasonable with most items starting at 5-15 dollars, which isnt the case for most other vintage shops im Minneapolis, plus you've got the friendly hosts which makes shopping that much more enjoyable!
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,7/26/2011,169,466,1,3,3>I can't think of another place I've driven by so many times, thinking...I have to stop there!   Finally...and I'm glad I did.   I'm a little jealous of the Highland Park residents who are within a stoll of this place.  First, they make a great sandwich...corned beef and swiss on russian rye, you also get a choice of sides.  I also picked up fresh bread, and sampled a couple of their bakery treats...I'm a fan of  "made from scratch" operations.   I found everyone friendly and helpful, I'll have to make it a point to stop more often.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,7/25/2011,949,964,4,6,2>Oh my Gave. Love this place. The only seats were available were upstairs. They aren't too steep either. We started off with an excellent guacamole and chips, loaded with tomatoes. I was in the mood for a burger, which was part of the hh menu. As soon as I bit into it, I knew it was angus beef. I added some ketchup and mustard, and it almost ruined it. This burger needs nothing. Basil had a salad which came with a loredo ranch, on the spicy side and although delicious, it should be strictly for veggie dipping, not for a salad. He got the mahi mahi dinner, said it was one of the best broiled fish he's had. However I didn't get to try it because one bite could have taken away half the fish. It was the most ridiculously skimpy piece I've ever seen. Laughable and insulting at the same time. Excellent sauteed veggies came with it. The fries are homemade too. Good service from Shawnee. It was packed on the 4th holiday. Rightfully so.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/24/2011,23,92,,7,4>I've had a few oil changes done by Parent's, and now had tires installed. Each time the staff are friendly and informative, and have notified me of potential issues from their inspections without a hard sell on an expensive repair. Today's tires came in less than the quote I got during my last oil change, even though my wheels are a little buggered from this year's potholes. They showed me the out-of-true wheels, said they'd do what they could to balance the tires, and then did it.  I doublechecked the tire price against a couple places (including online places like Tire Rack) and Parent's was cheaper. Great service, competitive pricing, right here in south Minneapolis. Nothing sucks more than spending money fixing a car. Spending it with Parent's makes it suck a little less, and I can get on board with that.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,7/23/2011,21,57,,4,4>This is my neighborhood bar and me and my husbands favorite place to get burgers and beer. Its nice and dark inside like a real bar should be, but its also totally family friendly. Can be crowded at dinner time so its good to call ahead if you can. Good beer selection. Pool table and old school arcade games.They also have new apps! Mac and cheese balls = good Fried Pickles = greatCheese curds = seriously the best curds I have had outside of the Fair and the Ellsworth Cheese Curd Festival. Yummmmm...
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,7/22/2011,36,83,,3,3>Whooo, went to Mavericks today and I must say I am indeed a fan, the beef is delicious, the fries are decent, the service is super quick, and they have loads of peppers off to the side so you can add to your hearts content, which makes them even more awesome. The ambience is decent, nothing special but you definitely get a nice laid back feel like it doesn't matter if you wanted to sit there for a while. I will be going back whenever I'm in the area.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,7/21/2011,288,87,,4,5>Stopped in for a couple of drinks and dinner with a close friend.  Enjoyed a couple dirty martinis - perfectly prepared and chilled!  The dinner was fantastic.  My other half enjoyed the  wood roasted chicken wrap that is tossed with mango, red onion, celery & apricot chutney mayo, rolled with field greens for 10.95 - very tasty and a great value.I had the Jerk spiced chicken simmered in a spicy red chile cream sauce with penne pasta and garnished with asiago cheese (a bit too much cheese) and wood roasted vegetables for 13.95 also a great value.  Though served in a smallish bowl, a bit difficult to navigate, so our very sweet and helpful waitress eagerly offered a plate - making my experience much nicer and easier to enjoy my pasta.The overall dining experience was very enjoyable, well timed, and with a great waitress (I wish I knew her name...she was very friendly and helpful).
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/20/2011,131,140,4,4,3>I have been searching for killer tacos for quite some time and haven't had  much success. I didn't  know if I was just going to the wrong places, or if there just isn't a good taco place around. I was starting to really doubt I'd find one, either that or my expectations were just too high. Well, I have found the taco that I have been searching for at Pineda.This place is kinda set up like a Chipotle where you go to the counter, order your food and it's done in a flash. You even get your chips in a bag which may not be the coolest thing but I can handle it. The food is absolutely excellent, and I think I've found my new favorite place for a quick cheap meal. 2 people can easily eat here with 2 drinks for around $15 or so. My main reason for coming here is for the tacos, sure the burritos look great and I'm sure they are, but I'm also pretty damn sure I'd be in a coma after consuming one of those monsters. They have a good selection of different meats to try in your taco or burrito, after trying a few of the various options, I find that they're all so good it's really hard to pick a favorite. If I had to pick, I'm going with the pork in chipotle sauce, it's bursting with flavor and is just straight up crazy tasty! After you get your food they have a condiment bar that includes a few different types of salsas, also onions, jalapenos, limes and cilantro. So you just customize to your liking, I really dig this option. They also serve up a really good guacamole that you can order on the side for around $2.50. If you're in the Plymouth area and need a quick fix of Mexican on the cheap, this is an excellent choice. I think I may become a regular at this place. That is, if I haven't already!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,7/19/2011,62,107,4,2,6>GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE. Are you going there yet? I recently had the best experience at Bobby & Steves. My car had a flat tire, so they sent out the guy to come and change it for me. My last place (Precision Tune Auto Care) had overtightened the lug nuts. SO when the guy tried to change it, the nuts wouldn't come unscrewed and he broke one. He had to tow me to the shop. They gave me a price quote, told me I might need another new tire (which i understood) and I had to leave for a meeting. They said my car should be finished when I got back. When I returned, my car was not yet done. They had made an error-- the wrong part had been delivered for my car. So Steve (the Steve of Bobby & Steves) asked me what I had to do for the remainder of the day. I said I had to be to work in Eden Prairie. He offered to let me take his own personal car to work in Eden Prairie, and he would drive my car down to the Eden Prairie Bobby & Steve's later in the day. I could return is car to the location when I was done with work. 5 minutes later, I was cruising to work in Steve's BMW. (While he took my Hyundai.) I'm not sure of another place that is willing to give that kind of service. I am NEVER going back to Precision Tune-- Bobby & Steve's for life!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,7/26/2008,0,6,4,3,4>I don't usually say this:  "I love you CC Club".  This place is my favorite.  I used to make a point to drive 30 blocks on the weekend just to come to CC.  Then when I found a house for rent (2613 Lyndale) right across the street I was so excited.  I, of course spent a lot of my time there.  The drink specials are cool, and the greasy breakfast is even better.  Just perfect for a Saturday morning hangover!! Even comes with a bloody mary which is the best in Mpls!!  The servers were as mean as hell.  They always seemed to hate me even though I was always nice to them. This was an ongoing joke for years.  "Man, does she hate me!!"  Saying , "I love you" sometimes works, but it usually just made them even more angy....(You know who I'm talking about **girl with dreads and large dog**The atmosphere of this semi-dive bar was great.  When bar smoking went away in Mpls, I was a little bummed.  (Couldn't smoke batties in the booths anymore.... Ha!!)  Also, nice patio!!  Very surprised for this type of bar.  The CC Club will always be in my heart.  Great drinks, food, juke box, atmosphere, and people.  love you guys!!!
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,7/25/2008,118,326,3,4,5>i have *literally* searched for a place comporable to the Red Dragon from the SF Bay to NYC and have yet to find any place like it. from the fishbowl drinks to the greasy "chinese" food that tastes oh sooo good after a wanderous or three.... from the fantastic red vinyl to the killer jukebox. the staff... always great.... until closing time when the bat comes out... Red Dragon, oh how I fondly remember thee... (well, mostly remember... wait, i know i remember some of the times.... okay, well i know i've been there and loved it.... maybe? hmm... )
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,7/24/2008,126,381,5,19,11>Most people think of this place as a top-notch food court. And it is. But it is ALSO the greatest little secret for last-minute (or well-in-advance) gifts that I have ever found. My full disclosure is that I used to work with the business owners teaching them technology and computer programs so they could do better self-promotion so I have a vague tie to the MGM. Thankfully, that meant I wandered around the market enough times to figure out where all the good deals are and I spent all my meager AmeriCorps living stipend within these walls. Swedish chocolate, classy purses, dishware, natural soaps, and so much more! I can make a generous gift basket for less than $15, greeting card included. Also, I am one of those people that buys presents for others they really just want for themselves so I always end up making little twin 'gift baskets' for myself too. So I'm saying it's affordable enough to be selfish as well. La Cosecha Market - Latin American - I buy hot sauce here. They have a plethora of flavors, heat, and brands. You should go Christmas shopping for me here. Also the only place in Mpls to buy imported Chilean products for cooking. Abuelita would be proud!Forgot the Name - The store in the west corner on Lake Street sells jeans and hoodies with cool paint designs on them. It seems like a store aimed more at the urban crowd but apparently I'm urban enough i want a hoodie.Tibet Arts & Crafts - Singing bowls, little bells, great jewelry, cute summer dresses, wall hangings with poems by the Dalai Lama, etc. for around $10-20Specialty Gifts & More - The best place to buy a gift that looks expensive and thoughtful. They sell fancy perfume, graphic notebook and stationery sets, cosmetics, candles made in a coconut, all sorts of PRETTY things for your lady friends. They also have some manly cosmetics like cologne and aftershave sets. On the walls you'll see large home decor things like mirrors and framed prints. This shop is always a $30 gift with a $3 cardSpirit Quest Massage - A little massage suite that does chair massages (i dont know about table ones) but they are reasonably priced and you can get gift certificates. I got 10 minutes once and it was glorious after a long day at work. Owned by a husband/wife team.Bonus: If you have friends that have studied abroad or lived in other countries, you can probably find some of the stuff they miss from their 'other home' here at the Global Market. ...not to mention every year they have the Craft-o-Rama which is when they fill up with local and national crafters who make homemade stuff. I think this year's Craft-o-rama was a few weeks ago so i missed it too.Eek! The holidays are coming! Free 2 hr parking in the lot on Elliot (west side) after 4:30 or something like that. Free parking with validation in the parking structure by the dollar store. Check out some of the other shops inside the market. They are amazing enough to merit their own reviews:Salty Tart yelp.com/biz/salty-tart-…United Noodle yelp.com/biz/united-nood…Rituals Soap Shop yelp.com/biz/rituals-min…My Fashion Square yelp.com/biz/my-fashion-…Cafe Fingspang yelp.com/biz/cafe-finspa…Pham's Deli yelp.com/biz/phams-deli-…
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/23/2008,243,425,2,6,4>I love Doubletree! How could I not rate them highly when they let me check into my room at 8:30AM--GRATIS!? Most hotels would be like the earliest I can possibly check you in if a room is available is 12PM. Sure Doubletree is not the glitzy mod hotel like Graves 601 Hotel, but it's a clean, decent early 90s looking hotel with really nice people.  The room is spacious (can fit 6 pp in a suite (2 beds and the couch in the living room is a pull out bed). Complimentary Neutrogena bathroom products and chocolate cookie. $30-60 less/night than the surrounding 4 star hotels. Location wise -it's perfect, if you want to hang out in Downtown. However you can catch a bus on Hennepin and head to Uptown. For those who have a Starbucks addition, it's connected to the hotel. Parking was $15/night for us, and it was a pain at times as the hotel doesn't reserve a certain amount of parking spaces for their guests, but we managed to find meter parking (free on weekends) and the hotel took off all parking charges. Room - 3.5Customer Serivce - 10 +
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,7/22/2008,19,128,4,19,11>Wow.  What a difference.  This place used to be dirty, grimy, and just down right gross.  But they've remodeled.  And now it's clean, bright, and well organized.Frankly, I've avoided them for so long, I forgot what the original layout was like.  Now, the meat department rivals that of the warehouse grocery stores, they have a large number of water tanks for fresh fish and seafood (including crab, clams, and various sizes of snails) and their entire seafood section is very impressive.  They had squid, 7 or 8 kinds of shrimp, and large frozen octopus, just to name a few.They have a decent sized produce department with fresh fruit and vegetables, but their frozen section isn't very big.  What's odd, too, is that the frozen foods is kind of in the middle of the produce department.  I guess they figure the cold can help keep the vegetables fresh, but it was kind of strange.They also now have a small counter area that you could call a deli.  They sell freshly made food as well as bubble tea.  There was a decent line there, so it must be pretty good.  When we were there, they were out of the "bubbles" for bubble tea, so that must be popular for them.We were there Sunday around lunch time and they were very busy.  The parking lot was packed and a little tough to navigate.  But it was a pleasant surprise to see how much they had improved.  Dragon Star may be our new favorite Asian market to shop at.  I know my wife has and will go here first for fresh seafood.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,7/21/2008,84,289,8,8,6>Great little neighborhood dive bar. The kind of place that has some character. If I lived nearby, I'd be a regular. Great place to turn up late the night before Easter, and rattle on loudly about Zombie Jesus. They had pitchers of Sam (and surprisingly, the official Belgian style Sam glasses) and a waitress that made sure they didn't stay empty long.Thanks for the hangover, Cuzzy's!
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2008,7/20/2008,128,296,11,5,6>Ladies, listen up.    You know when you're bloated and feeling uncomfortable and fat and stuffed full of chocolate and you know that shopping is the last thing in the freaking world that you want to do?  WELL...Go to this Banana.  Find something obnoxiously overpriced.  And take it into the fitting room.  They have those fancy dressing room mirrors with the trick lights that make you look 10 pounds thinner than you actually are.  No.  Joke.  I'm a total cheapskate when it comes to clothes and would be the girl voted "most likely to sit down on something gross without looking" so Banana clothes really ain't my thing.  But when it comes to dressing up, this store is one of my guilty pleasures.I've been eyeing a dress in this store for the past 6 weeks that seemed like it might be the perfect candidate for a wedding rehearsal dinner dress (that could also be reincarnated as a wear-to-work dress after the wedding).  Buuuut...it was $150.  And I didn't want to spend $150, even if it was silk.  Well.  Today it was on sale for under $80.  Not too shabby.  And neither was my ass in that fitting room mirror.  +5 stars for the awesome mirror.  -3 stars for being a waste of money.+1 bonus star for the awesome mirror.  =3 stars
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2008,7/19/2008,56,259,3,4,4>I am a huge fan of roof deck bars. I live in San Francisco and we have very few as a direct result of our weather (the view goes away when the fog rolls in). When I come to Minneapolis you can find me enjoying cocktails at any outdoor space. I've been to Stella's a few times. I've found the dinner to include pretty decent seafood, especially for Minnesota, and the prices are reasonable for what you get. The cornbread is amazing. If you have the opportunity to come here during the day when most of the world is working, the view is great, the service is good, and the ambiance is relaxing. If you are like most of us and can only find time to drink at night or on a weekend, Stella's can be a bit disappointing. It has a way of warping you back to spring break when everyone is far too tan and blond and the men appear to have jobs focused around weight lifting. DBags mixed with DBags at a bar close to impossible to order a drink at. Other than that, people are right - the view is quite nice.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/18/2008,2,15,2,7,3>My friends in Minnesota took me to this bookstore when I was out there visiting them.  I was instantly hooked!  It's a tiny place, but the coziness really adds to its charm.  Wall-to-wall full of used paperback books, this is my kind of place!  I am a total paperback book lover.  The prices are reasonable and the lady who waited on me was really friendly and helpful.  A true gem!
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,7/17/2008,1352,418,3,3,3>Ate there after for a wedding reception possibly by another reviewer here and had a great experience.  Greek food frequented by Greek people . . . nuff said.1 Star for YUMMY food1 Star for COOL location1 Star for GREAT staff1 Star for NICE general vibe1 Star bonus!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,6/10/2014,81,211,2,6,2>Tex-Mex is Tex-Mex for the most part, but the Lone Spur seems to do a pretty good job trying to make it a little more interesting.Location is great, parking is free and plentiful and they have a pretty sweet outdoor patio during the summer months.  The bar is separate from dining, but you can still get food at the bar.  Choose your priority when choosing to dine-in or sit int he bar.  If you sit in the bar you typically get faster service - and the drinks flow faster.  They know their customer and cater differently to the bar vs. dining experience.You must get the guacamole, it isn't really any better than guac at other places, but they give you colored chips, which I love - and lets me honest, its guac, a requirement when eating Tex-Mex.They have an extensive menu and the portions are quite large, very easy to share a meal.  I seem to always go back to the same two items, taco burrito and seafood enchiladas (can't remember what they are actually called on the menu).Service can be slow sometimes, depending on the time you go, but they are always very nice and keep your glass filled.  They also don't get mad if you take forever to make a decision since the menu is quite vast.Happy hour is pretty great.  I used to come here and sit in the bar far too frequently (I lived just behind them).  Half priced apps and drink specials daily.  They have a nice selection of margaritas, too.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/9/2014,52,52,5,12,3>As soon as Pub 42 took over the Sunshine Factory location, the stench of sub-par food and service drifted away, probably in the direction of the new Sunshine Factory location. (I'll give them a try in the coming months, just to be fair.)Pub 42 is clean and fun. Their new staff really seems to care about providing a great experience and great food in a clean location. The servers acted like my satisfaction was the thing they were concerned with.  I was quite pleased.  And the prices are amazingly cheap.I am not a regular yet, but I highly recommend Pub 42 as a great new place to spend an evening with friends.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/8/2014,12,490,2,5,3>We stopped in to the Local the other night looking for a drink and some bar food while in downtown Minneapolis.  It was a Sunday night so we had no problem walking right in as downtown was like a ghost town.We found the Local to be both cozy and vibrant at the same time.  There were folks cheering on their favorite teams on the abundant TVs scattered around the bar and the cozy nooks and dark wood helped make the place feel warm and welcoming.While this is more of a beer place, they had a couple of decent wines by the glass which we ordered along with a selection of appetizers.  We got the "chicken shots" (a huge plate of delicious fried chicken nuggets coated in a satisfying whiskey glaze - think boneless wings with a sweeter sauce - they totally need another name for these), the cheese plate (yummy with 3 cheeses, fruit and crispy artisinal crackers) and pretzels (salty and steaming hot from the oven with a so-so cheese sauce).  Having not been there before, we thought we'd get some appetizers then move on to other things on the menu but the sizes of these were more than the two of us could finish.Guess we'll have to come back again sometime to try the rest of the menu.Service was decent and friendly and you could easily while away some time here with friends if you weren't careful.  All in all an great spot for food and drink.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/7/2014,45,124,4,9,4>My 4 star review is exclusively for the croissant which was really good. It's $2.25 which isn't cheap, but I thought it was worth it.  It was so soft and moist that I didn't even have to heat it up or slab it with butter.  It was flaky, but not to the point where there were crumbs everywhere. I would definitely have it again! I look forward to stopping by again to try some other items. While they don't have a huge variety of baked goods, between the muffins, breads, raspberry horns, palmier cookies and other treats, I'm sure to find something.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/6/2014,28,183,3,7,4>I have heard about this place for years and finally made it there today.  It's a large whse in Golden Valley with tons of items!!  I was looking for a specific piece as I already have several other Room and Board pieces I needed a match to. I found several items to chose from a great prices.  That being said things at the outlet are not cheap but are between 25-70% off the retail price.  Most items I saw we're not damaged so it was mostly items in good condition.  Large selection but it was quite busy so get there early on Saturday.  Also if u want something tag it right away and then continue shopping.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,6/5/2014,76,164,12,15,10>After a pretty horrifying/unpleasant experience at a dentist's office when I was in my teens, I may have maybe... stopped going. I had zero interest in ever seeing a dentist again, frankly, and even after going with Jenny on one of her appointments and witnessing the level of care here... I still didn't want to go. In fact, it wasn't until Jenny begged me with her cute little twinkly blue eyes at the receptionist's desk that I ended up begrudgingly agreeing to come back for a cleaning. That's when the nerves set in. Oh, yes; chuckle now. Chuckle at how funny it is that I was nervous about having my teeth cleaned, but consider this; the last time I had the same procedure done (NOT AT THIS DENTIST) both the hygienist and I were literally covered in my blood after nearly two hours of her cranking on me with a hook. My gums separated from my teeth so much that I could move the sections that went up between my teeth freely, as if they were nearly unattached, for two weeks afterwards. And that wasn't even the worst part of the adventure.But I digress.Anyway, I came in for my appointment and was greeted with a smiling, warm face by the lady at the front counter. She checked me in, handed me a gift bag full of goodies(including a hand-written personalized card), and I went off to tremble like a chihuahua in the waiting room.The hygienist, Kari, came in (the same one Jenny had... I was glad to see a familiar face) and I prepared for the ensuing bloodbath.We chatted/joked for a while and she checked out my teeth to see what she was working with. The X-Rays went smoothly (she even had another technician press the button to make it go faster since I have the worst gag reflex known to man) and I felt myself relaxing a little.It turned out that I needed a debridement before I could get a basic cleaning. She took the time to talk to the office, figure out the cost and describe what she was going to do.I cringed. I knew the tartar exorcism was soon to begin. I could see her grabbing some tools and I braced myself for that old familiar hook when... she pulled out some odd looking thing and explained that it used water and vibration to do the job. ... I have no idea if those tools didn't exist seven years ago or if my other hygienist was just a sadist, but I found myself oddly relieved.During the cleaning, she was:- Extremely meticulous.- Considerate (not asking "ARE YOU OKAY?" every three seconds but still very much paying attention to my facial expressions and such).- Funny and personable--able to joke one minute and then completely focus on scrubbing the barnacles off my teeth the next.When all was said and done, I... wasn't covered in blood. And neither was she. And my teeth felt... clean?The dentist, Dr. Baylon, came in and checked out my teeth. She proceeded to compliment them which made me feel awesome and discuss a battle plan for the handful of small cavities I have. She was very realistic, polite and very gentle when she was prodding around at my gums. When it came time to check out and handle the payment, the "other Kari" (though I don't think it's spelled the same) was very polite, funny and laid out explanations for procedure costs and whatnot. I got a good discount for paying in cash, so... keep that in mind.I left feeling confused but oddly excited to return in a week to complete the basic cleaning we scheduled. I went back today and got the same warm smile from the front desk. Kari was, again, EXTREMELY meticulous with cleaning off the rest of the residue on my teeth (instead of just overlooking an area if it seemed a little questionable, she would re-clean it until she was satisfied with the result), very gentle and generally pleasant. She is a wizard. ... Yes, I even told her. That's a high honor, you know.It was absolutely 100% painless and... actually kind of fun because my teeth now feel smoother than oiled-up glass. I made my next cleaning appointment for August without a slight amount of hesitation. I'm in love with this place and I've chosen to make it my mission to tell everyone I know about it. Quick note:AS OF THIS WRITING: the office is undergoing a huge renovation and, as such, is in a heavy state of construction. Don't be surprised to see boxes of floor tiles or what have you laying around when you come off the elevator. This construction has in no way effected the cleanliness of the place itself, so don't be put off by it.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/4/2014,797,294,9,15,15>I try not to frequent that often... Why? Because Snuffy's is ridiculously good! Snuffy's has that 50's feel with the red booths. This place is busy and on the weekends plan on waiting. The service is always good. This is a great place to bring your kids. I crave their malts. They just know how to make them right, and they completely understand what you mean when you say extra thick! The burgers, fries, and onion rings are wonderful! The perfect amount of grease. I also love the chili and chicken noodle soup (when I'm trying not to over indulge).  Love the neighborhood feel. Plenty of parking too.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,6/3/2014,50,97,3,5,4>I started coming here because it's near Midwest Mountaineering and after climbing for awhile, grasping a cold pint feels really good on my hands. Now, I love this place all on it's own, it's proximity to Midwest is just a very happy bonus. Their own brews are fantastic, Oatmeal Stout and their Scotch Ale are my favourites. Normally I'm not a fan of hoppy beers or IPA's, but these guys, theirs are good. I've been joking that I'm unofficially on a mission to try every pub's pretzels and cheese app so of course I had to try Town Hall's pretzel. Best. Pretzel. Ever. To start, it's stuffed with cheese. There's cheese, *inside* the pretzel, it's awesome. Supposedly there's a bit of jalapeno in there too but I didn't taste it and I do not have a high spice tolerance. The cheese sauce that comes on the side that you can dip it in is also fantastic. It comes with two so you can share, if you're feeling generous. The beer brats are also quite tasty, made by the Seward Co-op using some of the Brewery's beer.Tuesday is $2 off single malt scotch whiskey and their current cask beer, and something else, cider I think? I kind of stopped listening after $2 off whiskey. And their scotch whiskey selection/pricing (as in low pricing) is impressive, puts Merlin's and Happy Gnome to shame.EDIT: it's bourbon, scotch and cask beer that's $2 off. So if you can't pay your rent and you want one bourbon, one scotch, and one beer you can get $6 off from all 3.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/2/2014,38,64,4,8,6>Yesssss! This place is amazing! I stopped here after realizing I was in the neighborhood this past Saturday.  Man, I am SO glad I did! This is not a hip, new donut shop.  Nope, this is an old-school place and I wouldn't have it any other way!When I stopped in around 10am, there were just two older gentlemen sitting in a booth, enjoying some donuts and coffee.  Despite the late arrival (relative to when I'm assuming this place is busy!) the case was still stocked with an awesome variety! Lots of both raised and cake donuts.  As I am a cake donut fan, I opted for a cinnamon sugar, which is my hands-down favorite.  To bring home to the man, I got a chocolate glazed raised donut.  The price of these two donuts? $1.80.  Yup. That's it. Also, the younger guy behind the counter was super friendly and helpful.I must admit my donut did not make it home.  About halfway through my drive the car started to  smell so good that I pulled over and ate my entire donut.  It was amazing.  The inside was soft and fluffy while the outside had that nice crispness that you can only get from a freshly fried cake donut.  The man gobbled his donut up as well once I got home with it!  Don't miss this place if you're in the neighborhood, and have a hankering for something delicious and sweet!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,6/1/2014,187,166,6,8,5>Once again, I paid attention to the Review of the Day, and once again, I was able to convince my friend, Jack, to try out a new place for us at lunch. Szechuan is pretty close to our work, so we were surprised we hadn't eaten here before.First off, the place is very clean. So you know that makes me happy. I love steamed dumplings, and Szechuan serves theirs with a twist. They make it spicy with chili paste. I'm sold, but the only downside is that the dumplings are swimming in some of the chili paste oil.I told Jack that I judge an Asian restaurant by their Ma Po Tofu.  This one was pretty good. Not great, but good for me. For both the food reasons, plus the cleanliness of the place, I give Szechuan a four out of five stars.Jack had the Lemon Chicken, and we both prefer the version that serves a chicken breast without a lot of breading. This one is the latter, but Jack said that and the Hot and Sour Soup were good.Prices were good and the portions are generous. Next time I may order off the lunch menu as I wasn't able to finish mine, and I can pack it away. So thanks for highlighting Szechuan as a ROTD. Goes to show you really should log into Yelp on a (at least) daily basis!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,11/13/2011,12,103,2,4,2>Woman behind counter: "What do you want your Izzy to be?"Me: "Huh?"I quickly learned that an Izzy is a tiny scoop of another flavor that goes on top of the scoop you ordered. This is a fun way to try a new flavor and add something a little different to your scoop. The waffle cones are fresh and have a chocolate malt ball at the bottom, which is probably one of the greatest ideas in human history. This place gets ridiculously crowded, but they do a good job of keeping the line moving. Last time I went there was a line out the door, but it only took five minutes to get in and out.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,11/12/2011,32,79,3,6,2>This quaint little spot won me over for pizza in Northeast.  I liked the menu options and felt that their selections were spot on with what is trendy now in pizzas.  I had the Fire pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was a thinner crust, but the actual crust-end was doughy and delicious - just my kind of crust-making.In terms of style, it's pretty similar to Punch.  Except better.  Now, I know them are fightin words for Punch lovers, but hear me out.  At Element, (a) there is actually cheese on the pizza that (b) keeps the toppings on and doesn't make them slide off while you're eating the pizza leaving you to clean up the mess with a fork.  And (c) - my earlier crust comment.  And it seems to be slightly better priced as well.  Won me over!
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/11/2011,42,189,,5,4>Like many of the others that have reviewed Saffron here, I struggle to offer any sort of even constructive criticism. This restaurant is pretty close to perfection. More than 12 hours later, I'm still glowing about it. Disclosure: In terms of worldly cuisines, I have not eaten very much Middle Eastern fare in my lifetime. Many of the spices and flavors are foreign to my Midwestern palate. But I didn't let that stop me from visiting Saffron, and neither should you.  Saffron's menu has a whole lot of little plates designed to share and a small selection of entrees. We opted to dine our way through the tapas so that would could experience as much of the cuisine as possible. Our waiter, Dave, did a wonderful job of walking us through the menu and making suggestions. We tried everything from the Sultan hummus (very smooth and flavorful) and the grilled Kofta meatballs (that have a nice heat to them) to the grilled Haloumi cheese on pearl onions (totally addicting) and the chicken and Porcini mushroom croquettes (mouthwateringly delicious). We tried the chicken bisteeya (saffron stewed chicken and almond pie wrapped in phyllo dough and sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar - a combination that sounds odd but works well together) and the grilled beef strip loin (cooked to perfection and among the best steaks we've ever had). The only item that didn't wow our group was the fried beef kubbeh and I think that was a matter of our tastebuds not knowing what to make of the bulgar shell. For dessert we sampled the chocolate ganache cake (dense like fudge and served with hazelnut ice cream and orange sauce) and the apple trifle (with sherry soaked cake and creme fraiche). What really stood out at Saffron- other than the food and the cozy decor- was how amazing the service really was. The staff is obviously well trained to read their customers and to go above and beyond. They create the experience as much as the food. Chef Wadi's brother and business partner Saed made sure to check in on us and see if we were enjoying everything and our waiter was attentive without being intrusive.  When I couldn't decide what cocktail to have, Dave asked if he could create something for me. I told him what I would normally drink and he came back with a glass of heaven that was right in line with my tastes. He was able to do this for one of my dining partners as well. It was truly amazing. I couldn't leave without picking up a few of Chef Wadi's spice blends. He offers four for sale in house and online. I think they'll make great Christmas presents.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,11/10/2011,128,296,7,4,2>The phrase 'hot mess' isn't usually meant to be used in a complimentary manner.  Case in point: Lindsey Lohan, Charlie Sheen, road construction, government shutdowns, the closet hallway at my house, etc.Until you're halfway through a Jucy Lucy and you realize that a HOT MESS is the only way to describe the molten cheese dripping down your fingers, and holy moly, God Bless America, boy does this thing rock.  Hot mess, come to mama!!!Recommended especially for people who like their burgers hot and sloppy.  Come hungry (the basket of fries is ridiculous).  Bring cash.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,11/9/2011,186,185,3,7,3>Ramen. The dish that has eluded me in Minneapolis. We've got Soondubu, Soba noodles, and Pho (lots of Pho). However, despite its best attempts, Minneapolis has failed to produce a Ramen shop noteworthy of eating at. I hope Tim Mckee doesn't mind that I hold him to the standards of Ramen from So Cal's Japantown and Ippudo from New York.We walked in to Masu at a low time to ensure we got some decent service and the full walk through of their offerings. We sat at the bar and immediately noticed our old friend Niko from Wakame. Like old times, he told us what was fresh on the menu (basically everything since it was day 5).I loved the feel of the place. Great decor, modern yet an inviting bar to sit at. The Pachinko arcade was a novel touch. The huge wooden bar was a nice upgrade to the standard granite. Interestingly, the sushi bar melded with the liquor bar but it worked well. Also, Japanese Godzilla was on. Awesome.We sat down and were greeted by Jesse. We asked a few tough questions but we got answers to everything. Very attentive and made sure our needs were met. Exceed expectations at a bar.On to the food. We had a few of Masu's most popular dishes.1) Aji - rarely do we see Aji on the menu since most Minnesotans don't order it. Niko prepared it beautifully, half sashimi half poke with ginger. Fried Aji bones followed and it was indeed a perfect preparation. If it's fresh, this is hard to screw up.rating: 8/102) Robata - Quail Eggs wrapped in Bacon. This was good and what I expected. Well fried bacon and eggs were nicely done.rating: 7/103) Robata - Sweet Corn. Mrs. G and I agreed that this wasn't special. Grilled with a sweet glaze and miso sauce. Ho- hum despite being a popular dish.rating: 4/104) Ramen - Supposedly the highlight of the menu. I order the Pork Belly Ramen while Mrs. G drummed up the Miso Ramen. For anyone who has had great ramen, you'll find that Mckee's ramen has its ups and downs. - Ups: I loved my pork belly. Not too oily and fatty, well prepared. Also, the fish sticks were not the store bought type, in house prepared. Nice. - Downs: First, the broth lacked depth in flavor, both the miso and the shiyo. Ramen broth takes upwards of ten hours to make well. I knew that this broth wasn't simmered that long. In addition, while handmade noodles are great, they were too al dente for my taste.For a bowl anywhere from $10 - $12, I expected more. Despite this, it ends up being the best ramen in town (which is like placing first at your neighborhood hot dog contest).rating: 6/105) Mango Dango: The meal ended on a super high note. Mango foam with red bean, mochi, and mango sorbet, the Diane Yang created dish had balance and chemistry. Nice.rating: 9/10Overall, the meal was pretty good. Almost all patrons will be pleased with the food but for those who know Ramen, it might fall a little short. What made up for it was the excellent service, the warm feel of the place, and the prices being quite reasonable.Side Note on service - I was impressed to see Tim himself serving us our ramen bowls and robata. He also was on hand to provide training for his staff. Truly a teacher, not just a chef. Props.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,11/8/2011,223,363,1,14,4>First rule of Pizza Club is...no anchovies. Just kidding, I think they're ok, better paired in puttanesca or on bruschetta with avocado. But with so many options at Pizzeria Lola, you won't miss them too much.First off, if you're looking for traditional, Neapolitan-style pizza, get out. Seriously. Even though the oven is imported from France, the owner Ann Kim is a certified Pizzaiola, and the crust is definitely good Neapolitan crust, the toppings are innovatingly American. Reservations are only for parties of 8 or more, but if you call about 20 minutes ahead to let them know you are coming, it'll save you a long wait. We only waited a few minutes before being ushered to a booth. The wood paneling along the walls is simple and I liked the custom posters done by the local designers Aesthetic Apparatus.For a party of five, we ordered the Lola antipasta plate and three pizzas; the Hawaiian Pie-O, the Seasonal, and the Lady Zaza. The antipasta plate was delicious and came with drizzles of high quality balsamic vinegar and olive oil. $12 was a lot for the amount, but the meats are local and the quality is good. I would recommend this for a party of 2-3 people.Overall, the crust is amazing. I wish there was olive oil and balsamic on the tables so I could dab my crusts, since they were on the dry side. Hawaiian Pie-O comes with pineapple chunks and crispy bacon instead of Canadian bacon. I'm not sad about that. The bacon was a nice textural and taste contrast to the sweet soft pineapple.  The seasonal had butternut and spaghetti squash with taleggio cheese and sage. The subtle squash flavors were balanced out by the cheese and sage. Both pizzas are nods to foodie/traditional pizza toppings, but my favorite by far was the Lady ZaZa. Kim's Korean roots come out with house-made sausage crumbles and kimchi, dancing with thinly slice shishito peppers and drizzled with sesame oil. You definitely have to eat the first part of the slice with a fork and knife but feel free to pig out with your hands. The slightly spicy sausage, the crunchy kimchi, the deep flavor of sesame oil really makes for a stunning pizza.  I would return for this pizza alone.For dessert, Jared and I ordered a house-made soft serve vanilla with olive oil and fleur de sel. I was kind of weirded out but the waiter said it was good. And he was right! The soft-serve was not too sweet with a not too strong vanilla flavor. The olive oil added a fruity richness while the fleur de sel added a salty crunch. Perfect for those who like a little dessert that isn't packed with sugar.The service was pretty great, our waiter was super nice. Also, a manager came by to let us know that one of the pizzas had ripped and they were re-making it, but that was ok since we had two pizzas already.Overall, the pizzas are well balanced with a great crust. Additional olive oil and balsamic would be nice to help finish the crusts. Definitely not your traditional toppings, but I think Punch and Pizza Nea have that covered. Unfortunately, the Armatage neighborhood is  too far from my home in Nordeast to make it a regular trek.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,11/7/2011,114,193,11,3,4>Let me get my bias out of the way: I'm not native Minnesotan and I was raised on Eastern European staples thanks to my Czech Bohemian lineage.  Pickled herring appetizer, check.  Five tons of sauerkraut with pierogi and sausage, check.  Relish plate with more pickled things, check.  This is my soul food, and they don't screw it up.  This makes it impossible for me to find fault with Nye's.How was the service?  I don't remember, I was too blitzed on the house martinis.  I got my food and my drinks, so that's good service, right?Also, I love the interior kitsch... which really might not be kitsch at all and simply the laziness of never updating as times change, but whatever.  The super-dark paneling and general ambiance reminded me of going to VFW halls as a kid to see my great-grandpa play accordion and sing with his polka band.I'm magically transported back to being seven years old except I ALSO GET TO BE DRUNK.  I love you, Nye's.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,11/6/2011,164,127,6,6,5>I love this place like a fat kid loves cake - scratch cake. cobbler.Hello dreamy peach cobbler.Swede Hallow e Cafe owes much of its charms to its storied past and historic location. Located in the Historic Dayton's Bluff neighbourhood, Swede Hollow has its roots as an immigrant community. Most of the neighbourhood was the poorest, in fact they didn't have running water back in the days. Given the geological location and the frigid Minnesotan winters, SH has a fighter spirit that's still evident in today's residence. Today, Swede Hollow is now in the heart of one of the most desirable neighborhoods in all of Minnesota, on a hill overlooking downtown Saint Paul with rich Swedes, Polish and Italian heritage. Swede Hollow Cafe is a tiny cafe and a neighbourhood fave that with colourful paintings, large windows embodies a really homey feeling/ down-to-earth feeling. Beyond these features, Swede Hallow offers the typical independent coffee shop decor, with hardwood floors, a hodgepodge of tables and seating options. A rotating collection of works by community artists is on display along most of the wood and brick walls.Swede Hallow's menu is slightly more impressive than the typical establishment. In addition to a decent range of cold/hot beverages and baked goods (all of varying quality, as with most other coffee houses), they also offer sandwiches and soups for lunch.The crowd tends to change by the day and hour. During weekday work hours one can find an assortment of business folk, government professionals and policymakers from downtown St. Paul and the state capital. Couples and social cliques gather on weekends. And neigbhorhood residents--filter in quickly. Of all my coffee shop experiences, Swede Hallow has probably been one of the closest to satisfying. I go in, order a cappuccino with biscotti while still taking the fancy litllle bars of dark chocolate that comes free with Swedish style cappuccinos, grab a street-facing seat and marvel at the great architecture and ambiance. Reading, journaling or having a meeting--my "real" reasons for coming--are treated as after-thoughts.On the weekends, after browsing the Saint Paul's farmer's market, my significant other and I come here for brunch, I always seem to pour myself over the menu to only resort to my usuals, quiches, french toast and oh those sweet cobblers.(P.S. Special thanks to Katherine Z for telling me about this. It definitely has a cult following and I have no shame in saying, that I'm one of those followers)
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,11/5/2011,89,97,9,3,3>Mike Tice and I have one thing in common.  We both love Bunny's.  In the vast wasteland of nightlife in the suburbs, this bar shines bright.  I had been to Bunny's in the past previous to it becoming our wiffleball league post game bar, including the day I spent 14 hours and had all three meals there, but I really began to appreciate it when I started making weekly visits.  There is a good mix of beer league sports teams, leathery skinned cougars, and suits.  Plenty of room and plenty of TVs to go around making it difficult to not get a good seat.  The beer list is impressive and they rotate a beer of the month which is always something good, aside from last summer's Newcastle summer ale which tasted like gutter water.  They also have an impressive menu which I've rarely ordered from due to two factors:1.   They have a free taco bar at 10 pm.  Coincidentally that is shortly after my wiffleball league rolls in.  That taco cart doesn't ever stand a chance.  They don't refill it so when it's gone it's gone.  2.  Every weeknight they have 25 cent wings.  Six flavors, all very tasty, and the wings are actually a decent size, unlike the sorry excuse for wings that BW3 peddles.  In summation, this bar is a big reason why I go from a B cup to a D cup every summer.  Bastards.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,11/4/2011,82,194,5,7,6>Fresh, Fresh, Fresh....ok enough of my rap intro but I was surprised at how fresh the food was here.   All the ban chan (little side dishes they bring free with your meal) are all made daily from scratch. NOT like some places that make a vat of it and serve it all week.I could tell my bulgogi was cooked to order as well because it was soft and supple...wait is supple a adjective for food?  Well you get the idea!  The bulgogi was on the sweeter side too which is just how I like and it had just the right ratio of vegetables to meat.  I also had the curry soon dubu which was very similar to a Japanese curry but in soup form and was the perfect level of spice.My BF is Korean so he has more authority than me and he was impressed, so this place is pretty legit.  He got the regular soon dubu and the spicy pork.  I tried his soup too and I couldn't make up my mind as to which one I preferred, they were both amazing!  We used to eat back in Korea Town in Los Angeles when we lived there and this place gave us those warm fuzzy feelings of being home.The service was quick and the owners were very attentive. The only bad thing I can say about this place is they don't have their own parking lot but there is a paid lot next door or of course street parking.I never thought I would say this but I can't wait for winter cos I can only imagine how good the hot soup will taste then...but I'll be back this summer too!
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,6/30/2009,126,381,4,10,5>So after months of walking by Jade every other day inside the Midtown Global Market, I finally went for their happy hour with some friends. The restaurant offers $2.00 bottled beers and 2-for-1 taps along with a sushi menu and Chinese food. During their early happy hour (4-6 pm) they have free appetizers with drinks although I went to the late happy hour from 8-10 pm.I had been craving sushi for so long and yet I've always been disappointed here in the Twin Cities. Not much can compete with the cheap and ubiquitous sushi restaurants that I was used to in San Diego. I've had good sushi here but I've always had to pay for it. Now I can finally say I have a place that can cure my cravings on the cheap! I had a nice tall Kirin Ichiban and ordered the spicy tuna roll, which was only $8. When my plate came out, I was amazed at not only the amount of food but the artistry of the presentation. Usually the fancy-looking stuff costs quite a bit more, but Jade exceeded expectations in every way; The rolls came out arranged in a circular pattern on a giant plate with sliced strawberries arranged between each piece. There were slivers of carrots lying on top of the arrangement and a beautiful radish "flower" in the center. The outer edges of the plate were swirled with Sriracha sauce and hot mustard which was sliced with a knife to look like the fiery rays of the sun shining outwards from my plateful of food. It was probably the most beautiful meal I have ever seen--especially for under $10. The flavors didn't disappoint either. The roll was made with tuna, jalapeños and cream cheese and something else that was crunch (cucumber?). It was delicious and I almost couldn't eat all of it because the portions were so generous...I repeat 'almost'. My friends were all good Minnesotans and ate noodles and lemon chicken but they were equally pleased with dinner. The only problem was the soda machine must have been broken because one friend had a flat soda. She returned it, explaining the lack of fizz but the waiter returned with another (different) flat soda. When we tried to explain again, he seemed to get confused and thought she just didnt like soda pop. In the end, she just accepted her fate and drank the water. I'm not worried about the soda issue since the 2-for-1 taps is too good to pass up. It was the perfect compliment to my giant roll of deliciousness. I will certainly be back, especially now that the lot on 10th Ave is free with validation for any shop inside the Market. Hallelujah for glorious and inexpensive sushi!
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,6/29/2009,3,2,,4,4>After hearing from the significant other and friends that the burgers at this place were tops, I had to investigate myself.Went last week, also went early (around 3) as to get a seat andbe there during their happy hour. Ordered cajun tots, (which were awesome!), and the Frenchy,sipped a few micros, which by the way are only $2 for happyhour, what a deal! The food was great, the service was a bit off, as there was only1 girl there to tend the bar and wait the entire place. You'd thinkthey would have more than 1 person on, especially for happy hour,the place was full and people were standing, waiting to sit.Wish I lived closer, I'd be here daily at least for the cheap taps,and maybe some tots!
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,6/28/2009,39,332,2,2,2>Good dough fo' sho. (trying to keep it real for Dan S.) Came here for a quick dinner and we were both happy with the tapenade and then also the Athena pizza. On the Athena we asked to have half of it with the red sauce and the other with the bianca, and we both liked the red much better. They add plenty of toppings and the dough is actually pretty good stuff. I would love to go back drunk with a slotted spoon and a can opener. Then just go to town on the cans of olives or tomatoes they put the pizzas onto when they put it on your table.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,6/27/2009,4,28,4,7,1>This is the best cafe in the Twin Cities. And for those who've traveled, it is easily one of the best cafes in the US. Coffee enthusiasts will understand how and why the coffee is great, coffee drinkers may not know why it is so good, but you'll know it is good.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,6/26/2009,90,194,4,6,5>Went to this place for the first time in like 10 years. As soon as I walked in, I remembered why I had so much fun in this place! You walk in and immediately feel as if you've been transported out of NE and up north some where! We came for dinner, and I had the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was easily the best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever had. Seriously. It was THAT good. The down side was that the service isn't great. While the waitress was very friendly, it took far too long after coming in to have our drink order taken, and then even longer for the food order to be taken. It was not busy at all when we were there. Other than the spotty service, it was great, and I plan to make my trips there more frequent than once every 10 years!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,6/25/2009,39,93,2,9,8>Worth the wait it takes to get seated. Tables seem to turn pretty fast. This is my favorite place to brunch. I have never strayed from the FRIED EGG SANDWICH. YUM. Perfectly toasted bread with egg, cheddar, ham, avocado and tomato. So perfect. I add hot sauce. The fried potatoes and spicy catchup that come on the side are the perfect compliment. Go here JUST to get that sandwich.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,6/24/2009,65,311,,5,5>Ambiance + Value + Thoughtful Menu = 5 starsLucia Watson is a pioneer of the Twin Cities dining scene and her wine bar is a great alternative to her restaurant (not to mention great on its own).We love to sit at the bar and chat with the bartender (who tends to be really busy but always finds time to talk).  Always a nice draft selection (3 on tap) and the bottled beer also has something for every kind of beer drinker.The wine selection is also great and is slants towards the value end of the spectrum.  The wines are almost always something you won't find at the liquor store.The bar menu offers some light dining if you want to graze (get Lucia's olive oil, it is fantastic) and you can also order from the restaurant if you are craving a bit more.  The pizza's are usually pretty good but the crusts come up short compared with Punch or Black Sheep.If you get shut out at the restaurant or are in the mood for a casual night, Lucia's wine bar won't disappoint.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,6/23/2009,85,28,,7,6>I continually come back to Brasa for what I think is the best reason to re-visit a restaurant: The food is great. The meat has wonderful taste, the sides are varied and delicious, the beer is cold and in the summer you can't beat the patio.I think there is some psychological  magicness about their menu, too. I think it's the same magic Chipotle has exploited: Keep the menu limited but allow for lots of customization. Our brains can only handle so many choices. (Have you gone to Cheesecake Factory lately? Is that menu not overwhelming???) Giving us one page of options is a relief for our over-worked decision-makers -- especially when every single option is so delicious.See you there.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,6/22/2009,4,17,3,5,4>I finely made it to Vincent!!! Yay! We met a couple friends for happy hour... it was awesome. A really nice selection of $3 glasses of wine and beer and $5 bubbly cocktails like a French 75, Yum! The Happy hour Burgers are delicious, wow, they ere stuffed with short ribs, who can argue with a little meat inside your meat? We also tried and loved"Vincent's favorite dessert" simply, ice cream, little madeline cookies, and homemade chocolate sauce.I took a look at the rest of the menu and I can't wait to go back for Dinner.Oh and the service was great!
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,6/21/2009,47,152,5,5,7>Good customer service goes a long way for me. I had never been here before, and met up with someone for an early afternoon drink. I sat down at the table and my companion already had a drink. I assumed we would get wait service so I sat there for a few minutes. Finally I just got up and went to the bar to order a beer. No biggie. The bartender poured my beer and apologized that no one came. He said, "this beer is on us". I thought that was just dandy. I really like this little corner of MInneapolis and will most likely find myself back for more.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,12/9/2013,22,118,3,5,2>Went here on a whim for my weekly Friday night happy hour. All my friends needed a drink, some more than others, but this definitely is a GREAT happy hour! Drunken happy hour, yes, very much so, when there are 341's being served is it possible not to have a good time? I don't think so. This is strictly a review on drinking, atmosphere, and service. Food, maybe I'll try it sometime, but It's a little too spendy for my blood. The service was quick and awesome! There were 3 different servers that approached us, but whomever it was knew the drinks we were drinking and were quick. Very friendly and approachable.The drinks themselves are $5 for a round of 3, which is a fantastic deal(Only on rails and taps, we asked about the pitchers, no deal) for pretty strong drinks. Also, this is only on Fridays, but 341's from 4-11 pm, no matter when you work, you can always enjoy this happy hour.  We sat out on the patio, which is pleasant, it is plenty big, with high-tops, low, and even some tables with outdoor couch type things. It was pretty busy and I could just tell everyone was having a splendid time!My friend did order the Veggie Burger with pepper jack cheese and sweet potato fries for $9, it also came with the standard lettuce, onion, and tomato for the burger and a nice big pickle! While I wouldn't say she was ravenous (maybe more eager to eat) that burger was gone in a flash! She said it was freakin delicious! Maybe that is true, I didn't try any of it, or maybe it was the 5th drink talking, nonetheless, everyone was happy.I do feel they could benefit from a happy hour food menu or get a popcorn machine, peanuts? Dunno, when your serving that much liquor, it might be nice to have little snackies!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/8/2013,155,803,3,3,5>It was a Friday on a perfect day in Minneapolis, and the Brava truck was parked in front of Target HQ. I decided to try it. There were about 10 items on the menu that all looked pretty good, but I am a huge fan of lamb anything, so a pulled lamb leg sandwich on a ciabatta roll with some peppers and sauce sounded splendid.It took about 3 minutes to get my food, with about 5 people in front of me.  While I was waiting, I served up a spicy pepper sauce and a jalapeno sauce they had sitting on a shelf.  They had perfect little containers to take them.The sauces turned out to be great for dipping the ripple potato chips that came with it. The roll was toasted with a great deal of lamb meat on it with some melted cheese. Kind of reminded me of a lamb Philly cheese steak.The lamb was super succulent and pretty flavorful and it was spilling out the sides. Great deal for $8.. The chips were pretty fresh, but nothing special.The dipping sauces were actually reversed labelled, I thought the jalapeno sauce labelled "Medium" was twice as spicy as the "Hot" red chili based sauce.  But the were TASTY!  Not too spicy as to where they would be unenjoyable. But hot enough to make me sweat at the end of the meal.I have read some mediocre reviews of this place, so maybe I just got lucky with the lamb sandwich, but it was PERFECT!
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,12/7/2013,151,116,6,6,6>I seriously love this place. Like when you're a freshman in high school and you have a major crush on the popular senior guy who you could never get... I feel sort of that way about The Kenwood since I am much too young, and much too poor to afford the neighborhood but I try to hang out with it as much as I can anyways.The coffee, the croissants, the HUEVOS RANCHEROS, along with many other things make me adore this little hidden gem.  I hope no one else goes so it stays less busy and I can sit for hours and sip my Americano and nibble on an almond croissant that I split with my friend.  Fun fact about The Kenwood: their bathroom is amazing. Best bathroom in the city.  You will feel fancy the whole time you are in there and begin to ponder how you can model your future home to mimic the loveliness of this bathroom.  I highly recommend stopping by, but not during the lunch rush because its crazy, and getting a cup of coffee, the huevos rancheros, and possibly a pastry.  You may fall in love though, pretty fast too.  Watch out
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/6/2013,75,147,2,8,4>Toast is a cozy little wine bar tucked into the North Loop area of downtown Minneapolis. I've been to Toast on quite a few occasions over the years but have been going more frequently recently. Why? Let's talk about that. They allow 1/2 glass wine orders, which I take advantage of to to make a custom wine flight. I love trying new wines and this is a great option for those who enjoy a good tasting. But Toast isn't just one and done. In addition to a nice variety of wine, they have some really good food. At least half of their menu items include cheese. Toast, you have my attention! There is even a section devoted to burrata. And I'm telling you now my friends, this is some very delicious burrata. Not a mozzarella fan? No problem. Create your own custom cheese plate by choosing from their large selection of soft and hard cheeses. Or order a few of their tasty crostinis (Taleggio with caramelized onions is a personal fav). If you want something a little more substantial, you really need to try their crispy thin crust pizzas. That crunchy crust is topped with unique ingredients like BBQ pork with green onions and provolone. Yum. Toast is the perfect stop before a night at Acme Comedy club or for an after work beverage. Check it out.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,12/5/2013,49,61,2,8,4>Anyone who lived in Uptown/Kenwood (or South Minneapolis, for that matter) in the past 30 years must have fond memories of one of the last "mom & pop" pharmacies, Burch Pharmacy, on the corner of Hennepin and Franklin. It was an icon.If you loved Burch Pharmacy as I did, you will not be disappointed with the transformation of the space. The owners have respected the space and its history, paying homage to its previous function by naming the restaurant after the pharmacy.Don't be tempted to dismiss this place as a "trend." It has enough substance to become a new classic.First, the decor is absolutely breathtaking, the food is fresh and innovative, the staff (mainly veteran service industry folk) are knowledgeable, friendly, and approachable, and the vibe, while (yes) "trendy," is cool without being out of reach. We've even stopped in with our gym shoes and yoga pants on after walking around Lake of the Isles.While I wouldn't generally recommend wearing your workout gear to a classy joint like this, there was nary an eyelash batted. We were treated with friendly, very attentive service and had a wonderful time.On that visit we tried the oysters, salmon tartar (was a bit salty on the first attempt and the chef sent a new order out right away), and butternut squash soup which was heavenly.Since that first visit, I have been back several times - with girlfriends, clients, and just with my hubby. We have had a blast every time. We had fun trying the wood fire pizza downstairs in the "grotto" on one particular stop. Steak is a definite must of course if you have the time and the ching.I think it's safe to say this corner of Uptown has a new icon.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,12/4/2013,71,68,7,6,8>I bought my first house in this neighborhood about 6 weeks ago, and I think it's safe to say that this is now my favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant.  It's laid back and casual, with 40 beers on tap (including many local craft beers), a large food menu, plenty of big screen TVs for watching whatever sporting event is on that day, plus a good size patio so you can feel outdoorsy while you get drunk!  Just ate there for the second time over this past weekend, and everything was on point, particularly considering the price!  So far I've tried the wings, the beer battered walleye, black bean burger, and french fries, and everything has surpassed my expectations.  The wings are HUGE and super crispy (I loathe non-crispy wings); definitely some of the better wings I've had in my life.  My boyfriend ordered the walleye pike special, which came with fries as well as a side salad.  The side salad was surprisingly large, the veggies were fresh, and the blue cheese dressing was super thick and rich, with generous chunks of blue cheese.  The walleye itself was piping hot, with a nice beer battered crust on it, and a wonderful tartar sauce.  A huge amount of food for $10 that was definitely worth much more.My spicy black bean burger was probably one of the best veggie burgers I've had, and I was vegetarian for 18 years, so that's saying something!  I could tell immediately that it wasn't some Morningstar Farms crap they just pulled out of the freezer--it was big, had a nice grilled char on it, and was topped with some delicious melty pepper jack cheese and chipotle mayo.  Even the bun it was served on was perfection!   As for the fries, I could take or leave french fries at most places--usually they're either too thin, too thick, or just not crispy enough.  These beer battered fries were sooo good and worth every delicious calorie.  Did I mention this burger & fries combo was only $8.50?!   I washed it all down with a Fox Barrel Blackberry Cider, then waddled home and commenced into a food coma. Our server informed us that they make all of their sauces and dressings from scratch, with the exception of the light Italian dressing.  They also cut their sirloin steaks on site, so they're always super lean, if you're a steak eater (we're not).  I definitely foresee us spending a lot of time in this great local bar!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/3/2013,46,54,2,5,4>Easily one of my favorite restaurants in Minneapolis.  INCREDIBLE brunch.  They source locally, the food is fresh, the atmosphere is relaxing, they have outdoor seating, the service is quick, they have bomb dot com bakery items and a great wine list...I could go on.  Their menu looks different depending on what time you're dining.  The brunch/lunch menu (until 2PM Mon-Thurs, until 3PM Fri-Sun) has breakfast and lunch items.  It's fairly expansive.  Some of my favorites include the Zone omelette - spinach, scallions, sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese (yum) and the Classic Egg Breakfast (eggs, hashbrowns, toast, bacon).  They are extremely accommodating in labeling and adjusting for dietary needs - Vegan, GF, etc.  Finding a seat for brunch on the weekend can be tough sometimes - you order at the counter and then find a table.  For dinner dining, a waitress seats and serves you.  I love their Grass-Fed Beef Burger - Grass Run Farm's beef, swiss cheese, sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onions, garlic chive aioli, organic milk bun, and have also enjoyed their Grilled Romaine salad and Pulled Pork.  I'm sure every bakery item is to die for. The ones I've tried are the flourless chocolate torte and coconut macaroons and I was not disappointed.  French Meadow, I love you.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/2/2013,41,188,6,9,7>Ordering here always puts me into a near panic - a good kind of panic. I have a hard time deciding what to get even though they have such a simple menu. There are mainly three categories of food to choose from: bocadillo sandwiches, caramelos aka tacos and meat skewer platters. Luckily, no one category ever disappoints.The pork bocadillo is light to eat. They come with a side of hot and crispy fries. The fries are just delicious with their addictive aioli. I think the aioli is so good that I wonder why store bought mayo isn't green and garlicky to begin with. Come to think of it, I'd much rather just get the fries over the bocadillo.The caramelos are delicious. Even though they're small, they're quite filling. I haven't gone wrong with the steak, shrimp, or special choices. The shrimp is always perfectly fried. In fact, they have the frying down to perfection. The soft shell crab special was perfecto! I'm also a real fan of the steak pincho platter. The meat is grilled perfectly. The coconut rice (doesn't taste sweet but has that sweet coconut aroma) and the beans (silky with a well balanced taste) just make it a great combo.Did I mention how well they fry their foods? The eggplant fries aren't some greasy heavy mess. I swear they can do no wrong with a fryer. And there's one owner that's always generous with the hibiscus tea samples. It's a drink I want to have all summer long.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,12/1/2013,101,229,2,6,3>Camp Bar: I love you because you make good drinks, you put on good shows, and it's always a good time. I'm maybe not the normal demographic that patronizes Camp Bar, but I've always enjoyed being there and have always felt welcomed. Plus, the shows they bring in are top-notch and FUNNY. Bible Abridged...Confessions of a Prairie Bitch.... they bring in good stuff. Now I know that bartenders usually hate it when you do this, but I walked into a show without knowing what the heck I wanted to drink. Actually, more accurately, I wanted something different. I was tired of the standards. The bartender asked me if I liked cake-flavored vodka. I said I was game and he made the BEST drink using the vodka and pineapple juice that tasted like pineapple upside-down cake. I definitely appreciated his assistance. Now on a normal weeknight, you'd probably find Camp Bar to be a little bit low-key. But hey, that's part of the charm. (And it is Downtown Saint Paul after all...we're working on getting more happening, but it just ain't happening yet...)You can also get food here--pizza and Sawadee--both made out-of-house. I don't know too much about it since I've only ever mooched off of friends' pizzas--but it was tasty for bar food.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/30/2013,35,183,3,3,3>What a neat place!Had a terrific cold press coffee in a neat glass jar sitting at one of their outside tables on a nice sunny day.  So lucky am I!Inside was nice with dark wood tables. There is also a downstairs with couches where you could hang with a group if you wanted to. Cozy!For lunch I had the black bean burger with avocado and salsa with a side of greens. Hit the spot. Nice people behind the counter. Great choices of goodies in the glass case (buttermilk scone, chocolate muffin, monster cookie...) The goodie I took home was the chocolate oat bar. BEST ever! Huge! I had eaten half before I realized I should've taken a photo.... I could never forget its girth, its richness, its satisfying chewiness.... I have to get another! I will dream about this place until I go back.Dreams do come true!(and I will get a photo for you :)
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,2/23/2012,101,229,2,3,2>This is a lovely little book shop with unique, intuitive arranging that not only helps you find the book you're looking for, but also helps you stumble upon something that, well, maybe you wouldn't have found otherwise. Presentation can be key in a book shop. I know I'm not supposed to judge a book by its cover and all, but sometimes something just *grips* you and you have to pick it up. Common Good Books has its merchandise arranged in such a way that you're not facing an endless garden of spines; there are featured titles and enticing tables with unique subject/topic groupings. Okay, so Common Good Books doesn't have the *biggest* selection--but it's also not a sterile, boxy, bookstore. And, as another reviewer mentioned, they tend to stock the most *interesting* books--the ones that you might not ever discover if lost in the sea of spines in a huge bookstore. The ones that the big bookstores might not even *have*. This is the perfect place to visit on a hot summer's day, by the way. Well, or a cold winter's day... It's a cool little downstairs place in the summer--a bookish retreat from the heat--and a warm, cozy nest of books in the winter. J'adore.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,2/21/2012,264,422,3,2,3>I love using visitors as an excuse to try new restaurants. This time, we went to Rinata, which I never really paid that much attention to before. And that was a mistake, because this place is legit. The place is kinda teeny, but has a great ambiance; it's perfect for dates, but also for small groups. Per other folks' reviews, the bread service was very, very, VERY good. It was warm and fresh and crusty and didn't even need olive oil or nada. I still decided to get the bruschetta with roasted mushrooms, caramelized onions, and bleu cheese and the pizza, because carbs make the world a better place. The bruschetta: OMFG. The mushroom was earthy, the bleu cheese was moldy goodness, and the onions were wonderfully sweet. Put them all together and it's like a party. In my mouth. And not a crazy party, but a quieter fun dinner party with your good friends and great food. The soppressata salami pizza with roasted mushrooms, mozzarella and olive oil was another gorgeous dish. The salami's salty unctuousness was a perfect topping for the crisp, thin crust. Brilliant.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,2/20/2012,84,275,2,3,4>I went 2 days in a row. The first time I was completely burnt out from work and I just wanted to seat down and have a beer. The second day I went back with my BF and had dinner. Both times I was very happy.I think we tried pretty much one dish from every section of the menu. The korokke were crispy, creamy and not at all greasy, the ramen with kimchi was spicy enough to have a kick but not so spicy that you cannot taste anything else, the takoyaki were by far the best one I have tried: light and you could actually taste the octopus, and the pickled vegetables were really very good. Oh and I think they feed pork to their chicken, because I cannot explain otherwise how they can get such flavor from their chicken wings! And the mochi ice cream is super special. Not a fan of matcha flavor (but my BF is), but this comes actually wrapped in mochi.Beer was excellent. They have Asahi on tap and it is light and bitter exactly how I like it. I could drink gallons of that. They also have your usual Sapporo and Kirin Ichiban and a ginger infused Hitachino which is very interesting and very good. The list of sake and coktails also seemed very interesting.Service is good, prompt and attentive. I will be back for sure. Maybe for lunch...
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,2/19/2012,19,78,5,3,4>Dear MyBurger,I'm not sure what you put in your burgers, but based on how addictive they are I'm guessing crack or something else in the methamphetamine-family. The bun is always just a little toasted and the idea of throwing on bacon or caramelized onion is just gratuitous - although maybe that's how you want to roll. The fries are tender and nicely browned; I usually leave the fries in the bottom of the basket but yours are so good that I make a point to come hungry and eat every last one of them. The feeling I'm left with falls somewhere between shame and unapologetically satiated.MyBurger, luckily for my waistline, it's too cold to go to you for lunch everyday since I work across the parking lot from you. Come spring, this could get to be a real liability.I love you and am so glad you're no longer a figment of my husband's imagination in the Skyway. :)xoxo,ES
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,2/18/2012,28,70,4,2,2>It's probably a good thing that Cocoa & Fig is such a pain in the ass to get to because if it wasn't stuck right in downtown, it would be far too easy to justify their adorable desserts every time I have a bad day. Thank you location for sparing me from a potential comfort-eating habit. My skyway knowledge is slim to none but their tiny shop is located in a building directly off of Nicollet Mall. Hah real specific, right? But if you should find yourself wandering around that area it's worth a self-indulgent side trip. I tried a couple of their cupcakes last year and I remember the salted caramel one being a standout. Yesterday's trip resulted in two macarons, a peanut butter sandwich cookie, and a cake pop. It was split between two people...but I'll be honest, definitely could've eaten all of those if i'd HAD to. The sandwich cookie was sooo melt in your mouth. Love. The hazelnut and sea salt caramel macarons were less airy than I would've expected (try Patisserie 46 for these!!) but still hit the spot. More of a salt kick on the latter would be a plus. The black velvet cake pop was tiny but moist and...well, I'll put it like this. After my boyfriend tried a bite and it dropped onto the sidewalk on Nicollet freakin' Mall I picked it up and ate it anyway. Not one of my finer moments but it was too good to waste. Something about a 5 second rule??The shop itself is cute and bright and the lady working there was sweet.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/17/2012,186,185,1,9,7>It's tough these days. We've lived here over three years and Mrs. G has tried a ton of restaurants during our time here. The pressure was on to find a new spot that she would love. On top of that, it was her birthday.I chose Piccolo for obvious reasons except one. Why hadn't we come here before? Because Piccolo exceeded all expectations.We arrived at 7 PM. I was a little worried we were lost but we found out quickly that this place was small, very small and tucked in a small corner spot across from a hair hotel (yea..I don't know what that is either).The atmosphere is really cozy. Warm wooden tables and chairs with easy listening music in the background. What I loved was everyone was talking about the food, the expressions were positive, and the waitstaff had a nice connection with folks.After being seated, we asked for a recco on wine and were recommended a nice, very reasonable reisling given Mrs. G's palette. It was perfect.Now I've heard the plates were small here and we were starving. So we ended up ordering 8 plates.- Foie gras torchon with smoked cipollini onions, escargot, jalapeño peppers and chervil: The components were all very tasty here, although the torchon tasted like butter, which might have been the intent. A nice starter.- Porcini flavored pasta with veal tongue, sage and pine needle brown butter: Although the tongue wasn't as present, the porcini pasta was a fantastic bite, nice depth in flavor and the right amount.- Scrambled brown eggs with pickled pig's feet, truffle butter and Parmigiano: Our favorite of the night. The eggs were airy, the truffle butter was incredible, and the parmigiano was the perfect complement.- Prosciutto wrapped shrimp with king trumpet mushrooms, chicken liver mousse and sunchokes: This was a good, not great dish. I enjoyed the chicken liver mousse the most but the shrimp tasted dim sum like. I could appreciate the mushrooms, although simple in design.- Charcoal grilled octopus "shawarma" with yogurt, pickled green tomatoes, white asparagus and garlic purée: We took a risk on this one but it was fantastic. Octopus is chewy when done wrong but the shawarma took the offensiveness out of the dish. I also really loved the white asparagus preparation, almost felt it was done sous vide.- Berkshire pork shortribs with chestnuts, porcini mushrooms, apple butter and parsley root purée: A dish you can't really miss on, the short ribs were slowcooked and falling apart. Fairly salty but the parsley puree balanced it out.- Moulard duck with acorn squash, gruyère cheese and quince paste: An average dish in my mind, the duck breast was well cooked but wasn't intensely flavorful.- Braised lamb neck with morcilla, puffed rice, cauliflower and compressed celery: A lovely dish, with many components that sang well together.Here's where Piccolo earned a sixth star if I had one. With Mrs. G's birthday mentioned, they brought out a nice chocolate cake as a celebration and the entire staff wrote a thank you card and signed it. It was a tremendously personal touch I've seen no where else in the twin cities so far. Doug Flicker's kitchen and staff really made her night.As a result, I hope you take this review to heart. Come for the great service, appreciate the technique involved, and value comes when tasting many dishes.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/16/2012,56,105,13,6,5>Damn you Chimborazo. Damn you. You played me, you made me want you on the daily and yet, you live in NE. How dare you be located at the exact opposite end of Mpls from me.You're filled with those lovely llapingachos, the perfectly cooked rice with the fried egg on top and, my new passion, that spicy peanut sauce. Oh, be still my my heart. You taunt me by offering happy hour until 7, and even brunch on the weekends. How can a girl resist?I'll see you tomorrow Chimborazo, you dirty little flirt.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/15/2012,97,67,7,5,7>Fish and chips done right. Nuff said, but I'll gladly say more!This place is a catch and worth every penny spent. I love coming here with friends as the atmosphere is warm, cozy, and the waitstaff is super friendly.The portions are huge, thank God I was on land for this meal. The food coma this place induced would've for sure meant falling asleep at the healm and capsizing the ship. If you get the fish and chips (as you bloody well should), you must get the homemade tartar sauce. You'll be hooked. Friends who hate tartar sauce generally, love the sauce at Anchor. Bet your booty, this is one of my favorite spots.Anchor, there's a million fish in the sea. I hope you catch and fry them all.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,2/14/2012,75,130,,3,2>I recently discovered Meritage for my birthday celebration and was blown away. This place made the Top-3 Justine foodie list for sure! The ambiance was nice: hip, huge windows to overlook the Landmark/Rice park area, casual enough to go to the bar but fancy enough where you can go dressed up pre-orchestral event. I went on Superbowl Sunday, and it was all blue-haired people, but hey... First, the wait staff was amazing. Our waiter brought out a complimentary sparkling wine for my birthday and won instant kudos with that. Next, the manager (or owner?) brought out a sample appetizer - macaroon cookies filled with foie gras. Crazy sweet mixed with buttery fatty liver. Yum (but unique tasting). The bread was meh, but this later turned out to be a blessing as I was so gluttonously full by the end, I'm glad I skipped the bread! I splurged on the 5 course menu: first, the MUST have lobster salad. The presentation was amazing. The citrus combination with lobster and avocado was to die for. And last, how can you not love it when it's loaded with lobster chunks?Second, the pompano fish special topped the first course. This fish is rarely sold in stores or on the menu, and is also a MUST have. This SE coastal fish is so buttery and flaky, it's like a miniature halibut in a perch body. YUM! Delightful presentation, and melt in your mouth good. Outer banks fisherman fight for this delicious fish! Try it while it's on the menu.The remaining courses (duck entree; a cheese platter so large it's overwhelming; and dessert) were great. Overall, loved the whole experience and am looking forward to going back.Next visit? Hanging at the bar, eating some oysters, and splurging on the lobster salad. Two thumbs up. Well done, Meritage!
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,2/13/2012,41,95,3,6,2>I've realized that I'm more picky about which places I award 5 stars, but I think my general qualifications are: if I'm still dreaming about the place several days later, it deserves a 5. There was a rhubarb oolong a few weeks ago that . . . oh. . . it was THAT good.And the Teasource is it. I am so fortunate it is across the parking lot from my son's preschool because Teasource is one of the things that makes me smile when I wake up on preschool days. They have several teas ready-brewed. I've never actually ordered anything but what they have ready to go, despite my weakness for chai. Reasonably priced, with a display of honey sticks and fresh pastries (I can't remember what bakery they come from, but the strawberry scones are a particular weakness of mine). They seem very connected with the tea community, too. Advertisements for upcoming tea ceremonies and tea events make me finally not feel left out of the (nasty) coffee community which has had its grip on the hot beverage world for too long. I'm embarrassed to admit I actually thought about forcing myself to drink coffee because there just wasn't a spot for tea drinkers. Thank you Teasource for preventing such a drastic measure.Oh, and the bathroom has great tiles and tons to read. These details are important when you have toddlers with very small bladders.___________*tea tip: bite off the end of a honey stick and pop it in to the sipping hole of the cup lid. By the time the honey is infused in the tea, it is cool enough to drink.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/7/2008,90,194,3,9,6>This is probably my favorite place to eat in the whole world.  However, I wish it was more affordable so I could afford to go more than about once a year for a special occasion!  My favorite parts of the meal are the cheese with the bread to dip, the salad with the house dressing, and the dessert!  I could actually do without the main course!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,10/6/2008,5,10,6,7,6>Perfect little cafe for breakfast to cure a hangover. Probably going to see some of the regulars at the dive bar you went to last night, so that's welcoming. Pretty decent portions for a hungry fella, coffee fresh off the hot plate to get you going! all at a really good price! Super cheap!
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,10/5/2008,89,97,8,7,7>Oh Mayslacks, how I hate you so.   Actually I don't hate all of you, just the part of you that's open past supper time.  I find it a bit pretentious which is hard to do it the dirty nordeast.  Some the wait staff seems to think their shit doesn't stink and that just doesn't fly in the NE hood.  They also have a lot of live shows there which means there is quite often a cover.  Problem is, a lot of those live shows are shitty.  However, after going and doing something so stupid, they went and created The Original and TOTALLY redeemed themselves!  This roast beef masterpiece makes my me feel kinda funny, like when I used to climb the rope in gym class.  It's about a lb. of roast beef simmered in beefy juicy goodness for hours and hours and it's loaded with garlic.  Get it with a side of tots and you've got yourself seven meals (or one if you're a little piggy like me.)
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,10/4/2008,123,249,3,4,3>I must give a shout out to the salon I've been trusting with my hair for 5+ years.  I go to the Plymouth location since that's my hood!  I am loyal to one stylist but have seen five since I discovered the place.  I've never gotten a bad haircut there (knock on wood)!  The stylist I'm loyal to not only does great things to hair, but she has never canceled or made me wait for too long upon my arrival.  After you join their "e-rewards" program, you get $2 off your bill for pre-booking your next appt. during each visit.  BUT you have to be very vocal about it when they ring you up or they will "forget" and they sure as heck don't remind you.  Just an FYI!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2008,10/3/2008,29,9,11,12,9>The obligatory ID check catches you offguard at the door. You know... by the guy in the stool who is mildly distracted in conversation by a group of people who try to size you up, sitting in the booth. You meet your friends in the big red booth on the side. Order two pitchers of beer. Watch the people try to squeeze through unfriendly looking brutes between the two pool tables as they impatiently wait for them to pass. You sort of feel like a king of some kind. Going to the bathroom seems to be the highlight here. You have to make your way through both a crowd onlooking the pool tables, darts being thrown directly in your path, and the hipster at the jukebox. When your pitchers arrive are suddenly asked if you are paying cash. You say yes, and why? Who knows.. A mysterious analog telephone rings in the distance and is answered by an average-sized-might-be-a-pedophile-or-some-kind-­of-mail-order-bride-orderer? Eitherway, he won't like it if you can't remember if they had that kind of vodka you usually get but they don't ever carry it, oops you always forget, make it rail. Your two glasses finish quickly, oddly, almost too quickly. Hmm. You go for a cigarette on the patio and take note of the no alcohol outside after 1 a.m. rule thing on the door. Alluvasudden you feel like everyone is looking at your till you turn around to see hockey on the tele right above your head. Maybe it was the beer that made you feel taller since you felt you had to drink it faster than the rest. Its pretty diverse out here. More than you thought it would. Maybe they're here for the game, who knows? The beer is gone again. And so are the pitchers. Your friends say they ordered more. You're distracted by a man whose only company is a beer and his imagination. He's brooding. Occasionally catching your glance. Finishing your two more glasses you pay the lady off. Your departure is not an epic one. You leave without grace or kindness. You've survived. And it was fantastic.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,10/2/2008,126,381,4,12,6>Ok forget about Schwoomp or any of those over-priced fancy pants soap shops that think installing wood flooring and sprinkling sawdust around means they can charge $10 for a bath bomb.Rituals sells home-made soaps and beauty products that are seriously SERIOUSLY amazing. This is the most amazing soap shop in the twin cities and it's for two obvious reasons:SUDS: The bar soaps are the suds-y-est soaps I have ever used in my whole entire life. What I mean is that they have so much lather that they last forever and you always feel extra-clean. No re-soaping your loofah halfway through the shower. I dont know how else to explain how important suds-y-ness is, but I didnt know it was that big of a deal until I got addicted to these soaps. I was actually impressed with the amount of bubbles and suds that were flowing off these bars. Regular sized bars are $5 and gigantic bars are $9.They all go on sale 2-for-1 every month or so--watch for the sale tables to come out before you go too crazy and buy up the whole store. SMELLS: The soaps have the most delicious scents I have ever experienced. They aren't the chemically artificial and overpowering smells like at Bath & Body Works. It is more subtle and you can choose from earthy scents to more fruity and flowery options. My favorites are cherry almond, honey almond, and pink sugar. They just have this sweet/nutty aroma that make me feel really clean and awake. Also, if you are on a "save the planet"  kick like everybody else and their mom, you will be glad to know these soaps use all-natural ingredients made from the owner's very own home garden. All the colors are naturally added using food and plant ingredients and even the exfoliating soaps are made with natural materials like oatmeal and sugar. I thought I was done but then I remembered they have great face bars that are sensitive for the skin on your face and smell so refreshing it is enough to wash the sleepy away. Sweet, soft, wonderful, sudsy SOAP!
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,10/1/2008,19,128,,11,7>Super Foods is owned by the folks that own Shuang Hur.  It's in a building off the beaten track on Pierce Butler Route near Dale St. in St. Paul.As with the other Shuang Hur markets, the store is well lit, organized, and well put together.  It uses warehouse racks for most of its goods, which is unusual, but it gets the job done.  They also have a small fresh seafood section, but no roasted meat.The inventory is much the same as the other stores as is the cost.  They advertise wholesale prices in big letters on the street, but the prices are the same.  The nice thing is that it's not as busy because of its location.  The couple of times I've been here, it's been pretty empty.So next time we need something from Shuang Hur, we'll probably come here instead to avoid the crowds.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2008,9/30/2008,35,95,4,3,3>This is difficult to review because, well, it's a MALL. I really wanted to give it 2.5 stars.You've been to a mall. You've probably been to many malls. Heck, maybe you've even been to a big mall. Well, this is the grand-daddy of them all. Three floors of stores (many of them twice), kiosks of stuff (e.g., Crocs, As-Seen-On-TV crap), restaurants, a movie theatre, amusement rides...you get the idea.But at the end of the day it's still just a mall, people. If you are a crazed shopper, want to knock out your Xmas shopping in one day, or are looking for a hard to find item or store, this could be your place. If you have a little kid who wants to go on some rides and it's raining, head to the MoA. Out of town guests? They'll likely want to go to the mall. It can be annoyingly busy (stay away on weekends) and exhausting, or a hoot for people watching. In general, though, it's easier to head to your local mall. Unless, of course, you want to shop at Nordstrom's which is the best thing about the MoA in my opinion.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/29/2008,84,289,5,7,7>Drinking in the park.As far as I'm concerned, it's a civil liberty. I live in a wonderful city with a fantastic park system and a limited grilling season. I need a spatula in one hand and a cold one in the other, and I need it every moment the sun is bright and the trees are green.The city of Minneapolis and their quota filling Park Police disagree.However, there is one oasis in the Minneapolis Park system: Sea Salt in Minnehaha Park.After a long, long walk and running my dog mad in the dog park, I sat outside with a pitcher of Surly on a gorgeous day. It was heaven.And then the food arrived.I don't mind hanging up my spatula, not when seafood this good can be provided to me. The West Coast osyters were freaking huge! I ordered a dozen, and almost regretted it. They were almost the size of my hands, oh, but I enjoyed them. Somehow, I had room left for my softshell crab sandwich. Heavenly. Absolutely heavenly. Tried a bite of my girlfriend's shrimp po' boy, and was impressed with how fresh the shrimp tasted. They were fried, but they weren't buried in batter and tasteless; the shrimp really came through.The folks behind Sea Salt know their seafood, they are alumni and customers of Coastal Seafood. This ain't no fritter and fish taco stand, you are getting the real deal and done damn well.Unfortunately, as others have noted, the secret is out. Stay away at normal meal times. Though it's not really their fault, I was going to deduct a star for the long waits (darn, more Surly and sunshine time!), but one bite of that softshell crab sandwich just erased any complaint from my mind. Unfathomably good. I am not even kidding. I'm afraid the next time I go Sea Salt, I won't be able to order anything else.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,9/28/2008,13,116,,4,4>for some reason, we only seem to come here when the weather is awful.   but india palace has us quickly forgetting about the fact that it's crazy cold outside.the building outside is awful, it looks like it was once mr. steak or a country kitchen-ish kind of place.  but don't let that put you off. portions are generous, the food is damn tasty and the naan is awesome.i have a fascination w/tandoori food and the tandoori chicken here is awesome.  the dal and curried chicken are delicious.  but allow me to wax poetic on the samosas for a moment.   crunchy/flaky on the outside, pure pea goodness on the inside.  awesome.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/9/2009,63,166,9,14,7>I went to Macalester because I was a school snob.  I mean, if I had to stay in MN, I was at least going to a "good" school and there was no way I was going to the U of MN.  The campus was pretty and they gave me a ton of $$ so Macalester beat out the other private, liberal arts schools in the Twin Cities.  The school itself was nice, my profs were great, but the student body sucked.  They were all trying to be different, but didn't seem to realize that they were conforming to the Mac culture by being different.  My orientation group leader was a guy who liked to wear skirts, there was a practicing witch in my group, and I'm pretty sure I was the only girl in the orientation group who shaved her legs.  Pretty much all the students are from middle-upper class families, regardless of their country of origin.  A student body that consists of students from the same socioeconomic status is really not diverse.  That being said, the majority of the students were very nice.  There were lots of opportunities that I wouldn't have had as a freshman or sophomore at the U (Macalester owned some sort of a reserve that I got to visit often and conduct experiments on for one of my ecology classes).  However, I realized this wasn't the place for me when, in my second year, I heard a student asking a prof for an extension on a paper because he was depressed.  I transferred to the U of MN and was much happier.  I miss the beautiful campus, the guy who played bagpipes all the time, the great shops and restaurants around Grand Ave., and FREE parking for students.  Very nice school, great facilities, just not for me.  I only wish they would stop sending me requests for money and reunion notices.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,5/8/2009,84,289,14,20,17>Some establishments require a certain ideological alignment to appreciate. Hard Times Cafe is the poster boy of this category.If you are not a punk, militant leftist or outright anarchist, or don't generally appreciate the trappings of those leanings, the Hard Times Cafe may not suit you.The clientle can be a little sketchy (although I have never been hassled), the staff can be a little aloof (I wouldn't say they had ever crossed over into "rude"), the environment a little run down (I call it "comfortable"). Problematic If you were taking your first doe like steps outside of your suburban cocoon, but not as dire as some seem to think. I seem to enjoy it FOR these qualities, but then I've long suspected I'm wired a little different than a lot of folks.The food is of the vegetarian/organic leanings, and not the upscale sort. I'm never impressed, nor am I deterred. The coffee suits me well, not that I'm much of a coffee snob. The music is often loud and antisocial, which also suits me well (and bizarrely enough, does help me study).I would hope by the end of a review, I at least understand what I like about a place. This time that eludes me. I just know sometimes I need  to go to the Hard Times Cafe. Nothing else can scratch that particular itch.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,5/7/2009,114,242,4,11,6>This place was recommended to me by another Yelper (thanks Sarah) and we finally went.  We decided to try the buffet and it was very good.  There are not many places that have goat (yes I said goat) on a buffet.  I like goat and was excited to try it along with all the other standard Indian buffet fare.  The goat was tender and could have been a little more spicy (but that is my preference) but overall I was pleased.   My other half was with me and he really enjoyed the food and the decor.  We are definitely going back.(If you have never tried goat .... it tastes like lamb but leaner)
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,5/6/2009,2,33,2,4,3>As advertised, Black Sheep Coal Fired Pizza is not your run of the mill pizza place- first and foremost, the coal fired pizza is different (great thin and crispy crust, good selection of toppings) and the ambience is upbeat. Best pizza I've had in Minneapolis, although Red Savoy in St. Paul still ranks no. 1.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,5/5/2009,13,116,6,3,4>this place kicks ass.  it's so clearly not good for you but in the dog days of summer, the entire 'hood's down here and we're all angling for our scoop of heat relief.  creamy, creamy, sweet heat relief.if you don't like this place, you must be a terrorist.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,5/4/2009,18,45,,25,6>For a birthday gift this year, I was given something I've wanted for many years: professional cello lessons.  As a result, I found myself quickly and unexpectedly thrown into the world of cellos.  I knew I wanted to rent before I bought and...that was about it.  My last music class was in sixth grade.  I'm not working with much.Oh, and I knew I needed a bow to play the cello with.  And probably a bag or something.I started out at Groth and Schmidt, both of which I immediately disliked.  Groth forced me to fill out more forms and more personal information than most leases I've ever seen, then told me that it turned out they were out of cellos.  Schmidt had exactly one cello available for adults to rent, which by the clerk's own admission was really expensive and not a great idea for a beginner.  Thoroughly disillusioned, I asked my new cello teacher for a few local places that rented string instruments.Quinn Violins was pretty much exactly what I needed.  They offer all manner of string instruments, starting from really simple (and really cheap) beginner's instruments to professional-level stuff, both for rent and for sale.  Especially for people learning an instrument, the terms are extremely generous.  Purchased instruments can be traded in for between 80-100% of their value toward another instrument.  For rented ones, the monthly rental rates are very affordable ($15-$75 a month, depending on the instrument and quality) and designed as a rent-to-buy arrangement.  The vast majority of each month's payment is a payment on the instrument; you can either keep renting until you own it, or use that credit toward purchasing a different instrument.Chris, the owner, is friendly and very knowledgeable.  He was as helpful toward me, the clueless rube, as he was to the nine year old violinist (with a very violin-savvy mother) who came in before me.  He even let me borrow the instrument for free for a week just to see how it worked out and what my teacher thought of it.This was exactly how I wanted renting an instrument to be, and the beginning of a beautiful relationship.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,5/3/2009,8,19,2,4,3>Tried this for the first time last night -- will be heading back for more! The place is buried in the armpit of the arm-pittiest strip mall in plymouth -- but it's worth weaving your way through the parking lot to the back corner. The restaurant was clean & nice but no one was eating there.... Seems like they do some solid take-out business. Parking lot was full of people headed in and out but the restaurant was empty at 6:30 on this Tuesday night. Guy on the phone was friendly --- & service seemed a-ok.Now to the good part! I ordered the red curry (with chicken) and it was delicious. It was nice-warm-spicy but not way too spicy for me -- Could have even been hotter. If you love Thai spice -- prob. order it hotter than it comes. Maybe they could sense my MN whiteness on the phone and dialed it down for me on purpose... !! ha!I thought it was great. Veggies were fresh & the chicken practically melts in your mouth. Curry = YUM.Can't wait to try more of their menu.Stiff competition for Asian takeout in my corner of the world & this place is a big contender. DELICIOUS.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,5/2/2009,122,69,3,9,6>Zelo, for me, was one of those restaurants that I always heard raves about, but nobody could ever really articulate just what it was about the place they loved so much. I finally visited on a Tuesday evening, and was very pleasantly surprised. The restaurant itself was busy, but not overly busy, everyone there was youngish, attractive, and appeared to be having a great time. My dining companion and I shared the Ahi Spring Rolls as an appetizer, they were phenomenal. Crispy spring roll crust, very light and not greasy in the least. The ahi inside managed to stay quite rare; the rolls looked like something you might find on an omakase request at a sushi bar. Wonderful. We shared the Caesar salad, good, but nothing to rave about. For dinner, we shared the evening special, sea bass encrusted in a five spice combination. Excellent. Portions were on the large side, and our waitstaff knew just when to stop by and when to pass. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a solid, delicious meal from a truly varied menu.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,5/1/2009,1,8,3,9,7>As a celebration for my being laid off my job (I'm only half joking) a couple weeks ago, my mom and I went finally went to Emily's Lebanese Deli. I say finally because my grandma lives literally half a block from this place and I have past it hundreds times, always saying "We ought to go there sometime..." Sometime finally came, and we arrived at Emily's immediately after work around 5pm and there were 3 tables filled, which considering the size, was a pretty good amount of patrons. We just grabbed a table without waiting for the server. I wanted to try so many things so we started with baba ganoush for an appetizer. The baba ganoush came out with pita and tabouli that comes along with entrees. I tried a little bit of both, and really enjoyed them both and started wolfing them down with complete abandon, despite a large entree coming soon. Haha. The baba ganoush is a bit creamy (as in it's a bit gritty), and much tangy. I did taste garlic and lemon for sure. The tabouli is also tangy and very acidy. It's bright and works well with the baba ganoush which is a bit more earthy. Maybe I'm not supposed to put them together on the same bit of pita, but I totally did. And it was perfect haha. I ordered a combo platter for my entree since I wanted to try a variety. The combo came with a meat pie, stuffed cabbage, stuffed grape leaves, stuffed zuiccini and a choice of raw or baked kibbi. Being the newb I was I had to choose baked kibbi. The stuffed cabbage and stuffed grape leaves seemed to have same filling but the wrapper makes a big taste difference. The cabbage is very acrid and was hard to eat for me, but the filling is so yummy! I prefered the grape leaves as they were a more subtle vehicle for the filling. The meat pie does have a sweet crust, and a bit dry filling, but it works well together. A salty crust would just drown out the mildy sour beef and lamb filling. The kibbi is just perfect, the ground beef was expertly seasoned and cooked. It has the taste of home cooking, I could eat it for a week! At this point I was so full, I couldn't shove in the zuccini. My mom ordered the lamb kabob and let me have a try. The lamb meat is so tender, the flavor is bold but not overpowering and it was dripping with juice. It's a very pure tasting meat, very succulent. The garlic and butter they smear on it while cooking really brings out the natural flavor of the meat. The kabob comes with rice, and that rice goes hand in hand with the lamb. There is a light flavoring to it, but not enough to take the attention away from the meat. Of course we finished with baklava. This is by far the best baklava I've ever had! Admittedly I haven't had much, but my mom who is a baklava fan confirmed this exclamation. (I shouted that out after the first bite haha) It in no way tastes store made. The phyllo was so crispy all the way through, but it was just envolped in lovely sweet honey. The serving size is small, and you are so sure it won't satisfy, but by the time you finish the sweetness fills you up right. The waitress was so kind, and patient. She is the prefect type of waitress for a small place like Emily's, she made us feel welcome. If it's your first time there don't be afraid to grab any table that suits your fancy, as the waitress will direct you to choose yourself anyhow. I'll be visiting my grandma this weekend and you can be sure I will be at Emily's, picking up some great Lebanese food and trying some more adventurous choices.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,4/30/2009,183,586,7,8,8>A sister space to Cafe Maude, The Armitage Room shares its time between hosting private parties and open to the public as a wine bar with small plates on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights (assuming no private events - check the calendar on thearmatageroom.com).The interior is really spectacular. Decor is rustic Mediterranean, and immediately upon stepping inside, what hit me was how incredibly comfortable and inviting this place is. Dim lighting, a few chocolate brown banquettes, adorable hip-level coat  hooks. The warm glow from the kitchen sets everything off really nicely. This is a perfect spot for an intimate reception, of probably no more than 40-50 people.The sampling of small bites I had were tasty and inspired, not the typical tartare on a crouton fare you see so often. Lamb kabobs and pea (?) soup were standouts. There was also a little something-filled shell that looked like a tortilla but was actually made entirely of crispy cheese. Awesome! I I wish I could remember the name of the red they served so I can get six bottles immediately. Accordion virtuoso Patrick Harrison has a standing gig on Thursday nights. He adds a cool Old World vibe that I really dug. I can't say the locale is convenient for me personally, but I don't mind leaving my little downtown universe for a place this good.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2008,7/30/2009,128,296,11,11,11>I judge books by their covers and for this reason, feel obligated to mention that there are several things that can and will immediately pique my interest based solely on a key word.  For example:  Pizza.  Yarn Store.  Merino Wool.  Hand Painted Yarn.  Cabana Boy.  Vampire Novels (I know, I know and I look so wholesome and everything).  But mention any of these words and most assuredly, you will have my undivided attention.  And so it goes with a restaurant called Black  Sheep Coal Fired Pizza.  I was halfway sold before I even walked in the door because pizza + black sheep = a good time in my book.  Located in the warehouse district, the restaurant fits in well with its surroundings.  They're in a garden level space with poured cement flours and exposed pipes.  In other words, perfect for the Warehouse District.  The kitchen is open to the front half of the restaurant and prominently features that m-a-s-s-i-v-e coal-fired oven where all the magic happens.  My husband and I split the oven roasted vegetables and DAMN, they were UH-mazing!  Get them!  Order this app and you'll get zucchini sprinkled with parmesan, onions with blue cheese, tomatoes with melted feta and button mushrooms and peppers drizzled with olive oil.  I was especially taken with the tomatoes and melted feta and am feeling inspired to fire up my broiler and attempt to recreate it at home.We also ordered a 12-inch pizza each, because like Val B., he and I have never agreed on pizza toppings, probably never will and have a hard time compromising on something so important as pizza.  He experimented with the oyster mushroom, smoked mozzarella and rosemary pizza while I opted for the more classic pepperoni with cheese.  I tried both but thought my pepperoni was far superior.  But then again, I'm a meatzza girl and with the exception of spinach (which they didn't offer as a topping) I don't like veggies on pizza, so you'll have to take what I say with a grain of salt.  The pepperonis were Large and In Charge and the ratio of pizza surface area to pepperoni coverage was perfection.  Husband's pizza probably could have improved with an extra 60 seconds in the oven because the rosemary was a little overpowering, which can happen with undercooked rosemary, and his crust wasn't as charcoaly as it could have been, but mine was cooked just the way I like it.  The pepperonis were crisp on the edges.  The crust was both chewy AND crispy.  And the extra charcoal flavor enhanced the flavors of the pepperoni and red sauce.  Lastly, kudos to Keith S. and David K. for sharing their carafe of house red with the table.  I've got years to go before I turn into a full blown wine snob and while I'll drink just about anything these days except white zin or Franzia, I do have some fairly strong likes and dislikes where wine is concerned and the house blend appealed quite strongly to several of my likes: I like reds, it had a unique flavor, it wasn't too sweet and it had some bite without being overpowering.  I'd definitely go back and warmly welcome Black Sheep to the MSP Pizza Scene!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,7/29/2009,89,97,10,8,8>I've been here now on several occasions but oddly I've always been at about a .2 when I walk through the doors. It's a nice little bar and it definitely has a towny north woods kinda feel to it. It's a cash only bar so bring some cabbage or prepare to take it in the rear with ATM fees at the machine on the premises. So I learned a few things the evening I was at the Knight Cap: 1. Don't drink Summit EPA exclusively for seven straight hours. (this was a lesson learned spanning several bars) This will lead to a King Kong size headache in the morning. 2. It's a great place to hone your social skills with the women since it's not a real trendy busy place. ( A guy watches a few episodes of The Pick Up Artist and he suddenly think he's God's gift to women). Anyway, I digress. Check the place out if you're doing the Nord East two step and want to try something new.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,7/28/2009,949,964,6,7,5>Same family with a few differences. The guacamole is better. The beef tacos have a different kind of beef, not the ground that I like, but more shredded. Lots of it, just a personal preference. We both got the burritos Mexicanos, like at Garibaldi's. Same delicious cheese sauce and the steak was even more tender. An appetizer I got was nachos with chorizo and beans. Reviewers and others complain about how mild the food is. Just throw in a chorizo, that will pacify you. Always generous with the chips and salsa and white sauce. Those are both a different consistency, than the other places. Roque (Rocky) was my waiter and very attentive. It's nice that we don't have to shlep all the way out to Oakdale for our Mexican fix. This is the old Awada's building. It may not be the heart of St. Paul, just a little out of the way. It's worth it, as the building is huge and very bright, nicely decorated, and ample parking. I have been here 3 times and had no problem with the service. But, like all the others a lot of the staff speak little English. One tip, if you can get to the Lafayette bridge onto Plato, you can avoid going through the city. I didn't believe it until I saw it for myself. From now on taco's El Loro, the rest El Toro.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,7/27/2009,129,109,13,5,6>Perhaps I may not have the best position in which to review -- I've only been here once, and it was last year around this time. We students in our graduate program decided to take our incoming recruits here after getting thoroughly tanked on "pub row" down Nicollet. I don't know why we decided to come here. But it was great! Cover was really cheap and the DJ did a great job. It has a great upbeat unpretentious atmosphere on the dance floor, although it seemed like there was a different ambiance and crowd in each of the different rooms. It was fairly busy and we lost of of our group members (although our ability to pay attention was at a ... diminished capacity), including some of the recruits. Which must mean that the drinks were good. As a caveat, I would never use the restrooms here. Just sayin'.It was fantastic to go dance and not be hit on by creepers that walk up in the dark and hump a girl's leg. Really great. It was also fantastic to watch our very straight guy friends get free drinks from some of the fahhhbulous boys around the bar. I did, however, see the hottest guy I've ever laid eyes on to this very day. He had the most whoopass mohawk (real deal) and worked the bar next to coat check. I'd like to drag the incoming students there again this year just in the hope that he still works there and would be working the bar that night. Really, the most beautiful piece of man in the history of the world*.*May or may not have been influenced by copious amounts of beer and liquor. But seriously, I'd hit that, regardless of sexual preference.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,7/26/2009,114,242,1,6,5>Where can you find good food and a place that can handle a 2 year old?  Broder's.   Friends from out East are in town visiting family so we decided to meet up and have dinner.  One caveat .... their 2 year old.   From reviews I saw on Yelp and typing "kid friendly" Broder's was one of the places to pop up.   I have been dying to try this place and took the opportunity.  We didn't make reservations.  Hey it was Monday night how busy can it be?  Well our friends were told a 30 min wait.   We were able to sit outside and have a few appetizers.  I think the wait was more like 15 mins which was awesome.  The service was amazing and the food was incredible.  I had the pasta with lamb and eggplant ragu and goats cheese.   The flavors danced in my mouth.  I even finished the entire bowl.  My other half had the daily pasta.  The rapini was tender and not bitter.  I was also impressed with the kids meal.  Pizza looked amazing and to top it off he got ICE CREAM.   What kid wouldn't love that?We did find out at the end there is no changing table in the Ladies Room but not having kids I didn't think about this detail.   Overall I would go back again and again. Just make sure I have a reservation.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,7/25/2009,84,289,1,12,9>Sibley Bike Depot is a nonprofit bike shop. They fix up old bikes and donate them to other charities, and sell some, too. They have classes on bike repairs, and some really great community programs. For example, local kids can sign up to earn a bike through volunteering. So they learn how to work on bikes, help the shop and earn a bike of their own in the process. How awesome is that?They also have an open shop. You walk in off the street and work on your bike, no charge. Don't know how, ask one of the mechanics and they'll teach you. Want to pay them to fix it for you? Too bad. "Teach a man to fish . . ." seems to be the motto.They do not have new bikes, strictly used and usually pretty old ones at that (70s or earlier). If you're in the market for a vintage cruiser (townie) bike, I would definitely hit this place up. Prices are good, I was seeing prices between $75-$175.The place can be a little chaotic, and few people there have a customer service mindset. Not that anyone is rude, just that you may have an awkward couple minutes if you expect someone to notice you and ask you if you need help. Know what you're getting into, this place is 100% granola munching anarchy.I love the place because a couple of the staff members are aficionados of 3 speed bicycles, and I don't know of anywhere else on EARTH where you can buy the parts for them. Okay, I take that back, I'm sure there are shops in England that still stock and deal with 3 speeds. Chances are when I come here, its to get parts for my almost completed 3 speed conversion. I have bored so many people talking about this project, but the guy at Sibley who helped me just lit up. It was nice to finally talk to someone whose eyes didn't glaze over when I talked about it.So all this would have been great by itself, but then I started chatting trailers with a guy. I was trying to buy some wheels because I had these plans off the internet to build a trailer. I've wanted one since last year so I could get rid of a few more car errands (bigger grocery store runs, dog park), but they are hella expensive. So I found these plans to build your own for $30 in parts. I was looking for the wheels.He then points to a trailer they just got in (a donation). It's a Cannondale, in perfectly good shape. It's so new they haven't even priced it yet. How much, I ask, more out of curiosity. The guy isn't sure, he asks another guy. "I dunno, $25?"$25.That was less than I was going to spend on parts to BUILD MY OWN. I'm pretty damn sure I could have posted the thing on Craigslist and sold it for three times as much. Easily, and probably even twice that. I saw someone sell a broken one for $30. He didn't even have it online, it was just locked up on 26th Ave, meaning someone had to walk by and see the sign. It sold in less than a week.$25.These things cost HUNDREDS of dollars. I was going to have to learn how to BRAZE WELD to BUILD IT MYSELF and pay at least $5 MORE.Needless to say, I bought it.I even feel a little bad about it, seeing as they're a nonprofit. But hot damn, what a deal.Summary:Great place if you're looking buy an old cruiser bike.Great place if you're looking to buy a cheap bike.Open shop, with people to help and classes to learn more.Nonprofit, community involved charity.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2009,7/24/2009,21,128,1,8,3>I took my boyfriend here for his birthday because he loves meat. The beef comes from a local rancher, which is why I picked it since I don't eat meat mainly due to the economical aspect. The inside was cute and crowded. It was a bit loud. I was really pleased with our waiter, I had called ahead and asked for a suprise birthday dessert and they did a great job. The walleye fritters were devine and my boyfriend enjoyed his steak. It is a little pricey and there is a flat rate for the steak and extra for any sauce.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,7/23/2009,18,45,4,7,7>I moved about a block away from Alma a few years ago, yet it still took me an amazingly long time to give this place a shot.  It is, admittedly, a very unassuming restaurant in a very unexpected place.  Even today, people doubt me when I tell them there's a lovely restaurant over on 6th and University.  "Really?  What is it by?" they ask skeptically."Uhh...not a whole lot." I reply.Trust me: it is there and it is tasty.  The menu is amazingly simple: four starters, four middle sources, and four main courses.  The emphasis is on local ingredients and seasonal flavors, with the menu rotating every two months or so depending on what's available and fresh.  It is a nice touch on their part, and the freshness of the ingredients is evident in the quality of their food.Prices are a bit on the higher side, with starters and middle courses around $8-$15 and mains around $25-$30.  A three-course tasting menu for $45 lets you pick a dish from each category.  The wine menu feels a bit skewed toward the more expensive stuff, but the few under-$35 options are quite good.  They tend to have a few decent beers available as well.For gourmands and slow food fans in particular, Alma is a must visit.  It's a rare restaurant where your server can tell you the breed of pig your pork tenderloin came from or what type of honey they've drizzled over your ricotta.  For the non-foodies out there, this would be a fine place to start exploring things.  Delicious and unpretentious.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,7/22/2009,13,116,8,4,5>cheese is the new black - or something along those lines.  the staff's cheeky and the lamb's damn tasty.  although our server alleged that it was weep worthy as claimed by some dude who'd ordered it previously that night.  it was damn good, but no, it wasn't weep worthy.the atmosphere's cozy and they apparently have some sort of cheese dessert specialty which i was jonesing to try but didn't have time.  appetizer of scallops was damn tasty and served on a bed of triple blanched and pureed garlic which has the consistency of a mean potato pancake and didn't make you think you could repel vampires.as far as neighborhood restaurants go, you really can't do better than this.  the price is right the food's great, the only downside is you're apparently dining in relatively close proximity to some dude who apparently weeps when the lamb reaches some apparently respectable level of good.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,7/21/2009,56,94,1,5,4>A friend of mine suggested we check out Salut and I'm glad he did. Its French decor, helpful staff and expansive menu hooked me from the start. I wound up ordering the egg white omelet (for those trying to achieve supermodel status) with a salad. While quite tasty, it certainly wasn't low fat ;) My coworker ordered a daily special of roast beef, Gruyere, horseradish all over a baguette. Quite good but maybe a tad skimpy on the beef. The frities were EXCEPTIONAL. I noticed they have ten bottles of wine priced at $10 on Mondays. And their online dinner menu is just begging me to come back!
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,4/29/2010,126,381,,6,7>The Riverview defies logic when it comes to modern movie houses. Your run-of-the-mill cineplex these days has 30 movies playing, about a $10 price tag on the ticket, double that if you want popcorn and a drink, suburbanite children running all over the place, and the most unimaginative commercialized decor that only matches the strip mall surroundings too well. The Riverview, on the other hand, maintains the classy traditional cinema experience  with a sleek midcentury decor that stretches from lobby to restroom, affordable prices for both movie and snacks, and a location on a slightly-bustling commercial corner that results in wintertime scenes that surely harken back to its glory days; people lined up in their full-length coats and gloves ready to see the show. Also, there's some aspect about having only once choice of movie at a time that makes the whole experience feel purposeful, more substantial, than other modern movie experiences. You actually have to check what's playing and make a positive decision before showing up. It makes one feel a little less like a cog in the commercial money machine, and that's something I can get behind.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,4/28/2010,150,435,3,6,5>i love the refinery! the service is excellent, the staff is friendly and the salon is quite clean....oh, and they validate parking and are located in a super convenient location at the U.....who can complain about walking over to loring pasta bar after a quick waxy waxy rippy rippy?and speaking of which, all of the waxing services (of the south american country version) have been flawless.  Respectful, clean and quick appointments with staff who make you feel comfortable without even trying.I love being on their email list because every monday i get an email about their weekly specials....like five bucks off a brazilian this thursday or a discounted massage and pedi combo.  LOVE IT!I'll absolutely keep coming back for all of my below the border needs...and i may even start trying out their other services as well!  I'm a student now...i deserve it!........right?
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,4/27/2010,66,139,3,4,4>In my youth I came here often, and have nothing but the fondest memories of sitting up in the upper booths, smoking and drinking my chocolate malt and pouring quarters into the juke box.  I'd always get something fried and something frozen, and my friends were always there, and there was always something fun in the works.I came back recently, and I have to say, Ian is right.  This is one of those places that is so hard to find now.  These things do disappear, and Snuffy's has already started to.  The malts are still the best around.  The juke box is gone, replaced by piped in classic rock.  The pickles are still spicy little slices of spectacularity.  The bacon on the burgers has gotten thin and stringy.  The prices are still based on the purchasing power of the mid 1980's dollar.  The front seating area with accolades from around the local media has been replaced with a candy crane machine.This is still a great place to get a burger and a malt after a summer afternoon in St. Paul, but somewhere in the intervening years, much of the magic has gone elsewhere.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,4/26/2010,51,129,4,3,4>Low on elbow room, but that's ok -- because I figure that the really crotchety schmoes who would rather be seen then have an actual fun time on a night out can be easily pushed out of this place by people like me.  Sharpening the elbows as we speak.If you're a "oh my gawd my purse cannot touch the floor" kinda girl, this place isn't for you.  It's for people who work hard, play hard and hang easy.  Neckties to artists, it's a good mix of folk, but it's not the scene to meet the spouse that's going to get you on the BearPath Country Club membership roster. Folks would rather have a grilled cheese sammich with garlic and tomatoes...or stumble in here to have one final nightcap and get out of the path of the trolling cougars down the street.   Plus, old school bowling and waitresses with tats.  I dig it.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,4/25/2010,63,166,7,6,6>They've been open for less than a week and I've already been here 3 times.  I think I have a problem.  I love that slightly charred taste from their oven.  The crust is a little bit chewy, not too thick, not to thin - just perfect ... and their salads are wonderful, too.  The salads are large and filling.  As a bonus, you get focaccia topped with rosemary with your salad.  So good!  If you are used to getting a ton of toppings and lots of cheese, you may not like this place.  It's pizza, but unlike pizza from the big chains, I don't feel like I've just eaten a big bowl of grease after eating Punch pizza.  The toppings taste so fresh and light, but the pizza is enough to fill me up.Punch can get pricey if you get something other than the basic margherita or napoli pizza.  However, they offer nice coupon deals so just sign up to be on their mailing list.On the downside, I tried eating in one time and that was a big mistake.  The place was PACKED so the only place to sit was at the long table in the middle.  It was so noisy that I had to practically shout to be heard by my lunchmate.  It might have been better in a booth, but I've noticed that even when I'm just standing in line to get an order to go, it's loud.  Must be something with the acoustics in the place.  Minus one star for the deafening noise.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,4/24/2010,165,364,4,3,4>So you know you had a good time when the waitress takes away the menus.  But, it's hard to explain that I act like this normally.The night started off with some 25 dollar shots. Expensive, but Barrio had me at the get a lucha libre mask with every shot over 20 bucks.  Soon, I was sipping my tequila with my mask on and giving high fives to other customers who got a mask.  And I can say the shots here are huge.  It was more like 2 shots.  Double your trouble, double your fun.Food here is also pretty good. Some of the best fish tacos outside of Socal. Tequila grilled shrimp really did have a nice kick to it too.  The potato sopes and corn chowder were just ok.  So basically come for some bar snacks and first-rate tequila.  There is huge selection here.  Also, the tequila cocktails are also pretty good.  The crowd is really mixed-old people to guys in jerseys to guys and gals with lots of piercings to girls in sequin dresses. At night it gets rowdier with lots of music.Barrio is a great place to let loose.  Soon you might be donning your lucha libre mask too.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,4/23/2010,77,572,9,5,6>DAMN YOU, BREAD AND CHOCOLATE!Damn you and your bars and cookies and croissants. I think you had to have some subliminal high-speed Bluetooth waves broadcasting throughout the neighborhood last weekend, because how else can I explain how I ended up here after my ass-kicking workout, during which I got a few waves of nausea to prove that I was burning some quality calories?Oh well, at least I replaced 'em with some very high-quality calories. I chose the lemon bar (AND hell, for full disclosure, the magic bar too) and was not disappointed. The lemon bar had a very thick layer of tart and tangy lemony goodness, supported by a dense, buttery, heart-stopping/clogging crust. The powdered sugar on top is a coy little kiss.I'll be honest, the magic bar was not as good as my own recipe, but at least I only had one bar lying around rather than a full pan. I think the only thing that will help me in the future is the fact that the bars are a whopping $2.25 apiece. Oh, and the weekend line was ridiculously disordered for a place that has been doing this sort of thing for this long. And I now have to inflict 10x more waves of nausea to work off those calories.DAMN YOU!!
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,4/22/2010,70,198,,6,4>Let me first say, that Harry is a super nice guy. He chatted with us throughout the lunch, was a very friendly host, and seems like he could easily be your surrogate uncle or dad you never knew you had.The menu is pretty straight forward and covers some Carribbean staples like curried beef, chicken, goat, fish and shrimp. You can get it wrapped in roti, or with a plate full of rice. Ebbin M. got the roti with curried beef and I got curried beef with rice. We both tried it with medium spice. Ebbin got the ginger beer and I just stuck with water. Our plates came out pretty quickly and first thing you'll notice is that the portions are generous. My curry was generously appointed with all kinds of veggies to compliment the beef and gravy. I threw on a bit more of the chili sauce and dug in. Now, this was some comfort food... very hearty. My eyes got to watering pretty quickly and the runny nose came soon after. It was actually a decent level of spice compared to what most places around have... very nice. The overall taste wasn't too strong and felt free of any kind of flavor enhancers or additives. Harry's stuff definitely tastes down-home. I'll definitely go back. The service is friendly... Atmosphere, cozily divey... and the food was tasty and filling. I took a sip of Ebbin's ginger beer and that was pretty darned good as well... definitely home made.Good job Harry!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,4/21/2010,95,217,8,4,4>Who's that girl waddling out of Black Sheep Coffee Shop? Why, that's little old me, a patron who can't decide between a fluffy chocolate cupcake and a peanut butter bar, thus making it quite clear: both shall be eaten! Daily! With a vanilla latte! At Black Sheep!My new workplace is two minutes away from BS and I go mainly because I hope to wait out rush hour. The atmosphere is everything you could want in a coffee shop if you don't like acoustic singer-songwriters (I, for the most part, do not). Half the flooring is hardwood, half is stone tile. There's a fireplace, lots of comfy chairs with pillows, and blankets at the ready in case you're feeling tie-tie. The background music is good, too. Just a few days ago they played the theme song from House. I thought, 'Hm, I know this song, I think it's a theme song, maybe from Crossing Jor- Oh, House!' Catholicism strongly influences, at the very least, the decor of the shop. While I was aware of the large painting of Pope John Paul II, and the pew-like seating, I just noticed a fairly large crucifix that hasn't always been there. A painting that, for several weeks I'd mistaken for Ernest Hemingway (the smile should have given me pause initially), is of Padre Pio, a saint who happens to have looked like a happier Hemingway.The coffee itself is phenomenal. Once upon a time, I used to spend about $150 a month on coffee. I've tried more than my fair share and can vouch for the superior quality offered at BS. I've gone from visiting once a day to twice a day because I can't stop thinking about this coffee. This coffee will need to file for a restraining order. The judge will look at the stack of my receipts and agree that yes, I am a menace and I must be stopped. Until then, I will drink of Black Sheep and perhaps cut back on the pastries.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,4/20/2010,65,311,4,11,7>Eclectic Lake Harriet...some tips:*  south side of the lake, look for the "fairy door" at the base of a tree (it's what my daughters call it).*  quench your thirst at the old school water pump a bit east of the fairy door.*  Huge ice cream scoops at the concessions west of the bandstand.*  Free entertainment at the bandshell.  Check this link out for a concert schedule:  minneapolisparks.org/def…*  Dog counting...great way to get kids tuned into walking around the lake.*  Linden Hills:  Sebastian Joe's/Great Harvest/ Cafe Twenty Eight/Coffe & Tea Ltd, et al.*  Diversity.  Walkers/bikers/roller bladers/runners are a diverse group - old, young, pierced, families, singles, etc.  Balanced.*  Gateway.  Start at Lake Harriet and then move over to Calhoun.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,10/18/2014,24,103,3,5,4>This place is so ridiculously cute I want to hire them to come decorate my house!The service is fast casual, order at the counter then the food is delivered to your table. The staff is very friendly, we had great service. We tried the farmhouse salad, croque madame, raspberry vanilla cupcake and the breakfast cupcake. The frosting on the cupcakes is SO good! Everything else was also very good, especially the tarragon sauce for the smashed potatoes. The only thing I thought was a bit disappointing was their breakfast/brunch selection, I had hoped this could be a new breakfast spot but I say it's more suited toward lunch or dinner. Overall I give this place a thumbs up, give it a shot.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,10/17/2014,101,208,4,4,7>Yoga Sol was exactly what I expected, plus a little more! I stopped by here for a 5:30pm Vinyasa class on one of the first sunny evenings in the Twin Cities. After hearing a few friends give great reviews, and needing to attend an outside class as a part of teacher training, I looked forward to see what new yoga studios are popping up in my neighborhood.As a CPY lover, I have not tried some more true "studios". Yoga Sol made me feel like I was bopping in downtown Chicago or NYC. They have the vibe as a true "corner Yoga studio feel". The sequence itself was great. It was a little more intermediate than a beginners feel. It was both relaxing and challenging!It is donation based, with a $10 request. It is well worth it. The teachers are well trained and friendly, and the atmosphere is accessible and fun.I am looking forward to biking over for a candellight class some summer evening!
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,10/16/2014,57,314,2,3,4>A nice place with an intimate venue.  They have some pretty hip drink options.  We ordered a flatbread appetizer with four toppings to share, and that was really good.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,10/15/2014,16,65,1,4,2>FINALLY! A place to get a custom salad (other than Allie's). Quick line, lots of options, everything looks fresh and tastes as such. Good options for vegetarians, aka tofu (although its just raw tofu, so its not the tastiest of treats! And its pretty darn affordable, though I imagine you could put quite a bill together if you were the kind of person who wants like 4 types of cheese! I do wish they would have some information out indicating which of the dressings were healthier choices. Also, I wish they would go a smidge lighter on the lettuce(s) and a bit heavier on the toppings, but all in all a good salad!As with most new places in the skyway, best to go early or late to avoid the rush until the newness wears off. That said, the salad bar is definitely going to be a regular in the lunch rotation.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/14/2014,140,449,4,4,3>It's easy to reserve tickets for a comedy show by calling, and there's no extra charge for ticket handling.  Getting there early as we did, we found a free parking spot on street within relative close distance.  We found ourselves a table in the room off the main bar area trying to get away from the loud sound and coolness of the air ventilation ducts.  Sitting in back may have reduced that sound a bit, but brought into plain view how *filthy* their air ventilation filter was.  I would guess that their system is working overtime (literally "gasping" for air) given the amount of grime covering the filter we saw.Our server in the bar area was pleasant and efficient.Once inside the gallery for the show, our seats were good, but our server never brought around the glass of wine my friend ordered.  After quite a long wait, he got up to go talk to a server or someone at the bar, and was later told that the bar lost "his ticket"; therefore, they charged only $3 for that glass of wine.  A nice gesture.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,10/13/2014,51,264,6,6,3>I've finally had a chance and excuse to go out to Day Block.  I've wanted to come here since it opened.   Since my brother got a promotion, I was a able to take him out.  Pizza and beer is a winning combination.  We ordered a Carolina BBQ pizza.  I had my doubts with the coleslaw on top, but it all came together to create an awesome flavor on my tongue.  For beer I had a Lot 21 and it had a nice fresh hoppy aroma and a aftertaste that left me wanting another sip.  Needles to say I bought a growler of it to go.  The night we went they only had 3 beers on tap, so I wasn't able to try a flight and get a spectrum view of the brewing part of the business, but what I did have made me want more.  I will be back (terminator voice).Oh, one more thing, they have parking spots that are available after 6. Definitely a good time to come in.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,10/12/2014,29,81,5,4,4>Grandpa's is 1 of 3 outstanding unique north metro ice cream options. Grandpa's is my favorite because they make their own ice cream, but all three are worth a visit. In fact, on a fine day one could bike to all three (13 miles total from Grandpa's in Fridley to Village Scoop in North Oaks to Cup and Cone in White Bear Lake). Grandpas is in a strip mall and somewhat hard to find. Don't give up. Lots of parking and well worth the time to get there. It's a small shop, but you'll want to stay because it feels like an old-fashioned ice cream shop, it's cozy, and the staff are nice. The ice cream is fantastic and they have a wide variety of flavors. It's not cheap, if you want cheap ice cream drive thru DQ. If you love ice cream, then you need to visit Grandpa's ice cream in Fridley. It's just off I694 and so very good.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,10/11/2014,87,290,7,7,7>I'm not sure how the Kitty Cat Klub got its name, but I don't think the Internet's collective infatuation with cats is to blame. Regardless, it has been a go to hangout in Dinkytown for a number of years, primarily due to it's low-key, but still hip vibe and penchant for live music.The decor is certainly unique, as it looks like it was decorated by ransacking every antique store in town, but it works for the space. The footprint of the Klub itself takes up a number of adjacent rooms, offering some privacy, but not complete isolation. They often have local live music and I haven't come across an unreasonable cover charge as of this writing.Service is from the bar only and they have a decent bottled beer list (full bar as well). They also serve grub from Annie's upstairs, which I've never had, but it's been a popular burger and shake joint around the U of M for quite some time - so you can has cheezburger. I hate myself a little bit for typing that.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,10/10/2014,30,108,5,5,7>With the attention the Jucy Lucy has gotten from the hamburger blogosphere in the past few years, I always take my out of town friends here. It's my favorite Lucy, I think. The classic cheddar Blucy is my favorite because I am a purist and only require meat, cheese, tomato, lettuce and onion to make me happy, most of the time. This restaurant is usually pretty busy, but I mostly wait about 5-20 minutes to be seated, and I think it's definitely worth the wait. When my best friend was in town, I had a ridiculously busy and active day planned. We had a big vegetarian lunch earlier in the day. We were ravenous when we drove here for dinner. We both ordered the Baked 'n Loaded, an over the top burger with potato chips, chopped bacon, green onions and Smack Sauce. I remember waiting with knees shaking for this burger and when it came, it was the most magnificent thing I have ever eaten. This may be the case of "hunger is the best condiment," but damn it was the damn nearest thing I have ever had to a literal foodgasm.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,10/9/2014,49,80,6,5,6>SUMMER.Perfect location for summertime lunch, dinner, snacks or just drinks! They have plenty of patio space to enjoy the outdoor park scenery and delicious consumption options. Don't pass this place up! Highlights:Peel and Eat ShrimpCat Fish BasketTap Beer SelectionSea Salt Eatery = Come for the falls, stay for the food.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,4/17/2011,129,109,2,7,4>I stopped by here two weeks ago and I haven't stopped thinking about my sandwich since. I really waffled on whether I should check out this food cart or the dandelion kitchen one or any of the other food carts I hadn't been to yet... but man, I am so glad I stopped here. I got the bulgogi sandwich, a whole one, of course. Go big or go home. A whole sandwich was only $6, and is definitely a full meal. This was some of the best bulgogi meat I've ever had. A little sweet, a little sour, and a little spicy. And A LOT of it. Even the bread was great! And it didn't get soggy at all, even when I saved half of my sandwich for the inevitable 3pm snack attack. I'm in my best journal article writing mode when I'm continuously eating, you know. They do not skimp on the meat in your sandwich here, so fear not hungry gents and ladies of downtown Minneapolis. This is one of my favorite food carts (which I always seem to say) and a top notch spot to get your hangriness cured.If you have never experienced being hangry, it is the unfortunate combination of very hungry and becoming increasingly angry as a result.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,4/16/2011,25,54,5,4,5>When you hear the name Mac's Industrial, what's the first thing that comes to mind? For some it may be tap beer, the bar is lined with selection after selection of micro brews to European imports to classic domestics, many of which are on special. For others it may be the ambiance; not many places can be cool and hip, yet laid back and comfortable. But for me it's all about one thing: their bar food. The Reuben sandwich at Mac's is possibly the best that I've had in the Twin Cities. Most comparable would have to be Kieren's Irish Pub... but a clear winner has yet to be decided. Mac's Brisket style corned beef is slow roasted and pulled, served on lightly grilled marbled rye with Swiss, kraut and thousand island... this is how a Reuben should be made! I shouldn't neglect the fact that this Reuben also comes with one of ~ 20 sides... the Mac and Cheese and Burning Rings of Fire get top marks. If you're looking for lighter fare, Mac's has a large assortment of sandwiches and salads. I enjoy the the Oceanspray baguette - a combination of smoked turkey, sharp white cheddar, green apple and a cranberry mustard sauce. Very refreshing on a hot day. Food is served quickly and comes out hot, and the servers and bar staff are friendly and responsive. If you're looking for a good place to grab beers and food after a softball game, this place is great. Good beer specials and reasonably priced food that comes packed with flavor. Other notables: they have a few bar games including darts, pinball, and video games. There is also a patio that is small yet vital on warm summer nights. Price would fall in the 1 1/2 $ range, average menu item is around 9 bucks. All and all, this place is cool hangout and a must try for certain items on the menu. Try the Reuben - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,4/15/2011,186,185,2,4,3>I've written so much about this place that I can only update it so often. I'll keep it short.Wakame has literally become family to me. The owner George feels like a brother (and not because he's asian either). I walk in and Yo and Ben always greet me with a smile. They are fun and hard working. Wakame has quickly become a solid, reliable spot for great food and the locals now know it. However, despite that, my meals are always well attended to and the food itself always intriguing.I hope everyone is as lucky as the G's to find a place where you can call your spot in the cities as we do about Wakame.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/13/2011,113,230,6,6,7>Like a heroin addict who finds an amazing source I almost don't want to post this review in hopes of keeping this place all to myself.  I fear long lines stretched out the door and around the block.   Glazed looks.  Throngs of people looking for their next hit.Sufficed to say the ice cream is AMAZING, stunning, perfect.  So smooth and delicious.  I had the Salt Caramel and the Sunflower Seed.  I thought the Salt Caramel was the best.  The Sunflower Seed was VERY GOOD though.  Very unique.  The ice cream itself is just so rich and pure.  You can tell the secret ingredient is LOVE.  The guy working there was friendly too.  This place is better than Sebastian Joe's.It's not huge though.  This is most likely fine in the summer with outdoor seating.  In the winter if someone is already sitting at the table, like a true heroin addict you'll have to "shoot up" in your car.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,4/12/2011,240,322,,9,5>Went in on a Sunday for lunch, expecting a buffet and another disappointment. No buffets over the weekend so we ordered from the menu:Veggie momos with a spinach filling were excellent, as was the spicy achar, as Kedar noted in his review.Wheat rotis @ $2.50 each; a must have. Aloo-katahar (raw jackgruit) curry surprised me since the katahar did not taste like it had come out of a can and the spices were well balanced. The tilapia was farm-raised, not bought cheap from an Oriental store, and the curry tasty.My lunch-mates praised the goat curry they had ordered. They also liked the masala chai. If you like your tea very milky, go for this.Went back for the buffet. Ordered wheat rotis again. Appreciated the 2 solid vegetarian items on the menu, asparagus and katahar, as well as kwati, a mixed beans/entil dish, and potato and radish pickle. This time the katahar was acidic, and tasted like canned vegetable. I tasted the fruit in sour cream, pretty good, but the kheer fell short (Amir, I agree with your kheer specialist wife), too much rice and needed a tad more sweetness. The chef is a woman, unusual for Indian-Nepalese restaurants. I commend her for not succumbing to the hyperactive greasy sauces that prevail in these restaurants. The decor and service are excellent. Rashmi, the owner, a University of St. Cloud business school grad, is friendly and attentive without being intrusive. I learned that GP uses organic diary and eggs, and locally raised meat. They also use 100% compostable carry-home boxes. All in all GP is a great addition to the NE restaurant scene.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,4/11/2011,169,466,1,7,4>Mendoberri's has been on my radar, finally zeroed in on this lovely eatery.  Part cafe in the front area, but as you walk through the restaurant you'll arrive at wonderful fireplace and double water fall feature...perfect for an evening dinner.  The trumpet player added a nice light jazzy ambiance. First, I like that there is no bread basket served before the meal.  Not that I don't like my share of lucious carbs, but it saves room for the wonderful creations I'm really there to enjoy.  Two large crab cakes come with the entree portion, all crab-no filler.  I've eaten my share and these were the version where the crab is the stand out, and it should be.  Lightly dressed greens and frittes completed the delicous plate.  The Chicken Strudel bites that were shared from my dinner companion's plate were outstanding.  Trust me, when a transplanted German likes it, it comes on very good authority that you should try this dish too. A side of outstanding roasted beets completed the meal.Service was prompt and friendly, no hovering servers here.  My only criticism of the evening was the undercooked streak of dough in the Apple Strudel we were served and left on the side of the plate.  In hindsight, it should have been sent back to the kitchen.  We politely pointed this out to the server, who apologized but did not remove it from our tab.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,4/10/2011,61,82,2,5,6>What is left to say about this place that hasn't been said?  I guess the important thing to take note of are the times of operation.  I make this point because there have been a few occasions I've been with someone and we swing by only to find they aren't open.  Not a big deal, but if you're planning to meet someone it's best to make sure they're open. To save you some time I will write them below: Mon: CLOSEDTues-Thurs: 4pm-12amFri: 4pm-1amSat: 10am-1amSun: 10am-12amApart from that, I do not have a single gripe.  The fish & chips are amazing; soft and moist on the inside, crunchy batter on the outside.  Also, when I say 'moist', I don't mean greasy.  That is something that is quite amazing about this place: you don't have grease pooling at the bottom of your basket.  The chips are equally delicious.  My own personal preference would be for them to not be quite as soft but that isn't a criticism in the least--just adding a bit of personal flair to the review. ;)  I also recommend getting a Guinness because well, that's how it should be done! The handful of times I've been here the service has been charming and attentive.  I always try to give a nod to good service because in a customer service establishment, that's just as important as the product.  The wait during peak times are something to keep in mind if you're on a time schedule and it's best to have a flexible attitude.  While this is not a problem in the summer, the winter might be another issue entirely as there isn't a whole lot of room to wait indoors for a table.  However, like many before me and many to come, if you do have to wait, you will be rewarded in spades once your fish & chips is placed before you.  Simply amazing!  I don't claim to be a connoisseur of this staple meal, I did live in the UK for a number of years and have definitely logged my time searching for high quality fish 'n chips.  It's easy to do them poorly, not so easy to do them well.  Anchor Fish & Chips is the best I've ever had.  We're fortunate to have this establishment right in our own town.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/9/2011,102,126,3,9,4>Ahhh.....I'm in a blissed out post-massage state of mind as I type this. Sabai is so lovely. You can really tell that the owners have put a lot of thought & care into creating a peaceful, beautiful space. My husband and I had the 90-minute Asian Fusion Couples Massage and it was perfection. The room is tastefully decorated, low lit with candles and soothing music. The space is very intimate and from the moment you walk in the door, you feel as though you've entered another world - far from the hustle of Hennepin Ave or everyday life. I didn't want to leave! Simple, but special touches like a tiny bowl of clementines and pitcher of water to share post-massage earn them extra points. Izaac & Josh were great and I would highly recommend Sabai. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/8/2011,16,83,2,4,4>It's finally open! Went in on day 1 for a Ham and Swisscuit which I've been dreaming of since the fall - they are the best! The ginger cookie was a hit as well.The space is bright and open with a fun mural on the wall. Big windows and ample seating will make this a nice spot for breakfast or lunch. The menu has several breakfast and lunch sandwiches as wells as some plates. No booze but I am intrigued by the house sodas.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,4/7/2011,66,131,3,8,8>I brought in a bag of shoes that I was getting rid of on Tuesday night, and the guy who helped me sincerely seemed thrilled and very grateful that I had brought my things to their store.  He popped up from behind a counter when I walked through the door, and promptly went through all that I bore.  I had barely browsed through two racks when he came back and let me know he was finished.  I typically expect a dismissive attitude and a bit of a wait in this type of situation!  Then he proceeded to thank me earnestly for coming in, as though I had done him a personal favor.  How sweet!  This location in particular is really clean and well lit, and obviously have some great staff.  Bring 'em your stuff!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,12/8/2010,51,129,2,4,8>Blue jeans.  Flip flops.  Neighborhood folks.  Cops.  Bikers.  Artsies.  Old folks.  This is Dulono's.  No earth-shattering pizza.  But I gave it this review because if you're from the neighborhood, it's a good idea to give Dulono's 1-2 chances.If you're from the suburbs, would I make the trip all the way in for this place?  Not likely. But that's why it's a great place to get to know -- if you're local you can slide into a booth with a soda in a red plastic glass and leave your worries at the door for a straight-up old school pizza joint, hole-in-the-wall on Lake Street.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,12/7/2010,134,345,1,10,4>I had dinner with a friend at Rojo last night.  I was really impressed!The restaurant was fairly empty for the size of the place.  That worked out for us, as we wanted to sit and chat, so it wasn't too noisy.  Kind of a bummer for the servers, I'm sure, but nice for guests.  The menu feels limited, but it had a few options that I would have liked to try.  I decided on the chicken tacos, and my friend, the fresh guacamole.  We had barely had a chance to try the chips and [extremely hot yet extremely delicious] salsa before our food came.  It literally was less than two minutes from the time our server put the order in that we got our food.My tacos were hot and plated in a very attractive way.  I was a little disappointed at the amount of rice, but it turned out that I had plenty of food.  No worries on the small rice scoop.  :)  The beans came in a little dish, and there was a cabbage/rice/something garnish on the side.  It really looked wonderful, and our server (Jeff A.) was very knowledgeable.  He even told us that there was bacon in the beans.  Very cool.My friend's guacamole was too spicy for her Midwestern palate, and the server overheard her saying so.  He immediately offered to get a replacement made, and we got to keep the original one.  (FYI, the guac is NOT spicy, my friend just likes plain avocados with salt for her guac)  I'm not personally a fan of chunky restaurant guacamole, but this stuff was top shelf, and it was a very generous portion for $7.50.  It looked like 2-2.5 whole avocados!We shared a fried ice cream for dessert, which was just ok.  I've had fried ice cream at other places before, and I remember liking it more elsewhere.  Nothing wrong with Rojo's fried ice cream, I'm just not a big sweets person to begin with.  Maybe I just liked it better when I was a kid.  :)My only complaint is that a side of three tortillas, corn OR flour, is $2.50.  Hey, Rojo--did you know that I can go to the La Perla directly (which is where I bet you buy your tortillas) and buy a bag of 36 for $1.25?  I can understand $0.50 or even $1.00, but $2.50 is highway robbery.I'll still come back, I promise.  :)
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,12/6/2010,20,171,,7,2>Buried in an unassuming Bloomington strip mall is the India Café. I went here a few months ago and it very much reminded me of those "fast food" Indian places in Ireland and the U.K. (You order at the counter, the plates were stark white, the furniture was very utilitarian.) I went back two weeks ago and the atmosphere changed- there were nicer pictures on the wall, a waitress actually took our order. Well, it turns out the Indian Café has had a change of ownership and the change is for the better. Not only is a woman's touch more noticeable, but the food has improved very much. The saag paneer that I ordered was made with the freshest of the fresh spinach, the naan was soft, the mango lassi was delicious. I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for some good, reasonably priced Indian food. One of the only disadvantages to this place is that it is kind of small.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,12/5/2010,63,166,4,4,2>I can't believe I've never stopped in here before.  This place is amazing.  They have tons of great toys, trains, activity sets, you name it and they probably have it.  They have the cheapo made in China toys, but they also have the neat wooden toys, too.  I haven't done an item-to-item comparison, but it seems like their prices are cheaper overall than places like Creative Kidstuff.Be careful when you bring kids in here, though, because you may have to drag them out kicking and screaming.  I heard at least 2 kids crying about not wanting to leave when we visited.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,12/3/2010,76,230,1,3,2>5 Stars, 10 Stars if I could!  We had the most amazing time Saturday night.We arrived early for our reservation and had to wait, but we had at least 2 people (neither of whom ended up being our server) offer to get us drinks and look at the menu.  We were seated and our server brought us each a glass of champagne when she found out were were celebrating.We both ordered from the tasting menu (what an amazing deal, the quality far exceeds the price) but we split the duck confit pizza as our starter instead of individual starters.Pizza was SO good.  The combination of flavors with the pear, Gorgonzola, champagne grapes, and the duck blew me away.  The duck was slightly crispy and the crust of the pizza was just about perfect.  Thin but still doughy,Mains were the ossobucco di porcco (I think I spelled that right - pork shank) with sweet potato mash for him and the handmade spinach ravioli for me.  He was sold on the osso as soon as it was described as braised for 2+ hours with a 2 days sauce.  And it was extremely flavorful and delicious.  His only complaint was that he wanted more sauce.  I was sure that my ravioli wouldn't hold up to the osso but they definitely held their own.  The artichoke hearts with tomatoes and garlic and the lemon sauce was so bright and the flavors exploded in my mouth.  Delicious.Dessert.  OMG, dessert.  I know I've been raving about the food but dessert was amazing.  We had the chocolate souffle cake with graham cracker ice cream which was a 7/10 but the budino... sweet heaven the budino.  The salted caramel topping was amazing.  It was salted just right to complement the sweetness and the creamy pudding (is it pudding?  custard?) underneath, bliss.  I had the accompanying wines with mine and all were good.  The riesling at the end wasn't as good as I hoped but both reds were excellent.  I should have written down the names, I would absolutely buy them for home.Amazing food, definitely worth the money, great service, GO NOW.  What are you waiting for?
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,12/2/2010,45,116,2,3,4>Who knew a bowling alley in Northeast could be so cool? I was obviously out of the loop on this one. I've now been to two work events at Elsie's, and both times were fantastic. I love the laid back atmosphere, the staff is great and the bowling alley is awesome. Also - their food is spot on. It's just your usual bar fare, but totally delish. Nachos - bar benchmarker food - were so good, we ordered them twice. The perfect spot for a low key Thursday night out.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,12/1/2010,214,246,,11,7>I must say, when I saw The Wienery showcased on "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives", I was shocked that I didn't know it even existed, and practically in my own back yard!  I have been to Chicago and gone on a tour of restaurants and hole-in-the-wall places to find the Best Chicago Dog, so it was cool to know there was someone who loved them enough to open up a joint here in Minneapolis.  After watching the show, I jumped on the internet to see where it was located, etc.  One of the things I made sure to do was see what the rating was on Yelp.  I was shocked to see some of the negative comments about the place (i.e. not serving authentic Vienna Beef hot dogs, etc.), and I began to lose excitement over the place.  So, I decided to visit to see the place for myself.  When I went there, I had specific things I wanted to check out., including: cleanliness, speed of service, temperature of the fries, authenticity of hot dogs, supply of food, etc. I must say, this place checked out on all counts.  It is a dive, and it doesn't try pretending that it's not--they have a collection of wristbands from jail on the wall for cryin out loud!  So, yes, the menus have a little wear, and the crowd is mostly local, but the food delivers, and so does Pat, the owner!  The place was busy, but I found a stool at the counter that was clean and available.  I was greeted almost immediately and given a menu.  I ordered the Chicago Dog combo (dog, fries and soda). They hand out glasses so you can fill your cup with your desired soda from the fountain (unlimited refills).  My food was in front of me in about 5 minutes after ordering, and he was busy so I was very impressed.  The fries were so hot, I actually had to let them cool off before eating them.  And when I did, they were delicious!  I love how the amount of fries is actually ordered by the potato.  The Chicago dog was great--sport peppers didn't look like "they'd been rolled over with a rolling pin", and all of the important components were there!  He definitely knows how to make a Chicago Dog (poppy seed bun and all).  And speaking of those poppy seed buns...I witnessed him remove both the buns and dogs from real Vienna brand packages while I was there, so don't think for a second that he doesn't give you what he claims.  I'm guessing Matt L. from San Diego saw some of the tofu dogs or something else "generic" packaged up in the cooler and jumped to conclusions.  Not everything that's served there is Vienna brand, but his hot dog, polish and italian beef as well as his buns certainly are!  As for anyone who complained about them being out of anything...I didn't have any trouble, and it looked like most people didn't have any troubles as well.  I heard one guy come in and ask for a certain side (onion rings I think) and he was told they were out, but he quickly switched to chili cheese fries and seemed just as happy.  So, being out of certain items didn't seem to be a problem on the day I visited.  I think that's about it...great place, great food, great owner.  I will definitely go back, especially considering the prices!  Just a tip: Remember to bring cash!
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,11/30/2010,108,154,3,10,6>Froyo, otherwise known as frozen yogurt is my other half.  And this place serves exactly, and only that.  Delicious frozen yogurt of all kinds, and you get to pick the toppings!  Think of it as pasta bar style, with all of the toppings in a line.So here's how it works.  You walk in, grab your bowl. and start your creative froyo abilities.  Some flavors include: Pomegranate, Juicy lemon, chocolate and vanilla.  They offer an abundance of dry and liquid toppings, with tons of fresh fruit as well!  The best/worst part, is that you pay by the ounce!  Best: because you get to choose exactly how much you want of everything. Worst: I often get carried away with the fruit selection, and my bill gets to be a little heftier than I would like.  Usually, mine amounts to around $3.50 or $4.00.Decor-wise, this place is very modern, with cute little couches, and even has free WI-FI!  Beware, as this is "the place to go" for high schoolers, and those cool wannabee middle schoolers as well.  Families coming from soccer practice can also be seen here.  It just opened in 2009 and the founders recently opened a new location at the Mall of America.  Check-check-check it out!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,11/29/2010,18,34,4,4,5>I did it. I ate it all and now I'm near a coma, regretting this tight sweater I wore today.  I'm gonna have some work to do at the gym tonight.  But it was worth it.This place is so classic. "Whaddya mean ya neva been here?! I've been here for 25 years!!" Says the owner/cook who wears a red work shirt with one (maybe two) buttons buttoned, displaying quite the man sweater. Judging by the three pictures hung on the back wall (the Sopranos, Goodfellas, and what I assume is a younger photo of him), this is not a guy you mess with. But honestly, it's quite the charming family run business. His mother with the gold teeth will gladly check you out, in between browsing the JC Penny's catalog. She's "looking for something, you know?" Her other son, the one that's not cooking, Steve as his work shirt says, yeah Steve'll run your credit card for ya. And the granddaughter serves and buses the tables. The clientele runs the whole gamut, but I must say we were a little out of place in our business suits. It's mostly blue collared work shirts, white t's, and gold chains galore. As the sign says behind the grill, "There's something special for every day." The amount and quality of food you get here for the price can't be beat. I got the fillet which comes with an iceberg salad (with bacon bits!!), baked potato, and awesome Texas toast. I added mushrooms and onions and a diet coke, my cafeteria tray was overflowing. My total was $14, not bad for a steak dinner. The food was all really good. Great steak, nicely cooked, only a couple grizzly bites in the whole thing. But that's to be expected in this price range. Way to go Best Steak House, you live up to your name. Now I have to go lay down...
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,11/28/2010,13,42,3,2,3>Not sure how many other restaurants have a mean walleye sandwich, but the Tavern on Grand has the best by far. And since it's famous for their walleye, you know it'll be good. You can get the sandwich in three different styles, grilled, deep fried, or blackened. I typically go for the blackened which is like a Cajun style flavoring.After taking one bite, you will be sold hook, line, and sinker. The walleye is nice and light and the tartar/jalepeno sauce makes every bite a delightful experience. You just can't put the sandwich down! After five minutes or so, mine was devoured. Throw in the fact that the sandwich comes with some cole slaw and fries; it's a nice meal that's not too heavy for lunch and perfect for dinner. I don't think I can say enough great things about it! Unfortunately it's so good that it prevents me from being able to sample the other items on the menu. But that's okay. I just want another walleye sandwich!
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,4/16/2012,72,35,2,4,1>As a vegetarian, the giant chicken and "rotisserie" has always scared me away from Brasa. Biking by, it always smelled delicious and made me envious of those carnivores who don't have to bite and grin into a tempeh concoction and pretend it's just as good. So, I instantly when into "ah shucks" mode when my friends mentioned they were going to Brasa after a casual 40 mile bike ride we took one beautiful Saturday. But wait, Jordan, they have a vegetarian menu.I kicked it into high gear, knowing I'd get to enjoy all the fragrant smells of an atmosphere like Brasa without having to give up my non-meat-eating snootiness. I showered, dressed and walked dogs in record time and hurried back into Nordeast, where my friends were already sitting on the patio, drinking pitchers of sangria without me!!I arrived 15 minutes after they did and no worries, I didn't miss any sangria tasting... there was a wait. Woah, what a wait. Crowds of people in Twins paraphernalia stood in our way. Alright, we were a group of 8, so there wasn't much complaining on our part, but damn. I wish they took reservations.After about 35 minutes, we were seated. I was a little cranky. Forty miles plus forty minutes of standing idly in the sun does not make Jordan a happy girl. But whatever, I was ready to read this legendary vegetarian menu...Um. It's just the regular menu with the meat items taken out.That's fair. I was hoping for a little more variety than two items, but I'll get the Vegetarian Bean Fritter without guac and the Cornbread with Honey Glaze. The cornbread came quickly with everyone else's appetizers. It was sweet and broke apart easily. Qualities I love in cornbread. Soon after the Vegetarian Bean Fritter came and blew me away. It was miles above my expectation of a meat house's interpretation of bean cuisine. The mozzarella was thick and melty. The fritter part did not fall apart into a million different crumbles like the usual meatless burger. Everything surpassed my already high expectations.Brasa's Vegetarian Bean Fritter is excellent and makes up for the fact that it's one of two meals they have for us non-meat eaters. Careful about the hour you choose to go because they are popular and get a couple of orders of cornbread.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,4/15/2012,102,126,3,4,2>I really want to move to the neighborhood just so I can walk here and delight in the carb-loading goodness every single day.  I would be a very happy girl.    After a lovely long walk along Minnehaha Creek, we popped in to give this place a try.  It's certainly popular so be prepared to stand in line, but don't worry....it moves quickly.   I had the Berkley salad - a large serving of mixed greens with wheat berries mixed in and a few big spoonfuls of different "salads" layered on top.  I believe they change frequently, but mine included a white bean mixture, marinated chopped veggies and curried cauliflower.  Drizzle that with a fresh lemon vinaigrette and serve a warm wheat roll on the side and you have yourself one happy, healthy luncher.  My guy had a meatloaf sandwich with apple butter and fried shallot cream cheese (awesome - I stole a bite) and equally delicious hand-cut fries.  The breakfast and dinner menus looked good enough that I'll be planning a few upcoming visits to give them a try.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,4/14/2012,95,174,,4,6>My dear Tilia, you have outdone yourself in every way possible.  With the enormous hype generated from 99 reviews clocking you in at 4.5 stars, it's a wonder you managed to live up to said hype.  But you deserve every ounce of awe cast your way by we Admiring Yelpsters.Really, you had me at hello.  Your style: timeless.  Simple, but mesmerizing.  No other restaurant has made browns and whites look so classy.My dining companion and I ventured in on a Sunday morning for brunch.  We arrived around 11, and the wait was about 15 minutes for a table for two.  It's busy and the atmosphere is charged, yet somehow relaxed.  Rarely do I read through a menu and have to choose between so many attractive options...in the end, I opted for the Braised Pork Shoulder.  Great decision.  The Johnny Cakes were the perfect bedding, the pork was tender and generously portioned, and the corn-poblano "hollandaise" was light and not at all overpowering.  Truly, it was the best brunch dish I have ever experienced.My compagnon, a Tomato-Lover Extraordinaire, chose the Slow-Poached Eggs in Parmesan Cream.  She was not at all disappointed...a unpretentious dish served in a marvelous fashion.Everything works at Tilia : exceptional service, brilliant food presentation, unique flavors, and a stately vibe.  We'll return very soon...
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,4/11/2012,52,160,3,4,4>I don't believe there is any one way to prepare oneself for the visual onslaught that is Hunt & Gather.  In the first 5 minutes walking through the store I had already whacked my head on a protruding board, and nearly brought down an entire display by tripping on an exposed corner of a table...it was certainly packed...but in a really great way.I feel like there could be anything cool, retro, ancient, and amazing hiding around any corner in this place.  My eyes went kind of hazy after a little while of roaming through and finding about 20 things I could potentially buy...from a vintage Santa to an old rusty #4 from an old sign...I settled in on a really cute vintage nightlight and an old Mexican Christmas record.When I finished looking through the store, I wanted to take one more pass through, and was shocked to see there was a basement as well!  More treasures?  The stairs going down are a bit steep, but as you round the corner and see what appears to be miles and miles of curiosities...I felt like a kid in a toy store.I'm going back sometime soon to buy a mounted deer head, and whatever else I can find that I never knew I needed.Best thrift-type store around for simply off the wall and weird items...some pricey, some not.  Very friendly staff as well.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,4/10/2012,30,108,1,10,5>BEST VIETNAMESE FOOD IN THE TWIN CITIES. When my family comes to visit here, we eat here twice. My dad is SUPER picky about Vietnamese restaurants and he lauds this place to the high heavens. We have taken guests to this restaurant, and they have all agreed: the food is so good! Everything we get is reliably very delicious, from the traditional "com gia dinh" family style Vietnamese foods to the Americanized sesame chicken and fried rice. A very nice family owns Caravelle and its sister restaurant Pho 79. The matriarch still watches over the kitchen every day. If you wanna say that you can find better Vietnamese food elsewhere on Eat Street (or Minneapolis,even), you are mistaken, my friend. This is the place to go. Take it from me, a girl with 24 years experience. Some people are confused with the 2 sides, 2 restaurants, 1 space concept. I just treat it as though it is one big restaurant. All the food is the same and comes from the same place. The Caravelle side has slightly better ambience and is best for dinner with guests or dates, the Pho side is for your 11am bowl of pho with your family. RECOMMENDATIONS (STRONGLY): Canh Chua Ca Bong Lau: Cat fish tamarind soup. I have dreams about this dish. Features pineapple, taro stems, celery, tomatoes and cat fish in a hot, slightly spicy, garlicky, tangy broth. Careful, the fish has the bones. Comes with spicy fish sauce to dip the fish. Also available with chicken, but I think you need to get the catfish for the full experience. Ca Chien mam gung: Fried fish with ginger fish sauce. They feature catfish, sun fish, and walleye. I highly recommend the walleye for that local flavor. It's lightly floured, deep fried and served in a sweet fish sauce flavored with ginger. The fish sauce isn't overpowering, it is really tangy, umami and sweet. This also has bones. We Vietnamese, are not afraid of bones, can you tell? Tom Chien Ngu Vi Huong: Good sized shrimp battered and fried with Chinese Five Spice and garlic. Comes served on a bed of sauteed onions. So tasty. Ca Kho To: Catfish stewed in a Clay Pot. Catfish steaks (WITH BONES) stewed in a caramelized, garlicky, spicy sauce. It has an intense flavor that is out of this world. After you finish picking the fish off the bones, drizzle the sauce over your rice. That is Vietnamese comfort food, right there.  This is a really long review. I felt compelled to write this because I saw that Caravelle only received 3 stars from Yelpers. Let me tell you, this is injustice if I ever saw it.FUN FACT: Van Son, a popular Vietnamese variety show recently filmed a performance in Minnesota. They featured some Vietnamese businesses on their DVD. Quang's down the street was one of the businesses featured. We asked the owners why Caravelle wasn't featured by Van Son. They said that the production crew and cast ate at Caravelle and ordered catering by Caravelle every day they were in town. They didn't want to pay to be advertised on the DVD because they obviously do fine without it so that is why they were not featured. Neat huh?
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,4/9/2012,82,170,4,5,4>I've been lucky enough to dine here for lunch, dinner and their "amazing" happy hour. If you haven't made a trip to Amore Victoria then I would suggest you drop by soon. This is truly a hidden treasure in Uptown since it's a little off the beaten track of Lake and Hennepin. From the first moment you walk in the door you will find this restaurant very charming.  l love their big cozy "velvet burgundy" booths. Perfect seating if you're with a larger crowd. The bar area is smaller but there are also additional tables (on the bar side) if you come in for happy hour.You are bound to find something on the menu you like here. They offer a large selection of "Italian" dishes plus more. My most recent trip was for happy hour  (2pm to 7pm then 9:30pm to close). If you want to be easy on your pocket book come during those hours. Wine by the glass is only $3 and other specialty drinks are $5. Appetizers are half off. Probably one of the best deals in town. Both the bruschetta and artichoke dip are a "must try". They do have a small parking lot in the back (enter on Irving) but it's a "first come" only. Otherwise bring quarters for the meters or try to find off street parking nearby. They also offer rooftop dining when the weather permits. So how about happy hour and then dinner on the rooftop?  Anyone interested?
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,4/8/2012,84,128,6,7,8>Places that have a late night special called Manhattan and Cheese Curd Wednesdays shouldn't be located within a five mile radius of me. The Lowry is. I'm in trouble.Seriously. A Manhattan AND Cheese curds. The unofficial state cocktail and snack of Wisconsin. Together. As a born and raised Wisconsinite, I am rejoicing.Besides that, The Lowry has some other really good stuff going on. I was pretty excited about their pickled vegetables...they are fried cauliflower, onions, and carrots that are paired with a super good mayo sauce. Their beef stroganoff was also pretty insane. The pasta was perfect and their beef was really tender. The bites I tried of my companions macncheese were also very good. I also  had two of their cocktails...and they were obviously strong because I can't remember the names for the life of me. Strong, but good.So, basically, I really like this place. Also, if it is Wednesday night, you'll know right where to find me.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,4/7/2012,16,110,4,4,3>Not sure I can get a better sandwich in the Twin Cities. If so please let me know but I'll be skeptical until I try. Why are there not more places like this that make mind blowing sandwiches? If you've ever been to Seattle and had a Paseo sandwich you'll want to check this place out, it's the closest I've found. - The bread is tough and delicious, an obvious cornerstone of a great sandwich. - The meat is sliced with a purpose, to be the captain of the sandwich, taking on the leadership role no doubt. After that you have important pieces still, such as the lettuce and onions and whatever other ingredients they throw on there. As Annie D. said, DON'T F with the ingredients, don't be the Joe Blow who wants to give artistic advice to an artist. Just don't. They have their sh$# figured out here, they know what they're doing. OK, 1 exception, if you're not a fan of horseradish and or terrible burning sensations that somehow run up into your nasal passages and into your brain, you may want to tell them to go light on it (the horseradish) with the roast beef sammy. Somehow even after the intensity of it I still get the "Where the hell am I? OMG look at this awesome sandwich, nom nom nom" thoughts after taking a bite. So it's like some sick addiction, but I'm cool with it.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,4/6/2012,97,74,3,3,3>After a handful of visits, I feel confident in my love for Amazing Thailand.  I've enjoyed a few dinners, a couple happy hour sessions, and  came to conclusion that this is my favorite Thai eatery in the Uptown area.  After a short two month stint in Thailand, I can safely say that some of the dishes on Amazing Thailand's menu are the real deal.Pluses:+Entree portions are large, so it's fun to share dishes with a group of people.  +Happy hour drink and food prices at $3 is hard to beat! Early and late happy hours.+Fresh spring rolls, chicken laab salad with sticky rice, massaman chicken curry, rainbow combination+Great Thai flavors that don't taste like Chinese food+I'm not a avid fan of pad Thai, but I enjoyed the couple bites I had+Thai teaI'm really looking forward to a valiant return to Amazing Thailand.  It will be difficult for me not to order the chicken laab salad, but we all need to branch out every once in a while and try new things.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,4/5/2012,119,73,3,6,5>Although I've spent a good amount of time eating/drinking my way around the Calhoun Square area in Uptown, I have consistently missed Aura.  You would understand why if you saw it...it's tiny!  However, I am very glad I stopped in yesterday!  Aura is the perfect place to have a quiet conversation with cozy booths for a steamy date that requires seclusion, or high top tables for openly cheers-ing to the good times.  I caught up with an old friend at the bar, and we took great advantage of the 4pm-Midnight happy hour.  (Can you believe it??  It's like happy hour heaven!).  $3 wine, $3.75 rail drinks and beer, and great deals on small plates.Please, I beg of you, if you decided to stop into Aura, order the GYRO WRAP.  At first I was skeptical (it wasn't on the happy hour menu after all), but I made the best decision of my life and ordered it.  With fresh tzatziki sauce and a gyro wrapped in pizza dough, you really can't go wrong!! Well worth the $8!  Also, it's definitely big enough to split for 2!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/10/2013,42,189,2,15,8>This really is as good as it gets. La Belle Vie isn't just a meal out, it's an experience. We celebrated our wedding anniversary with the tasting menu here and loved every minute of it. The restaurant is located on the ground floor of a beautiful old apartment building near the Walker. They have valet ($9) and you might as well just use it. Street parking can be limited and being able to just pull up, drop your keys and walk in will only add to the rock star feeling this place gives you. As others have mentioned, service is superb. We were immediately greeted upon walking in and shown right to our table. They didn't need to check some reservation list. They just knew. We were served by a staff of at least five (I lost count) but every one of them was really good at what they did. We wanted for nothing. Then there's the food. It was our first time so we went for the five-course tasting menu ($70), not being able to imagine stuffing down 8 or 13 courses (there is also an a la carte menu). The meal begins with a flurry of breads - garlic wheat, olive, buttered rolls, gougeres - and then an amuse bouche (literally means "fun mouth") of a char mousse. The highlight of this was definitely the gougeres - a cross between a cream puff and a popover, they're made with aged gruyere cheese and they're to die for. Our five courses consisted of a strawberry gazpacho soup with soft shelled crab (the combo of the tabasco breading on the crab and the strawberry was unexpectedly delightful), monkfish and veal (the veal was supremely tender and delicious, husband said the monkfish was the best fish he'd ever had), poussin (young chicken) and risotto (awesome, and served with these amazingly rich mushrooms), ribeye and summer vegetables (simply a really flavorful piece of meat), and then panna cotta with  rhubarb, olive oil financier and brown sugar and cinnamon ice cream. Hands down, the ice cream was the best thing I put in my mouth that night (which is saying a lot). It was dessert perfection. As if that wasn't enough, we were also treated to a plate of tiny treats - a praline chocolate, some white chocolate with apricot, raspberry and pistachio, a dreamsicle macaroon, pistachio shortbread and something the server described as a giant gummy bear (which was pretty accurate). The macaroon was the best I'd ever had (I might finally understand what the macaroon fuss is all about) and the pistachio shortbread was a really pleasant surprise. They also make some pretty clever drinks here so don't pass on the drink menu. Next time, I'd add the wine flight to our meal - there were some great pairings there. This place is worth every penny. It may not be an everyday sort of restaurant, but for special occasions, it's pretty close to perfect.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/9/2013,63,138,4,4,4>Yummo! One of the best bakeries around! I had to check out the cronut craze that is sweeping New York. Here they are called Cro-knots and they are delicious. (edit: I do believe they have changed the name. I can't remember what it is now but I am pretty sure it still has the word "knot" in it). Light and fluffy chewy and crispy, just delish! The only thing that could make it better is if it was filled with pastry cream like the NY originals.It is a bit pricy though.I got 2 cronuts and 2 cupcakes and it was $15. Not something I'd pay every day but for an occasional treat it's well worth it. The Cro-knots are $4.50 a piece or something so the cupcakes are average cupcake price. :pMy only other complaint is that they don't have their vanilla cupcakes all the time. Those should be a staple!! You can always call them up and find out what kind of cupcakes they have that day. Anyhoo, these are called Vanilla Birthday Cupcakes and they are the absolute best vanilla cupcake I have found yet. I like them even better than Wuollet's though they are hard to compare since they are quite different for both being a plain vanilla cupcake. Unfortunately I only see them there about 1/4 of the time I visit. Parking can be tricky and you need to look for the Hell's Kitchen sign rather than Angel Food to find where you are going. They have lots of great looking stuff in that display case. I've been there during the lunch hour and the selection is still pretty full... they make a lot of stuff throughout the day. The cakes are beautiful. I can't wait for an occasion to order one. Oh... it's Friday?? Good enough! Off to order! :)
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,10/8/2013,127,121,10,11,9>I wasn't going to review this place because my better half, Sam W., just recently did. But, after eating at The Nook, I had to express my l admiration for The Blue Door Pub.Blue Door Pub has outstanding creativity when it comes to their burgers. I wouldn't come here if I wanted a plain American Cheeseburger. For that, I would go to The Nook.Here, you order a new flavor combination. A new burger experience.Its not a perfectly seasoned meat patty. Its a perfectly seasoned meat patty stuffed with all kinds of sexy. Sexy you'd never think to stick in a burger. This is where your sense of food adventure (But not too much adventure like cockroaches and shit) and love for hamburgers intertwine and drag you into flavor nirvana.I'm like that, though. I'd love to dip my burger into some curried milk. Sure, shove some jam into my meat. What's that you say? Pineapple between those buns? I'll try that. Extra peanut butter, please.That, my dear, is why the Blue Door Pub rocks; despite the long waits, cramped seating and no free sides. This is the kind of place you throw all of those expectations out the window; simply because the burger is worth it. Unless you're not adventurous. Then take your ass to the Nook for another different, but amazing burger experience.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,10/7/2013,84,128,3,6,2>This is the restaurant that has me going back to Calhoun Square-I love the 7 Corners location, but it's always tough to get over there and park, so I was thrilled by the uptown location opening.Republic is definitely my go-to for a weekend happy hour-it's perfect to bring your friends AND parents. My mom (and I) especially love their 8oz wine pour-and during happy hour that wine is only $3, so it can't be beat. I've also had some of their cocktails and loved them. The Italian Greyhound ( vodka, red berries, grapefruit, and Campari) is probably my favorite, though. It's perfectly refreshing and not too sweet.Food-wise, I LOVE their fries, served with aioli and homemade ketchup that they need to bottle up for sale asap. I also dig their $6 burger special during happy hour-any burger is $6!! Favorites include the brie w/ red wine reduction and the bleu cheese/bacon burger. They come with a little side salad so you feel slightly healthy after indulging in a monster burger.I've had nice service, here, too. All in all a great addition to uptown!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,10/6/2013,50,47,1,4,6>Love this place.  Love it.  Love.I've had my haircut by Aaron who was a delight, Becca who I enjoyed talking running with, and Megs who talks relationships and tattoos with me.  Each person did an excellent job and I wouldn't hesitate to go back to any of them at any time for any hair-related reason.  They listen carefully, aren't afraid to offer their thoughts, and do a great job checking in as they go.The environment is relaxing with an obvious affection between the stylists.  It's locally owned which is a huge plus for me personally and I love feeling like I'm a part of that family even for the short time that I'm there.The fact that they have online scheduling and they are offering check-in offers on Yelp! (as of 4/1/13) shows a progressive salon that I think will be around for a long, long time.  I can't recommend this place enough.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,10/5/2013,147,73,4,3,3>I first have to say the I had heard so many good things about this place and am never in this area.  I was so excited to find that I had a meeting a Midtown Global Market late morning and knew the stars had aligned for me to (finally) eat at The Left Handed Cook.  The co-owner took my order and I could barely utter words as I was staring at her thinking about how she looked like a really bad-ass version of me.  With that kind of start, of course I was going to enjoy my experience :).  While waiting for my food, they give a great little sample of their version of kettlecorn (delish!).  I ordered the bok bok bowl and it was insane.  At first glance, the amount of chicken was underwhelming but everything was portioned well and very flavorful.  I look forward to coming back and devouring more of the menu.  Nice work Left Handed Cook!  Go lefties!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,10/4/2013,60,116,9,12,11>If you're in Midway area, you need to eat fast and cheap, and you don't go here? I don't know if we need to be friends.No. Really.I got my BA from Hamline, and was there, in 2001, when Ali opened the store. It used to be open until 1am, but he quickly figured out that the location didn't really support a late night food destination like that. However, he also used to live above the place, and he would open it up when 8 of my drunk friends and I would buzz his apartment at midnight, and cook us a feast. Honestly, that fact alone will forever warm my heart when I think about this place.But history is in the past, let's talk about 2013. He no longer owns it, but that has done nothing to diminish the feel, quality, or prices. You will walk into a small, almost cramped but more cozy restaurant. You'll mingle with neighborhood residents, Hamline professors, college kids, retired people, adventurous suburbanites looking for ethnic fare, and everything in between. 1. It is real. Forget the Gyro. The Gyro is a copy of the Turkish Doner Kebab. Did I just blow your mind? Look it up. I wouldn't lie to you, baby. This place, the first Turkish restaurant in Minnesota, is your ground zero. 2. It is cheap. How cheap? A sandwich and fries for about $6 cheap. McDonald's is cheaper, but, yeah. 3. The people are friendly. They refill your water, or at least mine. They get your order right. They will suggest menu items if you're not familiar. They'll let you try a tiny sip of the Aryan if you've never had a yogurt drink before.  4. The food is amazing. Ali told me when he opened that he took most of the recipes from his parents, cut his teeth in Germany at a Kebab shop, and finally made his way to America. The lentil soup is incredible. The gyro spices (they are on the fries, too) are awesome. The homemade lemonade is lovely, just lovely. The Dolma (stuffed grape leaves) are awesome. The chicken marinade? Imported from Mars. I swear. Get the gyro sandwich. Get the gyro dinner. Get the combo plate. Get the soup. Get the baklava. Get the Turkish coffee (be sure you won't be trying to sleep for awhile, though). Get the tea. Good grief, even their basmati rice is good. I mean, really.Get your money's worth. We'll be recovering from this gnarly recession for some time to come, and this place lets you streeeeeetch the dollar. Bigtime.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/3/2013,108,154,4,6,5>George & the Dragon, you have really won my heart.  You are the perfect neighborhood pub that I want to frequent often. You are approachable, and casual, with mighty fine menu options.  And it doesn't hurt that your beer list is pretty decent too.  So far I have tried your Elizabeth & Victoria salads-- with those incredible toasted breadcrumbs on top, I want to eat those everyday. Last but not least. your George Burger IS MY FAVORITE THING YET.  My boyfriend kept eying my burger, wanting to steal it.  It was that good, people.  Cheddar, mustard, & leeks are truly a winning option on George's burger.Let's also talk about your record player that the servers gladly play with a smile.  I can't wait to return for some wonderful food, service, & beer. I love this English pub, right here in good ole Minneapolis.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/2/2013,182,132,5,7,7>Cap's is a great place to go and eat some BBQ.  They are very friendly with good service. They greet you when you came in and greet you when you are leaving, nice touch. They even have a cute little outdoor patio.I ate there today with my wife.  She had the Stacker (pulled pork sandwich) which was a MONSTER, she had no chance of finishing that by herself.  You can also get the Stacker as Tennessee Style which adds coleslaw to the top.   I had the Bootlegger which is an Angus Beef Brisket BBQ sandwich that was also really good.  I upgraded my fries to Onion Rings, they were fresh hand-dipped onion rings, not some frozen garbage. Even though we couldn't finish our meal, we saw a sign-  desserts: Apple Crisp and Peach Cobbler $4.50 with Ice cream and whipped cream!  How can you say no?  They aren't in the menu so I am not sure if they have them all of the time or not but the Apple Crisp was AWESOME!  The thing that I didn't like were the handwritten tickets that just shows their shorthand and a total price.  No itemization or way to verify your charges.  I like to look at my bill before paying.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/1/2013,203,560,4,6,6>I like Mickey's.  It's a local institution.  There's something satisfying about sitting down at the counter and striking up (or joining) a conversation with your fellow customers and the grill man.  Speaking of the grill man--this gentleman will be a true pro.  He (I've only observed males in this job) will move with practiced efficiency as he cranks out all kinds of orders for the whole restaurant, using only the tiny flat top and a couple of deep friers.  Poetry in motion.The menu is wide ranging.  Breakfast items are a strong suit but I tend to gravitate to the BLT, which is a perfectly old school BLT with a generous serving of bacon and a pile of fresh cooked fries on the side.  As I recall, the tariff for this sandwich is around five bucks, which is a fantastic bargain.Open 24 hours, and it gets busy at peak times (e.g. meal times and bar close).  Also, BRING CASH.  Mickey's accepts credit cards for your meal purchase only--you cannot leave a tip on a credit card.  And another thing--no take out.  Eat here or go home.  Why? Because, Mickey's.  That's just the way it is, and you'll like it.  Really, you will.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,12/28/2011,38,64,2,2,3>Oh Broders'.  Such an institution.  Which is why I really hate to give it four stars, it's like telling your grandma that you didn't like something she made for you to eat.That being said, mostly everything was great about Broders'.  I get a little peeved about having a wait if a restaurant doesn't take reservations, but Broders' stepped up to the plate and gave me the option of a little wine bar to grab a drink from while we waited for a table.  Big plus - especially considering that we had just walked out of Pizzeria Lola after being told it would be OVER an hour to seat a table of two.  Oh, and there was no "have a glass of wine while you wait" option.  We were seated in about 20-25 minutes, just enough time to finish a glass of wine.  The restaurant is quite small, but you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the table next to you.  Our bread came promptly - good tasting stuff but would have been super delicious had it been warm.  We started out with the gnoccho fritto.  Which were pretty much fried pieces of dough with parmesan cheese and cracked red pepper.  Think of them as Italian french fries.  Good, but nothing wow with them.  They'd be great if we were just stopping in for wine and a snack! Boyfriend got the steamed mussels for his appetizer.  Not being much of  a mussels fan myself, I can only go off his opinion.  The plate emptied quickly, there was no talking at the table while he ate - this means it was good.  Afterwards he said they were good quality mussels and the broth they were served in really went well with the mussels without overpowering them.Pasta is where Broders' really shines, and both of our entrees were perfect! Boyfriend got the tagliarini - a fettucini-type pasta with truffle pasta, prosciutto, and cream.  The price was almost as wonderful as the dish itself - $14.25 for a heaping serving of all that goodness!   I had the goat cheese ravioli with prosciutto and basil.  It was served in a light buttery sauce.  Very very good as well.  I believe most, if not all, of the pasta is made on site - so worth it.We had cannolis for dessert, and as much as I wanted to love them, I was underwhelmed.  There was too much orange zest in the filling for my taste, so I guess my quest for a delicious cannoli in the Twin Cities will continue.To sum it up - prices are very reasonable, both for food and wine.  They have a great kids' menu and the place seemed very kid-friendly.  Service was good, but nothing crazy.  I wouldn't go here on a weekend given the fact that they don't take reservations, but on a weekday for a bite to eat - it's perfect.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,12/27/2011,119,73,3,1,3>The Lexington is every bit as luxurious as the exterior suggests.  But don't you worry...although the dark, fabulous atmosphere screams old men's club, you need not wear your Sunday best.  (Although you shouldn't come out here in your scrubs...the old ladies will stare!)  The older crowd is endearing, and the food is scrumptious!  I recommend coming here for brunch, or happy hour.This place is also home to one of my all-time FAVORITE appetizers EVER.  "The Lexington Beans:  Fresh green beans blanched in oil then tossed with minced garlic, crushed red pepper, onion and our famous beans sauce."  And when they say famous, they mean DE-bleepin'-LICIOUS!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,12/22/2011,10,51,1,7,4>If you're in need of something incredibly unique and sexy, go to Flirt. This shop is a definite must if a girl wants something a bit more special than the stuff from the Victoria's Secret catalog.The items the shop offers come from all over and the sizing standards changes from country to country, so trying everything on is a must. The employees are incredibly knowledgeable and will give ideas or suggest an alternative size for those pesky European designers. New items come in weekly and once a season they have a sale.It's really nice to have a place that focuses on fun sex appeal with some class, without a huge dosage of cheesy costumes.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,12/21/2011,131,140,3,3,2>Most the time when I hear about a steak and fries pizza or a spicy burrito pizza, I wonder how this can possibly be good. Mesa is proof that you can pretty much put anything on a pizza and make it good, and I should have known that duh!The spicy chicken burrito is awesome and I really dig the Southern gentleman as well. Another winner here is the southwest taco, it's Mesa's take on a taco pizza and it's great, whatever this southwest sauce is, I want to buy a jug of it and put it on everything. You can either order pizza by the slice or you get a huge 20" pizza, there's no in between. I'll say off of personal experience a 20" pizza is bigger than what you imagine in your head, but 3 hungry people can easily put one of these down. Mesa also offers a good selection of vegetarian pizzas (whatever those are) for those who are on diets or something. Although I wouldn't put this up there with the best pizzas, I think they are the best at what they do and the pizza is honestly really good. Definitely worth a stop or 10! The staff here is great too!
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,12/20/2011,214,246,,2,1>3 words: Puppy Dog TailAh, the warm cinnamon goodness...and for a dollar? Yes please! And if you're really into breaking your diet, you can add as much melty white frosting as you want to your puppy dog tail or cinnamon bun.I had already had 2 cups of joe the day I stopped in, and it was sweltering outside (and inside), so I opted for an iced chai to wash down my puppy dog tail. I was a little disappointed, because although it had the sweetness, it lacked the spice I was looking for. If you decide to go sans puppy dog tail, perhaps it would satisfy your thirst and your sweet tooth all the same. But next time, i will likely opt for a caffeinated beverage made from some of their organic coffee beans. This place is tiny, so I wouldn't suggest planning on finding a table. There's usually a few parking spots right along 28th Street, so it makes it easy to get your puppy dog tail and be on your way.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,12/19/2011,413,275,8,7,6>Wow, Brasa is drop-your-fork-and-smack-yo-mama good. After reading the reviews, I decided that we needed at least more than 2 people to go. I invited another couple to go with and I'm so glad I did!! The menu is designed for sharing and sampling a variety of food.The atmosphere was interesting, it looked like it was an old car garage. There's a very casual feel to the restaurant. We ordered 4 peices of the chicken, a half rack of st. louis ribs, small plates of pulled pork and brisket. For our sides we ordered guacamole, collard greens with smoked turkey, and candied yams. We also ordered cornbread... oh the cornbread... I just want to crumble it up and swim in it.The food is flippin amazing. Every bite was to die for. The chicken was seasoned so well and it came with a tasty herb sauce. It's probably the best rotisserie I've ever had. The ribs were smoky and delicious. The pulled pork was soft and so flavorful. I would have loved it in a taco or if you were my friend, a bowl of rice.I'm in love with this place. And yes, I think I will marry it!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,12/18/2011,25,230,3,5,2>Since moving to Minneapolis, I have been wanting to try some East African food... Thankfully, my first experience at the Safari Express did not let me down.While walking through the Midtown Global Market, I saw a sign for a "camel burger".  I laughed to myself slightly because after seeing hundreds of camels during my time in the Middle East, eating one had never dawned on me.  Thus, out of sheer curiosity, I ordered one up.As I waited, the server graciously served me some sambusa and some chicken safran soup for free!  Both treats were absolutely delicious.  The camel burger that followed was remarkably lean and tasty. I will definitely be returning.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,12/17/2011,11,45,2,4,2>Wow, what a find! This place is a little hole in the wall in a shopping plaza, and I never knew it existed although I used to live around the corner. Shame on me!Some of my co-workers order from there all the time, and their sandwiches always looked like something I could easily make at home, so I wondered what the big hype was? One day we went there for lunch, and now I see why!Although their sandwiches look simple from the outside, just wait until you bite into one. You can immediately taste the freshness and time that went into preparing your hearty meal. I think their bread is the difference-maker. Two thumbs up on that from me.But the soup! Woo! Yes! Amen! I ordered the Chicken Enchilada - one of the best soups I have ever tried, no exaggeration. I would probably say it's in my top 5. I like hearty soups, this cup was just that. It was LOADED with black beans, white chicken breast, vegetables, and the absolute PERFECT amount of spices added to it. I like spicy food (again, I'm Jamaican, I have to like it), but I don't like food that's so spicy that it becomes painful to eat, and this dish held to that. On the other hand, it's hard to find "spicy food" that is actually "spicy" in good ole Minn-eee-sohh-taa haha. The Chicken Enchilada soup had the perfect equilibrium. You may get a slight glistening on your forehead, but you won't be scampering to the nearest waterhole.Because it's a hole in the wall, it gets very crowded during lunch time. We actually had to wait a few minutes for a table to clear, but I thought the food made up for it. Still got 5 stars from me!I will definitely be chipping in on the next delivery order to Ham's, my new favorite sandwich and soup shop in the cities.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,12/16/2011,209,965,3,4,3>Rice Park and its surroundings carry so many great memories. It's such an enchanting little park DT St. Paul especially at night.The park is a nice bonus to being in St. Paul. It's charming!Christmas tree lighting, ice rink, white lights, and the Peanuts characters all make this  such a lovely spot in the winter time. Can't forget the view of the beautiful good old LandMark Center where my prom was held back in High School. Nice memories, even if my date wasn't the most fondest of memories.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,12/16/2011,86,304,10,6,5>I can say, without question, that June properly prepped me for a week-long foray into Manhattan. I packed almost every piece of clothing I've ever purchased from June into an Iranian-princess-sized suitcase last week and prayed that I was going to pass sartorially in the city that prides itself on its style sense.I passed. Big time. I got a bazillion compliments on my clothes, and enough dirty stares that I began to pleasantly assume the ladies of NYC were wicked jealous I had compiled such a fierce wardrobe. They would have been even more pissed had they known that I paid so little for it.Sha. Zam.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,3/25/2012,139,324,,3,4>I am super excited to get to be the first review on this one!! We went to NE Social for dinner and found out that Eat Street Social opened tonight, so we came down for cocktails and dessert. Walked in to see every hipster in MPLS and one of my favorite bartenders in the city. Fun! Great cocktail menu (Bittercube guys and Jesse from the Inn - awesome). The menu is similar to NE Social, but still different enough to make it its own thing.  The dessert menu is really interesting and they have what may be the best lactose-intolerant-friendly dessert I have had since discovering my intolerance. Rum baba with Italian meringue on top and a side of diced tropical fruit with pink peppercorns.Yum!!  This is not a cozy, quiet place.  It is loud and boisterous.  Really good vibe, just a little hard to hear, if you are looking for a conversation.  They did a fantastic job remodeling this space.  I have a feeling this is going to be one of those "places you bring out-of-towners to show them how cool Minneapolis is" joints.  If you like NE Social and you miss the Inn, you will love this place!
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/24/2012,87,290,5,3,3>The MS Market is quality co-op. It has inspired me to reduce my review footprint:PROS- Plenty of the expected local, organic and natural products- Plenty of local meats, etc. (many of which are butchered at their secondary location on West 7th)- Good member and non-member deals that run bi-weekly- Fairly good produce selection- Nice deli with a fair amount of prepared items available (menu items change daily and can be found online)- Not terribly pretentiousCONS- Some items are very over-priced- Countless charitable organizations looking for donations are always camped out here (which are always good causes, but it's annoying when you're asked for $10 a month for a year each time you leave this place)Off to go eat some granola in my Prius.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/23/2012,20,293,4,6,5>There is that moment of panic when the food set down in front of you is unrecognizable, and you realize you have no idea how to go about eating it.  On top of that I didn't order it.  The "food" was heads of something scaly and tentacled.  I'm a pretty bold eater, it's just that I assume heads are mostly things that are either way too hard or way too soft for pleasant consumption (I once ate in one bite the whole head of a squid, but a squid has no bones or exoskeleton).But I asked and it turned out they were the remains of the shrimp I had already consumed in my sushi, and as I was the only person in this whole large restaurant, the sushi guy fried them up special for me.  That mystery was solved but another remained - all in one bite?  Just the brains but not the shell?  Just the shell but not the brains?  I picked and fussed, it wasn't pretty, or good, but I appreciated the chef's effort.My second lunch here was the Lunch Bento, a lot of fantastic food for only $15, including the main event, Shrimp Tempura.  After the Miso soup and ginger salad, a fun multi-sectional plate arrived, like the plastic plates I feed my kids with, but holding much tastier fare, including a really enjoyable seaweed salad with sesame dressing.  For dessert I had Mochi Ice Creams, a green tea and a mango.  This is no ordinary ice cream, it comes super cooled, in a ball encased by pounded sticky rice, fantastic.I have never had a meal at a Japanese restaurant that I did not adore, reinforcing my ill conceived stereotype of the Japanese as perfect (of course there was that Fukushima reactor problem, but that tsunami was a tough break).  Anyone know of a Japanese place I can try that will break my perfect streak?
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/22/2012,61,275,11,8,7>I just stopped in at Crossroads and paid $10 for an egg salad sandwich to go.  The entire drive home I berated myself for being so foolish with my money.  Ten dollars!  For egg salad!Then I got home and ate it and I'll be damned if that sandwich wasn't worth every freaking penny.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,3/21/2012,75,71,4,1,1>Dear Uptown Cafeteria, Your establishment has made me  wonder why I bother working out, running, or doing anything athletic. I had the privilege of devouring your Buttermilk Fried dinner. Though I enjoyed the dinner the love handles that protruded the next morning are most distasteful. I think the addition of Buffalo friend shrimp also increased my proportions, but that is inconclusive. Besides the delicious food, I appreciated your friendly staff, loud decor and kitsch factor. Neon colors mixed with pastels! Funny food names! Crazy drinks! All were a delight. I do have one complaint Cafeteria, and that is the annoying trivia night. There was no sign outside indicating that a trivia night was being held, and having dinner with a loud announcer screaming obscure questions did not pair well with my chicken. I get the Cafeteria is still a bar, but who starts quizzo so early? No one is even drunk enough to enjoy it? So in conclusion. Service ok, Decor good, food GREAT. Trivia night, Boo.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,3/20/2012,99,297,3,5,3>This past week I walked into Bun Mi and looked at their menu board.  Of course I was just glancing for my favorite- the fried tofu banh mi- but was taken aback by how unobservant I had been."Has the menu always said 'sandwich mi or wrap mi'?"  Well it hasn't.Bun Mi has updated their menu and now have all their sandwiches in a wrap option.  Their wraps are good, with most everything from the sandwich.  And they now have an asian slaw side.  The slaw is tangy/sweet with an abundance of cilantro.Besides their new wraps, they also have two new options: the kogi pulled pork and thai chicken curry.  Just when I thought Bun Mi could never outdo their fabulous fried tofu and addictive french fries, they add new options and rock my world.  I'm reeling from these new additions to my all time favorite restaurant!
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,3/19/2012,39,49,3,4,3>Leo's is tiny, but charming. Located on historic Main Street in Stillwater, it's a must if you're shopping for antiques, or just down by the river for a stroll. Whether you're outdoors in the summer (they have patio seating, plus a walk up window for ice cream), enjoying fall colors or the charm of Stillwater during the holidays, Leo's is a great place to stop for a bite.Last time I went, I tried the Muchos Leo's burger--topped with jalapeno peppers, white onions, and pepperjack cheese, and served with a side of chipotle mayo. It had just enough of a kick without being overpoweringly spicy.And obviously, you can't leave without trying a malt--they have 20 flavors, as well as 8 deluxe malts (flavors like cookie dough, turtle, death by chocolate, etc). They usually give you enough to share so splitting one is definitely enough!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/18/2012,35,28,6,4,2>Every time I have something to celebrate, and sometimes when I don't, I head to Birchwood. It is hands down my favorite restaurant in Minneapolis. It was made for someone like me - local, sustainable ingredients, and a constantly changing menu. I get bored frequently and rarely order the same thing twice when I go out to eat. Birchwood changes their menu almost weekly, so I'm always in for a surprise.Brunch at Birchwood blows my mind. They have SAVORY waffles? Quite the original concept. I even break my limits and order eggs here, since I know they come from a responsible farm and they make them taste so darn good.  My favorite night is always Sunday, when they have a burgers n' beer special. Two huge burgers and an oversized pitcher of Surly for 30? Can't beat that.  However, the item that will ensure my loyalty long into the future is their VEGAN GLUTEN-FREE PUMPKIN DONUT. In the words of Steve Jobs, "Oh wow, oh wow, oh wow." I will probably die saying the same thing, since one of these will be in my hand as I take my last breath. So unbelievably good.Long story short, go eat here. You will fall in love with all the vegetables and interesting flavor profiles.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,3/17/2012,16,83,,4,1>I tried She Royal for the first time and could not be happier. The guy was so friendly and helpful that when he saw the torn look on my face when trying to decide between the chicken curry and the vegetarian sampler he had them make me a combo of both. It really was one of the best lunches that I've had. All these lovely colorful items arranged in rows on a little paper tray, chicken curry over basmati rice, collard greens, split peas and then a row of red lentils with pitas on the side. Everything was nicely seasoned and flavorful. AMAZING meal and only $7. Not a meal that you expect to come out of a food truck. I will definitely be going back.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,3/16/2012,66,157,5,3,4>If there's one thing that my dog probably hates more than going to the vet it would have to be getting a bath.  There was a time, not too long ago, when I could easily pick him up and place him in my tub but sadly that time has passed.  After many trips to the Minnehaha off leash park and swims in the oh-so-clean Mississippi river I decided it was time for my stinky little furball to get fresh and clean.  A simple spray down with the outdoor garden hose would not suffice.  I received a Yelp deal for this place as a gift and decided to bring my pup in for an end of summer cleaning.  It wasn't too busy in the store since it was a Saturday afternoon and street parking was free since it was the weekend.  The workers helped me get everything set up in the wash area and brought over all the necessary supplies needed to give my pup a thorough cleaning.  It was also nice that they had long smocks for me to use; otherwise I might have needed a bath after this experience.  One of the store employees helped explain to me how to use the dryer when I was finished spraying down my pooch.Although my dog loves water and to go swimming this wash session reaffirmed to me his absolute hatred of baths.  Thankfully the workers here were helpful with getting me situated and trying to make it a somewhat enjoyable experience for Dexter by giving him treats while I hosed him down.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2008,5/30/2009,89,213,6,8,8>best hommus in minnesota. no other place can come close to this hummus. luckily they sell it in whole foods when i dont have the energy to get the real deal. i dream of the hummus. and the garlic tahini. untouchable
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,5/29/2009,131,140,2,6,6>O Yea, the Silver Butter Knife Steak is sooo worth the $$$. It has to be the one of the best I've ever had, if not THE best steak. Actually I don't even think it's steak, it's like candy steak. Not a place to go every weekend unless you're friggin' rich, but it's cool for a special occasion once in awhile, I would say it's even a good place for a date. I think the decor is very cool because they probably haven't changed it in years, it's almost got the mobster type of feel, at least to me it does. The wine list is huge but I can't help much with that because I just get the house Merlot so I can stay a little trashy. Love this place!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,5/28/2009,36,404,4,6,6>I went here with my friend Annette for a mid-week lunch on a sunny day. Yes! Exactly what I wanted! I had the Cuban sandwich-my first and this will be the touchstone for the future.  My friend loved loved the brie and mushroom sandwich she got. Two sandwiches, a pot of pickles, a diet coke and tea came to seventeen bucks. Not too bad-nice area. BTW, I did stop here before once on March 14th, for Pi day and got a piece of banana cream pie to share with my husband. A little runny, but tasted really good! Cheeky Monkey is a great addition, and I love the wine store next door.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,5/27/2009,25,54,1,3,5>I went here for dinner with my 10 year old daughter. She loved it! I loved it! The services was very fast, the staff were great . They made sure to tell my daughter that they were making our pizza as she watch, then chatted with here while they made it. I like when people acknowledge her, it makes me think she is truly welcome in a place where she is the only kid around. As for the food, we ordered 2 kinds of pizza and a salad.  The pizzas were great, the toppings were fresh. The salad was fresh as well, very simple but delicious. One of my new favorite places for a quick bite.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,5/26/2009,9,50,6,6,7>Having just reviewed the restaurant two doors down from Izzy's, I figured I'd review the experience I had here.This ice cream is heavenly. If God himself eats ice cream, he definitely gets it at Izzy's. The ice cream here is so smooth and delicious, it's slightly addictive. If Izzy's were closer, it would be dangerous to my health.It's expensive ice cream, to be sure, but it's worth every penny. You'll know where that extra money went when you're downing one of their cones filled with ice creamy goodness. Oh, and the sorbets here are crazy smooth, which is a wonderful quality to have in a sorbet. You'd be surprised how hard it is to find a good sorbet around here.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,5/24/2009,36,44,2,11,9>Having several neighborhood hangouts within walking distance of home is something I love about living in Seward. I've got my coffeehouse (2nd Moon), my cafés (Birchwood, Seward, Clicquot Club), and a handful of good restaurants (including Pizza Luce, True Thai, the Himalayan). And then there's Tracy's. Tracy's Saloon is one of those well-worn, comfortable places where everyone is welcome. Nothing fancy, it's just a friendly place to grab a stool or sink down into a booth. My beverage of choice is beer. And on that count, Tracy's offers a nice variety, including pints of local favorites Summit and Surly. More surprising, the menu features a wide selection of well prepared sandwiches and entrees. Not gourmet, mind you, but several notches above your average bar food. Only once have I been disappointed. The meat on the last Rueben I had at Tracy's was incredibly tough. I go back and forth between the Club, the Rueben, and patty melt. Plus they offer free popcorn, a good array of specials, and tater tots. Yum. For all those reasons--did I mention its proximity to home?--Tracy's has become a favorite spot to spend an evening hanging out with neighbors and friends.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,5/23/2009,42,108,5,8,7>I can't believe I haven't reviewed Evergreen yet.  It was the first restaurant I visited in the Twin Cities.  One word: YUM!  This place is vegetarian/vegan heaven.  They have the best mock meats in town.  I highly recommend the vegetarian sweet and sour chicken, vegetarian beef in garlic sauce and especially the pepper fried mock pork.  The mock pork dish is loaded with basil and hot peppers and is honestly one of the best things I have ever eaten.  The ambiance is seriously lacking at this joint, so I recommend getting take-out.  I have several meat-eater friends who also love the mock meats so on occasion we do Evergreen/TV nights at my house.  It's the best.One warning:  The food is so good that you will be tempted to stuff yourself.  This will result in the "Evergreen sickies".  You have been warned!
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,5/22/2009,95,217,7,8,9>For years I'd been fond of killing time outside Manny's Steakhouse during special events at the Hyatt. I'd look at the black and white photos of past customers and secretly despise the place. It was mostly out of jealousy because I never really thought I'd eat there. I was a woman of the people, dammit, and smug, privileged smugness would always be beneath me. Fast-forward to about a year ago when I took my then-boyfriend to Manny's. It was a special occasion, I had some dough, and Marxism is so last century. Due to bad traffic and a smidge of bad planning, we were over an hour late for our reservation, but since it was an early dinner on a weekday night, it wasn't a problem. We were seated in a corner and got a great view of the rest of the restaurant. We found the atmosphere calming and chic. Our waiter wheeled out a cart of cuts and gave a little speech about that night's offerings. We ended up getting the bacon appetizer (among several huge appetizers ordered without proper appreciation of Manny's portions). I thought we'd get strips, but we got a delicious, indulgent mass of meat, fat and grease. I dream about this bacon. The steaks themselves were phenomenal. I'm sure if I was willing to spend $50 more, I would have ordered another sirloin. Dishes were cleared with lightning speed; one employee was just there to scrape crumbs off the tables. He was surprisingly discreet in performing this task.One thing I did not like was how the waiter preferred to talk to my boyfriend, or to me through my boyfriend. He asked my boyfriend what I was ordering, why we were there, if we needed more drinks, etc. Even though I paid for the meal, the waiter handed the receipt folder to my boyfriend. I recognize that this is a minor quibble, and might only apply to a waiter who may or may not work at the restaurant anymore, but if I'm taking care of a Manny's Steakhouse-sized tab, I think it's reasonable to expect some attention.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,5/21/2009,132,286,,4,5>Not a bowler, ended up here for a birthday celebration.  A STRIKE for the Memory Lanes putting up a damn good band in the midst of the bowling lanes, even allowed the non-bowler to have a good time. A solid 4, for a unique and novel experience.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,5/20/2009,240,322,4,5,4>Unexpedtedly good food and good fish for an indoor stall in an indoor market. The crab cakes are MEATY and flavorful - fancier places trick you with a lot more filling in theirs. The grilled fish tacos are very tasty. The taco and tortillas are fresh. If you ask for their extra hot sauce you will first be asked if you are sure you want it for it is very hot. I can handle hot you will say. You will get a not very generous portion of hot sauce with complex flavors that will leave you pining for more. One time I had the daily special that consisted of a whole fried fish - served with the head on. The owner/chef reminded me definitely have the head since that's where the flavors hide. My skills are deficient in that area so I left it alone. The fried fish was served with a side of rice and fries. The fries were soooperb...I think I know how the sirena got gorda.  The tres leches, when they have it - made from the chef' grand-mother's recipe - is the best I've ever tasted.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,2/12/2012,43,166,2,5,3>I love the Shed and can't get enough!  If your goal is to earn that coveted back sweat, this is your place to do it!  Seriously, uh, that used to be my goal.  Ridiculous yes, accomplished?  Yes.I discovered the Shed thanks to the Yelp Fit Club event.  Once again Yelp is changing my life! First let me say, I am not a workout buff by any means so don't be intimidated by this place.  There's a pretty good variety of all ages, shapes, and sizes in every class.  The instructors are all very welcoming and friendly while encouraging you to push yourself to your limit.  Which you will.  I've never sweat so much in my life.  I thought I had, but no, I hadn't.  Don't forget your sweat towel, you'll need it!What keeps me coming back?  It's fun!  Even though you're getting your butt kicked you're having a good time.  Before you know it you'll be back for more!The only downside is that it's kind of pricey.  But considering that I was paying $60 a month for the Y membership which I barely used, I figure it's worth it if I'm actually excited about working out.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,2/11/2012,37,154,,4,4>Let me say this first of all - I'm not a person who has been to a ton of tattoo shops in my time and had tattoos done, rather I'm someone who has stopped by a lot of tattoo shops and thought about having tattoos done but never get them done for some reason or another. All I'll say is that one of the reasons I usually do not get them comes down right to the shop, it's employees and it's cleanliness. I've been to the shops that have "Great" reviews, but when I walk in I'm greeted as if I'm not cool enough to be there because I lack a few dozen tattoos . . . or my idea is too abstract - "It's your tattoo, man - it's up to you what you do, I can't help you figure out the flow it" . . . . uhm, hello - aren't you the tattoo a-r-t-i-s-t? So over time and visits to difference shops, I've grown to be quite picky . . . and tattoo's are constantly alluding me. No longer. My husband and I were referred to Twilight though a couple of his coworkers, both had previously had tattoos done by Charlie Forbes at the shop. So, one day when we were out checking out shops and finding ourselves disappointed, we remembered this one and stopped in. First of all, the shop is great looking - it's in an older brick building and it has a gate style door, once you walk in you see wonderful COLORFUL artwork on the bright orange walls. Immediately Twilight is more welcoming than the typical Gothic style of many other shops in the Twin Cities area. After looking around more, it's not only colorful but ridiculously clean. A great thing for a tattoo shop to be. The next step in checking out a tattoo shop is talking to an artist - right? You're going to talk to this person you've never met and you don't know from Adam . . . and really, you're sharing something that's personal to you - an idea or image you want engraved into your skin for FOREVER. It's pretty darn essential that you're comfortable with them and that they can "get it" - you know what I'm saying? For me, if I'm not comfortable talking to an artist about my idea, there is no way in hell I'm going to sit there and let them dig it into my skin. My husband and I both went in with our ideas - his is for a sleeve that includes his family crest, Ireland, Minnesota, a bible verse and a Celtic cross . . . mine much simpler - two sparrows on my upper forearm. Both tattoo's were black and grey ideas, and mine leaning towards wanting a very traditional feel. We spoke with Charlie and instantly we clicked - he got our ideas, he wasn't afraid to voice his ideas regarding them and it all just fell onto the right page. We went back later in the week to see the initial artwork - which was faster than other artists had said they could get anything done or even meet for a consultation - and it was all AMAZING. I do not think Charlie could have hit the nail on the head better with my husbands ideas - his drawings were perfect. For me, he drew something a little bit crazier than I initially wanted - but it was gorgeous never the less and completely unique - if I had the balls I would've gotten it exactly how he drew it because it was GREAT. But I ended up having him dial it back to just the two sparrows. I just got the sparrows done this last Friday - they are beautiful. I will upload a picture of them for you all to see. Charlies work was fast, clean and super clear and sitting there for an hour or so with him isn't awkward or lacking in conversation. He is super personable and friendly, which is helpful to put people at ease if they're a bit jumpy or nervous. Be sure to check out all the original artwork in the shop - a lot of it is Charlie's - he paints beautiful original pictures and then encases them in resin and makes his own frames. Got a tattoo idea? Go to Twillight, ask for Charlie. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,2/10/2012,95,217,9,4,2>I've endured the long lines, the cash-only policy and the cramped quarters, and this is still a five-star review.Don't like the space? Turn around and leave. You won't suddenly start to enjoy it when you're shoveling hot food into your mouth and hungry people are drooling on your shoulder.The employees get it done. They do not hand out customer satisfaction surveys or get demerits for not smiling. This is not a Perkins in Shoreview; this is a diner on the mean streets of m-fkn Dinkytown.Other reviewers have covered the unofficial rules. I'd like to add one more that might put me on a hate list or two: Don't bring little kids. Yeah, yours are angels, everyone else's are trouble, blah blah blah. It's not about THEIR behavior. It's about how miserable THEY will be. The diner is tiny and dark; it's unforgiving. A baby could probably deal with it. Ambulatory children, not so much.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,2/9/2012,47,138,3,7,5>Museum's are pretty much my most favorite thing in the whole world, however I realize that they are not *everyone's* favorite thing. That being said I think everyone would find something to enjoy here. The Minnesota History Center does a great job of making what could be dull and boring information accessible and interesting for everyone. The Greatest Generation exhibit is one of the greatest exhibits I've ever seen period. The MN150 exhibit does a great job of illustrating the weird and wonderful place we live. It covers everything from Atmosphere to Rollerblades in a cohesive and non-overwhelming way. They are also free on Tuesday nights which makes for a great date night.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,2/8/2012,25,59,13,3,6>I think about the fair year round. I am a fat kid at heart and only a slightly fat kid in real life (IRL!). To be honest with you, I could go on about the fair for a century. And a half. Three centuries even, but I would die first. Frick yeah, you need to get 1919 Rootbeer. I buy them over real beers. Blasphemy? Nuh-uh. You take a sip of a 1919 and tell me it's not better than any beer you've had. EVER. E-V-E-R. I digress. I can't say no to a Pronto Pup. I can never say no to a tiny, yet heart-stopping basket of cheese curds from the huge curd stand with the yellow sign and mouse. They are the best, most salty bits of heaven ever deep fried! You must have the corn on the cob dunked in a vat of oily butter (You better recycle that damn cob, too!). Get the beer on a stick from the Summit stand in the International Bazaar if you're into REAL beer... mmm, 1919. Oh, yeah. Errrm. Rock out a frozen apple cider in the horticulture building. Sweet Martha's cookies are a given. Waltz to the mama cow stand and drink some all you can drink milk with those chocolately, gooey, warm cookies. DO NOT DROP THEM. (Bring a tupperware in your reusable bag to properly contain the 16,000 excess cookies they stack atop your cone!) Deep fried pickles. Gee, hold up a minute whilst I mop up this puddle of drool!This is a terrible review because I cannot form coherent thoughts when it comes to the state fair. When I'm there I walk innumerable miles and eat thousands of delicacies. I also go into every barn, building, and stand. Do it for yourself. Get over the scent of animal poo. The cute baby animals make up for it! You owe it to yourself to see the infinite number of beautiful animals. Go to the fair. Be patient--you'll need it. Bring water. Bring an umbrella. Wear comfy shoes. Bring a bag. Bring hundreds of dollars.Leave your pride at the gate. It is not welcome here!
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,2/6/2012,87,302,1,16,6>I had been meaning to start yoga in earnest ever since getting back to MN (you know, three years ago...), and finally decided to take the plunge at One Yoga.They just acquired a new space behind the CC Club and I have to say, it's beautiful. Soft soothing colors, cork flooring downstairs/soft wood upstairs, plenty of mood lighting, and good changing space. They also have great art and comfy furniture to rest on if you're around for more than one class.I've so far tried: Vinyasa (with Margie), Yin (with Amanda), Restorative (with Margie as well), Basics (with Jessica), and I've had Ben as a sub for a couple of classes as well. Classes:Holy variety. There will be something for everyone here. Total beginners will be inspired by new styles they may not have heard of before, like Yin (5 minute supported poses to stretch connective tissues), Restorative (a relaxing nap-time for big people), Ashtanga (dying to give this a go), Yoga Nidra (quite literally nap-time), Sivananda (amazing), and also gentle yoga for rehab or people who need an ease-into-it approach. There are also meditation and chanting (mantra) classes. I haven't gone to any of these; I'm not sure I will, as I dunno if I'm that in need of some sattva.Teachers:Margie's just frickin cool. The woman is OM-incarnate, and she's super sweet and helpful. Jessica is very dedicated to helping you get your alignment just right and helping you establish your comfort zone. Amanda's Yin class is revolutionary; her calm soothing voice really helps you stand all 5 minutes of each occasionally excruciating asana hold. Though I haven't gone to one of his classes on purpose, Ben's a very mellow and sweet person. I'll admit to being a bit leery of dudes as hands-on teachers, but he's so gentle and full of metta that I just can't help but love him a little. I'll be going to his classes from now on.Cost/value stuff:They give new kids a free week, so try everything. I mean it. Go to whatever you can. It'll totally be worth it. After the free week, they have a reduced price for your first month pass, and then if you elect to auto-pay from then on, it's cheaper as well. I honestly think it's a great value. Unless you're totally sold on doing one specific style of yoga and only one, you can't find a better place.Atmosphere/other students:People are just really nice. There aren't those people I like to call yoga bitches (both males and females can be, FYI) and there really aren't the uber-athletes just there to show off either. Everyone's pretty calm and collected, and you probably will make a couple friends, or at least some smile-back peeps. Considering how crowded it can be on a weekend, you will have to shed some inhibitions of putting your ass in other people's faces, but hey. That's what yoga's about. Bringing your awareness inwards (so you really won't care!)Etc:Great mix of workshops. Nice series classes to get you familiar with styles, alignment, mediation, insight energy work (a little woohoo for me, but it's still kinda cool), and also some interesting stuff about the yoga of eating and other things.Hints:Get there early-ish if you can, especially on a weekend. They have pretty much everything you'll need to practice, so don't let lack of a mat keep you from going. Wear socks because you take your shoes off at the door, and this time of year it's pretty soggy by the shoe racks. Stick around through the whole of savasana (corpse pose); your body will thank you for the rest and you will feel nice and relaxed on your way home.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,2/4/2012,115,154,,10,7>I have been waiting for more coffee shop options on University that aren't part of a large chain.  Especially ones in the Midway area.  We finally have one, on Fairview, across from the Goodwill Store, and owned by one of the nicest folks I've met in a long while.  It's a cute location.  The atmosphere is warm, there is a wide variety of snacks and even lunch options.  The espresso drinks I've had thus far have been dead-on perfect, and Lucy's is already looking to be a gathering spot for the nonprofit community - due to the many offices located in Griggs-Midway Building. I'm keeping my fingers crossed this little cafe stays open a very long time :)
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,2/3/2012,46,60,8,10,11>Scotch drinkers, rejoice! When Merlin's Rest says they have the most comprehensive list of Irish and Scotch Whisky in all of Minnesota, well, they really mean it! And be it a tasting of said whiskys at their first Thursday of the month tastings, or a private tasting for two, they'll make sure you have a grand old time. And on a record-breakingly warm January evening, they did just that for my SO and me.Picture the scene:  husband's birthday coming up, Kali has just moved to Minnesota, and has no clue what to do with the man! All she knows is that he likes Scotch, and the list better be longer than your average Macallan, Glenmorangie and Talisker. Cut to Kali typing frantically on Yelp.com. "Yelpers," she typed furiously. "I need your help! Husband needs dranky dranxxxx, give me whiskies! Give me MOAR whiskies! NOWWWW!!"Cut to many helpful suggestions and three anxious phonecalls to various owners of fine drinking establishments later, Kali calls Merlin's Rest: "I hear you guys have an incredible selection of whiskys! Can you do a private tasting?". And from that moment on, proprietor Lee Tomlin rose to the occasion magnificently. Not only did Kali feel like she was in safe, knowledgeable whiskey-knowing waters, but in between nuggets of wisdom "if you're in a relationship with a Scotch drinker, you know that there are limitations to their tolerance of smokey and peaty", a tasting of six fine single-malts, where Lee would guide us through the swirls of golden and amber armed with his tasting notes from previous tastings, and   the pub's famed Whisky Bible, was organized, and the SO and Kali were all set and ready to go.Cut to Kali and the SO arriving at Merlin's Rest an hour after they said they would. Lee, greets them warmly, and presents, as a little surprise for the surprise tasting, a gentleman named Dennis. Dennis? "Dennis is one of the guys who leads our tastings every month, he just happened to be available, so I called him in to guide your tasting." Cut to Kali's jaw dropping open. A pub-owner going above and beyond? It cannot be!But Dennis it was, and a knowledgeable, entertaining, thirst-quenching evening was had by all as the SO and Dennis worked their decided way through  measures of Arran Sassicaia, Scapa 16, Glenfarclas 105, Mortlach 15, Royal Lochnagar and Old Puteney 21. Arran was decided as the star of the evening with the Glenfarclas 105 and Old Puteney 21 vying for second place. Interspersed throughout this montage of swirly swirls and appreciative grunts: Lee and server James checking up on the drinkers, warmly and regularly.Climax: Kali sweating bullets as thoughts of $$$ play on her mind, until she gets the check and is very pleasantly surprised. Hearts and heads singing, Kali and SO step out into the warm January night, thoroughly impressed with Merlin's Rest.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,2/1/2012,151,116,8,6,2>As soon as I heard about YogurtLab I knew I was a goner. I didn't realize how HUMONGOUS of a goner until I stopped by tonight.  When I made my new years resolution to try to cut out processed sugars I should have said "except when it comes to fro yo" because then I wouldn't have had to break it once and continue to break it for the foreseeable future.The variety was truly astounding.  Dark chocolate, cupcake (like red velvet), peanut butter, vanilla latte, rocky road, a variety of fruits, and most importantly SALTED CARAMEL.  Did you hear me? SALTED CAAAARAMEL. Okay, sorry I will control myself from now on.The toppings were just as wonderful.  The typical fruits, cereals, crushed candy bars, etc but ALSO chocolate covered chunks of waffle cone, marshmallow sauce, kashi cereal, sea salt, cinnamon, and many more!  I tried to be good since I was on a "diet" so mine only rang up to $3 and some change and I was more than satisfied.  To put it briefly, I am in love.  And in trouble.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,1/31/2012,92,104,5,7,6>Thanks to Bibelot, my house smells uh-mazing. I could buy out their supply of yummy-smelling, locally made, natural candles. They have a little bit of everything at Bibelot, miscellany that will make your house feel like a home, from colorful sponges and Minnesota-wood cutting boards to Christmas ornaments and bath + body products. It's great for gifts (for someone else or for yourself!), and the staff is really helpful. If they don't have something at that particular store, they'll search the other stores to help you find what you're looking for. And the MPR Member Connect discount makes it even more rewarding to shop here! This particular location is a little tight in terms of space; sometimes it feels like a sea of inventory stuffed into a small space. Every once in a while, I find myself wishing they'd go for a little more depth and a little less breadth in their products, but as soon as I think that I find something perfect that I wouldn't have thought to buy had I not seen it here. So...I guess their retail strategy works! I just can't stay away :)
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,3/20/2010,128,296,6,12,6>The Lakeside Club does for red meat and fried delights what dive bars do for cold beers and pounding shots.It's been family owned since 1946 and is a shining example of what it means to be a small-town, Midwestern hangout.  My parents moved to the teeny little super haven of Mahtomedi, MN in the 70's and ate at this restaurant when my mom was pregnant with me.  Now I'm pregnant and decided it would be interesting cultural exposure to drag my non-Minnesotan husband in here a couple weekends ago.Safe bets say the selfsame wood paneling that's still on the wall today was there back then too.  Sitting in the dining room and coming to that realization made me feel nostalgic over the passage of time (although that could have just been pregnancy hormones).  But anyway, knowing in advance the sort of restaurant this was going to be (meat, meat, starchy fried stuff, more meat), I ate as little during the day as I could safely get away with and tanked up on fresh veggies and fruit before stopping in.  Warm, complementary bread is served with every meal and we also ordered the fried cheese curds because neither of us were feeling strong enough to say no (and in a place like this, you don't say no).  My husband ordered the prime rib (which I can't stand but he said was phenomenal) and in a moment of cheapskate driven angst, I backed down from ordering a steak and opted for the sirloin burger instead.  It was hand-formed and came with the option of onions mixed into the patty or no.  I'm anti-onion so went without, but I'd be very curious to hear what an onion-lover would have to say about their burger.  Steaks come with a house salad and the blue cheese dressing my husband ordered was of the high-octane variety.  I'm surprised he didn't lick the bowl when he finished.  :)A few important things to keep in mind while dining at the Lakeside Club:  1:  Don't judge a book by its cover.  Just because the dining room is outdated and the citified amongst us may feel that the staff are dressed more appropriately for doing yard work than schlepping food and drinks, keep in mind that all the meat is choice so you won't pay any less for your steak than at any other steakhouse.  2:  If you're not from the immediate locale, mapquest this bad boy before you try to find it.  And keep in mind they're only open for dinner.  It might be a good idea to call ahead and make sure somebody's there.3:  Forget your diet.  Chances are high you'll be one of the smaller people in the dining room anyway.  I'm big, fat and pregnant right now and found this to be true.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,3/19/2010,129,109,9,6,2>Walked right in at lunch (and let me tell you, there is no better way to give a figurative middle finger to your rye-cracker-and-yogurt-eating boss than to skip work for lunch at Matts) and sat down at the bar in front of the grillmaster. I made that word up, but I think its a fitting title. No wait, although there were no tables and no seats open after that. Drinks come in a can, and they serve DP, which is like two extra bonus points. They have ohhhh, four things on their menu? But the only two things you should actually be ordering are a jucy lucy and a basket of fries. Which is huge, FYI. But it gives you something to eat while your burger is cooling off. It does take quite awhile to get your burger, not gonna lie. But the grill man has that shit down to a science. He didn't leave his post once and answered all of our silly banter questions without taking his eyes off his station. They gave us an extra basket of fries because... they made an extra basket. Whoops. Bonus for us. Guess we looked extra hungry. Or extra pathetic and broke, one of the two. Although between the three of us (including one that eats for, like, three), we probably only finished a basket and a quarter. Stuffed, yo'. Deliciously stuffed.Didn't attempt the bathrooms. But as long as there are seats on the toilets and doors on the stalls, it's better than some dives I've patronized. And it even has windows, which is extra special in dive bar land.On a side note, I think they might be cash only.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,3/18/2010,15,46,1,4,4>Fresh and Natural Foods is a locally-run natural and organic grocery store with multiple locations in the Twin Cities area.  My recent shopping experience at the Plymouth store was very enjoyable.  Although the size of the store was limited, there was quite the array of product selection.  I was able to find many gluten free items throughout all departments of the store.  In addition to food items, there was a large selection of beauty products, cleaning supplies, and pet foods.I was surprised to find a self-serve section of various dried herbs, spices, soups, and food ingredients.  This is a great option for shoppers looking to buy only a small amount of a certain item for a recipe or tonic.  There was an entire aisle of just frozen food items.  They had a small deli-area in the back of the store where they make some soups and salads.I am very excited that there is this natural and organic grocery store in the northwest suburbs.  The organic and natural food sections at the local Cub Foods or Byerly's are just not broad enough.  I highly recommend a stop in this grocery mart!
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,3/17/2010,47,152,3,4,4>All I can say, is holy strong drinks. I don't know if this is the norm, but I actually had to ask the bartender to add some soda to my drink. He laughed and said that is how he liked them. However, I am not complaining. I sat  at the bar so I can't comment on the wait staff and I didn't eat dinner either. I came to drink. I will say, the dudes sitting next me had ordered dinner and their food looked delicious and amazing. Oh and I find the lady bolted to the top of the bar a bit disturbing, but amusing at the same time. She looks like she might take a chunk out of the bar. If that thing ever fell I would not want to be anywhere near it.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,3/16/2010,54,95,,4,4>This place was fantastic.  Went for the first time last night for a little date night, and wow.It wasn't like either of us pictured - I think we both thought it would be smaller for some reason, but it's actually a pretty large space with live music on Saturday nights.  Service was amazing.  I would literally take 3 sips out of my water glass, and someone would appear to refill it.  It was kind of funny after a whie.  Our waitress was also really helpful.My only complaint was that my salad had too much dressing on it, but I'm not a dressing lover and probably should have ordered it on the side anyways.  I had the jambalaya, he had the chicken saltambocca, and he practically licked his plate.  I ate the rest of mine for dinner tonight, and it was still delicious.  Key lime pie for dessert = fantastic.  We were still talking about it today, too.And - our bill was TOTALLY reasonable.  2 dinners (which both came with salads), dessert, and 4 drinks total = $68.  The drinks were relatively inexpensive!  I'm so glad we went.  Recommend, recommend, recommend!!
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,3/15/2010,154,274,6,7,5>At Khans,you are the decider of the fate of your plate.There is no chef you can holler at if you're disappointed.You pick the ingredients, the sauces, the spices, the hotness,and then you bring it to some hibachi dude to fry up.All they do is add peanuts,which is kind of a funny story in itself.As a first timer, I was unaware of the peanuts.Me and my buddy were up to get friedand the guy mumbled something I couldn't understand.So I did the Minnesota-nice thing and nodded my head and smiledwhile my friend went "uuuh sure".Then when he went to work on our plates,we both turned to each other and tried to figure out what he said.The funny part is that I would have loved some nuts on my plate,while my friend absolutly hates nuts in his dish.It's a neat concept.I like being in control of my food.I don't like some of the crap that you get in stir fryso it's nice to be able to go through a buffet of ingredients to come up with your own tasty concoction.We were the last people in the restaurantand I still found the choices of produce and meatto be rather fresh and worthy.It's a fun mealand it's also good for food skepticsthat aren't really sure about mongolian food or stir frybecause you get to see everything that goes in-or rather, you get to choose everything that goes in- even better!!They give you an appetizer to start out with.I wasn't too into any of it.There is some big fried chip thing with sweet and hot dipping sauce.Also a soup that is kind of icky as well.Then a gnarled, cold, weird chicken leg. . .ew.I ordered a tea to start out with that was absolutely delicious!!!!I can't remember what it's called, it starts with a "c" and is supposed to be good for colds and hangovers.It is the best tea I've ever had in my life!!!!!They top off your meal with a dessert.It's a steamy sticky bun with honey and sesame seeds inside.I wasn't too stoked on the seeds when I looked at it,but it tasted really good.The decor is fine.There is a full bar and loud dance music.It has a younger, modern feel for it,yet still has all the trimmings for a regular chinese restaurant.The service was nice.Our waitress was pleasant.I would recommend going here if you want a fun dining experience.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,3/14/2010,89,97,3,8,9>This joint is legit!  I've been meaning to try it for quite a while now and finally found the time this afternoon.  I rolled in at 2 pm and the place was full.  Granted, there are only a dozen counter stools and a couple tables.  I ordered the Chicago and the Drive- In which is a chili dog with coleslaw and cheese.  I think Uncle Franky's has a far better Chicago Dog but this one was still good.   The chili on the Drive-In was out of this world.  I think my favorite part about the place is the hand cut made to order fries.  They are hands down the best fries I've ever had. Two dogs, fries and a soda was only 8 bucks.  I'm definitely coming here more often.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,3/13/2010,949,964,11,6,5>Me at a vegan oriented restaurant. Wasn't this in the book of Revelations some place. Was dining with the Veg Week pack, hosted by Kedar D. and loved it. I got the mock beef with lemongrass, made of soy, tender, chewy pieces and I like chewy. Veg eggrolls oily, and I like oily, tasty and sauces are served in cute little ketchup and mustard bottles. Also liked the fried rice, a little salty, but I just didn't care. Plenty of leftover onions to take home and reuse. I tried my husbands  pepper mock pork, good but I liked mine better. I'm tempted to try real meat here but I'd feel like I was sinning.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,3/12/2010,13,116,4,3,4>quite possibly the greatest childrens book store ever.  full stop.if there were a version of this for grown ups there would be a nonstop sucking sound coming from my wallet. perhaps I should be grateful that there isn't.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,3/11/2010,39,332,,4,4>Good place for a long summer night meal. After seeing this place as we drove by a couple weeks ago I've been waiting to try it. It is in a pretty random location but now that I know where it is I'll stop by again I'm sure. We started with a bottle of wine from their list that is very good and reasonable at the same time. It seems they've spent a little time on this list to find things that are going to fit into a variety of budgets and palettes. Also Sundays - Thursdays are half priced bottles which even better than their already well priced wines. We tried a couple of the apps and we liked the both very much. We had the Mexican Bruschetta and the Calamari and they were both very well done and had good flavors. For our entree we split the pasta with tenderloin tips and it was also nicely done. It seemed like they added cilantro just to keep with their Latin theme, however it wasn't really needed. Other than that it was well cooked and tasted great. I would love to go back and do the same thing we did this time any other night this summer and hope we get the chance to very soon...
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,7/7/2011,154,274,2,12,3>My friend and I arrived to the restaurant 15 minutes before it closed.The women working told us not to worryand that they would still serve us.I ordered the chicken mole,it was so delicious, so flavorful,everything about it was absolutely perfect.Authentic in every way.The price was incredibly reasonable,I would have paid $5 more, gladly,for the flavor fiesta that was going on in my mouth.The decor is cute.It's a very clean restaurant.I hear that it is run by three sisters,so that makes me love this place even more.When my friends ask for good mexican food, this is where I sent them.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,7/6/2011,114,242,2,4,2>I have always done my own taxes and thought I could do our 1st year of marriage taxes.   Figuring if I can read a 706 how hard can it be to do personal taxes.    After spending several hours trying to figure out what I was doing wrong, I turned to P and said we need to go and have this done professionally.    Now enters Fox Tax ..... um I think I love you!!!!   First of all it is in a great area and next to I Like You! (a place to go a spend your return funds).  The art gallery in the lobby and throughout the high wall cubicles it great.   This is not your stuffy accounting or tax firm.   Everyone was great and friendly.    Plus they are extremely knowledgeable.    We got to work with Heather who was great and even gave us advice on setting up our LLCs and small tutorial on MN Sales tax.   HOW AWESOME!When we got done with the return she handed us it all on a disk with password protection that can be written on again next year.And yes we are coming back next year!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,7/5/2011,113,230,15,6,5>For the sober person, 2AM in Lyn/Lake can often feel like a David Lynch movie.  Sometimes Blue Velvet.  Sometimes Lost Highway.  Sometimes even Wild At Heart.  People say and do things that don't make sense.  It all becomes very surreal.  The drunker you are the more it will make sense.  For the sober person, it is all very entertaining and intoxicating.  Follow the rabbit.  Ride the snake. Eating at Dulano's will push this strange reality even further as you find yourself looking at  cattle skulls on the walls next to limited edition prints of snow cottage paintings, which is next to some weird USA decoration.  Mind = Blown.  The food is alright.  The waitresses are nice.  It's a strange trip and the people watching is good.Now for the drunk person after a long night of drinking, Dulano's is your post-2AM stop.  You find yourself out on the street because Cause Sound Bar just closed and kicked everyone out, yet you still be a bit tipsy and probably hungry.  Simply saunter into Dulono's.  For $10 you can get a decent small pizza (10 sober points) and all the water you can drink (20 sober points).  Let's be honest, you aren't here for the pizza, although it's actually pretty good.  You are here on a mission to achieve sobriety. Do the waitresses seem tired almost numb at this hour?  You would be as well.  They've seen it all before.   Tip them well, they deserve it for putting up with it.  In fact, if you are lucky, you might even see drama unfolding before your very eyes.  Mostly it's pretty calm and quiet, except for the loud drunks at the table across the room from you.  Pay them no mind lest you want to somehow get sucked into whatever bizarre, drunk conversation they are having.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,7/4/2011,34,40,,6,5>My boyfriend, who has been to Nepal and eaten Dal Bhat and Momos, says this place is almost exactly like what he was eating on his trek through the Himalayas. I believe him--it's peasant food, but peasant food has always been the most filling kind, not to mention some of the tastiest. It was noted that the Dal Bhat in Nepal is usually more diluted than what we had at this restaurant; this is because they need to make as many servings as they can out of as little as they can. All in all, it's really a place to check out if you're a fan of Indian or Pakistani food. The price point is fair and you'll walk out satiated. One thing that I really liked was the fact that after we finished our meal, the server brought over a tray of sweets for us to take for free. I'm not talking hard candy, I'm talking brownies and muffins and other delectable treats. I'll definitely be going back soon.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,7/3/2011,10,26,3,3,2>Tilia, WELCOME to the neighborhood!!Upon first "meeting" Tilia I was incredibly impressed with her decor and layout....it felt very inviting and cohesive.  I was stunned with the massive crowds at 6:15 in Linden Hills because that is just not something our neighborhood is used to.  We were told the wait would be over an hour and were thrilled with 45 minutes. The reason for the visit, the food! Unlike some of my fellow yelpers, all of my food was amazing.  We started with the fries and the gravalax---perfect combination!!  For dinner, I chose two sides--the beet salad and the brussels sprouts. Both dishes were phenomenal and worthy of repetition, but the beet salad was the by far the highlight of my meal! Needless to say, I will be returning and am excited to have such a great neighbor.  Tilia, it was REALLY nice to meet you!!
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,7/2/2011,6,76,3,8,4>Oh Steeple People - why can't I quit you?  Maybe it's the the convenient location on Lyndale?  The little old lady volunteers or other helpful volunteers who always help me out so much?  The sweet sales?  The furniture?  The home decor?  The kitchen stuff?  The nooks and crannies full of any used item a person could imagine?  The clothes?  The lamps?  The scarves?  The office supplies?  The old postcards and cards??  And all of it used and usually reasonably priced!I know, I know - it is all of this.  This is all why I find myself stopping short of my bus stop to peruse your selections too frequently and always coming away with some random thing that I either needed or did not need.Here is a sampling of some of my most recent Steeple People finds: 3 light wall lighting, cute vintage looking purse, a dry erase calendar, beautiful Indian scarf/shawl, leather vest!, gardening supplies, H&M skirt, and my absolute most favorite recent: a red utility pull wagon, which I pulled into the Wedge with me on my way home from Steeple People and then put my groceries in - I assure you, all of the stares were worth it.  Yup, Steeple People is awesome.  Just remember that like other used/thrift stores sometimes you've really got to look to get the good stuff and sometimes the prices are absolutely unreasonable but other times they are absolute steals! All you can really do is: check. it. out.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,7/1/2011,264,422,8,4,2>I have been blessed with a car at my disposal for this weekend, and I knew I had to go to a food place that's inconvenient for me otherwise to reach. In the interest of time (wasn't really feeling like driving to Cali for my fave Asian food) and due to the recency effect, I decided to head for Patisserie 46, which was highly recommended to me by Darshy at the Chillin' Like a Villain event. I mentioned that I love macarons, and those are the first thing you see in their display case of ridiculously P-H PHAT desserts and savory baked goods. I am an impatient person and hate it when people take forever to decide what to order when there's a line behind them, but I was unabashedly guilty of the same, because you just want to buy every single piece of artistry. Eventually, I "settled" for three pieces of macaron ($1.75/each), their sandwich of the day, and a cup of joe.The sandwich was braised pork tenderloin with peach, brie, and frisee and a touch of vinaigrette on french bread. It was heavenly. Well, since I question the concept of heaven nowadays, let's just say it's...er...Bali-ly, man. The bread was so fresh and so clean, clean (I couldn't resist it, could you?). Then inside the bread is a harmony of sweet, salty, and tangy: sweet peach, salty and creamy brie, and tangy frisee and pork. Epic. But, I came for the macarons. In the words of Barney Stinson, it was legen---wait for it, and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the next word is--DARY. Today, they had coconut macaron with mango and passionfruit filling, chocolate macaron with Earl Grey tea and chocolate ganache, and lime white chocolate macaron. My favorite was the lime white chocolate macaron. It tastes exactly how it's described, and it is SO good. So good it was, that I went back and bought two more. Lastly, I double-rewarded myself, because I can, and bought desserts to-go. The Religieuse is this literally beautiful dessert that's two cream puffs atop each other, and they have this dessert called "Ugly but Tasty" or something to that effect: it's meringue with pecans inside. Everything I had at Patisserie 46 is so consistently well-done and delicious, that slowly but surely, I just may try and go through that entire display case of desserts and breads.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,6/30/2011,20,293,6,4,7>Everyone in our 6 person party was very happy.  My wife and I especially were dazzled by the fried shrimp appetizer.I had the $32 nori encrusted sirloin w/ ponzu.  You can tell by my gauche-ly quoting of the price that I don't eat much at expensive restaurants.  Once an entree goes over $20 I have no real basis for judging its worth.  It's like paying $200,000 for a car; on what basis could you possibly evaluate it being worth that?  If you can afford to pay that then price doesn't really have any part in the decision does it, you simply buy the car you want.  If you make a million a year, and the $200,000 model gives you the tiniest more thrill than the $150,000 model, then ...?For me, since there are so many places where I can get food I love for $5 (In-And-Out, Chipotle, any Pho soup), $10 (Kowalski's hot deli, Gordita el Gordo, many Indian Buffets) or $15 (Al Vento, Rainbow Chinese, Blue Nile, True Thai), then $32 is, I don't know, splurging for fun, eating for the sake of eating; I have no frame of reference.But gosh, that steak was freakin' good.  And whether or not it was twice as good as a $16 steak, you certainly wouldn't be able to experience that combination of flavors for $16 (however I can tell you that the $50 filet mignon at Manny's would not do 5 as much for me as spending $10 at The Steak Knife, although Manny's gargantuan $15 brownie does do it for me, o god it does it).  I won't be back to 112 Eatery, but that's only because I can't afford it.  If I made a million a year wasn't worried about global warming I might race there every other day in my Ferrari Italia.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,6/29/2011,186,185,4,3,8>Five Stars. It's easy to see why.1 Star for meeting the bottom line. Wifi, chairs, open and easy to study.2 Stars for the feel of the place. Exposed beams, counter service, bags of coffee.3 Stars for the inviting music and mood.4 Stars for tasty coffee. While I wasn't amazed, I'm no Annie D. and my starbucks tongue can't tell the difference. Sad I know. Perhaps a coffee tasting is in need.5 Stars, above else, for the AWESOME service. Our barista spent 10 mins explaining every type of coffee they had and which drinks might be to my liking based on my standard, a white mocha. I ended up with breakfast latte, which I knew was adventurous, but still tasty. I love that they're dancing behind the counter, laughing, and just having a grand old time. Makes the patrons feel at ease.For being three weeks old, not many kinks to work at all. Solid.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,6/28/2011,87,302,3,5,2>I have finally found my salon.After years of hopping from stylist to stylist like a promiscuous fratboy, my search is over and my hair is finally in the right hands. Rika, my stylist, is probably the sweetest person I've ever met and based on my rather cryptic "I just want it lighter, and some layers?", she transformed my frizzed out, damaged rat's nest into fringed and fabulous Bollywood-worthy waves. Rika aside, the salon is very trendy and everyone that works there is sweetly glam but doesn't make you feel like a shlub for being in flippy floppies. Their product selection is top-notch, with a little something for everyone. They also sell sassy accessories, which is nice if that's what you're into, since they're shiny and rather statement-making. The chairs are quite comfy, the waiting area relaxing enough and all around,  it's a pretty sweet set-up. I am actually looking forward to going back, which hasn't happened since I got my hair done in Japan.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,4/1/2013,92,102,4,5,4>Muddy Waters is a MUST for anyone in the mood for friendly service, unexpected food and a fabulous selection of beers on tap! It's my new go-to for friends and family visiting the uptown area. What I love most about this place is that it's a great place for date night, hanging with friends or (during the day) grabbing a cup of coffee while you catch up on studying/work.If you're looking for a great selection of local and national taps, Muddy Waters if your place. You'll never be disappointed with the pizza or the fall-flavored Pumpkin Risotto. And you can't go wrong with the signature burger. The pizzas are huge and feed at least two people.It's hipster, local and has character. What more could you ask for in a local bar & eatery?!  Service is super fabulous!
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/31/2013,62,85,2,3,5>This place takes "cafeteria style" to a whole new level - wow! I'm going to assume that when I walked in I stood out like a sore thumb since I was literally walking around in circles with my jaw dropped & drool hanging from my mouth... No seriously I was...Picture the most friendly & helpful employees standing around waiting to serve you the most delicious food you have ever seen! Pizza, pasta, salads, sandwiches. The list goes on & the decisions get harder. Since I was a little crunched for time, and short on cash, I chose quickly, which turned out to be a great thing because it was frickin' DELICIOUS!A snuck a bite of the super buttery, warm garlic breadsticks as we were pulling out of the parking lot, and let me tell you that I was seriously considering turning the car around to get more. They were that good! By the time we got home the cheese tortellini in cream sauce was a bit cold, and I was very hesitant to re-heat it, but I did anyway and it was still beyond phenomenal! It was hands down the best cream sauce I have ever had - creamy, but not too thick, buttery, but not too greasy... It almost melted in my mouth. No joke..And thank goodness my son convinced me to get a "treat!" The cannoli's (both regular & chocolate dipped) were excellent!My mouth is already watering as I think about my next trip to Cossetta's!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/30/2013,52,127,3,9,6>The donut/doughnut trend has finally made its way to Minneapolis and I couldn't be more excited! I'm a self-admitted "carb monster", and donuts are my carbo-poison of choice. I absolutely love the idea of gourmet donuts; so much better than the cupcake phase.Glam Doll has a really great variety of donuts, tons of fun flavors and unique toppings! Plus, they serve Intelligentsia Coffee, yum! My boyfriend and I carefully selected half a dozen donuts to-go and after much indecision finally decided on the following:-Showgirl: Raised donut with maple icing and bacon-Calendar Girl: Raised donut with salted caramel and chocolate-Femme Fatale: Fresh raspberry curd filled donut with vanilla icing-Varga Girl: Almond cream filled donut with chocolate and shaved almonds-Pucker Up: Lemon cream cheese cruller donut-Peek-a--boo: Tres leches cake donutThey were all delicious, I'm not even lying. However, the Calendar Girl kind of stole my heart; delicious chocolate with a generous glob of salted caramel goodness in the middle. And, these donuts are large, definitely above average size. The Pucker Up was also freaking yummy, I'm a sucker for lemon. But seriously, all of them were good, we gobbled them up in one afternoon. The actual location is really cute as well. There is a pretty good amount of seating and the decor is cute and inviting. As I previously mentioned, Intelligentsia Coffee north of Chicago really excites me and the service was really good: quick, attentive, friendly. I really only have one small problem/suggestion for Glam Doll...As Dave G. already mentioned, their to-go boxes aren't the best...They wrapped each of our donuts in a tissue and stacked them on top of each other in the box. When peeling off the tissue, I also peeled off half of my chocolate (Okay fine, I may have licked it off the tissue, I won't lie) and that made me a little sad. I think they really need to consider larger boxes or a little sectional insert to keep the donuts separate, which is the point of the tissue, without the mess/loss of toppings. Also, the tres leches donut needs a little container of its own for to-go. It comes dripping in milk so is rather messy when just placed in a tissue. As I write this review, my boyfriend and I plan our next trip to Glam Doll, I suggest you plan yours as well!
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/29/2013,97,67,7,7,4>It's hard to walk into this place and not feel overwhelmed you are going to make the wrong choice. How can you not feel that way? Everything behind the glass looks amazing, life changing even. And your gut instinct is you can only handle one - for both your internal and external stomach. Alas, you make a decision, trust it, enjoy it, and immediately are filled with greed for more. But, you know you'll return. You must! You feel too bad for those pastries that were not chosen. Do the right thing, eat more pastries.Dilemma aside, what's not to love about this place? It's so versatile. I've been here several times, and each time was a new occasion. How can one place host so many interactions? Because it's awesome. Oh, and pastries are the love language of everyone. Client meetings, getting together with an old friend, taking a young lady out to show her how cool you are [trying to be]. It all ends well at P46. Whatever you choose, you'll enjoy it. It's all fresh and honestly can't go wrong. The coffee is ok, but just ok. My cappuccino was disguised as a latte, but I doubt they'd even consider themselves a coffee shop. Frankly, that's ok, they excel at pastries and that's what you wanted in the first place.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,3/28/2013,90,60,4,7,4>You know, the lights are a little bright, there's a tv on all the time - things that I typically don't go for but it's THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN MINNEAPOLIS. Five stars all well deserved especially given the competition right around them! My favorite experience with Maya must be when I brought take out from to my in-laws in Delano. Holy crowd pleaser and such a fun way to showcase the best parts of living in Northeast to the rural folk! My mother in law loves spice and was super happy with the taste of the chicken tinga tacos. I love the vegetarian black bean tacos and veg. TAMALES! Also, this family that owns it has to be the nicest people in the world, especially if you habla un poquito de Espanol. I've been back here many a time and every time, its amazing.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,3/27/2013,151,116,9,9,7>Stop. Really, stop doing what you're doing, get up, walk, run or drive to WSK right now. Order the pickle plate. Order the lemongrass meatball lettuce wraps. Then order 2 or more orders of the caramelized lamb belly lettuce wraps. (I had to go back for seconds and wait for the second round to come out) Talk to Sam, the mixologist master who created the Usagi Yojimbo.  Yes, it sounded iffy to me too, with sake and carrot juice, but believe me, you want it.  Thank Sam because he is a genius.  I fully planned on ordering the mango lassi (even though it has dairy which I am avoiding) but instead I ordered more of the lamb belly... If it didn't make me a glutton I would head back over right now and order another.  I didn't even KNOW lamb belly existed before tonight and now it is all I can think about.  Magic.  Also? We were checked on nearly 10 times over the course of the hour we were there by 3 different people.  GREAT service to go along with GREAT food. WSK, you are my new best friend.  Plan on hanging out 2 or 3 times a week for lunch.  Don't pencil me in, mark me down with a permenent marker.  Thanks.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/26/2013,54,140,5,5,6>How did I just go here for the first time? I interned this summer downtown, and we would always go to the usual spots: Brit's, the Local, Barrio, Crave. All are good, but I'm definitely going to add Devil's Advocate to that rotation when I return full time.We went for my Mom's birthday because she wanted to try it. It's a bar, for sure, that prides itself on it's beer and meatballs. Total rip-off of the Meatball Shop in NYC, but that's not a bad thing.Things I liked:1. The meatballs. I had the chicken meatballs with mushroom sauce on a pretzel bun. Pay the extra dollar and get the pretzel bun over the brioche (you get an extra meatball, too). Brioche bread is one of those foodie trends that needs to die... it can't hold any type of sandwich. Just saying. My mom got the falafel balls which were amazing, too!2.  Their happy hour is great, with some good deals. I'm a sucker for deviled eggs and poutine, and the poutine is especially good. Drinks are well priced on happy hour.3. Their menus/design. I would take these home and frame them. If you like graphic design, check these out. Their logo itself is one of those ambigrams (yeah, I had to Google that) like in Angels and Demons (no shame, Robert Langdon FTW).4. Their music is fun and something different than listening to Katy Perry on Muzak. Heard some M.I.A., heard some Phoenix, heard some De La Soul. Dig it.Things that need some work:1. Beer list. Maybe it's just me but this was like, so random (Summer Heights High, anyone?). They have Duvel, which I love, but I hate those glasses they serve it in. Makes me feel papal. I was surprised that there was a lack of local beers, but more surprised that our server didn't know anything about them? To give him some credit, he was busy, but when we asked about beers/recommendations, he told us both were "good", without any other descriptions/rec's. Okay, but... Two of our party had their cider on tap whose name I forget now and really enjoyed it.2. I hate olives, and the field greens salad had olives in it, which seems weird to me. A lot of people don't like olives. Include some type of description with it.3. Things can get tight/clausterphobic when it gets busy. I don't think they have a patio either, which is a bummer (Stuff White People Like: dining outside).The pro's outweight the con's by a lot, so I will definitely be back.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,3/25/2013,113,230,16,3,8>Hi there, how are you?  Actually I don't really care, that's just me being "Minnesota Nice".  All part of the Minnesota Experience.  We are difficult and mysterious creatures to understand.  Going to our State Fair will help give you a better understanding of who and what we are.The Minnesota State Fair is  our version of Mardi Gras only without the beads and public nudity.  You go to the Minnesota State Fair once a year.  You will spend a lot of money on: food, parking, rides, games, and other such things.  Bring cash.  Lots and lots of cash.What will you see at the State Fair?  You will see a Statue of a Princess Made Out Of Butter.  You will see Farm Folk.  Don't stare, they are people too.  You will see extremely large people riding those rascal scooter things.    Don't stare!  Or take pictures.  That's rude.  You will see old people, young people, bros from the burbs, hipsters from the city.   You will see award winning animals and sometimes even giving birth.  You will see a barn full of goats.  Oh yes, and you will also see carnies.   Yes you will definitely see Carnies...  You know those guys who work the somewhat sketchy games?  Those games you can never quite win?  Oh sure someone occasionally wins, that guy walking around with a stuff frog larger than a car.  But yeah... back to the carnies.  Did you know they have their own language?    For example, a customer who spends a lot of money trying to win a prize is called a "mark".   A "sugar shack" is a food stand that sells cotton candy and other sugary items.  A "lot lizard" is a lady carny who... uh... well I'll just end this language lesson here and keep going with my review.So what can you actually do at the State Fair?  Besides play the aforementioned sketchy games, there are lots of sketchy rides as well.  Also run by Carnies.  You can binge eat at the fair.  Suddenly deep frying a candy bar makes perfect sense.  It also helps if it's on a stick.  The whole "on a stick" thing sounds silly, but it's just plain old practical.  Just try eating something not on a stick while dodging 100,000 people... long story short, you end up wearing it.   It is much easier if there's some sort of stick mechanism involved.  Unfortunately they have not yet invented a "shower on a stick" for some of the fair's patrons.  Of course I am referring to the barnyard animals!  ;)So as far as food goes, that's a pretty big attraction.   The lines are pretty incredible.  It's as if every single person is hungry every single moment  at the fair.  And it's true they are, probably because there's constant delicious odors wafting into your nose.  Once you pass through the gate you can't  and won't stop eating.  If you don't want to become morbidly obese in the span of 3 hours, I suggest sharing everything you buy or some sort of two bite rule.  You take two bites and then toss it.  Wasteful?  Absolutely, but you won't have to run an ultra marathon after to extract the calories and fat you just consumed.   If you are looking for particular food recommendations check out the Star Tribune and Heavy Table, they recently have done writeups.  My only other food suggestion is plan on where and what you will eat.   Know where to go and how to get there.  Sometimes food  places are impossible to find.    So have a game plan and execute it.Lastly, you will probably notice those gondola's floating around in the sky via wires.  I did that one year, it was pretty neat.  Anything that lets you avoid the crowds and get off your feet at the same time for a little while.  You will secretly hope some cable does not snap while you are riding one... especially after all the food you just consumed effectively doubling your weight.So yeah, it's the Minnesota State Fair.  It's a big deal here.  You will eat food that's terrible for you, fight crowds that you would normally always try to avoid, and see sculptures of girls made out of butter all while you complain about the fattening food, the enormous crowds, and reminiscing that last year's butter sculpture was ways better than the current one.  It's the Minnesotan Way..    Now go forth and eat!
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/24/2013,19,76,2,3,3>Stopped in today with a group and ordered a variety of 5 donuts.  In case that wasn't enough, we finished it off with 2 orders of beignets.  That's really the way to go since there is so much to try and you can (ahem, should) only humanly eat so many donuts.  Grab a bunch with friends and split them! Things to note:  - Yes, expensive lil' suckers ($2.89 each or $25 for a dozen) - Go early to get the best selection (we made a rookie mistake and arrived at 11ish) - Not a lot of seating so, unless you're lucky, you probably won't get a seat - Beignets are only on the weekend (def try them as they're delish!) - Don't expect to be wowed by the coffee; but expect to really enjoy your donuts!The space is bright and airy, the colors cheerful, the donut flavors fresh and fun... but my only complaint beyond a spendy donut is that the staff did not fit the personality I was being sold in their marketing.  Not enough to knock it down to 3-star as I"m hoping it was just a fluke, but not super friendly or helpful.  :( It's just,  when you're excited about beignets and donuts over coffee with friends, you want a smile in return when you place your order, you know?Price (and heart attack concerns) make it difficult to be a frequent patron but I will definitely try it again!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,3/23/2013,94,61,5,5,3>They have a kissing room. 'Nuff said!Well, I guess not quite...Since my job migration to Minneapolis, a friend and I have been happy-hour hopping our way down Eat Street, so please keep in mind this does not review their actual meals. The bar is spectacular, very dark with phenomenal woodwork. I love all the nooks and crannies, although it can make it slightly difficult to navigate your way through this bar.The service was efficient, and my IV of Tanqueray was hooked up as needed. My friend had raved about their wontons, but I was a little apprehensive...corned beef and sauerkraut  mixed in with that fried golden and cream-cheesy deliciousness? Anathema! But I was won over in a matter of seconds and we fought over the last one. Calamari was excellent and I enjoyed their rendition of aioli. I fully intend to return as soon as possible to enjoy more after-work relaxation. Besides, at some point I have to try out that kissing room!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,10/20/2008,203,560,2,8,6>If they don't have it, you don't need it.  I mean, this is a hardware store with its own catalog (free for the asking) and the catalog has about 13 pages devoted solely to ladders.  Ladders!This is the anti-big box shopping experience.  It is almost impossible to browse and find what you are looking for, in part due to the volume of inventory but also due to the fact that said inventory is stacked, packed and jammed everywhere the eye can see.  So don't be shy, step right up to the counter and tell the friendly staff what you need.  They will immediately comprehend your desires, even if you cannot clearly articulate same, and moments later you will walk out with exactly what you needed, at a fair price.Take your savings a block up the street and buy yourself a treat at DQ--you deserve it!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/19/2008,1,16,3,5,5>One of the best places around!  I know it sound corny but it truly is a great place to hang out!  The service is amazing, the food is pretty dam good and you cant beat the price!  I will admit that i tend to eat there a few times a week...its easier and almost cheaper than cooking!  The Saturday and Sunday Brunches are amazing and you have to love a place that if you order the Stake and Eggs a Bloody Marry is included!
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,10/18/2008,35,41,9,7,9>I absolutely love Patina! I can't believe I had never been before today, as I've been hearing about it for ages. Surprisingly, the prices are very fair--not super expensive like I expected from a specialty store such as this. They have a little bit of everything: Home decor, greeting cards, kitchen supplies, jewelry, funny books, seasonal decorations, reusable grocery bags, etc.I was in here today & found a "Disappearing Civil Liberties" mug, with the Bill of Rights printed on it. When a hot beverage is poured into it, (as the box says) "watch the painstaking work of the founding fathers vanish before your eyes and then reappear after drinking up or cooling down--Brought to you by the Patriot Act." I had to buy it for my brother's upcoming birthday, and he will piss his pants when he sees it! I can't wait. (For those of you turned off by me at this point in my review, Patina also offers a McCain action figure.)In addition to the mug, I bought some candles, autumn decor, and a "Porn for Women" book--which showcases pictures of sexy men doing household chores, accompanied by phrases like, "Have another piece of cake, I don't like you looking so thin" and "Ooh, look, the NFL playoffs are today. I bet we'll have no trouble parking at the crafts fair!"The clerks are also friendly & helpful. I'm glad this place is only 8 blocks from my house because I will be back often!
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/17/2008,1,2,7,6,8>This is where you take friends who are in from out of town.This is where you go to get a plate of bacon.This is where you can be a bloody mary mad scientist.This is where a girl with full sleeves will smile at you like a cashier at Macy's.Don't drive home, but good luck getting a cab.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,10/16/2008,65,25,1,8,5>I've been eating at the 50s Grill since I was a kid. We'd come to Minneapolis for the summer to see my oldest brother and it was always a treat to drive out here to get a burger and a malt. Even as I got older when I would come to the city to visit, my brother and I would hit this place up.While I can't comment on any of their dinners (this place caters to an older crowd, so there are a lot of early-dinner specials), I can say that their classic burger is tasty and that their selection of malts is fantastic - in fact, 50s Grill receives a nomination in my book for best malt ever. Truly, I'm in love.I've had a variety of malts including the standard chocolate (fan favorite), the turtle, the girl scout cookie and others. The secret: you have to eat the malt out of the tin. Don't bother wasting time pouring it into the malt glass they bring with the metal canister. There's just something about eating directly from the malt tin itself. :)The atmosphere is a classic 50s theme with high booths, lots of neon, classic music playing and pictures of movie stars, posters and magazine ads from years gone by. It's a fun little find; if you're looking for an old malt-shop feel with decent prices and tasty treats, I'd strongly recommend.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,10/15/2008,7,9,5,7,6>I simply must give mad props to Galactic Pizza: the pies are delicious, the delivery folk dress in spandex and drive electric cars.  Need I say more?  Since I adore the place, I will:  if you feel brave, try the Ranch Dude (or the Vegetarian Ranch Dude as I do it), a pizza that substitutes ranch dressing for red sauce and piles cheese, onion, mushroom and bacon (or FAKEon) bits on top.  Delicious.  I highly suggest ordering from Galactic the next time you have a raucous weekend party and your guests are hungry.  A kindly Superhero will show up at your door with great food and may declare, "I'm Captain Organic, here to save you from hunger!"  Your drunk friends will applaud you.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,10/12/2008,274,290,14,20,12>After getting in my first automotive altercation (rear-ended on 35W), I visited three different auto body repair shops to estimate the damage to my bumper and paint work. Those first three shops were on recommendation from the guy who hit me, a very anxious man who had never been in an accident before and was trying to handle things sans insurance. After all three body shops said that the repair would cost more than the dude could afford out of pocket, I was tired, frustrated, and feeling ambivalent about having my car done at the places I had visited.I got the recommendation for Lehman's from a friend who said that he and his brother both had good experiences at two of their seven locations (the Downtown and Savage locations only do auto body repair, but they will shuttle your car to one of their other locations if you also need service and maintenance). The people at Lehman's Garage provided prompt, personable, and professional service. I was impressed with the service I received; there's clearly a focus on customer service.  The administrative assistant was friendly and competent. Jim, the person handling my repair, was accessible by email and phone and called me when my repair was finished. Best of all, he had the awesomest Minnesota accent! I also like how you can sign up to check on the status of your repair on their website, complete with pictures of the progress. One suggestion would be to make the website a little more secure; anyone can access the photos to your repair and there may be identifiable information like license plate numbers in the photos. In the end, I was happy with the repair and paint job. Granted, I know very little about cars, but it looked good to me! Would I recommend Lehman's? Oh yah, you becha!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2008,10/11/2008,76,147,1,5,5>On this sweater weather day it was the perfect meal choice.  What makes good Pho is the broth and this broth was flavorful and clean.  The meat choices I made was just okay and the tripe was nice and thinly sliced.  We also had the sweet potato and shrimp fried appetizer which I recommend and a mung bean dessert that reminded me of halo halo.  The service was a bit slow but otherwise it was decent.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/10/2008,36,44,1,8,7>Let's face it: some coffeehouses are dripping with attitude. Not so the 2nd Moon. The friendliness of the staff helps make everyone feel at home there. Just take a look around and you'll see a good cross-section of a diverse neighborhood. Of course the coffee's a draw, too. Oh yeah, and then there are the goodies from A Baker's Wife and Seward Co-op. But mostly what I like is that I feel right at home, whether chatting with the folks behind the counter--some of whom know me by name--working away at my laptop, or hanging out with friends. Every neighborhood should be so lucky as to have a place like 2nd Moon.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,10/9/2008,140,449,2,4,2>Last night was my second time there, and, just like my first experience late last October, it was great!  The food, service, decor, atmosphere, everything.  I brought my parents there since they were in town for the day.  4 of us shared 2 bottles of wine, an appetizer, one bowl of soup, 4 entrees, one dessert, and 1 double expresso for $160.  The appetizer of lightly breaded and fried, gorgonzola-stuffed green olives is salty, briney, creamy and zingy in flavor.  A real nice accompaniment to our Montepulciano.  Mom ordered their soup of the day: carrot w/ginger & champagne, for us all to try; it was packed with ginger flavor and oh, so light feeling on the tongue.  It was a delight.  I wanted to try their risotto.  Our server, Melinda, offered that the dish is a bit salty tasting due to the smoked salmon in the dish (however she absolutely loves it because of it's saltiness); she offered that they oftentimes prepare the risotto with shrimp and radicchio for people who prefer less saltiness.  So, I agreed to try this alternate preparation.  It was sooo good.  I brought my leftover portion home to eat today.  My dining partners were completely enthralled with their respective dishes, too.  And then, we all shared a piece of a lemon cake with mascarpone cheese in it.  It was simply, heavenly:  lightly crisp on top, creaminess in the middle, lightly sweet and lemony.  Although they presently serve only beer and wine, they just received a liquor license and will be serving liquor within the next month (I verified this by calling them today).  While I would prefer their prices being a little lower (so I'd be inclined to dine there more often), I can't wait to get back to this place and enjoy a meal on their patio!
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,10/2/2009,5,57,2,4,4>The dishes are wonderful if you order off the menu, especially hotpot for sharing with a group. but I do NOT reccomend the weekday lunch buffet. It is a slightly Koreanized version of your typical cheapo Chinese buffet, but with very few choices. We even had to bug them to give us extra kimchi!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,10/1/2009,40,124,,8,5>A group of us went to Dukem on a weekend evening. We arrived at 7 pm and were amazed to see that we were the only table in the place!The staff was friendly upon entering and made us feel at home.One thing I will say about Dukem, which is a commonality shared with other African restaurants where I've eaten, is that the staff is generally very sweet, but on what I call "Tulsa Time". Nobody's in a hurry to do anything- it's not an attitude or anything, that's just the pace for these folks. No problem, we weren't on a time schedule.Some had Hakim, an Ethiopian Stout beer, and they loved it. Dukem also has a full bar and live music on weekends btw.The food arrived on Tulsa Time, but was well worth the wait. I had the Kifto raw beef. It was spicy, lively tasting and excellent. It came with enough injerra bread to perfectly scoop up every bit of this amazing meal.My friends had various other entrees such as Doro Wot, Sampler platters etc. All their reviews were similar, although some lacked tolerance for heat, so they were a bit surprised. The spicyness isn't crazy, but if you are a swedish-meatballs-are-too-spicy-type, beware.The red lentils were outstanding also! Our waitress was extremely patient with some of us unfamiliar with Ethiopian cuisine, and dutifully explained repeatedly what was what with a smile.The only bad part of this meal was the fact that the place wasn't packed. The food is top notch and a wonderful addition to the Ethnic scene in Mexican and Vietnamese dominated St. Paul.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,9/30/2009,155,803,3,8,4>My wife and I have run the Minnesota State Fair Milk Run, which is a 5K, for the last 14 years. It started going through the grandstand and now has moved to just the neighborhoods around the fair. For $20 you get.... A T-shirt A ticket to the fair A free malt A dollar off for coffee We then go home after the race (My wife has placed third in her age group for three years now) (I have not....) After we head back we usually catch a bus from the U and head to the malt shop from the U students for our malt. After that we head to the KSTP radio booth to see who is speaking and then to the creative arts building to see if some of my beer won. Then it is another couple hours of walking around and people watching. We aren't big "Food" people, but there a lot of food booths there. We finish off the day with the Two o'clock parade which usually has the Gopher band and cheerleaders that day. Overall, I have been to a few state fairs and this is by far the biggest and best.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,9/29/2009,147,345,5,12,8>Friendly service. Food is quick and so very very good. I had the lamb kabob and my hubby had the beef. He cleaned his plate and could have eaten more. Next time we will order an appetizer before our meal. And next time I will get some tabouli and that yummy garlic whip stuff and some hummus... to take home. I could eat here every night.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,9/28/2009,441,746,11,12,11>Have you been here yet? We have been living in St. Paul for 7 years now, and have driven by countless times, but still were hard pressed to describe it, or its exact location.Now that we have been, I can give you the secrets.  University and Snelling.   Park anywhere and walk.   Go before your next show at the Turf, eat with you fingers.  Wait, eat LOTS OF GREAT FOOD with your fingers.We four (adventurous Emily included) ate here one Friday night not too long ago.The smell once you walk in the door is like walking into a spice market.At first we weren't sure if it was incense, or the actual food being cooked, but we were hungry, and assumed it was the food.  One woman could be overheard asking the waitress:  "Is that frankincense I smell?  Myrrh?"We were told it would be 15-20, and it wasn't, it was much less.Crowds of Ethiopians were there, and I had a minute to spy on how to actually eat here, although I didn't do it as deftly as the man with creepy long fingers, who pulled (using only 3 of them) a bit of the spongy Injera off the pile and then scooped out just enough lentils, veggies or meat before popping it in his mouth without touching his lips!  Points to jill for knowing w/o the menu that injera is made with tef.  Smart girl, that one.Our plates were a wreck when we were done, but damn was it good.  We gorged ourselves on both the veggie and meat platters. Towards the end, the woman I had been watching squat between two booths making coffee or tea came by with a tray filled with many small cups, all of them empty but for one that was filled with a brownish liquid.Reports are sketchy, but I think it was like a Turkish coffee with many spices.  Again, I assume.  It could be ground up incense for all I know.I do know that next time, I will demand more coffee.(p.s..  try a dash of the red powder in the jar on the table, but make sure it is just a dash, or it may blow your head off.)
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,9/27/2009,183,586,13,10,9>Confession: I have a sick addiction to upscale men's accessories, and Martin Patrick is my cozy little crackden. Cuff links, tie pins, cigarette cases, even the neat little travel shaving kits. This is a one stop shop for all things dapper.  It's where James Bond would shop if he lived in Minneapolis and was not fictional. It seriously makes me wish I'd been born a man, just so I could own all of the fabulous stuff in this store.  So classy, so refined, so exquisitely badass in a way that Axe body spray aficionados will never understand. It's tucked away on an otherwise desolate block of North First Street, and easy to pass by. Maybe I should have. Instead I'm forever doomed to walk the Earth, cursing my gender and waiting for the day I can afford to trick out my significant other in Martin Patrick goodies.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,9/26/2009,223,363,21,11,8>First off, I don't drink coffee. Coffee gives me the runs. Therefore, I cannot postulate on how good/crappy UB coffee is compared to other coffee shops. Their tea selection is good; the Sunset in Seattle blend is delicious (and caffeine free).I mainly go to cafes to study or pretend to study. Although I wish for the former so I can actually get my thesis done by May, I usually find myself two hours later doing something else. Where did the time go?Urban Bean is full of other people trying to study, so it's mostly quiet. The ceilings are kind of high, which amplifies all noise; don't try to fart quietly. Most of the time, it won't work.While I appreciate that not only hipsters go there, it's always the old people talking on their cell phones REALLY LOUDLY. Seriously? Maybe diversity is a bad thing. I kid, I kid. But I mean it, old people: STFU.And there are a lot of outlets. Before I caved in and got a new laptop battery that expanded my outlet dependence from thirty minutes to three hours, these outlets were essential. And yay for free WiFi.There's one surly barista there that can make you feel bad. She always looks like she hates you. Maybe she can tell that you've farted in her cafe.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,9/25/2009,66,150,6,8,5>Popped in here on a whim, it was a Saturday night...I order a beer...guess what the cost was?  $1.25!!!!  That is not a typo.  It was around 9 or 10 on a Saturday night and drafts were this cheap.  It was a twelve ounce beer but who the hell cares.  4 beers = $5 tab  A-OH!  The wings looked good and the decor was caked in 2 inches of dust.  Love it!
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,9/24/2009,19,128,7,13,9>My wife got the bright idea of roller skating for my daughter's 9th birthday party.  That's great, but that meant that *we* had to roller skate as well.Since I don't rollerblade, I figure I haven't had wheels on my feet for 30 years.  That was an experience, let me tell you.  It took a while to get used to and I watched some of the experts out there to pick up some tips.  By the end of the 3 hours, I was doing pretty well.  I only fell three times, but twisted an ankle and knee in the process.  I bet it looked pretty funny those couple of times I managed to catch myself, arms and legs flailing like Elaine Benes's dance moves.The rink is only open for 3-4 hours at a time.  It doesn't look much different than I remember since I was there last in elementary school (from what I can remember of it, anyway).  It's definitely an older building, but it's got a rink to skate on and you're not there to pick up decorating tips, so what's the difference?There were about 6 other "official" birthday parties there.  Ours wasn't official because we didn't have enough kids (only 3 of the 10 we invited could make it), but the DJ did mention my daughter's name a couple of times.  The have some fun games for the birthday parties and a hoola hoop contest, a moon-walking contest, and a limbo on roller skates.  I would have rather they kept the open skating going all the time, but the games did break up the time a bit.I had forgotten how much fun it is just to go around in circles.  It's worth the $5-7 admission for 3 hours.  Where else are you going to get that kind of value?  Plus, they have group rates for $140 for 20 that include pizza and drinks.  We're thinking about a neighborhood party there.Go give these places your patronage.  They are dinosaurs that probably won't be around much longer.  They are disappearing like other classic forms of entertainment such as the drive-in.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,9/23/2009,65,99,7,7,7>My first experience has been nothing less of amazing. Ever since I moved to Minneapolis three years ago, I've been hearing about the Jucy Lucy and have been told over and over to go try it. I do indeed love burgers. The only burger place I hold close to my heart is Kumas in Chicago. But DAMN...Matt's Bar really has it, too. I didn't really get why it was so great...I mean, all it was was gooey cheese sandwiched between two juicy burgers. Simple, right? I didn't know what it was...but it was tasty and brilliant. Don't expect some 6-dollar, gourmet burger...that isn't what the Jucy Lucy is about. It's about the simplicity and tradition of the burger and the joint itself.  So, basically, I'm just going to second every good review on yelp about the Jucy Lucy. It's true...Matt's Bar is the bees knees.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,7/23/2010,81,185,1,8,4>CBS Sunday Morning had a segment on Mac n Cheese today, which reminded me of a lunch at the Boxcar this fall. It's in the spot where Confluence was located. The Boxcar bills itself as southern cuisine; It's cute and tiny and very comfortable (except smoking is allowed in the bar until summer '10). Our son ordered its Mac N Cheese with Andouille sausage ($10), which he said was, "quite possibly the best mac and cheese I've ever had." He couldn't finish it, so we did, and it was very good. Hub and I had pulled pork sandwich ($8). Marinated in Guinness and rosemary, the pork had large tender chunks among the shreds and there was a ton of meat. They had several homemade sauces but it's so tasty that saucing is definitely optional. The sandwich is served with kettle chips and a large homemade pickle. We ordered coleslaw on the side to top the sandwich, Memphis-style. The coleslaw -- lots of red cabbage and carrots -- was very good, a tangy and tart compared to the blandish creamy you find on most menus.  We also ordered frickles -- deep fried pickles. They were good -- made from a chip of the kitchen pickles they serve with entrees. But I thought the portion was too ample for the taste combo and about half of what they give you would be enough to satisfy curiosity. It's billed on the menu as "amusements" along with other apps incl. deviled eggs, crawdad cakes and an oyster shooter--want to try all. There's lots I want to try: pan fried buttermilk-battered chicken, a variety of sandwiches, and some interesting sides like greens in pot liquor, colcannon potatoes (odd - this is an Irish dish of mashed potatoes with cabbage), cowboy caviar and cuke-onion salad and a more upscale version of the Sconnie classic iceberg wedge with blue cheese.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2010,7/22/2010,41,111,10,3,4>So, the Greenie.  We've all been there.  It's green.  It's sugary.  It's made of Ecto Cooler and will shave off four years of your life.  We know this.  But last time I was at Tony Jaro's the mythos of the Greenie was stretched and molded in new and exciting ways.....DREAM SEQUENCE!We werere standing around trying to mind our own business, which in a bar the length and width of a five dollar footlong is difficult to do, when a wasted cougar caught our eye and Frankensteined her way over to us.  We knew our doom was nigh.  While progressively resting her sizeable chest on the gentleman caller'sarm, knee, and head she proceeded to lecture us on how only the very young could possibly enjoy the Greenie because the older you are the more you only want to taste straight alcohol.  I cannot verify the truthfulness of this statement, not being a predatory jungle cat myself, but, for real?  Do eighty year olds take double shots of tequila and swish them around like Listerine for thirty seconds before tipping back their heads and going for the gold?  Do toddlers spend their formative years attempting to hide their Jello shot addictions?  It's an unlikely yet strangely compelling theory.In any case, Tony Jaro's is a master of sneaky intoxication, for which I, as a twenty something, am grateful.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,7/21/2010,25,59,6,4,6>I want to give this place five stars, but my memory seems to make good things seem better and bad things seem worse after a while. I haven't been to Red's Savoy in a couple years so I am going to hold the last star hostage until I know they deserve it.OKAY. Now, to review... this is THE place to go if you want a giant greaseball of a pizza. Sometimes all a person wants and needs is to inch closer to a myocardial infarction. I mean really, we all like to take our chances, am I right? The place is dark, probably filthy as hell (couldn't tell, 'twas dark), full of old drunkards, and the bathrooms scared the bejesus out of me. I didn't care. The pizza was so yummy. I swear mozzarella cheese/pepperoni grease was oozing from my pores for days. I want some right now. I have no clue if they do deliver, but I live too far anyway. Better trick the boyfriend into driving to St. Paul to pick up a pizza. I might just go there tonight because I am pulling a Pavlov's dog right this moment...Last thing I have to say: THEY CUT THE PIZZA INTO SQUARES. Square pieces of pizza always taste better. Don't question it, just eat the god damn pizza.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,7/20/2010,139,324,2,9,4>I am not a Minnesotan, so I am not really sure about all of the Juicy Lucy hub-bub.  I love a cheeseburger. I am just not that picky about where the cheese is located (besides in my belly!).  On my first visit, I got the Merriam Park blucy.  Bacon, bleu cheese and garlic with red currant jelly on top.  Ridiculously good!  A bit rich after eating the whole thing or maybe it was the blucy plus the spam bites plus the fried green beans plus the Surly Coffee Bender...    ; )  My friend got the Jiffy Burger and let me try a bite.  Holy smokes!  That is one of the best, and most creative, burgers I have ever had.  (and I have had a LOT of burgers!)  On my next visit, I didn't beat around the bush: Jiffy burger and tots, please.  Pronto!  I appreciate their beer list and was especially happy to see Left Hand Milk Stout on it this last time.  I wish there was more space, but we have been pretty lucky getting tables.  The servers and bartenders are always friendly and attentive.  I also like the casual, neighborhood vibe of the place.  It is nice to see students, families and the urbanites all living in burger harmony.I am pretty sure that I am not up to the Blucy challenge, but I am dying to meet someone who has completed it. Impressive!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,7/19/2010,441,746,19,5,3>I have to say that the sauce here should be sold by the gallon.I would put it in my shower and wash my hair with it.We got a rack of ribs, and 6 or so pork sammies.The ribs were a little dry, but I was so distracted by the twice baked potato, the sauce and the bourbon that I almost forgot.And they deliver sometimes, if you ask nice and you live in the neighborhood.  And if they have the staff and food.Honestly, I think if the city hydrants were to spit out the sauce at Scott Ja Mama's, as a kid I would jack open the little red squat fire hydrant and run and scream naked through it on the hottest of summer days, then I would grow up to be a fireman, and use it to douse flaming buildings, and lure kittens from trees.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,7/18/2010,70,77,3,4,4>Freaking awesome. We ordered the fish and chips with the gravy and curry (didn't even mess with the white vinegar...why would you when there's gravy to be had?) as well as the shepard's pie...and of course beer. Old Style on tap? Check. Oh, my god. I waddled out of there. I literally had to unbutton my jeans by the end of my meal. The only downside was the wait and the cold air that rushed into the waiting area anytime anyone opened the door. But it was totally worth it. Plus we were drinking and chatting while waiting so it didn't seem that long. I think we waited about forty-five minutes and we got there around 8:15 on a Saturday evening. They are open until 1am so I can definitely see myself partaking in a later meal at this establishment.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,7/17/2010,38,55,27,8,7>Okay, Math time, boys and girls!If my doctor told me to gain 50 to 60 pounds during my twin pregnancy, and I gained 48, and the combined weight of my babies was 11 pounds, how much weight gain can be accounted for by Woullet's Chocolate Iced Cake Donuts?Fresh, delicious, heavenly smells, family owned and run for nearly 70 years.  This is how bakeries should be.Answer: you might have come up with 37 pounds as your answer, but then you'd be forgetting that my children are also partially composed of donuts.  Which is probably why they're so sweet.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,7/16/2010,65,311,12,14,15>Step back in time and experience the American Legion in all its glory.Whoever is manning the grill and deep fryer has their sh_t together.  They have 6-12 daily specials with items like tilapia tacos, walleye as big as your head (I'm not kidding), GREAT burgers, polish sausages, old school mash potatoes and gravy...the list goes on.  Throw in a pitcher of Summit EPA (cheap) and you have a fully balanced meal.The great servers are simply a bonus.  You need to experience them to know what I mean.This place would never have come on my radar if not for my erudite co-workers.  A few of them believe they are qualified for membership given their American Legion Baseball experience.  I hope they are right but if not, the Hopkins Legion is more than happy to entertain and feed them and you.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,7/15/2010,94,61,9,3,4>Once upon a time, there was an awesome aunt named Kelly (it's my review, and you will discover that I earned that adjective).One day, this aunt decided to take three beautiful children ages one, three, and four to Conny's. They staggered the four blocks there as she clutched at the one-year-old who continuously tried to charge into the street. Once there, they ordered three soft-serve cones that dripped and melted all over the da--darn place. Kelly practiced the art of "licking up the edges to keep it from dripping" that she had learned from her mother. She bribed the cashiers several times for more napkins, especially when the oldest child discovered that by turning his milky treat upside-down, he could suck the ice cream through a hole he bit in the bottom of the cone. (Inner beauty: #$%*!)Hot, tired, and covered with strawberry ice cream that she hadn't bought for herself, Kelly dragged them on the treacherous journey home. She nearly died.I also came here with the Boy. It was much less messy and I enjoyed my sundae. Conny's has been around forever and as a kid I always wished I could eat the giant fiberglass ice cream cone on the roof. The soft-serve melts fast, it's sticky, and you really do have to beg for a few napkins...then a few more. But it's worth it.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,7/13/2010,96,183,5,7,5>The trick is knowing when to go. Happy hour 2-6 pm, $6.99 for apps and I believe it's $4 for a pretty large glass of beer. Great selection of drinks, awesome decor, and atmosphere. Granted you have to put up with the Target employees, it's kitty corner, but it's still a nice place to together or take in a football game. They have wonderful food, but sticking with the basics is always best and you can't go wrong: fish and chips, especially with some curry sauce on the side. Though the best part is if you're able to go in the summer - sitting on the patio on Nicollect Ave, getting a feel for downtown Mpls. Obviously you won't be the only one so service will be slow, but that brings me back to knowing when to go.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/22/2012,32,41,2,2,3>Last Friday I visited The Happy Gnome for a second time, and I left feeling like one happy "gnirl"!  It was a gorgeous night and we sat on the patio.  Their beer selection is vast and they are great at recommending one that you would like.  I loved the atmosphere, dimly lit for nice ambience and not too loud so you can have a good conversation (I believe I am getting old if this is important to me to mention, but hey!)We started with a cheese plate of their most popular selections and it was delicious.  We ordered the corn risotto, scallops, and the game burger for the main course and all were very pleased with their selections.  Everything was fresh and hot.  I would highly recommend the Gnome if you like great beer and fare with a twist.  I will definitely be stopping by again soon!
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,12/21/2012,102,102,7,9,3>GOURMET WINGS?!?!? Gotta try!Went to the Maplewood location with a group of 6. First off, the place IS small, we knew that going in, but we were able to snag the one table that would seat all 6 of us right away. Of course, it was a Monday night, but whatevs, we were happy. No table service, you grab a menu and head to the counter when you want to order. You get your drink at the counter as well- bottled water or canned Pepsi (boo!) products. Then you sit and wait for deliciousness to come to you. Honestly, it took us almost 20 minutes to even decide what we were getting. SO MANY amazing sounding choices, and we wanted to make sure we didn't double up on anything.The thing that lost them a star comes next- atmosphere. The place was BLAZING hot, sort of like their wings...I get that it's a small place with a kitchen that probably has at least 4 deep fryers going constantly, and that it was 100 degrees out yesterday, but it was AT LEAST 80 degrees in the restaurant. They had several floor fans going which was nice if you could get them aimed at you. Also, the tables were quite sticky- again, may have been heat related, I don't know, because I did see them being wiped down, but either way, we all left feeling really hot and sticky. Now.... THE WINGS!We ordered:Frenchy- a sort of French Onion inspired wing. Salty, sweet, balsamic, and onion. 3/5. Tasted good, maybe would get again, not our favorite of the night. Billy the Kid- blueberry, cinnamon, goat cheese and sweet onion. IT WAS AMAZING! It looked like a hot mess when it came out, a pile of brown-purple goo, but it tasted like blueberry and goat cheese with just a hint of cinnamon- the chicken flavor didn't come across much with all those strong flavors, but served as a great vehicle to get all those ingredients to my mouth. 5/5, easily. Kamikaze- a spicy combo of buffalo horseradish deliciousness. I didn't get to eat one because the guys sucked them down pronto, but I dipped my finger in the sauce and it was GREAT! Sad I didn't get one... 5/5. Atypical flavors working together and still reminiscent of the original Buffalo Wing. Cordon Bleu- Ok, so this one weirded me out when I saw the description- Cordon Bleu flavors (including ham) on a wing. Hmmm. Was better than expected. Salty, chicken-y, with small thin pieces of ham... was good. Not my favorite, and I probably wouldn't order it myself, but the guys loved it. 3/5.Asian BBQ- This got negative reviews from The Man, but i think he was expecting a flavor more like the Asian Zing at BWW. This was more like the sauce on Korean short ribs. Which is tasty, and had good BBQ flavor, but The Man was expecting something else. This was the only wing we were all kind of "meh" on. Was good, but compared to all the others, just a little flat. 2/5. Iron Maiden- Um, yeah, we ordered this one by mistake. They have 2 different wings with similar names: Iron MAN and Iron MAIDEN. We wanted Iron MAN but MY man accidentally ordered the MAIDEN. These were the wings that everyone at the table did NOT like. There were actually 2 left at the end of the night, while the rest of the table was littered in white bones. It was mustardy, tangy, and maybe vinegary? I had one, I could eat it, but never would have ordered it on purpose. 1/5.Alfredo- Drier sauce than we expected, was more like an Alfredo rub, with TONS of deliciously roasted garlic all over it. Buttery, alfredo-y, garlic-y...very good wing! 4/5. AND THE WINNER OF THE NIGHT... Honey Butter Wings!!!Oh. My. Wing. The angels have brought down the food of the football gods. Wings, crispy, hot, good sized, and then covered in a smoky, sweet, buttery sauce. Oh, I could have eaten the entire order myself, and then ordered another one. Sesame oil is the base, contributing to the smokey, rich flavor and still adding a layer of savory, then the sweet butter and honey..... 5/5, 10/10, 100/100....I can't rate these high enough, but it infuriates me when I see such illogic as 6/5 stars! so I'll just stick with what I've got. We're going back next week to the St. Paul location, and I may hurt someone if they don't serve the Honey Butter wings there. St. Paul- you have been warned!
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,12/20/2012,55,196,2,4,2>We've recently become obsessed with Belgian brews and after hearing about this place it went without discussion that we'd have to check it out. A group of four of us went on a Saturday night.Ambiance: it was exactly what I expected a euro-inspired pub to look like on 50th and France. I don't mean that in a bad way.Beer Selection: There is a massive list of beers, including 36 on tap. After much deliberation I ordered the St. Feuillien Tripel and my fiance ordered the Gulden Draak--both good choices. We later split a bottle of the Chimay Blue Reserve, which I highly recommend for Trappist fans. Appetizers: The Polish-Style Pierogis were good, but much like others have commented, overpriced. It was $14 for four normal-sized perogies (over $1 per bite) and they weren't THAT good. The more reasonably priced ($8) Swiss Cheese Beignets were better in my opinion, but could have used more of the 'fennel-rhubarb reduction' sauce. Entrees: I had the Grilled Finish Meatballs which were absolutely amazing. I took my time and savored the lingonberry glaze. The meatballs were served with 'potato puree' and 'cucumber salad.' You could have told me they were garlic mashed potatoes and fresh pickles, and I wouldn't have known the difference, but they were really good.My fiance ordered the Roasted Lamb Pasty and she was less excited about her choice. She said it was more crust than filling and needed a sauce to liven it up.Overall this place was pretty good. A little on the above-average side in terms of price, but not obnoxious.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,12/19/2012,14,84,3,3,3>Best sandwiches in the Twin Cities. Seriously. Been visiting this place for over 20 years. My visits have been less frequent since I don't make it downtown too often anymore, but I still make sure I visit when downtown. When I worked downtown I ate at Dagwood's at least once week, almost without fail.I love pretty much everything about these sandwiches. Even the chips. First, the sandwiches are made with a tasty combination of bread, meat, cheese, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, mayonaise, and oil. I've had the ham, turkey, roast beef, the special, ... I've probably had them all. I don't think the tuna works as well as the other options, but my daughter likes the tuna so that means something. The cheese is melted on the meat and served on a toasted roll. Everything comes together so nicely that it is hard to single out any one aspect that makes the sandwich superior to other sandwiches I have tasted.To be fully appreciated, one must understand the ritual of eating a Dagwood. The sandwich is served alongside a pile of ridged chips, which are integral to the enjoyment of the sandwich. The veteran sandwich patron spreads the chips out into a bed on the plate (or in the container) and hunches over the chips while eating the sandwich. This allows the oil and mayonaise mixture to drip on the chips from the sandwich while eating. The ridged chips seem to catch the goodness and when a layer of chips has been seasoned sufficiently, they should be eaten so that another layer can be blessed with more sandwich drippings. Dagwood's seems to have figured out the right proportion of chips to sandwich; I always end up with only a couple chips remaining once I am done with the sandwich. The symmetry of sandwich vs. chips is almost spiritual for me.Dagwood's also serves salads. They have salads that correspond with their sandwiches in terms of toppings (ham, turkey, tuna, etc.). I went through a salad phase for a while, but I look back on those days with regret. I'm not saying that there is anything wrong with the salads, but the sandwiches are so good that I can't believe I allowed myself to avoid them when I had a chance.Finally, Dagwood's takes great care to make sure that they deliver a quality hand-mixed cherry coke experience. There was a time years ago when they took cherry coke off the menu becasuse Pepsi had stopped distributing the Wild Cherry syrup that they used. Cherry cokes did not return to the menu until they were able to secure a reliable supply again. It was worth the wait.This place is open for only a short time during the day Monday-Friday to serve the lunchtime crowd. There is often a line, but it is well worth the wait.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,12/18/2012,19,102,2,2,2>Finally, a bike shop at the other end of downtown! I got my bike tuned up here a couple weeks ago and was happy with the fast service (three day turnaround for a tuneup this time of year? Inconceivable!), genuinely nice, no-attitude, bike-savvy mechanics, and good prices. My bike rides like new and is ready for lots of adventures this year. They sell used bikes also, but they have little on the floor so it's best to call and ask what they have. They can also order pretty much anything you need for your bike and stock a good supply of accessories.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,12/17/2012,192,528,,4,6>Last weekend I went to the Lexington for the first time since prom.  I am  31, so it has been a while.  i think part of the reason that I hadn't been back in such a long time is that at 17, I remember this place being super expensive, which it is when you are earning $7.25 as a pizza cook.  But, most dinners are in the $13 to $25 range, which is about right.in 14 years, not much has changed about the place.  It is kind of comforting that there are still places around that have been putting out stick to your bones supper club meals.  The bar is classic Saint Paul.  I felt a connection to the bar because my father's father used to have cocktails at the Lexington after work.  He died 40 years ago, so it is kind of cool that I can drink a gin and tonic at the same place he did, even though I was never able to meet him.I had the turkey dinner last week and it was like thanksgiving.  Turkey, mashed potatoes and gravy, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.   I don't think the Lex will ever win any culinary awards, but it has great American comfort food.  You will not go away hungry and you will be satisfied with your meal.  It is a great place for people watching.  The big power brokers in Saint Paul eat here on Saturday night.  This place is an institution.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,12/16/2012,35,258,4,4,4>Was headed back to the southside to drop off a friend in the morning...I suggested breakfast but was struggling to come up with a place that wasn't a chain.  My smart friend suggested Jensen's Cafe.  Since it was 10am on  Sat, there was quite a wait, but we decided to stick it out.  Got a seat in a two person booth.  Little tight as there was plenty of unintended bro-footsy going on.  We're both under 6'.  Hmm. Anyways...what to have, what to have...  Lots of breakfast choices.  Oh!  Caramel rolls?  Yes, one please.  She brings it to the table and asks if we'll be splitting it.  Now let me just tell you...I'm not a big guy and I pride myself in being able to put down some serious caloric sweets.  However, this caramel roll is not fit for just one person.  It's seriously huge.  Very good, but could use a little more caramel.Wanted to be slightly adventurous and try something different.  Ordered the smoked salmon scrambler.  Salmon, eggs, spinach, cream cheese/hollandaise goodness.  Wasn't as rich as it sounds and was every bit as good as it sounds, better actually.  I actually felt bad I wasn't able to completely finish it, it was just so good.  My cohort ordered an omelette.  It was large.  It looked great.  Don't think you can miss with breakfast here.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,12/15/2012,91,344,3,2,3>Yes!  This place is AWESOME!Went there for lunch / dinner - i.e. linner last night - and they have a pretty big menu - I've always thought it was just hot dogs.  I got the northeaster - and you have a choice of either sweet or hot peppers - i got both - it was AWESOME.  The bread was nice and crusty, the sandwich was perfect.  Split a shake between the two of us - made with real ice cream.  My boy got a chili dog - that was tasty as well - and then the cook decided to whip up an experimental chili dog - toasted the outside of the bun first and added a few flairs - it was awesome!!  He is trying to talk the boss man into putting it on the menu - do it boss man!!Got a large fry - not sure why - they were LARGE!!  It was tasty.  Overall great experience and will definitely go back!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,12/14/2012,94,61,4,6,4>Every day I drive past this shop on my way home from work. I glance toward the window to see what beautiful little outfits they are selling, and look back at the car in front of me, merely to slam on the brakes and avoid rear-ending them. Another day, another collision avoided in front of Flirt Boutique.I had never stepped inside, until their fourth anniversary celebration last Saturday. They poured me a glass of champagne and I perused the shop looking for a bachelorette gift for a friend.The merchandise is beautiful and classy. I was *almost* tempted to get married myself, so I could wear a bridal-style white outfit embroidered with flowers. Reminded me of a much smaller version of my prom dress. The prices are a little higher than Victoria's Secret, but for the quality, very reasonable. I appreciated the way the space is laid out; very feminine and pretty. Everything can be found easily, and it is not overwhelming or crowded.  Cannot wait to come back and buy some of their beautiful matching sets for myself.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,12/13/2012,92,196,,3,3>My girlfriend & I went to FACES for lunch on a beautiful, sunny afternoon.  We sat outside on the patio overlooking Mears Park & it was the perfect lunch spot.  The ambiance was fantastic with a great view of the park, and a street side table with white, bubble like chairs on the patio.  It was very relaxing for lunch in the city.  We enjoyed two salads, sparkling water, & french bread & everything was fantastic! The California salad was loaded with fresh greens, goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, pine nuts, & basalmic vinaigrette.  The other salad (the name escapes me) consisted of fresh greens, tomato, red onion, potato, egg, & sashimi-style tuna.Our server was spot on: prompt, knowledgeable, & attentive.  We will definitely be back.  Great experience!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,11/3/2011,31,242,2,4,2>If you want to experience Nordeast for real, this HAS to be a stop.  This place is always supporting local music which is something that not many places can say for themselves anymore.  The bar itself, short, sweet and to the point.  Their menu is great, but your typical bar food (which is not too shabby in NE MPLS).  This is a great place to take a double date or even just check out some new music.Honestly, the reason I really enjoy this place comes down to two reasons: Sunday nigh trivia and how well it supports local music.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,10/31/2011,12,53,1,5,6>My parents had said that they saw Colossal on "Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins" or whatever it's called show, so naturally they wanted to go check it out.  Naturally, being the undying skeptic that I am, I came to the conclusion that it couldn't possibly be that good if it was featured on some [silly] show that I've never actually even seen.  Being the good daughter that I am, I agreed to check it out, but only after warning them that "I hear it's super super small, so I reall doubt we're going to be able to get a table at noon on a Sunday".  We arrived and quickly snatched a table outside.  Now I have many theories about many things, and one of those theories includes the way in which one can judge a restaurant based upon their patrons.  I won't get into the gritty details, but I will say that the patrons at Denny's on East Lake Street at 2 a.m. a couple weeks ago perfectly reflected the quality of their food, and at the same time the patrons on either sides of our table at Colossal perfectly reflected their food as well.  Warm, comforting, thoughtful, etc etc etc.  I was seriously almost as impressed with the lovely patrons we chatted with outside as I was with the food itself.As for the food,  I ordered the marinated pork loin sandwich.  I can honestly say that I have never once in my life ordered a pork sandwich;  when it comes to the pig, I'm more of a bacon advocate.  However, this rosemary, lemon, garlic, white wine marinated loin served on a baguette with rosemary aioli I had to try.  I'd been eating vegan for the past two weeks, this was my big meat/dairy splurge day, so the pressure was on.  The verdict?  I ate every last bite.  This was no small sandwich, and it was served with a bit of greens, kettle chips, and a few cocktail pickles, and I still ate every last bite.  While the sandwich was delightful, and the fresh orange juice was as well,  what really sold this perfect little nook of a restaurant for me was the flapper.  I ate a few bites of my dads, and that's it.  It's the best pancake I've ever had.  I've just never been that into pancakes.  While I like a couple good pancakes every now and again,  I usually just end up disappointed when I order them in restaurants, feeling like I could have done a comparable if not superior job at home at a fraction of the price. But this pancake I wouldn't even bother trying to replicate, I'll just leave it to the professionals at Colossal Cafe. It's a yeasty cake with just the right balance of fluffiness and density. While it's perfect with maple syrup, I also tried it with some of their sour cherry jam, and that just can't be missed.  The only shame is that I have to wait until tomorrow to go back, since they're closed Mondays and Tuesdays.  Then,  good things come to those who wait.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,10/30/2011,16,83,3,8,6>Checked out TBF on a Friday and was so impressed.  I am not Minnesotan or Scandinavian so this was a fun "new" cuisine for my husband and me. We had a stellar meal. The space seems like it's still being worked on but has a nice clean and bright feel to it with several tables, booths and a spacious bar. the atmosphere is comfortable and simple..I felt at home. The food! We tried the house-cured Keta salmon and scrambled eggs appetizer, the gravlax and herring toast, roasted marrow bone toasts and the grilled rabbit entree. Both salmon dishes were amazing, the fish was flavorful and delicate. The subtle hints of dill were lovely and not overpowering. The rooftop herb sauces/oils that accompanied several items were so fresh and beautiful, I guess they should be since they were just picked that day. I was also a huge fan of the mustard that came with the gravlax and herring, I could smear that on everything. The grilled rabbit was a standout dish, it was cooked medium rare and was oh so succulent. It paired nicely with the roasted cauliflower and green beans. Dessert was pretty good, we had the chocolate sorbet sandwich on an orange-cardamom cookie and custard on the side. I thought the cardamom and chocolate went together so well, it reminded me of Mexican chocolate. The service was top notch. We had drinks at the bar then ate dinner in the main dining room, every person we came in contact with was friendly and sincere. Again, I felt at home. The Bachelor Farmer feels like it's been open for a long time, not just one week! I could not have had a better experience. I am excited to go back and try the rest of the menu.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,10/29/2011,101,229,3,4,3>Most of the reviewers have covered the whole Fasika/Ethiopian food eating protocol, so I won't belabor the point. Injera bread...large portions/family style...etc., etc., and so on and yummy-yummy so forth.(But seriously: You're going to eat with your hands! How freaking cool is that?! Food tastes better when you can lick your fingers--it just *does*. Don't argue.)I had the beef trio plus a beef-pepper-strip thing with a smokey-sweet-hot sauce. Everything is full of flavor and peppers and spices and beefy goodness. The beef-pepper-strip thing was a little on the dry side, but everything else was remarkably good. Many fingers were licked. (Oooh...the level of "hot" might dance away from MN-hot sensibilities and up the "ethnic" scale--but you can easily ask for advice in this direction. The dishes ranged from about 3-7 out of 10 on the "hot" scale for me.)The service was great: low key, friendly...not prompt, but I was having a leisurely lunch so it was a welcomed pace. It was hopping at lunch time, with every seat full, but I never felt rushed. The atmosphere is pretty casual (sometimes detrimentally so, but mostly cozily so)--you feel like you're jumping into a big ol' family sit-down (though not in the creepy eating-with-strangers sort of way, just in the cozy-comfy-food-and-space kind of way).
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/28/2011,31,47,3,6,5>Have you every wanted to lick your coffee cup clean? Well you will once you have a cup of Bull Run. Delicious!I swear the baristas here must be the happiest baristas in town. Always friendly, welcoming, and damn good at their job! I'm such a sucker for sweet drinks, so my fave drink is the Iced Nutz. However, the first time I had Iced Nutz I actually had it hot. I know that doesn't make sense, but it was cold and rainy so I asked the barista if she would make it hot instead of iced. She was very accommodating! I wanted to rip the cup open and get every last drop of that goodness!I love the seating outside and near the garage door. My only complaint is that the AC either doesn't exist or just really sucks. I went on a hot hot day and was very uncomfortable inside. Now  that fall is pretty much here that won't be an issue any longer.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,10/27/2011,354,223,4,8,4>YES.Tucked away next to a hot dog shop in an obscure South Minneapolis neighborhood, lies Mighty Swell, a sale so glorious it's taken the residents of Minneapolis by storm (no pun intended).I think my heart skipped a beat when I walked in and saw racks upon racks of handpicked vintage digs. I'm also quite certain I wasn't the only one feeling that way, because the place felt reminiscent of a jungle cat feeding frenzy--lots of women with lots of clothes. The makeshift communal dressing room was a little awkward, but it also kind of felt like shopping with a bunch of girlfriends (or at least kindred, vintage-loving spirits). I tried on 3 pieces and bought them all because I'm the kind of girl who thinks you can never have too many flamboyant sequined tops. The best part? Every item is reasonably priced. I think my grand total was around $50. Not bad, not bad at all.P.S. They take credit cards!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,10/26/2011,52,160,1,6,4>We went last night to have a look at the couch, and see the store.  We were greeted by Kendra, the owner, as we entered.  We tried out the couch, it was cranberry red, and velvety perfect!  Walking around the store, we kept seeing things that we liked...most of which was already sold.  It's good to see a store in Northeast Minneapolis doing as well as it appeared to be.  The prices of the merchandise was very reasonable, and very unique.  So many one-of-a-kind items under one roof, I could have dropped twice as much money if we had more room in our home.Kendra offered to deliver the couch to us for a very reasonable rate, only asking that I help her carry the couch to her truck.  She helped us carry the cushions to our car, and stopped by our house later that night in North Minneapolis.  To add to the great service provided, she went above and beyond by helping us carry the couch into our house.Consider us two happy customers who will definitely return in the future.  The couch?  A great addition to our home.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,10/25/2011,6,67,2,3,4>The Roseville Bakery is my go to spot for chocolate raised donuts or apple fritters...and maybe some chocolate milk!  I haven't been there lately, but I used to be a regular.  The customer service is great...they would put aside my usual donuts in the morning (with my name on the bag) to make sure they wouldn't sell out of the donuts I'd be looking for!Customer service at its finest!
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,10/24/2011,34,40,2,5,3>This place is the bee's knees. Or the horse's knees. Sometimes even the ostrich's knees. Whoever's knees it is aside, Canterbury Park is awesome. The only problem is that, us being in Minnesota, we can't enjoy the track year-round. No worries, though! You'll have all winter to study those horse racing records in order to win the big pot of gold at the end of the racetrack rainbow. My favorite time to go, of course, is on a Thursday night. For $1 to enter, $1 to buy a hot dog or nachos and $2.50 for a tall glass of cold beer, this place can't be beat. I usually try to see if I can break a hot dog eating record, but I usually stop at three.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,10/23/2011,95,174,4,6,5>Where do I begin?  The Current has accomplished the following in my life:1) Resurrected my relationship with my sister, as we realized about 4 years ago that we could bond over tracks played on the Current.  Then we started going to shows together, spending more time together, and laughing and dancing a whole lot more.  Now we're more tight than ever.2) Helped me to smile while driving in to the office.  I love how beautifully random the playlist on a weekday morning can be...Prince, Florence and the Machine, Vampire Weekend, Elliott Smith, Ryan Adams...basically I can span the gap of 84 different emotions in a 20-minute car ride.  Spectacular.3) They help bring AMAZING artists to the Twin Cities!!  The in-studio performances are mesmorizing.4) The Current brings our community together over a shared passion for music.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,11/16/2010,264,422,6,3,3>I'm not changing stars or anything, coz I don't think you can give more than 5 stars. I'm just thinking out loud: is it a crime to love this place so much? Is it so wrong to eat here at least once every six weeks? I think not. But I also just wanna say that besides the Black & Blue burger, their brunch is also pretty awesome. Truffle Burger is great, albeit the chili dog is a tad too salty for me. And the bartenders are also friendly; I distinctly remember being there when they were about to close and the clocked jumped mysteriously to 3 AM instead of 2 A (DST, you get the deal); that fact has absolutely nothing to do with my review, except that Eli's is on point even when the world is out of sync! haha. (?!)
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,11/15/2010,186,185,19,4,2>Easily my favorite fun time in MPLS.Be warned. Come with your dancing shoes and a strong wrist. They play polka up until midnight and it's damn fun. After midnight, it turns into top 40 and the floor gets hopping with drunkards.The beers are massive, anywhere from a standard mug to das boot. A great value.........Okay this is probably the crappiest review I've ever written. I'm sitting here on my couch at 6:35 PM still hung over from Gasthof's. My head feels like a coconut, stomach queezy like a high school virgin, and eyes glazed like a donut.I hate you Gasthof's for making you feel this way. Go screw yourself. Because of you, Yelp will be proliferated with inarticulate, rambling reviews today as I fulfill my duty as a yelper.FML
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,11/14/2010,32,88,3,6,3>Yea!  Dessert heaven has arrived in Eagan!  I am so disappointed I did not find this delightful French cafe and bakery in Eagan sooner.  With family connections to Patrick's French Bakery, the owner of Pardon My French has scored big with a very similar menu and some superb variations.  The individual desserts such as the Mousseline (almond flavored sponge cake with layers of vanilla cream, coated in white chocolate and strawberries) and the Classic Opera cake are unbelievably good.  The danishes are sweet and buttery with delicious fillings/toppings of custards and fruits.  The white mocha is light and rich at the same time.  The cafe is large and has many window seats, large tables for gatherings, and couches for a good afternoon read.  Service is friendly and helpful in making selections.  Sandwiches and salads also look great, though I haven't tried any yet.  There is also a wine bar at one end of the restaurant.  Parking is ample and the location is easy to find just a mile east of 35E on Cliff Road.  This is my new favorite spot - I can't wait to go back!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,11/13/2010,70,77,11,7,3>I love getting drunk at lunch. This place is perfect for that. Really good sandwiches + wine/beer + free wi-fi = drunk Katherine working on her laptop at lunch making new friends with people who are doing the same thing. Order at the counter. They give you a table number and then bring your food out to you. After 5pm and on the weekends they have table service.  They also serve brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. Happy hour is from 3-6pm M-F and 9-11pm Sat and Sun.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,11/12/2010,240,322,2,5,4>I'll confine my review to a few dishes that are my absolute favorites here. Be forewarned, the dishes are generously oily and spicy hot. All these dishes are from the authentic Chinese menu. (Frankly I don't see the point of ordering from the American menu.)Boiled fish in Szechaun spices. There are 2 variations, one with cabbage and peppercorns, and one with pickled vegetables. Both have fish and tofu. All of the ingredients swim in a shimmering red broth with spices floating at the top. Have this with some sticky white rice to this and let your tastebuds luxuriate while time stands still. Dancing fish is similarly brothy but differently spicy. It contains no tofu or cabbage. Chung King spicy shrimp is very good but it used to be better when the orignial chef was here. If you didn't taste it before, this pre/post comparison won't stand in the way so go ahead and try it. They have a 2nd location in St. Paul (Little Szechuan), and are soon opening a 3rd location on the UofM campus, on University Avenue.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,11/11/2010,102,126,3,5,4>I'm sure the world does not need Yelp's 186th review to tell them how good 112 Eatery is, but oh well. I'm here to tell you....it's that good! Run, don't walk. I can't believe I waited this long to go. I highly recommend the stringozzi with lamb sugo. Everyone raves about the tagliatelle with foie gras meatballs (my hubby ordered that) and it was amazing, but I preferred my sugo. The lamb was buttery tender and really everything about it was perfect. A half portion for $8 is a steal and leaves room for you to sample everyone else's food and get dessert! My dad ordered the bone-in pork loin with cherries and port, again AMAZING. Steak tartare was delish, but if you're a big steak tartare fan you need to get your rear to Cave Vin (by far the best I've ever had....even better than the stuff in Paris!) Overall, it was an amazing dinner and very affordable given the atmosphere and quality of the food. To give you an idea of cost, dinner for 4 including 2 bottles of wine, 3 apps (steak tartare, ricotta w/ honey, scallops) 2 pastas (full order of tagliatelle w/ foie gras meatballs, 1/2 order of stringozzi with lamb sugo), 2 entrees (duck banh mi sandwich, bone in pork loin w/ cherries and port), 1 veggie side (zucchini w/ chorizo) and 2 desserts (butterscotch budino and blueberry upside down cake) was $165. I'll be back and back and back. PS - Order the budino, REALLY. It's creamy, custardy, butterscotch-y goodness with a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Worth every calorie.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,11/10/2010,114,242,2,2,3>I love Saffron so I was really happy to hear they were doing a street cart.   This a great addition to Downtown.  I had the spinach pie.  It was very flavorful.  I also got some hummus and baba with pita chips to go.   I love the hummus at Saffron so this was a wonderful treat in the middle of the work week.   I can see this being a regular spot on my lunch tour.One word to the wise though, they only take cash.   So have the dough on ya before ordering.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,11/9/2010,26,166,2,3,4>After a touch of shopping at the MOA on a Saturday earlier this month, Lindsay C. and I were downright famished. She suggested Albert's Grill from a magazine blurb she had read, and I am soooooo glad she did. Ultimately we enjoyed our experience so much that we made the trip again just three days later!As she asserts in her review, the real charm to this place is Albert himself. He possesses that amazing Southern hospitality, spends time truly getting to know his customers, and in turn makes them feel like family. That is not to say that the food suffers whatsoever. So far I have tried the Firecracker and the Breakfast Burger, both with oh-so-good gator, and both were fantastic. The $4.50 mini-pitchers of beer are a real nice touch as well.FYI... for those of you that live by plastic, know that Albert's only accepts cash or check. Bring a little extra if you come on a meat raffle night.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,11/8/2010,35,41,,11,6>I LOVE this store!  How wonderful that we now have TWO vegan specialty shops in Minneapolis - Ethique Nouveau and Fast & Furless.This not-for-profit shop is adorable & has so many great veg-friendly items.  You'll find lip balms, non-leather purses, bath salts, wallets, books, cookbooks, stickers, magnets, t-shirts, cosmetics, paintings, food, and much more!  The prices are incredibly fair, and every purchase benefits animal-related programs.The space is really warm & inviting, with soft lighting & beautiful hardwood floors.  I wanted to buy so many things when I stopped in yesterday, but I kept it to a cute/funny little sticker, a magnet (that says "Lovin' my vegan oven!"), and some AMAZING chocolate truffles with various fillings.  (Holy moly, these truffles are incredible.)Ethique Nouveau also collects fur coats (and fur-trimmed accessories) to send to wildlife rehab groups like Coats for Cubs.I really enjoyed my visit to this store yesterday & I'll be back as often as my pocketbook will allow.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,11/7/2010,66,131,4,5,4>I actually spent most of my time in the men's section at Go Vintage this afternoon, and I can't even begin to express how awesome their suit collection is.  We combed through the two full racks of suits (and I mean full), then started in on the other rack that was just suit coats.  The selection is very extensive, and they have tons of cool 40s "mobster" style suits (some three piece) that I wanted to buy just to own.  There was also a pretty awesome 80s Armani tux for sale.  (Dress a mannequin and drive around with it in the backseat of my car?  maybe)  They also had a nice, albeit small, collection of bowties, and lots of cool old shoes that were in really great condition lined the stairs on the way back up.  Upstairs in the ladies area, I have to echo Annie D and emphasize that they have hats galore.  Tons of them everywhere, many of them out of reach (both a good and a bad thing - harder to buy when you can't touch!)  I left with a sweet pair of dangly earrings and a gorgeous pair of black satin Vera Wang evening shoes that are in mint condition - for less than $60 total.  (by the way - Vera Wang is vintage already?  Only the tenth thing to make me feel old this week.)  I've been wearing them since I got home.I love it here and will be back for more!!
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2007,4/27/2008,204,522,9,7,5>Shove it, Sebastian Joe's. You too, Grand Old Creamery. I never loved either of you.Izzy's serves up delectably creamy goodness, inviting you to take an ice cream adventure with such flavors as chai, cheesecake, and key lime (and an assortment of vegan choices) and topping each order with a tiny Izzy scoop (so you can sample another flavor).  In addition to scoops, they also offer ice cream sandwiches and a cherry bomb (ice cream inside a chocolate shell). The cafe is pretty small, but there are a couple of tables if you must be seated while enjoying your treat (the place is open all year, so you may walk into the shop colder than the ice cream).Who knows what would happen if the hot fudge made by Herrell's in Massachusetts was poured over a couple of Izzy scoops. I think the world might end.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2007,4/26/2008,11,225,3,6,7>Cheese shop=5 stars, liquor store=3 stars for an average of four.  Believe it or not there are many better places to buy liquor in the Cities.  MGM for price on volume stuff, Haskells, The Cellars, Zipps and The Wine Thief for wine.  All of those places will actually have someone  to help you select your wine.  Most of the time you on your own in Surdyks and god help you if you come during the wine sale, possibly one of the most over-rated events in Twin Cities retail.  Heck I'd rather get my vodka or single malt at the tiny neighborhood store that will do a special order for me if I request it.  Just not worth the hassle to save a few pennies.  If it weren't for the cheese shop, I'd probably avoid this place completely.  The cheese shop is the best in the midwest.  I usually limit myself to three picks: an old standby like an outstanding English cheddar, something crazy I've never eaten before and something a bit eccentric that I might have to be in the mood for.  I don't know where else you can get buffalo milk mozzarella or marscapone which are essentiall ingredients in some Italian cooking.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2007,4/25/2008,34,168,7,9,8>Now I'm not much of a bowler (the gutters are out to get me, or I have a mean lefty hook (my excuses of choice)), but Memory Lanes is a satisfying place to hang out.  I can't get over the bands playing right out there on the lane.  There's something about teenaged cover bands that melts my heart.  That could also be the frequent $2 drinks.  I mean pitchers of Grain Belt and PBR are always $8.25 (pints are always $2.50).  That's just super.There really are a lot of lanes here, which makes it a happier place to bowl (for me) than BLB.  Because I like waiting even less than I like bowling and asking for both in one evening can make me a little sulky.  Don't forget your old college ID - gets you the cheap ($2) bowling most of the time.  And if you're partial to Guitar Hero or public embarrassment (yourself or watching others'), they have GH tournaments on Wednesdays.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,4/24/2008,1117,547,12,11,14>Friday night, we introduced some recent transplants from Chicago to the infamous Red Dragon. It had been quite sometime since I'd been, and Saturday morning painfully reminded me why this isn't my regular watering hole.Some of the strongest drinks in the city, this is the place to go when you want to get your loop on. The Red Dragon Special and Wondrous Punch are my two favs. But buyer/consumer beware! They have the bad idea jeans "one night stand" effect. It seems so right to order "one more round," but the next morning you totally regret your decision making. When you're in the moment, though, it's fantastic. The bar is small and kitschy. After one drink you don't even realize it's crowed.Go for the drinks and atmosphere--not for the food. Stay for the drinks. Leave in a cab. Take two aspirin in the morning.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,4/21/2008,274,290,13,14,18>For an unbelievably low price of $2.55, I get a single scoop of some of the best homemade (daily!) ice cream and sorbet I've had. Lots of unique flavors like the chocolatey Caramel Cashew, Mint Milano (mint with chunks of Milano cookies!), and the super bananaey Pavarotti (RIP man). I love their ice cream because it isn't so creamy that I feel like I am going to die from lactardedness. Only very minor complaint: why don't you have cake cones? They're my favorite.  It's alright because they've got sugar cones and a selection of various hand-dipped, homemade waffle cones. You can also get ice cream sandwiches, and this dipped ice cream pop thing...seriously, I am going to get so freakin' fat with this place just a few blocks away from me.They also have coffee, tea, baked goods, and the usual stuff for a cafe. They even have board games behind the counter! There's plenty of seating good for singles, couples, small groups, and large groups. And two Macs set up for FREE internet usage (15 min limit, don't be an asshole). But more importantly, $2.55 supplies me with a fix for my severe addictions when my internet is on the fritz (YES there is free wi-fi, but there aren't any stickers in the window indicating so).  The layout of this ice cream cafe is freakin' amazing because the main seating area is huge and far away from the register (imagine two parts to the cafe connected in the middle by a corridor).  That means that I can go on for hours and hours, slouched in the corner in this super comfortable leather chair, eyes glazed over and staring at my screen...away from the potentially glaring eyes of the staff.And if they ever do realize that I am going on Hour 3 and start to get annoyed, I say, "I gave your place 5 stars, don't judge me!"
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2007,6/22/2008,24,165,3,3,3>Typical Dunn Bros.  Cozy atmosphere, calm and collected clientele, and the best coffee in town.  I don't know how they do it.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,6/21/2008,41,18,,5,3>I came across the Caterpillar Lounge while in search of good house music on a visit from my hometown of San Francisco. I immediately felt at home here: excellent wine selection, fun and lounge-y decor, and tasty nibblers!  I visited on a Tuesday, when DJ Jon Hester hosts a weekly event called Convergence, spinning minimal house and techno.  I washed down maguro, hamachi, and salmon sashimi with glasses of Azia's house reds (the 'tender made excellent recommendations to satisfy my need for a hearty wine), while listening to the local DJ talent.  This place will be on my list for my next visit to the friendly Twin Cities.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,6/20/2008,91,132,3,6,3>Oh my goodness gracious, I never expected this fare upon my first trip to the fine city of Minneapolis.Nothing was spared, exquisite is damn appropriate verbiage, and it can easily compare and surpass any upper crustie hangout in Seattle.We shared a plethora of appetizers to start - ...well, actually I had a Bombay Sapphire with extra lime to start, heh.Ahi Tuna Tartare, Wagyu Beef & Maryland Crab Cakes. The Ahi was foodgasmic, rich and savory, yet the fish was sweet. I'm not fan of crab, but loved the seasoning of these crab cakes. And Wagyu beef prepped like this should be as illegal as street drugs. Dizzying.Then salad: I had the Chilean Sea Bass Ceviche. It tickled my palate, and wasn't as tart as some I have had, so I could still taste the fish in a pleasant way, crisp & delectable. I felt inclined to share - only a little however.We then moved on after a sorbet to cleanse away taste I actually did not want to go away... yes, we ate more....Angus Tenderloin. Knives can be excused. Buttery Bovine perfection.My friend poked me, as I apparently closed my eyes to let it play a round of pro Canadian curling with my tastebuds.She assumed I was asleep sitting up, with beef in my mouth. Dummy.We then moved onto dessert, and tho I said no as to not pass out, I partook of friend's dishes.Helllooo APPLE. Sinful spoonful of heaven to finish the meal.Both wait staff we had were professional, fun, QUICK and knowledgeable. We requested the chef come out so we could fawn over him, and he complimented us back with a chocolate array.And the poster re: the restrooms is right. The last time I saw organic materials used in interior space so beautifully was at a resort in Bali. Nothing was left untouched for your five senses here.Luckily I had a marshmallow bed to land in 4 floors above me in the Graves601 as I should not have driven after the Cosmos experience.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,6/18/2008,68,78,6,5,8>I don't happen to live anywhere near St. Paul, but I stream The Current all day, every day while becoming more and more infatuated with this organization as time goes by. I think my IPM (infatuation per minute) has risen to about 89.3! Ha, radio joke...I feel like this station (The Current, particularly) has tapped into my brain and regurgitates to me, everything I love and hold dearly, as well as show me things that I didn't know that I loved so much. On what other station can you hear The Clash, Lily Allen, The New Pornographers, Outkast, Radiohead, Wilco, MIA, and Johnny Cash all being played during the same radio show?The radio personalities are always quality individuals and not over-the-top in their broadcasting. Great, great, great choices of music and the perfect amount of commentary. Sometimes I just want to fly out to Minnesota so I can hang out with these people in the studio. Could I? We'll see. In the meantime, I will just be here, streaming The Current for 18 hours straight.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/25/2007,6/16/2008,1,17,2,7,2>The sandwiches are good toasted sandwiches. They've got a slightly different approach to the system: there are only eleven types of sandwiches, and all are the same $4.19 price (that $4.19 covers both the peanut butter & jelly and the 4-meat+ 'Italian' sandwiches). Not a real flexible menu, but you can select from two types of bread (white & wheat) and can upgrade to extra mushrooms, cheese, bacon or meat for a stock $.50 per item.Like most other sandwich shops, you can pick what type of condiments and incidentals you want: mayo, mustard, hot peppers, lettuce, onion,tomato, pickle, oil & ital. dressing, and your sandwich is made to order.I like the Wreck (salami, roast beef, turkey, ham & swiss).The biggest downside to my experience, is probably specific to the IDS location: it's in a popular location, in the busy downtown business district, and it becomes 'swamped' with customers between 11 & 1pm.In order to deal with the sizable line (which snakes from the turn-around across the shop and often out the door), the staff generally have someone stand and 'work' the line, taking and yell-relaying orders behind the counter. Or, in a somewhat NY-ish turn, they'll often have a 'lead' person behind the counter shout at customers to shout back their orders, well before they get through the line to the counter. In either case, woe be to the customer who has arrived and hasn't decided, or is mistakenly trying to carry on a conversation in line. As these folks don't have time for you to dawdle...You'll get a repeat performance at the 5-6 'cattle chutes' that they relay folks into for final assembly of the condiments on their sandwiches. The folks working the counter end of the 'chutes' are as motivated to shuffle you through as the order-taker was. So be prepared with your list of toppings, before you get in front of a human.:DIt's a highly-managed environment... more than a bit like an assembly line. To give them credit, they will crank you through the process in roughly 5mins or less. It just rubs this slower-paced Minnesotan slightly wrong to be jostled along so quickly through the process.Also, due to the high volume of customers, the noise level in the store is pretty hefty. You'll find yourself shouting to be heard by the other folks at your table (if you can find an open one...).They often will have in an acoustic guitarist to play and sing from a somewhat bizarre crouched little stagelet/loft above the proceedings below (he sits in a space that appears to have roughly 4' of headroom). But the store ambient noise level is so high, you'll seldom be able to hear him play.Like I said, the sandwiches are good. And it's a popular lunch spot with my co-workers. So I generally end up eating here several times a month.Oh, and you can find details, including a full faxable menu, at the location's page at potbelly's main site: potbelly.com
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,6/15/2008,1948,4780,1,5,4>I read about Open Book (aka Minnesota Center for Book Arts) recently in the New York Times and decided to stop by while I was in town.  It's a managable walk from various downtown locations, but parking is readily available otherwise.It's a beautiful space with a definite community centre (with lots of mixed use) feel.  The coffee shop is nice and comfortable and the book store has some really quality artistic work at decent prices.  I also enjoyed some of the exhibits.  I didn't have a chance to sample any of the classes, but there were lots of people there who seemed to be having a good time learning the art.  I also found the people in the book store to be very knowledgable and friendly.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2008,6/14/2008,102,347,4,4,5>Fatso's moved in to the space next to Pizza Luce last fall, and probably has yet to get to its full potential.  I'm glad to see it's still around.  First of all, at a place called Fatso's, please do not order the quesadilla, no matter how vegetarian you are.  My dining partners and I were all more than satisfied with our burgers, however the quesadilla left a little to be desired.Fatso's offers a few different burgers - Pizza, Bacon Cheese, etc, but I really prefer getting the "mini," which isn't really that mini.  I think the seasoned fries are better than the sweet potato fries, but I'm also not much for sweet potatoes.I'd love to see this place get a killer happy hour - cheap cheap beer with appetizer specials.  Fatso's - you listening?  :)
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2008,6/13/2008,147,345,3,3,5>We have eaten here a few times in the past and the food is about what you would expect from a sports bar. The same goes with the atmosphere - TVs on all over the place and a noise level I am never comfortable with. I get distracted by shiny things so conversing with me when I keep getting distracted by the TV over your head doesn't make for delightful company. The last time we ate at Al Baker's we went for burgers. We were craving big yummy burgers and decided to go to Al's rather than the other chains in our area. We ordered our burgers and they asked how we wanted them prepared. This has become a bit of a joke for the husband and I because we go out - we order a burger medium  - and it comes back well. This time was no exception. So when the wait person came back my husband showed her his burger and mentioned that it was well and not medium as was mine. He told her they were fine - we were OK eating them the way they were but if you are going to ask how we want them prepared and then not do it - I am going to let you know. Soon after this the owner of the restaurant came up (Very nice woman) and shook hands with me (even though I was a ketchuped mess) and apologized for the burger quality. She gave us our burgers for free so our entire bill was just the two coffee's we drank. Her doing that really made a difference to me. Knowing that the owner cares about the quality of her food going out - enough so that she would apologize to us and comp our meals - it makes me willing to go back there again.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2008,6/12/2008,3,16,2,4,4>It was a freezing winter wednesday when I was dragged around downtown Minneapolis by my fiance and his UM gradschool friends. As we wandered into this place, it reminded me of my own favorite college bars. Dim, dirty, and so much sports crap hanging from the ceiling - it's gotta scream fire hazard.The highlights: karoake, cheap beer and pull tabs! Richie from New Jersey owned the mic this particular night - and by the looks of it, you might see him (and Pam) if you stop in midweek.He does a mean Billy Joel and dances too!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2008,6/11/2008,27,96,3,2,3>According to Anthony Bourdain (I think ... one of them famous food snobs, anyway), the Twin Cities have the best Vietnamese food in the country.  Score!  I was hoping for a really good lunch, but I was disappointed.  I suppose it's not their fault I was so hungry I ordered one of their pre-fab dishes.  Stupid white girl.  It's not entirely their fault that it  was 2 pm so the beef with veggies had been sitting under those heat lamps for a while.  It was fine, with veggies less mushy than they could have been after all that time, but it wasn't the lunch I'd dreamed of.  They have lots of interesting sandwich and snacky choices, plus other hot stuff for those who aren't as starved as I was yesterday.  I hope, and expect, that their made-to-order stuff is better.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,2/5/2009,441,746,7,19,16>This bar is closed to the public for the majority of the year.Then for the 1st Monday of the month for several months, they open the doors and have a craft/garage sale with handmade trinkets and whatnots.It is totally worth a trip.I mean, the bar is just as cool as can be, straight outta the 20's when Ma Barker sat in a fur, drinking, smoking, shootin deadly glances at whoever dared.F Scott and Zelda hung out here.  Just spectacular.The bartender ran out of Gin to go with my tonic  and he asked his helper to get some more gin.What does she do but opens a small door behind the bar that she crawls into.  Slow enough at first that I thought it was a deep fridge and the gin was in the back...head, chest, torso, legs...poof...gone.  I peer behind her to see a cellar with lights and brick walls and shelves  Turns out it is a secret (not anymore!) passage into the basement where they store stuff.Of course, it was also a handy escape route during Prohibition.....If the Commodore (owned by the University Club) were open to the public, I would go at least once a week just to soak up all the Jazz age vibe that still hangs in the air.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,2/4/2009,89,213,6,12,10>despite the bad memories this place causes me due to the closure of its neighbor, the amazing new york city bakery (best salt sticks and bialys known to minnesotan man), the pleasure that this lunch buffet brought me makes me want to count the seconds before this gem has a line out the door longer than the upcoming new kids on the block reunion tour (WTF?????).   they are still trying to figure out the timing of when to bring things out- so you may have to wait for the rice or the naan, but i would wait for godot for that spicey, perfectly cooked, best indian buffet ever.  i had gotten some take out a couple days before, chicken korma (get it medium spiced at least) and some lamb naan, just to test them out. getting korma is like getting pad thai at a thai place, good first item to get as predictor. it was goooooood.ordering off the menu, not surprisingly, is better than the buffet. the buffet is still better than ordering off the menu at any other indian restaurant in mpls. go
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,2/3/2009,102,126,3,7,3>Went here for a romantic birthday dinner in mid December.  When I called to make a reservation the man who helped me was extremely helpful and sweet.....complimented my name, asked if there was anything special about the evening.  I told him it was husband's birthday & he said he would find us a "cozy" spot and would be working the night we came in.  You don't get service like that everywhere so it was appreciated.  We had the $35 five course tasting menu and $14 wine flight.  It was fun to try a little of everything along with suggested wines with each course.  I don't remember exactly everything we had, but there was some sort of duck confit (fabulous), coconut curry soup (good), frog legs (not-so-good...quite bland and kinda fishy in a bad way)....there was more but I don't remember.  All-in-all it was good, but for $100+ even at 5 courses, I wouldn't call this a deal.  It was fun for a special occasion, but the menu seems slightly over-ambitious or something.  They did bring out a free dessert (don't remember what that was either) with a little candle in it, very nice.  I guess I liked this place, I didn't love it.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,2/2/2009,1,7,3,6,4>If you're like me you looked at the name, then the location, and then you rubbed your eyes.  If I were to play the food/neighborhood association game with people, they might say sushi for uptown or downtown, but never Plymouth-town.  But, rest assured that however improbable, it is true, you can find good Sushi here.  They have a full menu including all the sides you'd expect.  They serve it up fresh, and on Sundays there's a resonable (~$18) all you can eat.  The staff is friendly and the service is quick.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,1/31/2009,54,72,4,7,6>I have lived here since June and I adore my building. It is a beautiful hotel that was built in the 20s and was transformed into apartments at some point. I really would love to research the history of the building because I am a total curious dork about things like that. I love the old restored entrance complete with courtyards and a fountain, the old architecture and fixtures that adorn the building throughout, the antique features in each apartment.I love the proximity to Loring Park, the Walker, Downtown. The caretakers are really good and also hooked me up with most of the furniture I currently have. Laundry is on site. The Oak Grove Grocery is right next door.Best of all, they allow dogs. My puppa has lots of new friends.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/30/2009,7,62,9,7,7>I really like this Y.  It's not nearly as pretentious as the uptown Y.  It's not pretentious at all, really (maybe b/c it doesn't seem like everyone's looking for a date?).    Anyway, you go, do your thing.  That's it.Sure the machines are not brand new, but the new machines will come.  Do me a favor though.  When you sign up for a machine, use THAT machine.  Today I got the, "Yeah, I signed up for T2, but it wasn't open yet so I got on this one (T5, The machine I signed up for)."   She moved, but seriously?
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/29/2009,2,8,3,8,5>Monster Mattress sells floor models, scratch & dents, overstock and clearance mattresses. I wanted a queen bed and found a Sealy Posturepedic mattress for $500 (the box spring wasn't its match, but they threw it in for no extra cost). On the day it was to be delivered, I got a call saying the truck was on its way and would be out between a certain time. When the delivery guys were 15 minutes away, they called to let me know. The two guys removed my old mattress and box spring and got my new mattress and box spring set up in about 15 minutes. They were also conscientious and removed their shoes so as not to track snow in my home. Great product, great service - would definitely buy from them again.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/28/2009,9,26,9,17,8>Uptown Tattoo is a fantastic tattoo shop.  It's all custom, no walls of flash to flip through and figure out what you want.  The best part is that if you have an idea of what you want or what you like, the artists are able to create something beautiful for you.  They will take the time to create the perfect piece that you 100% love.I am currently in the process of getting a chest piece from the awesome Tom Strom and he is literally blowing me away with it.  Part of the tattoo is a cover-up -- one that several tattoo artists have said was impossible to cover.  Tom said to me, "No problem, we can cover that".  That was very refreshing to hear.The service is excellent, the facility is very clean and sanitary and there's an all-around great vibe in the shop.  If you want a unique, satisfying tattoo experience, go to Uptown.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/27/2009,66,139,7,10,9>This place is awesome.  Such a large space for handmade crafty merchandise mixed with quality goods for the home and bath mixed with art pieces mixed with gifts for the kids.  It appears as though the long awaited cultural revitalization on the riverfront is indeed coming to be.  If you like what the Bibelot Shops are trying to achieve in local commerce but prefer the inventory at I Like You!, this is the store for you.  If that last statement meant nothing to you, you should visit each of those three shops and tell me if you agree.  Until then, I highly recommend CorAzoN, despite the bothersome capitalization, for all your locally made artsy gift needs.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,1/26/2009,26,154,3,9,6>I only thought you can buy their books online, but there are stores in town!  How awesome!  This store is located in a retail strip, so be prepared to circle around for parking.  Thank goodness for this store, because I hate purchasing books for double the price...say at Barnes or Borders.  And most of us read them once, so, that is so nice!  There are an array of books here, for the most part, easy to find the section you're looking for.  It's kind of a small area for so many books, so when there are a lot of people looking around, it gets kind of chaotic.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,9/8/2014,97,74,4,8,5>For the past three years, The Chair has been my haunt for haute hair help and happiness haven. It's a place where I get to relax, sip on some much needed wine or tea, and let Hannah, stylist extraordinaire, shape my mane into something praiseworthy.The Chair is a two-story salon that is decked out in a mixture of great vintage and rustic décor (I always walk away with design ideas). The owners and staff are incredibly friendly, accommodating, and professional. Hannah has been my go-to-gal for all of my styling needs. I've had variations of the same haircut for some time now, but I ALWAYS get compliments on the job Hannah does. She's also colored my hair a couple times and did a great job at making the color look natural.  I have multiple friends who see various stylists at The Chair for their cutting, coloring, and waxing needs, and all of them sing their praises.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,9/7/2014,52,170,6,5,6>So you have some friends in town that you want to impress with a bit of MSP style? This is a great entry into the mix. I doubt you will find something similar anywhere. Good drinks, extremely inviting staff, and an awesome theme. This place is laid back and more quiet than most nearby such as suzies. Make sure to check out the mens restroom, I'm still having nightmares!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,9/6/2014,11,106,3,4,7>Compared to the Happy Gnome this place is more causal, and laid back but still has an excellent beer/whiskey menu.  Plus, the food is out of this world pub grub with a touch of class.This place is everything I was hoping it would be.  It's dark, but inviting.  A real old-school-neighborhood-pub atmosphere.  My wife and I shared a couple appetizers and were very impressed.  We shared a small booth in the bar area.  Our server was great and very accommodating. He even let us split a black velvet made from two half pours of Guinness and a bottle of Hornsby's!They had some soft bluesy classic rock coming in over the speakers at a low enough volume to sing along with quietly but still converse with your table without having to shout at each other.  Excellent spot of whiskey lovers, beer snobs, and folks that expect a little more than boring bar food. Can't wait to come back.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,9/5/2014,34,156,4,5,6>This place is mad expensive for me typically, but it was restaurant week!  I went for lunch with a friend and we luckily got to sit out on the patio to overlook the court.  It was awesome to be able to people watch while we were chatting.  Since it was restaurant week we got a choice between a few meals and a dessert for $20+tax.  We decided to share the mac-n-cheese and the open-faced steak sandwich with a side salad.  Everything was smashingly delicious! I never really eat that fancy for lunch and it was tasty.  The house dressing on the salad greens was light and tangy.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium well with some added veggies.  I forgot to mention that we were greeted with a basket of warm bread and herb infused butter to get us thinking before we ordered. Mmmmm!Lastly, as part of the deal, we tried tiramisu and chocolate cake with homemade vanilla ice cream.  Please look at my photos of these deserts and you might get the idea of how flavorful they really were.  The best was the tiramisu cake and the ice cream, which came in an adorable glass canister.  It was smart for Basils to be part of restaurant week, because now after my lunch  experience, I would go again!
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,9/4/2014,75,130,3,4,5>I'm Chinese, so going to give my Yelp-Asian-food bias here.This is a pretty small hole in the wall, but it's pretty legit, yo. I'm not sure I'd rank it on the "Top 10 St. Paul restaurants" (that's how I discovered it), but overall, it's pretty good. While the ambience is a bit lacking (e.g., fluorescent lights, small dining tables, etc.), the food is worth it. Now, we don't typically mix Chinese food with Cambodian, but this place does it pretty well. I like to come here on a cold winter night for some comfort food. The chive cakes are the man reason why I come back - so bad for you, yet so good. The curry is delicious, and overall the menu is huge. If you like to explore ethnic food, worth the drive to Frogtown.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,9/3/2014,10,15,10,7,10>I have a great friend who used to write on her Facebook "I'm at church", when she was actually at Trader Joe's. I totally get where she's coming from when I'm at the Wedge. It's like coming out of a great yoga session or a relaxing massage. It's like no matter how stressful life is, the moment I walk through that single automatic door, all that beautiful colorful produce just melts all my worries away. I think my love for it also comes from the fact that it is literally a 5-10 minute walk away from me. The convenience of the Wedge is unbeatable for me. Because I live so close, it's like my very own version of "Cheers", the place where everybody knows my name. Okay okay, nobody working there really actually knows my name, it's more like a, "you come here so much I can't help but recognize you" type of deal. Especially when its hot out and I go there sometimes twice a day for their delicious coconut soft-serve. An aside about the coconut soft-serve. Do you remember that scene in Garden State where Natalie Portman tells Zach Braff to listen to a Shins song because, "It'll change your life, I swear." Well, that Shins song definitely didn't change my life. What Natalie should have said is to try the twist coconut soft-serve at the Wedge, then maybe I would have liked that movie more after realizing it was toying with my collegial pretentious "I'm so special and so mysterious" ego. I'm telling you, coconut soft-serve is a TOTAL GAME CHANGER.One gripe that I do have with the Wedge is their selection. The moment I walk into Whole Foods near Lake Calhoun, a part of me can't believe how much I've been deprived. Whole Foods is seriously like the Saks Fifth of organic food, its absolutely beautiful. But what Wedge lacks in size and variety is made up for by the community it creates. I feel proud that I'm a stake-holder in the Wedge, that I can vote on board members, and that the dude who gives me advice on my produce is being paid a livable wage and has health insurance. The area around Whole Foods isn't called the Whole Foods neighborhood for a reason. I'm lucky to live in Uptown, but luckier to be a proud inhabitant of the Wedge neighborhood. An inhabitant who has easy access to tasty frozen coconut milk gold.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,9/2/2014,33,221,10,11,10>Bun.  ( Thit Nuong, Cha Gio, Tom, Ga Nuong? ) Yes, please. If you want a salad, and you want grilled protein, and you want the OG of hot-side-hot-cold-side-cold convenience food price with real-food delight, here is the place. Forget everyone else.  Hoàng Thiên Ý Deli died a slow sad death - My Huong Kitchen is a suitable Phoenix rising to take it's spot as the Champion of Bun Thit Nuong.Serious throwdown with everything on University Ave, in my opinion, none are better.  Why?  Because it's fresh. Crunchy.  And it's not calibrated for Lake Wobegon. You get mint, lemongrass, cilantro, Nuoc Cham that doesn't suck, shallots, and chive infused oil - in other words - THE RIGHT WAY - all while the vegetables aren't half wilted or just some halfassed iceberg.I haven't even addressed the meat or protein you want, because it will be amazing.  Just. Amazing. Lean. Sweet-but-not-too. Perfect.Smoothies - a good accompaniment to whatever, definitely better than powder-in-a-bag boba.They should be driving here from St. Paul for this.Other virtues:  This place is friendly to the Nth, seriously, clean and even cute inside, and run with smarts and business sense, like it wants to stay open and even grow.Is anything at all less than perfect? Nobody's perfect. This place is close.I've had Pho here, also - it's good, don't get me wrong -  but it's not as DROP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND DRIVE HERE as the Bun.Now -  I like my Pho more on the slightly watery way more star-anise side of things, so I find this a little salty.  I'm liable to be enjoying brunch-strength Pho at Pho Tau Bay - so that's where I'm coming from.If Pho79 is weak to you (It's good to me) but Quang's is just salty and gross to you - there's a good likelihood you'll like this Pho best of all.   I had the special - of everything in it, the meatballs and the sliced beef are really above-par, so those are the ingredients I'd go for in a re-match.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,9/1/2014,38,82,8,9,9>I LOVE YOU, I LIKE YOU! I came here the other day to pick up a house warming gift. The folks even said they wanted a gift card to Home Depot or some other junk but I said, "No way! I'm going to I Like You! Kitchen towels for the win!"And so I did. In fact, this is pretty much my go-to place for gifts to people who have either just moved to MN/MPLS or moved away from MN/MPLS/midwest.Want a Tshirt that displays MN & WI as besties? How about a print of a favorite MPLS landmark? A locally made soap/make-up/hair clip/necklace? A locally made notebook made from recycled materials? Dude, go here! And bring your kids! (There are always small children here plus there is a nifty play corner for them!) And everyone is so happy and friendly and there's A SWING INSIDE!PS I really need to get back there and pick up a terrarium kit. That thing looked so darn rad.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,8/31/2014,41,188,4,4,6>You wouldn't know it but north Brooklyn Park has a Thai Triangle going on. There's 3 restaurants that serve Thai food within a 2 mile radius and Thai Cuisine has been my favorite of the three. For one, it's super cheap and two, everything I've tried has been so far so good.The Pad Thai here comes in a huge portion. Every time I order it, the look and flavor has never been the same but it's always been good. Their other noodle dishes are savory and well made but don't come in Pad Thai portions. You can get Chicken Pad Thai for under $9 here. That price gets you noodles and maybe some tofu at most places.They also have some dishes you don't see much in other Thai places. For instance, they have pad gra pow, a minced meat basil dish topped with a fried egg. I got the pork version and it as chock full of basil (loved) but was also chock full of pork skin (didn't love so much). It tasted great but the chicken choice just might have more protein.And I can't stop ordering their Sesame Pork- no relation to the batter fried Chinese Sesame Pork. It's a lot like Thai beef jerky in texture. If you're a fan of the Tea House's Tiger Pork, this is probably a less greasy alternative to that. It's super good and again super cheap.As for the usual menu items, the papaya salad here is solid and they give you a lot.If you're going to be in the Thai Triangle area (aka North Brooklyn Park), check this place out.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,8/30/2014,15,94,4,7,3>I'm late to the party with my review of Q-Fanatic. If it weren't so out of the way I'd be a regular. As it is, I've taken out from here a number of times over the years. Just never got around to a review 'till now. Oh well. Maybe better late than never.In short, this is real deal, locally owned BBQ. Very good ribs, brisket and pulled pork with outstanding sauces. I'll add that somehow the multiple choice sauces here don't seem as gimmicky as at the Rack Shack. Maybe that's unfair but they just do, at least to me. All of the sides are very good with a special nod toward the Cole Slaw, Parmesan Potatoes Gratinee, Baked Beans and the New Potato Salad. They also are generously sized.I keep hoping they'll open a location nearer to my home. But, maybe it's just as well they haven't. I already have a number of excellent, relatively nearby options and adding Q-Fanatic might expand my waistline by several inches which I can ill afford. Let it remain an occasional treat.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,7/18/2011,58,30,3,4,4>There's not a more perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon in Minneapolis.  Strolling outside, sipping an organic tea, listening to live music and eating a pastry along the river with the view of the stone arch bridge.  I told you it's perfect.  I am obsessed (in a non-creepy way) with the Mill City Farmer's Market.  Everything from basil plants, to handmade soaps, to organic clothing and market omelets. This place is the one stop hipster shop. Make sure to mind your toes - those strollers leave quite a mark!
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,7/17/2011,10,34,,10,4>If I could shop here every day, I probably would.If you need a unique or specific cut of meat, this is the place to go.Everyone I've dealt with is very helpful, not judgemental - willing to answer questions that most would probably think are dumb. The selection is great as well.  I usually get some monster chicken breast which as super tasty, not split - and HUGE!  also some pork butt perfect for making pulled pork sandwiches.  There's also a huge selection of rubs, spices and sauces.  If you were looking for something specific and haven't been able to find it somewhere else, you'll probably find it here. I haven't tried it yet, but they have a really big selection of pre-marinated meat as well.  Lots of varieties of chicken breasts that are ready for the grill/oven - no need to spice yourself!To get there, you have to deal with the ongoing/neverending 169 construction (or at least I do) which is a little annoying, but it's surprisingly easy to find and worth the drive.  This is NOT a Chain, doesn't look or feel like a chain.  This is the real-deal with a bigger selection than the chain butchers and more helpful staff. If you are planning a big party or cookout and want to do something more than burgers and hot dogs, do yourself a favor and stop here first!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,7/16/2011,63,127,10,2,3>"I could use a big wiener." "That's what she said." ... and that comment was enough to lead us to The Wienery! Small. A little dirty. Tight place. But the wieners... totally delicious. The 'dog with fried onions and green peppers and the Italian sausage 'dog with chili and cheese were definite winners. Slap a couple of potatoes with it to share. All of that for $8.25. Yep, $8.25. That's it. And waters - help yourself at the counter. I'll definitely be back for round two (that's what she said).
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,7/15/2011,27,37,4,6,5>Like everyone else has mentioned, this place is well-hidden on bustling Hennepin Avenue. The exterior isn't particularly inviting, but the inside was cozy, dimly lit and perfect for a cutesy dinner with my mom. The bread. The BREAD. Dear god, the bread. I struggled a little bit over what to order for a main course, but finally decided upon the gnocchi with chicken picatta mortadella capers and lemon butter, and was a happy girl with the results. My mom had ravioli with truffle brown butter, which seemed to melt the second it hit your mouth. Overall, everything was delicious. And, despite feeling like a stupid Millennial for mentioning foursquare to our adorable, old waiter with the crinkly eyes, you get a free glass of house wine every time you check in!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/14/2011,72,35,5,3,3>BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH! OH MY GOD! HOT! HOT! OH NO!That's what races through my mind when a giant splash of hot coffee lands on my leg. Yes. They spilled coffee on me (and I hate coffee ((even just the smell of it)) so much).But you know what, they made it right. Instantly. The manager was over and offered my companion and I a drink on the house. We asked for mimosas (as it was breakfast time). They were out. But we got a delicious Pims concoction instead.Our breakfast was to the highest standard we could expect. I used to live across the street from them and I can solidly recommend the breakfast sandwich, the pancakes and biscones and gravy. I've never been dissatisfied with the food. Even got a batch of the frozen veggie burgers for home. They are the best veggie burgers in this city and don't fall apart when you bake them. You will not be disappointed.You will enjoy and your pants will dry.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,7/13/2011,108,154,,7,6>After a little shopping venture @ Rewind, it was lunch time and I was in need for a pick me up. An employee told us to check out Amici for a bite to eat, and we decided to go down the street and check it out.  What a pleasant surprise! This quaint Italian family owned restaurant just opened in February, and has been getting tons of traffic lately due to their recent Groupon deal that sold out (2,000 sold!), so be sure to make a reservation if you plan on going here for dinner.  They also use tons of local products and ingredients, which is a awesome plus too.The owner is a doll, and the service was wonderful.  Our waitress chatted with us about their business ventures, the previous ice cream shop that had the space, and was so sweet, continuously checking in with us.  I was instantly drawn to the pastas, as Buccatini is one of my favorite kinds!  My mother had the Apple salad, which was a nice blend of mixed greens, roasted apples, walnuts, gorgonzola, and a delicious apple cider vinaigrette.  Each was delectable, especially the apple salad, as it also included a toasted baguette topped with apple chutney.They offer gluten free options as well with their pizzas and offer half off bottles of wine on Wednesday nights! They also deliver (woohoo!) and there is a coupon on their website for $3 off (amiciusa.com/COUPONS.php).  Bon Appetit!
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,7/12/2011,70,77,8,10,7>I've driven past this place dozens of times but since I'm a wuss I only dream about the tattoos and piercings I want to get but know I won't. I do, however, have my belly button pierced and since my belly is ever-expanding due to a fetus currently inhabiting my body it was about damn time I got the regular ring taken out and a maternity one put in. Since I'm a huge procrastinator, I waited until I couldn't take it anymore and called to see if they had any pregnancy belly rings and was told they could do something for me. Awesome! So the next day I went in and spoke with Verno, the owner, and he made one and put it in for me. Even better! He was incredibly awesome and decided to give me the ring for free since he said I have to push a watermelon out of me in a few months. The shop was super clean (and nicely decorated) and everyone that I met that works there was very friendly. If I ever work up the courage to get the tattooes and piercings I've been coveting, this is the place I'd hit up.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,7/11/2011,147,345,2,2,4>I stopped in here for a cup of coffee after getting my yarn fix at The Yarnery. I ordered a Turtle Latte and waited while they made it. The place is really clean and had a nice attitude about it. When my coffee was handed over with REAL whip cream (not spray can whip cream) and caramel dripping off the whip cream I smiled. When I took my first sip I stopped dead in my tracks. The cold whip cream combined with the yummy sticky caramel and the hot coffee coming in after wards - It blew my mind. I can't tell you how heavenly it was! Total mouth-gasm. How the hell am I going to drink Caribou now?!?! I am ruined. I also foresee me spending more time on Grand Avenue in the future so I can get more! Super Yum! Thanks Cafe Latte!
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,7/10/2011,34,89,,3,5>YUM! I stopped in over the weekend for lunch. The staff was very helpful taking time to explain the sandwiches and suggesting beers. Their passion for good food was contagious! The Tuna Confit on focaccia was delicious! No canned tuna here. Freshly  cooked tuna, olive tapenade, and cucumbers -I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! I followed it up with an orgasmic chocolate mousse cake- layers of moist chocolate cake and chocolate mousse.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,7/8/2011,441,746,2,6,1>Really great venue. My first visit was to see the last performance of the Spaghetti Western String Co (and their cd release show).It was great even though the AC was broken. MN Originals was filming for an upcoming episode on TPT.Great show, great venue. They are working on getting the AC fixed so they can have more shows in the summer.I did feel that I was in a gymnasium, with the folding chairs and the small wood plank floor, which only added to the hometown/family/community feel of the place.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/11/2013,56,120,4,7,3>Finally!  A great concept that actually has a solid chance of making it,  at what seems like a cursed location.  For the last three years, I have watched this place change names/hands three times - the Favor Cafe, Los Lagos, and Viva Brazil.  What makes this place so different???  Well, they actually did more than just a fresh coat of paint.  The interior is completely redesigned and refreshed inline with the concept of the venue - an irish pub.  And they opened just ahead of a major Irish/American holiday, in an area that had an underrepresentation of Irishness - Uptown.Walking up, the place was packed.  I think there might have been more people in the place than visited Los Lagos and Viva Brazil combined in their lifetime.  Inside is open, bright and very much like a pub with exposed wood and no frills.  There is even a stage at the far corner, which is blocked by the line to the bathrooms, that I suspect could host a band.Oh the bathrooms.  Honestly, the only reason this place lost a star.  As a woman, I am used to standing in line for a bathroom.  But when I have to share that line with men, complaining about the number of "holes" in the men's restroom, and then trying to avert my eyes because they decide to share the facility and not to shut the door...I know it is bad.  Not to mention the language discrepancy - Lads and Ladies.  Both plural terms for singular accomodations...and if we wanted to stay authentic yet ignore the number, it should be "Lassies".  Definitely some confusion and room for improvement here.Otherwise, my first visit was a great one - they have a great selection of tap beers and a full bar.  I saw a few people eating, but did not yet have an opportunity to try the food.  The space is great, open and fresh - with great wood in the ceiling and exposed brick throughout.  Plenty of tables for groups and a great bar to hang by.  You really do get a pub feel with the added bonus of  great windows to keep tabs on the Lake Street traffic.I'm excited for this new addition and really believe that it has the staying power that the others were lacking.  Good luck Morrissey's - I know I will be back and encourage others to check it out as well.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/10/2013,147,73,4,7,5>Hubs and I had a babysitter and decided to eat an early dinner as this place has been on our list for awhile.  Every time we think of going it's a crazy wait.  We got to G+TD at 5:15 and there was already a bit of a wait but the kind owner "squeezed" us in.  Our server was patient, knowledgeable and kind.  Hubs got the fish and chips and I got the Asian Hangover.  We both were incredibly happy with the entire experience and the food was impeccable.  I can't wait to go back to try out the brunch.  Looking around it seemed everyone at that time of night had (very well behaved) kids (I am learning that parents with young kids eat early dinners out :)).  All seemed happy with the food and experience.  I loved the kid friendly/laid back atmosphere, high quality food, beer menu, and reasonable prices.  I'm a fan a big fan.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/9/2013,14,60,4,9,7>OK here goes: I'm in love with this restaurant because they offer OFFICIALLY the best appetizer I've ever had in my entire life. Spicy Potatoes. They're just untouchable. They're piping hot, fresh, organic, and SPICY. The flavor is insane. I can't describe it, I can just say it brings me to tears.The environment is charming, the staff is charming, the location is charming, and it's all so cozy. Who doesn't love Organic, Fresh, Yummy Nepalese cuisine? It's too good.I've now been there twice, and ordered the same thing both times. As you can no doubt read in all the other reviews, there are tons of great curry dishes to try from, so I'm a bit embarrassed to say that I ordered the same exact thing both times. It's stupid not to venture out, but sometimes when something is so good, it's worth ordering twice. This, for me, was one of the curries available on Sundays: OKRA. Eventually, I'll make it through a Yelp review without reminding you I'm from the south, but it needs to be said here. I'm from the south so I like spicy food, and I love Okra, prepared ANY way. I'm also obsessed with Southasian Food, so it's really a win-win for me here... It's a creamy, tangy Okra dish that is truly mouthwatering.They offer tons of hip hot teas and chais, if you're into that. They have yummy fresh veggie sides, and good desserts, and tasty Lassi drinks.BONUS: Every day of the week is a different Box Lunch special. With that, you get a bed of rice, a bean-based side, some kind of cucumber salad thing, a savory garbanzo bean side, a mini-dessert, and your choice of a few different main dishes. That's how I found out about the Okra dish. (On Sundays, there's the Okra dish, but also Hot &Tangy Lamb Curry!!) This whole box lunch comes for just $9.00 and is so filling, and so yummy! Most days offer both meat and veggie options, which reminds me: This menu is littered with Vegan dishes or options to make other things Vegan-friendly. If that's a dietary need for you, then Namaste is a MUST!
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,5/8/2013,87,495,4,6,4>I am not much into hardware stuff, but I was seriously impressed with this place. While I do not know if they have all the right stuff at the right prices, the people who work here are amazing. All I needed was to make a copy of a key, and I had a couple of questions about a shower head. Boy, these people know their stuff and they can make you a key in under a minute.  Everyone was very friendly, knowledgeable and I felt that my business was valued here.   Maybe one day when I do get my dream house, I shall come here for all of my do it yourself projects around the house!!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,5/7/2013,7,99,,7,2>The fiance tasked me with finding a place to eat dinner Saturday night on our way to a friends house for a gathering.  A quick search on Yelp led me to Dixie Blue.  I wasn't exactly sure what to expect other than that it's a BBQ joint.  I would compare it's setup to either Dickey's or the Rack Shack.  That is, you go in, order from the counter and the food is brought out to you shortly after that.  Menu options are similar as well.We both opted for the two meat plate which also comes with cornbread and two sides.  I had the pork and brisket with baked beans and creamed corn.  She had the chicken and brisket with sweet potato fries and creamed corn.  My pork was good, nice and moist, not at all dry.  That being said, it didn't really have any smokey flavor to it.  The brisket was good as well, it did have a nice subtle smokiness to it.  I generally prefer chopped brisket, this was sliced, but still good.  Creamed corn was really good.  The beans were so-so, they tasted a bit of ketchup which I didn't care for but on the plus side, they did have chunks of pork in them so that was nice.  I tasted a bit of the fiance's chicken and it was quite good.  Smokey but not dry.  The cornbread was excellent.  There were some kind of peppers on top, I believe candied jalapenos that added a nice sweet zing.The staff was quite helpful with the fiance's questions about gluten free options.  They definitely knew their stuff.  As I recall, all their meat is GF, all their sides are GF with the exception of the corn bread.  Their two housemade sauces are not GF, however.  That being said, they have a non-housemade sauce availabe that is GF.Overall the meal was great and the services was excellent.  However I do have two complaints about Dixie Blue.  First, the prices.  The two meat plate is $17!  If I'm not mistaken, similar menu options at their competitors are closer to $10.  My other complaint, and this isn't even really a complaint, more of a personal preferences, the sauces.  They have two sauce options, hot and mild.  These were both good, the mild was flavorful and the hot was spicey but not overpowering.  That being said, I would prefer to see more sauce options, something like a North Carolina style vinegar sauce or a Georgia mustard based sauce would make me very happy and less hesitant to pay $17 for a meal here.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,5/6/2013,223,363,3,6,4>Take me away, auto-belay. I've always like climbing when the opportunity presented itself sporadically. But let's face it; it is not cheap. But then I found myself a single lady again with tons of time on my hands. And I'm a grownup with a job, so I can splurge now and again.The Mpls location is great for newbies and people going alone. There are many auto-belays, which eliminates the need for a partner to belay you. You get belayed by a machine instead. There are cons of course; not being able to take a break while climbing up a 60ft wall, but it's minor for beginners.The digs are in a former ice house, so many of the routes are situated on VERY TALL WALLS. For the acrophobic, there are shorter walls on the second floor and bouldering walls on the first. It does tend to get crowded with kids, so go later in the evening.To cut down on costs, I would recommend two things. One, look for a 1/2 off admission coupon in one of the weekly rags. Two, wear low-profile athletic shoes. Nothing with too much padding or it'll become difficult to position your foot on the holds. Then you'll only have to pay for harness rental ($5) and a day pass. Easy peasy.Parking is crappy too; Icehouse, Azia, Eat Street Social share the same measly parking lot with VE. I end up parking on Pillsbury, which is a mildly intimidating walk alone when it gets dark. But overall, minor quibbles.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,5/5/2013,84,275,,9,1>It is a family restaurant, meaning I felt like I was at the owners' house instead of at a restaurant. And I loved it.The menu is rather long and it has plenty of options, including a large vegetarian selection. The items are traditional Somali fare and I personally liked it much more than Fasika.The place is a sit down kind of place with the level of prices and service typical of the ethnic places with this format (~$8-$12 for most entrees) and it is great for longer lunch breaks. On Thursday it runs an all you can eat buffet (which I still didn't get an occasion to try) and it has a special for students (I think is around $6 or $7 for an entree).It is a great new addition to the area and I can see myself going back there when I want to treat myself to a longer lunch break.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,5/4/2013,108,154,,5,3>I adore this shop (& the others throughout MPLS, too). This is my go-to gift shop for all occasions, people, & things. And I'm not kidding.  A sampling of their merchandise, includes:1) Minneapolis (non-tacky) gifts galore. I snatched up an awesome local MN cookbook to bring to some friends in Norway.2) Weird, yet delightful trinkets.  They carry Swag Brewery soap which smells like your beer of choice (i.e. Surly Furious).3) Cards of all sorts, and beautiful wrapping paper.  They have a terrific local card selection, and supply my favorite cards made by Curly Girl.Come here to be inspired, to browse, and likely leave with something unexpected.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,5/3/2013,62,122,1,3,1>The best frozen yogurt I've had in the Twin Cities!I tried this new location out with much excitement and I absolutely love it! I like the theme of having it marketed to be like a "lab" where they have the flavors listed like a periodic table and chemistry equations on the wall. This place is so high-tech and the cashier uses an ipad mounted on the counter in place of a traditional cash register. The interior design is very edgy and modern. I absolutely love the types of flavors here! They also have multiple flavors of mochi (green tea, strawberry, mango, regular) The fresh pomegranate was a nice surprise too. For the workout buffs, there is hemp, protein powder, wheat germ, etc. The location is absolutely fantastic. It's close to the Freshman dorms and many other apartments. It's nearby a lot of restaurants, including the renowned Hong Kong Noodles. Customer service here is great and it's the only Frozen Yogurt place I know where they walk around and pick up your cups when you're done.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/2/2013,50,47,,9,4>This place is much bigger than you would have expected given where it's located.  There was so much to see, but laid out in a way that made it easy to see everything.We came in from the back?  I think?  It has two entrances, one with a little parking lot next to the Fantasy Gifts and another all the way through the store and ends with a sliding glass door.  We came down the stairs and saw that there was a section on our right that was arranged by color.  A nice touch and what inspired me to write this little review.To see all the green items together was really cool.  There was a lamp, some bowl, a bunch of glassware, and figurines.  There was a blue and a red section as well.  Made looking for things more fun by far.I overheard one of the other patrons say that the stock changes regularly, so this will be added to my rotation of antique stores around St. Paul.Worth stopping in.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,8/14/2010,18,45,8,7,9>The inability to buy real beer, wine, and spirits in Minnesota on Sundays is, of course, a treasonous offense.  With a spirit of righteous civil disobedience, I decided one Sunday that I could not suffer under this tyrannical law any longer.  I did some basic searching and found the closest Wisconsin liquor store with fairly easy directions and headed east.I have not felt the need to visit another.Casanova's is, quite truly, a really nice liquor store.  A mere half hour or so east of the Twin Cities, it is tucked into a strange little building which is itself tucked into a quaint little hillside.  The selection of beer, wine, and liquor within it rivals most liquor stores back here in the cities.  As a beer nerd, I am thrilled at the selection of beers they offer that don't find their way into our state (like New Glarus and Dogfish Head).  Obviously their liquor buyer knows a little something as well since I've found some excellent brands there that I couldn't find here in town.The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and will likely make good-natured fun of you when you show them your Minnesota driver's license.  I've never visited the restaurant/wine bar (which is closed Sundays), but based on my experience at the liquor store I would leap at the opportunity.Fight the man.  The next Sunday you find yourself high and dry, head east to Casanova's and collect your reward.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,8/13/2010,35,41,1,8,8>Finally!  A bakery offering vegan cupcakes in Minneapolis!I stopped in yesterday, and they had two vegan cupcakes offerings, plus a couple cookies.  I bought two of each cupcake - A Fauxstess (homemade, veganized, gluten-free version of a Hostess) & a Blueberry Lime.Both kinds were delicious.  I wouldn't say that the Fauxstess tasted like a Hostess, but I wouldn't really want it to...  I'd take a homemade cupcake over a prepacked Hostess any day!  But it was chocolatey, moist, and yummy.  The Blueberry Lime was perfectly sweet, and I loved the interesting flavor combo.  I only wish there were more vegan options, but perhaps that will come with time.  Well, I guess I also wish they had more seating, but I understand it's a small space & most people probably take baked goods to go.I also got an iced soy latte that was tasty.  My friend said hers was a little bitter & had to add a lot of sugar, but I liked mine as is!  I'll be back for sure.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,8/12/2010,164,127,7,6,5>"Go to Rewind Vintage"The post-it stuck on my desk for a week, reminding me daily about this store. Last Friday, I finally got the chance due to the fact that I got off a bit early. YAY summer Fridays! Rewind is just this really adorable, petite shop that's affordably priced.The store is super organized where everything is grouped not only by size BUT also by colour. It's like my OCD, anal bestie went to town here. The most amazing part of the shopping experience was definitely how clean AND odor-free it was. (If you've ever been to a vintage store, you'll know what I'm talking about) Each rack was organized very neatly: the men's section to the right, albeit not a large one and women's is the main area. There's a large selection of women's sunglasses and handbags... They are the usual aviators, "You got designer shades to cover your face" In the back, there's a rack for dresses, glitzy blouses, casual tees and button downs, dress pants, dress tops, and a little cozy alcove for shoes. My mouth watered for all the gorgeous dresses, all screaming at me to pick them up and bring them home with me. SO I did - I found a few cute 50s dresses. One thing to be aware of though is the clothing is more along the 60s onwards trends. The owner/ staff / girl who works there is really nice. She lets you browse at your own pace and also helps you find and gives you suggestions if you ask. + The music selection while browsing is awesome, I shopped to La Vie En Rose which sure hell beats those upbeat, top 40s!WIN!
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,8/10/2010,36,55,9,10,8>YAY for public transit!!! I actually met someone last week who envied me because I take the bus to and from work. I was like "girl, get on that...literally!" The most convenient, cost-efficient, and time-saving mode of transit when you are going downtown. There are so many route options that you can get anywhere in the cities; the drivers are friendly (especially Greg who greets me every morning and every evening on the express 854 bus); it only takes me 20 minutes to get to and from work and I just wave to the cars stuck in rush hour traffic as I whizz past on the shoulder; it saves me a load of money not having to pay for gas, a car payment, insurance, oil, repairs, and all the other car-suck items; and it is so much better for the environment. Once you start riding on a regular basis, you'll also develop a new set of pals. I feel like I have my home crowd, my work crowd, and my bus crowd because as the habitual human beings we are I'm comforted to see the regs ride the bus with me. So if you are like the girl I met last week, definitely get your butt on the bus and you'll be convinced that it is the way to go! Don't know which route suits you best, go to their website and they'll show you the routes for your trip under schedule planner. Oh, and no high parking fees...another HUGE plus:)Save a horse...ride the BUS!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,8/9/2010,154,274,12,11,10>Who ever this Marla chick is, I want to kiss her on the mouth. Open mouth kiss, maybe a little slip of the tongue. Because that is how serious I am about the 5 star rating of this place. The food is amazing. Truly, truly amazing. My roomie and I have been eying this cute corner shop for awhile and I finally stopped in and ordered a plethora of goodies to go. We sampled the hummus and pita bread which was tasty, also tried the Caribbean curry and that was yummy. I ordered the Caribbean curry with chicken, it's a little soupy/watery. The golden fleece of our food was the paratha. I ordered the Caribbean Curry Potato and Channa variety and was absolutely pleased to the full extent of my taste buds. Holy Hannah!!! (I don't even know a Hannah) It was so so so so good!!!! Service was good. The wait for take out is about 20 minutes. They cook all your food fresh, so it's well worth the wait. I went back here a second time because I was craving the paratha. Again, they totally knocked my socks off. The second time I went, the woman taking my order asked if I wanted it spicy. I love spicy food, so I told her to do it 'mild' because I know Caribbean food on it's own can be a little hot... but these guys do an Indian twist on their Caribbean dishes, so I thought I'd be conservative on my first attempt and just do it mild. Boy was I glad I did!!!! It was so mother truckin' hot that I went through an aquifer of water. Shesh! Still loved it though. This place is consistently good! The decor is pretty hole-in-the-wall. Not trashy, but not flashy. It's clean, which is about all I really ask for. Try this place!
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,8/8/2010,35,24,13,5,7>Dear Electric Fetus, We can all agree Ticketmaster is the enemy. The Gargamel. The Purple People Eater. The Lord Voldermort.Thank you, Electric Fetus for being the hero.  The guy in the white hat.I've actually never purchased tickets to a First Ave show here before, but I nearly messed myself when I saw that the online total for a pair of $23 tickets to see the National was $78.  As in U.S. American Dollars.  (Also, I promise that's the first and last time I will ever use the phrase 'mess myself' on Yelp.)The fact that a storefront exists to moderate this ticket process on behalf of First Ave (who are not open during non-concert hours) is just plain cool.  Maybe fair is a better word.   I just like to see anyone take a service fee whose name doesn't rhyme with schmicketmaster.While there buying the tickets I also purchased a CD.  I'm an iTunes user so this is somewhat foreign to me.  But I was happy to see that prices really haven't changed since I bought a new CD (physically - like in a store) some 5 years. Bird and the Bee covers Hall & Oates. Go buy this.Thanks for being the good guy.  We need more good guys in this world.Love, Holly
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,8/7/2010,84,289,12,3,3>Airline travel can force some difficult questions on you: what are the bare necessities for me to travel with?Is today the day I finally cut it too close and miss my flight? And perhaps most importantly:How early is too early to start drinking?My Thanksgiving travels have narrowed this question down. I can now say 6am is too early, but 8am is not.I suppose when I arrived at French Meadow's, I told myself I was going to get something to eat. But of course, I sat at the bar. While glancing over the food menu, I ordered a bloody mary. That's a traditional breakfast drink, right? I'm still playing it pretty straight here.The bloody mary disappeared pretty quick, and I still wasn't craving any food yet (I had eaten at home). I had so much time until my flight, as I had arrived extra early because of the purported holiday rush. The jovial, gregarious bartender (Junior) had told me upon my arrival (at 8am!!) that they had a "thanksgiving special": any shot $3 with a draft beer.I do love Airport bars. They are not shy about their goal to put a good buzz into you in a very short amount of time.So I got my beer, and shot of scotch (fer sippin'). There was no going back.I never did order any food, just enjoyed my ever increasing A.M. buzz  and the energetic conversations. Junior (the bartender) was great. I like chatty bartenders, and he fit the bill. Great guy. I felt more like I was in a neighborhood bar than an airport bar, occasionally chiming into the conversations of my neighbors.I boarded my flight at almost 9am, and felt a hangover kicking in by 11.Ah, the marvels of modern travel.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,8/6/2010,40,124,3,4,3>I decided to take the kids to Yarussos tonight. I'm so happy we went!!I hadn't been there in years- after their fire they remodled, so I figured it was time.I love everything about this place. The staff is friendly and attentive. The food is served quickly and is great.This is not I Nonni- it's a family friendly, non-pretentious Italian place that brings big plates of familiar happiness and doesn't gouge you in the process. Not a shot at I Nonni- just saying it's apples and oranges.We had a plate of the huge beef ravioli, calamari (with fried peppers!), eggplant parmigiana and fettucine with white sauce and grilled chicken. Everything was wonderful and will feed two easily. My son's two huge meatballs were amazingly flavorful and perfectly tender.I am a fan of their red sauce, with it's hint of cloves. It's not too sweet and not too garlicky.My kids had never had spumoni and now it's their favorite ice cream!With the renovation, they now have soft mustard-toned walls, the dark wood and low lighting. Between the pretty bar and new decor, this could pass for a hoy paloy Italian McBistro serving $30 elf-food sized entrees. Thankfully, it's still Yarussos and it feels like home.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,8/5/2010,192,528,7,7,4>The best part was the awesome cheese bread, that I recall is free when you order a meal.  Lorae had the buddy bowl.  It's a bowl of hearty soup, with about everything imaginable tossed in.  This restaurant specializes in Cajun cooking so most of the menu items have Cajun seasoning.  I had a bowl of etoufee and also enjoyed it.  It wasn't as big as the buddy bowl, so I wouldn't recommend it as a meal in itself.  We also split some Cajun hash browns.  I couldn't eat them they were so salty.  We did bring them home and they turned out good, when I mixed them up with eggs, salsa and beans for breakfast in the morning, but just too salty to eat alone.  Very good service.  Our waitress was really knowledgeable and helpful.  The food is a little on the expensive side, both bowls were around $10 a piece.  But overall it was a good value.  It has a great bar.  It's an old school supper club with a classic bar.  It would be a fun place to go out and have a couple of cocktails downtown, without really seeing a scene.  The bar is usually busy, friendly patrons.  It's the type of place where you could start up a conversation with the other people around the bar.  We saw Carl Eller and Sidney Rice at the restaurant a couple weeks ago.  I don't think they were together, but they were making rounds, talking to fans and signing a few autographs.  Both seemed to be pretty decent guys.  Maybe its the food or something, but this place seems to draw a lot of well to do professional black men.  Every time I drive by there are 2 or 3 large groups of black dudes in suits, so if your a sister looking for a good man, this might be the place to find him.  One other thing, if you use the ATM or credit card at Deja Vu, it shows up as J.D. Hoyts on your receipt...nice cover. Added bonus, they have free valet parking.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,8/4/2010,124,263,4,7,9>We lingered here with friends for nearly an hour and a half and enjoyed great inexpensive vegan food, lots of lively banter, and great people watching.  What I loved most about my first visit to Lotus to Go Go is that every time I glanced at a staff person, they were smiling.  Each time I noticed, they were either smiling at patrons, or at each other, or just smiling to themselves.  Maybe there's a special ingredient in the food that invokes this because I left here with a big smile on my face.  I'll be back!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/10/2013,87,495,4,7,7>For my 450th review (wooohooo) I will review a hidden or not so hidden gem that will add at least five inches to your waistline. Hands down best opera cake in the state of MN  or maybe even continental USA.  Its the perfect combination of chocolate, cake and creme that melts in your mouth!  Honestly I can have two of those in one sitting.  They are amazing.  Mon, Tues and Wed, you get $3 desserts if you buy an entree.  Best meal ever. I've been here a few times, tried a few deserts, nothing beats the opera cake.  The cheesecake are nice and the macaroons are delicious as well.  A lot of my family likes napoleon, they have a regular version and a strawberry cream version for the strawberry lovers.  On Thursday-Sat the place turns into a perfect French bistro with white tablecloths, polite servers and amuse bouches.  I've had a few salads and a the lamb rack and its delicious. Everything is seasoned just right.   I think this place is  perfect for Thursday night date night, when you cant afford to take your honey to Paris, but want some romantic atmosphere and can afford to gain a pound or two. They also have sell day old bread at 50% off.  Service is always friendly.  I love this place!
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/9/2013,21,115,3,9,9>We've been here many times over the past couple of years.  It's nice to know there's a place nearby that has all the essential ingredients needed for a good Thai meal, plus we love just going up and down the aisles to check out all the unusual fare you won't find at your regular grocer.We had a wedding coming up and wanted to serve lychee martinis, but I found they were stocked out of lychee drink.  I called to inquire and was told that they had about 1/2 of what I needed in back and they would set it aside from me, but that they were unable to get any more of that brand.  They checked w/ their supplier and found that they could order a different brand for me and placed a special order for the rest.  Throughout the process, they were in regular contact and my contact, Winson, greeted me with a big smile when I came to pick it up.  He asked about the wedding and even helped load it up for me.  Awesome!
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,9/8/2013,22,39,5,4,3>Just left our first time visiting Erte, and it was, to quote The Californians, amyazing.  The atmosphere was super lively, and by that I also mean there was quite a bit of noise - not sure if its the acoustics in the room or if it simply attracts a crowd that likes to speak in a slightly higher volume than necessary. Whatever the case, we were a little worried our group of four wouldn't be able to hear each other, but found that we quickly adjusted the volume of our own voices and joined the rest of the diners in the hum of background conversation. Shortly after, a band started playing, in a surprisingly soft and soothing way, and actually brought the overall volume in the restaurant down. Very curious. But on to the food.We skipped apps because we were just too excited for the soup, a pork/yam/greens concoction that sounded delectable.... But shortly after ordering, our waiter returned and told us they were fresh out. Insert very sad face. We had the salads instead, which were very standard and nothing special - I had three bites.  But then, our main courses came, and all was forgotten. With my first bite of the Chicken Saltimbocca, the noise faded away and my entire focus shifted to the collaboration of tender and juicy chicken, prosciutto and provolone covered in an herbed gravy that was occurring inside my mouth. It was so. flipping. good.  In fact, all four of us thought our own entree was the best - a pappardelle with andouille sausage, panko crusted halibut with bacon and maple brussel sprouts, and steak with hashbrowns.  We shared bites, gushed about our own and each other's choices, and wallowed in food heaven together. The portions were just the size where there wasn't enough to take home, so you force in the last few bites you might not normally eat, just for the need to not waste such wonderful morsels, even though your stomach is at capacity.Then the dessert menu was slipped in front of me (the weakest of the dessert-resistors).  I couldn't help but be drawn to the seasonal special, a pumpkin cheesecake listed at the bottom of the menu. Agreeing we would all share it, I ordered that cheesecake like it was my job, and when it came, we knew we had made the right choice. When it came to the last few bites, no one graciously put down their fork to signal that someone else could have the last of it - we all moved to fork the final waiting piece of cheesecake.In my post-prandial coma-haze on the way home, I write this review, just ever so slightly too full, but not regretting this rare bout of overeating one bit.  We will be back.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,9/7/2013,14,60,5,6,5>So, a coworker suggested this as an alternative to the all you can eat lunch at Akita that I have reviewed in the past. It had the promise of still being a great deal for unlimited sushi, and being FAR closer to the metro than Akita out in Woodbury. Did I say Woodbury? I meant Hudson, WI. TOO FAR out there!While Akita boasts AYCE for $14.99, Kyoto was a whole hot dollar more. I'm not deterred by that, since the flavors were bangin', and there were significantly more options! They had everything you'd expect (California, Dynamite, Rainbow & Spicy Tuna rolls) but then offered interesting more adventurous ones (Peanut roll (?!), Snow Mountain roll, Boston roll, and my new favorite roll ever, the Sexy Girl roll)! I think the picture I added includes the Sexy Girl roll, and while that name just seems silly and out of place in a restaurant, it was nothing short of sexy! Spicy, flavorful, beautiful, and I can't stress this last one enough: UNLIMITED. I go to these places with 2 friends that share my interpretation of AYCE Lunches as official challenges. And I'm a winner. We had an historic amount of food and left satisfied and pumped about finding a closer sushi joint.To sum it up, Kyoto was a bump up in quality, quantity, options, flavor BUT also price. Har Mar strip mall location made the directions deceiving. Google maps led me to Roseville Cub Foods, which, ummmm... No thanks? It's on the North end of HarMar by the David's Bridal entrance.BONUS: Spicy Tuna rolls seem ordinary, and they have them everywhere, but I am telling you: THEIRS ARE BETTER. I don't know if they spice-ify their Spicy Mayo sauce differently, or if the Tuna is just fresher, but that stuff is ADDICTIVE and yummy fo' real! Try it.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/6/2013,84,275,4,9,7>Don't give out 5 stars to an Italian restaurant all that lightly, but this place just deserves them.We started off with the house charcuterie that included a great house made mortadella and a good terrine. I loved the mortadella, it was very flavorful and aromatic and not too greasy. Terrine was good, but not my favorite, although BF loved it.Then we got the skewer of the day. OK but I think the cherry and hazelnut totally over poured the lard.Then I got the Vitello tonnato, Bf got the rabbit and we shared artichokes. When the veal arrive I was super disappointed: barely any sauce, then I dug in and discovered the sauce was under the veal instead of over the veal as it usually is. The sauce was lemony and salty and the veal was cooked to perfection. together they were an explosion of flavor. I loved it! The rabbit was tender and moist. I am going to guess it was a deboned leg wrapped around a pork and pistachio stuffing. It came with a simple mâché and carrot salad that complemented the dish and without overpowering it and offered some freshness to counterbalance the richness of the rabbit roll.Finally the artichokes were crispy outside and tender inside and tasted delicate and not greasy at all. The mayo was a very bright, lemony mayo.For dessert, we had the taleggio sformatini. They tasted distinctively cheesy, but add the honey and the lemon sauce and you have the perfect dessert. Not too sweet, tangy and acidic. Loved it.So food passed with flying color and many interesting dishes still to try ( have my eyes on the octopus, the frog legs and the puffed fusilli).  Oh portion sizes are on the smaller side, so be prepared to spend some money. For drinks there is plenty of wine. As usual in Minnesota it is overpriced, but at least here you have choices!Service started incredibly slow, but once they realized we had been waiting, they picked up the pace and comped the skewers, so really nothing to complain about. Ambience was nice: they did a great job at modernizing the space and making it warm at the same time.Looking forward to go back.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/5/2013,12,490,3,5,4>Great patio and despite a some traffic noise, Cafe Lurcat is a great spot for outside summer dining.  In fact, they have two different outdoor spots - the alley (feels very European and has only a few tables) which is quite private and the larger patio shaded by several mature trees with a bunch more tables.  This is where we sat on my most recent visit but I've also enjoyed several meals in the alley.  This is a pretty big place so there's usually no problem getting a table (plus they are on Open Table which I like).We enjoyed the very crispy crab cake, a delicious salad with very fresh tasting tomatoes and a pasta with lobster and shrimp.  Everything was well prepared and very tasty.  I also appreciated that they had several Rose wines on their list which are my go-to wines for summer in Minnesota.Keep up the good work Lurcat!
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,9/4/2013,49,114,4,9,5>Great addition to downtown St. Paul. The only downside is that because it is downtown St. Paul, it is simply not very crowded/lively usually. This is exacerbated by the fact that the space is fairly enormous. But among all the places in downtown St. Paul, this is probably the coolest. Food and beer selection is quite good, focusing on Belgians rather than local beers (fittingly). Of the sandwiches (broodjes): which are small, slightly larger than a slider, and priced accordingly ($4-5), I was most impressed by the beer-braised smoked pork. It was extremely good, rivaling even a place like Brasa which focuses and excels in this style. The others were simply good: mushroom, bacon, and the curry chicken was extremely spicy, a bit much for me actually.I also recommend the fries (frites) served with chopped onions and choice of sauces, we had the curry ketchup and herb garlic mayo, both very good.Parking is difficult in this area and we ended up paying quite a bit for the privilege, but now I read in Christopher G's review that this could have been avoided, good to know! It is a little bit hidden on their website so here is the info:"1 - there is a validation for the Lawson Parking Ramp victoryparking.com/lawso… that is 3 hours for free with validation from the Amsterdam Bar and Hall. Entrance to the Ramp is on 5th St between St Peter and Wabasha2 - Metered on street parking is free after 430 Monday through Saturday and all day Sunday" (but not necessarily easy to find)
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,9/3/2013,4,37,,12,4>On's cooking makes me want to swear off trendy, pricey Twin Cities restaurants. Forever. Why pay more than $75 per person for often bland food when one can eat food this flavorful for less than $10?  Why?This is the best the Twin Cities offers, a classic gem in a scrappy neighborhood. Spicy noodles would kill the average rural Minnesotan, so order medium only if you really like heat. Stir-fried ginger is a delicate, balanced surprise. Curries come in a coconut broth laced with pepper sauce, not the pasty stuff other Thai places have lazed into lately.It's On herself cooking back there without short-cuts, so be patient. The parking lot is small, so take the light rail when it goes into operation. The sun shines in the southern exposure windows, and the heat of this place warms us even on the coldest winter day.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/2/2013,240,322,1,5,7>How did I not know of Pizza Nea all these years?? I'm a die hard fan of Punch and Pizza Nea is now making space in my heart. Pizza Nea has a more intimate feel to it and service was super over the top when we were there on a Friday evening. I got a big amount of wine to taste before committing to the bottle - the Kitchen Blend was a great find. Jammy, smooth, full bodied. Alex, our server, helped us out in every way possible to make the right selections. I was contemplating a veggie pizza but was unsure about the combo of toppings and voila - she brought me a taste of the toppings! She was very accommodating and answered all questions and offered substitutions. Seriously, talk about excellent service! The pizzas were delicious and the crust was just right...I'm going back there very soon.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/1/2013,169,194,4,6,4>Fur-ever Wild is an animal sanctuary that has a diverse animal population.  They have everything from wild cats (cougars, bobcats) to house kittens that freely roam, annoying Roosters that make a lot of noise and fight your attention (food), Goats (including the fun young jumping ones), porcupines, racoons, foxes, and of course Wolves.My daughter is a huge fan of wolves and Nahanni had 8 wolf pups on (May 2013) and Fur-ever Wild had an opportunity to play and take pictures with them so we went there for her birthday along with 4 of her friends.  All the kids had a great time and we spent over 90 minutes playing with the wolf pups along with seeing all the other animals.  The main attraction is the wolves that our in the main area and around the premises as well.  My favorite is the cougars who were purring and making high pitched yelps trying to get our attention.  They have enough animals that they need over 800 tons of food a year which is donated by grocery stores with old meat.  You can tell its a pretty small run organization but you will easily spend 30-60 minutes walking around looking at all the animals.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,3/1/2013,80,75,3,6,4>The in-between is always better than one or the other. The first floor common area at Open Book is an ideal in-between place for people who want to study and work outside library or workplace: it's neither a full-blown coffee shop nor (although all about books) a library study place.Have you ever dreamed of a coffee shop with low noise levels and absolutely no music playing? Have you ever dreamed of a library study place that's more relaxed than a real library? A place that doesn't remind you of all your sleepless exam nights? Open Book is the realization of your dreams! It's quite but not solitary confinement deep quite. It's well-lit, has large windows and high ceiling. Parking is free. Coffee is good. Displays and artwork are nice to watch when you want to take a break. The Minnesota Center for Book Arts shop is fun to explore and the Internet speed is acceptable. What's your excuse now to not get your work done, Amir?
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,2/28/2013,81,401,3,6,5>Ah, pho. As someone who has perfected her own Pho recipe, I find I have fairly high standards. But I really enjoyed our first visit to this restaurant and am sure we will be back.Like a lot of Asian restaurants, the sheer number of options on the menu is pretty overwhelming. But it basically breaks down into three categories: 1) Super safe combos a la any Chinese restaurant you've ever been to... rice, egg roll and your choice of sesame chicken, general tso chicken, etc. Though I will say that someone in our party got the sesame chicken and it was pretty good for sesame chicken. 2) Pho -- that's the Vietnamese soup, usually with noodles and some sort of protein. 3) Noodle salad bowls... cold noodles, some kind of meat, lettuce, carrot and other fresh veggies. In some cases with eggroll. But those are the basic categories.I generally think that everything our group ordered was very good, and fairly authentic. My husband received a giant plate of sprouts and Thai basil for his pho soup (LOVED the Thai basil touch). Serving sizes were generous. Eggrolls were excellent. And all food was super hot (temperature, not spicy). I also really enjoyed that they put not only soy sauce but FISH sauce right on the table so that you could serve yourself. To me, Pho is not Pho without a good healthy squirt or two of fish sauce, but I appreciate that some people don't like the taste, and I really appreciated the fact that Pho 79 lets you adjust your own level.Sure we will be back. Oh, and with most entrees somewhere between $7 and $9, it's a steal of a deal. Free parking in the lot next door and plenty on the street.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/27/2013,25,110,7,5,5>This is a dive bar at its greatest. Red vinyl booths? Check. Pool tables? Check. Cheap drinks? Check. Two-for-one happy hour? Check. Large televisions for sporting game watching? Check. Windows? Nonexistent. Entering Lyle's is akin to entering the Twilight Zone - no matter what time you go in, be it 10:30am for brunch (delicious and cheap, fyi) or 11pm for late night boozing, you will have no idea what time it is outside of Lyle's. And you won't care.This is a great place for cheap drinks, cheap food, and cheap people. Wait a second... never-mind, that's right. Lyle's attracts patrons from all walks of life, making it a very interesting and fun bar where I like to tip back quite a few with my buds. I have been here many times and I anticipate many more visits to Lyle's in my future.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,2/26/2013,87,191,,11,4>I feel I must always preface my reviews of Japanese restaurants by saying that I am quite picky. Having lived in Japan, and traveled there often, I just find it's hard to replicate the freshness and flavors this far inland. Good sushi, in particular, can be difficult to find. However, the Groupon for Raku influenced me to check it out... And I was pleased.The location of Raku is pretty good in my opinion. It isnt near a major highway or some bustling area like Downtown Minneapolis of Mall of America... But, it is located on 50th & France, an affluent area with nice shops and a large parking complex (free, I might add). The restaurant itself is nice. I can't say it was anything spectacular, but it was a decent atmosphere. I do think the orange-ish drapes could use an upgrade though. Other than that, the service was good--they were very polite and attentive, even on the phone.The food surprised me. Ive been to a number of restaurants that look and feel just like this one and the best I usually hope for is adequate sushi. However, the fish quality seemed very very fresh (see photo) and the cuts were nicely executed on both the nigiri and sashimi. Even the spicy tuna roll was good, and Im not typically a fan of rolls. The miso soup was good too. You may think this is a simple thing, but some places really botch this (Kami). Dessert was tempura green tea ice cream. Im a sucker for green tea or black sesame ice cream so you know this is a win. It is enough to feed 2-3 people though so be warned.Overall, Id go back to Raku but it's a place you need to watch your spending. I had the Groupon, but if I hadnt, my meal would have been over $40, dining alone. The food quality is pretty high though. The sushi is close to that of Sakana or Origami.Pros: Free parking ramp, high quality fish & sushi, polite staff, good menu varietyCons: Pricey, not located off a major highway or near a point of interest
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/21/2013,18,42,3,15,4>I was a guest last night at a soft opening and got a head start on tasting the newest brew house's flavors.  They offered four of their finest: 1. Chocolate Milk Stout, 2. House IPA, 3. Cream Ale and 4. Belgian Golden Strong.   The Chocolate Milk Stout was smooth, chocolaty (not cacao flavored but more of a dark chocolate taste) and easier to drink than some of the brand names out there; thick but not heavy.   The House IPA is fruity.  The brewer's notes indicate it's a result of the dry hop addition.  Not my taste but the others in my party liked it for it's true-to-form IPA flavor.My favorite, the Cream Ale, was billed as 'a light and refreshing ale' and doesn't disappoint.  I could drink this one all night and some night soon I will.  The alcohol content in each of the brews varies but tops out at a hefty 9.5% for the Belgian Gold Strong.  This was my first glass at the event and I felt it!They also offered Raspberry Vanilla, Ginger Lime and Hibiscus soda on tap.  The sodas were hand-crafted with Malone's Simple Syrups, made locally in Minneapolis.They sell some super fun merch.  You'll want to add a pint glass or t-shirt with the awesome Dangerous Man logo to your respective collection.I'm looking forward to returning for my next glass!
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,2/20/2013,42,189,,7,3>There just aren't a lot of places in the Twin Cities where you'll find knish, latkes or kreplach on the menu, but Mort's has them all. We stopped in on a quiet Saturday afternoon to give Mort's a try. It's been on my list for awhile and it did not disappoint. This place is deceivingly large on the inside with a nice mix of tables (perfect for bigger groups), booths and counter seating. The menu is equally large with several pages of sandwiches along with a page of burgers, hot dogs and wraps. But you've got to go to Mort's for the sandwiches. This is a deli after all. I went with the Mike's Hot Kentucky Derby - a virtual heart attack on a plate - bread loaded with thick slices (not deli slices) of turkey, roasted tomatoes, bacon and an obscene amount of Parmesan gravy. I ordered the half size which still filled my plate (including a mound of delicious kettle chips). I managed about a third of this rich, rich sandwich, but I was happy to be taking home the left overs. The husband ordered the Mobster - a sandwich piled high with Italian meats and cheeses. He liked it, but not as much as when he got a taste of mine :)We also sampled the latkes. There were a bit dark and a bit bland for my taste (I prefer onion in mine). Finally, we couldn't leave without a slice of super chocolately cake in hand. We had no room in our stomachs for it at the time, but we really enjoyed it later.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/19/2013,29,131,2,3,3>We checked out Eli's last night - we thought with the unique location it would be quieter than some of the other spots we were considering. When we pulled up, we realized we were completely wrong! Granted, some of the cars lurking may have been for Legend's as well. I got lucky - when I pulled into the lot a car was creeping out. The hostess said there wasn't going to be a long wait for a table and spots opened up quickly at the bar - the stars were aligning. I tried a Cranman and my boyfriend had a New Fashioned - both were really tasty. I definitely recommend both if you want good flavor but sometimes get overpowered by the stiffness of whiskey. We got seated in the strange nook area, but it was fine because there were some large parties that evening. The restaurant really is pretty - the colors are warm and the booths are big and comfy. We started with the Fois Gras Bruchetta and the Pork Belly sliders - the former being a chalkboard special. We had the duck cuban (another chalkboard special, and....more duck) and the walleye po'boy. Both were delicious and I loved that the fries we got were fresh and hot and toasty. Service was good and efficient. I love that this place serves late. We'll be back!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/18/2013,9,82,8,2,3>This is no River Garden, but it is a must-hit on any NE bar crawl.  It's a dive bar, make no mistake, but I appreciate it for all it is.  It's dimly lit for good reason with no windows, the oval bar itself takes up 60% of the room, drinks are served in plastic cups, bathrooms are disgusting, and if there's a seat in the place that isn't split all over and covered in duct tape I haven't seen it.  Go on a weekend and there's bound to be a bachelor(ette) party that walks in and asks you for a condom or a spanking or whatever is left on their checklist.They're known for the Greenie, but there's also the Bluey, Pinkie, Purpley, and Brownie (green and pink, I think?).  They all taste like different flavors of pixie sticks, cost about $5 each, and will make for a wonderfully crazy night and an really awful morning.  I think they're made with Silver Wolf vodka, if that explains things.  I don't recommend trying all five flavors in one night, unless you're sharing.Come down to Tony Jaros' and enjoy some gut rot and people watching!
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,2/17/2013,50,37,7,8,6>The modern man doesn't not find himself in need of a tailor very often, but perhaps he should.  I recently required a new suite for a wedding I was going to be attending.  So, I pulled one of those deals where you buy a suite that doesn't quite fit anywhere except for the shoulders because it was by far the best looking suite on sale.This is where Tom does his magic.  I took the suite into him the following week and he went about his work.  He took in the sides and took out the sleeves as well as released my butt cheeks from the death grip the pants put them in.  Now the suite looks like it was made for me and is quite comfortable.  All this was done for less than one hundred dollars which allowed me to salvage a suite I saved some $250 on.As for his quality, I cannot see any evidence of alteration on the suite anywhere.  The suite looks like it was made just as I got it back from him.  Additionally, I have a lot of confidence that he knows how to take measurements and then apply them to the garment.  I can't tell you how many compliments I get when I where this suite now.As for garments other than suites, if you have an odd body-type-- I have a tall and lanky one--you may find that tailoring is really something that can come in use on a regular basis.  Much of what makes a garment look "expensive" vs. "cheap" these days is fitment.  What tailoring like Toms allows you to do is buy what you want at a reasonable price and make it work without breaking the bank
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,2/16/2013,68,98,,7,4>I have been looking for cajun food in Minnesota (particularily in Minneapolis or St Paul) for a LONG time and hadn't found any. I Googled "Cajun Minnesota" and discovered Cajun Potluck. I visited Cajun Potluck on Saturday Feb. 4th. It was a long drive from Burnsville to Shoreview, but once I arrived it was all worthwhile.What is it? It is a cajun specialty foods store, a cajun (beyond informal... the way it should be) resturant and on Friday nights apparently a zydeco and two-step cajun dancehall. The food: Cajun potluck serves cajun food on a first-come first-served basis with a daily changing menu. They can and will run out of the most popular dishes. On Saturday, we ordered the Chicken and Andouille Jambalaya and the Dirty Rice topped with Andouille Sausage. We ordered 1 large order of each to share. The Jambalaya was moist, with perfectly balanced spices. For those who have only had Zatarian's or Chacherie's Jambalaya from a box or have had the poorly done MN version at Dixie's in St Paul - it is not like eating an entire salt-lick. The andioulle sausage had a great flavor, good snap to it and a medium spice. A wide variety of hot sauces are open and available for you to adjust the heat level of the dish yourself - I opted for Louisiana Gold sauce - a simple hot sauce from New Iberia, LA made from Tabasco chile peopers, salt and vinegar... a simple yet elegant flavor addition to a great Jambalaya. The other dish we ordered was the Dirty Rice. topped with Andioulle Sausage This had a delicate flavor to it - allowing each herb and spice to shine. Again, it was not over-salted (and not under-salted either). This one was mild (though the sausage medium) and was very savory. It was $14.00 per large serving (which honestly, we ate enough for 4 people) and I feel a good value for the money. Do not come here expecting alcohol at all - but cans of Coke, RC Cola, diet soda, ice tea and bottles of water are available. Cajun Coffee with Chicory is also available. Sides consist of slaw, cornbread and some other items that I forgot. At the end of the meal, you can buy some of their Home-Made Ice Cream. DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS!!!! It is amazing - pecans, a coffee flavor, a caramel taste to it. It is seriously amazing. (For those familiar with New Orleans - think eating a praline while sipping a latte from Cafe Du Monde!)The selection of specialty foods was great with sauces from Louisiana, Pain Is Good sauces (habanero, chipotle and jalapeno), Jambalaya mix, gumbo mix, gumbo file spice, dirty rice mix, creole mix, king cake mix, bignet mix, cookbooks, cajun potato chips (try the voo-doo flavor) and frozen meats like Andioulle Sausage, Alligator and Pork Sausage, Pork and Crawfish (Crayfish) sausage and frozen crawfish. They also sold pecan pies and pralines (as well as TONS of stuff I forgot).Zydeco music played the entire time we ate and the employees made us feel welcome - like family or old friends.This is a private, local owned business. This is the ONLY real Cajun food in Minnesota.Oh, they also have a cute little video tour on youtube which put me over the top on wanting to go.Do not pass this place up, you will be sorry you missed it!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,2/16/2009,13,116,5,6,7>they were out of sausage on sunday, and candidly i've left pretentious brunch joints for a lot less.  but the server wooed me with this fantastic story about farmer pete's special bacon.  pete is apparently a soft spoken character who smokes his own boutique bacon crafted from the flesh of hogs who know nothing but earthly wholesomeness and sustainable agriculture. right up to the point where their happy as a pig-in-mud existence is snuffed out for presentation at spoonriver.  pete knows his bacon.  this is the good, no, great shit.  thick cut, well marbled with a smokiness that would make laura ingalls wilder aficionados/fetishists orgasm all harry met sally like.  if i were a lesser man / bacon consumer, could have re-enacted a recent SNL skit.  which is good 'cause we were there with my folks.  this bacon was served as a side with artfully cut melon and cucumber.  for the rest of the meal, i think i had poached eggs and their artsy hash browns.  it was good.  nobody complained, but i need to find pete and his bacon.  spoonriver was good, but the bacon was far more memorable.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,2/14/2009,38,397,3,4,3>Cute staff. Great cheap books.  And did I mention a whole room full of sales? Like old metal magazines and Pat Benetar 45's that are a mere 25 cents?  Pat is worth much more than that, but I'm not going to complain.  Be nice to them though, I hear they get hassled a lot by those weirdo bookish types.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,2/13/2009,36,404,1,6,6>Oh yeah. The best best latte I have ever had, hands down. There's just something about it-creamy bitter wonderful. I took my (now) husband there for iced coffee, and it just wasn't the same. Besides, they make this adorable little leaf pattern in you coffee-you just don't get that on a Frappachino.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2009,2/12/2009,183,586,17,10,11>I appreciate that Minneapolis has a transit system extensive enough that it allows me to almost never have to use my car. On the other hand, reliability can be a problem. Not so much during the pleasant summer months, but in January and February, the 10-15 minute delays put my life at risk. And the bus drivers have zero control over what goes on in the bus. I gritted my teeth through one particularly awful ride where two fat white dudes in the back shouted the N word repeatedly for 20 minutes. Maybe I should take a star away from myself for not punching them in the face.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,2/11/2009,10,14,1,14,10>I had an amazing volunteer experience at this place about a month ago.  It is so well organized.  For those of you who don't know about the incorporation, it is basically a warehouse with used furniture and families who qualify can come and furnish their homes for free!  Bridging will even help transport the furniture to the homes.  It helps about 150 families a week and partners with any organization you can think of- from Habitat for Humanity, to Target, to Slumberland, and many others.  I helped to put together some small cabinets from Target and felt like I had made a difference after just a half days of work.  Definitely a great volunteer opportunity!
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,2/10/2009,155,803,3,7,5>"Thanks my name is Kristine!" This is how the ending of a great transaction with a Linden Hills butcher shop that screams neighborhood goodness. I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich, which was recommended by a friend. I walked into the small shop and the team members were very friendly and helping customers get exactly what they wanted, which looked like 2 amazing filet mignon steaks. I was envious. I had my own sandwich to worry about though. I think the owner Kristine asked if I would like everything on it? I said, "Yes, please" Then one of the other guys behind the counter started shaving off glorious pieces of roast beef off a roast beef chub. The bread is a story of its own. Across the street is the Linden Hills Co-op. They get these amazing baguettes from there to use as their bread. Crusty yet soft in the middle that soaks up the olive oil as it sits it the car for 10 minutes on the way home. Wonderful, textures abound from the perfect loaf of bread. Kristine asked me if I would like the horse radish and hot peppers. Umm....(Thinking in the back of my head, Is this for real? Real life personal service by someone that seems to love the work she is doing?) "Yes, please," was my reply. Kristine said, "Oh good. I love making these sandwiches, people seem to really like them." I told her that it was highly recommended and she explained if it was my first one, you have to press the two pieces of bread together and attack it at the corner. I brought the sub home and opened a Double Dead Guy beer my dad got me for Christmas from Rogue Brewery, amazing beer, I digress - and it was by far the best sandwich I have had since I can remember. The roast beef was red and brown and perfect with the perfect amount of horse radish sauce and some red onions and the hints of spicy brown mustard. My gosh, lots of roast beef, lots of GOOD lettuce, not the crap you get at the big chains, at $8.50, the hoagie is a little pricey, but it is worth getting for a special treat made by someone with love. I looked around the butcher shop and noticed everyone in the shop had a gleeful look on their face and I could just imagine these people bringing home their "Find" to their families and wanting to hear that they made a great choice in getting that evening's meal.I was one of them with a huge grin in anticipation of what would occur at my dinner table in about 20 minutes.It was true, my wife said, "You are going to LOVE that!"  I did.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,2/9/2009,201,396,3,6,6>When I come home, I love stopping in here.When I was in middle & high school, my girlfriends and I lost quite a few afternoons at the mall (didn't everyone?) and then wandered over to Half Price Books and spent a few more hours browsing, reading, relaxing in infinite possibilities of inexpensive books to buy.The great thing about this place is that they always have everything - and nothing is ever expensive.  It's very well organized and the staff are very helpful.Cons: no system to know what books are in stock or not, you just have to check for yourself.  Also, basically no "international" cookbooks here... just your basic American, Italian, and possibly Mexican if you want to get really creative.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,2/8/2009,851,1295,11,9,11>Another great experience here. I wouldn't have thought that they would be open on Christmas, but I guess between the Jewish and Orthodox populations of Russians (their Christmas usually falls 14 days later), plus the modern Americans, that they have a significant amount of people looking for something to do... And what a better way to drown out the bah-humbugs than with vodka!Our server was really great at the beginning, almost too attentive; however, the place got pretty busy in the middle and she was nowhere to be found for the rest of the night. I liked the feeling of incognito until I wanted my bill. Everything else was great.I would recommend the Napoleon dessert. I would caution against the Russian Concussion cocktail - too sweet, too strong (not in a good way). The Red October is where it's at - pepper vodka spice at the beginning that is cooled down by the chocolate aftertaste. Odlichno!Oh, and the waiters are HOT! Too bad they aren't on the menu.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,2/7/2009,25,33,4,5,5>A neighborhood institution, known for its popcorn.  Given the cheap movie tickets and the occasional free showing of important goings-on-in-the-world, I can't much complain about the not-so-comfortable seats ...
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,2/6/2009,56,94,5,6,6>Finally. A decent place to eat and drink in downtown St. Paul accessible via the skyway.  I went to The Bulldog today for lunch.  Walls loaded with plasma tvs for the sports fan and a nice size bar as the focal point with dart boards and shuffleboard off to the sides.  The menu has some nice variety to it.  Good, tradiitonal American bar food with some special nuances that make it special.  I ordered the turkey and avacado sandwich.  Loaded high with tomatoes, turkey, avacados, provolone cheese and this delish red pepper mayo.....I have the other half in the fridge now and I can't wait to eat it!  You have a choice of fries and tater tots.  Since tater tots are their thing (they have different flavors and a cheese topping as an option!), I had to order them.It the most simple of words....YUM!  Crispy tater tots with a nice seasoning.  Okay...let me tell you again...YUMMMMMMM!My coworkers got a mushroom burger and the bacon cheeseburger. Both looked exceptional but to be frank I was so into my tater tots I didn't notice how quickly their food was gone.So....maybe just maybe, there's a reason to stay in St. Paul after work  now...FINALLY
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2008,7/16/2008,15,18,5,6,4>When I was 8 years old I went to my friend's cabin and his dad made us blueberry ice cream from scratch and for the past 28 years I have tried to find that ice cream experience again.  Whenever I went to an ice cream shop (you know, a real, homemade-type place) I would look for that "Blueberry" sign to see if it is served (if they don't serve blueberry I start to think that maybe the place isn't ballsy enough to just make honest ice cream.)  In my search I have found that: 1.) Blueberry isn't apparently the most popular fruit to make into ice cream and 2) If I did find blueberry, nobody knows how to make it as good as my buddies dad.  Sure, I have found good/great ice cream.  Some have far-out options (birthday cake is now an ice cream) or new twists on old ideas (that "heath-bar butter banana crunch" crowd) but it has never been the same, until. . .   Sebastian Joes. Little ole Sebastian Joes. Less than a mile from where I grew up (but back then Baskin Robbins was closer to my parents house and therefore the neighborhood haunt). When I walked in I spotted that "Blueberry" sign early on.  I thought "Well, someone at Sebastian Joes thinks they can make a blueberry ice cream. I accept your challange, sir."  As soon as my single single scoop on a sugar cone (waffle cones are for frauds) was passed my way, it was over.  I had found it. And so to you Sebastian Joes in Linden Hills I say "thank you"; you have earned my eternal gratitude for brining me back to when I was 8 via a perfect ice cream cone.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,7/15/2008,215,493,4,5,3>This is a crazy cool thrift store.  It is really big and has tons of stuff.  And, they are always unloading new stuff - you just never know what you will find.  I go here when I am back visiting the family and have made some good finds.  On one particular trip, I racked up on summer tops.  I also usually find books, CDs, cooking, utensils, sometimes jewelry - all sorts of things!  They even have nice fitting rooms.  The store is very well-organized and neat considering how much stuff they have.  It is fun to come here - it's like an adventure.  And, they take credit cards which is great because that's not always the case at thrift stores.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/14/2008,89,213,1,5,5>feeling negative after some unpleasant computer experiences, i thought it was time to write some good ones. i have been going to tea house since i was a child and though they have gone through new ownership and a slight rough patch trying to keep up the quality of all the old items, it is now better than before with two different menus. Josh b nailed it- it is all about the tiger pork, and a close runner up for this dish is the yangtzees version back east on 394.  the triple grand duke is also tasty and you really cant go wrong with any of the dishes, even if you have to ask 3 times for your beverage before you get it, AMAZING food. usually not  a fan of the lunch buffets on chinese or indian when ordering off the menu is usually way higher quality food, their lunch buffet is delicious if you can fight off the crowds.and there is a great shop next door for your asian grocery needs-
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,7/13/2008,90,104,2,6,4>We had this service at our wedding and everyone loved it. Even the older crowd got into it.  It was fun for the guests to do, and a great give away for them.  They are located Nationwide but their main office is in Mn.  It was fun to see everyones creativity and flat out candidness in the booths.  It made for a great scrapbook. The only things that made it a 4/5 was the attendant came in dreadlocks and a tie dye shirt. and some of the pics were not on the final cd.  The dreads didn't bother me much but the shirt and dirty jeans didn't look right at a wedding. Make sure when you call you make sure your attendant is dressed for the occasion.  His outfit might of worked if i was hosting a casual event like a birthday party...otherwise smooth ordering and everything I expected.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/12/2008,11,10,11,7,5>Taco John's is so good that I whistle and sing over the almost immediate diarrhea it gives me.I've pretty much cut down on my greasy fast food intake over the past few years but this is one of those guilty pleasures that I just can't shake.  My girlfriend and I drive 10-15 odd miles to this specific location in New Hope just about every week because it's the most accurate Taco John's I've experienced in the area.  Anyone else know a good one that isn't downtown or 100 miles away?Forget about the ones in the Skyway  - this one is the real deal.  They have a beautiful wall-mounted flat-screen TV (typically with the Game Show Network or soccer on), its just a stone's throw from the Unique Thrift Store, and in my experience this location is boiling over with interesting sweatpants.The food is also far superior in my opinion - I've had some pretty limp taco shells in my Taco Bravos at the downtown locations - and the New Hope one seems to be a bit more generous with their taco fillings.The only negative I can think of is the "salsa bar".  It doesn't seem to get much attention throughout the day but if nearly empty containers of lifeless pico and withered jalapenos are your deal then you'll be right at home here.P.S.  GIFT SHOP!?!  tjcustomerstore.com
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,7/11/2008,84,137,2,2,2>I got a recommendation for this place from a friend and cruised out for some grubbin' roast beef.  It'd been a gorgeous day, but the sun was just starting to drop so we sat inside at one of the classic booths.  "A bit small for the average American ass these days," we'd been warned.  True enough, but we persevered even as our asses grew under the pressure of the immense "Original."That's what we both ordered.  The original.  Slow-cooked roast beef with garlic and spices, served up tall on a large roll, stacked higher with yellow deli peppers and onions.  Some good, hot horseradish on the side, along with the meat juice sauce.The size of the sandwich was somewhat intimidating at first, especially when trying to squeeze it into the relatively tiny au jus container.  But the juicy goodness soaked into the bread without ever compromising the integrity of the bread.Service was friendly.  I was disappointed that the restrooms had been modernized and lacked any real character.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2007,7/10/2008,11,225,4,3,4>Great unpretentious, basementy dive of a bar.  Popular with local punk kids and pool sharks as well as University computer geeks.  Decent selection of tap beers (Beamish!),  and they make a drinkable little Cosmopolitan that does what its supposed to without killing you in the morning or when your debit card statement arrives.  Food is OK greasy bar stuff with some interesting choices (bananas in a blanket??!!) and ridiculously big portion size.  My husband who is nearly a competitive eater can't get through a half cajun breakfast.  The whole cajun is meant to be ordered by a table full of homeless punks who will then live off it for a week.  They used to have good DJ nights (Cosmic Slop!) and fun movie nights (Cinema Slop) which is primarily how we wound up going here so much.  Now we mostly get bounced in here if for some reason the wait at Al's is too much or we have too many people.  Eric A.  needs to get a clue though, since the food here is no way in the same league with Als.  Speaking of Al's many of the waitstaff from that esteemed place come here for drinks after their shifts, so you know we're not the only ones.  Also we took our Toddler here and he really loved the bananas in a blanket.  I didn't let him drop his pacifier on the floor though.  That would be bad.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2008,7/9/2008,23,227,3,4,2>I hate to break Ike's perfect score, especially since I didn't eat here, but it is Ike's Food & *Cocktails*, so I feel justified.Maybe they're not used to having people come in just for drinks?  Maybe they're not used to large groups?  Whatever the reason, when a group of us showed up after dinner on a Saturday night, they seemed out of their element.  One waitress kept trying to move us into a little section of the bar where we clearly would not all fit (and the bar was nearly empty).  Another kept asking how many of us there were "are there more coming?" in a concerned voice, as though we'd break the fire code.So it wasn't a very welcoming environment. But, the bar itself was cool (long and wooden, very masculine) and the drinks were good.  Old-school Vegas feel.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,7/8/2008,7,59,3,3,4>One of my favorite places in St Paul to go for a beer and burger.  The staff are friendly ... all the customers are relaxed ... their beer selection is great.  I have it on good authority that other items on the menu are also very good ... but I can never resist grabbing a hamburger here.  Every now and then I try ordering the Turkey Dinner (I think it's served only on Wednesdays) but they're always out by the time I've ordered it.  BTW Jenny -- it's hard to go to any St Paul bar/restaurant and shout "Three Cheers for Cheney" without getting an adverse reaction -- even from us who didn't graduate from Macalester.  Of course, I've always thought most of the students there were Tommies (grin).
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,7/7/2008,66,139,5,7,6>Okay, so this summer I've been trying to bring back the art of the really refreshing and obscure cocktail.  Let's face it: a gin and tonic is nice, but a well made Tom Collins (real lemon juice, not syrup from a bottle!) punctuates an afternoon in the back yard with so much more class.     Imagine my surprise when I looked at the Strip Club's drink list and saw egg whites in the ingredients!  Nobody, but nobody will take the time and care to make a drink with an egg white anymore.  When I asked the bartender (I still felt a little guilty) if it was too much trouble to make me a Ramos Gin Fizz, and he told me "of course not," I was sold on this place.  The beautiful antique space of the dining room with the spiral staircase up to the loft above the bar, the unparalleled view looking west onto the St. Paul skyline, none of this mattered - this man would not only agree to make my stupid time-consuming cocktail, but would tell me I'd made an excellent choice.     If that had been the evening, it would have been enough.  But it did not stop there.  A glance at the menu showed me I should have brought more friends so I could try more of these items.  As it was, my girlfriend got the catfish (excellent - I never would have thought of catfish with sauteed veggies and ham, but damn was it good), and I got the duck.  My god, the duck.  It was seared to a perfect medium rare and served on top of a stir-fried bed of water cress and cashews with a spicy sesame sauce (I know what you're thinking: 'overpowering!' But you're wrong!  It was splendidly complimentary!)  I am not ashamed to tell you that I left the Strip Club with a completely different outlook on life after eating that duck.     Also notable were the strawberry shortcake for dessert, the grilled Caesar salad, and the insanely knowledgeable waitstaff.  Our server/bartender gleaned from our first round of wine what our palettes were all about and gave us a sample of another great white before we moved on - he knew we weren't having any more wine, but thought we'd appreciate the Viognier they had.  Then he happily poured us something else, knowing that we had experienced that little gem that he gave us.  Incredible.  If you don't like this place, I don't care for you as a person.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,7/31/2013,80,75,6,6,4>There are two different approaches when it comes to business: while some businesses add to the routine successfully tested formula that one special thing to set themselves apart from other competitors (e.g. very affordable happy hours, good live music with no cover, great line-up of craft beers, etc.), others incorporate a little of every feasible thing into their business with the hope to attract as many customers as possible. Although the latter approach, an all-inclusive model, is perfect for big businesses (e.g. shopping malls) that want to maximize customer numbers and don't care that much about their identity, it is always risky to adopt this model if you run a small business. Why? Simply because it's usually very difficult to manage all those extra features. It's instead safer if you specialize in one thing and build the identity of your business around that (the best happy hour in town, the best beer line-up in South Minneapolis, etc.).Sptorty's has however adopted the "shopping mall" model and is strangely successful. It fits well the picture that people have in mind of an oriental bazaar: Like oriental bazaars, Sporty's is a chaotic bricolage of all things imaginable. It's also very difficult to visit Sporty's and get bored; because there is always something there to satisfy your taste. Also, like in oriental bazaars, there is this element of surprise that factors in the success of Sporty's. There is always something surprising, something unexpected, even for regulars.As soon as you step in, your eyes catch this all-inclusive approach on walls: objects adorning  the walls are as diverse as possible: movie posters, car license plates, bull horns, old rifles, beer posters, random framed photos, specials ads, and empty beer growlers, to name a few. Then, when you decide to sit, you'll notice the same approach in different sitting options you have: bar, patio, a den-like place, semi-circle booth, the Karaoke room are some of your sitting options. After you sit, you notice the same approach in the beverage menu: Craft beer? A few! Good old regular beers? Sure! Can and bottle, local and imported beers? Yes! Wine? Choose between red, white, rose, or sparkling! Cocktails? No doubt! The same is true about food menu: Gluten free options? Check! Vegan and vegetarian? No problem! Sandwiches, burgers, appetizers, salads, chilies ? Of course! Pizzas? Yes, they have to have it, even if it's Heggies pizza. What about entertainment options? Karaoke? Two nights a week! Trivia? Come early on Thursday. Pool table? Ahan! Foosball table? Uhum! Big Buck Hunter? You betcha! Pinball? Yeap! Darts? No question! TVs? Yes! What about specials and rewards? Lunch specials, drink specials, happy hours, Koozie club rewards, what else do you expect? Free wi-fi? That too... Do they cater? Sure they do. Whatever your standard is, as long as it can be met in a dive bar, Sporty's won't disappoint you. Are you part of a group of people with different preferences? Go to Sporty's. It has all you may want from a dive bar. The only thing is that if it's a Karaoke night, think twice before sitting in the Karaoke room... or leave as soon as people start singing Lil Jon's Get Low! Sometimes it gets very fun though...
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/30/2013,32,79,2,6,2>Alright. How had I not been here yet. I think it's because I heard of them and their capes and makeshift cars and while amused by their playfulness, it didn't drive me enough to call or go in. I recently learned that they're for real. And it's REAL good pizza. Probably one of my favorites now.We went in and I felt welcomed. Just like their delivery stories that I've heard, the restaurant is pleasant and friendly (although, again: I've not experienced the delivery...just hearsay..and I believe it). And their staff are super helpful and offer that quiet kind of helpful. In the mood for pizza-pizza, we stuck to the Old School and it delivered. I like their crust and sauce a lot, which for me is also the foundation for a good pizza. Their toppings also seemed much more fresh than other pizza spots in the area.We were there kinda early on a rainy Friday, so I'm not sure how packed their smaller sized restaurant gets, but it'd be worth it to always check first.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,7/29/2013,6,36,9,17,7>A local GMC dealership issued me a $1400 quote (ouch) for the radiator to be replaced in my Envoy. Profoundly disgusted with dealership service departments, I decided to shop around with the hope of finding an honest local automotive service company. Bona Brothers comes highly recommended by my fellow yelpers, and I've heard some positive word of mouth over the years. I called in late one evening and was promptly given a quote by Matthew for HALF what the dealership quoted me! While I was impressed, I thought it may be too good to be true and continued my search.  A week later, I decided to check back in with Bona Brothers, and was given the exact same quote by Jeff. He politely told me he'd appreciate the opportunity to earn my business, so I decided to take him up on that offer.I dropped my car off at roughly noon on a Friday and was given a loaner car to use (at my request) free of charge. Jeff told me they should have the work completed later that day - which surprised me.  Since this is the second time I've replaced a radiator in this vehicle, I thought it nearly impossible that I'd see my vehicle before Monday. Especially since the GMC dealership took nearly a day to simply diagnose the problem! I was proven wrong by Bona Brothers, and had my car back roughly seven hours after dropping it off. The radiator had been replaced and tested for quality; my vehicle was washed, and had the same amount of fuel and miles as when I left it.Bona Brothers did exactly what I asked them to do at exactly the price they quoted me. They did not try to upsell me, overcharge, extra-charge, or additional charge me for anything. Actually, the final bill came to two dollars and thirty cents less than what I was quoted by both Matthew and Jeff. The labor rate was lower than standard dealership pricing and the parts used are the same aftermarket brands used by any major service provider. For whatever reason, Bona Brothers is able to deliver quality service on an entirely different level. If your vehicle is in need of repair (major or minor) that you'll be paying "out of pocket" for, I cannot think of any reason why you wouldn't have these nice folks take care of it for you. You'll also be keeping your business local, and that's always a great thing. I am downright impressed with the level of service Bona Brothers provided, and they have certainly earned my repeat business.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,7/28/2013,52,127,1,8,4>I'm not even ashamed to say that I've ordered delivery from Szechuan Spice twice in the last 4 days. What can I say, it's been cold, I've been lazy, and you just can't beat delivery for $1. Plus, their prices aren't bad for the portions they give you at all. Seriously, share with someone, or don't. Either way, you'll get full.As far as the food goes -  yeah it isn't really the most authentic or awesome, but I would say it is decent. The meat is pretty good, not at all chewy like some other places that deliver. They have some pretty solid dishes. The Mongolian beef is pretty damn good actually. The Chicken with double chili pepper was also tasty and had a nice spice to it. The dumplings are good, I definitely suggest trying any of them! I have yet to eat at the actual restaurant...so I can't attest to the service or atmosphere there, but I can tell you that their phone ordering service is the very best I've ever experienced. They are very patient and speak clearly and slowly. They repeat your whole order as to make sure nothing gets mixed up and I really appreciate that. The delivery doesn't take long at all and the man that delivered our food was really nice. Really, anyone who drives my food to me out in the freezing cold so that I do not have to leave my apartment is truly very nice in my eyes. Szechuan Spice is officially my new go-to for Chinese delivery. I'm diggin' the $1 fee AND the food!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/27/2013,92,102,2,4,4>Hands down the best fish & chips  in town!The fish is wild Alaskan cod that's moist and covered in a golden-brown, almost crispy batter coating. Chips are hand cut with a solid crisp on the outside, with a bit soggy on the inside, just the way I like them! You have to order tarter sauce on the side, but it's worth it. And if you're feeling lucky, add on a side of the curry. It's sweet and tangy - a great alternative to ketchup. If you're not a fish & chips fan, they've got a killer shepherd's pie or toasty (think grilled cheese with ham, tomato and onion). Prices are reasonable - fish & chips is $9.25 and $5 tap beers. The atmosphere feels like a local pub. "Close to everyone" seating, but an open kitchen that's fun to watch your order get made. There is a small parking lot in the back and plenty of street parking. A few things to consider:- It gets busy here so come early (6-7pm) on the weekends or plan for a good 45-hour wait, but promise it's worth it. Get your name on the waiting list as soon you as arrive!- While you wait, grab a beer near the front window. Someone will always help pour a drink!- This is NOT a location for larger groups, stick to small crowds of 2-4 people- For the best service, ask for a spot facing the kitchen as the bar. If you're lucky, you'll get served by owners Jenny, Kathryn or Luke!
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,7/26/2013,97,67,,4,2>Trying to kill some time in Uptown before meeting with friends, my ever trustworthy Yelp app directed me to the closest sugar rush available: Butter Bakery. I always love/hate myself when I find a new place, and realize my life has been lacking. My time at Butter was short, but totally worth it. I right away noticed the atmosphere - clean design, bright colors, tons of natural light. It was during a weekday, and filled with lots of working/studying types. Seems like it would be a great mobile office.I have to mention, I hate that when I walked in I was the one who had to say "hello" and start the conversation with the pretentious seeming staff member. Has friendly customer service died? He was helpful, however, when I asked for a recommendation on bakery items. Perhaps sweets, not conversation, is his thing.I took the recommendation for the Carrot Cake cookie sandwich. Think: oatmeal cream pie, but for grown-ups. It was honestly delicious and bookmarked as a favorite. I think I'll come back to try the food, but I'd keep this as a casual/quick spot to grab a coffee and pastry. PS - use your Yelp app to unlock a deal here for a free coffee!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/25/2013,87,191,2,5,3>Located on Grand Avenue in St. Paul, Chez Arnoud adds another unique element to an excellent shopping and dining area. This French patisserie, while somewhat high priced, offers excellent baked goods, pastries, and sandwiches in a less pretentious atmosphere than one might expect.The location is excellent... On Grand Avenue near its intersection with Lexington. It's easy to access and easy to find (it also has entrances in the front and back). The only negative point is that, if the parking area behind the shop is full, then youll need to find street parking--something that can be an issue in this area on busy weekends and/or evenings. Another point that Id like to make here is that they open at 7am and offer free wifi--seems like it would be a nice spot for morning tea or coffee, or perhaps even a study hangout.The menu is small, but it doesnt need to be large. The quality of everything Ive tasted was very high, particularly the breads. I highly recommend one of their sandwiches--they are much larger than youd think and worth the $5-7. They also have quiches and soups on the menu, but I have yet to try these. The pastries are exquisite, as youd expect. However, I will say that most of the things in the pastry case are fairly expensive. My small, berry tart was $5.95.The decor is very nice as well... It has a very clean/modern European feel, and has plenty of light entering the front and back windows. They have table seating, as well as couches, and a long bar-style table. My only complaint is that the AC was blasting when I was there. Even though it was 85 outside, I was freezing inside.Overall, Id definitely visit Chez Arnoud again, and perhaps check out their other two locations (White Bear Lake, Maple Grove). I envision this being a great place to hang out with a cup of tea and pastry while working away on the laptop.Pros: location, quality, the BREAD, interior design, free wifi, opens at 7am, pastriesCons: Expensive pastries, cold inside (wear a sweater in there), limited menu, parking could be problematic during peak times
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/24/2013,92,104,5,8,6>Maya Cuisine, I just can't quit you. We started coming here a couple of months ago and it has quickly become our default when we need a quick and tasty dinner. The options seem practically endless: from ground beef to beef tongue, there is something for everyone at Maya, whether you're a tepid Minnesotan who likes to stick with flavors, spice levels, and body parts that you know, or whether your palate tends toward adventure. We stick to mostly tacos and tostadas, but from there our meals are unpredictable. The meats are all delicious and fresh, and some of them might also make your mouth light on fire - that's where the sour cream and lime come in handy, though, right?! You get a lot of bang for your buck, with tacos and tostadas costing $2 each and, don't worry, they'll fill you up. The best thing about Maya, though, is the people. I don't know that I've ever felt so welcome in a shop. The owners and staff are helpful, patient with those of us who never have a clue what we want to order, and shoot smiles at you that will make your day. You can tell that they care about what kind of food they're preparing for you and they do a really good job at it. Maya Cuisine is casual yet totally welcoming and a perfect addition to our 'hood. You'll see all kinds of people coming for a big stack o' deliciousness, and it's a perfect reflection of the NE community. We love it for the food, for the people, and for that indescribable affinity that a person can develop for a place. Oh, and now they have guacamole, so in case it wasn't already, our love for Maya is a done deal.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,7/23/2013,101,208,4,6,4>Great addition to the prime location in the growing warehouse district. Quite the impressive remake of an old warehouse, the Smack Shacks brick and mortar locale is stunning. The main dining room has a good mix of booths and tables and can easily fit a large group - there is also a ton of bar space in front of tvs, future spot for a beer, lobster and basketball.The food itself met expectations. I had the connecticut roll, not a huge fan of the cucumber and tarragon in the original, and this was a great sandwich of buttery delightful, and tons of lobster. I wish they used the same bread as the original. Our table also ordered the lobster guac. This stuff was flying out of the kitchen and for good reason. Fun cocktail list and decently long wine/beer selection. Excited to come in the summer and see how they use the patio space in the summer weather!
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/22/2013,42,120,2,4,2>Love the industrial interior, small quaint space. There are a decent amount of small tables and a large table that can seat a large group. Order up at the counter and take a number, they will drop off your food at your table and clean up after you depart. Food is prepped fairly fast so you won't be waiting long.For the main entrees, there are a few types of meat dishes that you can have in burrito, taco, rice bowl or lettuce wrap form. I feel like the lettuce wrap is the best deal, I felt like I got a better portion compared to the burrito and choosing to have it in a rice bowl adds on significantly to the price tag (but also makes for a more filling meal).The Korean BBQ short rib with their kimchi is super delicious. I was not as impressed with the lamb belly, it was a bit dry and the flavor was not as strong with the pickle and daikon. Still tasty, but not on the same level as the korean bbq.Definitely worth trying if you are in the neighborhood.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,2/18/2014,30,49,2,7,5>I think it's universally understood that Pizza Luce is delicious. But what impresses me about the Luce in downtown Minneapolis is their awesome service. My work is just a few of blocks from this location (yes, dangerous) so it's a frequented spot for us. Often times when we order lunch in, we order Pizza Luce delivery. Here's why it rocks: - It's always so fast. I swear it's usually to the office in about 25-30 minutes, tops. - The deliverymen/women are always so kind. - Delivery is free! - You can order a "slice of the day" to be delivered - Like I said before, the food is delicious and never disappoints Tip: If you order their salad with chicken, ask them to grill your chicken. It improves it by like... 100000x.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,2/17/2014,40,94,,9,2>THIS PLACE.So this place gets the incredible rating in my book for several obvious reasons. When this place opened, it seemed like it could be just another Thai place on within a three block stretch of University. I think there are at least five.So what sets Royal Bangkok apart from the rest?1. $3.99 lunch special which includes five (!!) entree samplings. You can get a healthy portion of pad thai, the curry of the day, laab, papaya salad, stir fry all for under $4.00. UNREAL. You can't even get fast food for that. It seems incredibly under priced. Oh yeah, everything on their menu is like this.2.Okay so it's cheap, but is it good? Absolutely. All the entrees are spiced well to fit most anyone's palate and their flavors are so rich and vibrant. You can tell they take great pride in their new establishment.3. Their spring rolls are the best. They give you three instead of the usual two and stuff them with plentiful, fresh ingredients. They also give you the option of ordering five (for like $7.00) which comes out as a mountain of spring rolls. Don't try to eat this alone. 4. Their service is phenomenal and the establishment is always spotless.I haven't tried their bubble tea yet, always too full when I am finished with my meal here.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,2/16/2014,55,358,,7,6>This place has a great coffee shop ambiance similar to those in nestled neighborhood nooks like Kopplin's and Quixotic, The ambiance is a 180 from the stripmall hell St Paul allowed to ruin its once grand main commercial street, University Ave, just a handful of blocks south.  Not only do they serve Dogwood coffee and fancy cupcakes (don't worry, the "small" is plenty satisfying), but beer and wine (happy hour was a beer and a taco for $5). Another bonus is that they're open late unlike most St Paul coffee shops: 11pm weekdays and 12am weekends. It's great to see a place like this open up north of I-94. Thankfully, they're also easy to find being just a handful of blocks east of Snelling.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,2/15/2014,95,174,,5,3>My fiancée recently purchased a beautiful 2012 Jamis Satellite Sport road bike from Tonka Cycle & Ski.  We visited this shop three different times during our bike hunt, since we were considering all available avenues for purchase: Craigslist, Nashbar.com, eBay, big box stores like Dick's Sporting Goods, and several other shops in the Twin Cities - small ones and multiple-location stores.So we had put in a good 10-15 hours of research and searching for bikes.  When it comes to buying a bike, you encounter a very wide range of prices.  Here is what we found:1) older used bikes on Craigslist (usually circa 1970s-1980s) -- priced anywhere from $150 - $250.  These are usually tuned up and may have some upgraded/replaced components, but they don't ride nearly as smoothly as new bikes.  2) brand-spanking new bikes (current-year model) from places like Erik's or Penn Cycle, often priced at $700 and up.3) better deals for new bikes online at Nashbar, but you're buying blind, unsure of how the bike will fit and feel to ride.4) buying from a big box store like Dick's or Target, where you can buy a new bike for $250-$350 (or less), but where the components are likely not great quality.  I question how long a bike like this would even last.In the end, Tonka was our best option, mostly because they were offering 15% off 2012 models (i.e. last year's model).  We think this was a great way to go.  My fiancee's Jamis bike ended up costing $550.  While that's a hefty investment, we believe this is a bike that will last 10 years and beyond (given proper maintenance).The team at Tonka Cycle was knowledgable, talkative, helpful, and patient.  They had Krista try out multiple bikes, and they were not remotely pushy for a sale.  In fact, we ended up visiting three times, and each time the staff was great.We also checked out their big garage sale event (took place in July).  They had well over a 100 used bikes for sale (try to get there early, since many of the best buys are snatched up immediately upon opening).All in all, I heartily endorse Tonka Cycle & Ski.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,2/14/2014,138,73,,5,3>Finally got a chance to check out the famed Blue Door Pub. If you're looking for a good burger, chances are you will find one to your liking here. I had the Jiffy, a burger with peanut butter, bacon, and pepper jack cheese. Indulgence at its finest. Pair that with some cajun tots or fried green beans, and watch out you might soon find yourself in a food coma. The food, along with the nice atmosphere and a great selection of Minnesota beers on tap, make for a great night out.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,2/13/2014,30,133,2,4,3>I had been to Zumbro years ago and for some strange reason, it's taken me forever to get back. After a short wait, my friend and I were seated in the front of the restaurant. We were both in the mood for a sweet and savory brunch, so we each got the veggie benny and then split a buttermilk pancake. First of all, I LOVED that the benny had the eggs on a thick slice of toast. It added texture that you don't always get in a benedict. The eggs were  poached perfectly.  The pancake was also fantastic -- not too sweet, just overall delicious. I really enjoyed my experience and, afterwards, I hopped over to the Linden Hills Farmers Market for a quick swing through. All in all, it was a fabulous Sunday morning in Linden Hills.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,2/12/2014,54,160,,10,3>Stopped here on a lark, because fellow Yelpers said it was the spot. Boy, were they right! This is my new favorite indian buffet in the west metro!!Very attentive service. Very clean and nicely decorated place. I saw they had speakers all over, but no music was playing. Not sure why, but they should add that.The buffet was had very good variety, a good mix between hot and spicy as well as tame dished, and a good choice between vegetarian and chicken dishes. Quite a nice spread. The garlic naan was also very good and flavorful.The only thing missing were samosas. One of my favorites but it wasn't part of today's buffet. Overall though, I was very pleased with the food, the service, and the price. I will definitely be a repeat customer, and can't wait to bring friends here!
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/11/2014,41,190,1,7,4>Athens still has the best hummus in town....their food is top notch too. Tonight I went with the gyro combo platter, $9 for chicken, lamb, hummus, pita, salad, and a drink. I over ate tonight but I still have plenty to over eat at lunch. My aunt loves this place too, requesting it after we went a couple months ago. She asked why I don't eat here more often. The answer is easy in that if I did, I would want to pig out every time.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,2/10/2014,42,189,,5,5>Burger lovers, this is the place for you. There is something about this meat that is just perfection. Stopped by for dinner with a friend recently and were seated immediately. We were a little surprised by how full this place was on a Monday night, but I guess that's good. Cool atmosphere with lots of wood and metal. The menu is the real star though. We started with some cheese curds and they were fab - salty with a beer battered crust and a sweet ketchup dipping sauce. I opted for the ultimate burger (with cheddar cheese, lettuce, onion, etc) for my first time here (although the turkey burger was a close second). Seriously, this was cooked to perfection. The beef is so flavorful, I wish I could have finished the whole thing (I gave it to my husband for lunch the next day and he didn't think it reheated that well). My friend had the Barcelona burger which comes with manchego cheese and prosciutto. He loved it as well. There was no room for dessert after all this, but the menu has so many interesting items on it, I'm sure a return visit is in store.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,2/9/2014,14,29,5,8,6>First off, before I get to the food, I have to say that the one comment I saw regarding bad service is baffling to me.  The service I received tonight was impeccable.  The one employee, Tyler, was extremely polite and very helpful towards me and my boyfriend while we were trying to make our selection.  We were originally not going to get a combo, but he showed us how it was more bang for our buck, and i'm always happy to get more for my money.  Also, the manager stopped by our table and made us feel very welcome.  You could definitely see his passion for barbeque as he explained the bark on the ribs, and gave us tips for our leftovers, such as "toast the rolls for about a minute then drizzle some honey on them."But service isn't everything.  The food has to be equally good, if not better for me to warrant something with 4 stars.  And this food was DELICIOUS!  We got a combo with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  You get to choose 3 medium sides, and we chose the potato salad, barbeque beans, and the coleslaw.  You also receive 6 heavenly rolls with this combination.  The ribs were perfectly cooked, with a noticeable smoke ring on them, and a crispy delicious bark.  They had minimal fat, yet still were tender and full of flavor.  I preferred them with the original BBQ sauce that they offer. The brisket was some of the best i've ever had, and I thoroughly enjoyed it with the spicy BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork was good (i'll admit, i've had better) and i really enjoyed it with a mixture of their sweet BBQ and spicy BBQ sauces.  The barbeque beans were fantastic, with a slight peppery note to them that made them unique to most places where they are overly sweet.  The coleslaw was quite good, the perfect level of creaminess if you ask me (I hate when places have runny coleslaw).  And as for the potato salad, oh my lorrrrddddie the POTATO salad!  It was amazing! Me and my boyfriend were both ranting and raving over it, and we just polished off the leftovers much to my disappointment.  I think it was better than my grandmother's, but don't tell her that!  As for the rolls, the manager informed me they were yeast rolls, and I thought they were to die for.  Perfectly buttered and a very light texture.  I can't wait to try them toasted with honey as he recommends!Overall, I will most definitely be returning here!  I was skeptical at first, but now I am so glad I finally tried this place out!  I assure you you won't be disappointed :)
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,11/2/2012,99,297,,4,2>Northeast Farmer's Market is like the little engine that could. It may be quaint, but the vendors try so hard to bring us Nordeasters quality goods!Some booths have great selection of in-season vegetables, others seem to be having a great time selling their small collection. Either way, it's an excellent place to spend the morning. They have coffee and delicious baked goods for the morning crowd and varying food trucks for the lunch crowd. I had Trinh for the first time here, and thought their banh mi was delicious! I'll save specifics for another review though...This little community cares about giving the patrons a great experience. Last Saturday there was an interactive survey. The idea was to grab a dot and tell them what would bring you back, what you would buy more of, and how far you travelled to get there. Really great concept, and wonderful to know that they care enough to get feedback.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,11/1/2012,22,172,,4,3>Marvel is a concept saturated in imagination and sophistication.My favorite part was the mysterious purple door.  Step through it, and you're in another world. A lot of care and thought was put into the "user experience" and I am perfectly bewitched by its enigmatic charm.The patrons here are dressy, but the staff, waitress, and bartenders were dressed rather casually, albeit not "jeans casual".  Elitists in the Midwest? I don't believe that story. The age range here varies greatly, from mid-twenties professionals to men and women in their 60s. Yet despite the diverse crowd, everyone seamlessly blended in.I enjoyed the cocktail named "Honey Spot". It's a refreshing cool summery drink. The "Olivetto" people are raving about isn't for everyone. I don't like frothy, creamsicle-like, eggnog-ish drinks. It looks like the best cocktails I've ever had in Minneapolis, still, is at La Belle Vie.  Marvel's drinks are super adorable, but it doesn't pack the punch. After three cocktails at Marvel, I was still standing and sober(and this is on an empty stomach). Whereas, with La Belle Vie, after one of their delicious cocktails, I was feeling pretty happy and buzzed.Regardless, I'm looking forward to trying the other cocktails on Marvel's menu to see if I'll find one that will work for me. It'll be a while before I come back to Marvel though, as I'm always nit-picky about spending too much money on extraneous things such as alcohol.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,10/31/2012,40,94,2,4,3>There are two things you can count on at Neighborhood Cafe.1. Consistent, fresh, not greasy breakfast items well worth the very reasonable prices2. An atmosphere that lives up to its name- From the moment you walk in, you can feel the community. Everyone wants to be there and you'll immediately want to become a regular.MUST HAVES:1. COLD PRESS- I have never, ever had a better cold press. It's huge, intense, cheap, and what I crave each Saturday and Sunday.2. Buttermilk pancakes. Right size, right taste. Great. 3. Yogurt parfait. fresh fruit and granola is key.4. Eggs Benedict It's really hard not to like this place and I feel that this place exemplifies the Saint Paul neighborhood community.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/29/2012,31,242,6,3,5>The smaller place in south MPLS has now sucked me in to come back for more.  I know people will say, 'but this isn't even what English Pubs are like.'  And again, I couldn't care less.  George & The Dragon has an amazing taste with such a wide range of food, drinks and atmosphere that we have been there twice in 3 days and still want to go back for more.App: Try the Bacon and Onion dip.  Holy cow! I wish I knew how to make it because I'd honestly make it right now, and tomorrow and maybe eat some for breakfast.Steak: Just what I asked for.  It was the perfect amount of food for the perfect guy (me).Prime Rib: great special, I hope they decide to add it to the menu full-time.Drinks: such a wide range of on tap and bottled beer that all you snobs have nothing to complain about and me, I can still get my normal beer.Atmosphere: great.  At first I thought we were kind of crunched pretty close to the tables next to us, but I got over it as the food came.  Also, that is what English Pubs are like...so bite me.  I have enjoyed every experience I have at with George and his Dragon.
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/27/2012,29,131,,13,4>I'll be honest. My parents are from Thailand, and my parents own restaurants back in Illinois. Since I've lived in Minneapolis, I've found it hard to love any Thai restaurant. In Chicago, I had a few Thai restaurants I would eat at besides my parents' that I enjoyed a lot.I find some of the Thai restaurants here to be overpriced, and just the taste... different. I can't explain it. My boyfriend, a Minnesota native who has had a few Thai places in Chicago with me, agrees.We read about On's somewhere and decided to try it out.I am in absolute love. It's by far the most authentic tasting, the most flavorful, and just spot on. I have only tried the Suki-Yaki and the Crispy Squid Salad, along with egg rolls and spring rolls, but it was so good. My boyfriend has had the Pho and the beef salad and really enjoyed it. It tastes the most like what my mom makes than anything I've had here.It probably reminds me of my parents' business a lot too - where a family all chips in and works all day, so they have a little camp in the corner to hang out during down time, the mandatory King B pictures and Buddhist tribute areas. I'm so excited to have found a Thai place I love and is really affordable. We probably will be frequenting a lot.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/26/2012,60,355,5,4,2>I must increase my rating because ever since moving to Lowertown, we have visited Granny Donuts a few more times.  The cranky owner grows on you after awhile and I figured him out!  He ALWAYS demands you get more donuts than you originally came in for...(Great Salesman he is) so what we do now is go in asking for two less than we actually want so when he demands we buy six instead of 4 or 4 instead of 2, its really the amount we wanted anyways....Trust me, there is no saying NO to this man.....Just order two less than you really want and everything will be fine!!Still, hands down, best donuts in town!BRING CASH!!!!!
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,10/25/2012,38,64,3,5,4>WOW.That's all I could say walking out of Butcher & The Boar at the end of my meal.  We went there to celebrate the man friend's birthday, and man, we couldn't have picked a better place! The place was packed full on a Thursday night, luckily I had made reservations several weeks prior for our group of 5.  We were seated quickly in a little nook right inside the restaurant by the bar.  There was an opening into the restaurant, but it felt like we had our own room.  The restaurant is gorgeous.  There are pennies in the floor.  Our waiter was fabulous.  Helpful without being overly so, and explained the menu and made some of his own recommendations along the way.  The man friend and I got cocktails from their menu, which specializes in bourbon and whiskey, they even do bourbon flights! The rest of the fambam got beer and wine, and they helped my dad find a beer he really liked (Lucid - which is a far cry from his normal bud light.)  The menu seems really daunting at first, there are so many different sections, but we settled on a variety of things to try.  Everything is meant to be shared, so that is exactly what we did! We started out with the roasted jalapenos that are filled with a peanut butter mixture. I know, I know, that sounds really weird, and not at all appetizing.  I don't even really like peppers by themselves.  But DO NOT MISS THESE! They were amazing! The kind of amazing that makes you wonder who in the hell thought of stuffing jalapenos with peanut butter in the first place.  We then grabbed a little beet salad with walnuts, sheep's milk yogurt, and a vinaigrette.  Starting out with something lighter was a great idea, especially given what we ate afterwards.  And the salad itself was delish!So you want to know what else you really shouldn't miss??? The pork chop.  It comes smoked (which they smoke in house, of course) and is served with a maple syrup, pecan, blueberry sauce.  It's like you took your bacon and dipped in the maple syrup right after you ate a blueberry pancake x 1000.  Everyone in our party said it was there favorite thing that we ordered.  Next time, I feel like some of us won't want to share . . . We also got a bacon-wrapped turkey leg, which was good, but forgettable compared to the pork.  The last meat we ordered was the sausage sampler, which is a great way to try a few of their house-made sausages.  As I am not a encased meats fan, I can only go off of the licked clean plate that remained at the end of the meal.  We also ordered a bunch of sides, the winner of this group was hands down the blackened cauliflower.  It may not jump out at you on a menu filled with bacon, and beans, and cornbread, but it was amazing! Props to our waiter for recommending it!  The cheesy corn grits were amazing as well! So of course after we stuffed our faces with all of the meat we could eat, we had to get dessert! We ordered the grasshopper pie (a spin on the classic,) the s'mores plate, and the gingersnap banana pudding.  Gingersnap banana pudding and the s'mores plate were insanely good! Would have NEVER thought to put anything but good ol' nilla wafers with my banana pudding, but the combo was insanely good.  It was a night full of surprises and great combinations.  I can't wait to go back and try even more of their amazing menu!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,10/24/2012,139,324,2,4,3>Okay, now I have finally made it to Victory 44 for brunch too!  So good.  Their baristas are masters.  The special today was a honey nut latte.  I love that they make them tableside.  Nice touch.  We had the French toast, biscuits and gravy, burger and benedict.  I never really order biscuits and gravy because I always want to add things to them.  These came with housemade sausage, chard and cheesy eggs.  Yea!  The French toast was dipped in creme brulee batter.  The bendict had leeks, country ham, Rustica baguette and a side of cheesy tots.  Everything was great.  Still a big fan!
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,10/23/2012,108,154,1,5,7>One time and I'm moderately in love.  Yes, I'm talking to you, Bachelor Farmer!  From your decor, to your rooftop garden, you're pretty spectacular.First off, let's just start by talking about the star of the evening:  Those toasts & THAT TOAST TRAY.  My companion Corey S. & I chose the duck liver pâté, topped with a lovely orange confit & prune marmalade.  It was absolutely scrumptious, and I believe it was mister Eric Dayton himself who brought out more toast for us to eat (& admire on that tray).Our attentive server brought out fresh radishes, with a light flat bread, AND a too-good-to-eat-kind of butter to start. For the main event, I enjoyed a fresh salad with walnuts that was perfectly dressed, and accompanied with a slightly cold popover with honey butter.  Corey S. chose the Wieninleike, which was quite a generous portion, and definitely could be split between two people.Everything we ate was simple and fresh, yet some things almost bordering too simple.  I could see myself coming back here often for a half bottle of wine (bonus points for this offering), and toast assortment.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,10/22/2012,56,120,3,9,7>As the Middle Lake in the Chain of lakes (I'm only counting those with shared waterways) Lake of the Isles  boasts a unique ambiance that really sets it apart.First of all, this is a much quieter lake in terms of traffic and sunbathers.  You are definitely sure to find a great parking spot (for free!) and a quiet secluded spot to stake your claim and just soak up the rays. Additionally, if you want to see some wildlife, this is your best chance!  From the duck families floating around the edges, to geese hanging out in a lagoon, and even a lake monster if the timing is right (might want to follow her on facebook to be sure!), Lake of the Isles is alive with critters.  The best part are the 2 wildlife refugee islands in the middle that is home to many of said critters you will see.But my favorite part about this lake is it is my favorite for paddleboarding!  Sure, you start in Calhoun if you are renting some watercrafts, but if you are on a paddleboard, it will be far more enjoyable in Lake of the Isles.So why is it the best for paddleboarding?  The water is almost always still - or at least more calm than in Calhoun.  Also, the island provide for this create figure 8 pattern that can keep you busy for quite awhile.  The wildlife sightings get even better when you are on the water - jumping muskie fly out of the water randomly and little sea turtles paddle alongside of you.  As you pass between the islands, a whooping crane watches lazily in between pecks at lily pads and lake moss.  Oh, and the views of downtown are spectacular from this lake too.While most people head straight through Lake of the Isles to Cedar Lake, they are missing some of the best part of paddle boarding.  If you happen to have your own board, there are still great entry points along the lake, including the dock.  But even at an hourly rate, spending a little time exploring this lake is definitely work it!
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,5/21/2014,100,488,2,4,3>As a long-time Starbucks fan, this place is similar to so many other Starbucks that I've been to throughout the country. The interior has got an industry-modern type of feel, but this Starbucks does feel a little less homey than some others. They have huge wall to ceiling windows around the seating area which is nice especially during the winter, when you can stay warm inside while still enjoying some rays. The drinks and food are Starbucks-reliable, so the quality and taste are all consistent. The staff here are friendly as always. The music is a little less loud than other Starbucks which is good. This place, at least for now, doesn't seem to attract as many people working on their laptops for hours on end (I am one of those people as long as there are enough seats for more traffic). It seems like more people come to get their coffees and sit down for about 30m and mosey on along. I suppose if you just wanted to get a beverage you would go through the drive-thru. It's in a convenient location - in the same plaza as Old Navy, Jason's Deli, Whole Foods, Subway, Chuck E Cheese's. Plenty of parking, new facilities, Google Starbucks wifi, all in all probably somewhere I'd come back to again for another Starbucks fix.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,5/20/2014,255,255,6,14,11>My kids have gone to this Apple Valley Clinic since my son was born and my daughter was adopted from India. Dr. Jeffrey Michell is himself an adoptive parent and while that was my primary reason for choosing him as a caregiver for my kids, it is his caring and competent manner that has kept us there for over ten years.He has seen my kids through everything. Some issues were serious, like screenings for HIV and parasites when our daughter came home from the New Delhi orphanage. Others less serious; strep throat, broken bones, pneumonia, and well child visits.They have the occasional blip in scheduling, etcetera, but overall, there is nowhere I would rather have them be seen.I also particularly appreciate that they have a pharmacy on-site and all insurance information automatically transfers so everything is just simple.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,5/19/2014,155,803,,6,3>My wife and I were out for our weekly  Saturday lunch date and we have been wanting to go to this renovated Taco Bell for a year or two.  It is Mediterranean food. We had a $5 off coupon for the Mediterranean plate for 2 and a tea. I got it unsweetened.After about 5 minutes we got our two types of hummus, big scoops with some oil drizzled on top and  garnished with a couple of tasty olives. They also had a basket of pita bread, which made for perfect mini Greek food sliders.  There was also the tabouleh, which is a Levantine Arab salad traditionally made of bulgur, tomatoes, cucumbers, finely chopped parsley, mint, onion, and garlic and seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, and salt. Lots of flavors going on here. A nice lettuce substitute to my slider.The tea was wonderful as well and came with free refills if you wanted. They also have a huge glass container of ice water you can hit whenever you want.Both hummus' were wonderful, one had an olive tinge to it.Our platter came out with a TON of basmati rice. I ordered the two hot sauces on the side, a jalapeno and a super hot habanero one. The habanero was spectacular for a guy that loves spicy, it was enough to make me sweat. The jalapeno was almost mild after that.On top of the rice come two 8 inch long links of a lamb and beef mixture. These were some of the best things I have ever had. Super juicy, crusty on the  outside and every bite was like heaven.  If they sold these at Target Field, these guys could retire in a year.  It is also accompanied by 4 skewers of perfectly grilled chicken and beef. Again, these people know their stuff. Every bite like you wish every schwarma shop was like it.  Just super juicy with freshly grilled veggies separating the meat. Also, they don't skimp on the food. We took home probably 2 meals worth of leftovers.The customer service was awesome, while we were there some guy actually  went to the counter and told the guy there how he appreciated how great he was.It was a super hot day and I would have liked the air turned up a little, but that is the only thing to mention that wasn't perfect. For $20, it was the best meal I have had this year.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,5/18/2014,21,115,2,4,3>When I was little, I used to occasionally accompany my Dad when he went to get his hair cut at the barber shop.  The place he went was rather descriptively called "The Barbers."  It was run by guys with many years of training/experience.  A haircut took well over 30 minutes and I'd listen as my Dad and the guy cutting his hair would talk about sports and events since the last time in.Fast forward 30+ years.  My hair is curly and hence quite forgiving.  I suspect an orangutang with hiccups could do my hair and I'd challenge anyone to know the difference.  As a result, I frequent a major chain that costs about ten bucks w/ a coupon.  A hair cut rarely lasts more than 10 minutes.  While convenient, there's no sense of connection or relationship.  The person who cuts your hair is randomly assigned based on who's next in queue.Recently, my Dad suggested I try "Charlie's Haircuts of Distinction."  Out of a sense of filial duty, I agreed to check it out.  I made an appointment and was able to get in the same day.  I showed up at the appointed hour and gave the place a quick once over.  The decor was up to date, but it definitely had the feel of an older barbershop--complete with older demographics--lots of grey and white hair among both the well groomed stylists and their clients.  Seeing this, I was a little apprehensive about whether I might emerge from the place with an "old man" hair cut (e.g. Donald Trump comb-over).My fears turned out to be unwarranted.  The gentleman who cut my hair spent more than 30 minutes making sure everything was just right.  In addition to pleasant conversation, he frequently checked in to make sure that what he was doing was consistent with what I wanted.  I can't be entirely objective, but I think I emerged one well-coiffed dude--something my wife confirmed when I got home.  One of the better haircuts I've had in years.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,5/17/2014,124,263,,7,3>Hmm, I'm reading the other reviews here and now I feel like I need to include this disclaimer: No one paid me or gave me a discount for my five star review.Naviya's earned my five stars fair and square. First by helpfully marking the menu vegan and gluten free where applicable, second by their fresh tofu spring rolls. These are _the_ *best* spring rolls in the Twin Cities, hands down. (I can't believe I FOUND THEM!)In addition to the spring rolls, my son and I shared the Thai fried rice with tofu sans egg. (Definitely share dishes here, they're big and expensive.) Every morsel of savory tofu, broccoli, onion, and rice prompted lots of coos from both of us and I'm not even a fan of fried rice normally.We'll be back.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,5/16/2014,87,191,2,14,4>Having lived in the Twin Cities area most of my life, I found it particularly strange that I had never heard of Willow River State Park until a few weeks ago. I was shocked to see that such a beautiful waterfalls was located only 45 minutes from the Cities. I made a point to visit as soon as I had time.I recently took my father to the park--driving from Minneapolis on a weekday. Being past-peak season, it was a breeze getting there and getting into the park. The drive was an easy less-than-an-hour journey down highway 94. You simply take a left as you pass Hudson and follow the signs for a couple miles. There is a ranger station/visitor center area where you can buy a parking pass (they also have a drive-up window). The fee is a very affordable $10 for out-state vehicles.There are several camping areas in the park, and numerous trails. It was much larger than I anticipated. After driving down to the 3rd campground, I parked by a restroom area in order to find the trail. This trail is the easiest way to reach the falls. It is a one mile walk from here, but it is flat terrain, unlike the shorter trail. While the shorter trail has its own parking lot, it is much steeper. I certainly wouldnt recommend this route if you are with older individuals or people who arent able to exert themselves. The route from campground 3 is a leisurely nature walk past Willow River, and you may even encounter some wildlife.The falls itself is spectacular. Even during this time of year several people walked by as I was shooting. The falls is tiered waterfall in a gorge-like area, complete with high rock formations on each side. The water is shall here as well--Ive seen a number of photos of people wading in the water here. It certainly doesnt appear as imposing as Minnehaha Falls, but every bit as scenic. There is an observation area above the falls, as well, but I didnt make it up that far.In addition to these features, there is also a beach, fishing opportunities, and a nature center... I didnt have the opportunity to utilize these amenities, but Im fairly confident Ill be back in the near future.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,5/15/2014,75,123,4,9,7>I love the Bead Monkey! First of all I love the name, which is just as awesome as the store (s) itself...it really embodies their philosophy...So this is where  I love to play in all things beady, bright, and colorful..so I can create amazing original jewelry to wear which complements my style...and you just can't go wrong with all the beautiful beads they sell...When it comes to jewelry my motto is why shop when you can make? It makes fashion so much more fun.The stores are locally owned, and I believe this location in Edina is their flagship store - well, you can tell..it is the bigger store! Their second store is smaller and it is located on Grand Ave in St. Paul.  Both stores are well organized and bright, it's easy to find what your looking for since it's divided into sections like crystals, glass beads, metal, wooden ones...and they  carry everything you need to be a bead monkey constructor/creater/designer... there is even a seating area to sit down to get creative and let your mind wander... I have had good experiences in both locations, but this location is my favorite - I like the layout of the store....and the staff here are friendly, extremely knowledgeable and helpful, I always learn something new when I stop in...I also know this one has a kelm, if you like to create clay jewerly..like I do! I love to wear silver clay it's so gorgeous and original to wear and fun to make...Highly recommend!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,5/14/2014,40,125,3,5,4>Yesterday, I was craving a good, solid sandwich, and D Brian's sounded like the perfect place for lunch. The menu is a lot more extensive than I'd expected, and you have a lot of options! Nutrition info is also all available online, for those health conscious folks out there.My co-worker and I both got the Santa Fe Chicken sandwich, which was pretty darn good - I appreciated that it had a healthy dose of avocado and pico de gallo. I'm excited to try more off the menu in the future (and rack up some points on my Belly card, holla)Overall, it's a clean, quick lunch spot. My ONLY gripe is that it's next to impossible to get a parking spot during lunch rush at noon - either come before/after 12-12:30, or cross your fingers that someone's leaving soon and you can steal their spot!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,5/13/2014,180,227,4,7,7>When I lived in Philadelphia, I was getting $30-$40 hair cuts on the reg.When I moved to Minnesota, I curbed that habit and you know what.... I am able to sleep at night just fine.I get my haircut from Anu she does an excellent job. In, Good Convo, and then all of a sudden it's all over! AND LOOKS LIKE A MILLION DOLL-HAIRs. Love it!I heard this location got a remodel. Fancy!Pro Tip - Always check in online before you come in so that you don't have to wait. Starbucks is next door!!Pro Tip 2 - Get the pre-paid card in December for $10 haircuts all year long!** Update Anu moved to 494-Penn (Southtown Great clips) **
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,5/12/2014,515,227,44,39,38>Anticipation.Couldn't wait to try this place.Overpriced, but good.This is the newest venture of the Blue Plate Group. Same operation that runs Groveland Tap, Longfellow Grill, etc. Love me my Groveland Tap. This would be its douchey cousin. Sorry, it is still just Minnesota.  Staff is all in bowties and suspenders.  Rents are high in the North Loop, so they pass it on to their customers. Completely understandable.  They have four of their own beers at 6 bucks a pop and several others at 8 bucks. OUCH! Had their IPA and Groelsch.  Good, but I would take a Fulton or Indeed over either.For my meal, got the $1,000.00 burger for $15.00. It was $10.00 good. Five bucks to their landlord.  Comes on an English Muffin. Almost a breakfast sandwich.Crowd is kinda like the crowd at Bar Louie. Get over yourself. You are a long way from the Jersey Shore.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,5/9/2010,223,363,11,13,3>All I have to say is this: Thanks rich suburbanites!So far, I've found the thrift stores in the Twin Cities to be pretty lacking, or mediocre at best. Either the selection is thin or they charge too much. Then I was introduced to the Maple Grove Goodwill. It's located in one of those asphalt jungle of ugly box stores, but don't let that fake-stucco/poured-concrete look deter you from walking in.Prices are typical of what you would find at other Goodwills, but they have premium stuff. The first time I went, they had a lot of kitchen goods and appliances that were new or pretty new looking.  The last time I went, they had some ice tea makers. Kind of a ridiculous item, but the pitcher was a nice, heavy glass so buying it just for that would still be worth it.Browsing through the purses, I found a Coach bag, the classic kind they made before they got all trendy. And then I found another. And then another. I ended up with a black leather crossbody from Coach. It was marked at $14.99 but I got it for $8.99. Old lady-style, here I come!Clothes selection is generally good and really orderly. Employees are surprisingly nice. Shoes, as usual, are the one section I Do Not Touch, along with Underthings. Why buy used underwear, people? I knew a girl who did this. Target sells them for cheap!Furniture section changes quickly. I am still kicking myself for sleeping on a pair of cool white lamps I saw on my first visit. You can get some solid wood desks, if you have the means to take them home.There are always people milling around for good deals, but there's always room for one more, so get your ass over there!
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,5/8/2010,139,324,,10,9>This place made me so happy tonight!I started with a hot toddy made with ginger and Jameson.  How on earth have I never thought to put these two things together before?  Yum!We got a table full of appetizers to share: - Sweet potato shrimp toast: Again, how have I not had these two things together before? So good!- Sea salt and pepper tofu: I am not a vegetarian and, when I do go that way, it is usually vegetables vs. the alternative proteins.  This was seriously one of the best apps I have ever had -- vegetarian or not.  Delicious!!- Coconut cream cheese wontons with pineapple dipping sauce: Think deep fried pina colada.  mmm...!- Green papaya salad: Very fresh with great flavors.- Vietnamese ceviche salad: The red snapper was so tasty, but there were bell peppers (I am allergic), so I only took a little bite of parts of it because it looked too good not to try.Then, we split a few entrees:- The basil noodles were so good.  Lots of fresh veggies and basil. Nice and crispy.  Noodles that were tender without being sticky or gooey.- Cahn Chua hot pot: yum, yum, yummy yum!  Tamarind, garlic, tomatoes, pineapple, broccoli, bean sprouts, okra, chili pepper... fantastic!  - I couldn't do the eggplant because it was loaded with green peppers. :(I will definitely be back.  There were a dozen other things that sounded really good.  I'll just have to make sure to ask about the peppers, now that I know they are in several of the dishes.  (*I shake my fist at you for getting between me and tasty treats, food allergy!*)Great, laid-back but classy vibe to the place.  It was great for a group, but it would also be great for a date.  I also can't wait to go back for happy hour!** Went back and had the Jasmine crepe.  Holy yumminess!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,5/7/2010,38,55,6,7,7>St. Paulites have a real quandry--an embarassment of riches.  Izzy's ice cream *and* Grand Old Creamery? Two local shops selling unique, premium ice cream? Ohh-h-h-h-h.....Izzy's offers:Sexy Salted Caramel.Satisfying Midnight Snack (Graham cracker ice cream with swirls of graham crackers, peanut butter, and chocolate).Soothing Norwegian ChaiDusky Dark Chocolate Zin(fandel)...and on and on.The flavors are fabulous, although I've experienced occasionally inconsistent mouth-feel.  The most recent plain chocolate I had was overly-stabilized (nearly gummy), while the salted caramel (ohh-h-h-h....) was perfectly perfectly creamy and smooth.  And how cool is it that the shop itself is solar powered?But what I love best-est about Izzy's is that they recognize that people who can't have dairy still want ice cream.  The day we tried their soy chocolate ice cream was the day I knew my daughter would no longer be deprived.  It was bliss.  It should put the makers of Tofutti to shame.  And their sorbets?  Heaven.  I could only wish they kept more on their menu at a time, and stocked more for taking home, as we sometimes leave empty handed, with a disappointed daughter in tow.But ohhh-h-h-h-h that Salted Caramel.....
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,5/6/2010,441,746,6,16,6>There are a few places in the Twin Cities that ruins you for any other meal you may have.  Take Heidi's for example.  I haven't eaten a meal so delicious since being there, and doubt I will.  I can't eat a burger w/o thinking: This isn't as good as the one at Vincents.And now Anchor and their Fish & Chips.  Hot damn.  Normally you get a bunch of small pieces of fish (you know, at Mac's, or Red Lobster) but here you get a whole friggin fillet!  How do they keep the ends from being overdone (you know, those skinny parts) while the center is nice and tender?   A mystery. The fries were simply the best I have had--perfectly fried, none soggy and HAND CUT.  They take their time here, and it is worth the wait.Another mystery is why there aren't more chip shops in town like this one.  Exactly like this one.  In my neighborhood.  Because honestly, I am already plotting my return to try other items.(oh, the staff is really friendly.  our hostess/owner kept us posted on the wait and has a gentle touch that is made for the restaurant biz.)So even though we had to wait to sit, and wait to get the food to our table, it was worth it, despite the turbulent start...
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,5/5/2010,62,178,,8,4>My engagement ring came from Continental Diamond.  My husband had the best experience picking out the ring.  The staff at Conteniental was very helpful; providing insight and knowledge about diamonds, rings and settings.  Continental is on the first floor of an office building in St Louis Park (the building Clear Channel occupies - KDWB, Cities 97, etc...).  Alot of the clientel at Continetal are Vikings and Twins players.  I had to have my ring sized and resized because it didn't fit properly with my wedding band.  They were always so gracious and kind.  When you walk in Continetal (no matter if you are dressed up or in jeans) the staff is always very kind and ready to assit.  They don't scoff at you.  There are always snacks and drinks offered immediately.  They have a bar and almost a full spread of food around Christmas/New Years.  Their prices are a bit on the higher end, but it is worth every penny for the service you get!
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,5/4/2010,5,57,4,6,3>I have lived in Japan for a total of 4 years and am tired of people equating Japanese food with sushi. Yes obento-ya has sushi, but its strength is in the everyday Japanese food which is as authentic as I have seen stateside (including California). I highly recomend the basic bento boxes for lunch- only $8 ($13 if you want the larger box but I find the smaller ones filling enough for lunch).  I have had shogayaki (ginger pork) and saba (grilled mackeral) so far and they are to die for. Also had some of their kushi-yaki (fried skewered meat) which I need to have with beer next time! Apparently now they have izakaya late nights. I must go!
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,5/3/2010,7,77,5,4,3>I like the coffee and the service and the people, but I don't like the prices and the uneasiness about whether or not they are open on Sunday.  They are awesome and once signed for a package for me.  They also do a lot of great stuff for the neighborhood including free lunch, garage sale, etc.  The breakfast sandwiches are good and I heard that the breakfast burrito is great.  I've seen dogs in there and they seem to have no problem with me bringing in my pug while I pick up some coffee or a quick snack.  Recommend it, just not quite sure about Sunday since they are a coffee shop/religious facility... I pretty much alternate between here and Java J's who also let me bring my dog in.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,5/2/2010,85,193,,6,6>I totally thought this place would be just like Chipotle, according to a friend, but it turned out being just another Mexican-style joint that is not a taqueria but also not a Baja Fresh. And I know they call themselves "Tex-Mex" on their website and I immediately thought "oh no, not another Americanized Mexican restaurant" but the place is actually not what I thought it would be. Hehe.. anyhoo, my 4 star rating is solely based on the food, which was the fluata plato ($8-10), and the atmosphere. I probably enjoyed it a lot because I was half way tipsy off my cuervo 100 margarita ($11-12 and super tasty by the way) and I was starving. I love how the flautas crunched in my mouth and how I had a large lettuce/tomato/guacamole serving. Free chips & salsa before dinner so who needs to order appetizers? Sooo yeah! If you're looking for something considered "eclectic" here in MN and craving Mexican food, I say Pepitos is the place to be!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2009,5/1/2010,21,47,,4,4>This is the best ice cream in the Twin Cities, and maybe even the world.  I don't exaggerate.  Grand Ole Creamery typically offers a daily selection of 20-30 flavors of their own ice cream.  The flavors range from classics like chocolate and cookies 'n cream to the less common flavors like Black Hills Gold and pumpkin pie.  The scoops are huge and the cones are crispy.  Try the waffle cone, you won't regret it.  The line may be long at times, but the teenage staff keeps it moving quickly.  In fact, this might be the best service I've ever gotten from a store staffed predominately by teens.  So enjoy the warm weather and go out and get a cone!  Hell, go in the winter too; ice cream still tastes as good when it's cold.The only downside to the whole experience is finding a candy whopper at the bottom of your waffle cone and whoppers are gross, especially when one's not expecting to find one.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,4/30/2010,71,160,,4,7>I came here tonight for a work dinner with 20 other colleagues and was surprisingly pleased! I didn't know this restaurant existed until tonight.  I really haven't spent much time at this part of St. Paul, and I'm starting to think I'm really missing out on a lot. I had their Carpaccio.  Linguine with variety of seafood, tomatoes, etc baked in some paper.  It comes our wrapped on your plate and the server unwraps it in front of you.  It was really good! Seafood wasn't over-cooked like it can sometimes be.  There was just a lot -- I was nowhere close to finishing it up.  Dessert was scrumptious.  I had their creme brulee. Yummmmyy! The other desserts were really good too! They are smart and bring out a sample plate instead of just giving you the menu.  Visual stimulation is so much better than just words on a paper. Our group definitely fell for it.  It tasted as good as it looked though!It's a really cute, quaint place. The atmosphere was very "homey" and we had a good time there!
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,12/29/2013,22,98,3,10,5>This is such a gorgeous little cafe. The atmosphere is bright and airy with a  lovely view of the courtyard and the older part of the building. The cafe itself is in the newer/modern portion of the building, which creates a really lovely contrast. Fika is a great place to take your mom, mother-in-law or even your grandma. When I took my mom for lunch, I think I might have been one of 2-3 people under 35. Maybe it attracts a younger crowd for dinner? This isn't a place I would take my husband, the portions were too small/lady-like/lovely for him to really appreciate. He's a meat and potatoes man.I had the beet soup, which was incredibly delicious and different from anything I'd had before. I also had the braised beef open-faced sandwich. Loved the pickled onion on top, and the beef was tender. Would absolutely have that lunch again. My mom had the salmon and she was also pleased. The presentation of the dishes was absolutely gorgeous, they were colorful and really looked as good as they tasted.They've got a great array of desserts here. We ended up going home with a scone (for a friend - looked lovely but didn't get to sample it) and a few little sweet balls with different flavors that started with an A maybe... They were the perfect small, sweet bite to end our meal. I think that for the quality of food here the prices are pretty great. They also offer wine pairings for most of their dishes which is a nice touch. Our one complaint was that the server seemed to keep forgetting about us. Maybe it was just that it was mostly a retired crowd so life moves a little slower at this place? Still, it took a while to have the server take our order, check on us once the food arrived and ages to actually get our check. She was perfectly nice when she came to the table. If we make a return trip and the service is equally as slow, I'll probably knock off a star.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,12/28/2013,52,52,2,9,4>I had heard only good things about Pig Ate My Pizza before going there. I was not disappointed with anything, except the front door being permanently closed and having to enter through the back. Get there early and expect to wait. You WILL wait.The seating is family style. Your party will share a table with other parties. It will be loud and crowded. But, it's worth it.The atmosphere is exceedingly high energy. You are greeted immediately and loudly as you enter the main entrance. Your name is written on the wall and you are given an E.T.A for your table. The staff is constantly singing the birthday song, yelling out special orders, and calling out customers to their tables. It's NOT quiet. It's a lot of fun though, much like what you would find in New York City.The food was absolutely tasty, and exceptionally creative. Don't expect to order a "large combination" pizza. There's nothing traditional on the pizza menu. On the two pizzas we ordered, we got apples, mussels, and Brussels sprouts. You will enjoy the food.The prices are relatively high. The value is unquestionable though. You are buying great food, served by really fun staff who are creating a memorable experience for your party.The only downside is the location. They need twice the amount of space. They need the entry at the front door. They need to clean up the filthy entrance in back. Even with that, it's five stars.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,12/27/2013,797,294,8,9,8>Take me out to the ballpark... For $6 bucks?? Hell yes!! Plenty of room to tailgate and many people take advantage of this. It is such a fun atmosphere! You can get a massage while watching the game. I have never had one, but I don't think they provide that service in the beer garden anyway? Family friendly too! Fun park for the kids to play. The food is typical ball park fair... So I love a hotdog and a beer. I did have a gyro this time that was pretty tasty! Love the mascot... The Pig! When a train goes by you must yell train! Labor Day was a fun day to visit... $1 beers! I'm certainly going to miss this ballpark as they have the plans for the new St Paul lower town stadium. I hope they have the same room to tailgate and reasonable ticket prices. My fingers are crossed!
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,12/26/2013,92,102,3,10,6>Why buy when you can rent!?Kayaks, double kayaks, canoes, pedal boats, stand up paddle boards and bikes! Lake Calhoun, Lake of the Isles and Cedar Lake are all at your fingertips via Wheel Fun Rentals. Simply pay for the first hour and you've got a transportation vehicle to explore the lakes. Rent for as long as you like, you pay by the hour.  It's a fun fitness activity for singles, those dating and small/large families. They provide life jackets, paddles and instructions (if you need it!).A few tips:- Sign up for an annual membership. It's only $10 and affords you half price rentals for a whole year! If you're planning on coming back more than once this will pay for itself!- Expect lines - while the long lines can be overwhelming, don't worry - they go quick! They have more than enough to rent so you usually don't have to wait too long.- Skip Lake Calhoun and head over the Lake of the Isles/Cedar Lake - a much calmer and relaxing experience. You'll be amazed at the channel between Isles and Cedar - it's awfully scenic and romantic. - Leave some time at the end to enjoy fish or ice cream at Tin Fish located right next store after your expedition on the lakes!
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/25/2013,187,166,5,11,4>Today I received an the Weekly Yelp email blast, entitled Yelp's Sushi Smackdown, and I noticed that Obento-Ya is only six miles from where I work. I mentioned to my friend and coworker, Jack, who is always up for Sushi. So we decided to give it a try.Parking is a prime commodity, so we parked around the block and two streets away. Might as work up an appetite!At first we didn't see many people in the restaurant, but our worries were quelled when we found out they have a patio out back. Since Jack had already had a fair amount of sun from his golfing excursion yesterday, we opted to sit inside. (That last bit has nothing to do with the review of the restaurant, and you'll never get those 15 seconds back in your life.)Our server was Jesse, and we told him we were here because of the Yelp email. Apparently they didn't know about getting highlighted (yet), but Jesse was very helpful explaining the menu to us. Let me tell you, there are so many options on this menu, there's even something for people who don't typically like Sushi.  We both ordered the Fish Bento, which was Salmon, and ordered a side of Spicy Hamchi/Yellowtail.There was enough food, because it also included Miso Soup, but it was just the right amount. We didn't leave hungry (for once), nor were we completely stuffed and useless going back to work.We both agreed that we'd be back. If you don't want to have the endless portions at Kyoto Sushi at Har Mar, Obento-Ya is a great option. We found out this building had trouble keeping business going, having frequent turn-over, but Obento-Ya has been at this establishment/location for about six years. I hope it continues to do well, because it's a great neighborhood gem. Jack and I were glad it made Yelp's email today!
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/24/2013,7,35,3,5,3>Although I've moved out of the North Loop neighborhood, Mitrebox is still my go-to spot for great framing work. Yes, it's expensive, but if I didn't want my art and prints to look good, I could tape them up on the wall like I was still living in a dorm room. I have always worked with Sara, and she never fails to find creative and lovely options for me to choose from. Plus the house dog is pretty adorable. I am also a huge fan of their gifty stuff at the front of the store. I'm a paper freak, and I think they have some of the best cards in town. Overall, two thumbs up!
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,12/23/2013,93,58,6,9,9>Breaking news! They just increased the price on the cookies by 25 cents on Monday. At $1.25 for a cookie is pretty pricey but still chump change. I don't know what else they increased their prices on. On the other hand, Rustica, you're still my favorite and I forgive you.Never noticed the music before but they are currently playing Justin Timberlake's new CD. I'm digging it. Very hip and relaxing at the same time. The staff are very friendly. It's 5:00 pm and its not busy at all, perfect if you want to come here to get some quiet time and do some work. My usuals are a cup of Jasmine Green tea with honey and a chocolate chip cookie and a bittersweet cookie. I definitely recommend the cookies! The chocolate chip cookie is made extremely flat; the center is so soft and the outer crust chewy. Hmmm truly what I call the perfect cookie. The bittersweet cookie is soft as well and tastes almost like a brownie. I'm gonna go dump out my piggy bank now.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/22/2013,51,194,2,3,4>I am transplant from the other side of the river and absolutely love living in this neighborhood.   Obviously the perks of this park requires a list so here goes:- The old water tower gets opened up during Highland Fest and in the fall for the fall colors.  Once you climb the many stairs, you are treated to an amazing open air view of the surrounding area.  The planes at the airport look like toys landing and taking off and all the colors just pop if you time it right.  When open, it is only on the weekends. - Two golf courses.  On the 18 hole, the 15th hole has a sand trap done up like Snoopy (zoom in on link) in honor of Charles Schulz once being a caddy.  The 9 hole across the street is much hillier and is that way because a lot of it is the dirt from the construction of I-94 back in the 60's linking the two cities.  goo.gl/maps/ZnXbz- Cross country skiing.  Both course become x-country ski havens in the winter with even one of the courses having trails groomed.  There is also a sliding hill by the water tower which gets packed after a fresh snowfall. - The Pavilion (and many other shelters) can be rented for picnics.  Many a fine Booyah's, a fine upper midwestern treat that you need to have once in your life, are served here by neighborhood groups doing fund raisers.  Bring a tupperware container to bring some home if you'd like.  People will be there with empty ice cream bucket containers for the good ones.  - The swimming pool.  St. Paul has a few pools now that utilize sphagnum moss as a major cleaning process.  Amazing water and you don't come out smelling like a chlorine factory with your hair turning a different color or your eyes burnt red.  It's fantastic.  - Frisbee course.  While I don't understand the layout, many people do and it is always getting used.  - Just walk around in the park or on the paths.  Towering oaks, deer, fox, willow trees, hills and hidden stairs.  This is really an old park and a gem in the city.  Even the playground equipment has been updated in the last few years.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/21/2013,50,97,3,8,3>I really like this place. I've avoided writing a review on it before because it's hard for me to place my finger on why exactly I like this place, but I do. Sure it's kind of dark, and the bathrooms are small, and while they have a good selection it's not the best, but I *really* like this place. The Guinness tastes better here. The bartenders are friendly, there's one who will make a shamrock in the foam of your Guinness, which I find amusing and awesome. The music is free and every night. Sometimes it's loud and sometimes it's not. The bands set their own volume. The nights it's too loud inside they have a nice patio out back to lounge on. There is absolutely nothing pretentious about this place and maybe that's why I love it so much. It's the sort of place where I don't think I feel out of place regardless of how I was dressed, I could come in dressed up and feel like I fit in and I could probably show up in my pjs and not feel out of place (I usually shoot for somewhere between the two though).
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,12/20/2013,75,123,8,16,10>Ohmygosh!  I was so thrilled to have found this salon, and it is all thanks to Yelp!  Of course, the Yelpers should receive credit for their thorough reviews. Browsing the reviews, Mezzanine Salon seems to have so many skilled stylists, so I had lots of choices  and decided on Saumer K. My decision was mostly  based  on  fellow Yelper  Leah O's review...because I too have naturally curly hair and not only did I want a nice look but wanted a cut that I can manage well without too much fuss. Anyways, my experience all started when I went for my last haircut at another salon. The stylist I usually go to was busy that day, so I was assigned a different stylist - who kept telling me because she was Asian, she would do good for  my  Asian hair *red flag for me* I always hear this...but is Asian hair that different? It's hair, human hair. I agree though that we are all unique individuals with different shaped head and texture of hair but I'm not sure if that has anything to do with Asian..and what do you know...I came out with  an awful haircut with  layers that made my head looking big and awkward, and my length much shorter, that I wanted to cry.  Then of course, I tried to fix it at home, ending up cutting more of my hair..causing more damage.  Well, what do I do next? Well, I turned to Yelp, of course -  and found Mezzanine Salon, with raving reviews. Next,  I make an appt through their website, and requested for Saumer...and I 'm so glad I did.  Saumer listened to exactly what I wanted, asked many questions, and took her time with my hair . She did an amazing job, and  I'm definitely a fan and very grateful to have found Saumer. I went in hating my hair, and came out with a do that compliments my face, easy to manage, and that I get frequent compliments ever since.Thanks, Saumer you're a miracle worker!  I'm now letting my hair grow  so I won't be back for awhile... but I am planning to see you again in a few months...so I can grow it long nicely. Oh, and thanks again, to Yelp and to my fabulous fellow Yelpers!
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/2/2013,19,66,2,5,4>Go here.Just stop reading this review on your smartphone and order.Do it.Now, if you're at home reading this, I'll go into more depth.I first when to the Black Sea years ago, nearly when it opened. Ali and Sima were the only employees. I got to know Ali as I speak German and spent time in Germany. If you've never been to Germany, the Döner Kebap or gyro is akin to our chinese food. It's an ethnic dish that everyone loves. If you have a German friend, bring them here. They will lose their damn mind that it exists here. If you've been overseas and crave a hamburger, it's akin to that feeling.That said, I've tried nearly everything on the menu. The chicken gyro (Döner Kebap) is clutch and a go to lunch item for $6 with fries. A heckuva deal and well worth it for the taste.If you have more time, get one of the tasting plates. (The pictures on the wall will help.) I've given young suitors the address and it's always a surefire win for a first date.While Ali and Sima no longer own it, a nice fellow named Tolga took over and has kept the menu up to date and even improved the furnishings.I never go enough but I'm happy to hear that the Hamline student body, and full time staff, patronize it regularly.I will always go back.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,1/1/2013,13,42,4,9,5>I think everyone needs to go here.I have very, very curly hair. Like, borderline old-lady-slash-white-girl-afro, so finding a stylist I trust has never been an easy feat. I found my perfect dream stylist while living in Chicago, but needless to say, I can't fly to Chicago every time I need my hair cut.So then finding a place to get my hair cut in Minneapolis was always a stressful thing that I hated. I've been to more stylists in the past 2.5 years than I'd like to admit..And then I found Jen at The Hive.I was apprehensive at first because I knew she did the dry-cut approach, which I've had mixed experiences with. But she assured me that her way was different, and she was right. I loved the cut, and it grew out beautifully (which is NOT typical). When I went in this weekend for my second appointment with her, I loved it all even more.Plus, scalp massage and relaxing steamed towel? Yes please. OH AND best part! It's affordable! At least $15-20 cheaper than the so-called "curly experts" I've been to before. I am a huge fan.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,12/31/2012,58,321,5,3,5>Every year I plot my Renfest adventure... Here are a few of my favorite things about the Renaissance Festival of Minnesota:1.  Having an excuse to dress like a wench and seeing everyone else's costumes.   I ran into Queen Elizabeth last year in full regalia and her get-up was fabulous.  She must have been sweating bullets under that powdered wig.2.  The food.  It's not going to be the same every weekend you go, especially with the changing themes.  There are a few standards, of course.  My favorite is the apple dumpling and the apple cider float.  Seriously.3.  The games.  I have found out that I have a special skill at throwing battle axes.  I was quite proud of myself at discovering useless talent #33- must have been from all of that Xena Warrior Princess I grew up watching. 4.  The animal rides.  Two years ago was the first time I had ever ridden a horse, and it was here.  The animal caretakers seem genuinely caring about their creatures.  Last year, I upgraded to riding an elephant (and simultaneoulsy dragging my best friend with me as she remarked it was on her bucket list- done and done).5.  The craftsmenship.  I love buying jewelry and home decor at these places, because a lot of items are handmade.  If you see a tall redhead staring in wonder at the glassblowing stand, you've just met your fellow yelper.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,12/30/2012,65,260,2,4,4>By far my very favorite restaurant in the Twin Cities.  The only problem is that everyone else knows how great this place is and it is ALWAYS packed.Get the Fries.  yes the FRIES!  They are simply the best i've ever had, thin & crispy, perfectly salted.  Great appetizer to share with your table after your 1.5hr wait.  Oh yeah, you will wait about 1.5hrs to be seated on any night for dinner, like even during the week most days.  Is the food worth it? ... YEP.  I recommend the beef cheeks, but order a side of the brussel sprouts to get some sour to balance out the sweet tender meat of the beef cheeks.  Totally casual environment, nice wait staff.  But dont go here if you want to sit and eat for a couple of hours, be kind to all the other patrons who are waiting (and there will be lots of them), when you are done eating please mosey to the bar and free up your table.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,12/29/2012,87,226,4,5,4>This is one of my top burger places in the Twin Cities (maybe the best?!).  I've been to all the other places that serve the Jucy Lucy (or Juicy Lucy if you're a grammar freak).  I have to say that this place has the best Jucy Lucy, at least in my book. I've been to the The Nook once before (before it burned down) and to their sister location, Shamrocks.  At Shamrocks, I dominated the Nookie Supreme Challenge, got my picture and my shirt!The newly renovated Nook is similar in look like it was before, just a lot newer and maybe not as divey as it once was.  But give it a few years and I'm sure it'll feel like it once did.  The decor is cozy and very much a bar scene.  Lots of pictures of the local area and old signs from back in the day.  When we got there, the main seating floor was full and there was a 45 minute wait.  We decided to head down into the dungeon, a.k.a. second bar with bowling alley (which I had NO IDEA was down there) and found space at the bar.I ordered the Guys Big Bite (yes, Guy Fieri was there and they made a sandwich after him).  This thing is loaded with bacon, roast beef and a jucy lucy patty packed with pepper jack cheese.  If you love a great burger, you'll love this one.  I got it will grilled onions on top and fries.  It arrives on wax paper in a green basket and my mouth begins water, well it starts to water MORE.  This is a burger you don't put ketchup on.  I take my first bite and the roast beef, bacon and pepper jack hit me right away.  You can taste the meat and there is a hint of the grilled onions.  It's simply an amazing burger, something that you can get anywhere else (don't even try!).  Go to the Nook, don't go anywhere else, just go to the Nook (TRUST ME!).
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/28/2012,46,105,3,3,3>I remember when upon hearing about where Fulton would be opening their brewery and Taproom I told someone that "it would be great for people like me, and my friends to go to a brewery before a baseball game, but I really don't think the idea will take off."  Well, if you ever see me walking down the street feel free to slap me in the face as hard as you can for saying such nonsense. This place is balls to the walls ("balls" how appropriate) before and after Twins games but not in a bad way.  The taproom is staffed well and the food trucks are always great.  Did I mention the beer is great too?  I'm a big fan of their "Sweet Child of Vine" and if you are lucky enough to get their "Lonely Blonde" when they are infusing it with grapefruit behind the bar you will be in heaven.  The only drawback is the expense of the beer at the taproom which you would think would be lower than a regular bar but if I was printing money like that place is I guess I wouldn't mind taking an extra buck from the masses either, it obviously hasn't hurt them any.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/27/2012,84,128,4,4,4>Oh boy, I really loved it here.Stopped by a couple days ago with my girlfriend after work, was incredibly busy at 6:30. We managed to get a spot at the bar, though, and they have an outdoor area where you can grab a drink and wait, which seemed like a fine deal.I ordered the Smoked Porter, and was instantly thrilled with my decision. It's very rich and smokey, and I want a growler of it immediately. I also got an Autumn ale later, and that was excellent, too.We asked the bartender for his recommendations, and he highly recommended the smoked beef, wings, and onion rings. I went with the smoked beef and shared fries with my friend. He also gave us the 'you have to add bacon' talk, which I, of course, went with. A smoked beef sandwich with Gouda and horseradish sauce, plus house smoked bacon? No brainer.The result was delicious and enormous, and of course I downed it all. My friend got the smoked trout wrap, which came with diced apples and that was good,too. All in all, a delightful night. The only slight hiccup was when my friends wrap came without bacon, she figured she forgot to order it. When it came up on her tab, she pointed it out, and the bartender gave her an option: he'd take the money off, or he'd make her another wrap to take home. She (smartly) went with the latter. What great service!
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,12/26/2012,63,341,2,5,5>Grand opening day and Foxy was on point!I stopped in after an afternoon volunteering and needed something for dinner.  I opted for two stoplight gluten free platters and some beet salad.  There was a bit of a wait, but after all it was grand opening day.  Once the food was ready I stepped up to the pickle bar to "put my mark on it" with a more than ample selection of pickled veggies and sauces.Travel through time about half an hour that it took me to get the food home (okay, I don't live anywhere near St. Paul) and the food was most excellent.  Even with the travel time the falafel was still nice and crispy, and tasty to boot.  Cabbage slaw was killer, as was the hummus.  Tomatoes and cuke were exactly as I like them (note - never ever gotten an unred tomato from Foxy).  If you need to get some falafel to go and you have a bit of a drive/bike ride/jog, I really recommend you get it as a gluten free platter, a sandwich wouldn't hold up as well as the platter does.So glad you are open Foxy and I am looking forward to even more great food from you in the future!
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,12/25/2012,534,142,4,13,10>Caveat: My review is based solely on take-out experience."There is a little bit of Chinese in every Indian" - Mahesh K.Growing up in India, I had the privilege of eating some of the most delicious "Indo-Chinese dishes" from street corner food trucks to classy, upscale restaurants in Hyderabad and Bangalore. Believe me the blend of Indian and Chinese cuisine is great what with distinct flavors and tastes. Indo-Chinese is surely one of my favorite cuisines in the world. Chin Dian Cafe is born out of the owners' diverse ethnicities - Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian and Malaysian. The diversity clearly shows in their recipes. I had heard about Chin Dian from a friend almost a year ago. I finally got a chance to order take-out from Chin Dian last night. The order included Cream Cheese Wontons, Chin Dian Fried Rice with Paneer minus Egg and Chin Dian Manchurian with Paneer.  The order was ready within 15 minutes of placing and neatly packaged. The prices were just about right for the quantity/portion size. The food was warm enough even after a 10 minute drive back home. Everything tasted very good with the right amount of spice and flavor. The Paneer was well cooked and the gravy was excellent. Cream cheese wontons were on par with the ones you get at Jasmine 26. The fried rice was exactly how I imagined it to be, close to my Indian taste buds. The restaurant is located off the beaten path on E Hennepin in NE. When I walked in to pick up my order, I noticed the small red booths by windows and the kitchen right up front at the entrance. The smells reminded me of my days in India, eating Chinese Fried Rice and Gobi Manchurian at street corner food trucks.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/24/2012,64,122,2,4,4>Not going to lie, I was a bit bummed to move to Robbinsdale a few months ago. "What? Give up my Minneapolis zip code? Why would I want to do that?" I was a fool. During a summertime run to Dairy Queen, I discovered the main street of Robbinsdale and fell in love. All of these great neighborhood places within walking distance? Without the huge Minneapolis markup? Sold.Hackenmueller Meats is one of the best places along this stretch. The bf is a HUGE meat fan, and just had to get something. A couple of polish sausages, a Killebrew root beer, and a bag of fresh sauerkraut later, we were ready for a summer time feast.Oh, and feast we did. The polish sausages were the perfect color, well spiced, and just bursting with meaty goodness. The sauerkraut was tangy and crunchy. Way better than the canned stuff, and almost as good as the kind my great grandmother made. Almost. You can't really compete with a woman whose husband's name was Bohemmal. For reals.Anyway, I am glad that this place is within walking distance from my humble abode. Huzzah!
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/19/2012,56,105,3,2,3>What a hidden gem. Fort Snelling is a huge state park with gorgeous trails for walking and biking and a beautiful/barely used beach. It's centrally located between Minneapolis and Saint Paul so it's not that far of a drive if you are coming from either city.The best part is you are so close to the airport that it feels like the planes are going to land on you while you're getting your tan on.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/18/2012,24,156,3,3,2>I've been to Flutter as both a bridesmaid and as a bride.  While the selection is scaled down compared to other bridal boutiques, you'll find plenty of both unique and classic designs to try on.  My bridesmaid shopping experience: Each dress style comes in one color and one size (the sizes I saw ranged from 6-10).  For those trying on a dress that's not your size it takes a little creativity to overlook zippers that won't zip and myriad of clips.  Even more imagination is required to envision the dress in the provided swatch color.  Measurements are taken and there tends to be pressure to buy a size up to assure the best fit for the wedding.  Although this can be a slightly overwhelming and embarrassing, rest assured that they have the best intentionsMy bridal gown shopping experience: There's one size of each dress, most hovering around a size 6.  I had a number of long and short hemmed gowns to try on.  There was great variety in style and all were very unique.  Flutter was a refuge for me, I was able to escape the typical strapless and long length numbers  found everywhere else.  The size of the main floor dressing room was generous in size and accommodating for my group of bridesmaids, mom, and mothers-in-law.  I appreciated the changing room area.  I'm sure my moms equally appreciated not seeing my lil' bitties and underwears.I'm very happy with my flutter experiences.  The staff has been consistently helpful without being too pushy.  I recommend shopping well in advance to allow for shipment of the dress and tailoring as needed.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/17/2012,41,95,,4,7>Every wanna-be sports bar needs to take lessons from Adagio, whoever he is, because he knows what he's doing. Clearly Adagio's priority is good food. They didn't spend all their start-up on "glam" light fixtures or fake collectibles for the walls. Wow. We've been a few times, and I held off on reviewing because I felt a 5 coming (and I'm too cynical to give one right off the bat) but I feel it is deserved. All of their ingredients are very fresh, and they don't assume everyone who comes in wants lots of beef.But let me tell you about the spaghetti. I have had so many crummy spaghetti-at-restaurants experiences (it really makes me mad, too, good sauce is not THAT hard) so I was hesitant. . . but intrigued by their "Supreme Spaghetti" with sour cream, mushrooms, and lots of other goodies. I know, it seemed wrong. . . but it is so right. Yes, get in your car and go get some. They deserve our YelpLove.(it's not very pretty, though, but there's a certain peace in that, you know?)
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,9/16/2012,80,75,3,5,3>Charred pizza is the new black! And its popularity goes beyond wood/coal-cooked pizzas. Those who master the art of charred pizza are able to discern where "charred" ends and "burnt" begins. And believe me, it's not an easy thing to figure out. It's even more complicated than that; because there are different styles or more precisely different schools of thought! While some believe the only two parts that could and must be charred are the crust and outer edges, others believe that the art lies in the ability to char the cheese without charring the crust. Also, there is this specific line of thought that holds the only black blemishes allowed on pizza are those of sun dried tomatoes! The Parkway's Supreme pizza is an excellent example of good MN style outer-edge-charred pizza. The right smokey flavor of the charred crust blends into the well chosen ingredients' taste and as you bite into your slice, two separate messages from your nose and your mouth go to your brain and collectively inscribe a good memory up there. The place is charming. They deliver late in the night and if you call in your order, it will be ready in 15mins, even in the busiest hours.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,9/15/2012,24,41,2,3,3>The Lowry is definitely up there with the best happy hours in town.I love a restaurant that can master the oh so difficult feat at being both incredibly relaxed and cool while serving simply delicious food and drinks. You see "Burgers Whiskey Eggs Oysters" on the side of the building and enter to find that and so much more. As a recent fan of oysters, I appreciate their happy hour offering of raw oysters for $3. I've also tried their tempura green beens, cheese curds and, I'm not kidding you, the most delicious deviled eggs I've ever eaten. They know what they're doing.I've gone there for both happy hour, regular dinner and a couple of fun birthdays (free dessert!). Every time I have had exceptional service in the bar, wonderful drinks and delicious food. I am always surprised when I get the bill and it is never more than $30 despite the fact that my tummy is full and buzz is set.Great place to meet friends for either just a snack, meal or if you just want to see the waitress set a drink on fire. That really happened. It was awesome.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,9/14/2012,7,78,2,3,3>Anchor is to fish what Brasa is to chicken!FRESH Wild Alaskan Cod deep fried in a crispy batter. Key word FRESH. You can simply see the freshness in the product. Their beef is local grass fed beef and their eggs (they have a great breakfast) are free range organic eggs. Sides are also very good. Coleslaw is the wet variety which I love. The mushy peas have a great flavor.Solid beer tap selection. Patio seating for 6 people. Servers are very friendly.Food is 4.5 stars. The fact it is local and mostly organic bumps it right to a 5 star place for me
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,9/13/2012,86,304,3,7,7>This is what collectivism looks like. Respect.Is it spotless? Nah. Is it delicious, and warm, and inviting, and positive, and powerful, and full-on Minnesotan? Yes. This place is built by the community, for the community. It's run by the workers and they all split tips equally amongst the staff. For most part you serve yourself. The things you can do for yourself- grab some coffee, pour some tea, get some water, collect silverware- you do. Things you can't- cook delicious breakfast, make monetary change- they do. It's a beautiful system.This place is on my short list for amazing breakfast joints in Minneapolis. Their food is highly customizable, so if you like hashbrowns and avocados but are vegan and are jonesin for a gluten-free pancake... no worries. You can mix and match however you like. Plus, their coffee is bottomless (new!) and they have large wooden booths to camp out in with enough table space to spread out the Sunday New York Times.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/12/2012,54,160,8,12,3>I was searching out for somewhere in the Twin Cities that had a "sensory deprivation chamber" after seeing Lisa and Homer do it on The Simpsons (true story!!). Anyway, I finally came across The Wellness Center. They've got a float tank that works pretty much the same way as the one on tv! I had to try it!It looked a little expensive, so I had bookmarked it and kept revisiting it every once in a while. Then one lucky morning, I got an email from Groupon featuring their float tank. YES!! I bought it right away and scheduled.When I arrived, I was promptly greeted and checked in. The decor wasn't as nice as other spas I've been too but it was ok. The place was bright and well-kept. The employee took me down to the basement where they have the float tank. I was brought into a bathroom/changing room and explained that I had an hour to float, and to just relax. The changing room wasn't all that different from a hotel bathroom. It had a small shower stall, sink, and toilet. The float tank room though, was nicely appointed and looked relaxing.The tank itself is a big plastic bin. Sort of like a small-ish dumpster. I know that sounds bad, but it's not. That just sort of the size and shape of the tub. It's fully enclosed but not claustrophobic. Inside there are controls to turn mood lighting on and off. Music is piped in from the stereo system. you just lie there and float. It's sort of like the dead sea. The water has so much salt in it that you become buoyant.The floating experience was interesting. At first I had a hard time settling in and just relaxing. My mind was having trouble becoming un-alert and stopping to worry about me drowning. It was very relaxing. After a while though, my neck started to get a little sore. I don't know if I was unconsciously straining my neck to stay above water or what. It started to get tight.The only downside, is that it didn't seem to be heated. The water was kind of cold and as time went on I started to shiver. I took this as a sign to get out and take a hot shower. Looking at the clock though I was in there for almost an hour without realizing it. It would be nice if the water had a heater or if they had a heater fan periodically blowing in warm air.It was a fun experience though. Unfortunately, I didn't have visions or hallucinations from sensory deprivation like they did on The Simpsons. It was still relaxing and a fun experience though. I'm glad I did it!
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/11/2012,48,140,,9,3>This is hands-down, the best dog park I have ever been to.  I get here, pay $1.50 for 2 hours of parking in the lot across the street, and basically get dragged by my dogs to the gate of the park.Once beyond the gate, we're off to a 1/2 mile hike through the woods.  The dogs get to swim in the Mississippi, chase squirrels (that haven't yet learned that this off leash area is NOT the place to hang out), climb on fallen tree trunks, dig in the mud.  Depending on the weather the beach can be big and sandy with slow moving water, or pretty much non-existant (water all the way up to the trees, sometimes beyond).  This place is the most magical (and messy) after heavy rains, when the flooding turns the lower paths into large streams and the walk is more wading than hiking.This is where my now 1 year old puppy Nori learned how to play fetch, where she learned to swim, and to socialize with other dogs.  It's where I've learned to trust them (when they're swimming in fast currents, running off into the woods, greeting other dogs).  It's where Tofu (my other rescue dog) showed me what kind of dog he was: scared and submissive at home, yet barking and warning off another dog that was bullying Nori at this park.  I love this place.After you've explored the beachfront, don't forget that there are also trails through the woods inland (with small bluffs and hills for hiking along).bring:towels (to wipe your dogs down before they get in the car)water (for you, there's no fountains near the park)bug sprayball (if your dogs need one, you won't find them laying around here like you would at lake of the isles park)it would be even better if:there were a beach-style faucet to rinse yourself and your dogs off before getting in the car
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,9/10/2012,52,160,4,8,4>Excelsior Brewing is a part of the burgeoning craft beer community in the Twin Cities.  The Tap Room opened on the 4th of July at noon, and we walked through the door at 12:08.  The Brewery is located about 3 blocks off of the lake in a semi-hidden area, but it is well worth seeking it out.  It seemed amusingly appropriate that a person dressed as Captain Jack Sparrow sauntered into the building during our visit, and pretended to be drunk, swinging a growler freely through the air.The tap room is very open, and directly off of the brewery and milling rooms.  I would imagine at this point the tap room doubles as work space when customers are not sipping samples from the taps....but they already have designs to double their size by the fall of 2013, and sell their beer in cans at that point in time.  We were fortunate to be able to taste the first batch of beer ever produced by Excelsior Brewing Company, and it did not disappoint.  On tap was Bridge Jumper IPA, a pale ale with a kick and a great aftertaste.  The hops had a citrus snap, and a sweet aftertaste, with a 9% alcohol volume that provided a nice kick.  Speaking with Peter, the owner, he stated they would be brewing future batches at a slightly lower alcohol volume without sacrificing the overall taste.Soon to follow the IPA that we sampled, there will be a Pale Ale, and a Blonde offered in the coming weeks.  All beer can be purchased by the pint for 5 bucks in the tap room, or in a growler for a very reasonable 15 bucks, that includes a 5 dollar deposit for the bottle.I am looking forward to future visits to the taproom, and trying the other styles of beer that make their way out of Excelsior.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,6/21/2010,140,449,2,6,3>A nice, mild, Sunday afternoon.  A few friends gather on the patio for a cool beverage and lunch.Their restrained prairie setting around the perimeter is beautiful, considering you're sitting at the edge of a parking lot.  Little birds hop about to pick up any errant crumbs.  Customers tend to perpetuate the birds' activity.Shortly after arriving, and after bringing us our beverages, our female server announced that she was leaving for the day and that "Chris" would be our server.I ordered their sangria.  What a delight that was.  Some sort of red wine (she didn't know) mixed (just before serving it) with fruit juices and then served in a tall, ice cream parlour sort of glass, with a wooden skewer of strawberries and a chunk of fresh pineapple.  It was nicely sweet, though not too, and refreshing.  All that for $5.95 - cheaper than their least expensive glass of wine.For lunch, I ordered their "spicy grilled shrimp club sandwich."  Loved it.  Tender-grilled and nicely-spiced whole shrimps, slices of avocado, slices of tomato, lettuce greens, some kind of aioli, on grilled sourdough bread.  It was very satisfying and complimented my sangria nicely.  I felt it was well worth the $10.95 price, and I'd certainly order it again."Chris" our waiter was great.  Well spoken (not intrusively chatty), at-ease, informative and helpful.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,6/20/2010,20,81,2,8,5>I live a few blocks from the stone-arch bridge and running across it has become a near daily thing.  It's best at night - running toward the downtown city lights is something to be seen.  It is a spectacular view from the Guthrie, up high in that room....yeah.  Also a lovely view from I-35W, but only going south.  The parks attached to either side of the park are gorgeous and have lovely views of the river and the city.  There are also mill ruins nearby, and a farmers market in the summer.  A number of bars and a movie theater line the Main St. that runs through the park on the east side of the river.  I would highly recommend a day trip if you have never visited the area before!
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,6/19/2010,39,93,,5,4>TOP NOTCH. This place exceeded my high expectations for a hyped-up restaurant. We were lucky enough to snag reservations for 7:30 on Friday - and were seated immediately. Our server was fantastic - no pretentious attitude, was super knowledgeable, cool and efficient. 2 things that were OUTSTANDING and you should run and try stat:SOFT EGGS and LOBSTER BruschettaCALAMARATA with RAW TUNABetween 4 people:2 bottles of wine (house zinfandel)2 apps1 bruschetta6 small pastas1 side of polenta1 dessert$150 + tip. Yeah. I'll be back...SOON.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,6/18/2010,44,117,5,7,6>Since my trip to New York I have discovered that I love French macaroons, so you can imagine my delight at discovering that Sweets Bakeshop recently opened in St. Paul and features incredible macaroons and cupcakes. They vary their macaroon selection daily, so I was able try the mango, mocha, turtle, and salted caramel. All were delightfully rich and true to their flavor. I was most impressed with the mango, as it is clear that they used the best ingredients and fresh mango puree, not extracts or syrup. After picking up my macaroons I met up with my brother, who is generally ambivalent when it comes to sweets (example, as a thank you for picking me up from the airport a couple weeks ago I got him one of those obscene caramel apples with peanut butter, white chocolate, caramel and peanuts. When I asked him how it was, he shrugged and said "It was good"). I offered him a macaroon, he said "I don't know what that is." I showed him the bag and said "Don't crush them! They're fragile!". He replied "They look like hamburger". But once he tried the Turtle macaroon his eyes lit up and he looked at me, saying "I want another one" (a la Liz Lemon's "I want to go to there").So there you have it, this place is the best. My only gripe is that they can't feature all their macaroon flavors every day (the have over a dozen varieties), so I'm going to have to make multiple trips to St. Paul to try them all.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,6/17/2010,41,188,6,9,5>Crab clawsShrimp dumplingShrimp dumpling topped with scallop and roeTofu skin rollFried tofu stuffed with shrimpAfter years of eating here, I've had pretty much everything on the trays and carts and this happens to be the combination that makes me stuffed and happy. If you're a dim sum newbie, just be aware that dim sum service requires patience so resist the urge to hijack the dim sum carts. If the cart hasn't come around for a while, just know that you can ask the bussers and the staff just standing around to get whatever item you can't go without for another minute. They usually oblige and you can congratulate yourself for being one step closer to a high maintenance dim sum whor..... I mean customer like I can sometimes be. Besides this, make sure the item you want has steam coming off from it. Slap yourself on the hand when you don't follow this rule. I did when I got rice noodles stuffed with shrimp*.  It was lukewarm and gross to eat, so I flagged a busser, asked for it to be reheated in the microwave, and a couple minutes later, he brought it back out re-STEAMED, not microwaved. That was SERVICE although it came with a smug face. Totally understandable.Anyway, this is the best dim sum you can find.....in Minnesota that is.*Okay, I didn't really slap myself in a restaurant.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,6/16/2010,186,185,2,9,5>Filipino food is not classy. It's street food, it's greasy chicken adobo, it's oily lumpia. But Subo takes it up at least 17 notches. Seriously.Atmosphere: This place is one of the coolest places to grab a drink in Downtown, kid you not. It's got an awesome vibe, not too loud, and ubercool bartender Adam will take care of you.Drinks:- 2 Flights of Sake: ($9) A nice sampling of three smooth ass sake's- 1 Caraf of Jumnai Daiginjyo: ($9.5 during HH) 60% polished sake doesn't exist in MPLS, except in Subo.- 2 Mi Amigos (Cocktails of the Day): $3 during happy hour.- some Sake Beer: $16. Great but not worth $16.Food:- Lumpia: This was absolutely awesome. We sat at the bar, not expecting anything this tasty. Crisp on the outside, cooked to perfect pork on the inside. The sauce took it over the top, tangy but sweet.- Pork Thai Sausage: This really was like candy. Sweet sausage with a candy dipping sauce. Overall: Awesome place for a drink and a quick bite. I'd start my night there every day. I can't believe Happy Hours on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. $3 tap beers, cheap eats, and cool place to hang out.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/15/2010,102,347,10,18,7>I went for the all-you-can-eat sushi last night.  $25 gets you unlimited sushi, appetizers, teriyaki, tempura, teppanyaki, sashimi and more.  Usually I'm not much for all-you-can-eat: I'm small, I'm a girl, and buffets gross me out.  Akita counters these points well.First of all, sushi is expensive and I usually spend about $25 to eat a couple rolls.  So in terms of getting my money's worth, this was a very reasonable price.  Unlike getting my money's worth at a pizza or Indian buffet - where I end up exclaiming, "I just paid $15 to eat two pieces of pizza!"Secondly, it's not a buffet!  Oh holy night.  You order off the menu as if you were a regular sushi eater, and then you order more, and more, and more, and try something weird, and order some more - and it's all the same price.  And it's not gross or soggy or overcooked.We tried a lot of things, and almost all was good.The Good:Sushi pizza:  I don't really know how to describe it, but it's got salmon, rice, is fried, and is tasty.Special rolls: All good.  Nothing huge, but I prefer bite-size anyway because sometimes sushi makes me gag.Sashimi: Served on lettuce, not rice, which is really, really weird for an all-you-can-eat place.  Typically I imagine they want you to fill up on rice - though their sashimi is cut, like, paper thin.Udon noodles: I got beef with udon noodles, and it was tasty.  Authentic beats Noodles' version every time.Fried rice: I didn't try it, but my friend got barbeque eel fried rice, which is pretty crazy sounding.Fried scallops: Good, but weird.  And maybe a waste of a good scallop.  But probably the best outcome for a not-so-good scallop.Potstickers: Yum, as always.Red Bean Ice Cream: Yum, too.The OkayEdamame: Not salted.  Blech.  Ate it anyway.Chicken teriyaki sushi: I realize that this sounds gross and I shouldn't have ordered it, but it was gross.  Gross.The menu included a few other things I wanted to try, but obviously, I was stuffed after gorging on the above.  Namely fried curry pork, any of the tempuras, and more noodles.Service was great too - despite our crazy ordering, it came out probably faster than an average sushi restaurant (no offense, other local places - they have several sushi chefs churning this stuff out).  Our waitress was attentive and engaging, and our water / soda glasses were always full.  It was actually a really nice experience for an all-you-can-eat place.  There were plenty of people around, but not so busy that we got left behind.To be fair, however, this wasn't the most awesome sushi ever.  But it was better than most cheap sushi, and the all-you-can-eat bonus made it fun to try everything we wanted, and not care if we ordered something gross (though there is a 15% surcharge for "excessive waste of food."  Leaving most of a plate of fried rice, and all the chicken teriyaki sushi, was apparently not excessive.)Also, the decor is apparently a little cheap.  A neighboring patron asked us to stop moving around because it was shaking the booth.  Which is pretty funny, but not that funny to her I guess.  Also, we weren't doing anything crazy, just getting up to go to the bathroom, passing dishes around, etc.  Hopefully they can figure out how to stabilize those things soon.All in all, other than being in Woodbury, Akita's got a lot of good things going for it.  Never change!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,6/14/2010,87,290,3,5,2>I am shamelessly biased when it comes to the St. Paul Farmer's Market. So even though I only have to walk 50 feet out my front door to enjoy this St. Paul staple, I feel I can still justify singing the market's praises because of the following:- It's open year round (9 AM - noon on Saturdays in the normal space and inside Golden's Deli during the winter).- All wares are produced locally.- High quality selection of meats, cheeses, organic produce, breads and knick-knacks at reasonable prices.- Decent street food (Asian food, cheddar dogs and roasted corn are usually in attendance).- Within walking distance to many other enjoyable activities in Lowertown.- Convenient parking.- They often have live music.It's quite possible that comparable markets exist in the Cities, but the St. Paul market has plenty of appeal for your common localvore and things only appear to be getting better every year - especially if the city moves forward with resumming construction on the indoor farmer's market/flats across the street.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,6/13/2010,102,126,,5,4>Oh, Punch.....ti amo!  That means I love you, for you non Italian speakers.  I finally made it over to Punch and was not disappointed in the least!  This is the best pizza I've had in a LONG time and reminded me so much of the pizza I ate almost every day when I studied in Italy.  I had the Toto with arugula, goat cheese, and prosciutto.  Divine!  Our table also got a big tasty salad (no iceberg and ranch here) and some spinach artichoke dip that was the by far the best I've ever had, it was less fatty/mayonnaise-y than most although I'm sure it wasn't low fat.  Kudos for the cheapish wine by the bottle (Chianti for $20).Cons - We went on a Friday and it was busy (read LOUD).  I didn't know that this was an order at the counter type place and would have enjoyed being waited on, but it was kinda fun to watch the pizza making process, so oh well.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,6/12/2010,155,803,,7,2>I walked a few blocks away from Target HQ to Hennepin and 12th on a recommendation from a trusted friend to go eat at Eli's Bar and Grill.  I entered the small establishment (About 10 tables with a long bar) and at about 12:15 they had one table left.  We snatched it up and both ordered a Diet Coke which came out fast.They had a lot of healthy options along with additional bar food, but they had turkey burgers and veggie burgers and veggie dogs if that does it for you.  Plus, they had a house salad with chicken that looked awesome. I ordered the black and blue turkey burger with coleslaw.  You can order fries too, which looked awesome, for an extra buck. The service is the only thing I can complain about, and not even that, our server was awesome, it just took too long for the food to come out.  That being said, the burger was amazing.  With caramelized onion on top and lots of crumbled blue cheese on top.  The crispiness of the crust of the turkey burger was perfect. The perfect toastiness of the roll was beautiful. The coleslaw wasn't to full of mayo, more of a vinegar based, which was just fine with me.After about 6 Diet Cokes (I said the server was awesome) we got our bill and I only had half my burger, as I was already full.Great atmosphere, about 6 taps, full bar, and awesome food equals five stars.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,11/27/2010,28,83,1,3,3>Update on Amici...Went to Amici again.  They didn't have the Braised beef on the Menu so I went with it's replacement.  Hangar Steak.   It was delicious as well!  Kudos to the chef once again.  Super tender steak comes with some potato, corn, and blue cheese relish, all top with a red pepper vinaigrette that was to die for.   I loved it.   M- loved her gnocchi and my tiny bite of her dish was very flavorful and savory.  K-seemed to devour his pizza, and other K- seemed to really like the bucatini pasta dish!   All around pretty dang good.   The one and only issue from the night is that we ordered the Flourless Chocolate Cake with the salted caramel ice cream.  The Flourless cake was not gooey and delicious like it had been in the past.   It was just dense, and normal...still kinda good, but we didn't finish it.   Hopefully that was a fluke!  Can't wait to go back and get some pizza when I drop about 20 more lbs!Updates on Amici....Picked up take out from Amici a month ago.   Things looked great.  It was busy on a Sunday night.   They have a patio out on Johnson that looked to be dog friendly.   I'm currently off carbs...I had an issue with stuffing my face with loaves of bread.   This diet has allowed me to order things that I typically don't.  I splurg on Steak, and fresh seafood now when I go out, but this night I splurged on Amici's Tomato and Red Wine Braised Beef.  Now, I must preface this by saying that this type of dish has traditionally been one of my favorite things to eat on this earth.   Whether it's Osso buco, or braised short rib, I love the way Italians slow cook their meat!  Campiello's may have the absolute most amazing thing in Minnesota with their Short Ribs but now you have to go to E-F-P to get it and I'm not down with that city.   If your like me and you like slow cooked deliciously flavorful italian meat, just go to Amici and get the Braised Beef.   It completely blew me away.   Was that a rant or what.  But seriously.   The Chef at Amici seriously knows how to treat a tomato with respect.   Everytime you get a dish at this restaurant that has tomato in it, you get knocked over by a flavor explosion.   The polenta that comes with this dish is the best polenta I've ever had.  I typically hate polenta.  I won't get a dish because it  has polenta.   My mind has changed.   Cooked  like this and mix it in with the  red wine au jus and take a bite of beef with it ...you find yourself in heaven.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,11/26/2010,63,127,4,4,3>Yes, I'm Asian. Yes, I was born in France. So heck yeah, you betcha sweet tush I grew up with my fair share of bahn mi!And actually, I'm enjoying some Bun Mi as we speak... Bun YUUUM! I've been to this place quiet a few times and finally have my order down - Combunation: the BBQ pork and grilled beef sandwich, add some pate with a soy milk; the fries and dipping sauce are just added bonuses of deliciousness. The sandwich always comes jam-packed with... stuff, but I always take out those little jalapeno suckers (there are usually two slices). The french bread - good! The cilantro - good! The carrots - good! The meat - great! The pate - AH-MAY-ZING. And that's what makes it quiet delicious and authentic. And when it comes to authenticity and comparisons, think of it as contemporary bahn mi. Sure, the meats can be a little different and sure, the decoration makes it seem franchised. But HELLO?! Don't discount them for trying to have a professional restaurant. I mean, come on, I'm pretty sure my homies in the homeland don't eat french fries! Oh, and go right when they open at eleven or after the lunch rush and you'll get your sandwich in five minutes.  Don't bother driving since parking is impossible. And when you try the dipping sauce, let me know if you can figure out what the ingredients are!...and done with the sandwich.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,11/25/2010,128,296,6,15,8>We have an oddly shaped living room.It is long and narrow with two entrances, an angle-facing fireplace and a large bay window all of which are features that have presented some challenges when it comes to furniture arrangement.  Additionally, there is only one wall where the couch might conceivably go and the other areas that are suitable for additional seating are awkwardly positioned in relationship to the sofa.We bought a couch and chair/ottoman set last year and have been struggling with the lack of adequate seating ever since.  There has only been seating enough for three people to comfortably sit in our living room so if we have people over we haul the dining room chairs into the living room.  So we knew we needed additional seating but weren't sure what would work best (One chair?  Two chairs?  A loveseat?).  We've been shopping around ever since but never found anything that was quite right and that didn't break the bank.Until we went to, Dock 86!  We found a set of matching chairs and as soon as we saw them we just knew they were exactly what we were looking for.  They complement our existing pieces and now there is additional, comfortable seating for two more people.  Once we got them home, we hopped online and looked up the manufacturer and style of the chair and discovered that the retail price of ONE chair was $800.  We got TWO chairs for 20% less than the retail price of one.  That smacks of a good deal to me!!!Not to mention that every single employee we worked with was helpful, friendly and delivered top-notch service.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,11/24/2010,57,121,3,3,3>What's another review of this place on top of the 40 that have gone before me.Well Nadine, below me, and I were in this party of 20+ at Lurcat.  I had made a reservation online with OpenTable for 6 (the max I could make at that timeslot on a friday night) but a simple call to Harvey, their very capable Maître d', and he was able to bump it up to 23.  As Nadine suggests, I had emailed and spoke with the general manager there a few times back and forth about reserving a private dining room (at the time our dinner plans were grandiose, and we were planning for some A/V and a possible catered menu, which they do allow for), but that was at a cost we were not prepared for.  Since this was a birthday party and a number of 20-somethings attending, we sat in the main dining area in a long table in a corner; private enough for our purposes, but close access to the kitchen and other patrons dining there that didn't mind our boisterous group.  Harvey called me before the meal to re-confirm everything was set.One more note on the service - excellent!  For the group of 20+ people, they had 2 servers (thank god) and they were even able to split the check!!  From what I heard, there were no issues anyone encountered.  See my previous post on Barrio mpls and you will share my excitement at this.Cheers to the food!  Delicious!  I don't know anyone that ordered something they didn't care for.  I had the pork tenderloins, split a salad, and rampaged the bread basket (Nadine, you picked the wrong side of the table).  The lamb at the top of the menu on the middle column - I can't recall the rest of the name - was popular with others around me.  Completely worth checking out.Make a res before you go, they get busy with people attending functions nearby (the Walker Art Center, Loring Park, downtown Minneapolis, etc).
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,11/23/2010,15,36,2,5,3>Andrea's is an experience.  For $7 you get more than just 2 slices of pizza and a soda.  You get to interact with Mr. Andrea.  This place is well worth the wait, but don't linger in the dining room or you'll get booted!  The place fills up quickly and they like to have a quick turnaround.  Try the gyro pizza, its fantastic!
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,11/22/2010,20,81,5,6,4>I want to give this place a kagillion stars.  I was a hater, I had doubts.  First off - Dinkytown doesn't seem the place to have awesome falafel.  I don't know my reasoning behind my statement, but it just seems out of place.  Plus, what kind of name is Wally's Falafel and Hummus?  I scoffed.  I was so very wrong.I had the falafel plate for the first time tonight.  The guys working were nice enough to me, I was sorta out of it in a daze of sleep deprivation and heat exhaustion, so I wasn't the most responsive but they tried to teach me words in foreign languages and asked me if I wanted white or wheat pitas (they have both now, past reviewer dude!) and hot sauce.  No complaints, pretty baller service.The hummus was tangy and delicious - lemon juice and garlic were very prominent - my favorite flavors in hummus to begin with.  The falafel were fried right when I got there, and were SO GOOD.  Crunchy on the outside, but soft and lovely on the inside.  There is a hot sauce that is actually fairly spicy!  The french fries are generic, but not at all soggy!!!  (Excitement!)  They are lovely vessels for the aformentioned hot sauce.I am literally eating the last of my plate as we speak - for less than 5 bucks, I got crazy amounts of good food, and fast.  I'm not even going to mess with the greek salad - all of the other food has monopolized my stomach.Less than 5 bucks before tax - insanity.  Cheap, delicious, close to both school and home - I'm a convert.  I have cast away my hesitations and replaced them with going up to my friends and attempting to "OMG FALAFEL" them into submission and then we all go to Wallys for some god damn falafel.Also, I got mine to go, and they very carefully package everything with aluminum foil to separate stuff so it doesn't get soggy.  It survived the tumultuous bike ride home without anything getting all mixed together.  WOOT!
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/21/2010,66,139,3,3,4>I can't believe I've lived in this neighborhood for five + years and have never been to Papa's until this summer.  I won't make excuses - I just hadn't really been looking for dinner west of Penn Ave.  Out of shame I'll eat my hat, but only if Papa's prepares it for me, because I'm pretty sure they could make even my wool newsboy cap taste delicious.Papa would merit four stars for the East Coast Tomato Pie, or for the New Jersey style Italian Hoagie, or really any of the pastas, but what puts him over the edge and into five star land is the community involvement.  Papa's has live music out on the patio throughout August.  The reason they don't offer delivery is to create a physical gathering space for the neighborhood.  They seem to be all about where they are, and encouraging the people who live here to come together.  And what a beautiful space to come together in.  Also it's a brief 8 block bike ride from my house, which doesn't hurt on a balmy summer evening when I have a hankering for gelatto.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,11/20/2010,42,81,,6,5>This place rocks!! The staff there is incredibly knowledgeable, the store is packed with cool stuff you'll never get anywhere else. Who thought you could buy everything you'd need to raise urban chickens too! I can get feed, plans for a chicken coop, lights and everything else. Also the staff knows everything about the products. Definitely check it out!!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,11/18/2010,24,111,6,4,3>After recently moving to the area, I shopped around for a new place to get the 'do cut and styled.  After getting trimmed like a Chia Pet by the many low cost barber options that abound, a friend recommended Details Style Lab.   You pay a bit more, but the result is worth it to me.  Leaving there I look ready for work.  Leaving the competitors, I felt like a kindergartner who just cut my own bangs.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,11/17/2010,69,69,,5,3>This review is for delivery only.I'm from NYC metro area (more particularly, the New Haven area). And I'm of Italian descent. I grew up in a culture where pizza is taken pretty seriously...and, frankly, most parts of the country I've lived in (the South, the West Coast) don't really compare to the pizza from home.That said, Pizza Luce is pretty damn good. I discovered it within one month of moving here (it took me about a year and a half in LA to find pizza this good and they didn't deliver...and in my 2+ years in New Orleans, I never found pizza this terrific).I'm not a huge fan of designer pizza so I can't review baked potato pizza and other such things (I find it a bit sacrilegious) but the traditional choices and the Ruby Rae (sauce on top) are quite good. And better yet, they have a strong selections of salads, sandwiches, pastas and sides. And they're pretty darn reasonable given the value.A very solid, very very solid - in fact, place for your local pizza delicious.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/10/2014,52,116,6,14,4>Holy freakin awesomeness!  I love Karl W.'s reviews because he's from Southie (like me) and I love how he rates his food. Once again, he was totally right.  We had the orange chicken (8 out of 10) moo shu pork (9 out of 10) and the salt and pepper squid (10 out of 10). *wink**wink* Karl. We also had the crab Rangoon. My husband described the meal as "titties."  Let's just say he liked it. My favorite was absolutely the salt and pepper squid. It comes fried with some spicy red and sweet green peppers. It was so good and packed just the right amount of heat. I loved it. The adorable and very friendly guy working told me that they actually had fresh lobster tails when I went to pick the food up and I deeply regret not asking when I called in my order. Next time!  There will be a next time...
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,7/9/2014,19,66,3,6,3>Moss Envy is a really nice place. It's one of those stores where if you need a really unique item for a housewarming or for a host, it'll have it.I've been a few times and every time I'm in, I end up getting something a little quirky that is wholly green. While I have to pay a little extra for the sustainable/green situation, the uniqueness and quality always make up for it.I love their wooden kitchen products. They just feel so solid and I still use the items I have from there!
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/8/2014,73,51,5,7,5>While I would expect that Minneapolis would have many great seafood places - despite being as far away from an ocean as a major city can possibly be - I haven't found many places that boast fresh seafood in the city. But on this occasion I was craving raw oysters and was also a little curious about this place since I have been told by numerous locals that this is a very popular place to hang out for people with pretty faces. So, it sounded like the place for me.Getting there is easy as there is a heated parking garage a half-block to the east at a cost of $9/day on the weekend. On this Saturday evening at 6pm the place was absolutely packed to the gills (pun intended). I was however disappointed when I was finally able to grab a seat at the bar to find out I had missed the $1 oyster happy hour, since the regular price is $2.75 - ouch! So instead of getting 3 or 4 dozen oysters as planned I opted for a half-dozen and the grilled ahi tuna. It was absolutely perfect. A 2-1/2" thick cut of perfectly prepared rare tuna. Fantastic and as fresh as any I have had anywhere else in the country.Great food, good beer selection, sports on the TV, dressy-casual, loud and energetic atmosphere, and oh yeah...lots of pretty faces.  Maybe I'm easily impressed, but I don't think that's the case with this location. I think this place is a winner that I'll be going back to over-and-over both winter and summer.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,7/7/2014,85,34,5,10,8>This is one of my very few 5 star reviews, and well deserving of it. I showed up at 2:15pm, just in time to get signed up for the 3pm tour. Scott was the tour guide and not only was he educational, he was also VERY humorous. I had a wonderful time here and I will most certainly be back. Keep in mind this is coming from someone who isn't considered much of a beer drinker. My personal taste is stuff that isn't hoppy and isn't bitter. I'm relatively new to beer and my personal preference is beer that is dark and flavorful. Surly Smoke is a new favorite of mine and I will most certainly try to stock up at home. I thought I would like Coffee Bender, but it is much too bitter for my taste. I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to experience a tour and I HIGHLY recommend you take a tour if you have the chance. Keep in mind you can enjoy a beer from the taproom during the tour.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,7/6/2014,144,197,9,11,6>This  location is not safe, not kidding. Please do not  go alone at night especially if you are a female. They usually have a police officer at the front door so you can feel  safe inside. This place somehow attracts a lot of interesting people, maybe because their happy hour drinks are cheap. Hmmm maybe that's why I like to come here:) They have wine, sake and beer on happy hour  around 4 bucks. So far I haven't seen happy hour on their food yet but maybe they will change that in the future...usually, I always order the same thing! I love their calamari and its crazy spicy sauce! I am Cambodian and we love hot and spicy food but their  calamari sauce is something that I can't explain. I have tried many times asking the server/chef what are the ingredients and they still  wouldn't tell me. It's ok I will figure it out someday:)  Their beef with potato chips are tasty! I love garlic and they put a lot in there. I haven't tried their other dishes yet but I will next time. Service was very nice, quick and friendly. Meter parking. Remember try not to park far away from the restaurant especially at night.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,7/5/2014,80,75,2,7,5>Top-notch customer service is part of their culture and is something you can expect always, regardless of who serves you. They welcome and greet you warmly as soon as you set foot in the restaurant. If it's lunch hour there is most likely a line. However, they don't make you decide hastily. The only thing is that you should know if you want fries because they are cooked to order (expect fresh fries!) and before you order your sandwich someone asks if you like fries. If they see you're undecided, they help you figure out what you like by offering small meat samples! Later, after serving all those in line, they may also bring half a sandwich of what you didn't end up ordering to your table so you know what you've missed and make a more informed choice next time! Also, giving vanilla shake samples is a routine!The condiment bar is generous and extensive. So, don't forget to visit the condiment bar and  give your sandwich a personalized kick! The sandwiches are not inexpensive. But they are big (4 oz of meat) and  delicious and most definitely are worth every penny. The most popular item on the menu is the roast beef. I have also tried the spicy Jamaican jerk beef which goes very well with provolone cheese (for 35 cents extra). The beef brisket sandwich is also very delicious and won't disappoint you, especially if you prefer well-done meats.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/4/2014,28,79,2,4,2>This Spyhouse location is the most relaxing and inviting space to enjoy a well designed cup of coffee. The space design is warm, rustic, and minimal while still offering an industrial urban type feel. The type of place that makes you want to get up just a bit earlier on the weekends and head out to enjoy the coffee and the peaceful atmosphere. Having worked as a barista for many years, I truly appreciate their knowledge and willingness to converse with customers as compared to a stuck-up-can't-you-see-I'm-working-you-know-­nothing-about-coffee attitude. The quality and value of this coffee shop cannot be overstated. The tiny state outline of Minnesota on the in house cups are also pretty cool!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/3/2014,68,117,8,8,5>Lets get this of the way, although I was raised here, I am more a southerner and lived in FL well over 15 years.  During those wonderful years I officially became a Krispy Kreme(KK) freak.  Yeah, yeah, I know KK failed miserably here(another story at another time).  I can't help MN is a health crazed state with a bunch health commies-anti-carbs lunatics.Bottom line, every once in a while, I craved a good honey-no-nonsense-glazed donut.  Yes, there are MANY donuts shop around.  Pretty much all have failed me miserably: the glaze sometimes are too sweet...the donuts are flat...the donuts are too thick...etc.  Until this past year, I was near despair and given up hope on my version of 'crystal meth' donut...Along came an Angel!  These guys are amazing!  Their donuts are huge yet light!  The glaze are near perfect that I constantly dream I can swim in it(yes, I will get burn by doing this).  If you are a true glaze donut fan, this is the place for you.  I don't care what you are doing right now.  Stop it.  Get in your car and go get a dozen of Honey Glazed donut from these guys!  After your smoke and cravings subside, you can thank the Asian that sent you an Angel...
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,7/2/2014,534,142,6,8,6>Red Dragon is a "wonderous" place. It is in a great location on Lyndale and makes for an eventful night out in Minneapolis away from the downtown glitz and glamour. If you like people watching, you must visit Red Dragon. This is THE place for such an activity. I've heard the food is great but I think it is Red Dragon's drinks that make people happy. The experience of drinking a crazy concoction of high alcohol content drinks in a massive glass makes for a great story the next morning. The hangovers are legendary, although I have not experienced one myself but have had the privilege of watching a couple of my friends experience stomach-churning hangovers at close quarters. Definitely deserves a visit for the drinks, eclectic crowd and the hangover.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/1/2014,20,170,4,8,5>I'm in no way a sushi aficionado. All I know is that I like it and I like to pretend that it is "good for me". My manager and I were wrapping up a meeting in downtown St. Paul and decided that yes, today was a sushi kind of day. It was cold, dreary and windy (as it almost always is in the winter) and the 3 block trek seemed to take an eternity. We were seated promptly and when the floor manager noticed us shivering because of the cold, she actually brought over a little space heater to keep under our table so we could be warm. That alone should warrant this place 5 stars. BUT! Even better, the sushi was excellent. Truly, excellent! Unfortunately, their menu is not listed online so I cannot tell you what we got - but I can tell you that it tasted fresh and well-prepared. We had several of the specialty rolls and also some of the nigiri. Everything was absolutely tasty and if you averted your eyes from the window, you could even imagine that you were on a warm coast somewhere... But alas. You are not. The service was great, very fast and thoughtful. All in all, I thought the entire experience was excellent. I would say that if you like places like Fuji-Ya and Crave then you will love this place. I personally would rather set my hair on fire than go to Crave (for several reasons that include: price and atmosphere) but their sushi is decent. Fuji-Ya is my go to sushi place for rolls that have a lot of "stuff" in them. This is probably not the place for the purists. But, if you like seeing ingredients ranging from mango to cream cheese in your rolls - then this is the place for you!
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,6/27/2011,271,845,,6,4>Gorkha is the latest Nepalese restaurant on the scene in the Twin Cities. It stands out for its momos and service, in particular.My friend and I came here and had a half order of veggie momos ($6 for 6 momos) as an appetizer. They were excellent: fresh; savory; and made with a wonderfully substantial dumpling covering made of rice. Gorkha got its start making momos so make sure to order some when you visit. Also, the side sauce they gave was also great; it tasted like a light and simple salsa.For our main course we had a aaloo katahar (jackfruit curry) ($11) and a chyau tarkari (mushroom and potato curry) ($11). I use the jackfruit dish to compare between the other Nepalese restaurants in the Twin Cities. Gorkha's execution was good, especially with the way they made the potatoes tender; that said, the jackfruit was a bit too acidic (I'm guessing it wasn't washed enough after sitting in a can). I think Cat Man Do (in St. Paul) has the best jackfruit dish in town, not only for taste, but also for value (it's the cheapest and has the largest portion size). That said, Cat Man Do has terrible service.The mushroom dish was very good though I wished they'd used a different variety of mushroom (perhaps oyster mushrooms?). In general, pretty much every Nepalese joint in the Twin Cities offers the same vegan dishes---some kind of garlic-ginger-tomato sauce with potatoes and one other ingredient. I'd like to see some new preparation styles and Gorkha would do well to branch out.It's great that they label all their vegan options. Kudos to them for that.We also had an order of puri ($2.50) which tasted fine, though I would have preferred tandoori roti instead (which Gorkha doesn't offer). Puri is deep-fried bread which is pretty heavy and not particularly healthy; roti is lighter and goes better with Nepalese curries, in my opinion.The service was extremely friendly and helpful. The owner stopped by to say hello and even gave us a discount for referring him to the Minnesota Public Radio discount program.I really like the ambiance, friendly service and excellent momos at Gorkha. They also have a happy hour special from 4-6 giving you discounts on their momos (and other appetizers) as well as their beer and wine. I'll be back for that!
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/26/2011,30,108,13,5,5>the most fun you'll have while exercising...errr drinking...err exercising!!Get a group together weather it's for a special occasion or just a way to kill a warm day.  I guarantee you'll have fun drinking and driving flinstone style!  IF you have a bad time (which you wont)  you're more than likely not humanPS    If you complain about the price  and can't afford it  you can alway sit at home with your netflix and drink box wine
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,6/25/2011,87,495,5,9,4>Its not a deli, its a Jewish deli.  That means you eat there and take some stuff home to the poor souls who couldn't come with you. Cant go wrong with this place: food that my people love, PICKLES, great service, deserts and Yiddish words. The menu has it all, gefilte fish, one pound knishes (great for sharing),  like 50 different sandwiches and dinners.  They also serve breakfast on Sat and Sundays.  Who doesn't love some white fish and bagels or challah french toast?I have tried numerous dishes there, never disappointed.  My favorite are their home style corned beef platter, white fish spread, chopped liver spread and old world beef strogannoff.  Please note that after eating here you will need to work out. They finally worked out their service, and I take my mom there every weekend that I am in town.  And she complains.  What else can she do, she is a Jewish mother!
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,6/24/2011,102,126,2,10,3>Aster is oh-so-charming. I love the glass canisters of house made infused liquors lining the bar, I love the exposed wood beams in the ceiling, I love the riverfront location on St. Anthony Main and last but not least.....I love the happy hour deals. I met up with a friend a couple weeks ago for happy hour and we were pleasantly surprised with the selection - $3 house wine (red & white), $5 flatbreads and other assorted nibbles & sips. The sopressata flatbread was surprisingly good with a bunch of dressed field greens on top to freshen it up. The regular menu looked great too and included $4.25 cheese plates with fun combinations like chevre, candied pecans & dried cherries or manchego, raisins and marcona almonds. Here's the only downside.....we arrived at 5:30pm and they had live music at 6pm. I was unaware, nor did I go there for the live music - but they were rather insistent on trying to charge us the $5 cover. I know $5 is cheap, but I was meeting up with someone whom I really wanted to chat/catch up with and would have actually preferred that they didn't have live music at all (it was pretty loud and made conversation sorta difficult). Plus we arrived 30 minutes prior to the start time so it seemed odd to have someone go around to all the tables to collect the cover. Anyway our server said that we didn't have to pay the cover as long as we left by 6:30pm. Kinda odd and their loss because we ended up feeling rushed and unwelcomed and would have purchased another round and possibly another appetizer. Oh well, Pracna got our service instead. I will return, but was somewhat annoyed by the cover charge incident.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,6/23/2011,84,289,1,7,4>Some how Heartland stayed under my radar for a while. It finally came to my attention, and then I finally got myself in there.It's been a few months, so I'm a little fuzzy on the exact dishes I had. Just as well, the menu is VERY seasonal, so you could eat there twice in the same week and not see the same dishes even offered. They had tasting menus, and an extensive menu of a la carte dishes as well. Pricey, but oh so tasty. Like the Corner Table in Minneapolis, Heartland is really about taking the freshest, local produce and turning it into a gourmet experience. And they wildly succeeded.I hear they're moving to Downtown St. Paul. That's too bad for me, it's further away, but certainly St. Paul's gain. If this place hasn't come to your attention yet, let this serve notice. This is one of our best restaurants.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,6/22/2011,151,116,3,4,4>Oh Lyle's... I don't even know what to say about you.  Seeing that from my front door to your front door is less than a 60 second walk we have gotten to know each other pretty well.  You have greasy, delicious fries and tots among many other cheap but tasty appetizers that any girl would devour at 2am after several stiff drinks.  You play your music waaaay too loud, are filled with an extremely eclectic assortment of people, don't allow dancing (no permit apparently), and  are seemingly unwelcoming.  However, I still love you.  I can't help it.  If you need some grease filled hangover food, Lyle's is your spot.  Free piles of chicken wings?  Yes please.  You like your 2-4-1's stiff as a rail?  Lyl'es does it up shamelessly.  The customer service blows every once and awhile but occasionally a waitress will bring you an extra cup of salsa or two when one is not enough for your huge pile of tortilla chips.  And that makes it all worthwhile.  If you haven't checked it, you best.  Warning though, if you leave nearby you may get addicted.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,6/21/2011,240,322,1,4,2>Good place for a lunch buffet. The quality of ingredients and cooking were impressive. The buffet is not extensive if you go by the number of dishes but nothing was greasy and drenched in spices; it was like home cooking. Ordered the veggie momos that turned out to be flavorful, especially with the dipping sauce. Also got a roti (made with wheat flour rather than white flour like the buffet naan is) and with the 'kwati' - mixed beans dal - it made for a very satisfying combination. I liked the decor of exposed bricks and rich red-gold wall color, and the friendly waitperson.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/20/2011,38,64,2,10,5>We couldn't have loved our experience more! Everything, from the food to service to ambience was fantastic.  This place totally flies under the radar, and deserves a good deal more press than it has received thus far!  Here are the details:Smaller restaurant but very well thought out.  Great artwork on the walls btw.  They do take reservations, which is awesome.  When you walk in, there isn't a hostess stand, so for a second you literally feel like you're standing in the middle of their dining room (which, essentially, you are) but a waiter came up quickly and seated us right away.  Our waitress was knowledgable about the menu, and also suggested that we could share the smaller plates if we wanted to.  What a wonderful suggestion, because it was a great way to be able to sample more of the menu.Wine list was ample, with a wide variety of prices.  They also had a beer selection.  The food though, was insanely good.  I mean really.  Some of the best I've had in the Twin Cities! When your waiter hands you the menu, you first see a list of different ingredients.  These are seasonal ingredients that have inspired the actual menu.  These ingredients ranged from oxtail, to blood orange, to red kuri squash.  We were a party of four, and we split five different small plates:1. Beet-cured salmon on buckwheat blinis with horseradish creme fraiche2. Pan-seared sea scallops with quinoa and rio star grapefruit3. Lentil stew with kale, root veggies, and housemade pork sausage4. Crispy oysters and glazed pork belly with sweet-n-sour cabbage and mustard5. Red kuri squash ravioli with broccolini, walnuts, and brown butterThe best part about these? Everything was a standout dish! I really loved the lentil stew and the red kuri squash.  My dad couldn't stop talking about the salmon, and my boyfriend said the oysters were some of the best he's had in the Twin Cities. Our entree selections were just as great.  I had the pan-seared chicken breast, with sunchoke gratin, braised endive, and a orange beurre blanc.  I think if they had brought me a bowl of the orange beurre blanc I could have drank it.  Seriously so good.  The sunchoke gratin had such a great flavor, definitely a step up from a traditional potato gratin! And the chicken? Yummmm.  I'm not much of a chicken skin person (judge me if you must) but this was so well seared and season that it took all my self-control not to peel it off and eat it right away!  My mom, who has a dairy intolerance, had the beef tenderloin with turnips and sweet potatoes.  They were very helpful with providing details on how things were prepared and what would be best for her to eat.  She loved her tenderloin and was also very happy that she wouldn't be paying for eating well with a stomachache later! Boyfriend had the sweetbreads, which he couldn't stop oohing and ahhing about.  Supposedly they were expertly prepared.  I wouldn't know, but as he enjoys his organ meats and I don't, we'll just say that if you like organ meats in general you will love the sweetbreads here.  Next up were desserts.  I find that in some smaller restaurants like this, they tend to just kind of give up on the desserts, which is always such a bummer for me.  Not here though.  God the desserts were good! We had a espresso semifreddo with a deconstructed toblerone sauce, a chestnut chocolate cake with chocolate mousse, sea salt, and port wine reduction, and bruleed blood oranges with a lavender honey yogurt on top of shortbread.  And there was even something for mom! Two different sorbets from Edina Creamery.  She opted for the coconut sorbet and I can safely say that it was some of the best sorbet I've ever had.  It was soft and creamy, with little pieces of coconut dispersed throughout.  All of the desserts were great, well thought out and not overly sweet.  The chocolate one was my favorite, go figure, with the warm chestnut chocolate cake, chocolate mousse on top that was sprinkled with sea salt.  Yummm.We were already saying at the end of the meal that we were excited to come back when spring started to see what they came up with for the next season!  If you like good, local food, go here.  This restaurant is doing something new and inspiring, and unlike other local restaurants, is doing it without the pomp!
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,6/19/2011,66,131,3,4,4>I am not embarrassed to admit that this has sort of become a home away from home most Wednesday nights and many Sundays too.  Our volleyball team goes there before or after our games every week and we always feel welcome, even though we're typically a large group that's displacing others on the patio and forcing them into other smaller spaces.  The waitresses are incredibly nice, and almost always really speedy.  They have a good veggie burger, they aren't shy when they pour a Jameson, and on a Sunday morning their cornbread hits the spot.  From what I hear I'm missing out on the wings and the roast beef, but a girl has to stick to her guns.  I don't call myself vegetarian for nothing.  I really love Mayslacks.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,6/18/2011,203,560,1,9,6>It's a happening.  Bring your grill, your cooler stocked with whatever you want, your lawn chairs, your boom boxes (so as to broadcast movie sound over the radio), your pets of any persuasion, your kids, your grandma and yourself.Take all of the aforementioned assemblage and place on, near, in or around your vehicle.  Come dusk, enjoy three, yes three movies.  If you can make it through all three, your night will end sometime early the next morning.Tip:  the place clears out after the second movie, creating a bit of drive-in gridlock.  If you must beat a hasty retreat, leave before the end of the second picture, and/or park near the front right of the lot as you face the screen.You will be pleased.
