<review# 1,isUSA=True>The food here is outstanding.  I am a big fan of trying food that I have never had.  Like my friend Jenn H, I am very adventurous when it comes to trying new things.  I noticed on the menu that they had fish  head soup made with three pounds of fish heads and it takes 30 minutes to prepare.  I had to pass on that one due to the size of the portion and I knew I could not eat it all.  Next I looked at the three cup rabbit, but they were out of the rabbit at this time.  So I took Aileen W 's  advice and had the three cup chicken.  Magnificent!  Thick savory broth, tasty chicken such flavor.  Total mouth-gasm!  Defiantly will be back to try their other offerings soon.  Anyone want to try the fish head soup--hit me up.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>My buddy is visiting from Boston and he wanted to see what the famous New Mexican Breakfast Burrito is all about so we did a test in a half-mile radius around my house and this is what we found (in order).1.  Tia Betty Blue's.  Clearly the favorite.  Fresh food and a generous amount of chile.2. Acapulco Taco and Burrito - Pretty damn good.  My friend loved it.3. Twister's (on Gibson) - Better than I thought it would be but they don't even grill their tortilla so it is sort of a mushy mess.  They do give you a lot of chile though.4.  Blakes (on San Mateo).  By far the worst burrito.  Tiny tiny tiny amount of chile and the hash browns they load it with are just plain ol' shady nasty.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>A Humble Haiku    by Glenn E.One cold brew toddy,One warm blueberry pie tart,One perfect work day.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>When you first drive up..you already love this place. Great parking, wonderful building that had been brought to life. Plenty of seating outside on the beautiful patio, tons of bar seating and indoor seats for everyone. Great for groups. They are keeping it classic with beers on draft from Blue Corn, Chama, Bosque Brewery, Turtle Mountain, Marble and La Cumbre Brewery.  Small brewery menu with bar bites. TV's all over to watch sports. Plenty of bike parking for you bike riders like me.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>It's hard to believe that, despite having driven by this place a million times (my parents live two minutes away), we've only been here once. We finally decided to stop in and, my goodness, we've been missing out! The food here is a bit on the pricey side, but if you stop in, you'll quickly understand why. This is serious cuisine. Fresh, delicious, creative, just perfect. We stopped in for lunch. I had the Ahi Tuna sandwich and the husband had the Crow burger; both were outstanding. If you aren't really feeling like dropping a bunch of cash on dining (the dinner menu gets pretty expensive), stop in for lunch instead. Their selection is great and the patio is very pretty. A great place to visit when you're in Corrales.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Wow oh wow. Who would have thought this place has such amazing food. A huge junk of fish on the fish sandwich, crab cakes were good and services were exceptional. Very attentive, polite, my drink was never once empty. I'm officially impressed with their food and service and the atmosphere. Some night complaint about the price, but it was not expensive at all. 2 people with appetizer, 2 entrees and a desert for less than 50 bucks with tips? What a steal.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>3.5 stars. I would have easily given this place a glowing 5 star review six months ago, but I fear they have gone slightly downhill.The French pastries are where this bistro shines. The croissants are (were?) absolutely amazing. The baker is French, and these croissants were the best that I have ever had in my life - no exaggeration. The almond croissant is my favorite, but my friends rave about the chocolate and chocolate-almond croissants, too. They have that perfect blend of flakiness and chewiness that is so difficult to achieve. I fell in love with La Quiche Parisienne at the Downtown Growers Market, where they have a stand selling baked goods on Saturday mornings. Go early, because they sell out of their popular items quickly. I have also been to their main location and have eaten an omelette there, which was pretty good but not spectacular. However, the last time I went to La Quiche on a Sunday morning, I was sadly not impressed. I had an almond croissant that was tough and crumbly, not soft and delicate like they used to be. My husband was similarly unimpressed with his fruit tart. Worst of all, when I asked if they had iced coffee, the barista said, "Of course!" but then proceeded to scoop some ice into a styrofoam cup of steaming hot coffee. The HORROR! Any iced coffee fan knows that this creates a watery, sour product. I wish that La Quiche would double-brew some high quality iced coffee to go with their pastries; if not, though, they should at least be honest with their customers that they do not brew iced coffee, but that they would be willing to put some ice in their hot coffee. My theory is that La Quiche baked a ton of goods for the Saturday farmers market and was selling slightly stale leftovers in their store on Sunday. They were probably tired from the busy day they had on Saturday, too. But I really hope that this is not a downward trend, because it was incredible when Albuquerque had the best croissants outside of France. I hope those days return.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I've been to this hotel now several times-- for weddings, events, dinner, tapas or just a good ol' martini upstairs at Ibiza. I'd have to say (primarily in the summer), it is one of my favorite places to have drinks and appetizers on the patio. The fire pit and rooftop view of the city are the perfect compliments to an evening out for happy hour with friends.My experiences have always been pleasant, as far as staff and service and we've never had much of a problem finding a place to sit. If you've never been here, you should definately check it out.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I have been in and out of this store over the past 6 months as a bride getting married in May. I can honestly say I have never been treated so well in a store. The employees really go out of their way to make you feel like you matter and are being listened to. I came in the store yesterday to have a consultation about my dress I ordered 6 months ago. In the past 6 months I've lost 30 pounds and was literally swimming in my size 16 dress. I was dreading this appointment because I was beyond worried that my dream dress was not going to be able to work. I had a breakdown at the sight of myself in my dress. The store manager Karen, pulled me aside and assured me that they would get the dress to work. Let me just say she went ABOVE & BEYOND what I thought was possible!!! If I could write thank you a million times in this review I would. I highly recommend this store for any bride looking for a great experience with their dress. 5+ stars!!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I consider myself quite the beer snob and have to say that this is by far the Best  beer in Albuquerque,  esp. Their milk stout! While I am not normally a fan of ciders or wheats, these guys are making me a fast fan.  The red is also phenomenal (explains why they couldn't keep it in Stock) and the atmosphere is great,  laid back and they always have a variety of food trucks on hand. Ive been there 4 times since they opened a couple weeks ago and my only complaint is the Parking is sparse, so get their early... and don't plan on leaving soon,  they have too much to offer to waste your taste buds anywhere else.
