<review# 1,isUSA=True>A+.Vegan chocolate, peanut butter, banana smoothie is a must.Tuna salad sandwich was delicious but I did add some dijon mustard to it making it even better.Friends goat cheese and ham sandwich was delicious as well. Service is the best with a bunch of super friendly people working the register and in the small kitchen.Lots of locally made supplies like chocolates, breads, and random gifts. Beer selection is pretty spot on.And seriously just order any crepe. The few tables to eat at outside are super cute and recently Ive enjoyed sitting at one on the curb with a smoothie and just enjoying that intersection. It's a gorgeous neighborhood to sit and relax in.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Since my initial review in '12, Tracy and I have become regulars at the Pickled Palate. Whether having a relaxing meal on a lazy afternoon, socializing at a wine tasting, or hosting group parties, the food, service, and atmosphere at the Pickled Palate has always been spot on. Debbie & Lisa are excellent hosts, their food never disappoints, and I always feel better having visited.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>This is a really cool place that I'll definitely be revisiting... and soon. A great atmosphere with a creative edge to it that really adds to the theme of the location. The bathrooms are giant oak distillery barrels! You have to love unique touches like that... they really bring out the "cool" in a place. I'll update this review more after my next visit... and after I've indulged in what they have to offer more. But for now, definitely recommend stopping in!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I've come here countless times and I'm always back for more! They use local and seasonal ingredients into their menu, and they have a variety of specials dependent upon what is available. The quality and consistency is always there, and is what keeps me coming back every time. If something is wrong the staff is always very helpful.  On a typical night I always like to see what's on the specials menu first, since those items are for a limited time. It will usually consist of a new appetizer, salad, and pizza. If I order from the original menu I usually go for the calabrese & arugula pizza. All of their wood fired pizzas are always cooked perfectly all the way through. The sauce to cheese, to topping ratio is spot on. If it sounds good on the menu, I say order it!One thing I do wish is that the restaurant was bigger. It's such a small space and gets packed quickly, so it makes it hard to accommodate large groups.Overall I love the cozy, artsy atmosphere and will continue to be a regular for a long time!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Our Mother's Day dinner here was delicious!  We had their seafood charcuterie, scallops, pattypan squash salad and pork ravioli to start.  All delicious, but I must say, the highlight of the entire meal was the deckle.  It literally crumbled at the touch of my knife and was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  It was accompanied by grilled cipollini onions and roasted carrots over a potato puree; all forming into an amazing dish that pleased my palate with every bite! Other dishes we had: grouper with sunchokes and tomatoes, and pork shoulder - All devine.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>I discovered Linh's Nail Salon by accident on one of my routine visits to Hair by Mere who is also has a studio at Sola Salon Studios. Prior to Linh I had been at the same nail salon for about 10 years, which is longer than I've lived in S.C. They are now my #2. Meredith my hair dresser swore by Linh's work and promised it was legit and held up well, which means a lot since her hands are in the shampoo bowl half of her day. I have a hard time getting my manicures to last because I too, work in a field which requires my hands to be wet most of the night, except for mine are saturated with liquor & brew-ha-ha!Linh's studio is quaint and cozy and lacks the usually buzz & chatter of the standard nail salon, it's not fancy by any means but relaxing it is and that's why I love it. I also love the fact that he uses a brand new file and buffer for each and every client for each and every visit. You even get your own disposable pedi-chair liner so that you don't have to wonder who's foot funk you're soaking in. Fear foot funk no more ladies & gents! The best part about my biweekly visit is my spa pedicure which is available in about a dozen different varieties, so far I've tried half of them and can't wait to come back and try the rest. I've gotta give Linh's Nail Salon give stars because anyone that can keep my hands in good shape for two weeks at a time is a miracle worker!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>This is the best kept non-secret in the greater Charleston area.  This is one of the most amazing parks I've ever been to, definitely my favorite park in Charleston.  The park is located off the beaten path right on the Cooper River banks with cool views of the river, the Don Holt bridge, and the dry docks where large ships are fixed/built.  There are always enough people around that if you want to say "Hi" to your neighbor, you can, but not so many people around that you can't avoid all human contact if that's your mood. For starters, it's on the old golf course for the closed down Naval base and has a really well done memorial/tribute to all those service men and women who served there.  You turn right at the water feature to get to it.  I missed it the first time I went, so be sure to check it out.  My uncle who was stationed here in the late 70's cried when he saw it.There's a great mix of boardwalk trails along the river bank, piers that stick out into the water (where you can fish/crab/shrimp from) and sidewalks that wind around the park.  The water feature is great for kids of all ages to splash around in, and the dog park has agility obstacles, fresh water, and lots of poop bags.  It's one of the cleanest dog parks ever, so it's sad how few dogs I see there.  My niece and nephews rank the playground highest amongst the Park Circle playgrounds, and if playgrounds aren't your kids' thing, there's a grass hill they can roll down.  Heck, why not do both?I love all the perfectly manicured gardens, variety of seats/swings taking advantage of all the different views, and the rotating sculpture installations the Arts Department manages.  If there were a concert at the stage, I would attend.  And lastly, there's tons of just open grass space for cartwheels, kiting, or burpees.  What more could you want from a park?  And if you're lucky, you'll catch a giant shipping container floating down the river as the sun set brings in a perfect breeze...
<review# 8,isUSA=True>On May 15, 2014 at approximately 1310 hours I, Dante G., responded to the Barbecue Joint located at 1083 East Montague Avenues, which is in the city of North Charleston, in reference to lunch. Upon arrival, I parked along the A-side of the building in available parking. I found this unusual. Normally, during lunch, there is little parking directly in front of the location. The overcast weather may have reduced the number of patrons. I entered through the front door. I immediately observed approximately nine patrons and several employees about the interior. There were three pairs of patrons and one trio. Sadly, I was alone.I approached the counter, which is approximately midways into the building. I placed my order with an unknown male white subject (no identification obtained). I ordered a pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and baked beans. I observed that the unsub male's definition of "serving size" differs significantly from mine. He may have given me the equivalent of a piglet. As I watched the unsub male, an unknown female white subject approached to accept my payment. She had cute glasses and an interesting jade bunny necklace.I gathered my food and moved to a seat at a picnic table centered left of the dining area (clean side of the inward opening doorway). I applied a mustard sauce from the available condiments found on the table. Also available are vinegar and tomato based sauces as well as pepper sauce. The meat was moist and tore apart easily. Excellent flavor which was complimented by the mustard sauce. The Mac and cheese was fresh and homemade. Sadly, I was unable to even attempt to eat the beans. From previous responses, I know they would have been tasty. I cleared with no consideration of a desert. Desert is available on site and can be found on a chalk board on the d-side interior wall. Location requires additional investigation. End of report.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Love, love this place!! I have been here for every meal, and have been completely pleased every time!1) outstanding service2) delicious food and drinks3) best omelette I've had in this area!4) pimento cheese to die for5) Bloody Mary and mimosas are delicious6) Sangria is spectacular!7) Laid back atmosphere--sit in or outConveniently located in Mt P on Coleman. Well worth the drive even if you live West Ashley like me!Great spot to grab drinks of have a yummy meal!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Ok this poor place doesnt get the credit it deserves. First off its in a HORRIBLE location so understandable why nobody has reviewed this place and this places isnt the nicest by any means but coming from CA..  the best places are holes in the walls. I had the Lo Mein combination. I liked the food the amount of food was great prices were nice and service was quick. Best place in the area better so far that I know of except Yummy Yummy off of Dorchester and Ashley Phosphate.  Anyways give them a shot dont judge the book by its cover.
