<review# 1,isUSA=True>Amazing!  This place is just amazing! ^_^Koko Head Cafe is a cute little brunch place with a twist!  I love unique, fusion dishes infused with local-favorite ingredients.  You'll never find any of these dishes anywhere else!  Kimchee bacon scones? Black sesame yuzu muffins?  Maple sriracha sausage?  Poi biscuit and gravy?  The combinations are GENIUS! And oh so tempting...Don't let the wait scare you away.  There's a reason why so many people want to eat here, and if you don't tough it out, then you'll never experience why! You can use the time spent waiting to decide what to get.  Because I am willing to bet that you will be needing a LOT of time just to figure out which dish to choose.  So difficult to choose just one!Fish and Eggs: sounds pretty common right? Nope nope nope!  Today's fish was Opah Belly, and it has to be one of the best cooked fish I have ever tasted.  It was incredibly tender, oh so soft (as soft as Gary's skin ^_~), and the miso flavoring was absolutely delicious!  This sat atop a bed of Ocean Rice (you just have to try it!) that was a bit koge on the bottom because of the skillet.  So perfect!  The soft scrambled eggs were somehow so flavorful, but did not take away from the fish.  It added a new dimension to the whole dish and added to its perfection.Breakfast Bruschetta: please please please at least try this once!!  What's so good about some fruit and yogurt on a piece of bread?  That's exactly what I thought when told to order it.  BUT MY GOODNESS.  I put it in my mouth and fireworks exploded!  It's so refreshing, and sweet, and creamy and nutty, and...ohh, I want some now. The Pancakes: these literally melt in your mouth.  Then, they make you melt inside.My experience at Koko Head Cafe was a very, very strong 5 stars.  Whoever marries/married Chef Wong is the luckiest person in the whole wide world!!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I liked this place more than I thought I would. Based off my initial impression, I thought this place was cramped and unorganized, but after spending some time here, I realized that's not what's going on; it's just a small space. After Christmas passed I felt my son had TOO many toys and he needed to get rid of the ones he doesn't remember even having, and he could get rid of some of his clothes, and I needed to part with all the maternity clothes I would never wear again. So here I cam. I had a shopper tote full of stuff and brought it in on a Thursday afternoon. Quick side note: Do NOT come here around lunch time. This shopping center host 2 restaurants and so you will most likely not find a parking space. Anyways, bring in the stuff, the ladies are BEYOND nice. Like, super friendly, helpful, excited you're in the store. That I Love. Nothing turns me off faster from an establishment than crap attitudes from employees. I look around the store and they have TONS of kids clothes, rows of clothes for women - some are not even maternity - LOTS of gently used gear like strollers, swings, bouncers, mats, pillows..etc, toys and books. I'll be honest, some of the prices on the swings and bouncers, I feel like you can buy brand new for the same amount, but I am not familiar with brands or anything, so maybe they are more expensive than were marked. After about 30 min they told me they were done with my bag. They didn't take everything I brought it and I wasn't expecting them to, but for what they did take, they offered me around $20. I felt like that was a lot for the nominal amount they took. I opted for a voucher because you get more if you get store credit, I bought my son this electronic alphabet thingymagig and it set me back $4. I looked online when I got home to see how much it is brand new and it was $50. SWEET! I recommend checking this place out if you like to bargain shop for your kid(s). I know I'll be bringing back more stuff to get rid of but I have to smuggle the toys out like a drug lord or else my son will lose his sh*t.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Wow the Chinese Food is Superb here.Honestly, Moon Garden rocked my socks off.  If there was such thing as a Chinese Foodgasm, I had it here. BOMB BOMB BOMB Chinese food! The FOOD:  We started our meal with Moon Garden's Famous Char Siu Style Ribs (must order ahead of your visit) and Fried Tofu.  The plate was massive, my mouth started watering and the ribs were so tender I could not stop myself.Then came Fish Soup that had very nice subtle flavors to settle some of that rich fatty ribs in your stomach.  Following the soup came Lobster on E-mein, Chicken, Egg Custard with preserved egg, Dungenous Crab with garlic, Vegetables, and the rest of the fish from the soup..I was overwhelmed with the amazing flavors of all the food at Moon Garden! Best Cantonese style chinese food in hawaii Hands DOWN!  The parking is tight, the restaurant could be cleaner and you must go with someone who knows the menu and speaks cantonese to order the off menu items ahead of time!BEST CHINESE FOOD ON OAHU!!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>OMG the portions of their food are huge!! The first time I ate there, I got the penne & ricotta - the container used is the size of a regular plate lunch plate without the dividers. I must have only eaten a fourth of it and decided I'd eat the rest for dinner with my BF that night. It doesn't come with meat,  and he needs meat, so I just fried up some spicy Portuguese sausage and threw it in ... perfection! It was still too much for the both of us.I've also gotten the "mini" salad which is far from mini - you get to choose two of the six or so choices they have that day and they load it on! Like so much, that it's kind of scary to open the container because the food might fall out! I've gotten the salad twice and both times got the curry chicken and pea salad ~ so tasty!! I saw someone getting a large sized salad and it seemed the employee was just scooping on every salad choice they had! I asked him how many choices the large came with and he said at least four...not sure if it's extra for more than four though.I've only seen two people working, and since it's fairly new - it is kind of busy at peak lunch hours, but they're pretty fast. The garlic bread is just OK - it's pretty thick and the flavor is not all over, so I only got it once.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I've gone to Not Just Desserts at the KCC farmers market at least 5 times now and each time I have NOT been disappointed with my selections.My boyfriend says that I only go to the farmers market to get her desserts and he's pretty right!  I told him that it was a necessity for the desserts and the produce that I pick up are bonuses.  HahaChef Kate's speciality is NO SUGAR and she also makes gluten free items.  SCORE for me!!!  She uses honey, fruit or agave as sweeteners.  She also makes her own taro flour for her chocolate cakes and chocolate bread (grain free, semi paleo friendly!), she makes her own chocolate since her family has a cacao farm and she doesn't use rice flour or soy.  OMG, I am in heaven!  If you can't tell by now, I'm paleo and don't eat certain things since it messes with my body big time.I overheard her speaking to another customer one day and she mentioned that she makes all these goodies bcs of her family and I just think it's wonderful that she makes these healthy treats!I'm so serious when I say that this is my go-to place for any kind of dessert or baked goods.Chef Kate changes things up at the market every week so I've had the pleasure of purchasing quite a bit of deliciousness from her over the last month.  She's even cut me off a couple of times.  HahaYesterday I picked up her grain, gluten and sugar free key lime bar and that thing was awesome!  I usually don't like bars bcs they can be dry, crumbly or just bla.  Hers was moist with enough tanginess from the limes and it was refreshing.  I couldn't stop eating it.  Then I got a strawberry boston cream slice or is it strawberry shortcake?  Whatever it was, it was beyond delicious!  My first instinct was to just buy the whole cake but I told myself that I would just get a slice to try it out bcs what if I don't like it?  So I should have listened to my instincts bcs that thing was that good!  I ate some yesterday and forced myself to save the rest for today.  Today rolls around and I ate it for breakfast.  Then I told my bf, "I'm going to order that strawberry cake for my birthday.  I'll let you have some too" hahaSome other favorites of mine: cherry chocolate cake or any of her chocolate cakes, pistachio cake, lilikoi cheesecake and her infamous truffle coconut flour brownies.  She has some gluten free muffins and sometimes she has scones.My bf eats wheat so he likes her cinnamon rolls.Chef Kate's desserts are not only good but even healthy since she uses quality, local and seasonal  ingredients.  Her pricing is so reasonable that it's truly unbelievable!  Her and her staff are always amazed at how much I buy and how fast I finish it all.  I've been tempted to go to her shop for my treats but have held back on it.  I like the variety at the market and the poor woman spends all night and day to make it.  It truly is a labor of love and I for one am very grateful for her genius!  Baking with non-traditional flour is super hard work, it's not only a science but an art form and she's a true artist!Check her out at the market or shop.  I should stop by the shop since I've seen pictures of her lobster salad and that looks amazing.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>You know it's going to be a good day when you're venturing to a new breakfast place with a Yelp friend after said Yelp friend (or should I say, Yelp Extraordinaire) writes a pretty darn alluring review. Then after reading from said Yelp friend that other Yelp friends (who are very credible and speak the truth on establishments) have gone here, too. Whew, as if that wasn't confusing enough... Thanks for still reading on if you've made it this far, ha!Anyways onto the review! With this place being just about 2 weeks old (it's still a baby! Awwww) this place does not fall short of expectations. Kim provided us with more information and it was awesome to see the excitement as she spoke of the place. They were looking to hopefully expand into serving drinks, holding events, and so forth. So let's see to it that this place is a hit! On a weekday it was calm, and not at all crazy like how I heard it gets on the weekend. Parking in Puck's Alley was a breeze and after mid-freaking out to Yelp Extraordinaire about finding the exact location of the place, I navigated myself successfully (with his help, of course).Sat down, and was kindly greeted by Kim. More nice people. I love nice people. They have an ever changing specials: scone of the day, muffin of the day, and I believe house made soda of the day. So be prepared to try something different! I opted for the Yuzu house made soda (refreshing and light and not super sweet), and a Nutella scone as a warm up! Per the Yelp Extraordinaire, I still need to go back to try their Almond scone that is served with Lilikoi Butter. I ordered the BLT which was an open baguette with fried pork on top of a spicy avocado spread, then topped with some alfalfa and tomatoes. Not to mention the side of fresh greens that made me feel fancy (with my pinkies out) and pickle. Their house made hot sauce added a nice touch to it as well... It seemed like everything here was made in house, even down to their pineapple chutney kind of spread. I can totally see myself ordering this BLT again. I'm still having daydreams about it. Of course, it was always nice to catch up with the Yelp Extraordinaire himself and learn a thing or two about a thing or two. Luckily, no coffee was consumed this time, or else I would have really been talking his ear off. Poor guy. So take it from me, these Yelpers are the real deal when they say this place is good. Because, this place is good! Will definitely be back here to try the Almond scone and to get my second wind of that BLT goodness!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>HOLY BEEF TONGUE HEAVEN!!!bit.ly/1tRd9sJI wanted to try out Yakiniku Kuhio after hearing about their generous servings of beef tongue. I was super excited to indulge on the thicker cuts of this delicacy, the paper-thin slices from its competitors seems so overpriced after a while. At YK, you're getting the ENTIRE BEEF TONGUE per order. bit.ly/1xmsv8T- Not sure if their menu is updated, because the price is listed as $39 - $49, depending on how large you want the tongue. - I was pleasantly surprised to find out that our generous portion of the "small tongue" only cost us $26!! Beef tongue is very high in fat content, so when cooked to the perfect doneness, you'll be rewarded with extremely tender and flavorful bites of beefy bliss. Trust.Check out the marbling on these babies!bit.ly/1l5XsZnWhen cooked perfectly, the texture is best described as being similar to a leaner pot roast. I've tricked plenty of friends into trying beef tongue, they all loved it (even though they had no idea that they were eating tongue.....lol, whoops!). Served alongside gireumjang (dipping sauce of sesame oil, salt & pepper). But we found it delicious with just a light sprinkling of salt and pepper. bit.ly/X1h0ZvWhat also separates YK from most other Korean bbq places, is that the meats are grilled on top of very hot lava rock grill plates. The meats cooks fast and even, the flavors are more clean-tasting too.bit.ly/1zkrKA0Their MEAT LOVERS COMBO is a great bargain. - All combos includes rice and banchan. - There's 5 items to choose from:  * Galbi* Meat Jun* Spicy Pork* Beef Bulgogi* BBQ Chicken  - Choose 3 items for $39: We went with the Spicy Pork, Meat Jun and Kalbi.   - Choose 4 items for $49.Although we ordered from the combo menu, I thought I'd include the ala carte prices for the items we ate anyways, to give my fellow Yeeps an idea of their menu prices.SPICY PORK (side order $13, set meal $15):bit.ly/1tRd08NLean (but very tender) pork, carrots and onions are stir-fried in a spicy gochujang-based sauce. We requested "extra spicy", it arrived only mildly spicy, but still very tasty. MEAT JUN (side order $12, set meal $14): bit.ly/1pl5CRSThin cuts of bbq beef coated in a thin egg batter and fried to a golden finish. It was a little greasy, but tasted ok.KALBI (side order $17, set meal $19): bit.ly/1xmsime I was hoping for the thicker kalbi, but I guess only the thinner LA cut kalbi is allowed for the Meat Lovers Combo. Flavorwise, it was okay, not as flavorful as the big boned kalbi that I'm used to. But for the 3 for $39 combo, I can't complain. Yakiniku Kuhio is located on the ground floor, right underneath Tapas Bar on Seaside Avenue, off Kuhio (the karaoke bar by Fusions nightclub). - Open daily from 4:30pm- 11pm, closed Weds. - Street parking is difficult. We parked in the metered lot behind Genius Lounge on Lewers and walked a couple blocks. - There's also Ala Wai street parking. Soju is a bit pricey at $10 a bottle, but who cares - they have WHOLE BEEF TONGUE!!!! I love this place =)
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Kailua has a great selection of restaurants and places to eat. But there isn't much selection of Vietnamese food though. Which is unfortunate since I rather stick to my neighborhood than go back into town for Vietnamese food. As of this writing of this review, there is probably only one or two other Vietnamese restaurants in Kailua.  The fortunate thing, for me anyway, is that Saigon Noodle House is close to home for me and the food is pretty good!I think I've tried most things on their menu. It's pretty standard Vietnamese food fare. From the pho to the bahn mi to the rice plates to the noodle dishes, it's all very good. The things I haven't tried are the desserts and the only reason being is that I am so full after eating the entree. There isn't much room for me to eat some tapioca thing. But yes, I agree with the other reviews, the portions are generous. As of late, other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, have been very stingy on their portions so it's good to actually go somewhere as generous as here and the price is right.I must say that I do like their broth in their pho. I get picky on the broth in pho. If the I don't care for the broth, I can't enjoy the pho, even if there is tons of meat. I have to say that their broth is a top 5 for me, which includes places in the Bay Area, and you know how crazy pho is there.My most recent visit, the school age daughters were running the front of house, serving water, taking orders, cleaning tables, taking payment. I really like the fact that it's family run and they know their regulars. Even though I'm not a regular, they were pretty friendly towards me. Maybe it was because I was eating lunch by myself, but never the less, the were friendly.It did take a while for them to take my order, but as soon as they took my order, the food quickly came out. So I'll forgive the fact that I had to wait a while before they took my order. It was nice to know that they weren't hovering over me while I ate. That's one of my pet peeves when I eat solo is that waiters tend to hover over me while I eat. I don't know if that is a tactic to get me to hurry up, but it's irritating. Oh, and no, it doesn't make me hurry up. I just don't like being watched while I eat, makes me feel like I'm at the zoo. If you're going to watch me eat, I should at least get paid for it! HahahaService and food wise, this place is great. The decor and the music though, are a bit dated. They could paint the wall something other than white. And the retro music, is exactly that, retro. But I know, putting more into the decor and upgrading the music system takes money. Which explains why the whole family helps out in the business. I do like how they have a steady stream of customers because I want them to survive in Kailua. Just so there isn't only one choice for Vietnamese food in Kailua.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Give me $10 on the North Shore, and instead of buying 7 cups of shave ice, I'll be hiding in this hole in the wall enjoy a vegan sandwich.This is my little secret up there, and if you go I hope you enjoy it. Because the food is healthy, the vibe is chill, and the prices are reasonable.This cafe is tucked inside a grocery store. It's called celestial natural foods. They have the menu of the cafe posted outside on the glass so you can see what you might order before heading in. For good reason too because the inside of the cafe is TINY.It's in the back of the store, and once inside they have a few tables and a bar you can sit at. I've had their burritos and a few of their sandwiches. All I have enjoyed. Their fakin bacon is delicious, their veggies well cooked, and everything is fresh and rejuvenating. Their falafel burger was okay, a little on the dry side but still tasty. Some dishes come with a side of steamed kale or tortilla chips. I prefer the kale.This is a great place for you vegetarians and vegans!! And organic/non-gmo/local produce conscious people. They also have fresh juices :-)Wait times can vary. If they're super busy it'll take them quite a while to make your order because everything is made on the order. So just be patient... Parking is in the back and easy to get.Enjoy my little secret guys. It's one of the best places up on the North Shore.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Had another eventful experience at a ramen restaurant, this being a second time my food had something unusual in it. Hopefully this isn't a new trend, but more on that to follow. First time visiting this place, the interior was laid out spaciously despite the overall small size of the restaurant and it is comfortable and clean on the inside.Ordered the Sio (extra pork) goma tan tan ramen. The price and portion size are comparable to other ramen restaurants. They also offer a selection of sides that you can add into your ramen. Their gyoza side dish was perfectly pan fried. The bowl of ramen had five pieces of perfectly fatty char siu pieces, a not-overwhelming amount of veggies (like some places throw in) and expertly cooked noodle. The broth is as flavorful and spiced to the right amount without being overpowering like my other ramen restaurant review.Halfway through my meal is where it gets eventful. I find a small caterpillar floating to the top of my soup which was instantly recognizable with the small black head and segmented worm body. I'm told it appears to be the kind that munch on leafy greens until they grow to adulthood. I pluck it out and we call the waiter over and he quickly apologizes and takes it to the kitchen. Later, he and the chef come out and apologize and immediately put my meal on the house and offer me a new bowl. I was impressed by their handling of it and no fuss was made. Still being hungry, I took them up on it and got a new bowl free of extra protein ingredients.All things considered, have to give them 4 stars how they handled the situation. Not every place would provide the same customer service. The only thing I didn't see was water refills being offered.Parking can be found in the small neighboring lot or in Ala Moana itself.
