<review# 1,isUSA=True>Want a bit of glam, a glimmer of glitter? Need to add sparkle your jewelry collection or find a perfect gift? See Jane Sparkle has Evanston's most unique selection of jewelry from designer Sarah Jane Abbott, whose aesthetic is Coco Chanel meets Duran Duran--punk rock pretty. Plus she stocks the store with local artists and vendors who make scarves, bags, headbands and more.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>QAR got my sorry looking 1998 Honda Accord looking close to brand new again!  They're magicians!  You need to go on their website to view "before" and "after" pictures....unbelievable!!The dirt on my cloth seats from children's shoes, food spills, and dog transport was cleaned without a trace.  The floors, floor mats, and trunk were all cleaned to brand new!  It was a thorough detailing, completed on time, and at a great price.NOTE: If you want to give a practical gift to your significant other, try a detailing at QAR.  This was the BEST Mother's Day present I ever received!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>What a lifesaver!  My daughter cracked the screen on her Kindle (2nd generation) and it was past the one year warranty.  When I called Amazon, they told me that they don't fix Kindles - I can send it for $20 off of a refurbished one which basically would cost me $100 to get a Kindle.When I went into Gadgetworks, they quoted me at the cost of the screen (which they would need to order) and the cost of hours worked on it.  It was cheaper for me to order a Kindle screen online through a third vendor ($15) and then, brought it in for them to fix which only took them an hour which cost me $25 for labor.  Total for $35, I had our Kindle back and working again!  Totally worth it and really appreciated the great customer service.  THANK YOU again!!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Best boutique in Evanston! Of course like any other woman, I love to shop the latest and greatest. I absolutely love cute little boutiques that I come across, and gigi bottega has definitely become top on my list!! The owner Gina is super friendly and always brings in the most adorable pieces. Everytime I come to this store I always get a warm welcome, and an excellent shopping experience. If there were more stars I would give them all! Well done gigi bottega!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Both my dogs Harlow and Forte love going to the Barking Lot. Actually, Harlow is a little Morkie and she doesn't like to hang with dogs unless her big brother Forte is around. Forte is a big yellow labs that is very sweet and social. He loves playing with the other dogs at the Barking Lot. They always take great care of both my pooches. The staff is super friendly and you can tell they love what they do. I highly recommend the Barking Lot!  Way to go team Barking Lot.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>As of the writing of this review, Patisserie Coralie is 3 days old and Cafe Mozart is now a minimum of -3 days old (gone!). Having spotted a french patisserie while driving back from lunch, this place caught my eye. I saw Macarons listed, but I didn't see any inside. I can't say I blame them, as it's a brand new establishment. The woman running the patisserie seemed to be completely overwhelmed and I wasn't sure if my wife should have tried to thank her in french and pay in euros or not, haha! Meanwhile, the food looks - and tastes, amazing.The desserts here are probably the best I have had in Evanston, hands down. I had an exotic egg, which was made with sprinkled vanilla bean on top to look like an egg with pepper, and it had a fruit/mango jelly inside, with some white chocolate. To comprise of the patty/biscuit underneath was a chocolate/coconut combination, not unlike an israeli macaroon. I guess I made up for macarons with macaroons on this dessert.We also got a dessert tart which looked like a wedding cake, made of hazelnut and a few other delicious items.  Both were noticeably well prepared, and staff was really friendly. I like what they've done with the place.Only after the fact did I find out that this restaurant is related to the creperie st germain (same owner, presumably). While the creperie may have been pretty good but not amazing, Patiesserie Coralie is definitely excellent and probably one of the best places to grab a dessert/pastry I have seen yet. Total win.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>This review is for the three day GROUPON Juice Cleanse. I saw the offer on Group for 97 (plus 8.50 tax) and decided to go for it. Prior to the actual cleanse, I looked on YELP for descriptions and other reviews- which definitely helped. My sister also signed up for a cleanse so we could reap the benefits of it, together.Ordering: ordering was simple- I called the Evanston location and informed them of my Groupon offer. I was told my order would come in 48 hours later and that they would call me. That Tuesday, Jamila (spelling) called back and told me that my juices would be ready for pick up! I picked up 3 bags with 6 juices each (18) and was ready to begin. The week prior, I was eating low carb/no carb options so going into it wasn't very difficult. Service: The employees at Peeled are so informative and friendly! Winter (who works at the Evanston location) and Jamila were both very open to answering my questions and making recommendations on actual smoothies. I will definitely return for the Smoothies. Juices:Green Lantern: the Green Juice tastes like celery/ginger soup with a hint of sweetness. I'm not a big fan of celery but after the second day- it was a lot easier to drink.Maroon 5: I am a huge fan of Borscht. This had a similar taste to Borscht but it did turn my pee pink (TMI) and was more gingery and kind of sweet. I would've preferred it without the ginger or the sweet. My sister actually liked this one cold. Haute Lemonade- Sister said it was horrible!Cashew Milk: It has a strange taste but it's yummy. Not quite as delicious as a milkshake (or rich) but has a hint of sweetness. Verdict:I wasn't hungry and I'm currently on Day 3 of the Cleanse. To be honest- I did eat a little bit of solid food (small portion of protein) during the day. Also, on the Day 2- I went and purchased an actual Smoothie from Peeled for dinner.Will I do this cleanse again? Probably not. I am sure the Juices are healthy and help detoxify my system- but I'll put my 100.00 on something else! However- I do recommend to try a cleanse if you never have before!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I cannot believe I never reviewd this guy.  This guy came on time, was friendly, wrote an amazingly detailed report, and explained everything to me in great detail.  He even told me to tall him if I have any questions/concerns about anything in the report.I had an issue where I had to back away from the first house my wife and I were looking at, and take a second house.  So he gave me a 'multiple home discount'!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Well, the word is out. Haewadall is consistently busy at night and it isn't uncommon to wait for a table.  The banchan has improved from my original visit along with their other menu items. The soondubu is still good and I love that the seafood is fresh and never, ever rubbery. This is pretty evident in their ohjinguh bokkum (spicy squid). Order it an tell me the squid isn't cooked perfectly, tender yet toothsome. The Daegu muhri jjim is another dish done really well. Read Hannah H's review about it. While those dishes are excellent, some of their other stews are average. The al chigae and daegu tang (roe stew/spicy cod stew) are not spicy enough and don't have much depth of flavor. Service is friendly but they are constantly running around to different tables so I've learned it's best to ring the table bell when you want their attention. Haewadall is the best option for homestyle Korean food in the area. I think the tables full of Koreans would agree.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I like Ravinia BBQ! They are a family business that has been in highland park for years and clearly there is a reason that they have been here so long "good food". I particularly like their BBQ chicken which is their unique style. Going along with the chicken is a great BBQ sauce. They also have a great slab of ribs that my kids love and I try to cop one or two if they are willing to share. They have a nice bar as well and it's a great place to watch a game and have a drink or meet some friends. It is a small place so if you go during the dinner rush be prepared to wait. Ravinia BBQ is a little place, a hole in the wall but it serves great food and for that I recommend it to anyone!
