<review# 1,isUSA=True>Great sunset over Clear lake.The place is small with only outside seating but the view is great.  The food is above average and they have a nice selection.Full bar and reasonable priced for a nice lakeside restaurant.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Our daughter attends school at Waldorf College and we've been to the restaurant three times in the past month when we've been in town to watch her play soccer.  For us, Shooterz the best place in town for good traditional American restaurant food.  The service has always been fantastic and the food has been good.  I've had the Philly cheese steak sandwich twice (chicken and beef) and the ribeye sandwich.  Everything has always been prepared to order and delicious.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Loving the fusion food here. Chicago and bigger cities have done something like this already and it's nice to see a place in Des Moines taking some risks. This place kind of has a hipster vibe, as do many fusion places which could either be really annoying or really cool. I have had most of the tacos,the Seitan Andouille fries, and the root beer float ice cream. The tacos are pretty tasty and I like how they use small corn tortillas. Although I like the bulgogi taco, I found there to be too much kimchi juice plus the sauce for the meat which makes that taco soggy. I think the tacos need to be served a little hotter and are usually room temperature. I really dig the sesame pork taco too. Also, this place serves some awesome vegan and vegetarian food! However, I won't be able to bring myself to eat the Banh Mi here because I have to admit, there are some fusion foods that will never taste as good as the original thing. The Seitan Andouille fries are delicious! They are topped with a fried egg, vegetarian meat, and pickled radishes. This place offers a lot of choices with fried eggs and as we know..everything tastes better with a fried egg on top.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Went to Namaste around 11:05 AM on Sunday and they weren't open yet.  I remembered reading about a new Indian place on Yelp.  After a little searching, I came across this listing.  I walked in, was promptly greeted and welcomed to sit anywhere.  The buffet, had an equal split of meat and non-meat entrees; approximately six of each.  One of the featured specialties was goat curry.  Another item on the buffet that isn't often feature was chicken biryani.  Unlike many Indian buffets I've been to, the food actually carried a good pack of flavor and was very well seasoned.  They also made naan in small batches--which kept it crispier.  I believe naan is prepared differently depending on the region in India where the cuisine is being prepared.  Other restaurants have served a softer, "poofier" [sic] form of naan.  Drinks were refilled promptly.  As a note, there were no appetizers on the buffet for those of you who enjoy pakora or samosas.  I'll check back later this week to see the spread offered during the week.  The restaurant had a bright and cheery atmosphere and was very clean.  The waitress told me they've only been open since the middle of June.  At 11:30, there was only one other table along with myself.  Spread the word--Des Moines badly needs good Indian cuisine.  If you haven't had the chance to try Indian food yet, this would be a good place to be introduced.  The large variety of dishes (there were some that were mild as well) will fit any palette.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Yes! A Farm to Table Restaurant Des Moines!The food is amazing and they have a Full bar! You need to support this movement of local food here in Iowa and a great place- The Historic East Village of Des Moines! Lovely place for a romantic date...They have a Saturday happy hour that I will be hitting up for sure! Delightful server- I was there to celebrate something and needed markers and paper- and she made it happen!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Had the flight to give them all a try but ended up unable to choose. Like them all but loved the Steam Engine and, okay, Burnout Brown. And absolutely loved the atmosphere!  Way to go Ankeny...it's about time we got in something original!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>It's what you'd expect from any Red Lobster, but at the top of its game.Service - our server was an older lady and she was super sweet, professional and delivered excellent, accurate service...  Everyone that worked there was friendly and and hospitable...Food - delicious and fresh.  YUM!  The fried green beans appetizer had a tempura batter that was light, crisp and flavorful!  Ambiance - very spacious and clean.Overall it was a great dining experience. :)
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This is my favorite place for Vietnamese noodle soup! Although this place may not look impressive, the noodle soup is absolutely amazing! Great value too. I usually order a medium #2 (pork and shrimp noodle soup, hu tieu). #2 Pork and Shrimp Noodle Soup (hu tieu)This is my favorite Vietnamese noodle soup here! It contains rice noodles, pork, shrimp, bean sprouts, and cabbage. The broth is very savory and garlicky, and a little sweet. It definitely satisfies my desire for umami. The broth is so amazing that I sometimes don't want to eat or drink things after to preserve the delicious savory taste in my mouth. The noodles are usually cooked well, although they occasionally stick together sometimes. The pork is amazingly tender, and not dry at all. The shrimp is cut so each shrimp is split in half and tastes great. The bean sprouts and cabbage are great additions and add more texture to form this unforgettable noodle soup. The size medium is usually perfect for me, and I usually don't eat much. My friend, who is Vietnamese and has eaten this in Vietnam, said it tastes exactly what she eats in Vietnam. #1 PhoThis noodle soup is also great, but I prefer the #2. However, this place has some of the best pho I have eaten. In my opinion, the pho here is better than Pho 888's, which was my previous favorite place for Vietnamese noodle soup before I tried this place. The broth here tastes better to me, while Pho 888's tastes too salty sometimes. #5 Vermicelli Noodle BowlThis tasted okay here, but I prefer Pho 888's. The meat didn't taste as savory, and seemed a bit dry compared to Pho 888's. Mango bubble teaThe bubble tea here is the smoothie kind. The mango bubble tea I was a bit too sweet for my taste. Overall, it was okay, but I would probably order a different flavor next time. Vietnamese Iced CoffeeThis was okay, but tasted too sweet for my taste. I prefer Pho 888's.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>When I sit and eat at this place it saddens me to think about the people who are eating at Perkins.This is everything you could want in a neighborhood restaurant. Why this place is not packed on Saturday and Sunday brunch beats the hell out of me. Oh probably because they don't offer a pig trough style buffet and all you can down weak beverages! What they DO have is a simple and delicious menu. It runs around $14 but you get two sides and a high quality product and execution! This is where you will find other service industry people eating their brunch. If they like it you know it's good.Do your self a favor and for one of your side get the bacon. I'm not sure what they are putting on it but the DEA needs to investigate cause I think it's crack! The wine cocktails are light and refreshing and a great escape from the "who has the best Bloody Mary" competition. Screw it who cares come here and order a Le Jardin Blackberry-Mint Spritzer!I have yet to eat dinner here, but it has the perfect ambiance for a great place for a date, or dinner with friends. Simple clean modern style tables, exposed Edison light bulbs and a beautiful mural. This will impress any date that you know about these awesome places in Des Moines. I do however have two complaints:1) remove the salt and peppers from the table they are just taking up space everything I've had here is perfectly seasoned.2) the coffee creamers were difficult to pour out off that is all.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>It is a buffet style restraunt. We actually went on a Sun afternoon. The restraunt on the inside is pretty classy. The neighborhood not so nice. Everyone was very friendly. The food was rediculously good! The chicken actually tastes like my husbands. But the greens deserve special mention. I have attempted to stop 3 other times which they have been closed. I guess the cater also. So my review is if you like soul food and you can ever find them open, it is a must stop!
