<review# 1,isUSA=True>That was fantastic! Service was soooo quick an hour for a screen replacement is fantastic! And they were so friendly!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Sweeto burrito does burritos different than other places. If you want your traditional Mexican fare there are places for that. However this place is for the unconventional burrito lover. Most of their burritos have a sauce which you wouldn't find in other burritos. There go-to is their sweeto sauce. Not sure what's in it, and I don't care. I will eat it till the day I die.The chicken burritos very tasty, the Carne Asada is very good, but if you're looking for something different try the cheeseburger burrito. If has french fries and is similar to a California burrito only this one has some pickles beef cheese and other things you find in a burger. It may not be for everyone, but you have to hand it to them for trying something new. Recently I went here with a family member and she got the Thai burrito as a bowl. It was very spicy and seemed to have a lot of flavor. Definitely had some kick to it.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Nothing beats the dream loungers! Putting your feet up and watching a movie is fantastic. Really it's the best of two worlds, the comfort of home and the picture and audio quality of a theater. All of the theaters have dream loungers, which is awesome! And just as an FYI the chairs are paired. Meaning that the arm rest  that is within the pair goes up, but the one on the side does not. Something to keep in mind when having date night ;) Also when getting refreshments I recommend checking out the combo deals as they are slightly discounted and keep in mind that if you have a Marcus Magic Reward card you get a free refill with the purchase of a large popcorn and drink. Also the Marcus theater app is pretty useful and convenient given that they can scan your phone for the magic rewards.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I usually go to Grazies several times a year. The food is always good and consistent. You usually don't have to wait to long to get a table which is a positive for me as I am not big on hanging out in a lobby for an hour. I'd recommend pasta or pizza. They have private rooms available for larger groups and don't charge any extra to use these rooms. I'd recommend you give them a try if you want to try a local restaurant instead of another franchise establishment.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Very attentive and friendly wait staff.   We tried the fish, flat bread pizza and chicken pot pie ~ all were tasty and served quickly.  My daughter has never met a vegetable that she liked but she was actually stealing peas off my plate as they were so good.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>I have made taking care of myself a priority with the superb support that I have received from the staff and fellow clients at Elements.  I'm truly spoiled with the CLEAN, spa-like atmosphere. Elements offers a nice variety of classes and special opportunities that challenge me to step out of my comfort zone, such as  personal training, boot camp sessions, yoga, and running club.  I have nothing but good things to say about my experiences at Elements.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>As someone who often goes on juice fasts and has a green smoothie every morning, this place is legit.  Great options and very reasonable prices. They have a rewards program as well, buy 9 get 1.  They have 5 high top tables and plenty of parking. So excited to have a juice bar in Fargo!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>As good as it gets! I saw Grayce and she is truly amazing! I had an awful waxing experience at another waxing spot in Fargo and this place put all worries at ease and did a wonderful job. No more trying to fit a wax in when in Minneapolis, Grayce at waxing the city is my new go to.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Absolutely love this place! Awesome atmosphere and delicious boba smoothie. I travel to Fargo for work and will definitely be back! Couches are super comfy and there are tables if you prefer. Staff is friendly and helpful!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Fun environment! Great and unique option to check out in the downtown area. Don't have food yet but plan on adding that. Good beer... reasonable pricing. Fun to be here on opening night ( the drekker mom team is adorable!!) Hope to see this thrive and grow! Flights are a great deal & liberal pouring (equals 2 pints).
