<review# 1,isUSA=True>I finally made it to Sabor and overall was pleased.  Having never been I wasn't sure what to get so I may have ordered the wrong thing, however, it was good.  I was debating between a 3 and 4 starts, however, based on the shredded chicken I am going with a 4.  I ordered the Taco Salad with extra pico and shredded chicken. It comes with rice on the bottom, lettuce, pico, cheese, sour cream and cilantro. They also include bean, refried or black, however, I chose to get the beans on the side. And, the refried beans, so fresh and smooth. I absolutely loved.  Overall I was satisfied with my choice, but after seeing the photos on Yelp and the others diners around me I am going to have to get back to try a taco and definitely an arepa.  Downfalls, there was a longer wait then I expected with only a few other diners at the same time and the chips were stale, and the seasoning just tasted bad, like they were day old or something. Definitely nothing to be excited about, although I did get them free for "checking in" on Yelp. I look forward to getting back again soon and will update my review on the other menu items.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>We came here for a little snack while waiting for our coffee on Friday. See my review for Not Just Coffee.We ordered the individual pulled pork explosion to split between the two of us. Took about 10 minutes to cook and came out right to our table with some slaw on top (just like a pulled pork sandwich).The pizza was amazing! Decent price and great location.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Can't believe I've never been to Snug Harbor until the other night...Upon walking in, I thought, what a small spot; however, I checked out the back patio & was pleasantly surprised. There of course is a nice patio out front, as well. My big brother & another MC were performing for the monthly Knocturnal series. The sound system is really nice & booming & there is enough room on the stage for a dj setup & performer(s).The bar seems pretty decent & had two bartenders serving. I didn't partake in any drinks, so I can't speak on the bar service. Parking may be an issue, as Snug Harbor shares real estate with other popular spots in Plaza Midwood.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Nothing else like it in Charlotte.  The best juices and living food within 100 miles.I was quite dismayed when I pulled up today and Luna's was no longer there.  Then I turned around and saw they just moved across the parking lot.  A much better location with more outdoor seating.  Still the same love being put in to all the juices and drinks.So many amazing options to choose from, but this time I just went with the chillied chai.  I should have gone for a berry smoothie, after I tried somebody else's, but no complaints on my end.  My chai was smooth and almond milk creamy.  Just the little kick I needed to continue my day.Not to much to tell ya on this one as I didn't get any food, but will be back soon!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>This is a great little spot for lunch.  It's small but they have a great menu, the portions are good and you can't beat the free ice cream.  I'm a fan of the ribs which are meaty, smokey and cooked to perfection.  On a recent visit we came in and placed our orders and got to the register and the owner was there.  She asked if we were ordering drinks and we said yes and she replied "It's hot outside, drinks are on me, ladies". Unexpected and absolutely what we needed since we had just left another establishment which provided the worst service and brought a smile to our faces.  It's little things like that which make you want to go back because it shows that they care about their customers.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Upping it a notch to FIVE STARS....Why? Well, we had a Charlotte Wine Appreciation group Meetup here this past Thursday night, and it was $5 wine night! ALL wines were $5. And they did NOT scimp out on the pours. They really did a GREAT job in handling the large crowd they had even though they were short staffed. So kudos to Nicole the bartender/waitress. I felt really bad for her at first, but she finally got a little help and the ship was righted......The ONE thing that Management MUST do is PROVIDE MORE FRIGGIN MENUS! How could a WINE BAR only have like THREE MENUS available for a large group? Come on people.....Print a dozen or so. Hell use a copying machine. We DO have the technology!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRR (Only criticism of the place for that evening.....not enough to remove the final star though...)Anyway, back at the ranch.....before the wine drinking festivities began, I was STAHHHAAAVIN so I got the menu from 131 Main (of which they are affiliated with, thankfully) and Nicole recommended the Prime Rib Sandwich. OH MY.....GOOD CALL! Very scrumptuous.....super tender. I didn't even need teeth to eat it! It practically melted in my mouth! THAT good. Came with Au Jus and fries, which were good but a TAD TOO thin....while I like shoestring fries, these were more like Dental Floss fries.....I even had trouble picking them up. BUT THEY WERE GOOD! So no real complaints there.....just whining. :-)Now that my belly was FULL, I started imbibing for the evening. They have a limited but well selected choice of wines, and I chose a variety of them for the evening. At $5 for generous pours, it was a great night!Finally, I met some awesome new friends here thanks to Yelp! Marco and Allyson met up with me and my friends, and we got to know one another while drinking delicious wine. What a great evening! Can't wait to do it again.Cu I will SEE YOU again soon! :-)
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Indian food is almost always expensive, so I won't even bother to complain about that.  But the food here is good and they accomodated a special request, so for that Copper gets high marks.  The SAMOSAs are as expected.  Potato and pea wrapped in a nice fried crunchy dough. The chutneys are tasty.  Nothing out of the ordinary or that you couldn't get anywhere else (or make at home).CHICKEN CHETTINADU is not for the faint of heart (or palette).  My colleague was warned that the base was spicy, but she scoffed and said she loved spicy food.  Fast forward 20 minutes and there was sweat dripping from her forehead and her eyes and nose were watering.  I tasted the gravy, and thought it was great, but I didn't try to eat a bowl full of it.  All entrees are served family style, with rice added to the table.  We also got a bit of naan free but ordered extra with the meal.  No salt or pepper on the table, but they're happy to bring it if you ask.The ZESTY VEGETABLE BHAJI side was interesting.  Long julienned pieces of mixed vegetables, including beets, all mixed with a dry spice rub.  The traditional vegetarian menu offers PANEER MAKHAWALA, which is a red gravy similar to tikka masala or butter gravy.  Very rich and flavorful but not too spicy. I asked to substitue cauliflower / gobi for the paneer, and the chef nicely complied.  Overall this was a very tasty and well balanced dish.  The service was great, and the interior of the restaurant (located in a very old rehabbed house) is unique.  For people looking for more Indian options, try the University area.  It's full of great Indian hole-in-the-walls.  My personal faves: Persis (everything is good, but the Gobi 65 is amazing), Tulips (varied weekend buffet and good a la carte ordering) and Passage to India (great gobi manchurian and weekend/lunch buffet).
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Randy's is an absolute must for true Carolina BBQ. In this little town of Troutman were restaurants come and go as fast as the seasons it's wonderful to see one stick around, especially one this good.Forget all the BBQ standards out there. Sure, hushpuppies are good. Slaw is good (to some of you, but not to me). And fries are a staple. Yeah yeah, Randy's has all of that if you're hooked on boring. However, they've also gone the extra mile (many more than one) to really beef up the menu from something as simple as that. For sides they've got a seemingly endless selection beyond fries. Tater tots, onion rings, home made chips, pork rinds, and more. And with the BBQ, again you can always go basic. Or, you can get a big BBQ sandwich on a sesame seed bun with the red slaw (vinegar, not mayo based - me likey!) and a side of chili-cheese tater tots. They've also got Nathan's brand hot dogs which can also be ordered fully loaded at standard size and foot-long. And if you're on more of a health kick, they do have BBQ salads.The staff is friendly as can be, laying on that southern charm as thick as their drawl. It's also not uncommon to see the owner walking around to say hello and catch up with the regulars and newbies alike. He's even known to pass out free pork rinds on occasion. Prices are completely reasonable too. The only small issue I take is with the fact they only let you pay with cash or check. I'm not sure their reasoning behind this, though I'm sure I can guess it has to do with fees levied by the banks and credit card companies. Still, that doesn't keep me from coming in here when I do have cash on hand. If not for the cash requirement, you can bet I'd be here at least once a week.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>You know that yelp is a useful website, when it makes you aware of a place that just opened down the street before you even realize it. I will say that the Daily Press is subtly marketing itself and you could easily walk by the Evening Muse without even noticing it.That being said, the wife and I have been there a handful of times now to try an array of coffee drinks that have been creatively thought out and crafted. From cold brew coffee to a "butterbeer" latte, to exotic beans used for pour over coffees, we have tried a good variety of drinks. It's basically open during the day when the Evening Muse is on downtime. They also have a produce framers market on Saturday morning that we will have to check out sometime. The drinks are all expertly crafted, which means other than the cold brew, most drinks take some time to make. Especially if they are busy, be prepared to wait a little for your drink. With the relaxed environment and the location, which allows you to observe the corner of 36th street and North Davidson street, there should be no rush. Enjoy your time there and chill out. We can all stand to stop and smell the roses, and the coffee of course.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Go for the drinking atmosphere, not the food!Great neighborhood drinking spot. Big porch with many TV's and corn hole.  I don't think I've been inside with the exception of using the restroom.Wednesday night Trivia at 8 pm is always a good time. Great beer specials (all draughts $3) and burgers are half priced, though, I don't think they are that great.Parking is usually a pain, but you can get away with parking across the street.Again, this is a fun place to grab a drink with friends, but I wouldn't expect a delicious meal.
