<review# 1,isUSA=True>On an evening where my girlfriend and I were heading to an event in the Edgewood area. We stumbled open on this gem. Back in the day this located had a different name and had a terrible parking situation. It was to the point that it was uncomfortable to go there because you didn't know what type of environment was outside by your car. Well here at BQE you definitely do not have to worry about that because they have parking lot off to the side of the restaurant. Ok now on the experience. We walked in to be greeted by an incredible staff that was quite friendly. The had a house DJ mixing urban contemporary along with several different drink specials and if you are into hookah they have that also. Now on to the food, I was amazed by the menu. They had several different items that stood out and I chose to roll with the red velvet waffle and fried chicken and my girlfriend chose the shrimp and grits. BOTH OF US HIT A HOMERUN WITH OUR SELECTIONS. The waffles had a cream cheese drizzle and a strawberry syrup that was AMAZING. My girl's Shrimp and Grits were delicious as they added the perfect amount of spice and cheese to that great Gravy they put over the Shrimp. We ordered a side of Mac and Cheese to share and taste and it was good also. I was extremely happy with my service and food here at BQE. I will definitely be back to try some of the other items on their menu.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I had the boxed lunch, with curried chicken salad sandwich, and chips, a cookie, and grapes.  My focus is on the curried chicken salad, its really good.  Problem with chicken salad is finding the balance between savory and sweet.  It swings either too savory or overly sweet.  The curry chicken was light not overpowering which happens often when using curry. The grapes balance it out.  I read the menu saying it contains pecans, but I didn't taste any.  Good I didn't because I'm allergic to pecans.  Nothing else stood out besides the chicken salad but the deserts look tasty.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I pass by Al-Amin at least once a week, as I go to farmer's market and white windmill every week. At first I only noticed their grocery market and in fact I went there to buy some goat meat, which I will say quite fresh and tender and reasonably priced. Only upon entering the supermarket I have realized, attached to it is their restaurant as well. And i'm so glad I did. Al-Amin is a Bengali/Bangladeshi restaurant that serves mix of Bengali(cuisine from the western state of India called West Bengal) and Bangladeshi food. The owners of this restaurant are Bangladeshis, so you can count on authentic, homestyle food from this place. Buford highway has two other Bangladeshi eateries - Panahar and Bismillah cafe. Al-Amin is not a full service restaurant as Panahar nor just a take-out place like Bismillah cafe. Instead they have opted for simple, order-eat-go style. So you pick your food from the menu(or appetizers inside glass display), pay for it and eat or take it to-go. They have about 4 tables with 4 chairs each and two bar tables with two chairs each for eating at the restaurant.So few of our friends decided to check the restaurant other day and ordered these items.1) Samosas - both vegetable & chicken2) Chotpoti - Popular roadside Bengali dish made mainly of chickpeas, potato and tamarind tangy-sweet sauce.3) Beef boti Kabob4) Biriyanis(chicken & Goat)5) Curries - both Egg, chicken and beef curry.6) Chana Masala - dish made of chickpeas, usually eaten along with naan/bread or rice. 7) Muglai Paratha - this dish that reminds me of 'Roti telur' in Malaysian restaurants, except here it is a deep-fried bread stuffed with scrambled eggs, onions and spiced mildly.We liked both chicken and vegetable Samosas but we preferred vegetable samosa's better. Also it would be a sin to go this eatery and not try chotpoti - a Potato, chickpeas and sweet-tangy tamarind sauce delicious goodness. Both chicken and goat biriyani were tasty with enough pieces of meats and not greasy at all.Egg, chicken and beef curries were made in proper curry style, not in some sweet & greasy sauce that some non-authentic Indian restaurant makes these days. And all these curries are just below $6. That, I would say, a great deal.Now for things we didn't like - The beef boti kabob we got was completely dry and some pieces were burnt so much that it was bitter. Also I found chana masala to be very bland and not so flavorful. I should mention the service at Al-Amin. For a restaurant of this style, the lady at the counter was very polite, prompt, very helpful and best of all, always smiling. When we queried about the menu, she suggested some of their must-try. In my opinion, this is what makes a restaurant experience from ordinary to extra-ordinary. I was only going to give them four-stars but they deserve an extra star for their customer service.Al-Amin is yet another one in growing list of little gems in Buford Highway.Five stars.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>When you have juicy burger on the brain, you should just come here! This is definitely one my list of top burger joints.  What I really love is that for sure, I can get my burger exactly the way I want it.  The beef is 100% grass fed, but they specialize in other burgers too...bison, turkey, veggie, chicken...even a gluten-free vegan burger if that's what your in to.  So step up to the register, pick your burger style, then choose your bun.  Then pick through a plethora of toppings and sauces.  My only gripe is that your burger can quickly become ultra expensive with just a few toppings and sheesh, paying $1 for a few jalapeño slices...I can buy a whole jalapeño for 11 cents in the grocery store...cha-ching, cha-ching.  Ketchup, mustard, and mayo are free and all the other sauces (there's about 20 to choose from) are 50 cents. My order...beef burger med-rare (heck yeah! Medium rare!), white bun, cheddar, bacon, jalapeños, and Mississippi Mop BBQ!  When you check in, you get a free side--unfortunately my cashier forgot to use mine after we talked about it, so make sure you remind them when you are paying.  Sweet potato fries are incredible and how cute that they are served in this little silver fry basket. Grab your Coke or Margarita and go sit outside on the bar overlooking Highland Ave--great for people watching and best place to be if you are by yourself.  The whole staff was sooooo nice! I felt very appreciated to be there and they seem to love their job.  They seem to share my excitement in it being my first time at YEAH!  Next time, I have to try this Fig & Goat Cheese Burger...arugala, fig jam, caramelized onions, and goat cheese...That sounds like a party in my mouth!  So yeah, I am now a new mega fan of YEAH! and scored my YEAH! points card to prove it.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>It's been almost four years since I wrote my Yelp review of Bone's. After a recent dinner there to celebrate a friend's birthday, I'm happy to say Bone's remains one of Atlanta's top dining destinations.Not much has changed since 2010, except prices have inched upward in the intervening years. They still mix a great martini at the bar, but if you want vermouth you have to ask for it. Strange for an old-school establishment, but I assume they're catering to their regular clientele. At least now I know to be more specific with my cocktail order.As for the food, it's still excellent, and they can accommodate gluten free diners. Be sure to let your server know if you have food allergies. They'll have to make a few adjustments if you order one of their signature steaks, as "the paint" used to baste the meat contains gluten. I opted for the lamb chops, and they were just as delicious without it. (And at 22 oz., I got three meals out of them.) Added bonus -- the hash browns, creamed spinach, and mushrooms are all gluten free. So is the Bone's salad!But the reason I so love Bone's - the flawless service - remains the cornerstone of this fine restaurant. Whether my next visit is tomorrow or another four years from now, I'll know what to expect. It's simply the best steakhouse we have in our little town.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Poor Calvin?!? There's nothing poor about him at all! He is such a gracious and humble host, as well as a talented and creative cook. I love how he uses normal ingredients, extracts their flavors and complement them with other ingredients. The lovely, artistic presentation is an added bonus. I want to give this a 4.5 star rating just so I can find an excuse to come back to give it a 5 star next time.We started with the duck foie gras, toasted bread, and red wine lavender jelly. The jelly was a pleasing, slightly sweet addition to the appetizer. Talk about a smorgasbord of flavors and consistency!We also got the steamed mussels in creamy lemongrass broth, with toasted bread. That broth is for soaking and slurping! We didn't even wait to ask for spoons, we used the mussel shells to scoop up that delicious sweet and sour broth! Yummm!Entree 1: Grilled lamb rack with kale mashed potatoes, asparagus, Thai curry. One of the most tender, flavorful lamb I have ever eaten. I would have been happy to not share!Entree 2: Red grouper thai curry with seasonal vegetables, jasmine rice. The grouper was lightly fried and topped the curry. Curry was light and did not make the fish soggy. The group gobbled that fish so quickly, it didn't even get a chance to soak up the curry.Entree 3: Lobster fried rice. I'm not a big fan of lobster and the fried rice was a bit salty for my taste. Other than this, Chef Calvin can do no wrong!Entree 4: Chef's special- Trout stuffed with crab cakes and topped with lobster. Lobster was succulent, tender, and flavorful. This dish earned my respect and trust of the chef. I cannot wait to come back with a group for the omakase dinner! As an added bonus, the bartender happened to walk by as I said I did not want an overly sweet drink with powdered flavors. He advised me to give him a chance to make a mango, passion fruit punch. I am glad to accept his invitation. The drink is light, refreshing, nonalcoholic (as requested), and not too sweet! I look forward to coming back and asking what else he would be willing to conjure!**UPDATE: If I can give this place 6 stars, I would! I've been back a couple of times for lunch, each time recruiting more coworkers to try and love the food. The most recent experience is the Omakase experience and it was worth every penny! I will definitely be back. Review on the omakase dinner to come....!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>When the Cookie Studio moved out, I was downtrodden.  They had my fave cookies, cupcakes, and brownies, and if they moved to stupid Buckhead then I'd never see them again.  I was real mad, and I knew whoever moved in would have big shoes to fill.  Imagine my utter delight when I found out La Calavera would be moving in!  HOLYYYYYY ESSSSS!!!  I'd visited them many times at the weekly markets around town, but having them within walking distance of my work?  LUCKIEST GIRL ALIVE RIGHT HERE!I have been by probably 5 times since they opened on 3/1.  I have come by twice in one day, in fact!  I've had a loaf of sourdough (which they gladly sliced for me!) that was life-changing, half a dozen mini chocolate babkas, two chocolate cream horns, and two olive dinner rolls with a fancy name that I can't remember right now.  Every single thing is amazing.  Seriously.  Like, YDFM has some aiiiight bread.  I eat it on the reg, and I love it!  But LC's bread is on a whole 'nother level, y'all.  Eating their bread is like bread nirvana!The chocolate babkas are dense and chewy but soft and chocolatey and cinnamony and addictive.  The sourdough is actually sour and makes great toast and perfect grilled cheese. The chocolate cream horns are my new favorite dessert, even more than cookies or brownies.  The croissants are all flaky bits of heaven.  Even, I assume, the (blech) mushroom ones.  The dinner rolls I had tonight were the highlight of my dinner.  In fact I had one with dinner and skipped ice cream and had another roll for dessert, which is UNHEARD OF.If you're going to the farmers market and normally get bread there, skip the hell out of it.  Come to La Calavera instead.  You'll be so glad you did.  Until your pants don't fit and you switch to skirts.  Then everything is golden.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Met a couple of friends here for cocktails on a Friday evening.  We like to sit at the bar and upon walking in I spotted three seats on the curve of the bar and thought score!  Then was told that you have to reserve seats at the bar.  Okay, not a problem as I was still waiting for my other two cohorts.We sat on the patio which is very cool in itself as far as being in an alley way - felt a bit European to me.  We all ordered the Dr. Cocktail, a rum based drink, and it was an excellent choice.  About half way through our second cocktail we were told three seats were available at the bar so we moved inside.  Basically, we wanted to get the feel of the vibe on this touted cool new spot.  Pretty cool sleek yet retro atmosphere.The service was a bit spotty on the patio but not at the bar.  I look forward to coming back to this gem!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I went here around 6:30 on a recent Friday night after hearing about this place forever. It wasn't packed at all. I ended up getting the Biscuit and Three, which allowed me to pick three different sides. I selected the braised kale, pimento mac and cheese, and garlic smashed potatoes. (Yes, smashed. Not mashed.) Our food came out QUICK. Like, in less than 10 minutes. Everything was really damn good, and even though my portions looked small it filled me up. Our waiter was really polite.I would definitely come here again.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>A decent neighborhood go-to, particularly if walkable. If not, they have ample parking. Cool chill ambiance; I'd say it's "elegant hipster", if that is actually something.  The food is good, and while not cheap, it's not expensive either. Here are a few recommended items:Shoyu Tomago (a high quality soy-marinated soft boiled egg, served broken over a rice cake that is both crispy and soft). This dish is so popular they recently raised the price from steal ($3) to fair ($4). Kale salad. I'm not a huge kale fan, but this one, with its toasted coconut is refreshingly good. I've ordered it several times. For both the Shrimp Shumai, and Gyoza (pan fried or steamed pork dumplings), when dipped into the accompanying sauce, the flavors build and progress throughout finishing the dish. Crab noodle. It has very good flavor, even with what I'd call a serious lack of actual crab in the dish. Perhaps ask if they can add crab for a few extra bucks. The steamed buns (all of them, but particularly the crispy duck skin) are a good $4 bite. The cocktails and beer, while good or better, are too expensive in my opinion. They'd do better mixing in a few cheaper options for both. This would help them drive more volume, get more people in the door, and keep better staff from leaving. The food is a 4-4.5; The service can at times be a 3-3.5.  I like that the kitchen on weeknights stays open a little later than many Inman park restaurants (10:30 food / 11:30 drinks). Overall -- worth trying out.
