<review# 1,isUSA=True>I mean, c'mon. This place is ridiculous. In a good way, of course. Everything I've ever eaten here has blown taste buds off my tongue it was soooo good. Seriously (or maybe not), my taste buds removed themselves, walked off my tongue and onto the fork - stared at me and said "I can now die happy and therefore I shall" (to be read in an English accent, of course). Some of their stuff is a little more "heavy" than I typically like, but it doesn't mean it isn't delicious. Recently, I went purposely avoiding the heavy stuff and it was a huge success. I ended up ordering the mussels, the beet salad and the grilled kale salad. Folks, this is stuff that makes life worth living. Delicious, fresh and healthy food? Sign me up. Also, they have hot toddy's on their menu right now, the perfect wintery cocktail to top off a great meal. Treat yo'self already!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>First of all, I want to address the reviews saying "dogs off their leash ruin the whole greenbelt experience". PLEASE!! It's a hiking trail and swimming hole for crying out loud!! NOT some 5 star restaurant. Get over yourself and realize it's about being outside and I for one love seeing the happy dogs enjoying themselves.Maybe we should take their example and enjoy the whole reason that people go out there in the first place. The beauty and nature. This place is so peaceful and just perfect for a hot summers day. Also good to bring out of towners too they always love this Austin gem:)
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Oh, dang. Another fabric shop in Austin intent on making me spend all my hard earned (new word: harned) cash on the most gorgeous, adorable, and unique fabrics. From Echino to cotton prints to knits, I'm in big trouble. Walking through the front door, the build out immediately causes one to forget that you're in, frankly,a sad little strip under 183. Gorgeous wood, steel, and FABRIC sent me into quilters heaven. The very lovely sales girl offered me tea or water upon my arrival and then I dove in. I'm looking forward to seeing the new inventory as it comes in and if I may suggest keeping a Bota box on hand? After a glass of wine, the average customer spends 30% more. Ok, I made that up. That might just be me.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Tacos!  Tacos served Gagnam style!  At least I think they are Korean fusion tacos.  They are yummy and reasonably priced.  The portions are very manageable.  I've had the Beef Bulgogi tacos which were moist and full of flavor.  The spicy pork tacos which were spicy but not overly so.  The Chicken I found less remarkable and the Greek...well I don't think Gyros make for good fusion ingredients.  The spicy eggplant was tasty as well if your into vegetarian options.  The Banh Mi is ok but I have had better Banh Mi in ATX.  One of my favorites are their spicy fries.  They are spicy, crisp on the outside, and soft on the inside.  Just the way a fried potato ought to be.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any more creative they added an option for fries drowned in Kimchi and Bulgogi.  There's an original and nasty (in a good way) combination!  They serve breakfast as well but I haven't tried it so I can't report on the breakfast tacos.The place itself is tiny inside a tiny nondescript strip center.  Limited seating but I've never had to wait for a table.  Don't come looking for ambiance.  This is one of those get your grub, shut up, and eat it places.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I have gone twice in the last 24 hours. Suddenly I'm a "regular" on Yelp, and instantly a fan. I enjoyed the Clay Pit immensely and as I understand this is its little sister? JUST AS GOOD. If not better: Sure you are missing the ambiance but it's cheaper, and quicker.Had the Korma curry last night, the Tikki Masala today. Both with chicken, both fantastic. I also tried my gf's Saag with Paneer, yum! Korma is currently in first place. Oh, and Paneer means cheese btw. Yes, you can get your dish with chunks of cheese in it. What what!? (Though I am a total foodie, embarrassingly, I am an In Indian food newb.)I was on a gluten-free train at the Clay Pit, but I dove right in at Tarka. GARLIC NAAN. omg. It's $2. Get it. Or get 4. Whatever.I suspect everything here is good, but I consider it a mission to get through more dishes. I'll be back. You can order online. And they have an app. Bonus points. When you check in on Yelp you get 10% off. Triple bonus points. Finally, I have to echo Chiqui B's point: at least 25% of the diners eating there were Indian. SOLD.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>So apparently, 10:00pm on a Sunday night is a rather inconvenient time to confuse your eye makeup remover with your nail polish remover. Eye doctor? Definitely closed. Every urgent care in South Austin? Also closed. Austin Emergency Center? Open! I was the only patient there, so service was very fast. The lady at the reception desk was friendly, the nurses were efficient, and the doctor was great as well. I'm pretty sure I was in and out in 45 minutes, perhaps even less. Five of those minutes were spent over one of those high-school-chemistry-class eyewash things, which sucked, but alas. Beauty is pain. They accept BCBS and most other insurance policies, and parking was readily available in their large lot. Highly recommended for any unfortunate late-night injuries or illnesses.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Okay so I needed this thing. At 5:30 on a Friday night. Because without it my band at 7 o'clock and my other band at 10:30 would have had to play acoustically.  With 2000 loud motorcycles 10 feet away on 6th St. Not a recipe for success. My main PA amp blew at 5 o'clock on a Friday night of an incredibly busy weekend just as one musician was finishing his set.  Thanks to these musical angels of mercy, at 5:40 I had a new one in my hand for the exorbitant price of $31 for two weeks rental. Open Friday night when I needed them? Yes. Had what I needed? Yes.  Did not charge me an arm and a leg because they knew I was desperate? Yes. Nice helpful people with smiles on their faces (on Friday night just before closing time)? Yes. Helpful, available, equipped, pleasant.  That rates way above a "not bad" in my book.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I have gone to Sprouts, Whole Foods, Central Market for a long time for fresh items and I have always been happy with that but then I went to the new Wheatsville location on South Lamar.  I had never been to the north location because it was not convenient for me, now I feel like I was missing out on some magical land.We found organic free range eggs at Wheatsville that came from 6 miles away.  6 miles doesn't even get you to a different zip code in most places.  This is my kind of local.  I use the same strategy for shopping here as I do at Whole Foods, buy the fresh ingredients here but do your dry goods shopping at HEB.I am interested in trying their sandwiches and smoothies.  I can see a lot more visits to Wheatsville in my future.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Oh, Little Barrel, how I wanted to love thee. Almost everything I had heard was glowingly positive.  Not a thing could go wrong, right?  Some bumps in the road are to be expected with a soft opening.  And I hope they work out the kinks soon. The temp.  Please figure out your thermostats.  The one beside our table read 65 degrees.  It was freezing throughout the entire meal.  And this is once I managed to shimmy myself under the table.  Is the table too thick or is the booth too high?  All I know is getting in and out of there require some focus, so as not to overturn your table or rip your tights.  I could barely get my napkin on to my lap. They were out of the Jalapeno beer listed at the top of the menu.  The octopus had also been permanently removed from the menu, but is still listed.  Just to taunt you with what could have been an amazing dish.  No cocktail menu as of yet.  But fingers crossed that one may be in the works. The Housemade Pickles involves no pickles at all.  It was interesting and tasty, but I could live without it.  The blistered shishito appetizer was excellent, covered in a honey sriracha glaze.  The squash and fennel soup was perfection (and necessary just to keep my hands warm) but arrived without a spoon.  And my grilled romaine salad was very good, but I would try another salad or the gnocchi next time. The cornbread dessert was all everyone describes it to be, and all the desserts sounded delicious.  I don't think you could go wrong there. I was very impressed with the service and kitchen precision overall.  I sat facing the kitchen and never saw a dish sit longer than a few seconds.  Meals were consistently delivered in sync.  I think it often takes a while to work out that level of precision, so I commend the staff. The food was really quite excellent, but I would recommend the following:1. Bring and possibly wear your coat. 2. Ladies in heels, watch that incline on the way up to the bathroom.  LB+B, perhaps add some caution tape. 3. If you are a normal sized human being, try not to sit on the booth side.  You may need to be rubbed down in hot oil to be extracted.  (But this might be fine, as you'll be freezing anyway.)
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Upon educating myself through /r/ABraThatFits (read: freaking myself out with information overload), I concluded that I'd need some professional help to find the right size/shape bra.Yes, the first 20+ minutes after walking in the door is underwhelming: a lady with a clipboard took my name down, estimated a wait time and then never spoke to me again.  I meandered the un-glamorous but extensive (swimsuits, bras, undies, robes, nightgowns, men's undies...) showroom until I decided to sit for the wait.  There's plenty of seating strewn around, even magazines by the benches.  Once I got called, it was easy and efficient.  Two quick measurements and 10 bras later, I found a few keepers.This type of shopping may not be for everybody, but I suggest shopping with a fitter at least once.   They'll probably recommend a different size than you've been wearing, but properly fitting bras aren't ONLY about size, they need to be the right cup/wire SHAPE, too.  This store has quite a selection, and the ladies are knowledgeable in their recommendations.I know not all bras of the same size fit the same, so I really appreciated Leela taking the time to give me an array of brands and styles.  She was really helpful, answering all my noob questions and offering suggestions that lined up with my preferences.  I'll definitely come back, and with my size on file, I'm sure next trip will be much quicker.
