<review# 1,isUSA=True>"What do you want to order more of?""...MEAT"That pretty much sums up how a dinner of four went. Unlike its sister/brother right next door (Next Act Pub), the walls are quite stark white with deep blue tiles and polished cement floors. Kinda makes you feel like you're in a kitchen/mess hall. I would best describe it as less character compared to Pub but that's not necessarily a detracting thing. There's just no abundance of art or retro movies for you to stare at.Everything is wide open. The tables have no physical partitions unless you count the row of sauce on the table differentiating you from the next group of four beside you. I think this is what made me think of a military type mess hall!Fresh off the heels of ribfest at Kdays (Boss's Hog ribs were simply amazing) the first thing I wanted to sink my teeth into were ribs. Outcries of vegetarian discrimination were made vocal by our friends and her protests were quickly appeased by the delectable vegetarian sides offered.We decided to go with a full rack of ribs, half order of brisket, half order of pulled pork, full side of filler sustenance - er - i mean brussel sprouts, half order of coleslaw and a half order of beans. In all seriousness though, the brussel sprouts were actually very good. They were shredded and fried thoroughly ensuring it wasn't too dried out or oily. Piping hot and flavors that you don't expect, I thought the sprouts held their own quite well against the meat. The portions for the large was actually quite big. It was very assuring to see thought and earnest put into the other non-meat dishes. The 'slaw was fresh and didn't feel creamy at all. And the beans! Oink my gosh, it was like eating chilli, it was that flavorful.In regards to the meat, the ribs were very good. I like mine a little more sauced out and juicier but since they were going for a dry rib approach you can't simply compare. A full rack would not feed four but luckily enough we had the brisket and pulled pork. Although the pulled pork didn't quite stand out, it had enough tenderness and taste of a Ryan Gosling romantic drama. You will always love Ryan Gosling but the movie wasn't a stand out tell your friends about. The brisket on the other hand was very moist and soft. It had a nice savory kick on the charred outside that went deliciously well with the sauces at your disposal. The sauces were bourbon, cherry, spicy, and mustard. You can't get intoxicated off the bourbon, but you can make no mistake it has that sweet sweet taste of bourbon gold when it tangoes with your brisket.Prices weren't too bad and I would definitely recommend eating here than say Pampas. You'll be overdosing on protein at both joints and at least you'll save some money eating here if you want to lose the fine white table cloth dining with servers calling you sir. Come to MEAT if you just like your meat on a tray and don't mind digging in with your hands.At the end of that, we wanted more meat and ordered an apple glazed half chicken. Also good.TL;DR - reasonably priced, open seated meat experience where the brisket's great and the sides too.Pro tip - Make reservations! It gets packed!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Outdoors in the beautiful days of late spring summer and fall, indoors for those "other" months at City Hall!I can find ALL my grocery needs here, and locally supplied. Every kind of meat: Elk, Pork, Fowl (chicken, turkey, duck etc), eggs, Beef, and even Fish (fresh and frozen) . Fruit and veggies both local and near (BC).I can meet my farmers, talk with them-heck once a year there's an open house to visit their farms-but some have an open invite.Veggies galore!! Everything under the sun! From mushrooms to exotic greens, organic and almost. Every fall it's bursting with abundance, rainbows of beets and carrots, onions, cabbages and cauliflowers of incredible variety. I get my flat cabbages here to make my cabbage rolls. Spectacular quality. No, it's not bargain basement prices, but comparable to the stores but fresher!!  Fudge! Popcorn! Gelato! Baked goods...there is every possible variety of booths. The managers of the market work diligently to make sure to balance the wares and ensure quality vendors so there's something for everyone.Local Designers and their wares, jewelry, baby snuggies, beautiful hand made cutting boards, cat trees...endless assortment of goods.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>As a university student, Upper Crust Café was one of my favorite stops for a group lunch or a quiet dinner with friends.  I had all but forgotten about it until last Friday when I was out and about on a day off and looking for a late lunch.  In the few years since I had been, nothing has changed.  Upper Crust is wonderful, both in terms of atmosphere and food.  There are many windows in the café, making it light and bright throughout.  There are nice touches like rolled hand towels in the bathroom instead of paper towels or dryers, and local art is displayed on the walls.  I am a huge fan of the food at Upper Crust.  Both the sandwiches and entrees are great, but I love a sandwich with potato salad. The turkey sandwich I had most recently was exceptional, with fresh ingredients and a perfect proportion of meat to other toppings.  It is so refreshing to visit a restaurant with no deep fried food for a change! Desserts are also available for takeout at the door, and after our meal last week we bought pie and cake to have with our dinner later.   Both were delicious, and worth the wait.  I recall many years ago that their sticky toffee pudding was voted best in the city, and based on the comments I heard at tables around me, it is still top notch.  Definitely one of the better restaurants in the city!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Drive-in's like these are so rare around here, so I get really excited when I see one and get to try it out. I'm not out this way very often, but whenever I visit friends in Spruce Grove I try to swing by Jack's. It's a classic drive-in that is pretty small on the inside with just a couple of tables and a couple of stools, and several tables outside. There is also ample parking so you can eat in your car if you so choose. Staff are super friendly, 50s tunes are playing, and Elvis and Marilyn are painted on the wall. Burgers are good - not outstanding but certainly good. Small order of fries was plentiful and overflowing. I tried a ROASTED COCONUT DIPPED CONE and my mind was blown. So delicious. They have some other stuff on the menu like poutine, chicken fingers and, oddly, perogies, so I want to try something different each time I go.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I was very excited to try this place. a beautiful atmosphere and smells amazing! half the fun is in watching the bar tenders show off their skills. this is real bartending done the way it should. more like an art then a job. I had the bourbon sour and the violet fizz. both done perfectly the service was great and the staff knowledgeable. awesome selection. can't wait to come back and try the food
<review# 6,isUSA=True>This is all you need to know:- Really tasty sandwiches - Big enough for lunch - Only costs $4- I'm going back
<review# 7,isUSA=True>My wife had mentioned to me how much I needed to find a way to shut my brain off for a bit and reboot. My reply was "that's what I do when I sleep" but then she pointed out how little I sleep and how even when I do it is quite often a broken sleep. "No worries" I said, "I have been doing this for 46 years why would I need to change it now"She suggested something called floating, I told her "honey, you know drugs are not my thing' knowing full well that was not what she meant. This summer she had taken a month and dedicated it to try different things such as exercises, massages, therapies of all kinds in a search for what worked for her. One of the things she found was something called Float Therapy. It sounds odd doesn't it. They put you into a tank filled with water that is loaded with Epsom Salt and you close the lid on yourself for 90 minutes. This to me sounded insane, not that you would close yourself in a water filled coffin, but more that you would willingly give up 90 minutes of your life like that! Turns out there is actual science behind this, it's not all voodoo smoke and mirrors stuff. Regular flotation tank sessions can relieve chronic stress-related ailments. Conditions such as anxiety, stress, depression and fibromyalgia will find noticeable improvements. I know how stressful my wife's job can be and I figured if this is what she recommended to me after all the research she had done I would be a fool not to at least try it. So I went to this place in Sherwood Park we have called Float Wellness to try for myself and see what it's about. Well, as she is more often than not, she was right (don't tell her that). My experience at first was that of mass confusion not knowing how to relax was a huge deficit to me here. But time was on my side, about 10 minutes in I found myself actually tuning out, I had no place to be, I had no work to do, I did not even have a my iPhone to use, talk about torture. Turns out it wasn't torture at all but rather a feeling of calmness. I was not feeling the need to message or tweet or make a post on Facebook, it was just me alone with nothing to do. The lack of stimulation is exactly what the doctor ordered. I would recommend this for anyone out there who struggles with letting things go, take a float you won't regret it. The recharge will open your mind even clearer than it was before.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I love the Little Village Food Truck. It's one of the few eateries (either stationary or mobile) that I know I can get delicious food and great service every single time.They have the Greek classics like roast lamb and lemon potatoes, and not-so-classic items like the Kefteddy burger and homemade Eatmore bars.In addition to their lunch service, they are usually at the 124 street market on Thursday evenings where they also serve saganaki (deep fried cheese on a stick). If you're feeling adventurous, throw caution to the wind and treat yourself to an off-menu Greek poutine. It's lemon potatoes topped with roast lamb, saganaki and tzatziki. You can thank me later.If that's not enough, in addition to the food, the service is some of the friendliest in town. Theo and Kristin are always smiling and seem genuinely happy to see you.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Jacek has been a well known high quality, melt-in-your-mouth chocolatier from Sherwood Park for a few years and is now in Edmonton. A cozy boutique on the street with the best boutiques, the 4th street promenade. I was blown away by the Gin 'n tonic truffle. Delicious notes of juniper in this truffle. I am a little biased though, since I love gin. The Chartreuse truffle was also quite delicious, with a bold, roasted pistachio paste in the centre. However, I expected it to have more crunch, perhaps because it's a nut. It was still masterfully executed. The 91% cocoa glow bar is spectacular. Really smooth for a high cocoa chocolate, the ginger plays a respectful role in the balance of the flavours, while the kick of red chilli flakes spice at the end just gives it a bit of that swoon factor. Great location, perfect size for a boutique shop and I imagine my Farmers market Credo coffees to be well complemented by their truffles for years to come.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>There are certain terms that I don't like to use to describe myself - "expert", "master", 'living god", but when it comes to paintball, I'm content to describe myself as an avid enthusiast.Being an avid enthusiast, I tend to have a critical eye when it comes to paintball facilities.  I usually go out of my way to find some sort of fault with them, just so I can sit back and bask in smug superiority.Not the case here.  I found the staff to be friendly, knowledgeable, and eerily helpful.  I say eerily because 3 of them leapt into action to find an air tank for me when they discovered that mine had expired.The two separate playing fields were well maintained, and set up so as to provide a fun, yet challenging game environment.  Whether you're an expert masterful living god of paintball like me, or just a beginner, the Edmonton Paintball Center will not disappoint you.
