<review# 1,isUSA=True>I learned about the interesting history of Divino during a Calgary Ghost Tour, so when a gf suggested having a group dinner there I figured "Why not?"The four of us arrived during peak dining time on a weeknight, and it was pretty packed so I took that as a good sign. We were seated near the open concept kitchen and got to see (and smell!) all the delicious creations whiz past us as we pondered on the menu.In the mood for wine (what a perfect place to be!), our waiter brought over their house sommelier who was not only knowledgeable but super helpful and friendly! He helped us settle on the Kruger Rumpf Riesling (FYI - a must try!)We got the Tempura Haricot vert to share (seriously, could have just ordered a few of these for my meal), my entrée was the rougie duck breast (served with gingered spaghetti squash, potato confit and raspberry jus) while the other girls got the lamb sirloin, seafood spaghettini and lobster ravioli.At first glance, you think the portions are small but once you start devouring your food, the richness takes over and you realize the portions are just right. My duck was succulent and the ginger and raspberry were perfect accents. All of you know my reservations about lamb, but I snuck a bite and was glad I did! The mint and red current jus did wonders on the lamb! Too full for dessert, I did ask to look at the cheese menu (what a huge variety!) so I know what to look forward to the next time I'm here - and trust me, I will be back!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I had to grab a quick lunch and was in the same strip mall so I decided to stop in.  I was instantly made aware of the daily specials by a sign at the door, it solidified my choice to stop in.It was a bit dark in there but hey, it's a pub.  You can tell the place is a bit on the older side as the tables and chairs are, let's just say, "classic".  But that's the extent of my criticism (and I was really reaching).They have a bunch of old video games, pool tables and even a pinball machine.  The server was nice and friendly.  I ordered the fish and chips on special during Fridays.  It came out quick and it looked huge.  The first bite told me I'd found a place that prides itself on using fresh ingredients.  The chips/fries were crispy and golden.  The fish (1 huge piece and 2 average/small pieces) was battered to perfection and accompanied a really tangy tartar sauce (which I liked).  The coleslaw had a nice tangy spice to it and as I guessed, there was horseradish in it.  Who would've thought it would go well in coleslaw?  I must try that at home.All in all, it was as good as any other neighborhood pub for decor and atmosphere.  They really excelled in their food prep and taste.  I'll be back to try more items on their menu.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Mmmmm, jerk wings. Multiple flavours, using organic meat and you won't need too many napkins, as they aren't all nasty with grease. The hilight for me though was the home made beef patty. Lots of minced meat that melted in your mouth, stuffed in to a light and flaky dough. The veggie patties were already sold out, so will have to go back and try them as well. Don't miss this little place located in the Crossroads Market.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>So many beers. So little time.This was my first time at Beerfest in many years and it was excellent. My first experience was back when there were only a handful of brewers and the sample tickets seemed quite expensive. This seems to have changed.First off, the most important thing you need to know is to buy the VIP tickets and get there early. When I arrived on the Saturday at about 12:15 there was already a line of people waiting to get it. At 12:30, they opened the doors and got people in quite quickly to the corralling area where you could pick up your pre-ordered sample tokens and t-shirts. Just before 1:00 they let people into the halls to begin their sampling. The first hour was VIP's only and it was totally worth the extra few bucks. There were no lines at any of the brewers which gave you the chance to talk with them and actually learn about the products instead of fighting through crowds of people just to get a taste. Also, some of the companies were giving our free or half price samples because it was their first sample of the day or because the product was a little on the warm side because it hadn't been on ice long enough yet. The down side of this first hour though was that some places weren't open. It seemed there was some confusion as to what time the exhibitors were supposed to be there so a number of them weren't ready to go until the general public was allowed into the event.While things got busier later in the day and there were some lines to get through,  everything stayed civilized. It was interesting to people watch throughout the event. There was a range of people and it seemed to be a younger crowd. Not many people over 40 represented. Earlier in the day there were people like me that were looking for new brews to try, learn about different breweries, and take in the general experience. Late in the day you could see lots of people there just to see how many beers they could try and were pounding back their 4oz glasses like they were doing shots at the club. At $2 a sample (some upwards of $4) this is more expensive than buying a beer at a liquor store so I don't understand why people would want to come here just to get wasted.The best part of the day for me was finding out that some of my favourite west coast American brews were now available in Calgary. The second part of that was finding out that liquor stores like CO-OP are carrying them, so I don't have to make the trek across the city to Oak & Vine to get them. I do have a couple of minor complaints:1. While the VIP sampling glasses were nice in that they were glass and not plastic, the mug style cups they gave to non VIP's were much more handy. Especially when you're trying to balance holding a sample, checking-in on Untapped, and carrying whatever else you've picked up from the booths.2. Hall C was blisteringly hot. Halls D& E were great, nice and cool. 3. There needs to be more incentives for VIP's at each booth. Like maybe VIP's don't wait in line or something. Other than an extra hour before everyone else and a different t-shirt to buy, there isn't anything special about getting a VIP ticket once the show is well under way.Lastly, to leave things on a positive note, there was a lot of great food to try also. Fiasco Gelato was there, All Beef Catering, many restaurants, and a couple of others thrown in the mix. You won't go hungry while making the rounds sampling your newly discovered brews.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>It takes CRAZY MEN to run Boogies. Word on the street is one of them has to fend off the crazies by taking it out on his unsuspecting victims as a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Blue Belt. Somebody get this guy a TV show, I didn't even notice John Catucci. Actually somebody get the Don't Fear the Reaper burger because that thing was a BEAUT.Great atmosphere. Then again to me a vintage street fighter console would make a construction sight feel like home.The burgers? What can I say...WHAT CAN I SAY? Stellar embed within every molecule of its very being. I'm not kidding. It's meat on everything that makes my calorie tracker app have a heart attack.In my recent visit I had their burger, fries, and a milkshake. Plain? YOUR FACE IS PLAIN because I could tell you what lies in between. Maybe a lil bacon (on the milkshake), a lil fancy cheese, a lil produce, a lil berimbolo... ce....la....vie...
<review# 6,isUSA=True>My buddy and I walked over for supper one Friday night. The place was busy. I think there was only one table open. My friend ordered the crispy shrimp wontons. They were very strange looking, almost like orangish crispy critters. They tasted shrimpy but inside it was like shrimp mush, not actual shrimp. Made me a bit hesitant to eat another. We both had lemongrass chicken which we both enjoyed. That was until my friend found some bits of a paper wrapper on her spring roll. No she did not ask for extra fiber! The waitress didn't charge her for her vermicelli which was good. The atmosphere was pleasant and the place looked clean. Service could have been a bit more attentive but it was quite busy.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>We decided to try Latin American cuisine on a Saturday night.  After squeezing into our parking space, we entered the restaurant and were greeted warmly by Alejandro, the owner of Sabroso.  Alejandro is the most active restaurant owner I've seen in a long time -- he spends time conversing with customers, serving plates, and playing percussion/drums with the guitarist/singer!   Our server Orlando took our orders on his iPod touch and sent it to the kitchen right away.Appetizers:Calamari with avocado/wasabi mayo with lime:  cute, wonderfully fried calamari sticks with a light batter.  The mayo was a perfect match; I just wish that there was more of it!Potatoes tortilla: potatoes, onions, cilantro in an omelette.  The vibrant dipping sauce had the right amount of spice.Mains:Parrilla para Dos:  the grilled hangar steak was juicy and tender, prawn skewer seasoned just right, chorizo, boneless chicken, crispy potatoes.  The sauce was so delicious that I was tempted to lick the plate clean.  It was served with a side plate of risotto, baby bok choy, squash and microgreens -- cooked to perfection.Desserts:Milhojas con Arequipe:  the delicate mille-feuille with caramel sauce and vanilla custard was not too cloyingly sweet.  The custard was as smooth as silk.  Mmmm....Cinnamon Churros:  my son loved his cute little churros coated in cinnamon sugar. It came with a chocolate sauce on the side for dipping.Fig and Cocoa Nib Bread Pudding:  hubby had this one and I took a quick nibble.  The fig and cocoa compliment one another so well that there's no need for extra sugar.  Let the ingredients speak for themselves!Maravilloso!   We will definitely be back!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>The Little Monday Café is a small location of great small bites and delicious coffee.Being located just off of Bow Trail in Spruce Cliff, the Little Monday Café is a little out of the way for most people. For the locals however, it's a popular place to drop by for a coffee and some friendly conversation. The Café owner will delight you with her delicious pastries cooked in house or a selection of frozen gluten free items. The Café offers various sandwiches and breakfast/lunch items but the real reason to go is the coffee. They have a delicious coffee roaster who roasts their coffee for them in Calgary (I believe). The atmosphere is far friendlier than your average coffee shop with fast service. Be sure to get there on an off hour if you want to get a table though, as there is not much for seating.This Little Café is definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>my last review was in 2012, and towards end of 2014 my review still stands. I had a craving for Pho last week and I went to Pho Xuan in 36th  st. NE, the next day I have to go to noodle world to satisfy the craving...coz the other place didnt cut it. Even my doggie didnt like the spring rolls I brought home from Pho Xuan. I hope they NEVER close! family owned, very friendly. yah, the paint is pink....not a biggie, the food is awesome! serving is more than enough!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>This is maybe the BEST food truck I have eaten at! I'm one of the hipsters that Dale E. is referring to, but sushi and burritos are my two favorite things, and Bento Burrito combines them well. I am happy to see a truck that creatively combines two types of food that I love.They came by our office today and I was honestly a little bit nervous. Sometimes when you combine two great things it turns out terribly, so I wasn't sure if I wanted to try it or not, but a couple of coworkers convinced me to try it and I AM SO HAPPY THAT I DID. I had the chiki-rito, which has a coconut curry chicken with peanut sauce and actual roasted peanuts. The sweetness of the peanut sauce combined with the pickled onions and carrots was tangy and perfect, the cilantro garnish was wonderful, and I loved the crunch the cucumbers added. This is an absolute must-try!
