<review# 1,isUSA=True>I was there the first day it opened and have been back a 1/2 dozen times. After a few hiccups in the beginning they seem to be finding their way. The food, and service is better now. The price may be still an issue for some people though.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Went in here for the first time the other day and I have no complaints. Phat's a really nice guy and provides a great service. I was in here on a Saturday and just sneaked in before a rush (thankfully) but the people behind me didn't have to wait long I'm sure because Phat works very fast. I was in the chair for about 15 minutes maybe and this was my first cut in about 3 months. Not only is the cut good but it's cheap as well. Tip him well, he deserves it. Highly recommended.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I wish I lived closer to this location, as I prefer it to closer-to-home South Park cafe. The balcony space overlooking trees on Agricola,  the art, the comfy seating nooks all add up to a very welcoming and relaxing space. I'm a fan of the muffins, ice cream, and the tea selection. Although I am a huge fan of espresso coffee I try to avoid getting coffee at Humani-T because it inevitably disappoints every time. Humani-T lattes inevitably come out weak and scalding hot, and I can usually tell it's too hot the moment I touch the cup and it starts to burn my hand. Milk should never be frothed above 65 degrees celsius (or 150 F), which I would expect anyone making espresso coffee for a living to know, but unfortunately this is a common problem in Halifax. I commend Humani-T for offering resonably-priced and healthy lunch options.  I have had the soup on a few occasions and enjoyed my meals most of the time. I ordered the 'Polish Borscht' today which to my surprise did not seem to contain any beets at all. I've never had a borscht in my life that did not have beets as the primary ingredient. If it had been called a cabbage and tomato soup I would have had no complaints. It was tasty and filling. All in all, I do really like Humani-T at this location, and I make a point to stop in whenever I am in the area (if they are open).
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Good place and good prices.  This would a great spot for a healthy meal.  If you are a carnivore you might not get your fill but for good variety of food and a friendly spot.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Based on the really good reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a try, as we were looking for a change from the chain pizza stores.  I ordered by phone, great number 479-7979, and my husband picked it up.  We ordered a 3 ingredient large.  The pizza was ready on time and the man on the phone was friendly.  My husband paid cash. The location is just up the Bay Road from the Rotary.   So we opened the box and dug in.  I liked the crust which was medium thick, chewy and fluffy.  I also noted the tomato sauce which had a sweet and tangy flavour.  The cheese on top was thick and gooey.  The green pepper and mushrooms were garden fresh.  And I savoured the salty taste of the big black olives.  This pizza was a delicious treat and we enjoyed every bite!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>One of my favorite places ever! I really enjoy the "Roasted Chicken Panini." They are very efficient with their job. I recommend this place if you wanna enjoy a nice lunch. :)
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Fruition is a raw vegan eatery located in the Halifax Seaport Market. Although the menu looks simplistic, the food tastes divine and puts a new spin on classic dishes. I admit, I am always skeptical when trying raw prepared food. I haven't had a lot of luck enjoying the places I have tried but Fruition is an exception. I absolutely loved it. It was flavorful, filling and just plain delicious. I had the gardenburger and a blueberry macaroon for dessert. Both of which left me satisfied. I also felt extremely honored that Seth recognized me from The Vegan Peach. It really made my day and felt like what I am doing is impacting the vegan community. On top of the delicious food, we were given a cute little pin (which is now permanently on my purse) and a discount card for next time in. I officially declare Fruition the best raw vegan restaurant according to The Vegan Peach!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>The girlfriend and I were in here last week, and were pleasantly surprised!  The restaurant is small but very clean, the food is delicious and somehow lighter-feeling than usual westernized-Chinese fare, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff were just excellent.  We live in Halifax, just around the corner from another major Chinese restaurant (Look, it's right o-over there!), but I expect we'll be making the trek across the bridge much more often in the future.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>When these guys moved in to their weekday lunchtime home a short walk from my office, I was happy. After my first visit I was estatic. Being in Burnside without a vehicle doesn't offer a great deal of options for lunch but Poppasmokes is about all I need.  I have tried everything on the menu now except for the Nate Dog, some items more than once. The fries are fantastic, always best right out of the fryer with just the right amount of spice added. It's a tie between the pulled pork and the MWA (Meatballs With Attitude) for my favourites, maybe it's because of Poppa's Sweet Heat Sauce, a nice balace of heat and sweet. Just about everything else has Poppa Rush Sauce. If you're not into a lot of heat on your Reuben, chicken or burger, you might want to have them go easy on the rush sauce. The bacon mac & cheese is almost is good as mine. Of all I've tried, the Lil Chicken wowed me the least but still a solid choice. I usually go for the 6" combo - any 6" hoagie, fries and a beverage, a good deal for $10. Not sure how much longer they'll be open this Fall but once they do I'll be counting the days til they return in the Spring.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Oh my goodness!  I couldn't decide so I ordered 2 mains.  The whole lot went... Super awesome.  The beef salad was a flavour explosion.  Officially now my favourite Thai in HRM....  although Canadians would call it a 'Thai food restaurant' rather than just' Thai'.  That's two words too many.
