<review# 1,isUSA=True>Talk about a cultural melting pot of a grocery store where the only thing we have in common is the shopping cart. But I like it like that.I've gone to Saraga many times to find ingredients for dishes I cannot find anywhere else (or at a good price). Dried guajillo peppers, 30 of them for the cost of 4 at Penzyes. Soy sauce and Sriracha in bulk. Corn husks and masa flour for tamales. But the coolest thing about Saraga is getting to try something that I've never tried before. On this trip, we bought:Milk coffee in a can (Russian, I think)Espresso candiesAsian pickles2 Frozen Asian meals, pork and veggies over rice and beef and onions over riceChinese Restaurant Tea (yes that is what it is called)Chili Garlic SauceSeveral hot and spicy chicken/beef noodle soupsGarlic Plantain ChipsWe probably spent an hour cruising through the aisles. Though we noticed a couple doing the same, enjoying how each aisle was a different world. As a girl who finds happiness in cooking new foods, Saraga is like my fix. Maybe one day I'll pick up that freeze dried squid.... maybe.While you may get great deals in some areas (Chili Garlic Sauce for $2, 18oz), some foods simply are not cheaper. Foods that you'd likely find at Kroger are going to be more expensive.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Great casual diner-ish food, I guess? Don't get the ahi tuna because the waitress told me to seriously not to get it. So I got it anyway and it was cold. I mean, always trust the waitress.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Do you like beer?  If your answer is no, then get away from me, weirdo.  If your answer is yes, then come give me a hug, you beautiful bastard!  Also, you will love Black Acre because they make damn good beer in a state where the bar is pretty high.  I have had my favorite stout ever here (Chai Guy), and numerous delicious IPAs.  They offer a small but tasty menu of a few appetizers and panini style sandwiches, as well as a different brunch option every Sunday.  You can also feast upon a sampler of some of the finest meats and cheeses in the land in the form of a meat plate, cheese plate, or a meat AND cheese plate.  I also have to commend the servers and bartenders because no matter how small or large the crowd, the service here has always been great.Beer.  Meat.  Cheese.  Yessss!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>This doesn't look any different than every other ethnic food in a strip mall, but the food it 10x better. Their specialty is Vietnamese food even though they have a great Chinese food deal for lunch. I try to come here at least twice a week for lunch because I love supporting a great family. I have gotten the Pho many times and it is full of flavor, meat is cooked perfectly and quality for the value is exceptional. They have 12 Chinese meals varying from your standard Cashew chicken, sesame chicken, and Kung Pao chicken. Each meal comes with soup, egg roll or crab rangoon, drink and meal for $4.91. Talk about an exceptional value. They do not use any of the normal "mystery" meat. All the chicken was white meat, ample amounts, and perfectly cooked. This is by far the best lunch place in Beech Grove and I cannot wait to come back.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I can't quite put my finger on it but I really like this place. It looks super sketchy on the outside but something about seems very "homey". Everyone in the bar knew each other and they were  very friendly. The drinks are excellently priced. This is definitely a place that I could sit for hours and drink a few Jameson and gingers and play some cards with some friends. But be warned, they only take cash.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Very unique atmosphere...classy hipster? I know...faux pas.  haha  I like the bar setup and that you can see the food being prepared behind the counter.1. Pisco Sour2. Caiprihana 3. Bacon Flight w/ 3 sauces (vinegarish something?, apple chutney, and harissa)4. Mussels + Extra Bread5. Punch for TwoAll for two people...Go ahead and ask me if I would get this all over again.  Why yes, yes I would!  Tip:  Make a reservation ahead of time if you can.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>There's a room here that you've just GOT to see.I absolutely love the IMA.  Adore it, even.  Remember that campaign they ran a few years ago - "It's MY Art"?  I totally embrace that.  There's truly something for everyone here from the stellar European gallery to the cutting edge contemporary art.  The 100 Acres and outdoor gardens simply can't be missed.  Oh, and don't forget to take a day and visit the Lilly mansion.  It's breathtaking.  Did I mention the best part, yet?  It's all FREE!!!  You get to experience art, and you get to experience art, and YOU get to experience art! (In my Oprah Winfrey Voice, lol)If you haven't visited the IMA recently, make an effort to go ASAP-tually.  They're open late (until 9) on Thursdays!Oh, and about that room?  Ask for James Turrell.  It's the ONE piece of art that you actually get to touch. ;-)
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I'm so glad I finally got to try Plat 99. I'm not a "fancy drinker." Mostly, I'm concerned with getting the job done in the least offensive way possible, if you catch my drift. The bartenders at Plat 99 definitely opened my eyes to  the wonders of mixology.  We were staying at The Alexander for a girls night/30th birthday celebration, and the wonderful front desk staff gave us four drink tickets to use at Plat (please see my review for The Alexander for more info on the fantastic perks we received as part of our stay.) The mixologist was fun and informative. My palette favors very spicy, umami or savory flavors. When I described what I was looking for, the bartender directed me to try The Definition of Insanity. This turned out to be the best cocktail I've ever tried. As I said before, I'm no cocktail expert, but I know what I like, and this drink delighted my taste buds. It was an experience that has you asking, WHAT is that flavor? He let me try the angostura bitters on their own. That was the "secret ingredient." I didn't know that bitters were alcoholic, but I kind of want to drink them on their own now! At least that particular kind. The second drink he recommended was the Champs Élysées. It was herbacious and savory and delicious. Another spot on pick. While we were enjoying our drinks, we snacked on the complimentary truffle oil popcorn. Forgive me, Anthony Bourdain (and others who may deem truffle oil a culinary abomination) but it was the perfect accompaniment to our cocktails. Salty and indulgent and wonderful.Lastly, before we headed out to our next destination, we ordered some flourless chocolate cake to take up to our room for later. It made the perfect late night dessert (and partial breakfast.) Dense, moist, and rich. Overall, Plat 99 seriously impressed me. I wasn't looking for an "experience" when I sat down at the bar, but I definitely had one. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>As a downtown dweller with a keen eye on soon and new to open establishments, I am embarrassed to admit that I didn't know about this place until 3 days ago.  Located in the Trowel Trades Building on N. East Street just off of Mass Ave, this gem leaves a lot to be discovered once inside.  From the outside, I was intrigued, because it isn't obvious what this place is all about.  When you enter from the patio area (not the main entrance) into the hostess area, you get a sneak peek of it's awesome decor with a glimpse of the amazing bar!  Brightly lit shelves with bottles going high to the ceiling stretched the entire length of a very long bar with generous seating.  Once you pass the hostess area, you realize this place is huge and then suddenly, you aren't in Indy any longer.  At least I didn't feel like I was.  I felt like I was in Chicago, or maybe Vegas.  I am not saying Indy can't hold up to those cities, but this place just takes downtown Indy to "that" level.  The decor is amazing (see photos).  Our service was outstanding; prompt, friendly, helpful and flawless.  The menu was the perfect size to make it easy to decide what to order on your first visit.  Portions are sized as Petit, Bistro and Grand with Boards, Hand-Cut Fries and Poutine offerings as well.  Our party ordered the French Onion Soup, Hand-Cut Fries, Baby Kale Salad, Roasted Half Chicken, Beef Trio and Ribeye Cap.  Presentation of each dish was outstanding and each person at the table was very pleased with their individual dishes and portion size.  The cocktail selection seemed plentiful and although I didn't take the time to scan the wine list, I was very pleased with their beer selection.  They had two drink specials, so I assume this is something they will offer daily.  Entertainment!!  First off, Action Jackson on opening night!  High five to Union 50 for this.  To be honest, learning that Action Jackson was going to be there sealed the deal of my going to opening night on an evening that I planned to stay home.  As always, the AJ tunes were great; loud enough to make you want to get up and dance, yet quiet enough to let you carry on a conversation with ease.  From what I understand, live entertainment will be frequent here and Action Jackson will be in house every Monday evening in July.  Love it!Next up, Ski Ball.  Yes, I said Ski Ball!!!  And, an amazing patio :))What else do you want to know about Union 50?  Don't ask; just go!  Give them try and see for yourself.  I can almost promise that you will not be disappointed.  What else do I want to know about Union 50?  My personal frequently asked question.....is your patio pet friendly?!!My apologies for not getting any photos of our food.  Next time!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I loved hibachi and hadn't visited one in a while so when the husband surprised me for dinner on V-Day I was pretty excited. We were at a table with a few other couples and one had a kid but that was great because our chef was really animated with him and made the dinner that much more enjoyable. The atmosphere is very nice. You walk in and almost right into a fairly large indoor Koi pond. Then the hostesses are friendly and quick. We were running late due to the weather and they improvised with no hiccups. We ordered hot sake and Sapporo which was imperative for the occasion and my husband got the NY sushi I think. He liked the sushi so there you go. Once dinner got rolling our chef was very enthusiastic, charismatic and, of course, hilarious. Very involved and constantly asked questions which was nice, sometimes I get awkward when the chefs are shy...The food hit the spot and the fried rice was so heavenly. I could eat plates of the stuff, like crack. The only complaint, and the reason behind the 4 stars, is that my chicken teriyaki was pretty tough and chewy. Just a little overcooked. But otherwise yummy. Will be sure to visit again!
