<review# 1,isUSA=True>I've been coming here for several months now and not only do I love to return for the customer service, but the quality of the services are incredible and priced perfectly. I typically get partial highlights, a cut and eyebrow wax. I've been seen by 3 of the stylists so far and they all are very friendly, professional and skilled at what they do. I've never had a bad experience. It's a family owned shop and the owner is there everyday. You get a homey, comfortable feeling there which is why I continue to return. No fancy bells and whistles, but they cater to the basics and are great at what they do. I recommend this place 100% for your hair styling needs.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I've been coming here since I was little. Ice Cream Cottage is old school as it gets. There's tons of flavors of Hershey ice cream, and they offer sundaes, banana splits, and snowballs too. All of the tables have checker sets painted on. I used to love sitting in there with my dad, eating ice cream and getting my butt whooped in checkers. Outside they have rocking chairs and adirondack chairs to relax in. All in all, if you want to feel like a kid again, play checkers, and enjoy some creamy Hershey's ice cream, this is your place.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Decided to come here for brunch today. From 10-3 they have a brunch and lunch thing going on so that made for some tough decisions. The brunch was explained that for $18 you get one breakfast item in the menu and then you get all you can eat access to the "meat table". Who doesn't love a good meat table!? This also came with a mimosa. There mimosas are very good by the way. We decided to go with lunch items. I got the prime rib melt and my wife got the burger cooked medium. We also got an order of the crab and spinach dip. The spinach dip was super creamy and came out piping hot. I really liked the dip. The prime rib sammich was also good. But the burger won top prize today. Wow what a great burger. Perfectly cooked and it had a sweet taste to it as well. The bun was awesome too. Really just a solid burger. Didn't see that one coming. Overall we had a great experience here. We sat in the bar area and our servers were awesome. This may be my new go to spot for brunch now!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>This place has some killer Chai tea! Probably the very best I have had in life! I am addicted now and may switch to tea verses coffee. I needed a change.Free parking spots for patrons. That's a big plus for Historic Ellicott City.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Omletting you know that this breakfast joint is killer!!! Soooooo yummie. We both had (huge) omelets and really good coffee. The service was great! But I'm not sure I would go running back because the meal was quite expensive for a breakfast place! But, for a treat, I'd reccomend it!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Sue Island Grill & Crab House is a Crab House and can arguably be considered a dock bar as well since they have an open air bar and tables on the water. There are slips in the marina beside Sue Island Grill that can be used for people arriving by boat, they just don't have any slips directly attached to the restaurant property.Sue Island Grill is an out of the way, friendly locals spot that's in a residential neighborhood and is mostly advertised by word of mouth rather than by an online presence. They've been around a long time, but prior to this review, they didn't even exist on yelp and they only showed up on facebook a few years ago.On any given sunny weekend afternoon, you'll find that Sue Island Grill has the traditional Maryland open air picnic tables out back covered with craft paper, piled high with steaming heavy crabs, stacked with pitchers of cold beer, and surrounded by smiling Old Bay covered faces & fingers. The crabs at Sue Island Grill are consistently good and the open air bar under the roof on the rear deck is consistently filled with friendly locals swapping stories along with a fun bartender with all snappy comebacks you can handle. Lest you think that Sue Island Grill is just a sleepy little crab house on a sleepy little waterway, in a sleepy little neighborhood, they do manage to get their party on too. They operate as a Ravens bar during football season, they have themed costume parties for most major holidays, (most notably St Patrick's Day), they host live bands, and "yes" they even have occasional bikini contests. So in addition to being a crab house, they also deserve the designation as a dock bar.Sue Island Grill & Crab House, tucked away in it's off the beaten path Sue Creek location, isn't easy to find but it's definitely worth the trip.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>When I'm looking to grab a beer in Federal Hill (and I want something more creative than a blue moon) I always head to Brewers Cask. Every time I'm there I look over the menu (and around me at what everyone is ordering) and the food looks delicious. I also know that the chef there is from Hot Corner Lee's which was my favorite place in Cross Street Market when it was open.For dinner a friend and I were in the mood to go someplace new and I had been wanting to try Brewers Cask so I suggested it and we headed over.When we were seated, the bartender/waiter was very attentive. We decided to start our meal with Hot Corner Lee's Famous Curly Fries. They are hand cut Idaho potatoes, sea salt and sriracha aioli. The sriracha aioli is delicious and so were these fries. They tasted incredibly fresh, as if the potatoes were peeled after we ordered them.For our meal,my friend ordered the Chipotle Chicken Tacos. They were three tacos in flour tortillas, onions, peppers, pico de gallo, cotija cheese and cilantro.  The chicken was very tender and packed with chipotle flavor and on Mondays, Brewers Cask has a $2 taco special.Because the main reason I wanted to try Brewers Cask was for the Cheesesteaks, I obviously had to order one.  I went for the Texas Cheesesteak which was delicious. It's thinly sliced brisket, grilled onions, green peppers and provolone cheese on a freshly baked roll. This was delicious. Sometimes with sandwiches, the bread to filling ratio is not proportionate but this was delicious and huge so I had leftovers for another day.My cheesesteak came with a side and because we already had an order of fries, I decided to go with something completely different. I ordered the Sauteed Garlic Spinach. Now I don't normally order veggies at a bar but these were super creamy, wonderful and packed with garlicky flavor. They were great.Everything at Brewers Cask really was delicious and if you're in the mood for a quick bite and some awesome food I'd highly recommend heading over to Federal Hill to check it out.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>My fiftieth review! Fells Point, Baltimore, is a treasure not only in the city of Baltimore - but in the greater East Coast. It has its claim to fame from the days of ship building in the 1800's. Clipper ships, as well as ships termed "blockade runners" were manufactured here during the early days of Baltimore. The privateers were a chief reason Fort McHenry was bombed during the war of 1812. Pirate bars abound - Wharf Rat and Horse You Came In On both still enjoy the notoriety from those early days. Immigrants from all of Europe found their way to the busy port, and their influence is still felt not only in the architecture but the current restaurants and shops lining the streets. Come here during the Privateer Festival in late April, during the Fells Fun Festival in August - or any other time of year. There's a thriving Farmer's market from the first weekend of May till the end of October. Find bars, gastropubs, boutiques, gelato, ice cream, antiques, fine dining, ethnic food, pretzels, amazing coffee shops, entertainment venues, great views - all mixed with a little bit of history and some of the friendliest locals to be found in Baltimore. Ride on the Fearless (our Urban Pirate brigade), walk your dog, go on a ghost tour, meet for a first date...the possibilities are endless in this eclectic and trendy area. Highlights: - Kilwins Chocolate - gourmet chocolates- Wharf Rat - atmosphere/beer- Max's - beerhaus of dreams- Stuggy's - best hotdogs around- Berthas - eat the mussels. Just do it!- Tortilleria Sinaloa - homemade tortillas/tacos- Polina's Prive - amazing lingerie- Sound Garden - music store- Bonaparte - almond croissants- Farmer's Market - everything! - Pitango Gelato - better than in Little Italy- John Stevens pub - seafood, bartenders- Ale Mary's - tater tots - Krakus Deli - awesome Polish sausage! ...and more. I'm on a mission to review everything. You can come here via Water Taxi, taxi, bus, free city circular, car, bicycle, or foot. The important thing is just to come, and experience one of the most inviting areas in Baltimore.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I've only been here twice for coffee and it was to-go. I was pleasently surprised they had almond and coconut milk (please, can more places do this?) The staff was very sweet and courteous and i could tell so many people in there were regulars! Wish it was closer or I'd try it again and again!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>My place is so clean!!!! I was referred to frank and team by one of my coworkers. I called and he was super friendly. We set up a meeting for him to come quote my place, get my preferences, etc  then scheduled the cleaning. They even accommodated the day I wanted although it was a holiday week.The team came at the scheduled time and wow!!! Things I never thought were dirty, apparently were and were now clean! Best money spent ever! My whole apt felt different! It's about 120/month bc I chose the once a month option. If you get more frequently it's cheaper. They even keep a book of your preferences which is really nice! I recommend this company and so glad I found them. I can relax in my home again!!!
