<review# 1,isUSA=True>Best burger I have had in BR so far! Gotta admit, there are still a few spots on my burger "to do" list, but I absolutely loved my Fat Cow experience. I had the Smoke Stack with yummy cheddar, bacon, BBQ, and onion straws--and sampled the husband's 120 burger with  bacon, gruyere, arugula, and horseradish sauce. While I preferred mine to his, both were juicy and awesome, and I am definitely planning to head back and try the other specialty burgers. We also split the duck fat fries and onion straws, which did leave us wasting huge portions, but totally satisfied, as both were pure  perfection! Of course, our daughter loved her Cookies and Cream shake, too. Overall, nothing we didn't adore. A new fave!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>"Hands down the best and most authentic Lebanese food in Baton Rouge. Perhaps the best I have ever had. Owners Vivian and Fuad have an amazing restaurant here packed with great personal service in a quaint atmosphere. You will love the flavors!"
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I've been going to this dentistry ever since I was a little girl and it is one of the best we have in Louisiana. The staff are very friendly, helpful and lenient on if you are 15 -20 minutes late. Dr. Michael Rabel is an excellent dentist that is very thorough, precise and knowledgeable. Very quick cleaning check up as well. Typical routine consist of xray, checkup, and cleaning if you don't have any dental problems then you go home with a nice little bag of goodies (toothbrush, toothpaste and floss). It is very clean, the clinic is getting remodel and expanding so I can't wait to see it complete! Offers services to all ages too.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Love, love, love this cafe and cannot wait to return. I grew up in the surrounding area and am first of all super impressed with how this area of Baton Rouge has blossomed into a unique restaurant lover strip. First of all the appearance was very casual and cozy. Outdoor seating and plenty indoor with a coffee trip feel. Definitely appropriate with the close proximity to LSU. I would have adored this place in college before I moved to the other side of town.Service was friendly, and food made right in front of you, which is always exciting. I ordered the paleo special, which I had no idea what they event meant. They asked me if I ever tried it, then explained it very well. I decided to be adventurous and get it a whirl.  So glad I did!The paleo special of the day was an open faced sandwich with turkey, fig jam, pear, and arugula on a homemade paleo bread. I'm actually posting weeks after I ordered it, and my mouth is still salivating. I must go back there soon, and if they don't have that special, no worries because the menu had lots of delicious options.Definite 5 star review, and I can't wait to return with a friend :-)
<review# 5,isUSA=True>The owner of Zoroona messaged me on Yelp noting that I liked Mediterranean food and that I should check out his new spot.  When I walked in, I was surprised to see how nice the interior decor is.  They bring a rosemary bread to the table, which is awwwsome!  I ordered the Zoroona Chicken, lentil soup, and grape leaves.  All of it was very tasty, which means I will have to return and see what else they have to offer.  I have my eye on the lamb.If you want a change of routine from Albasha or Roman's, give this place a shot.  I'm glad I found a place to put in rotation with Zorba's, since my pocket book was getting upset with me.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Today is 8/30/14 I had my first visit to Fresh Kitchen and it's everything awesome I had about , the owner was very friendly to talk too , I got a very warm welcome when I walked in .. The staff was ready to answer questions .. I loved the dinner I got , calling all health and fitness people this is a awesome place to visit for very healthy choices !
<review# 7,isUSA=True>I've been a few times here.  The chicken. & gyro platters are great.  Usually served with feta salad and rice. Tabouli is good, but once I ordered moussaka as a side.  It was not good nor resembled the moussaka  I've had before.  Serope's is a great healthy alternative to much of Perkins Rowe.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This is a truly local toy store that has been in business for 30 years!   It's in a victorian house in mid city.   They make the most of their small space, so yes, its filled from floor to ceiling with toys and games.  Nicely organized into boys, dress up, art, dolls, girls, bath/water, games/animals, baby etc... each has its own space.  The prices are high (hence not the 5 stars), but the experience makes up for it if you can afford it.  Everyone is so nice.  They carry unique things and common things, and they wrap !!!!  Even at Christmas and they make the prettiest easter baskets in town.  I'm always wowed at how they put it together.  I've seen so many local stores close, this is the only one left.  Or else you are left with the dreaded big box stores or online.   I do also shop online but I never price check.  If they help me pick something out, I buy from them.  They don't have everything but you are sure to have a great experience here.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>The food is ALWAYS GREAT!! I eat here for lunch all the time since I work down the street.. Reasonably priced & large portions!! Best of all.. They are CONSISTENT!! Food is always fresh & fast too!!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>All you have to do is walk in the front door and take a deep breath to realize your taste buds are going to be in for a treat. My family loves the boudin balls and the boudin stuffed chickens. Everything looks and smells so good in this place!
