<review# 1,isUSA=True>How awesome is this place?!?! I lived just down the street for four years and just so happened to stumble in around valentine's day to see what it was about. Of course, considering the upcoming holiday, it was pretty busy, but not bad. All the girls working there were so nice. When I told one of them that was behind the counter that it was my first time stopping in, she got super excited and asked me what I would like to sample. They have SO MANY different things that it was a little overwhelming to choose, so she gave me what was her favorite--some kind of chocolate covered peanut butter thing. So of course it was fabulous. You can get different sized boxes and mix and match different chocolate covered wonderfulness, and they also have boxes already made up that give you a little bit of everything. They make up so many different kinds of..I don't even know what to call them. They have high heel shoes made out of chocolate. Chocolate that looks like lipstick. Stuff with Cleveland on it. If you're looking for something sweet to give someone, this is definitely the place to go to wow them. Unbelievable.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I love thin crust pizza- NY style pizza- and honestly the closest I've seen here is probably Vincenzas. PW suggested if I truly loved NY style to give Marotta's a shot. sooooo about a year later, i finally did!! I ordered carryout so I can't comment on the service, but as far as the pizza goes, it was damn good pizza.Was it thin enough for me to be satisfied that it was that "crispy, crunches when you take a bite out of it" crust? No, absolutely not. Pretty chewy and thicker than I would like. But, was the sauce delicious and did the pizza overall do it for me? Yes and Yes. I agree with PW in that I will likely ask for it well done the next time I go to see if it helps make it a bit crispier, but more than being a NY style pizza fan, I am a PIZZA fan and this was good pizza. And for $10 for a "small" pie of 6 generous slices of cheese pizza, I'd say it's worth it.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>This place is doggie heaven.  I bring my dogs hare for daycare and extended stays.  Daycare usually happens when they got way too much energy and a trip to the dog park or a long walk just wont do.  After a trip to the Hutt, they sleep for a couple days.  I'm positive they always have fun.  The dogs get excited when I ask them if they want to go to the Mutt Hutt and they get super wound up the minute we pull in.  They can't get in the door fast enough.  I'm also 100% confident that my dogs get the best care possible.  One of my dogs was abused by her previous owners.  When she falls back on her old coping techniques from the past, we know something's wrong and I've had problems with other places handling her bad times in the past.  After one of our cats passed and I also started working from home, the change in environment put some stress on her and she struggled in day care--she fell back on her old coping techniques.  The "pack leaders" saw this right away, called me, and we worked out a plan to rehab my dog's social skills.  A couple weeks later, and thanks to the Hutt's awesome staff, she was back to her happy self.  Overnight stays also seem to be stress free for my dogs.  It's a cage-free environment, which is very important as my previously abused dog cannot do cages (she was kept in a cage for the bulk of the time, daily).  It's a great experience that my dogs seem to love.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>They have great selections of craft beers here, and I love their table fries! It comes with three different dipping sauces and cooked with whole cloves of garlic and fresh rosemary. I love the garlic, but prepare to be a human repellent for a couple days because it will be seeping out of your pores!There is a pool table on the first floor that is coin-operated and a large basement, where events and bands play at. They used to offer a DJ with great music in the basement, but they ended that a couple years ago. I heard that it was due to the crowd rowdiness. Sad... Because it was the only "dance" type venue in Ohio City aside from the Touch Supper Club last Saturday of the month hip hop night.I had my graduation party here a few years back, and they are very accommodating! They gave us the entire back room area, and everyone had a good time with great service and delicious bites! I have attended several events in the basement, and they typically serve a variety of pizzas, table fries and the antipasto meat and cheese platter. Everything has always been delicious from here!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Wow. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on Yelp while searching for some decent barbeque. The place itself is small, but you are immediately hit with wonderful smells of something amazing happening in the kitchen. We were super hungry, so we ordered wings to start- carolina mustard vinegar sauce- DELICIOUS. The sauce was soooo flavorful with just the right amount of kick.For dinner, I got the "Philly not-so-cheese steak", made with beef brisket and it was incredible. Covered in melted cheese sauce and peppers. I also opted to try the greens rather than the fries it came with and I'm really glad I did. They were amazing as well. A little spicy but super flavorful. My boyfriend got the brisket with spicy barbeque sauce (which he said was also very good), and I tried his mac&cheese and it was delicious as well. Definitive gouda flavor....yummmm. We both ate so much we were uncomfortably full and still wanted to keep eating. Will definitely be back!!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Yeager Jewelers is in a nice little plaza in Westlake.  If you're stopping at the newly-opened Fleet Feet in the same plaza, pop over to Yeager and take a gander.This is not a pretentious jewelry store, but feels fancy as soon as your walk in.  There is a wide-variety of higher-end jewelry purchases to more moderate items.  If you're like me, and you appreciate nice things, I think you'll be sure to find something worth looking at in Yeager.  I'm not one who would even think twice about setting foot into a Kay, Rogers, or Jared's jewelry store.  I cannot stand the items these "big-box" stores or the people who work there.  I don't want to wear something that every yahoo on the street does; I prefer items that are more unique and unusual.Yeager offers a variety of unique items with more classic styles as well as new trends in jewelry.  I've made several purchases in the past few months, some for gifts and some for myself.  The employees are always kind and helpful, not pushy.  They don't try to "up-sell" you either.  I appreciate that I can come in, look around, and not feel pressured to buy something, and quite honestly, that makes me want to return again.I'll continue to return to Yeager to peruse and purchase.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>This place was fun. A place to dance with a very low DB factor.  Stiff drinks no pun intended. Restroom conversations were very different.Good music, a little on the euro side. Did not have to worry much about the girl or her mom. I kind of thought this may be a gay bar ,just saying.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Finding good pizza in Cleveland has proven to be something of a challenge. I moved here from NYC, my boyfriend moved from Chicago, so we have a pretty high standard of what pizza should taste like.Disclaimer: We only tried the traditional pizza with traditional sauce; we have yet to try to deep dish.We started with side salads, me grilled chicken pecan with balsamic vinaigrette and he with ceasar salad. His was okay, traditional caesar sald and dressing. My salad was incredible! It is made with: Spinach-Romaine Mix, Grilled Chicken, Sweet Glazed Pecans, Red Onion, Roma Tomato. Let me first start by saying they did not skimp out on any of the toppings. It almost felt like a full salad rather than a side dish. The candied pecans were amazing and so many of them too.After the salads we shared a large pepperoni pizza. The crust was a perfect thinness with a enough crunch on the outside but still had a soft chewy center. The only issue I had with the crust was that I think when you hold up a slice of pizza and eat it with one hand (especially one as small as these pieces were) it should be able to stay up. However, with this pizza crust, as it went toward the center of the pie it got very greasy and droopy.  I can only guess they must cook it on the pan that it's served in rather than placing directly on the oven surface.When you are choosing your pizza you have the option to select between several types of sauce and toppings. We chose a simple traditional sauce and pepperoni. The sauce was very good and there was an ample amount of pepperoni, enough for every slice.My biggest issues with the pizza was the droop factor and the size of the pizza. We ordered a large since it has 8 slices thinking there would be plenty to eat later that night after going out. But the pie was more like a small than a large. The 8 slices were still there, just very small slices.Overall, this is definitely one of the better pizza places I have experienced in Cleveland and will definitely be back here again.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I lived in Miami before coming to Cleveland and thank god for this place. Cuban sandwich and sweet plantains and I'm in heaven. The prices are criminally cheap and a small sandwich was enough for lunch and dinner for me. The staff is super friendly too. I can't wait to come back and try everything!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>as with most reviews, i start out with the caveat of, i'm vegetarian. however, this time i really don't have to. which is kinda even more amazing since this is a french restaurant. french food is not known to be vegetarian friendly. in fact, quite the opposite.i asked the waiter like a million questions about the menu. he was helpful and patient, as i changed my mind three times.i wanted to try everything on the menu that was vegetarian but given that i had to stay within some sort of reasonable budget, i went for an appetizer and a side, the "french toast" and the crispy breaded cauliflower. wow they were both super tasty. the french toast, i can't even describe the flavors in my mouth. it was light and fluffy, with balsamic drizzle, mushroom ragout and buttery sauce. it just melts in your mouth. the cauliflower, cripsy and breaded is pretty self descriptive.my friend had the mussels. she said they were good.i really never go to these fancy places. the most i can stomach to pay for a meal is 30/person. if i were to dine as usual without regard for the prices, this would have been easily a 50/person sort of place for me. or more. i have a feeling i'll be back though, but probably on a special occasion.
