<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'2', u'5', u'4']>I've been to Yasmine's about 3 times. I like getting takeout from there. Their lamb is delicious. Big tender chunks served up with rice and salad. Their kabobs come with a delicious garlic sauce that I could seriously bathe in. I know that might be gross...but it's that good! Try the pita and hummus for an appetizer. Yasmine's is serious when it comes to great food.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'3', u'5', u'3']>Great addition the UNM area! The staff is always friendly, the cookies are fantastic, and I love that I can have peanut butter flavored milk!! The atmosphere is also pretty awesome. I'd give them 5 stars but I feel the prices on some things are a bit high and they could offer some more exciting cookie options.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'1', u'5', u'6']>The Rockin Poboy is wicked good! Only available at the 4th St location. It's not on the menu either. I hit this place for lunch only when I'm REALLY hungry. It'll cost you $17 but its worth every penny. Get the large size. You won't need to eat dinner after one of these babies. So actually you're getting two meals for one. The bun is made up the street and is always fresh. A nice crispy exterior and soft interior. Don't forget the deep fried mac n cheese. Scrumptious little morsels of love! Great friendly service here too. Enjoy!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'4', u'4', u'5']>Bigger cities like Chicago and NY are chock full of gastropubs like The Stumbling Steer. This basically means house-brewed beers coupled with a chef's slightly experimental, kind of trendy take on comfort food classics. Reading the reviews here, however, it looks like ABQ is not ready for [begin sarcasm] wild and crazy culinary forays like green chile relish on a green chile burger and "unmelted" cheese on a sandwich that is literally called caprese... and.. whooaaaaaa ... vertigo-inducing maneuvers like a constantly changing menu, 'unsauced but flavored' chicken wings - and, and, and they don't even bring ketchup unless you remember to ask for it! Gosh darn it, Albuquerque, this is why we can't have nice things. Now, back to reality: SS's beer is legit, with a lot of fun options and a great bottle selection if you don't share their brewing tastes. The food is even better. Huge beef ribs with Vietnamese flavor that isn't cloyingly sweet, served with noodle salad that is actually spicy. Steak frites that are executed perfectly (med-rare for me) - served with a chimichurri sauce that was so good I wanted to take it home with me, & w/ plantains instead of fries (nice touch). Green chile mac and cheese carbonara ($12!) that's rich and creamy and the only way that I want to die. My brother and mother loved their NY strips (a steal at $23 each). Chicken fried in duck fat and chicken gravy really takes their chicken-&-waffles to another level. SS even has $4 glasses of house wine if you're on a budget and not in the mood for beer. 3 stars is stooopid for a place this good - how embarrassing. Easily a 5-star establishment.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'2', u'5', u'5']>I didn't know what to expect from a Nepalese place, but was somewhat pleasantly surprised to see that it was more or less Indian food. I can dig that.Lunch specials had very generous proportions. I had the sizzler plate, since it seemed to offer a little of everything. Was not disappointed, the food was tremendous. Date had the paneer, and it was also very good. I was a little disappointed with what they had on the menus as a "Himalayan Lemonade," which turned out to be nothing more than pink lemonade with whip cream on top.Pretty quiet when we were here. Nice, open and airy interior. Service was very attentive, and they have ample parking.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'4', u'8', u'6']>My husband and I had date night here last night. We were pleased to have been seated at a table near the live music. The restaurant was dimly lit and our service was spot on, which is very important for us. Our dinner was amazing. The bread served seemed to have been freshly baked and the garlic oil dipping sauce was heavenly. We started off with the crab cakes for our appetizer. We devoured them! My husband liked his wedge salad and my watercress salad was alright. The beets really balanced out the peppery kick of the watercress. Our steaks (husband had the New York and I had the filet) were cooked to perfection BUT the star dish for us was the adult mac and cheese au gratin! Our waiter gave us the option of customizing the dish by adding different ingredients. We decided to add green chiles and it was spectacular!!! When it came out, I was a little hesitant since the sauce looked a little runny but don't let that hold you back! It had a great kick of spiciness, which we love. Phenomenal if you like a kick of spice!!! If cost is not an issue for you, this is a special gem for a great occasion. (P.S. This restaurant is a participant of restaurant.com)
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'3', u'7', u'4']>Everything about Vinaigrette is fresh. The food, the drinks, the atmosphere. It is such a vibrant place.The salads are nice and crisp. You won't find any bad leafy greens here like you might in another restaurant. That is my one big thing about salads in general. It's hard to find a place that has consistently crispy ingredients, but this place does.The soups are just plain delicious. I have ordered 3 different soups here (gumbo, black bean puree, and another). Each was sooo good, flavorful, and obviously home-made. Worth getting a cup of soup on the side.The sandwiches are hearty. Even if you get a "lunch couple", as they call their half and half option, you will have plenty of sandwich to satisfy your craving. The breads, meats, and cheeses blend very well together.The drinks are refreshing. Light and not oversweetened like a lot of places are. Try the jasmine tea - I wish I knew where they buy their tea. The Vinny Palmer is so much better than a normal "Arnold Palmer". And the Peppino. So much better than I expected it to be. Just enough cucumber and lime with club soda.Hopefully this place will be around a lot longer, and maybe even another location here in town?? Maybe up near Tramway?? :D
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'6', u'15', u'11']>Got a great dog that was hit by a  car and I will help him come back to a full recovery..Hes a great dog that just needs a loving family and I have that. He loves being out of dog jail..His name is Major..will add photos later when he gets better..
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'4', u'3', u'7']>Big thank you to everyone involved in making this happen. What a great way to spend the evening - wandering from nosh to nosh, talking and visiting and laughing at Howie in that hat. I mean, does it get any better than that hat?  All the food was good but I loved the green chile cheese burger the best, and yes, maybe I love the guy who made it a little bit. He was sweet. On a night like that, you've got a busted heart if you don't love a stranger a little bit.  Can't wait for the next event.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,funny-useful-cool=[u'4', u'5', u'3']>I had heard both good and bad about this place, so I decided to give it a shot.  I had read a couple questionable reviews on other sites questioning the service.  I could see the potential for bad service - everybody kind of hangs around this computer in the corner, and then hike all the way across the restaurant to tell you to seat yourself.  I felt like it was an awkward start, but things improved quickly.I had the biscuits and gravy.  The most misleading plate I have ever seen (in a great way).  It was a heaping skillet piled high with hashbrowns, sausage, eggs, and of course - biscuits and gravy.  So good - I have been craving a second visit all weekend. The dinner menu looks to be this hodge podge of different menus throughout the week.  I am sure Gordon Ramsay would disapprove, but I think it works - Corrales is too small, and the variety helps in the long run, I bet.The only complaint was the noise.  They had two TVs in the cornr, and you could actually hear the college football.  I felt the TVs were out of place for the concept.  Additionally, the sound conflicted with the too loud background music, which was a strange blend of yanni and techno.Overall, I say a 3.5 to 4.  The potential for greatness is there.
