<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/24/2014,16,213,1,4,3>I am a happy camper tonight, thanks to the to go foods from Hidalgo. The aroma in the dining hall makes me want to order everything. The portion is good size and not obese size. Lengua en salsa crotilla is melt in your mouth and not too tomatoey. Aka Beef tongue. Comparing to xitomate, the decor here is more basic but homey. There is an outdoor patio for sun lovers. Not me. The Mexican music is blaring in the background. They should have had salsa dance night. I didn't try the magarita or any other drinks. I will be back next week.Finally I came back to El Hidalgo again. This time I tried the margarita on the rock. It is pretty strong. My alcoholic tolerance level is around four glasses of red wine and two shots. By the time we finished our dinner and got up to leave the restaurant, I needed my husband's arm to hold on. Best margarita!I also got bitten by Snake Bites. It should be served with water. We were in excruciating and burning pain. I could only take half of the habernaros  chile. The Argentinian steak is ok but the chimchurri sauce is different than what I used to, with olive oil, vinegar and herbs. It is more like salsa verde here. I finished my dinner with Tres leche cake is delicious. I am not sure if it was supposed to have sweetened evaporated milk pouring in top or not. The icing on the cake is almost like less dense creme brûlée. The waitress is very nice. Bravo!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/23/2014,55,370,1,7,3>When my goddaughter said she wanted pizza for her birthday, I started looking for the best pizza in Baltimore. Yelp led me here, and I was not disappointed!+Neighborhood: charming, quiet and easy to find a parking spot.+Order: at the counter, but pay after you eat. Easy and convenient.+Crust: thin and beautifully blistered from the oven.+Toppings: fresh and high-quality. She had plain cheese and I went with a more adventurous white sauce and spicy sausage. Both were excellent.+Salad: the mixed greens was fantastic, especially the thinly sliced, crispy-chewy baked eggplant and juicy artichoke hearts. Dressing was perfectly seasoned, too.+Decor: a few shelves of Italian groceries made the place feel homey and casual, though they were pretty pricey ($8 for a can of tuna!) +Bonus: I loved the cruet on the table: you could dispense extra-virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar or a mix of both according to your proportional preferences.Prices were fair: $40 fed 2, but really 3 since my husband ate the other half of my pizza and salad for dinner.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,11/22/2014,71,156,3,5,3>Definitely a hidden treasure of West Baltimore. Tucked away in Catonsville is a non chain restaurant offering as much local flair as it does traditionalism in German culture. Named after the classic car, Duesenberg or "The Duesey", upon entering you'll be taken aback by the pint size restaurant itself sporting classic car decor and "elbows on the table" charm. The food: oh boy! Don't visit with expectations for the finest china or dining ambiance, it is all about the food here. Not quite divey but definitely not gourmet, Duesenberg's offers an all American menu ...in a binder! It's almost hard to make a selection as you flip through page after page of what seems like a never ending catalog of goods. You try looking around the place and you'll no doubtlessly find SOMEONE has ordered pancakes or a sandwich, which struggles to cling to the plate it's so big. Onto my experience: my brunch dates were my 4 year old son w discriminating taste and my best friend of 20+ years. She and I, too hungry to go adventurous and too broke to go for the gusto (she came in wanting the Chesapeake but it's hefty price tag made her say nevermind!) we both ordered the shrimp salad. I had mine on a roll, she on a green salad. The portions here are ridiculous! Heaps of delicious, fresh food piled on your plate, you wonder where to start digging in first?! My little guy ordered pancakes, thank goodness the waitress advised we reduce his order for a short-stack to only one flapjack bc that bad boy was ginormous. My son has a healthy appetite and can demolish at least two cakes at most places, at Duesenberg's he failed the challenge at half...and mama was more than delighted to finish it for me. Delicious! Perfect pancakes is all I will say. My shrimp salad perfect. The service to be expected, young guys and girls happy to help, moderately forgetful but kind and hardworking to say the least. Give this place a try if you're in the area, it's worth the finagling to get to during the funny business hours!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,11/21/2014,42,207,1,6,5>We were skeptical about the fact that this little bar in our neighborhood would have such a good burger but we were surprised. This little place, although packed downstairs, had an empty quiet upstairs that the 4 of us had to ourselves. It was great! Strengths were cheap beer, fresh food especially a great burger and, friendly accommodating service! Perfect for a low key, no bells-and-whistles evening. Weakness was the margarita - could hardly taste the alcohol!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/20/2014,73,124,5,8,5>Village Nails how do I love thee!!!!!! let me start of by saying. I am extremely particular about going to nail salons. I usually don't go. I rely on my glam artist to do my nails. Most nail salon have a quantity over quality attitude and a lot of them are not the very clean. This is FARRRRR from the truth when it comes to Village Nails.  Nestled in the quaint shopping and dining area of Mt. Washington. Village Nails sits on the corner of  Newbury st. You will drive right past if you don't know where you are going. I sure did my first time there. Parking is tough but if  you drive up the block a bit you can usually find metered (free after 6) parking by the Baltimore Clayworks.       Once inside you will be immediately greeted and your wait time is relatively short. I usually go to one particular technician, he was "my first"  Tee Hee and he did such a excellent job I see no need to use anyone else. The facility is clean the tools are sterile before they are used and the pedi basins are thoroughly cleaned before each use. You will be offered a hot or cold beverage, Coffee, Tea, water or wine, while you enjoy your spa deluxe pedi (worth the splurge).                Every time I am here the patrons are usually regulars, everyone is happy, chatting with their technician and admiring their perfect mani and pedi.  I recently stopped into the spa the day of my sisters baby shower. I just so happened to be the hostess and planner of the shower. I NEEDED a minute of me time before the shower, my pedi was gorgeous! My technician made a color suggestion that really complimented my skin. WAIT IT GETS BETTER!!!! A week after the baby shower I traveled over seas to spend 10 days with family. I walked around in flip flops,sandals and barefoot all the time, on the beach and on the road. I was hard on my feet! Well I am back home and I have had my polish on for  4 weeks and my toes are still gorgeous. NO LIE!!!!!!. That shows you cheap polish is not used here. I love coming here and hope the standard never change.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/19/2014,10,89,5,6,5>Had dinner here last night.  I haven't been going to AT's much since Papi's opened. (It's the same ownership just 1 block closer to my house and I'm super lazy.)They currently have a great Restaurant Week menu, good happy hour/lunch specials and overall a fun bar in the heart of Fells Point.  The dining room is separate from the bar which is nice and while the downstairs bar can be a little cramped when it's busy the upstairs bar is always open and has plenty of fun games and a Wii.  Their brunch menu is also one of the best in the neighborhood.  They don't do the bottomless drinks like other places but they also don't charge $20 for eggs.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/18/2014,131,146,4,6,4>What an awesome building to add to help welcome everyone in Baltimore off BWI parkway. I was a casino virgin and felt in complete grandeur when Hubby and I entered. We are advocates for social justice and social responsibility so the trip here was kind of bitter sweet. We were invited to a lovely event and remained focused on that.Parking: Its massive and its free. We did have to drive around a bit to find a spot but nothing to put us in a bad mood before even entering the door.Getting through the door: We arrived around 8:45 on a Thursday Night. No line.  Great service began at the door with cleaning ladies who were truly delightful. Score one for me, as I still looked young enough to be carded (long story...but just celebrate with me)First Impression Shockers: Well this was like a classy hooters. Women were dressed in my fun lingerie outfits serving drinks. Well amen ladies. Breast and thighs everywhere! I  couldn't help but notice how I was just about the only ditz smiling in this establishment (outside of the staff who I expect to smile as it is their job). Folks were looking sullen. Security was looking like I was the next cash bandit. Restaurants: We walked through Sanchez's spot but missed the event. (yes i was late...i have 5 kids, brand new business and i'm pregnant...shut up) We went to Guy's restaurant, where we were greeted by the sweetest team of young hostesses/waitresses. The Casino team was wonderfully accommodating to our gluten free & Preggo needs. We had these AMAZING lollipop Old Bay Wings. YUMMY!!! I also had the mac and cheese burger slider. We finally sashayed over to Duff's restaurant for dessert on the opposite of Guy's. The steak was excellently cooked but lacked flavor. Actually that was true for the slider at the other place too. It all just needed a touch of flavor...then perfecto! THE PUMPKIN/CARROT CAKE CUPCAKES WERE HEAVAN ON EARTH. OMG. I could have chocked the person who took the last one that I was waddling toward. Literally, in my mind i was going for the throat but then the security, who had already pegged me as SUSPECT, would have tackled me and that would have been a mess. So....i had one.MAIN EVENT: The slots. So like a beginner, I came to the casino ziplock bag of change and dollars in my pocky-book, one that I must mention was going  to be big enough for me to cash in my $2,000 winnings that I had envisioned.  Welp yelpers, you can't put change into the slot machines. Huge Bummer for me. I had my thoughts set on the Penny slots that I had long heard of. So relegated to my few saved dollars I hit the slot. It was fun hitting the button and pulling the bar thingy. Did I win? Nope. In fact one of the machines stole my dollar and didn't even let me play! BUT lucky for this establishment, I was in a fun "happy to be out with my hubby" mood.Yelp's Octoberfest was truly awesome. We were grateful for the red carpet treatment given by the staff. Food and giveaways were truly a delightful touch.Oh I'm sure the host would love if I mention that this month (October) they are running a Total Rewards promotion where if you lose up to $500 they will reimburse you with a $500 credit to go play again.You know what I would like to see too from this place as they get established: A HUGE GIVE BACK to the CITY Initiative. I'd like to see how they are proactively (and preventatively) working to make this a good thing for city and not furthering the gap between the haves and have nots.Venue is massive and exciting. You know what would be great? A brochure/flyer offered at the entrance for "First-timers" that explains everything. I was just overwhelmed and confused much of the time.  No one was really winning. Joy was kind of lacking. Are people supposed to be winning?
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,11/17/2014,80,198,3,7,4>Phubs...solid food, fast and tasteyMy wife and I had a craving for some some Vietnamese food, but wanted it quick... Phubs to the rescue. When you first walk in you are greeted by a semi-extensive menu... from beef, to pork to veggies.. there is pretty much everything on the menu. After looking over the menu my wife ordered a Noodle bowl with no meat but extra tofu or veggies since she is vegetarian. They were kind and curtious with the changes or customization that we were making, so star for that. I ordered a BBQ chicken Banh Mi... I was in the mood for something bready but yet meatly and flavorful... and the Banh Mi did not disappoint. Once you order you take your number and sit where you would like and they bring the food out to you. While getting drinks and a place to sit we found their condiments bar!! This was great, they offer a whole range of items, jalapenos, bean sprouts, cilantro, etc etc so you can mix and match to your hearts content. So we picked up a plate full of condiments and our drinks and waited for our food. Moments later our food comes out and we are ready to dive in... well after the necessary yelp checkin and picture!!The Noodle Bowl was great with the noodles being the best part, which they should. It was done well with a good amount of flavor and texture to keep you coming back for another bite. The portion size wasn't bad either, for 8 bucks it was filling enough and the sauce they provided was decent as well. So stars for the noodle bowl and making it veggie friendly!The Banh mi was really good, The chicken was nicely done with a good amount of bbq flavor without dumping BBQ sauce all over the sandwich. The bread was good, not has crispy or crusty as I like but it was good. The rest of the sandwich was solid as well, it came with a whole host of fixins and you could add anything from the condiment bar (jalapenos anyone!!) The size was ok, wish it was a little bigger but they put a decent amount of chicken in the sandwich so it all evens out! Overall the experience was a good one, where we felt we got good food at a good value with solid service. So grab your chopsticks or banh mi, Phubs is pho-sure the place to eat!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,11/16/2014,53,138,1,17,13>Absolutely fabulous meal and the service was great!  The chicken tikka masala was tender and full of flavor, not too salty, thankfully!!! The lamb had just the right amount of heat and our veggie dishes were flavorful as well. The waiter brought out dal and a paneer dish to try, which I would consider ordering next time!  Our husbands ordered dessert which was surprisingly good. I love the hint of rose from the rose water used in the dish. Great replacement from the previous restaurant...we will likely be regulars!  Portions are extremely generous which is perfect for leftovers.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/15/2014,49,138,3,13,5>Holy moly! Praise the BBQ gods! Finally a legit (and consistent) BBQ joint in HoCo for the people, and discriminating grillers&smokers like me.Came here on opening day for lunch and was very glad that I decided to call ahead for carryout. There was a line out the door on a warm day and the staff were graciously bringing samples and refreshments out to patiently waiting customers (which comprised of a significant % of servicemen and women - very neat). As I am wont to do with new restaurants, I ordered a little of everything. Bypassing the line and going through the side door for carryout only, I got to take in the open interior. Behind the counter, a huge entourage of staff, everyone hard at work to keep the customers happy. The rest of the space is adorned with all manner of military memorabilia on display, honoring our armed forces. Given the packed dining room and growing lunch line, I was pretty impressed with how smooth Mission's operation was running, especially on their first day.Here's the breakdown of what I got and what I thought:Meats:*Bay-B-Back Ribs - hardest to pull off for any BBQ joint IMHO. Perfect texture and awesome flavor - slathered with the house-made Old Bay BBQ sauce. So far the best ribs you can get, not made in your backyard*Brisket (wet) - outstanding, GREAT with any sauce*Pulled pork - moist with great flavor*Turkey - lean, moist, tender, and incredibly tasty. Anyone's who's ever worked with turkey knows what a feat that is.while missing that significant smoke ring, everything was pleasantly smoky and juicy regardless.Sides:*Mac n Cheese - good but not great*Baked Beans w/brisket - smoky, saucy, meaty, excellent*Green Beans & Bacon - exceptional, tender, and a ton of flavor without beating you over the head with it*Cold Slaw - about average*Fresh Cut Fries - very solid fries*Cornbread - good but not great*Banana Pudding - yum!The sauces! Of the 7 or 8 I tried, my favorites were the Bay-B-Que and the Smoky Mountain. The others were certainly no slouches. Mostly on the sweeter side, but enough with some bold, tangy flavors to please most people. As a hothead, I would've enjoyed something with a little more heat though.It was definitely noticed and appreciated that MBBQ could've easily (but didn't) oversalt and overseason their offerings. In many cases I felt like they used a lot of restraint to allow for some of the natural flavorings to stand out instead of drowning everything in sauce and rub.If you want solid and consistent BBQ with great sides, great sauces, great service, great prices, and all for a great cause, look no further.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/14/2014,102,155,8,9,6>I haven't dined in here for years, but I am happy to report Mekong Delta has gotten...BETTER.1. They switched from square to round bowls! I liked square, but round gives my hungry mouth quicker access to that broth underneath the noodles mmm...2. They were BUSY. It was lunch and they were packed. Good for them, they added a young woman and older grandpa to the staff, and the staff worked really well together. They covered for each other, it was seamless.3. They do shared seating! That's bringing it to NYC level popularity-when you are so desperate for the food you don't even care who you eat with. I came in and the owner brokered something with a guy taking up a 4 person table by himself and next thing you know I was seated there with no wait-sweet. We ate without saying a word to each other, immersed in our own bowls. The stranger happily said "have a great day!" as he left, and I knew he would too. Because of what was in our stomachs. The quality of broth and noodles that somehow absorb the broth so well--is just as good as ever. After going here, you do feel like it puts other phos in their place. When you find yourself digging desperately for all the last pieces of noodles and whimpering (under your breath of course) because the broth is almost finished, you know you've found pho that's hard to come by.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,11/13/2014,240,594,1,6,5>Wow. Was very impressed by the food and service at Broadway Diner!To put things in perspective, I strongly dislike diners. I feel that the vast menu lends to poor food quality. I also feel like the service is typically very off putting. Broadway diner proved both of those sterotypes wrong.The server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She knew what ingredients were in each sauce. She was attentive and constantly refilling not only our coffee but our creamer as well.The seafood jambalaya was absolutely salty seafoody goodness with a GENEROUS lobster tail (yes, an entire tail), many average-sized scallops, and several XXL shrimp. DELISH! The portion was also huge and I had lunch the next day :)The chicken and waffles on the regular menu (not the Tues-Thurs menu) was chicken tenders (boneless) and 1 large waffle. The chicken tenders were about average but the waffle was perfect with a thin crispy layer on the outside and chewy/soft on the inside.The dessert display was horribly huge, temping, and chocolatey. We didn't have room but will be stopping by soon to try the Boston Cream pie!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/12/2014,43,311,3,3,1>Another of my cupcake research visits (you're welcome) was a find! Very creative flavors that--surprisingly--don't suffer from being too clever by half. The sweet potato cupcake, for example, was dense and delicious. They're square, which is unusual, but who cares? Do you eat a cupcake for shape? No. No, you don't. You (meaning I) eat it for moist, rich cake and sweet but not cloying or chalky frosting. These fit the bill completely.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,11/11/2014,145,325,3,7,5>When I was an undergrad at Hopkins, I remember Vaccaro's being one of the "to go" places.  But this was a good amount of time ago; at the time, Harbor East wasn't quite as bustling as it is now, Baltimore had a fairly weak fine dining scene, and many of today's big dessert players (like Pitango) had yet to come by.  So as Baltimore grew and changed... I explored many of the newer, trendier places the city had to offer and somehow Vaccaro's was pushed to a forgotten corner of my brain.Fast forward to a few days ago.  My old roommate came by and visited Baltimore and so I went out to eat and catch up with some other friends.  We had a great dinner but decided we wanted dessert.  Unfortunately, it was getting kind of late... and as it was a Saturday night, we knew that places like Fells Point would be jam packed; it certainly wouldn't be worth braving the crowds and street construction in the area to satisfy our sweets craving.Somehow, we remembered Vaccaro's and decided that while it might still be crowded, finding parking probably wouldn't be as bad and decided to drive to Little Italy.  We actually found space fairly quickly about a block away.  The shop was packed and we had to wait for a bit but we ended up getting seated after a short wait.  There were five of us so we decided to order "The Original Colosseo" which is a Belgian waffle served with Vanilla Gelato, topped with strawberries, wet nuts, and whipped cream.  And just for the fun of it, we picked up a few cannolis.We waited for little bit... and then it came.  The Colosseo.  In all its glory and wonder.  No, seriously... other people in the dining room literally stopped what they were doing and stared as the server was carrying the massive dessert to its destination.  Some people audibly said things like, "Oh wow... what is that?"  And deservedly so.  It was HUGE.  I honestly did not remember it being so big.  It was good but was still clearly a challenge for our table (we still hadn't recovered from dinner.... and we found out after ordering that one of our party was actually fasting sweets for Lent but forgot to mention that to us... haha).  It was good though.  It's like an ice cream sundae except on a more epic scale.  I didn't even have room to touch the cannoli.  My friend who did try it wasn't that big a fan, saying the cream was too grainy.  So, my trip there reminded me again why so many people loved Vaccaro's back in the day (and still today).  While there may be other newer, trendier dessert places in the city, it'd be a mistake to count out Vaccaro's.  For sheer dessert decadence, there's not much else in the city that would come close to Vaccaro's.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/10/2014,21,113,2,7,5>I am a fan - I came here instead of going to Pho Saigon. I hold both places with high regard in terms of getting pho. The spring rolls were fresh - I value fresh ingredients over a lot of things of other factors when dining out, so that was a plus. On the downside, a little more variety in the spring roll would have been nice. The peanut sauce dipping sauce was delicious though.Onto the pho -twas delicious. I am glad I am one with the majority of people who say this place rocks! The server (i think he was the owner) was very polite too.I was in and out of there in 30 minutes. That pho was delicious. I will be back.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/9/2014,6,107,1,5,5>This place is brand new (Sept '14), opened in what used to be a waffle place. The owners are brand new (not the same people). Their menu consists of waffles, but also has expanded to much more than just coffee and waffles. Their specialty advertised is SNOW ICE. In my opinion, when I'm craving something really sweet - I'm more of an ice cream person. The snow ice is very light, and after you're done eating - you're not quite full. So - great for the health conscious people, but I still prefer something a little heavier like bingsoo at least =) At least if I'm paying $5 for something like it...?The location is a little off of Rt. 40, and not visible from the main road. But there's enough parking in their private lot for lots of cars. Due to the location, and there being so many Korean/Asian bakeries and cafes in Ellicott City, they are trying to stand out as different with their snow ice (found in the West Coast, but not really in MD).I go mainly for iced lattes (coffee drinks) and to just bum and do work/study. There's adequate seating, but probably would be uncomfortable with groups of more than 6, due to the way the seats are. There are some booths, and smaller round tables. There's enough outlets as well along the side wall - FREE WIFI (always a plus!) This is a plus compared to other places without free wifi or that "studying atmosphere" -- it's pretty quiet here... also has to do with less foot traffic in and out though.I kinda rotate between a few of the Korean bakeries for coffee, but I'll be sure to come back once in a while. Looks like they're trying a bunch of things and promoting as they just opened... At least the interior looks nice! I think the back of the restaurant could use a bookshelf or something "pretty" on the walls? I think I saw a heater or air filter type of thing... my friend and I thought that if they worked on making it look less "Korean" in the back side, they could do much better to have customers come back.PS: A plus is that the cashiers speak fluent English (and are young, so I've seen). That's always good too, so the customers aren't all Koreans, but diverse! =)
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/8/2014,21,59,2,4,5>Newks is a great addition to the area and a perfect lunch or dinner spot for a yummy, casual meal. Their menu is extensive and the food is always fresh and delicious. Sometimes I'm in the mood for their yummy soups or sandwiches, and other times I love their pizzas, which taste better than your typical Italian restaurant pizzas. Oh, and I can't forget their delicious sweet tea!  It rivals Chick Fil A's tea for sure.The staff are always warm and friendly, and you often see managers circulating the store cleaning tables, refilling lemons, and checking in with customers. You really can't go wrong eating here, unless you just don't try it!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,11/7/2014,43,62,2,6,7>So happy to have found our go-to local seafood place in Annapolis!  We had a delicious and fresh seafood dinner at Wild Country Seafood this past weekend.  There is only seating outside the restaurant so I suggest coming on a good weather day.Order the fresh oysters when they are in season (which is summer time)!  These were the biggest and juiciest oysters I have ever had and I have eaten oysters all over (New Orleans, Key West, etc).  The oyster meat were so big they were falling off the shell.  The fish tacos were also good.  The fish was fresh and the salsa had a good flavor.The only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars is because of the rockfish sandwich.  The fish patty itself was thin and too fishy.  The bread was too thick.  There will definitely be a next time. We will probably cater our seafood party from this place as well.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,11/6/2014,496,104,5,5,4>FYI, NOT a hotel. But that wouldn't stop me from wanting to stay here! They are always warm and welcoming and I have never had a bad meal here. The drinks are generous and they carry my favorite blueberry vodka. They also happen to carry my favorite bartender in Fells (yay Jess!) and I'll happily keep coming back. They play live music a couple of nights a week so it can get a little loud if you're seated in the front room downstairs, however, you can sit in the back room or ether of the two large and welcoming rooms upstairs. They will play the games for you on any of their many tv's and often with sound. There are two more bars upstairs so even if people are spilling onto the street, try heading up for a table for your whole party, large or small. Cheers!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/5/2014,27,211,3,5,6>Sometimes I wonder if there's a thing called "too much ice cream" then I slap myself awake because... um, no there isn't. Forget Baskin Robbin's man, this place is ridiculous. Not just flavors, but INTERESTING flavors and lots of them. At least 40, as well as sandwiches and snacks too.I had an ice cream sandwich, my husband got a milkshake (that he'd been craving since Burger Brothers was out of chocolate). My ice cream was an espresso/choco with bits of brownie and cookie in it. Delightful.I'm not out that way often, but it would be my go to ice cream spot if I were nearby. The walls are covered with pictures of people either in the shop or with the store's trademark sticker from around the globe. Pretty interesting. The staff was really friendly and patient while I paced back and forth and up and down trying to figure out what in the heck I wanted.The freezers look to be on their last legs, I wager this place has been around for quite a while. They HAD to be from the 70's!! Otherwise, please check this place out the next time you're around.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,11/4/2014,68,146,5,5,5>The decor falls in line with his other rustic style places - unique and farmhouse style - which is great for the Belvedere Square area, as there is nothing like it on the York Road corridor.  There is something for everyone here.  The first floor has country-style wooden booth and a large front bar with plenty of seats for all who are interested in a few of their boozy milkshakes, slushies or any of their fancy cocktails. Upstairs has a tables, creating a pastoral dinning room feel.We followed the DINER sign made of mason jars and headed down the stairs for  counter service.  I really enjoyed the luncheonette style area, which is just steps away from a children's play room to keep all the small ones entertained while they wait for their dinner.The menus double as placemats, just like all of my favorite diners from when I was a kid, including a "blue plate special".  I must say, it was a little hard to follow; it's separated into sections, but there are not a lot of descriptive words to describe dishes like "Arkansas Truffles" and "Kentucky Hot John".  But, our waiter must be used to it because he asked if we had any questions and quickly explained that the truffles were fried pickles and the hot John is a vegetarian version of the open-faced Kentucky Hot Brown.I haven't met a fried pickle I haven't loved - so we started with the Arkansas Truffles.  Thin butter pickles fried crispy, and served with the house hot sauce ("Snake Oil") ranch dip.  It was a great start along with the house made chips with scour cream and sweet roasted onion and garlic dip. Both were good, not necessarily worth going back for, but we finished them nonetheless.Now, let me tell you about the good part.  They have an extensive wine and cocktail list, especially for a diner.  It felt a little strange to be sitting on a shiny spinning stool drinking my glass of Pinot Noir, but it didn't stop me from ordering a second glass.We both ordered from the large plate section of the menu. It was a very cold rainy, almost snowy "spring" day, so I went for the Spaghetti Bolognese.  The pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente and the sauce was gorgeously meaty and just the right about of herbs and spice.  The large chunks of garlic bread were crispy and buttery, just like it should be.  And for reals, take nice long look at all of that thinly shaved parmesan cheese - are you kidding me?  My friend thoroughly enjoyed the Chicken and Dumplings.  This is not your classic creamy chicken and dumplings, so if you are looking for creamy soup with floating biscuits, skip it and order something else - like the rib or breakfast all day.  We asked about it beforehand and were pleasantly surprise.  The broth tasted like the chicken had been simmering for hours (which was confirmed by the chef - roasted first and then simmered in the broth overnight).  There were creamy ricotta gnocchi mixed with tons of chicken, potatoes, mushrooms and seasonal veggies.  It was aromatic with thyme and bursting with flavor.So... now, on to dessert.  My friend, loves molasses, so she couldn't pass up the Shoofly Pie.  As I said earlier - this was not for me so, I didn't even taste it.  She said it was good, subtle and sweet; made in-house in true Pennsylvania Dutch fashion by Spike's wife and baker Amy Gjerde.  Although, she could not keep her spoon out of my Paw Paw Brownie Split.  Paw Paw, according to our adorable waiter, is a local MD fruit that grows on a tree, kinda like a cacao fruit.  The fruit is green with orange, creamy custardy flesh that has a sweet banana style taste.  They churn the ice cream in-house made directly from Paw Paw fruit.  Do you see this lip-smaking goodness?  A ooey gooey brownie on top of a house made sour cherry jam, and then smothered in whipped cream, hot fudge and of course - two scoops of Paw Paw ice cream.It was reasonably priced, but not quite diner prices - two appetizers, two entrees, two deserts and four glasses of wine for just over $100.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/3/2014,219,293,9,13,9>I got 1 word for this place: MARVELOUS.I came here yesterday for lunch and the food was wonderful.Food trucks can either be a gimmick or the real deal. I've been to numerous food trucks including a food truck festival a couple years ago and found that there were only 3 food trucks I really loved. This is 1 of them.I tried ordering her Oxtails but she ran out and told me she'll have more by Thursday (Tomorrow). I was sad because that was the main thing I wanted! But I was also happy because she had other choices to choose from. So I ordered myself a Goat Curry with Rice & Beans and Mac N Cheese. I also got BBQ Chicken (Dark meat) and Jerk Chicken with the same sides. I saw that she had some glass bottles of Jamaican Ginger Beer and some Champagne Kola so I got those too. Altogether was like 30 bucks. For 3 people? Sounds pretty good. When I held those bags full of food while walking back to the car, they had some weight to it! And it smelled so damn good.When I went back and shared the food with my brother and dad (Dad is not open minded when it comes to foreign cuisine) hence why I got the BBQ chicken because it was the only dish that SEEMED like it didn't have a lot of spices to it. The Goat Curry was remarkable. Strong flavors from the spices and the distinct flavor of the goat itself just went so well with the rice & beans. And the fact that the goat curry was on top, all that sauce was slowly penetrating the rice, making the combination of flavors sinfully good. The Mac N Cheese? I've been to so many places that serves Mac N Cheese and was never impressed. Not even close. They're flavorless. You could barely taste the cheese and nothing else. The textures were either like mush or the pasta was al dente.However this place does it right. It wasn't like WOW OMG SO SINFUL but it was the best I've had so far... Little pieces of veggies mixed in with the gooey cheese and pasta and it actually had flavor! :OI tried some of my dad's BBQ chicken and it definitely had distinct spices in it. My dad liked it but would rather have Chik Fil A. I know..........I personally thought it was fantastic. I loved how each dish had so much flavor and were different from it's counterparts. I never had the Jerk Chicken my brother had but he confirmed that it was amazing.The Jamaican Ginger Beer tasted like an all natural Ginger Ale. Tastier than the Canada Dry and tasted more natural. My brother had the Kola and didn't say anything about it so I'm guessing it's pretty good?The food here is truly remarkable. I may not know the "authentic" flavors of Caribbean cuisine but I know the food here is DELICIOUS.The only con I have about this place is it's schedule. Closes at 3 every weekday and off on weekends?! SERIOUSLY?? This woman can make all kinds of money if she were to open everyday or at least open later than 3pm.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,11/2/2014,56,55,5,5,4>I've been coming here for several months now and not only do I love to return for the customer service, but the quality of the services are incredible and priced perfectly. I typically get partial highlights, a cut and eyebrow wax. I've been seen by 3 of the stylists so far and they all are very friendly, professional and skilled at what they do. I've never had a bad experience. It's a family owned shop and the owner is there everyday. You get a homey, comfortable feeling there which is why I continue to return. No fancy bells and whistles, but they cater to the basics and are great at what they do. I recommend this place 100% for your hair styling needs.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,11/1/2014,60,84,2,6,5>I've been coming here since I was little. Ice Cream Cottage is old school as it gets. There's tons of flavors of Hershey ice cream, and they offer sundaes, banana splits, and snowballs too. All of the tables have checker sets painted on. I used to love sitting in there with my dad, eating ice cream and getting my butt whooped in checkers. Outside they have rocking chairs and adirondack chairs to relax in. All in all, if you want to feel like a kid again, play checkers, and enjoy some creamy Hershey's ice cream, this is your place.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/31/2014,133,198,4,4,4>Decided to come here for brunch today. From 10-3 they have a brunch and lunch thing going on so that made for some tough decisions. The brunch was explained that for $18 you get one breakfast item in the menu and then you get all you can eat access to the "meat table". Who doesn't love a good meat table!? This also came with a mimosa. There mimosas are very good by the way. We decided to go with lunch items. I got the prime rib melt and my wife got the burger cooked medium. We also got an order of the crab and spinach dip. The spinach dip was super creamy and came out piping hot. I really liked the dip. The prime rib sammich was also good. But the burger won top prize today. Wow what a great burger. Perfectly cooked and it had a sweet taste to it as well. The bun was awesome too. Really just a solid burger. Didn't see that one coming. Overall we had a great experience here. We sat in the bar area and our servers were awesome. This may be my new go to spot for brunch now!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/30/2014,90,149,5,11,7>This place has some killer Chai tea! Probably the very best I have had in life! I am addicted now and may switch to tea verses coffee. I needed a change.Free parking spots for patrons. That's a big plus for Historic Ellicott City.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,10/29/2014,23,62,4,4,4>Omletting you know that this breakfast joint is killer!!! Soooooo yummie. We both had (huge) omelets and really good coffee. The service was great! But I'm not sure I would go running back because the meal was quite expensive for a breakfast place! But, for a treat, I'd reccomend it!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,10/28/2014,115,78,5,6,4>Sue Island Grill & Crab House is a Crab House and can arguably be considered a dock bar as well since they have an open air bar and tables on the water. There are slips in the marina beside Sue Island Grill that can be used for people arriving by boat, they just don't have any slips directly attached to the restaurant property.Sue Island Grill is an out of the way, friendly locals spot that's in a residential neighborhood and is mostly advertised by word of mouth rather than by an online presence. They've been around a long time, but prior to this review, they didn't even exist on yelp and they only showed up on facebook a few years ago.On any given sunny weekend afternoon, you'll find that Sue Island Grill has the traditional Maryland open air picnic tables out back covered with craft paper, piled high with steaming heavy crabs, stacked with pitchers of cold beer, and surrounded by smiling Old Bay covered faces & fingers. The crabs at Sue Island Grill are consistently good and the open air bar under the roof on the rear deck is consistently filled with friendly locals swapping stories along with a fun bartender with all snappy comebacks you can handle. Lest you think that Sue Island Grill is just a sleepy little crab house on a sleepy little waterway, in a sleepy little neighborhood, they do manage to get their party on too. They operate as a Ravens bar during football season, they have themed costume parties for most major holidays, (most notably St Patrick's Day), they host live bands, and "yes" they even have occasional bikini contests. So in addition to being a crab house, they also deserve the designation as a dock bar.Sue Island Grill & Crab House, tucked away in it's off the beaten path Sue Creek location, isn't easy to find but it's definitely worth the trip.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/27/2014,47,118,6,10,7>When I'm looking to grab a beer in Federal Hill (and I want something more creative than a blue moon) I always head to Brewers Cask. Every time I'm there I look over the menu (and around me at what everyone is ordering) and the food looks delicious. I also know that the chef there is from Hot Corner Lee's which was my favorite place in Cross Street Market when it was open.For dinner a friend and I were in the mood to go someplace new and I had been wanting to try Brewers Cask so I suggested it and we headed over.When we were seated, the bartender/waiter was very attentive. We decided to start our meal with Hot Corner Lee's Famous Curly Fries. They are hand cut Idaho potatoes, sea salt and sriracha aioli. The sriracha aioli is delicious and so were these fries. They tasted incredibly fresh, as if the potatoes were peeled after we ordered them.For our meal,my friend ordered the Chipotle Chicken Tacos. They were three tacos in flour tortillas, onions, peppers, pico de gallo, cotija cheese and cilantro.  The chicken was very tender and packed with chipotle flavor and on Mondays, Brewers Cask has a $2 taco special.Because the main reason I wanted to try Brewers Cask was for the Cheesesteaks, I obviously had to order one.  I went for the Texas Cheesesteak which was delicious. It's thinly sliced brisket, grilled onions, green peppers and provolone cheese on a freshly baked roll. This was delicious. Sometimes with sandwiches, the bread to filling ratio is not proportionate but this was delicious and huge so I had leftovers for another day.My cheesesteak came with a side and because we already had an order of fries, I decided to go with something completely different. I ordered the Sauteed Garlic Spinach. Now I don't normally order veggies at a bar but these were super creamy, wonderful and packed with garlicky flavor. They were great.Everything at Brewers Cask really was delicious and if you're in the mood for a quick bite and some awesome food I'd highly recommend heading over to Federal Hill to check it out.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/26/2014,37,78,4,11,9>My fiftieth review! Fells Point, Baltimore, is a treasure not only in the city of Baltimore - but in the greater East Coast. It has its claim to fame from the days of ship building in the 1800's. Clipper ships, as well as ships termed "blockade runners" were manufactured here during the early days of Baltimore. The privateers were a chief reason Fort McHenry was bombed during the war of 1812. Pirate bars abound - Wharf Rat and Horse You Came In On both still enjoy the notoriety from those early days. Immigrants from all of Europe found their way to the busy port, and their influence is still felt not only in the architecture but the current restaurants and shops lining the streets. Come here during the Privateer Festival in late April, during the Fells Fun Festival in August - or any other time of year. There's a thriving Farmer's market from the first weekend of May till the end of October. Find bars, gastropubs, boutiques, gelato, ice cream, antiques, fine dining, ethnic food, pretzels, amazing coffee shops, entertainment venues, great views - all mixed with a little bit of history and some of the friendliest locals to be found in Baltimore. Ride on the Fearless (our Urban Pirate brigade), walk your dog, go on a ghost tour, meet for a first date...the possibilities are endless in this eclectic and trendy area. Highlights: - Kilwins Chocolate - gourmet chocolates- Wharf Rat - atmosphere/beer- Max's - beerhaus of dreams- Stuggy's - best hotdogs around- Berthas - eat the mussels. Just do it!- Tortilleria Sinaloa - homemade tortillas/tacos- Polina's Prive - amazing lingerie- Sound Garden - music store- Bonaparte - almond croissants- Farmer's Market - everything! - Pitango Gelato - better than in Little Italy- John Stevens pub - seafood, bartenders- Ale Mary's - tater tots - Krakus Deli - awesome Polish sausage! ...and more. I'm on a mission to review everything. You can come here via Water Taxi, taxi, bus, free city circular, car, bicycle, or foot. The important thing is just to come, and experience one of the most inviting areas in Baltimore.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/25/2014,157,175,2,5,6>I've only been here twice for coffee and it was to-go. I was pleasently surprised they had almond and coconut milk (please, can more places do this?) The staff was very sweet and courteous and i could tell so many people in there were regulars! Wish it was closer or I'd try it again and again!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,10/24/2014,50,52,1,5,5>My place is so clean!!!! I was referred to frank and team by one of my coworkers. I called and he was super friendly. We set up a meeting for him to come quote my place, get my preferences, etc  then scheduled the cleaning. They even accommodated the day I wanted although it was a holiday week.The team came at the scheduled time and wow!!! Things I never thought were dirty, apparently were and were now clean! Best money spent ever! My whole apt felt different! It's about 120/month bc I chose the once a month option. If you get more frequently it's cheaper. They even keep a book of your preferences which is really nice! I recommend this company and so glad I found them. I can relax in my home again!!!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,10/23/2014,41,266,4,6,3>Food: 4 StarsService: 5 StarsAmbiance: 3 StarsI've been to Bombay Nights a few times over the years and I've never had a bad meal.  On this trip we started with veggie pakora and coconut shrimp, had lamb korma and chicken tikka masala for entrees, and ordered sides of garlic and rosemary naan.The pakora was delicous: well balanced and perfectly seasoned.  The sweetness of the coconut shrimp was a little overpowering and the ratio of sauce to shrimp was way out of proportion.  The overall effect was a heavy mess that wasn't horrible, but I wouldn't order again.Korma is a great dish for those who want the flavor profile of Indian cuisine but aren't a fan of too much heat.  This particular korma was executed perfectly with all the flavors you want and just enough spice to make you perspire ever so slightly.  The tikka masala was again executed perfectly with a bit more kick.  The meat in both dishes was tender and delicious.  The rice was cooked to perfection.  Though, in an Indian restaurant, I'd be concerned if it weren't.The flavor of the naan was on point.  I've never had rosemary naan before and was pleasantly surprised.  My only complaint was the naan is more dense and flat than I'm used to.  Naan at other Indian restaurants is a touch more airy with a bit of volume.  We still ate every piece and I would be happy to order it again, and maybe try some of the other flavors.The ambiance was OK.  For the price point and superior quality of the food, I'm not too worried about the decor.  You can tell they put some effort into making the main dining room appealing, but made some tacky choices (fake fire torch lights, for instance).  Also, while aesthetically appealing, a few flat pillows against a hard wall isn't a substitute for a chair.  Also, the bathroom reminded me of an (old) Wal-Mart.  But again, for the price and quality of food, who cares?Last, but certainly not least, the service was outstanding.  We had a primary server, but there was a constant stream of people including hosts, bussers, food runners, and managers.  Everyone was extremely polite, knowledgable, and our drinks were refilled and plates cleared within seconds of being empty.  All this was accomplished without hovering or being pesky.  Whoever manages the staff clearly brings their a-game.Overall, I will gladly return for another meal.  I had a great time without having to trek into the city.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/22/2014,10,127,3,6,4>YES!  Really not sure how there could by *any* debate on this one...a lovely Turkish restaurant with excellent dishes and filled with lamps for ambiance. Your Guide to a Cazbar experience:1: it's pronounced "Jazz-bar"2: GET THE MEZZE PLATE -- incredible homemade selection of hummus, roast beets, roast eggplant, a version of tzaziki (sorry, the Turkish names escape me!) -- the small version is HUGE for two people (we always take half home) and served with tons of fresh fluffy warm bread.3: My fave of the meats is the Adana -- salty, savory, a different flavor that you normally otherwise get in a kabob. 4: "Go To" dish -- the Lamb and Okra!  OOOOH - mildly spicy, but mostly I just love a place that uses fresh baby okra in a dish.  YES.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,10/21/2014,139,351,5,5,4>A healthy pour of Pinot Noir & a whole baked lobster for $20 (Mondays only!)?YES. A THOUSAND TIMES YES. - as quoted by Mrs. Darcy.But I digress.We also got their green bean appetizer which was really fresh and perfectly seasoned. It was drizzled with an out-of-this-world house made garlic aioli. Mmm mmm!Tasteful decor, attentive service, great deals, amazing flavours.I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,10/20/2014,747,595,4,5,5>The QG is an excellent barbershop which caters  to a more refined spa-like experience. On site is a master masseuse and tailor, not to mention several extremely talented barbers / cosmetologists.There are several locations to park when arriving at the QG - behind the shop is a parking garage which is complementary so long as you provide a ticket to the check-out desk. Alternatively, you can have your car valeted at the hotel across the street - just say you are going to the QG and everything will be taken care-of.Appointment times are strictly followed without more than a few minutes delay, which makes setting a time to get in and then out (roughly 30 minutes) easy - so please be on time! When you arrive you receive a complementary beverage, you can keep a bottle here if you are a regular, and then it is up stairs to the waiting room. The waiting room is surrounded by a large billiards table, several plush chairs, and a small television. After I was taken by Kristen back down-stairs, she took less than a couple minutes to start my cut. Everything looked prefect when we were finished - rare, in my case.Overall, this location is a great spot to visit in the city. There is also a large amount of customize merchandise, cigars, shoes / shining, and overall great location to visit!5-stars!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,10/19/2014,19,157,4,3,3>Worthy of being my 100th review! FINALLY got to Union for the first time this past weekend, bicycling from by Patterson Park with a buddy, then working off much of the beer with more riding through Druid Hill Park (that's Droodil Park for you fellow Baltimorons!), then hittinh places in Fells and Canton before heading home. Beer and bicycles, an outstanding combination! But I digress...I liked Union's setup, with a smallish bar area, some seating inside the room, and space outside to drink while enjoying the fresh air. We were there on a Saturday, and a food truck with some quality grub was on hand. The air of the place is simply comfortable, and the staff are sufficiently friendly.What makes Union great is its beer. Simply high quality stuff. We each had a Double Duckpin (Double IPA), Rye Baby (Rye IPA) and Blackwing (Schwarzbier). All were excellent. It's absolutely no wonder that Beer Advocate gives Union Craft Brewing a lofty score of 92! Duckpin was also on tap, of course, but that's easy to find elsewhere so we passed. Unfortunately their cask ale was already tapped out, finished off by their Thursday and Friday night imbibers.Can't wait to go back... heeeeey. tomorrow IS Thursday!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,10/18/2014,155,226,3,7,5>4/26/14So the boo is in town and we wanted to have breakfast with my parents before our crazy busy day kicked into gear. The place opens up at 11 AM so we made our way over around 11:15 and there was plenty of parking. It is located on the other side of Owings Mills mall. When we walked in we are greeted by a lovely young lady she came over to the booth to grab menus to seat us as there was not many customers in as of yet. We saw my parents at a booth as they were there early and we sat down. Immediately Bria greeted us and asked us for our drink order. I got the FABULOUS peach iced tea and my boyfriend got water. She then gave us a minute to look over the menu sine this was my boyfriend's first time here at Granny's. About 5 minutes later she returned and took our orders. Both my parents ordered omelets and a side of pancakes that they split that came with 2 sides. My bf ordered the shrimp and grits, with 2 sides (potatoes and apples). I ordered the chicken but instead of waffles they allowed me for an extra fee to change it to the French toast since I wanted to try those out. Mine also came with 2 sides. As we waited Bria brought us some cornbread with butter and jelly after putting in our order. In about 10-15 minutes as we were chatting our food was ready and brought out. Everything looked and tasted delicious per usual. My bf loved the shrimp and grits. It would have liked the grits a little thicker consistency but he still loved them as well as the potatoes and friend apples. He even took a swig of my peach tea and liked that too. My French toast was AMAZING. I loved them because they are different and lite. They take croissants and smash them down and dip it in the egg batter to make French toast. So it is a little softer but just as yum. Best of both worlds for me because I love French toast and croissants. If you like them on the harder more sturdier side they may not be for you. Overall the services was awesome as always. Bria was very personal and friendly and checked on us and got us whatever we needed while we were there. The food was awesome and we will definitely be back.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,10/17/2014,25,222,1,3,2>Okay so... This place is AMAZING!I don't get the one star review below, really... The fries are crispy and that is how they should be! If they weren't, they would get limp from the sauces like a lot of fries at other places when they put cheese or chili on them.The employees were friendly and worked quickly. The value was spot on... Maybe overpriced for regular fries that are plain, but that's not what this is. I ended up getting the Baked Tater... It was, as another reviewer mentioned, just what you would expect. It was like eating a delicious but crispy baked potato in small, broken-up form. Unlike the other reviewer found with her order, mine were sauced to the bottom. Perhaps they have found the right way to do it through experience now... The only thing I could have wanted more of was the bacon bits, which really were just in top.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/16/2014,7,138,1,5,4>We stopped here for dessert, and I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a small vanilla cone for about $2 and really enjoyed it.  The ice cream had a creamy texture, and you definitely get a satisfying amount with the small size.  The cone came with a "drip protector" on it as well.  It's a great place for a quick, inexpensive dessert on a summer day.  Everyone in my group seemed to enjoy their ice creams and milkshakes as well.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/15/2014,80,490,3,4,3>Ten Ten is a wonderful example of farm to table style restaurants that seem to be popping up everywhere. Generous portions, friendly staff, trendy - but not snooty - and a price that reflects the quality, but doesn't leave you feel gutted. They've combined this with an interesting industrial vibe that's just dressed up enough to still be a bit romantic, but I still could get a scotch here with a friend and not feel out of place. I swung in here for lunch before heading out of town. I had time to kill, and really wanted a great Baltimore meal to get me excited about my new home state. So, of course I went with the crab cake sandwich, which was about 16 dollars. The bun was delicious but way too big for the crab cake. I ended up taking the top off and proceeded to eat with just the bottom - which was perfect. Of course - I also ate the top of the bun. As I said, the buns are delicious. For a side, I upgraded my fries for 2.50 to parmesan cheese. It had just the right amount of oil to enjoy but not to much to feel unhealthy.After polishing off my plate and heading out, everyone said have a nice day on the way out, and seemed to mean it. Great experience!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,10/14/2014,6,71,2,4,3>Speaking from the perspective of weekday nights, you can not find a cozier restaurant atmosphere. Whenever I'm seated at Ze Mean Bean, the rich rugs, diverse furniture options and comfortably small space make me feel like I'm having a family dinner in a relative's living room, only I'm hanging out with my boyfriend, the waiter, and maybe one other couple. Oh, and there's polish beer and lots of it. The slavic sampler is a consistent hit for newcomers and the borscht is rich and delicious. Go on a weekday night when it's slow and you'll be the sole focus of the ridiculously friendly waitstaff.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,10/13/2014,4,15,1,4,3>I've been saying fed needed a salad place for a while and felici cafe is a perfect option for healthy sandwiches and salads. The customer service couldn't be better (so, so friendly) and there's lots of great menu options. I tried a sandwich and a juice and they were both delicious. Can't wait to try the coffee!Nice day out? Take it to go and eat on top of the hill!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/12/2014,5,14,1,3,2>Although the location and the presence from the street is less than spectacular, don't let that fool you. I have been here a couple of times and they do not disappoint. If you are sushi fan, it is worth the visit. I started off tonight with a side salad. They serve a creamy ginger as the house and it was very tasty. The next thing to hit the table was the yellow tail jalapeño  appetizer. This is not for the faint of heart as it was spicy....just the way I like it. A great dish I will order again. Next we enjoyed some nigiri sushi. We were served fresh and plentiful cuts of squid, salmon, and snapper. We also ordered the spicy tuna roll and the rocky roll. They were great for those who like a little spice in their meals. Service was efficient and friendly and the flow of food kept us dining at a nice pace.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/11/2014,3,60,2,2,2>Got my Dinner here while attending an Orioles game on my Birthday. I chose the double-meat Pork BBQ sandwich, which came with homemade (I believe) Kettle Chips. The Pork was tender, flavorful, juicy and remarkable. Really good. The Kettle Chips were crunchy and nice. This is the best food choice at Camden Yards if you are me. Good meat treated nice.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,10/10/2014,13,6,,,1>This is a great spot for brunch. The restaurant is located at the Baltimore Art Museum. If you make a reservation get there early and spend a little time wondering through the sculpture garden. I've taken several groups of guests to this place and have never had a bad experience. They never miss on the Eggs Benedict which it's one of my favorites.  And the special drinks are really well done. I love this place. First 5 star review I've ever given.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/9/2014,5,12,1,3,3>The food is excellent here!  The atmosphere is not fancy but more laid back.  Service is awesome, but we come here for the food.  The flavors are bold and is close to Korean home cooking that you can get.  Woo Chon serves authentic tasty Korean food.  The seafood spicy noodle soup is the best I've had in this area.  I also can't get enough of their spicy squid dish.  Their casserole dishes are very good and is meant to be shared with at least 3 people.  Their mandoo (pan fried dumplings) are homemade and delicious!  I haven't had anything here that I didn't like.  I always leave here stuffed and satisfied.  When it comes to food, this place is the best!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,10/8/2014,0,21,1,5,4>You can get an awesome mani / pedi here!  The staff is great, so professional!  A regular mani / pedi is $35... And they are opened until 9pm on week nights.The facility is clean, you are always given a bottle of water, even if you say no!  The staff are very pleasant and never speak in foreign languages around customers.  Even the TV is always tuned in to normal stations!Best nail salon in Baltimore!!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/7/2014,22,15,3,2,2>We were looking for a quick place to grab a good burger. After reading the previous reviews, we decided to try this place out. The burgers and onion rings were outstanding. The staff was helpful and courteous providing some guidance like "why eat a salad at a burger joint?"  We really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it to others.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,10/6/2014,2,16,1,4,3>I have lived in Baltimore for 3 years and have passed Asahi almost daily. Last night, I went for the first time and was blown away. I always thought it would be terrible judging by the bad restaurants that share that block but I was definitely proved wrong. It is a no frills VERY casual place but the sushi was SO FRESH and they had huge portions. It's BYOB which is a huge plus and was very quick. On a Friday night, there was a mix of couples grabbing a quick bite in sweatpants, hospital workers getting dinner in scrubs, and groups of friends taking advantage of the BYOB. I consider myself a huge sushi snob and eat it on a regular basis and this sushi was real deal. Extremely fresh, great unusual rolls, big portions and CHEAP! I'll probably be back again before the week is over.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/5/2014,19,7,2,4,5>One of my favorite places to go for food! I highly recommend this place.I've had the peruvian chicken here as well as the carnitas tacos. The peruvian chicken is very nicely seasoned and cooked. It comes with two different sides. I usually get the rice which is surprisingly very good as well and the yucca. I love their yellow sauce (not completely sure what kind of sauce it is). The carnitas tacos is also very good as well. It is different from the carnitas tacos I get from taquerias but it is still good. The people there are very friendly as well. My friends I went for dinner once and the owner came and let us try some soup with our meal [which was delicious].I highly recommend people to go here if you are looking for a cheap but filling meal!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/4/2014,106,306,5,5,6>The crab cakes are the size of giant baseballs! Full of lump crab meat and no filler! The fries are also delicious and extra crispy... kind of like 'beer battered' style.  Always try to make a reservation (only for ~7 people). This place can get packed on a weekend and especially for holidays (ie. mothers/fathers day). If you're not up for the long wait, they have a carry out section to the right of the restaurant. In the carry out section, they have several first come first serve tables which is great for casual meals. It offers the same menu, same great food, same price without the fancy tip for the service.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,10/3/2014,31,32,1,6,6>Love Sindys! Its been around since I been a little girl. Food is so good breakfast and lunch.  I have never had a complaint.  Love the cheesesteak subs! Breakfast sandwiches and potatoes mmm good! Always made FRESH! Not open on the weekends though ; ( recommend calling in your order though it gets very busy. Oh and very friendly staff ;) stop by on your lunch break
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/2/2014,62,65,5,14,6>The ambiance in here is awesome! Surprisingly beautiful restaurant located in a strip mall. But everything in Columbia is stripmall-esque, just gotta get over that and enjoy the hidden gems! :)Food was good, I had the peruvian chicken and will DEF be coming here from now on for my chicken! That way, when I ask for more sauce, they dont try to charge me .25 cents per extra! The house green sauce was DELISH! Super spicy, just the way I like it! I needed low carb sides and had to resort to the steamed veggies, which literally looked like the frozen bag from costco. I'd say step up your veggie sides! But the other sides were good, from what my party said. Hubs got the lomo saltado and it was flavorful. The ceviche.... eh... I got the Nekkei? Very fishy. Flavor of the marinade was good, but the assortment of seafood just was fishy, extremely. So minus one star for that and for the service. Seemed like folks were waiting a long time to be serviced and to receive food but I overlooked that since its a BYOB establishment at the moment and was at the liquor store next door. And MAN! I need to write a review about that store! It was like a adult playground!!! ANYWAYSSS, thats off topic. But fix those two issues mentioned above and you have a 5 star from me! :)
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,10/1/2014,26,63,1,5,4>Came here with my sister after an working up an appetite while shopping at the mall and then Target. As you enter, you see the bar, which is adjacent/connected to the reception/lobby area of the Best Western. The restaurant is separate from the bar, but both have a good number of flat screen TVs that are mounted in easy to view spots.We ate in the restaurant section. I had a good feeling about the food when I spotted a Vietnamese family having their dinner already. The service was friendly, the food came out promptly.We had the spring rolls, which were fresh and tasty. We both had the pho (P1 and P8), large size. There were plenty of noodles and the amount of beef was just right. The soup was flavorful and hit the spot on a winter evening. The restaurant was playing a jazzy kind of soundtrack and had more of a lounge-like feel to it then most Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to, where the emphasis is on the food and quick service, but not the ambience. A gentleman who appeared to be the owner or manager came by to chat with us and check in. It seems that this place is an offshoot of Pho No.1 on Route 40, which I haven't been to. He said that he hopes that this restaurant will offer a different experience than most Vietnamese restaurants. I will definitely be back after another shopping outing to try some of their other offerings, as this seems to be a very promising place, despite the slightly unusual location. :)
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/30/2014,93,199,1,4,5>MMMMMM delicious! This is the best donut place and I absolutely love it. The donuts are always hot and made fresh to order. You pick your own glaze and toppings to customize the perfect donut. I never order just one and usually order a box of a half dozen or whole. I like to make sure that I never order two of the same so I can try as many combinations as possible. But then I can never remember which flavor is which, but that's okay because they are ALL good :)I feel like the locations in Ocean City are more authentic, but I love that they have locations closer to home so I can enjoy their donuts without making a three hour drive.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,9/29/2014,11,9,1,4,3>Always good, no matter if you go for brunch, lunch, dinner or a party. The lobster/seafood salad is wonderful, so is the tenderloin salad. The crab/seafood dip appetizer on the dinner menu is divine. Really enjoy their desserts too (hot blondie- yummm!). I've always had great service. Bluestone is one of those places that is always good. It's the place you say "we should have gone to X instead" after spending a lot of money on a sub-par meal somewhere.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,9/28/2014,34,78,2,5,3>(3/17/14) I was looking for italian food and having experienced big and little grano, I popped into Daniela's to check it out.  Firstly, I was surprised to find out the place was Sardinian not Italian.  I immediately got excited because I'd watched Anthony Bourdain do an extensive excerpt on food their (apparently his wife is from there).  Looking around, I was surprised at the size of the place.  3 tables (we took up 2 of them) and a counter and case with food and desserts.  It was homey but I prayed no one else came in so we wouldn't have to share the place with any ourselves.   Secondly, as we were greeted I asked if there was wine and was told it was a BYOB establishment. So we left and headed to the Wine Source for some adult libations and then headed back.  Upon return, we happily sat down to peruse the menu.  The waitress helped us pick some very nice things...we decided to do get a proper spread.  Caesar and Caprese salads, a rice ball in sauce, supremely thinly cut, breaded and fried eggplant, bruschetta, 2 types of ravioli and italian sausage.  Nothing we tasted wasn't an explosion in flavor, fresh tasting, and well loved by all eating.  We were stuffed beyond stuffed but made room for cannolis that also didn't disappoint. Me and my compadres were intensely impressed at this entirely unassuming little place.  Writing this now makes me want to bite of that eggplant again.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,9/27/2014,31,109,1,3,4>The reviews don't lie. We loved EVERYTHING about our experience. It's actually smaller then I imagined and there really is no way to get in unless you make a reservation before dinner service.The flavor of the food was out of this world. Everything we tried had layers and layers of complexity. My favorite part of the meal was the ceviche. Big portion size which is great because I always feel like there's never enough ceviche.The staff was so friendly and really made the experience complete. Love love love this place and can not wait to go back.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/26/2014,8,82,2,5,3>We have had the Go-pass for the 2011-2012 and 2013-2014 seasons, which allows us to go to as many shows as possible for one price because we are under 34. We make reservations online, and our accounts are linked so we always sit together. We have never had an issue getting into a showtime requested, although we have sometimes been seated in the front row (you can't choose your seats and don't know what they are until you arrive). We haven't brought anyone with us, but as Go-pass members we can for a reasonable price. It's a fun date night for an exceptional price. The theaters are very pretty and the showtime allows for you to get dinner before hand. We've also had dinner at the onsite Sascha's express (see my review for that - we've found it good but that they run out of some offerings as you get closer to the show). The bar is not expansive, but you can get a quality drink of something you like at a reasonable price... and you can bring your drinks into most theaters (sometimes they will ask that you pour it into a plastic glass) and there is a bar in at least one theater. We've found the shows to be hit or miss, but we can always leave at intermission if we don't like it. The Go-pass allows us that flexibility without the guilt! We used to be the youngest people there, but have found that this season there were many more of our contemporaries. We hope that this means that the Go-pass has been a hit and will be offered in the future!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/25/2014,67,76,3,5,5>This stand is located inside Cross Street Market. The model is similar to Chipotle. You can choose what you want - 3 tacos, burrito bowl, burrito, quesadilla, or salad. Then choose your meat - chicken, fish, steak, shrimp, vegetarian, or spicy pork. Then you tell them what else you want - corn, rice, salsa, guacamole, etc. I ordered the tacos, which are served in small flour tortillas. I was able to mix and match, so I got one fish, one steak, and one spicy pork. While by no means on par with authentic taco shacks, the food was pretty good. I would say it's more Korean-Mex fusion. I especially liked the fish and spicy pork. The spicy pork was Korean style and had a lot of heat to it. The tacos had a sweetness to it. I wasn't sure if it was the salsa or the rice, but I attribute it to Asian kick of the place. Asians love adding sugar to everything. I paid around $8 for 3 tacos, which wasn't bad, and by the time I finished the 2nd taco, I was already plenty full. Friendly service, and they even have a seating area. I probably wouldn't trek out of my way to come here, but if I were in the area looking for a quick lunch, I would definitely stop by.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,9/24/2014,9,127,1,2,1>I've only purchased shoes here, but I think the buyers have great taste, and the staff are very willing to provide recommendations or assist customers. While the shoes aren't cheap, they're pretty comparable to online prices for the same brands, and the ones I've purchased have been excellent quality.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,9/23/2014,46,243,1,2,2>Cafe Cito is the bomb, i picked up breakfast to go a  couple of days ago and had dinner there this past Friday. It is BYOB, so that doesnt hurt. Anyhow, for breakfast their sausage, egg and chesse sandwich was good, tho i shoud have specified i like my egg fried hard.. i cant do yolk. For dinner the options werent plentiful, maybe more variety will be in the offing later, but considering that they have breakfast, lunch, brunch and dinner it is more quality control so to speak. I had the ribeye meal, it was kinda small but tasty, tasty. All in all chill low key spot off 36th Street.. Swing by if you can.. when you get the chance.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,9/22/2014,110,70,2,5,3>Went out for the grand opening of my favorite lunch spot (based on excellent experiences at the other two locations). The newest Nalley Fresh is in the Exchange building, an office park in West Towson. If you've not been before, here is a quick summary of how it works:Think Chipotle / Qdoba, but with salads and other "fresh" stuff... bowls, wraps, etc. You get in line, pick out a protein, and then pick a variety of veggies and toppings. At the end there are sauces, dressings and broth. Everything is made fresh, they say.Today I had the honey mustard pulled pork, which was actually quite good. I was in Memphis, Tenn. recently and so the bar for pulled pork (for me) is quite high. After that I got a bunch of vegetables: lettuce, onions, cucumbers, beets... to name a few and the "Boom Boom" sauce, a spicy dressing that is really spot on. I would highly recommend it if you like something spicy and light.The location is nice, especially for the office lunch crowd, it is in the rear of mid-rise office building with plenty of free parking. There are tables outside in the courtyard, or you can eat inside, as I did. The inside is a simple, but clean, with TVs and some kind of upbeat soft jazz music playing.All things considered, this is great place, and I'm happy to see them open in Towson.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,9/21/2014,25,116,2,4,2>First let me start off my review by saying, on average I'm not somebody who enjoys Mexican food. Especially with all the commercialized imposters like taco bell and chipolte. With that being said, I decided to give El Cuervo a try because it looked different. My high hopes were not met amazingly, but definitely met The tacos were soft which I love, however they were very small. About the size of a palm of an average hand. Thankfully each taco is only about 4 bucks so its actually a good deal when you take into account the premium ingredients. The staff was extremely friendly and down to earth. the food came out quick. I was told the average taco order consists of about 2-3 tacos so I got two with a side of chips and queso and a can of soda. Total bill was about $14 The chips and queso were definitely the most filling part, the portion was big for only $4 the cheese had a really nice zip to it. These are freshly made chips which i love, not some place trying to pass off tostitos or something. Be warned though, dont let the cheese sit too long it cools down super fast and your chips will soften. TacosI ordered the Shrmp & Pork Belly Taco, and the Brisket Taco. Each came with cotija cheese, cilantro, and corn nuts. You could really taste these ingredients. Unfortunately the shrimp taco shell was falling apart, the shrimp had no real seasoning and I could not really taste the pork. I was mostly tasting the other ingredients. They did give a good amount of shrimp though, and they were cooked well. Overall a good tasting taco but needed improvement.The Brisket taco was far better, although the meat tasted a bit dry you could taste bits of that crispy bark you get from a good brisket, this is top grade meat too not just mystery ground beef. The BBQ sauce tasted amazing and brought all the flavors together. It was my favorite of the two. I think next time I will stick to strictly tacos instead of filling up on chips and queso. I definitely want another brisket taco after my experience. El Cuervo isn't perfect but they are still new and can still tweak things to be amazing. They are very much unkinown in Towson at this point. I came at prime dinner hour on Taco Tuesday! Nobody was there. The place is small so I just sat there quietly to enjoy the food. But if its ever busy good luck finding a seat its literately a tiny hut. Overall, I'd say for someone who doesn't like mexican food they made a big fan out of me. I will be back and hopefully they will become even better.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/20/2014,5,32,2,2,3>I had the lamb phyllo dish and key lime dessert - Both were delicious. The lamb phyllo wasn't heavy as I expected it to be. The carrot almond Moroccan salad was refreshing and a great counter-taste to the rich lamb. The key lime dessert was tart and not too sweet. Our service was wonderful - our waitress was attentive, gave great recommendations, and was super sweet. We didn't get complimentary bread, but we did get chips & dip. Overall, one of the better dining experiences in the Canton area.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,9/19/2014,2,41,3,2,1>I had often wondered why there was no decent Indian lunch buffet in Charles Village since I started working here a few years ago. There is a huge international population due to the nearby Universities and the local crowd seems pretty up for this kind of fare.Well it looks like it is finally here, I had seen signs for this place the last couple of months and this place had just opened last Sunday. Everything seemed fresh, bright, clean and they had a wonderful spread. Its a great work day lunch where you can go in, get real food, enjoy wonderful service and get back to the office.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/18/2014,1,14,1,1,>Delicious food, classy surroundings, interesting menu. The lighting in the place is a little odd and a bit bright.  No piped in music and in spite of all of the hard surfaces, not too noisy. Portions are small but filling. Service was uneven: attentive but at times we were forgotten about. It took a long time for drinks to come to the table. They got confused about who was getting which dish. It's not cheap but that was expected. Not sure I'd return.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,9/17/2014,5,6,,3,2>I've been to many vegetarian/vegan cafe's but this here is the truth when it comes to a great selection of foods. Not over the top with overly curried "vegan crab cakes" just real good vegan dishes I can appreciate. Keep it natural. Keep it open! God Bless
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/16/2014,1,7,,1,2>We want in with our two year old twins for an early dinner. The food here is FANTASTIC, the place is very clean, they are definitely kid friendly (and accommodating), and the price is good considering the quality and quantity of what you're getting. The only downside is that they have not yet installed the planned changing table but it is in the works and we made it work with the space available. Definitely going back soon! Excellent service and great beers on tap!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/15/2014,40,283,,8,2>I was excited to see a falafel shop open up in Fells Point. I've always been envious of people in DC who live close to Amsterdam Falafel and I was wondering if Shawermarz would live up to that high standard. The menu here is fairly limited (falafel, shwarma, a couple of other items) but the falafel that I had was done pretty well. The pita they serve it in is thin and not very fluffy but everything that goes in it is delicious. Service is friendly but a little bit slow. The slowness wasn't a big deal since I went at an off-peak time, but I've got a feeling they're going to have long lines when bars close on Fridays and Saturdays. Overall I'm very happy to have this place in the neighborhood. When I went it did feel like the staff were still finding their bearings but that's to be expected with a restaurant that only opened a few weeks ago.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/14/2014,10,8,2,8,4>Phó has come to Canton!!!  No longer will I have to drive 30 mins to Pho Dat Thanh.  I had the phó (obviously) and loved it.  Good broth, your usual fixins, just right.  I'll be walking over for my phó fix whenever I need the ultimate comfort food.  We thought we'd miss Yellow Dog, which used to occupy this space, but a Phoenix had risen from the ashes of a former Canton favorite.  Welcome to the neighborhood Saigon Today!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/13/2014,7,35,2,7,5>My family and I had just left this awesome little cupcake shop and I must say the owner and her son are very sweet, they make you feel like you've known them for years. The shop is clean and tidy, easy to see the prices and what is offered. Today we got a dozen, 6 for my parents and 6 for my husband, daughter and myself. We got the fishy cupcakes (my daughter loved this adorable cupcake!) it really is adorable and yummy! The smores cupcake was omg amazing! From the soft gooey and almost sinful marshmallow top, the yummy milk chocolate cake to the Super yummy ghram cracker bottom, this cupcake is my overall favorite! We also got the cookies and cream which is also delish with chunks of chocolate cookie bits throughout. I'm so excited about this gem of a cupcake shop and I look forward to having them make cupcakes for all of our special occasions!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,9/12/2014,34,132,1,3,3>Came here during happy hour.Most small plates cost $5.We ordered the scallops and lamb chops.And a pesto chicken flatbread.Scallops were DELICIOUS. I love how it was cooked and served with Black Sea salt.Our lamb chops were overcooked; we asked for medium and received well done. Flatbread had burnt ends, which gave an unappetizing char taste. The combination of pesto and chicken was surprisingly not that good.I really appreciated the service at the bar. they were all kind and attentive.I would come back for the carrot cake and mocha desserts. Delicious.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/11/2014,10,11,1,4,4>This is now one of my favorite go to places in Baltimore!  Coming from someone who so misses the food scene in Los Angeles.  Food and drinks ... are "well crafted: and serious time and energy was put into everything and how everything tastes together. I love the middle bar and seating in the middle of the bar - I'll have to bring a group here after work sometime or for a good night out. And the place has a good wine selection.I'll have to put some pictures up the next time I go and will get the correct names of some of my favorites but if you happen to go: Beef Tongue Tacos (guys will luv), Scallops, Agnolotti, Beet Salad, Chocolate Dessert.  Yums.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,9/10/2014,18,26,1,5,4>Casual atmosphere. Tasty pizza, salads and cookies.  Great variety of toppings.You can see the pizzas and order by the slice for a  quick meal or get a whole pie to go.Good location for community fundraiser nights and birthday parties.The owner is a friendly and energetic young woman who keeps everything running smoothly.When ordering a pie to go, we recommend asking for extra bake time for the same crispy crust you get when you eat individual slices.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,9/9/2014,76,77,4,7,7>One of the most special qualities about Baltimore is that if a restaurant or cafe embraces the community, the community will be quick to embrace it back. Doobys is a prime example of this. Since its opening, Doobys has appeared at numerous local festivals, has collaborated with other restaurants and Baltimore institutions to host events, and has instituted a bread club and a weekly special event series (ramen, anyone?). The more I get to know Doobys, the more I think owner Phil Han's business model is ingenious. His restaurant serves up amazingly great coffee, inventive seasonal pastries, delicious lunch, great dinner, heavenly dessert, and drinks and cocktails so excellent that they were recently featured in a glowing review by the Baltimore Sun. My favorite dishes here are the Damn Good Pie which is only served at dinnertime and the steak and gruyere breakfast sandwich with horseradish aioli. The drip coffee is slightly pricier than other places, but its distinctive quality sets it apart. I also like the pastries and try to arrive early enough to snag a day-old pastry for 50% off. Is there anything that Doobys can't do? I don't think so. Doobys is like the All-American quarterback on your high school football team who just happens to be valedictorian, class president, and homecoming king all at once. As long as Doobys keeps embracing the community it serves, we will keep loving it back. I predict Doobys to be a Baltimore great for years to come!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/8/2014,25,18,5,12,9>Earlier this week, I stepped into the office and my nose was immediately greeted by what I closely guessed to be Blueberry Waffles...My coworker gave me a menu for the next restaurant to try on my bucket list "Charm City Chicken and Waffles"...the best compliment one can give is "word of mouth".Today I added another notch onto my list of favs! I had the shrimp and grits and the 3 piece chicken and waffle meal. I was expecting rain and me and my +1 needed food, so I threw some sweats and a hat on and called my order in. I got there 5 minutes after placing my order, so I had a short wait which I didn't mind at alllllll...... It was a Saturday, so I was treated to a complimentary assortment of wine and slices of cake!! I got home and tasted some of the best chicken and waffles I have ever had the pleasure of tasting!! The chicken was well seasoned and the waffles was sooo flavorful!! The shrimp in my grits were really good, but my grits could've used a little "umphh"! I like my shrimp and grits spicy, the grits were a tad bland for me.Overall, I would definitely go back!! I wish I would have opted for the 5 piece chicken and waffle!!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/7/2014,31,108,1,6,4>I come here every now and then for the date night special which cannot be beaten. It is $20 for 2 slices of dinner pie (savory), 2 slices of dessert pie (sweet), and 2 drinks. I am providing the five star review by adding an extra star just for this special. I rate them a four star based upon the quality of the pie and the atmosphere of the restaurant. The pie is delicious, probably even dangerously delicious to my waistline; however, I have been spoiled growing up in a family of amazing bakers and am too used to having a slice of fresh made pie right out of the oven. The price on a whole pie seems a bit expensive, but I guess it is a lot of food for the price and is a reasonable deal. However, the price tag on them keeps me from buying them for parties, as it is cheaper to get other food for the price. If the whole pie price was a little lower, I would probably buy them regularly.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,9/6/2014,119,457,6,4,5>I'm writing this sprawled out on the couch in a food coma after my husband and I bought wayyyyy too much food for two people to consume. We both got the Betty's Memphis Double, each with a half slab of ribs and brisket. The ribs were really good, I like a slightly sweeter BBQ sauce but this one was still good and not vinegar-y (and you can also get it without sauce). We still have pretty much two full things of brisket, but the slice I had was good. It is pretty thin, thinner than I'm used to, but it made a nice little sandwich with the cornbread (which is also pretty good, but thin). For sides, I got the mac and cheese, which has really good flavor, but the noodles were swimming in sauce. A lower sauce to noodle ratio would've been better. The potato salad was also really good.My husband got the cole slaw and BBQ wedges. The cole slaw was good, the BBQ wedges were giant, there was probably a whole potato as a side.They had banana pudding and even though I'm a banana pudding snob and make some pretty freakin excellent banana pudding myself, we got that too. It was delicious. Everything cost a bit over $50, and we definitely had wayyyy too much food, so we'll probably order a little smarter next time. And there will definitely be a next time since everything was awesome... in addition to the food, the staff is incredibly pleasant and service was super quick... we were in and out in less than 5 minutes.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,9/5/2014,144,117,2,4,3>:This is a great little bookstore in Hampden. It is a cross between a comic book store and an eclectic bookstore - lots of little various toys and comics, anthologies and really interesting books. The space is very deceiving, so beware. You will think you have walked into a sparse ship that you can cover in matter of minutes, and hours later you are still perusing book somewhere in the shop. I also like their selection of magazine, some I haven't every seen before. This store is right in its element in Hampden and is a must-visit.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/4/2014,436,152,5,9,7>This is an elite Veterinary clinic in the Annapolis area. They have literally saved our baby Havanese life twice.  How could I not award it 5 stars?  The first time was last 4th of July when she accidentally ate an entire box of DCON mice poison at my parents house. I was freaking out but they remained calm and once I arrived, had her cleaned up and cleaned out within 90 minutes. It cost less than $200 as well. We were very fortunate they were open and so close, because time is critical in that scenario with poison.The most recent time was a few days ago. Our dog had some type of virus or ate something that made her really sick. We don't have poisons around the house, but she was vomiting and ill for 3 days. Our primary vet can only do so much with their facility, but after 3 days of not eating, they referred us to the AAVEC.  She was released the next evening and is almost back to normal.  The price on our second visit was much higher than the first and they required a deposit before leaving Kendall over night. The ultimate charge was less than their estimate and deposit, so they ended up returning money to me, which was nice.The place is huge, with very nice landscaping and sitting areas outside. The lobby is very large and well lit with natural light from outdoors. There are multiple specialties in this facility, things I didn't even know were available to pets - eye care is one of them!We were able to see the back area to say goodnight to our baby. It was very impressive, clean and very high-tech. This is a referral only veterinarian, so if you are walking in that door, you are going to pay a minimum $80 emergency office visit fee. Ouch.  Pets are expensive, don't own them if you can't afford them, right?
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,9/3/2014,151,317,7,7,7>I was out late one night at the harbor and was in serious search of something greasy and filling and what better than chicken!? I pulled out my trusty yelp app and searched "chicken near me" since it was after 2am Legends was the closest thing that was still open. So myself and my friends jumped in our cars and headed to Legends.. Let's just say it's in a neighborhood that none of us were used to.. Since we all just wanted chicken wings and fries it was pretty quick in and out, which I was more than happy about since someone got into an argument with the cashier... Once I was safe in the car I tore into the chicken and it was just what I needed at 2am!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,9/2/2014,138,111,4,6,5>Right around the corner from my house, which is dangerous because I wish I could eat and drink here all the time, but I have to restrain myself! The drinks are delicious, don't hesitate to just sit at the long bar under the big green lights and have a sip with a friend! They have great bartenders who make specialty cocktails that are written on a blackboard at the end of the bar. They also have an extensive wine selection (I want to say Tuesday is half price bottles, but don't quote me on that). The staff is super friendly and knowledgable about the menu, which changes often, except for the two staples on the menu (duck fat fries and ahi tuna). The fries will definitely feed two+ (at $9 an order it is a must!) and the dipping sauces are scrumptious. And I haven't tried for myself, but I hear the tuna is the best in the city.Hands down this is possibly the best "fancy pants" food in the city, with a cozy casual atmosphere that will make you want to hang out all night. You will not be disappointed. I have been amazed with all of the food I have gotten. You know the feeling of the first bite of something so delicious you have to put your fork down and lean back and your eyes roll to the back of your head... yea that... that is what it is like to eat here!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,9/1/2014,46,61,6,7,4>La Cakerie has grown up fast, having started as a small bakery and then moving to a location in Towson that is four times larger (or so it seems) than their previous spot. The new location has more parking, more seating, and it seems more food as well! While I have been to La Cakerie more than a few times, I have been going there for lunch recently as I learned they offer much more than cupcakes and traditional pastries.On this day, I ordered a freshly squeezed orange juice and a chicken panini. The orange juice machine they have is very quick and the taste is so much better than bottled and processed OJ. The chicken panini was really good with huge and fresh tomatoes, and some sort of sweet flavoring that really made the panini standout. My tongue applauded the effort. What I Like:- Creativity abound here! ALWAYS NEW FLAVORS AND IDEAS! Leave mundane tastes at the door. La Cakerie always innovates and delights it's regulars with new products. This statement goes well beyond cupcakes.- Image-friendly snacks? Yup. You want a sugar cookie with your best friends mug on it? They do it. And it's totally awesome.- Comfortable seating, for individuals AND groups. The new seating is a combination of individual leather seats, leather couches, and circular high top tables. Good for working, reading, or networking.- The people that work there are always attentive and polite. This characteristic can never be taken for granted.What I Don't Like:- Coffee bar is substandard when measured up against everything else. I think when you sell premium bakery goods, the business should make the coffee for you instead of forcing you to use the corporate America coffee pump thermos. If you're a coffee snob, this literally negates the positives. I mean, Dunkin Donuts does this for their customers, and they sell crappy/thoughtless donuts (and by thoughtless I mean, paint a donut purple and call it a "Joe Flacco"; don't patronize me D&D). Overall, I think if they step up their coffee game (make it for you, and offer a greater variety of flavors) La Cakerie would be the best local bakery hands-down. I gave it 5-Stars because it still offers so much more than the competition, and the service is excellent. It's a well run business with a healthy internal culture, and this is reflected in the quality of food and service.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,8/31/2014,14,40,1,5,5>GLUTEN FREE GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm always silently complaining to myself that I can't get a gluten free cupcake in Howard County (or really Baltimore for that matter) but now I can stop talking to myself.  Kupcakes & Co. has the most delicious gluten free cupcakes I've had in a long time, possibly ever.  The cake is super moist and the icing is the perfect buttercream.The website says call for the daily flavors.  So I expected to call and get one flavor.  Like every other bakery with gf cupcakes.  The person who answered put me on hold for a second and came back and listed 6-7 flavors!  I thought he was telling me the list of regular cupcakes and asked him to clarify.  Nope.  All gluten free.  The first time I went I got Salted Caramel, Key Lime, Vanilla and Snickerdoodle.  The second time I got Vanilla with Chocolate icing.  This is definitely going to be my once a week treat.  Love love love!!!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,8/30/2014,37,57,5,6,7>This place has really great food.  I can't remember the last time I had a burger anywhere else; they are a very convenient stop for me on my way home from work.  I am not a big french fry person, but the gravy here has made me a believer; I could not stop eating the last order we got, smothering the boardwalk-style fries in the gravy.  The burgers are cooked from medium to well-done and there are a wide variety of toppings to choose from (some with an additional charge).  The burgers taste like what you would have at a cookout, so good and so welcome during the cold weather we have been enduring so far this year.I knocked a star because I found the pit beef to be greasy and fatty on the occasion that I tried it.  Maybe I just hit them on a bad day for the pit beef; I would be willing to give it another shot.Note that you can order online and the food will be ready and waiting for you when you pull up out front.  And if you check in on Yelp, you can get a free small fry (and please add a side of gravy for me)!I hope this place does well, you can tell that they really care about the product that they are putting out there.  I am happy to be a regular patron and am glad that they are in an area that is so convenient for me on my way out of the city.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/29/2014,334,725,3,9,5>I am still trying to forgive Joss for leaving their loyal customer base high and dry. They closed without notice, left handwritten closed signs on their doors with mail stacked for months and never could give a decent explanation when I called their Annapolis location and even visited in person.Although I still miss their wasabi shumai that is no longer, Ten Ten Ramen is a nice and very needed addition to the Baltimore food scene. SPICY RAMEN! Their ramen is the real deal. Chewy noodles, thick creamy soup base like Northern Japan. I added the bok choy for $2, it was good. The prices are a little higher than I'd like to see but they do a good job. Aunty and Uncle are back in the kitchen. The young guys are up front. They could use more spice in the Spicy Ramen, tweak their customer service and snack display and they'll be better. Maybe then I'll almost forgive them. No one has caught on yet to the fast food idea and bussing their own trays is still a weird concept. They need more water pitchers and small glossy napkins that don't really absorb anything like in Japan and they're set! Oh yeah and figure out a way to add a tasty gluten free noodle option,
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/28/2014,122,108,3,9,9>So I am writing this review because I was encouraged by my husband to do so because he absolutely loved the job this company did on my set of knives and I have to say, I do too! Being that my husband is gone most of the week, it took him months to get to sharpen just one knife that took him 45 mins to do. Well, I have many more in my set that I use daily and since he doesn't have the time to sharpen them all himself... he decided to take it upon himself to seek a professional service. This is the place he found and not only was he impressed by his professionalism but his knowledge and love for the lost art form. Having my knives sharpened perfectly makes cooking for me that much more enjoyable and a whole lot less effort. From what I hear, 95% of his business is from other parts of the World so I would say little ole Millersville has a Rock Star knife sharpening guru residing.           I will be going to Culinary School early next year and I will happily mail off my knives to this business during and after. Although a just a tad bit pricey, the work is fast and well worth it. Take your knives to the experts here!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,8/27/2014,69,53,1,5,5>I was wandering around my neighborhood and at first glance, I noticed a restaurant that was packed with people chatting and sitting outside. I desired some coffee and thought this would be the place. I immediately loved the ambience of the place once I went inside. Typical coffee shop type feel... tables and benches for customers and space for people to sip coffee and work on their laptops. The decor consisted of decorated plates that had the specials of the day listed and designed on the plates. I ordered a large whole milk vanilla latte with 2 extra espresso shots and found myself a table. My latte came in a large mug with a little leaf design which is one of my favorite things about getting coffees from true authentic coffee shops. The flavor of vanilla was just enough and perfectly complimented the espresso shots. I didn't have to add more sugar and it was the right amount of bitter taste that I was looking for. I wish I had an appetite to get food because the food that people had ordered looked quite tasty. I sat in contentment as I sipped my coffee and mentally noted to myself that I would come back. A few things to note is at times the staff seemed short-staff. The 2 baristas/workers were running around making drinks leaving the line to grow longer since no one was manning the register the whole time. I also noticed, the place lacked in space. I had to weave around people in line to get to my table and or avoid the waitress running outside to bring out food. Overall, I still had a great experience and hope to spend more time there.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,8/26/2014,134,129,4,5,4>This is a really nice hotel!! Still new only 2 years old. Very modern and clean! The bed and sheets quality are out this world!! I enjoyed watching movies on their Samsung smart televison. The pixels on the television take the movie to another level. I would suggest getting a room on the top floor because you can get access to the executive suite. In the executive suite you can get snacks and drinks for free they also have a mini office in there to use. There is also the ability to have a late check out at 12pm. Big perks of staying her is the free wifi! Many hotels charge extra for this. They have a free shuttle service that takes you to any place within a 5 mile radius. Which includes the mall and casino. Get that Money!!!   $$$A restaurant and bar attached for dining! Good places! Customer service is efficient not too friendly but will help you out if there is a problem.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,8/25/2014,126,52,4,8,5>This place is seriously legit.  My friend and I ordered Pho Ga (chicken), Tai Chin Nam (steak, brisket, and flank), and spring rolls.  There was only a dollar difference between the small and the large, so we went with the bigger size.  Don't judge, we were mad hungry.  Needless to say, the small would've been totally fine.  Portion size was ridiculous.  So. Much.  Food.  The service was fast and the food was beyond delish.  The pho was perfectly cooked.  The noodles were pleasantly chewy, the broth was crazy flavorful, and the accompanying veggies were so fresh.  The spring rolls were ridiculous and by "ridiculous", I mean ridiculously amazing.  Make sure to try them!  They're the best springs rolls I've ever tried.  Seriously.  I can't wait to go back and try the summer rolls.  I've heard amazing things about them also!Anywho, make sure to check this place out!  If you're looking for an affordable yet scrumptious place to eat, look no further.  Oh, heads up!  The decor here is simple so dress super casually.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,8/24/2014,124,241,4,5,2>First off, it's definitely hidden away so you won't find it unless you're looking for it.Second, I'm in love. You really can't beat two craft beers for $4.50. Oh wait, you can. It's $3.50 for two beers during happy hour. Pretty tasty beers too. During happy hour, all appetizers are $6. The garlic sticks (basically white pizza) was ridiculously good and the soft pretzels were not bad either. I will definitely be back for the pizza and I am soon to make this place my home.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,8/23/2014,416,145,6,8,7>Pikesville, I've foiled your evil plan to keep this place a well kept secret. Finally made my way here last weekend and was pleased with what I found. The stock is plentiful and for the most part everything appears fresh. There were a few side-eyeable sections that needed some refreshing (wrinkly peppers, bags of apples full of bruises) but overall my produce needs were satisfied. The store could use more scales, I was only able to locate two in the entire store so it was a bit of an inconvenience since I wanted to make sure I wasn't spending a fortune. I made out wonderfully on my purchases- six heavy bags of produce for *drumroll please* $29.19. If my wallet is happy, then I'm ecstatic.My sole disappointment was in the lack of identifiable organic products. We all know local doesn't necessarily mean organic and in a produce market that boasts such great prices (which makes me assume that all or some of the produce is local), I wouldn't have had any issue spending more money if Sun Fresh offered organic produce.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,8/22/2014,25,142,1,6,3>I'm no farmers' market expert. In all honesty, I'm easily overwhelmed by too many choices, so I wanted to introduce myself to farmers' markets slowly. The Fells Point market is pretty close to my house, so it was an easy walk and pretty convenient!As other Yelpers have mentioned, the space is fairly small, but there are still some great options! My boyfriend and I started off with a sample of the spicy guacamole. It didn't taste that spicy at first, but it definitely sneaks up on you! The avocado, tomatoes and onions are definitely fresh, which makes all the difference. We next moved on to the donuts. I'm all about the maple bacon donuts! The sweet and salty combination is amazing! I was happy to finally get the opportunity to try Zeke's coffee, and the iced coffee did not disappoint! My favorite purchase of the day though was the breakfast Panini. The eggs were cooked perfectly and it was super cheesy and packed with bacon! It made for a delicious breakfast. Of course we had to get some fresh produce before we left! We left with fresh rhubarb and strawberries to make our own compote. I was very pleased with the Fells Point Farmers' Market and am looking forward to coming back!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/21/2014,55,370,5,6,7>Friends, be ye not so foolish as I; wait not another moment to partake of the ethereal pleasure of The Bun Shop. My archaic lede proves that the excellence of these pastries transcends even the bounds of modern language!I stopped by to fortify myself at the beginning of a very long day. Vietnamese iced coffee: sweet, creamy brew with just enough of a bitter coffee bite at the back end to wake you up. Tiny pieces of crushed ice that melt right into a kind of caffeinated Slurpee. But the real stars here are the buns. (Yes, I've been waiting to say that.) Oh, my. I bought four to share with the group and was lucky to score a bite of each one before they disappeared: chopped spinach and spiced onions blended with salty feta; tender sliced ham and blistered Gruyere; creamy ricotta and vibrant guava jam, each half-buried under an undulating, flaky crust. The last one, called a Rotiboy, was very different: a round, puffy doughnut with a buttery, savory sauce inside. Sweet, salty, crispy, chewy goodness that should be mandatory with each visit.Besides that, the girls behind the counter were incredibly friendly and helpful, but not in-your-face chatty, and the interior has a cool East-Asian vibe that's very relaxing. I would be in here every day if I lived closer, but the distance is probably a good thing. :)
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/20/2014,73,124,4,9,7>This particular part of the massive 16,000 plus acres of forest known as Patapsco State Park is by far my favorite. For years I visited the Mckeldin Area in Marriottsville . Which is also a beautiful area. However there is something magical and mystical about the Avalon Area. I swear it reminds me of being lost in time. From the Cascade Waterfall where it seems little gnomes are going to pop out any minute. Then you have the suspension bridge which is historical because of the Mill worker who would use the bridge to go back and forth to work, crossing a few feet above the river. The old dilapidated  cobble stone and brick structure sprinkled through the park will have you wondering of how things may have been many many years ago.  I brought my children with me on a "day at the park " adventure. The had a wonderful time, and at 6 dollars for entry fee a backpack with water, snacks and first aid it was also a inexpensive way to entertain them. Far better and cheaper than a movie or amusement park. Don't get me wrong I enjoy both of the aforementioned activities, but there is nothing quite like watching your son look on in amazement at the snake perched on a rocks ledge under a small waterfall eat tiny fish swimming up stream. Or watching my daughter try to skip rocks in the river. By the end of our 3 hour hike through the park. I had sleepy children with memories they can cherish for a life time.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,8/19/2014,35,151,1,5,4>Dropped in last minute for dinner with the wife and child. We had a good experience with Ethiopian food down in Burtonsville so were happy to find a place nearby. The proprietors were very friendly and chatted with us without being intrusive to our meal time. They made us feel like guests rather than just customers. We had the combination platter with beef, chicken, spicy lamb, cabbage, lentils, and pumpkin. If you've never had Ethiopian food, it was served on a platter on top of injera which is a thin soft spongy bread. You break of pieces of the injera and use that to pick up the meat/veggies. No utensils here other than the ones you were born with. All the food was really good.There are other things on the menu but I'd recommend trying one of the platters for first timers. Don't feel intimidated. They'll help you out with any questions or concerns.It's a small place and they've only been around for a little over a year, but if they keep doing what they're doing with the good food and friendliness, they should be blowing up soon. Try the coffee after dinner. Nice strong flavor. Tigist (the restaurant's name is based off her name) came out to chat with us and show me how to properly pour the coffee.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/18/2014,74,176,,4,5>Yuum Yuum Yummm, I don't know if you have been to the other location in Baltimore or even D.C . But Seriously  this is a added Gem to our neighborhood.  They  are in the old Tremont Cafe Location attached to what used to be the Tremont Hotel. Quality food, freshly baked items and to die for croissants.  I work a few blocks from here and was literally stalking the location to watch for the opening. Things to add to your to try list:Ham & Cheese CrossantsMadeleinesChocolate Chip and Walnut CookiesCheesecake with Fruit Fraisier CakeThis location has has space to eat  in while the other Bmore location did not. The staff is super friendly and in educated on the items.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/17/2014,20,137,2,6,2>Came here late night for drinks and oysters.  Whoa!  Awesome.  It's located underground around the corner from Dooby's and the Helmand.  It's an incubator spot for small businesses run and owned by Dooby's.  Their business must be good because they are planning to move sometime soon to another downtown location.Inside is clean, with a hipster/NYC vibe similar to Dooby's and thankfully not dive bar/grunge bar Baltimore style.  The staff was welcoming, knowledgeable and passionate about what they do.  The oysters were fantastic.  We had an assortment of local raised oysters and some from the West coast, in addition to some clams.  I didn't try any of the sauces etc because they were sooo tasty.  Perfectly shucked, meaty, sweet and briney.  I don't know how $ they were because a few of us just split the bill.  However, if you appreciate awesome oysters then it is totally worth it. There also seemed to be a nice assortment of beers and liquor for those with discerning taste.  Thames St. does great work with oysters but Dylan et al are better.  Good luck to these guys... and I'll be back.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/16/2014,10,101,1,7,5>We stopped by here for lunch on a Saturday. It's in a great location. It was not very crowded.  The wine list is impressive and their cheese list as well.  The waiter was very knowledgeable about the wines and cheese.  We really enjoyed the cheese the waiter recommended and I enjoyed the wine on tap and the wine flight I got. Cool atmosphere.  There's a New Orleans influence, as they are having crawfish poboys and red beans and rice for their Mardi Gras party this year.  It's like Napa Valley meets New Orleans.I had the special, Thai salad with shrimp which was very good.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,8/15/2014,240,594,5,4,5>The thing about a restaurant that has a menu where you literally want to stuffyour face with every dish is...you can't not give it 4 stars!Taste of aloha is such a restaurant. How can I choose between a loco moco, spam musubi, teri pork, and chicken katsu??  Hardest decision ever. We ended up trying to katsu (average katsu accompanied with AMAZING sauce) and Teri pork (moist, smokey,loved the Teri). Wash it all down with some POG juice! The only major negative of this place: not one dish is healthy. It's either beef, fried, fatty, or served with mayonnaise laden macaroni salad. Overall loving the taste of hawaii near Baltimore!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,8/14/2014,43,311,5,5,6>A surprise all the way around. Usually, when I hear "vegan" and "gluten-free" I think "gypsum" and "gag-suppressant." But not here. I thoroughly enjoyed my goat (meat!) curry; I'll say it wasn't "baaa-aaaad." (Couldn't resist--it was better than that!)And in my ongoing cupcake research (you're welcome), the Meyer Lemon was delicious. Moist, pleasantly heavy and with just the right citrus tang.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/13/2014,10,89,6,5,5>At the top of my list of 'Bars to go to more often'A nice break from the craziness of Fells Point, Bad Decision is a great neighborhood corner bar.  Known for it's Bacon Happy Hours and obscure liquor collection.  You never know what you're going to see when you walk in the door. It could be packed, it could just be some old guy a few local weirdos, or it could be a girls roller derby team.    John the owner is a great guy who works really hard on the place and I'm glad to see the bar is still going strong as he now owns the Sausage shop next store too.  Though I must say I do miss the crooked poster of 'The Rock' in the men's bathroom.  Always watching, judging  with his one raised eye-brow just waiting to smack down your drunken antics.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,8/12/2014,80,198,4,12,2>Heavy Seas!! Grab your life vest and jump right in, the Heavy Seas Brewery will save you and make you a believer! The brewery is located in a warehouse complex so when you enter you think, I am either at the right place or the start of a scary movie... but lucky for you, it's the brewery! Once you enter, you are greeted to a warm inviting tap room which several taps, tables and stools. This is also where the brewery tours start! We were here for a brewery tour so we started off at the tap room. If you are here for tour, you pay $5, which is way cheap, you get 5 drink tokens and a Heavy Seas pint glass to KEEP along with the tour itself. The tokens you can use before, during and after your tour and you can linger and stay for as long as you want, which is one the things that makes Heavy Seas so awesome!! Once you get your tokens, you wait till the next tour starts, note that you need to register for the tours in advance!! While waiting, you go sample the beers using your tokens. The bartenders usually give you health pours, not a full pint but almost half way! Which is much more than I can say for other brewery's. Once your tour starts you are lead on a tour of the entire brewery and depending on the date and timing of your tour you get different people, when we went we actually had the OWNER of the brewery do our tour, Hugh Sisson!! He provided great insight, knowledge and humor to the tour which was great! He showed us, hops, barley and other ingredients all the while cracking jokes and keeping the tour light hearted and about beer, which is really why you are here!! So my hat goes off to tour guides!! They do a great job no matter who you get(I have had 2-3 tours all by different people). The tour starts and stops at the tap room, now that your brain is full of beer knowledge you now  get to fill your stomach with beer!! You can now take the remaining tokens and try all the great beer that you just learned about! You can sip, talk, lounge for as long as you want! Even after your tokens are done, you can buy drinks and even buy growlers to take home! So you get to sample all their beers and then if you want, take some home (growlers or six pack/case) So overall, Heavy Seas brewery is a hit with their great tap room, beers and great service you can't go wrong with this place!! I would highly recommend anyone coming back multiple times!! Heck I have! So grab your eye patch and your peg leg, Beer ahead!! Arrr!!!Cheers mates!!Note: they now offer food trucks so you can now get food while you drinks! Winning!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/11/2014,145,325,2,10,7>I'm gonna go on a limb here and make a bold proclamation:  Parts & Labor is Baltimore's best new restaurant in 2014.  Yes, I know there are another six more months in the year... but after coming here a few times already, I'm impressed with the quality of the food and the service of the waitstaff.  I'm even more impressed given the fact it's only been six weeks since their opening; most new restaurants need time to iron out the kinks...but P&L seems to have quickly started running on all six cylinders.In case you haven't heard, P&L is the most recent restaurant coming from Spike Gjerde's (of Woodberry Kitchen) restaurant group.  The restaurant takes over where an old, dilapidated car tire shop used to be.  Having driven by that tire shop thousands of times over the past ten years (used to go to school/live in the area), I'd never dream it'd become a trendy, high-quality restaurant. But it has! Parts & Labor seems to be a perfect name for the store as it relates both to automobiles and butchery, the focus of this restaurant.  And like Spike's other restaurants, there is a focus on local, sustainable food.Anyways, the building has been gorgeously renovated and is absolutely beautiful inside.  It takes on a similar interior design feel to Spike's other restaurants; somewhat rustic, somewhat modern, and a little hipster too.  It's a beautiful space.  You can either get private booths or eat at one of the several communal tables.  I prefer the booths because the communal tables don't have backs on their stools."But what about the FOOD?"  Yeah, yeah, I know.  I got you covered :)  On my most recent outing to P&L, my table ordered the following items: the culotte, the tri-tips, and the quick steak (all medium rare).  We also ordered two sausages (the Earl and the Maple Kielbasa).  Our table of four also shared the braised kale, the roasted beets, and the sweet potatoes.The meats were all great and cooked perfectly.  The quick steak was a larger cut of meat than the culotte and tri-tips, but was also fattier.  It was good though!  The culotte and tri-tip were both less fatty.  The tri-tip had a more burnt-tasting crust to it (I mean that in a good way!) while the culotte seemed to be a tad bit more tender.  The sausages were great too.  The Earl was an all beef sausage that was on the spicier side of things.  The Maple Kielbasa was obviously sweeter.  But it was actually less sweet than I had expected it to be; the maple was a supporting player in the flavor show... it was not a crazed diva trying to hog the limelight.  The Maple Kielbasa was also incredibly juicy and a joy to eat.The sides were also top notch.  I remembered that the collard greens were among the best collard greens I ever had.  However, it was not on the menu on my most recent trip; I went with the braised kale, which I thought would be prepared in a similar fashion.  It was... and was also a great choice.  Kale normally is a little bitter, but they were able to minimize the bitterness while bringing out some more savory/sweet flavors.  The beets and the sweet potato were simply prepared (just prepared on the hearth and sprinkled with a little bit of coarse salt).  Both were good though I honestly could have done without the salt.All in all, it was a great meal.  Our server Isaac was on top of everything.  He actually recognized me from my last trip to P&L too several weeks earlier!  I was impressed; there were no issues with the service here.Price-wise, it was fairly reasonable (we're talking about the restaurant, not the butcher shop which is a little pricey).  All of the cuts of meats were under $20 (save for one or two).  Although the portion size is a little smaller than say Outback, the quality of the meat and preparation is far better.  At the end of the meal though, the check came out to average around $25 a person (if we took out the cost of alcohol) plus tip.  That's certainly not as pricey as Woodberry and not too much more than a meal at Outback.  Not bad at all in my opinion.It's definitely one of Baltimore's more exciting new restaurants...and one I can see myself going back to over and over again.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/10/2014,102,155,5,5,4>Went there about 2 weeks ago and the menu looks hipper. My friend loves that place because she feels the crabs are THE BEST. I also like it because they serve alaskan snow crab and seared scallops in addition to just Maryland crabs. The crabs come quickly. You can sit inside or slightly outside (in a canopy adjoined to the restaurant), and there's a sink nearby for you to rinse your hands. They gave a complimentary apple pie cheesecake or key lime pie for our friend's birthday dinner which was really nice. You can go out on a nice day to the back and hang out on the "pier" which makes for a unique experience. Highly recommended if you are able to trek up to Annapolis!P.S. Huge onion rings...their fries are so good too, coming from a person who doesn't like fries!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,8/9/2014,16,213,3,5,4>I need a moment to appreciate the beef brisket. It is sooo moist and juicy. The baby back ribs are meaty but not fall off the bone which can be a good thing. It normally has a long line during lunch time. The wait can be over 30 minutes. Do call and order in advance, you can stroll to the side pick up door and be the envy of other people in line. I did some sauce tasting. Mission BBQ sauce is my fav among their other sauces.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/8/2014,15,16,2,13,11>This was an awesome place. We came here half an hour before they closed and the wait staff was wonderful. They answered questions with expertise and recommended some food to try.They were very attentive and quite helpful for us who had never been to an Indian restaurant.We started with the vegetable appetizer. I had chicken tikka masala and hubby had chicken hyderabadi, both medium spice. We had regular basmati rice, and yogurt sauce. We ordered the basic naan and the bhatara. I also had the daal soup. They gave us khulfi for dessert. Our servers were from Nepal and very helpful and very respectful.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/7/2014,23,7,2,7,4>We bring our Corgi here regularly for grooming and to buy her toys and treats. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. They always do an awesome job when grooming her too! They always do what they can to make our pup happy. I would highly recommend anyone in the Federal Hill and surrounding neighborhoods to bring your dog here. Love this place!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,8/6/2014,58,142,1,3,2>Came here today for the first time. Nikki was my technician and she was great. She was very sweet and helped rid me of the awful nail job I'd received a few weeks earlier at another salon. She took her time and gave me a great fill with gel polish. I can't comment on their pedicures since I didn't get one this time around, but there are 9 chairs set inside of a dimly lit alcove. It looked really relaxing, and I noticed that if you want to read, they can turn the lights up near your chair. Avalon was very clean and everyone was professional. They play pretty good music inside too! I really enjoyed my time there and will definitely return in the future. If you are wondering where they are located, they're in the same shopping center as Christopher's restaurant (right next door, actually).  It's the shopping center right next door to the Crofton Post Office.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/5/2014,11,102,3,3,3>Holy free books batman!I had a bunch of books I wanted to get rid of and this was the perfect place to donate my books! I felt like they were going to a better place than if I had donated them to Good Will. This place was larger than I expected, but man it was really hot in there. It is what it is. Its a pretty cool place. I will definitely bring a tote bag next time I come here. I was dumb and didn't bring one the first time.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,8/4/2014,67,56,5,5,4>A nice little find in Laurel right outside the Route 32 Fort Meade gate.  We rolled in deep with a party of 12 during prime-time lunch hour.  The joint is compact, with only 4 small tables.  However, the crab gods were good to us--we lucked out and somehow grabbed seating for everyone.  It was HOT, doors propped open with only a few fans circulating hot air--no AC action up in here.  As a foodie, sometimes flexibility is the key to fine dining (see what I did there).  But I digress, let's get to the food...which was outstanding.  I'm not gonna lie.  When we lined up to order and glancing around the place, I was certain this was a bad decision--as in it was gonna take an hour to get our food.  But hey, sometimes you gotta have a little faith in these mom and pop joints.  Casey's Crab company does not back down from long lines, they welcome it--that's when they step up and bring you their A-game.  The food came out fresh within 15 minutes--one can say they are a well-oiled machine here.    I had the crabcake sandwich with hush puppies and slaw--all delicious.  I grew up a little in the south (the dirty dirty) where you eat hush puppies with cocktail sauce (that's a pro-tip for you right there)...which were really good here.  I like to try coleslaw at every restaurant I visit.  Usually in Maryland I am disappointed when I do this (see my Royal Pizza review), however, the slaw here was pretty good--different, but good.  I couldn't nail it down, but I think they add a little old bay seasoning to the slaw mixture.  The crabcake itself was excellent, and the portion was not skimpy, with no fillers.  Everyone's food was looking on point.  Looking out back the patio-screened door, you can see Casey and his crew steaming large orders of fresh crabs for carry out.  Everything was going great until, out of nowhere in mid-bite, someone in the group screamed, "WASP!!!".  Holy crap I've never seen so many grown adults freak out with unholstered hats swatting at this bad boy.  Crab cakes and tarter sauce flying all over the place....fortunately no casualties, just good laughs.  One of the downsides I guess to having the front doors wide open.   Casey and his crew took good care of us, and were really nice people.  I will definitely be back with family and friends to explore the menu.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/3/2014,49,161,4,11,6>From now on, I only trust my eyebrows to Shannon. I'll only look surprised when I'm actually surprised...I'll spare you the particulars. Just know that when Shannon is in charge of your landscaping, you can sit back and relax. I forgot to pop a Motrin beforehand, but she was so gentle that it wasn't a problem. Easy to talk to, and down-to-earth, Shannon is the best friend that you wish you had. She really is too cool for school. She'll get in there and tidy things up for you in no time. I ended up getting a French bikini wax and my eyebrows threaded during my lunch break. And, I still had time to grab tea and a pastry at the coffee shop on the next block.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/2/2014,11,61,1,7,3>Two words: tiramisu doughnut. Where have you been all my life? A perfectly soft, glazed doughnut filled with Mascarpone cream and topped with a coffee glaze, which was then dusted with cocoa powder. Tasted exactly like tiramisu but better. I ate it so fast I forgot to take a picture and then I went back inside to snag one and they were all gone. The smoked turkey sandwich and roasted red pepper sandwich were divine as well. So many unique components, like the pistachio pesto and the jalapeño aioli, I can't list them all. The bread was soft and fluffy and the homemade chips might be the best I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/1/2014,84,67,6,10,7>I'm speaking from a Korean's perspective - Honey Pig is pretty legit. I would definitely advise going with more than 2, just to try the various kinds. Attentive service -there's a bell you can press at every table and they also go around cooking your meat. Fair prices for the amount of meat you devour! This isn't the fanciest restaurant, but one you may be able to find at every street in Korea, ahem authenticity.We tried a few, and our favorites were: -Kalbi/LA Beef Rib-Spicy Pork Belly (go for the non-spicy if you can't take the heat). I mean, you got to try at least two animals, right? The waiter recommended the Sliced Prime Rib if we wanted to be more fancy, but we decided to go old school and do the Bulgogi and Pork Kalbi. Bulgogi was a little dry for me, but my friends really liked it. No complaints with the pork kalbi. The meal comes with various Korean side dishes, but the ones I most enjoyed were the Fermented soy bean paste soup (Doenjang jjigae), which some Americans dislike for the smell, and the steamed egg. It's great putting the kimchi and garlic on the grill for extra taste to put into the lettuce/meat/rice combo wrap that you can make. They also give you bean sprouts to cook with the meat. Note: you can always ask for more for some of the sides (like the lettuce, kimchi, etc.).Why not try some Korean drinks while you're at it? Soju is always the one known (a bit like sake/vodka), but my favorite has always been makgeoli (milky white rice wine), especially the ones that are flavored.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,7/31/2014,496,104,7,7,4>Great place for ice cream! They were totally slammed as it was a hot night after a holiday weekend but they had enough young friendly staff to work through the line quite quickly. So, if you arrive and see a line out the door, don't turn away...they'll get to you faster than you might think. The ice cream flavors were all unique. I got Dutch apple pie but also samples the Thai Tea flavor and the Oreo one (tons of real Oreos and other yummy treats.) I think I saw most people leaving with a waffle cone, I'm guessing that's what they're well known for because the girl in the back was making more as fast as she could! Their dairy is all locally sourced from what appeared to be happy cows on humane farms, I hope it's true because I rarely eat ice cream for just that reason! It's also well located at the end of the main drag through Hampden so there's great dinner and shopping nearby.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,7/30/2014,68,146,7,6,5>PLT: pancetta lettuce and heirloom tomato. What?!??I don't even know where to begin.  I love it.  Every ounce from the cute older men having lunch to the fact that the family runs the entire operation. This is old school Italian Baltimore market food hotspot, including the brownstone location.  Look at this place!  I wish I had the sense to take a few pics while inside, but alas...I have to admit, I was a little confused when you walk in.  There is a counter with a cash register immediately to the right and there are dining tables straight ahead.  As you walk towards the table, the walls are lined with drinks - beers, soda, and wine.  Off to the right, you can see the deli counter.  Oh, my... the deli counter.  Olives, roasted and grilled veggies, octopus and calamari, and slices of their I went for lunch on a relatively hot day - so no lasagna for me.   I had a hard time choosing off the menu - prosciutto melt? their version of a cuban sammie? caprese? Finally, one of the folks there recommended the PLT from the specials board.  This is not your normal BLT with a pancetta substitute.  That is a glorious crunchy toasty baguette slathered with a zesty herbaceous aioli and with layers of crisp lettuce.  Is your mouth watering yet?  I can't decide which I liked best: the flavorful red and sweet yellow heirloom tomatoes, or the perfectly cooked crumbly, flaky, salty pancetta.  Take your pick.  I want 97 more.  All of that for under $8 - what?! what?!Now, my friend immensely enjoyed her Marcella Caprese sammie.  She often chooses anything with fresh mozzarella and basil.   It came on a little different bread - but similar crunchy and chewy and italian style, with fresh mozz, tomatoes, tons of basil and olive oil.  Very good - she didn't even share... But, not as unique as my PLT.  My friend also took home some of their grilled eggplant and camponata - which both looked and smelled amazing.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/29/2014,69,158,2,10,5>Went in here because I had a craving for noodles.  I still had memories of when it was Bang Bang Mongolian and wasn't expecting anything spectacular... but I was wowed from the second I walked in!The decor has changed to a really sexy dark red and black color scheme.  My man friend and I chose to sit at a high table in the bar area which was dim enough that we forgot it was daylight outside.  Our server, Carlton, came over immediately to get our drinks started and explain the menu.  You can choose from fixed entree items, such as a variety of Asian themed salads, glazed salmon, ribs, stir fry, a naan burger, etc... or you can make your own noodle bowl for $10.99 (lunch portion with 2 proteins) or $14.99 (dinner portion with 3 proteins).  Obviously my man friend and I chose the noodle bowl option, and Carlton walked with us up to the area when you put together your own ingredients and have it cooked on the grill.They had a TON of fresh toppings, and I was especially wowed by the protein choices: scallops, shrimp, rib eye, sausage salmon, pork, tofu.... The list goes on and on!  The chef scoops out the meats of your choice, and then you pile on your veggies, seasonings, and sauces.  At the end, you tell the chef what type of noodles you want, and he turns your pile of grub into a drool-worthy noodle bowl which is brought over to your table, so no need to crowd around the grill (unless you want to watch the chef in action)!And then there's my favorite thing about this place: THE BAR.  We ended up talking to the front of house manager, Anishia, and she was telling us about the crazy good HH specials, including 1/2 price beers, $3 rail drinks, $4 wines, and menu items for 50% off.  HH at Soyombo is not just the regular weekday thing, but also a late night HH on Friday and Saturday from 10-close!!!!  Also, while we were there, Anishia was talking about testing a blood orange crush.  AMAZINGNESS!!!!For a place that just opened a few weeks ago, they sure are running smoothly.  I highly recommend this place.  Big thanks to Carlton at the bar for awesome service!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,7/28/2014,23,62,4,4,3>This review is for my beloved SWISS ARMY watch. I took the watch to be cleaned and have a link put in. The new link was only $18.00 (of course I could not find the old links) and the "spa treatment" was steep (40, I think) but I really think it was worth it. My watch looks brand new!!! And I don't even know which is the new link!! Yeah Smyth is $$$$$$ but I'm pleased with the work they do. Also, if you need to bring someone along who does not want to go into a jewelry store (maybe a child or a significant other perhaps) be sure to bribe them with be warm cookies and the popcorn machine!!!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/27/2014,9,110,4,3,3>After several years in the area, this is still my go to pizza place. They always have a 1 large pizza 1-topping carryout special, which i regularly take advantage of (about 8-9 dollars). Early 2013, the pizza quality seemed a little less consistent, but recent months they have been consistently giving high quality pizzas (thicker crusts, good ratio of cheese to sauce, and plenty of toppings). Their Indian food is still awesome too (even better than their pizza). I love their vindaloo and aloo gobi especially. It's a bit pricier though, which is why I don't buy it too often. Anyway, give Gateway a try if you have not already. It's a very good local take out place.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,7/26/2014,11,92,5,6,4>Delicious food - most everyone's review covered it so far. I'll only add a little insight into the cost. A small side of fava beans and leeks - roughly about a 1/2 cup in size - cost $7. Four sea scallops over polenta was $16. Three gnudi, a little larger than ravioli, were $13. So, the food, the ambiance, etc - yes! Very nice! But don't expect to get a satisfying/filling meal for less than $100 for 2 people, more probably if you include wine. And how could you not at this place?
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,7/25/2014,27,211,4,4,3>To date, I had the best pad thai I've ever had. Was able to dabble in some fried green beans, summer rolls with peanut sauce and thai tacos as well which were all quite tasty, though not all are vegetarian friendly. My friend had Talay noodles, which had a great flavor and were full of fresh seafood. Servers were friendly and prompt. Try the Berry my Thai drink, it's kind of sweet, but if you're into that it packs a punch!I would enjoy coming back.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,7/24/2014,219,293,9,11,9>I've heard about this place through numerous TV shows such as: The Wire, Man V Food, and DDD. I've known about this place for over half a decade and never stopped by until today.It wasn't easy going there because I'm not used to Baltimore streets like I was before. All the random street lights, some being right after the other. Drivers going nuts and pot holes everywhere. And then when I pulled in, I saw a strip club called The Gentlemens club and was confused until I drove further in and saw the famous Chaps Pit Beef to my left. What a relief!I went inside and it felt great. Watching this place in TV shows and now I'm in here, it felt surreal. I ordered The Raven and the Chaps Special. Medium rare for both, got tiger sauce on em but forgot the onions dammit! Including a large half and half which cost a total of about 20 bucks and some change. Good prices IMO.I admit, watching Wee Bey and the other characters from the TV show, "The Wire", eating this stuff, I thought the bread wasn't going to be that great and the meat would be stringy and a bit dry. However, I was completely wrong.After pouring in the tiger sauce and taking my huge first bite, I almost cried because I've never had such a sandwich like this in my life. Call it overrated or say it's not that great, fine, I respect your opinion but for me, this was an experience never to be forgotten. I ate both sub, sandwich, whatever it's called in 5 minutes. It was so good that I didn't realize how fast I ate them. A sad moment...First time coming here, the woman that took my order was very helpful and the food came out in a couple minutes. The best pit beef I've ever had and the best sandwich I've ever had.5 stars hands down.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/23/2014,10,127,2,7,3>Fabulous.  Exceptional service at great prices, which is why I bumped this up to 5 stars.  Halo appears to be a sweet, family run place looking to play in the big leagues with some lovely modern chairs and displays.  But what really got me here was the lovely personalities of the staff, the strong english skills (makes me feel so much more relaxed to not have to defend some of my "crazy" tendencies, like no cutting of the cuticles), and the quality work.$14 manicure, $5 gel tip removal -- and a great hand massage!  Yes!  I'll be back!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/22/2014,157,175,1,9,5>Okay, so shame on me for not writing sooner. I've now been to this place 3 times. It's definitely in my regular rotation when looking for dining in Towson. This place has it all, cute atmosphere, great service, delicious food. It's BYOB which they can brag they were my "first" and now I love it. I'm a wine drinker and let me tell ya it is nice to be able to bring my own and not have to pay. They do charge a fee but it's very minor and who cares you aren't buying any drinks while you're there! Anyhoo. The place is tiny I would HIGHLY recommend a reservation. There are probably roughly 10 tables. The place is so charming, there are Cuban cigar boxes on each table with photos and trinkets from areas of Cuba. Great conversation starters. I have had the Ropa Vieja twice and this last time I had a pulled pork dish. Most entrees come with rice and black beans and sweet plantains. I've loved everything from here. For appetizers, I was a tad disappointed with the croquetas appetizer. It only came with two pieces and they weren't very large. I LOVE the tostones con mojo. They are twice fried green plantains (the non sweet way) with an oniony dipping sauce. Get it, you'll like it. I'm not a sweets LOVER but they have a lot of really yummy looking desserts. The first time we were there we had the vanilla flan - they have so many different kinds! All in all, I think you'll be quite pleased with Havana Road. It's charming, and the food is delicious. So for me, that's a win-win!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/21/2014,155,226,4,9,5>4/28/14This is actually my second time to this new Mexican restaurant in my area. I forgot to write up a review for the first time, but I pretty much got the same thing and had a great experience so here we go.......I am not too crazy about chain restaurant Mexican food and I was excited to try this place out when my sister told me about it the first time in Feb. This go round my boyfriend was in town from California and he is a hard one to please when it comes to Mexican food. It is so fresh and authentic out in Cali so he can be hard to please.This place is located in one of the shopping centers near my place that houses a Giant grocery and many other businesses. So the parking lot is busy and regularly full the times I have come there, but I was able to find a good spot close to the restaurant. The décor is very Mexican to say the least (no offense). The hostess is always very friendly and shows us to our booth where my boyfriend had a friend he wanted to catch up with was waiting. They waitress had already supplied complimentary chips and salsa to the table already. The booths are very comfy and roomy. The waitress Joslyn (I think) and her trainee came right on over to greet us and take our drink orders. We all got a round of the sangria margaritas!! SO YUMMMM!!! I got my first one frozen which gave me serious brain freeze but I got it on the rocks the second round. The boo liked it and he is a straight tequila drinker so good start. For an appetizer we ordered the holy guacamole. My boyfriend was impressed and liked that they have someone come out and make it fresh to your liking in front of the group. Slowly winning him over at this point. The guacamole was so good and an awesome start to our meal. I ordered from the build your own combo menu. I got the chicken quesadilla, burrito, and enchilada, which comes with a side. I ordered the guacamole salad. The boo got the Mojarra Frita, which is the whole tilapia fish seasoned and fried served with rice and pico de galo. Both dishes were AMAZING! Things to take note on: -the guacamole salad is just a salad that they put some guacamole on, still good but very simple. I guess I expected something else. -the whole fish dish is super yum. Just not enough meat on the fish so you  feel like you are longing for more. When this normally done it is a meatier fish.We also got the Molcajete Cabo which is marinated shrimp and scallops grilled with peppers, onions, and tomatoes topped with a pineapple-ranchero sauce and grated cheese served with warm tortillas. This was also delicious. My boyfriend said at the end of our meal that this is going on his list of places to eat when he is in town again. He loved it and I was glad! Hard to please the foodie sometimes lol I.....I mean WE will definitely be back! The staff, food, and drinks are amazing! Why wouldn't we!!!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,7/20/2014,7,138,4,6,4>I've been to this Hibachi Grill several times, and it hasn't ever disappointed me.  It's a typical Chinese food buffet restaurant with a few unique aspects.  Last Saturday night, it was about as good as I remember.  If you're very picky about the quality of your food, you may not enjoy it.  Paying about $10 for an all-you-can-eat buffet on a Saturday night is a fantastic deal.  A slightly smaller buffet is available at lunchtime for a few dollars less.  It gets very crowded during prime times, but the wait usually isn't too long.  The staff has always been friendly.There's just about every typical chicken dish you can think of, in addition to many other items (listed below).  I haven't ever tried something that I really didn't like here.  There's a sushi section which probably wouldn't appeal to sushi snobs, but I like it.  I suppose a highlight is the made-to-order Hibachi section in the back.  You get to choose the items you'd like, and a chef grills them in front of you (I haven't tried it).  There are standard Hibachi items next to it that are already cooked.  If you're hungry and not on a strict diet, check it out!  Here are some things I can remember from the buffet:Chicken:  General Tso's, sesame, pineapple, chicken and broccoli, BBQ, Hibachi, walnut, chicken teriyaki on a stick, sweet-and-sour, ThailandSoups:  hot and sour, egg dropRice:  fried, white, and hibachiSeafood:  pepper shrimp, stuffed shrimp, fried scallops, imitation crabmeat bake, stone crab legs, fried squid rings, cold octopus, and several varieties of sushiOther items:  Beef and broccoli, ham, pizza, cheese wonton, "prime rib," fried fish, baked salmonFruits/Vegetables:  salad bar, fried plantains, buttery corn on the cob, pineapple, cantaloupe, sauteed mushrooms, cooked mixed vegetablesDessert:  hard ice cream (several varieties), mini donuts, small pieces of cheesecake, chocolate and white cake
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/19/2014,133,198,1,6,4>So I was sick and in search of the cure all for any illness...matzah ball soup. Trust me, for some reason it just cures everything.  Found this place on yelp. What's that!?!? They have amazing brisket!?I'm all in. Packed up and rolled out. When you walk in this place has the feel of an old school Jewish deli in NY. I went with the brisket on rye wit mustard. Why? Because you have to, it's tradition. I saw some reviews that were complaining about having to get cheese on the side. Number one, you better come correct and brush up on the Jewish culture. Meat and dairy are not served together, so your lucky to even get cheese. Number 2, the people behind the counter were very sarcastic so you better bring a sense and humor. Back to the brisket...OY! It was moist and flavorful and carver right out of the oven and the rye bread was really good. My wife went with the roast beef and it was solid as well. While we were sitting there, they kept bringing us stuff to try. I felt like I was at a Jewish grandmother's house! The cole slaw was pretty solid but I will tell you, that chopped liver was to die for. I highly recommend it. It's really rich and had a slight minerally taste to it. I believe it even had egg in it which was different for me. Of course they have a fridge unit stocked with matzah ball soup. It was really good soup. The matzah balls were really buttery, it was perfect. Just what I was looking for. This place was fantastic and I will absolutely return. We went for lunch so you got a sandwich, kosher chips and a drink for $10! It was great. For that price and quality this was by far the best brisket I have had in the city; it was also the best matzah ball soup I have had here too. Go git you some! Ess gesunt!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,7/18/2014,60,84,4,5,3>Came her with my boyfriend, his mom, and her boyfriend (at mom's boyfriend's suggestion). I was wary of a place in an over-developed, mall/condo combo, and because I had heard it was a chain, but I was VERY pleasantly surprised.The atmosphere is very nice; brightly colored, well decorated, and at the same time very cool and elegant. I immediately noticed they had an entire section of the menu dedicated to guacamole, and there was a very tempting chef's special with crab meat  I believe, but we went with traditional. It was fresh and well-seasoned, and I love that it was served with  tortilla chips as well as plantain and yucca chips. I ended up getting the braised beef ropa vieja appetizer portion as my entree, and i was glad I went with the smaller size because it was a very generous portion. I love ropa vieja and I am very picky about it, and I was very impressed. It was flavorful and rich, and was served with more delicious plantain chips and a spicy aioli. We did not get dessert because we were too full, but the sweet potato donuts looked phenomenal from the table next to us (sorry for being nosy and then loudly sniffing...). I did have some cuban coffee though, which is delicious. It was perfect and authentic and served with a slice of sugar cane.We'll definitely be back, even though there are tons of other amazing places in Nap Town.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/17/2014,97,64,3,4,3>I've only been here for the beef bimbibap and I love it! It's my current obsession for lunch during work. It's around $7 for a bowl and $1 for extra meat. It's definitely worth the money especially since the 'Green Bowl Truck' tries to charge you $12 for a smaller bowl. Here, each bowl includes your choice of meat, carrots, an egg, cucumbers, onions, rice, bean sprouts, noodles, etc. You are guaranteed to be full whether you are a guy or girl.The bimbibap here is more authentic and the hot sauce they use is the bomb. The Green Bowl is missing a lot of the flavor that comes with bimbibap and therefore is trash for $12. Don't waste your time there and take the extra steps to the market and stop by Lucia's!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,7/16/2014,8,109,14,8,9>Stopping by Bottega on a Snowy EveningWhose table this is I think I know.His house is in the suburbs, though;He will not see me stopping hereTo watch my plate fill up with delicious home made Italian food.All my friends will think it queerTo stop without a police car nearBetween downtown and a street called LakeAt a place where you can bring your own beer.We order pasta, duck and steakSo perfect that it makes me quake.The bruschetta apps will make you weepWe finished with salted caramel cake.My Bordeaux wine is dark and deepAnd the final bill was not too steep.This reservation you must keep.This reservation you must keep.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,7/15/2014,49,138,11,11,7>If you're a foodie and you come here, be prepared for sensory overload. Come with an empty stomach and empty reusable shopping bags, leave with a full belly and thousands and thousands of kcals worth of rich, decadent foodstuffs. After numerous visits over the years and trying a lot of what's offered, I've devised a foolproof gameplan of how to navigate the indoor market in a mere 16 steps! Ready? Here it is:1. Enter!2. Avoid the weird guy pimping the Kangen water. Especially if you're an lovely lady. He will talk your ear off, extolling the virtues of his "magical" filtered water.3. Your gaze will naturally meet either the donut and coffee place to your left, the deli (just sides, no sliced meats) case ahead, or the baked goods section to your right. Take a mental note and proceed forward to the cheese section.4. SAMPLE ALL THE CHEESES! Wear that little toothpick out. Amish cheese is awesome, and they clearly cater to their buyers as evidenced by such wonders as maple bacon cheddar and champagne cheese.5. When you reach the end of the cheese section, there are delicious spreads to your left and custom nut butters to your right next to the popping machine. Also really good dairy and ades (lemon, lime, grape, etc).6. Pass Go, do not collect $200 or official/knockoff home team merchandise to your left and to your right, but DO collect the best pretzels and pretzel dogs (my personal favorite is the sausage and cheese) you've ever had.7. The restaurants are great places to go for comfort food breakfast and lunch. I've tried plenty of their offerings, and everything is good, but nothing has wowed me as much as the grab and go items you can find throughout the market.8. Round the corner, pass the chocolate and fudge stop (shockingly the chocolate is not very good in my opinion), picking up only chocolate covered bacon if you please. Alternate: keep going forward and check out the fresh produce and things they make from it. Not outstanding and honestly a bit pricey.9. Check out the butcher and deli section for a killer selection of fresh raw, and sliced deli meats. The bacons, deli ham, deli turkey, sausages, and ribs are all must-gets in my opinion.10. Browse the candy and snack aisles for a gratuitous selection of homemade candies, gummies, dipped pretzels, popcorn, etc.11. Get yourself in line for the BBQ section. Personally, I avoid the smoked stuff (all smoke, not much other flavor), ribs, fried chicken (just tastes greasy and fried without much seasoning), haug wings, and bourbon chicken. But everything else is amazing. ESPECIALLY: old bay wings, buffalo bites/wings, potatoes and wedges and carrots (they all sit below the roasting chicken, collecting all the wonderful flavors and drippings). They make their own bleu cheese and ranch, so don't forget those at checkout.12. Grab as many frozen chicken pot pies as you can afford or carry in the next butcher case. If they're providing samples, you'll understand why. Best chicken pot pie ever.13. Load up on donuts. These are epic and decadent. Nothing like DD's or KK's (or TH's if you're Canadian) 14. Circle back to the baked goods section. Try your best to keep your head from exploding and the face hugger from bursting out of your stomach to eat all the freshly baked and made in front of you breads, cookies, pies, cakes, and pastries they offer there. My favorites are the herb rolls so fresh they're steaming up the bag, anything crispy, and anything with fruit and/or cream/creme on it. That covers a lot of items btw...15. Your bags are likely densely packed with items and delicious calories at this point, so go check out the attached section for a really awesome variety of soup and dip mixes, pickled everything, preserves and jams out the wazoo, and an abundance of other really cool cooking ingredients.16. Don't forget that initial deli case! A lot of the various sides and "salads" are really delicious, and the little pudding and layered desserts they have are simple to die for.Oh yeah, there's Amish furniture, arts and crafts, merchandise, jewelry, and knockoff designer bags too. But you came here for the food right? As you should.I just saved you a bunch of money by advising you to fill up on free samples and pretzel dogs, thus preventing you from dangerously shopping hungry. You're welcome. Now go and enjoy your haul!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,7/14/2014,121,53,5,11,5>This place has definitely made an impression on me! I am a huge foodie and HUGE lover of mexican food. Moving up here from down south was a shocker in the sense that you dont find too many great mexican restaurants.  This place is a lot different than most though,  its actual authentic mexican food! You walk in to this small little place and see them cook right in front of you. The owner is so personable and super friendly and sweet! And hilarious! You name what type of food you like and he will give great recommendations!  Ask for their hot salsa! Super good!And best of all..this wonder of a hole in the wall is BYOB! HELLO! :)
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,7/13/2014,90,149,4,6,5>We moved here from Northern Virginia almost three years ago, and searched for an excellent Tae Kwon Do dojang for a long time. We tried several different places, but they just did not measure up to our old one (Tiger Den). Finally we discovered Tiger World Class Tae Kwon Do, in Ellicott City. I have been saying for years that we need something like this here!You will find the instructors, Master Shin and Master Chong are both experts in Tae Kwon Do, however most importantly are enthusiastic about the sport! They have a way of encouraging the kids to learn while strengthening their bodies and teaching respect. My son's behavior improved immediately after a few classes. He wants to do well for the Masters and he has developed an appreciation for the Korean teachings of respect. Most of all, he is excited to learn and has a goal to strive for black belt. The Masters get the kids to think about goals, which is what they need. My son even has the thought the he could compete one day, just like the Masters. I believe with excellent teachers like Master Shin and Master Chong it is possible!You will find the dojo is always clean and everything is new. They have state of the art equipment, and benches for the parents to sit and watch. The schedule is very accommodating. You can choose from a variety of classes from afternoon to late evening, and even Saturday classes. The class time is just under an hour, so not too long for busy schedules and it does not interfere with homework.You will find price to be comparable to others in the area, and they do accept payment plans. It is well worth the money, and it has been my experience that the class sizes are small enough that each child gets individual instruction and attention. Overall, this is a success for Ellicott City! This is exactly the type of Tae Kwon Do we needed. They have a website that gives more information of their backgrounds. Check it out...and give them a call.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,7/12/2014,747,595,2,4,3>A fantastic little shop located within the Concourse / BWI business parkway. I have had a handful of sandwiches and can gladly say this place may not be as flashy as some locations but the quality is there. I have tried two veggie wraps / sandwiches and can contest to quality and freshness of the ingredients used.My coworker rave about the bulkogi and claim it's some of the best they have ever had. Breakfast sandwiches and meals look amazing and they generally have a constant line of people all day. Mostly all listed items are less than $7 between each menu. Weekly specials: Monday - bibimba, steamed vegetables with rice and sauceTuesday - grilled chicken and riceWednesday - California rollsThursday - shrimp fried rice, bulkogi, spicy pork special Friday - curry chicken fried rice Parking located around the entire building with a direct entrance on the rear left side of the building -first floor. 4 stars
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,7/11/2014,50,52,5,6,5>YES LAWWWWWD! Sotto Sopra. I adore you. I came here for restaurant week with one of my friends. They have $5 valet parking, i thought it was strange they charged, but whatever. Sotta is very romantical!! I felt like i should have been there with a date, but towards the end of the meal i was glad i was with a girlfriend bc i was pretty sure i was going to have to unbutton my pants and roll out of there. Happy, though. Very Happy.We started at the bar waiting for our table and got the primo porto  cocktail. DELISH! Wasn't too sweet, citrus, refreshing. very good. I highly recommend.The restaurant week menu was vast. i was impressed, there were so many options. We ended up getting the mussels as an appetizer in a curry broth (which is shamefully drank with a spoon o_0) and the caprese with a confit tomato and buffalo mozzarella. My friend really liked the caprese, but i prefer a more traditional version.The presentation was very nice, though.MAIN COURSE::::: PORK OSUBUCCO!!!!!!!!!!!! Was it 15$ extra? YES! Did i care? NO! Would i have paid more? YES! Our waiter recommended it, Alex. Very friendly. and i'm so glad he did.The risotto was creamy, great texture from the mushrooms. The pork fell off the bone...they sprinkled with a tomato sauce and parm...and wow. Everything just worked together so well. The garlic was amaze.The desserts were the only thing that was meh, but they were still good.They are having a 5 course tasting for 58$ soon and i will be back, and to look over the regular menu. Probably try some of their pastas or famous pumpkin ravioli.So go go go go. Take a date. The place is super romantic. And get the ossubucco!!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/10/2014,37,78,6,7,7>I've been there once and....daww, I feel warm all over. You guys! This is what a neighborhood bar should be. It's what bars dream about being when they grow up. It's what I always imagined existed but never thought could be real, like snow days in Georgia or Santa or something. I probably should be more specific with why this is my favoritest bar ever, but just come here, drink the magical Guinness, and you'll see what I mean. Cheers.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/9/2014,71,156,3,9,5>Best manicure & pedicure I've ever had, hands down (pun intended)! Nakia is instant BFF material. She's excellent at what she does and has perfected her craft. You will reap the full benefits of her passion during your appointment. My first experience at Polished went like this: smooth jazz played on a Bose stereo system as Nakia filled the pedicure bowl with warm water and suds, then for about 45 min to an hour she pampered my neglected soles and toes (pure heaven!!), she massaged into my legs and feet mango shea butter which smelled and felt as extravagant as it gets. I wanted to be clear this was just a basic and she assured yes it was. Whoa all this for a basic pedi?! My gel mani was quick and almost effortlessly performed. I couldn't believe she shaped my nails so uniformly and perfect. Nakia also has OPI and Essie colors for days, this is a major indication of a great nail salon: it's variety and newness of colors!! Your appointment is schedule on an individual basis which means there's no one but the two of you there making for a more relaxing and spa-like experience. She refuses to accept or make phone calls while she's performing your services, so no awkward, unprofessional, off-color moments there. Nakia is awesome at what she does and although I'm not the first to say it, I would strongly recommend anyone looking for excellent, clean, professional, expert nail care near Howard County, Baltimore County or City to look no further. Upon the end of your appointment, Nakia hole punches a frequent customer card to be redeemed after ten services for a free pedicure, which is not a first but definitely a list bonus at most business nowadays. Again I will stress that Polished Nail Boutique is the answer for all your nails' needs!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/8/2014,19,157,4,7,5>Stopped by the Broadway Market intending to go to the other "counter" where breakfast is served, and on the way saw Vikki's and it's mostly full counter seats, some of which had POLICE OFFICERS sitting in them! And police at a casual, everyday, tried and true place of dining is a pretty good sign that the place is good! I'm glad I stopped, as it was a good experience that will lead to me going back.I ordered blueberry pancakes and the turkey sausage, the sausage after seeing that the police officer two seats down had it and verbally endorsed it. To be honest, I've had significantly better blueberry pancakes and sausage, but both were above average. A pleasant surprise was the coffee, which I quite enjoyed despite the fact that they do the "doctoring" of it behind the counter. I much prefer to put my own cream and sweetener in my coffee, thank you! Service was quite good-- nice and attentive and truly Baltimore-style ("hon, darling, sweety"). The prices were perhaps a little less costly than average, and the menu was sufficiently extensive, with a quality quantity of options. Next time I opt for the pancakes, I'll likely try the banana nut.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,7/7/2014,8,82,3,8,9>A wonderful venue with good food and thoughtful staff for a large birthday group!I went here with a group of 11 for a good friend's 30th birthday. They called earlier in the day to confirm the 7:45pm reservation (made via Open Table) in the Tavern Room and the birthday celebration. We were able to add two additional people to the reservation last minute without incident. We all arrived at different times, a little bit late, and we were able to sit at the bar with our table held and no questions asked. We thought that maybe the place wasn't crowded because we were there early for a Saturday, but it never filled (and slowly emptied). After our delicious cocktails, we made our way to our table in the Tavern room but had access to both menus. Although none of us had been there before, we were informed that there is a new executive chef and he is working to make the different areas of the restaurant distinct. The menus have apparently changed, and so you may want to check it out if you haven't been there since the shift.The birthday girl was greeted with a hand written note from the chef and staff (see my photos). I've never seen a restaurant do this before, and it was classy and adorable.We, of course, took a long time to order. The waiter explained everything and was very patient with our large party's disorganization. A couple of items were unavailable (the scallops and a fish from the regular menu), and we were only told this after we had spent a long time deciding what to order... so we needed some more time. Additionally, one member of our party ordered the duck breast and was brought the duck confit. By the time her correct order arrived, everyone was finished with their meals. Everyone enjoyed their food, but those who ordered the steak said it was a bit chewy - would have been acceptable for a $20 steak, but not for its price point. I had the farm chicken and it was moist and delicious. The camarones and lamb meatball pretzels are also items that I can personally attest were delicious. The rest of my party had positive things to say about the charcuterie, the sunchokes, and the ceviche.At the conclusion of our meal, the birthday girl was brought a cake with a candle without any prompting. She enjoyed the cake, but no one else ordered dessert. The waiter then sent over this adorable bus boy who was celebrating his birthday at midnight to also wish the birthday girl a happy day.I would have normally given this place a 4, but the classy birthday additions and accommodations made me round up.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,7/6/2014,53,106,4,13,4>Luk Fu is located inside the Maryland Live! Casino in Hanover MD. You must be 21 years old to enter the casino floor where the restaurant is situated, near the baccarat tables and VIP room. The service was excellent. The hostess quickly seated us and the staff explained each dish and gave their recommendations based on what we told them we would like. We were greeted by a manager after we got our drinks.  I had the best bubble tea I've tasted since moving to this area. Shortly afterwards our appetizers arrived. The potstickers were cooked perfectly and tasted great.  I know, I know.  I used a fork but my dining companion made quick use of the chopsticks provided. As we were served our second appetizer, the executive chef Joe came out to check on us.  He was so nice to give us advice on how I best sample our ...gosh, I suddenly can't remember what they're called.  Served in a steam container they looked like little wrapped packages full of a broth and meat. He suggested a small bite first as to not release all the delicious broth at once.  He was very warm and answered all our questions about the rest of the menu. I learned he has also worked for casinos in Atlantic City, California, and Las Vegas. This guys knows his stuff. The restaurant is set to open officially at the beginning of June. This month they are hosting previews to test their operations and fine tune everything. I think that's a great idea.  I will definitely be back then.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,7/5/2014,53,93,1,6,4>This place so cute and cozy. There's a lively bar on one side and a quaint dining room on the other. My date and I got a little table in the window. The waitress was very attentive and sweet. I'll start this by saying if you don't order anything else get TOTS. As much as I love potatoes I am not a fan of tots at all. My date and I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Tots and BBQ Sweet Potato Tots; both were fantastic! I could have used a little more spice in the buffalo sauce but the flavor was great. The combination of the sweet potato with tangy BBQ sauce and savory pulled pork was to die for. I want to replicate it at home! Even though I was completely satisfied after the tots I ordered the Maryland burger. It was cooked as I requested and the crab dip on top was delicious! I can't wait to go back. They have happy hour right? Because tots and beer sounds like the perfect combo after a long day of work.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/4/2014,47,291,1,6,5>You never know what you are going to get with all of the new craft brews starting out and taking time to "find their flavor way", but Jailbreak Brewing Company is now the formidable heavyweight in this new class of beer snobbery.  I partook in the pre-opening tasting event and had the pleasure of sampling The Big Punisher (double-IPA), Welcome to Scoville (jalapeno IPA) and the Kavorka (porter) and each one was amazing.  I am self-admittedly an IPA guy but the Scoville was nothing like I have ever tasted before......jalapeno in beer you say, oh it is subtle.  We were also given a brewery tour by the founder and COO who explained the entire process in great scientific detail.  They are not permitted to have food per Howard County so they did something ingenious which was to make a deal with local food trucks to sit outside each day and service their clientele.  The décor is trendy and clean and the bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable about their product.  I can't wait to go back and bring a group!  The price of $7/beer sounds high to most, but it truly is worth it.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/3/2014,131,146,1,9,5>So you may think I am writing this to give my stellar review for the flying experience one may receive at BWI Airport. (And yes, its a great airport. Easy to get around. Service aids all around. I've never had a problem)BUT here's my off the beaten path review.PARENT ALERT: This is the perfect place to take your children for a family hang out moment! We've taken our kids around the back side of the airport where they can watch the planes come in to the airport. We are the best parents ever to our kids for this one! BWI even has a kids park back there, grilling set up and paths for biking. Fun. Fun. Fun.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,7/2/2014,67,76,3,15,5>This is a new place at Lexington Market. It's a little hidden, but you can't miss the large line during lunch hours. Their potatoes are enormous, bigger than my hand. I ordered "The Japan." I'm not entirely sure why it's named that, but it's essentially a cheese steak stuffed in a potato. The potato is filled with steak, grilled onions, hots, shredded cheddar, and topped with special sauce, lettuce, and tomato. I could only eat half of it for lunch and had the other half for dinner. I also ordered a mango lemonade, which was also very good. It wasn't too sweet and had a good lemon-mango mix. My friend got their watermelon iced tea, which she also enjoyed. The potatoes range from $7-9, and for the amount you get, it's a pretty good deal.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/1/2014,76,77,3,7,6>This isn't just any ol' wine and beer store, boys and girls. Let me share my secret with you -- Canton Crossing Wine and Spirits is in a totally different league!When you enter the store, at first you'll notice how beautiful it is. You'll see the large hardwood wine racks and the natural lighting penetrating through the glass windows, casting each bottle of wine in a radiant warm glow. You might choose to peruse the extensive selection of wine, or you might choose to venture to the back wall that is essentially one large refrigerated showcase of craft beer. Want something local from Flying Dog, Duclaw, or Union? Want to try a double IPA from a little known brewery in Maine? Or would you like to try some Belgian beer like Leffe or Delirium? As you mill around in your agonizing state of indecision induced by so many fantastic options, a worker might then approach you. "Would you like to try some of our double IPA on tap?" he might inquire. What?! A liquor store with a rotating selection of wine and beer on tap, along with a TASTING BAR? You betcha.Such is the tale of my evening a few days ago. I snagged a bottle of honey wine flavored with mango and peppercorn because honey wine is all too rare to find in liquor stores these days. Additionally, at the checkout counter, a worker suggested for me to sample one of the double IPAs on tap. The only way my evening could have improved is if I had actually purchased one of their growlers and filled it up, but alas, I had some more productive things to do later that night. Perhaps next time...I am so happy that a store with so many interesting and unique varieties of wine and spirits has opened. Consider it similar to the Wine Source in Hampden or the Perfect Pour in Columbia, with slightly less beer and wine selection, but with the nicest workers and a greater sense of community.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,6/30/2014,71,270,5,11,3>The National Aquarium already has more than 300 reviews, but I will try to offer a somewhat unique perspective as someone who attended a rehearsal dinner for a wedding here. If you're considering this for a special dinner, engagement party, or even wedding itself, it really does make for a unique occasion. The entire aquarium was rented out at night and the 150 guests were free to meander around the entire aquarium with cocktails and hors d'oeuvres. The guests were given the gift of seeing everything up close without hordes of families, screaming toddlers, and tons of tourists taking selfies in front of the shark tank. Though I'm not really a fan of zoos and aquariums (seeing such wild animals in confined spaces makes me sad) it really was amazing to have such unparalleled access. And it's shocking how little there is separating you from the sharks. It would be very easy to just drop your phone, camera, or whatever right over the edge! I especially enjoyed seeing the baby puffins....so adorable!It was almost eery wandering down the shark ramp at night with literally no one else around, and an experience I'll never forget. Highly recommended for special events...probably best not to serve sushi though :/
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/29/2014,31,108,,4,3>The greatest ballpark of its time in baseball with great seating, great concessions, friendly staff, and a wide selection of events. Check out the designated driver booth behind home plate for a free soda coupon, but you must sign up prior to the first inning.When the O's are in town grab a group of friends hit up the local scene ahead of the game, and then cheer on the hometown team to victory.There is easy access via the light rail from the North or South side of the stadium, unfortunately, the only other public transportation that runs near the stadium is the Amtrak and city buses. I do recommend riding to the stadium for free on the Charm City Circulator if it runs in your area.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,6/28/2014,40,119,3,5,5>I saved my 100th review for this magnificent place of love and joy. Not only is this home of the best NFL team in the nation and best fans of all time BUT the stadium is just BEAUTIFUL. Every seat is a good seat - staff is always helpful finding seats and when purple fills the stands man is it a pretty sight. At night, driving into downtown baltimore never fails to give me chills. Great location right off 95... walking distance from greyhound station for all out of state fans. Parking is plentiful...most nearby school use parking lots on gamedays for a relatively cheaper price. I know for a fact a school/church off of hamburg st (russel and hamburg, aka directly across from the stadium) does this parking situation. If you ever have the opportunity to come to the home of Ravens nation, we'll welcome you with open arms (even if you are a patriots or steelers fan), but don't be mean otherwise Ray will find you, murder you and get away with it.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/27/2014,436,152,3,9,7>Housed inside The Whole Foods Market in Annapolis, this is the best new place in town to host or attend culinary events. Various (very affordable) classes are held there every month ranging from "Knife Safety" to "Learn how to make Sushi".  The room is in the front area of the store and looks like a professional cooking kitchen, well appointed with a pizza oven, professional range and oven and a very large granite countertop. It's also a great place for kids parties! Whether it's a birthday, back-to-school event, sports party, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, or any other reason to gather, this is a really cool place to do it.The Culinary & Community Center can also be rented for private meetings.  The room is equipped with tables and seating for 24 as well as ceiling mounted TVs that connect to laptops for presentations.This is definitely worth checking out if you have kids or want to sharpen your cooking skills at Whole Foods.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/26/2014,151,317,3,15,7>After a failed attempt to get a pedicure at another nail salon nearby (because of their horrible customer service) I ended up here.. I was greeted the moment I walked in, I picked my color and was in a pedicure chair within 5 minutes. The young lady that did my pedicure was very polite and and a great job! The pedicure room was separated off from the main room and the chairs were really cozy, I love the fact that they weren't side by side which gives the illusion of privacy from the chair next to mine. They also opened a new pack of sterilized tools for each person and that alone makes me what to return to this place!! Based on the cleanliness, the customer service and the price I will be back! I'm so glad I left the first place and came here, good customer service will get me everytime!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/25/2014,46,61,4,6,4>It's important to note that some classes of business should be graded against their segment curve. Car washes graded against car washes, diners against diners. There is no valet parking, filet mignon, or cloth napkins at the Towson Diner. What is there is the best diner in Baltimore County.I have frequented Towson Diner for years, so this review is a collection of observations and experiences. Enjoy!What I Like:- The menu has everything you could want! Almost too much. And it always seems dirty good! (Comfort food is at home in a diner.)- Service is quick! Always on point, especially when this joint is cranking away Sunday morning with the church crowd waiting 10-20 minutes for a booth.- Breakfast allllllllll day! Sleep that hangover off, roll out of bed at 2 pm, get your pancake-on at 3 pm. Can't beat that.What I Don't Like:- For some reason Towson Diner is challenging public dehydration head-on, and it starts with delivering glasses and glasses of water to your table or booth. Precious table space is quickly consumed. I don't want water.- Parking lot can get very squirrelly very fast, especially when that 70-year-old with the 1986 Cadillac Eldorado starts trying to back in and out of tight spots. If there's a crowd, it'll get frustrating.Like I said, it's a diner. At the end of the day, they're open 24 hours, the food is great and consistent, the place is clean and comfortable, the location is good, and they have a liqueur license. I think it's the best diner in the area. I'd have to try more desserts to give it a 5, or they could establish for specials to kick things up for the regulars.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/24/2014,122,108,4,8,6>So this is my 100th review and it came by accident being that I was holding out on doing one for another business....however, this is the first review for this business location that is fairly new and brought to my attention by the Custard King himself..Bobby K. While entering in all the proper info for the business on Yelp to put it on the map.. I HAD to write a review just to finish the process. No problem if I weren't in the driver seat with 2 anxious kids in the backseat ready to get out and have some ICECREAM! A.K.A Frozen custard...super duper  yay points for Mommy for giving them dessert before dinner on this rare sort of day.  I thought I had been all over Columbia at some point of my 15 month residency of the area but I had not... in fact, I thought I might be closer to PA by the time I got here and did some recon work after many stops in the same shopping area to ask where the heck it was hiding! There is a little strip mall next to the grocery store (can't think of which chain it was) but it doesn't look like your typical strip mall where the stores are right in front of you and wondering what they are is not an issue if you're literate. The two strips are facing each other with  a shaded walkway on each side and heavily shadowed but the trees going up the gut of it all. Well, anyways... if you're facing it on the grocery store side of it, it's on the flippin right hand side. When you walk in, it's a tight fit... maybe 3-4 tables and just enough room to order and having only enough room for 3-4 people to wait in line. I knew already what I was going to order for myself...shout out to Bobby K for the vanilla with the black cherry topping. I got the children's chocolate with chocolate cookies mixed in already. The black cherry topping was awesome, no glaze mixed into it to act as a sauce for the plain vanilla... only downfall to mine besides the the abundance of cherry ratio to custard was waaayyy off. I suppose some people wouldn't complain about that but for me... I portion out each bite... seriously, I do. The girls custard was awesome... they devoured it like hungry children from a 3rd World...poor babies, almost made me feel like I should've gotten them a larger size but the Mommy in me said "good-call Moms". Overall, the custard was smooth and creamy... the one person staff was a total sweetie for my daughters kept telling her "thank-you" every 30 seconds..NomNomNomNomNom..
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,6/23/2014,334,725,3,9,5>Gallery 788 is tucked right off of W 36th St and there really aren't any signs at all. You'll know if an event if going on from local advertisements and people spread the word. The owner is super eclectic and I love the cheap bar system they have going on. I think it was $3 for a Natty Boh can or plastic cup of box-o-wine. It was a late night weekend show. Didn't think it could get any better that? Oh yes it can! I loved the comic book cover show downstairs but was super intrigued by the nudity art show upstairs. I mean where else can you buy a vajayjay coffee table. No joke :-) The artists and shows of course change out but you can check out their Facebook page and new website to keep up with what is going on.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,6/22/2014,195,458,1,13,2>Toddler Time is from 9:30-11:00 Tuesdays and Thursdays.  It's $5 per person plus $1 for a pair of special socks.  I paid $12 for a great morning of fun with my almost 3 year old.  It was a lot busier at times than I expected, but not over crowded at all.  We were able to jump with room to spare.  Tips-fill out the waver and print it first.  You will have to do an electronic one (located when you first walk in on the left) once you arrive if you don't.  -parking is sparse so be prepared-there are 3 sections:big jump arena, jump pit area and 'dodge ball' court.-you have to wait your turn for the pit and it is a very short turn.  The staff manages this well.-the dodge ball court was our favorite.  They give the kids a ton of soft balls to throw around.  It was great, but not a large space.-no outside food or drinks.-bring a quarter for a locker.The staff is young (18-20ish?) but very nice.  They seem to understand that your 2 year old doesn't understand all of the rules and you're doing your best.  This was a perfect winter activity.  My guy and his Momma are going to sleep great!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/21/2014,138,111,,9,5>Germano's new "small plates" menu is absolutely delicious, having ate there before the menu changed I was skeptical, but holy cow they did it right! I give them kudos for the excellent choices and execution, nothing was left on any of our plates and there was a party of 13 of us!  --------------Back story: I was planning a bachelorette party for a good friend and I thought Germano's would be a great place to have dinner and maybe see the cabaret show or do a pasta making lesson. So, I scheduled a meet and greet with the owners to see if it was something we would be interested in. Cyd and Germano were the nicest people I have ever met in my entire life, they were so willing to accommodate us in any way! They even told us all about the renovations they have done recently and keeping the historic integrity of the space. It looks great!Anyway, Cyd let me peak in and see the cabaret show that was currently going on, it was very quaint and intimate and not what I had originally expected, I didn't think it would fit the night of a bachelorette party because we might want to be a little more loud than what might have been appropriate in the show. However, the music was great, and I highly recommend it for a romantic evening or even with a small group of friends. I might try to go see a show there in the future!Germano also offers pasta making lessons for $17 a person and you get a bowl of pasta at the end. They also said they could offer wine tastings if interested. After much debate, I ended up just booking the private dinning area for the 13 of us for dinner. It was perfect! We had 3 or 4 people waiting on us, so we were never thirsty or without anything we needed. The wine was priced very fairly, we got 4 bottles in the $18-$25 range. The small plates are anywhere from $4-$12. EVERYONE was buzzing about how delicious everything was, we ended up passing around all the plates till everything was devoured! IT WAS SO GOOD. And our bill was not that expensive at all. I call that a win, win!Beet ravioli was on point (I don't even think I like beets, but it didn't really taste beety), so were the meatballs, I actually don't think there was one thing that I wouldn't recommend. Excellent food!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/20/2014,35,111,4,5,5>For one I am a person who goes off of impulse. On Friday at 2:34 pm I decided that I want contacts lenses and I wanted them NOW. I called and they got me in there at 4!!! The receptionist is a sweet heart. Very nice guy. He got me in, got me settled before I saw the doctor. The doctor was great, very nice and knowledgeable. I never worn contacts, and they helped me through it great. When I called around to price out contact exams they were the least expensive. Some of these places try and charge $195 for an exam which is a high way robbery. Their exam was under a hundred. Cant wait to go back.oh and the parking is sweet
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/19/2014,69,53,2,4,3>I love this place. I have eaten various items on the menu and have never found something that i didn't love. The brisket, pulled pork, chicken, and the turkey are all top notch meats. You can order them as a sandwich or as a standalone meal. I typically get a meat entree with 2 sides. The cornbread, mac and cheese, green beans are all delicious. The food is so good here it is hard to choose. For drinks, they have several beer options - some being locally brewed beers. After you get your meal, you can choose from 6+ sauces that further add to the flavor of you meal. The workers are so welcoming and willing to answer any questions you may have. When I sat down, a worker came up and introduced herself immediately which is something I always appreciate. On 2 separate occassions, a worker walked around and gave tables samples of a meat that we haven't tried yet and another time, we were given free fries which is fantastic! The overall decor makes you feel proud to eat there. Lots of memorabilia to look at. I always leave satisfied and happy. Sign up online for their mailing list so that on your birthday, you can get a free sandwich!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,6/18/2014,28,145,1,9,4>Skip to the ----------------------------------- section if your gf is all "hurry up, pick a place cause I'm hungry."The downstairs fits the theme, stark wood and floor present a clean atmosphere for shucking shellfish all over. Nice view of the water while eating food that came from it. I imagine that the large windows provide an awesome breeze during the spring. I'll be back for sure, preferably sometime other than an empty, wintery Monday night.The bartender was intense; don't joke about their lobster roll, supposedly #2 in the country to "a place in Maine" (no smile). Very proficient at the same time, detailed with menu changes and suggestive about favorites. Has a fetish for clean napkins, replaced our dirty ones with fresh stacks at least twice.Small taplist, run-of-the-mill for Fells (sweet IPA, stout, local lagers) so I chose their "Ginny Lynn" cocktail. It's really bright and fresh while reminding me of my favorite greyhounds. Lightly slimy texture from the pulp. Be warned if your drink is vodka-cranberry, extra cranberry: the GINny lynn does not hide its alcohol.The starchy fries are bland and in strong need of salt. The dense brussel sprouts are considerably better, needing more char but the bacon cuts the bitterness nicely. The cheese is bland overall.The burger was cooked perfectly medium-rare. Buttery bun is delicate, supple. The garlic aioli imparts a tartar/horseradish note against the ketchup. Boost the meaty flavor and you've got a real treat, Thames St fighting on the cusp of top 5 Bmore burgers.-------------------------------------Buttery lobster roll... I couldn't have walked away happier! Best I've had, easy. It toes that decadent line like lobster should--you don't need the drawn butter. Toast is crisp on the outside, light and delicate. It's an awesome contrast to the huge lobster chunks that are amazingly tender. Portioned perfectly to leave you just full and still delighted by a rich treat. Hot damn!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,6/17/2014,133,540,,7,2>I was looking forward to the addition of Atwater's to Canton.  This one is sit down and has a really chic decor.  They were using a brunch menu on the weekend and I had the turkey Cobb sandwich.  Also had the arugula and grapefruit salad.  Possibly the best salad I've eaten.  They have a coffee bar, liquor license and outdoor seating.  Great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,6/16/2014,68,94,,4,2>Finally got to The Food Market for brunch and it did not disappoint. I ordered the Spanglish cocktail to start and absolutely loved it. Tequila, jalapenos, Old Bay on the rim definitely gave my Sunday morning a spicy start. Their mimosas are also huge -- no dainty champagne glasses here. We shared the french toast dippers as an appetizers and enjoyed them. The tempura batter made it slightly different from what you normally have and the cream cheese dipping sauce was just sweet enough without being overwhelming. I ordered the smokey bowl at my waiter's suggestion but was pretty disappointed in it. The English muffins were not toasted enough and just kind of turned to bland mush underneath the over easy eggs. The gratin that came with it though was quite delicious. I would definitely order something else next time. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken and biscuits and it was the clear standout dish of the day. The combination of fried chicken, runny eggs, and spicy wing sauce was awesome. And the cheesy potatoes were pretty delicious too. My only complaint is how packed it is. We opted out of sitting at the community table in the interest of being able to have a more intimate brunch but that didn't happen. Even at a private table, you're basically sitting elbow to elbow with your neighbor. I hate sitting on top of other people and that is definitely the case here. You can't help but overhear the people you're sitting next to, to the point you might even get distracted from your own conversation.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/15/2014,134,129,2,6,4>Shout out to Valarie J. and Yelp for putting me on!!I have been here a few times now. Once you get past the rude hostess, the night is smooth sailing! I never really wanted to try here because I really don't like sushi and I really don't have a wish to even try it, lol.So, when I saw them at a yelp event, I was like "I am going to keep it moving-past the table." One of the girls must have read my mind because she asked me to come over. She told me they have other dishes than just raw seafood. She handed me a Tootsy Maki! Wow, changed my life!! Tootsy Maki is a roll with cooked crab,cucumbers and sauce.  She gave me coupons to visit them.Ra has Happy hour everyday between 3pm-7pm. Meals come with chop sticks but if you're like me and suck using them, ask for Chop stick trainers to help you use them.  I like to visit during Happy hour to get more bang for my buck. My fav happy hour  drink is the Dragon Bite. Very sweet with a kick.The Spicy Sesame Chicken Wings---they are good. But make sure you tell your waiter how you like your wings so they can come out perfect.Pineapple cheese wontons----Skip!! Not so tasty.The crispy and Spicy Shrimp-----Great for an app. Hard to share, lol.Chicken Yakitori----Theee Best Chicken Skewers!!!Japanese Ice Cream---good but the outside is a bit too rubbery RA's Dessert Sushi----Hands down is one the cutest desserts I have ever eaten! This place to very dim with red lights and loud music. Great for date night or groups!!!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/14/2014,42,207,,9,3>There is no better way to describe Captain James Landing than by using the cliched, overly used phrase "Don't judge a book by it's cover". We honestly would have never gone here if we didn't have a fantastic groupon deal. This boat-looking restaurant looks so touristy from the outside but inside, it is actually quite nice. It's no Charleston but it's definitely a very nice ambiance. We made a reservation and were seated promptly as we arrived. The food was most definitely better than expected albeit quite pricey. But I would highly highly recommend getting their $30 seafood platter which included a huge, huge and excellent jumbo lump crab cake, scallops, shrimp, oysters, flounder and some other unidentifiable yet good seafood. The platter also came with a side of rice and vegetables. For $30, this is a steal! I got the scallops which were good but after looking at the platter, seemed under-whelming. Service was quick and good and they were very accommodating with our 1 year old bringing his vegetables to the table fast. We were pleasantly surprised by Captain James Landing and would recommend this for seafood to anyone - especially if there's a groupon available!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/13/2014,416,145,3,7,5>EXTREMELY impressed with the headlight restoration services I received from this company.  I was a tad bit hesitant to try a mobile detailing company based on my last experience (yelp.com/biz/my-car-wash) but me & my Sexy Lexy's headlights are so glad I did.I called on a Tuesday and spoke with a Mr. Belgrove who advised me that, although the schedule was extremely busy that week, he would try his best to fit me in. Sure enough, that Saturday I got a call there was a cancellation and he was able to come to my home for service that day!I stood outside with him the entire time to learn about the service, well honestly I only wanted to make sure my baby (yes I'm referring to my car) was not harmed during and Mr. Belgrove was pleasant and eager to educate me about my car and the restoration process. He really knows his stuff!I only paid $40 for what the dealership charges over $200 to do and in half the time!  I purchased a LivingSocial voucher but his services are well advertised and come highly recommended on Facebook and even Angie's List.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,6/12/2014,53,138,,8,2>Talk about a great birthday alternative to Pump it up or Jump Zone!  This store is large and has at least 7 or 8 solid wooden play structures set up, several trampolines, and a basketball area.  SUPER FUN!  All of the kids really enjoyed being there.  We had the party on a Sunday because the store is closed to open play, even though the show room is still open for viewing.  A few people clearly snuck in and played for free, but we really didn't mind at all because there was more than enough room!There's a back room with a fridge and sink for pizza and cake.  The store doesn't supply food, but you can bring in anything you'd like.  Your child can even create their own playlist on your ipod and the store will stream is over the store speakers so the kids can play to their favorite tunes. Store staff was super friendly and very helpful!  Will definitely consider again in the future!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/11/2014,18,157,3,4,3>Been going here on Monday nights for a few weeks with some friends.  The staff is friendly and funny.  I have been eating the burgers lately and they are wonderful.  The beef is fresh, and the roll is fresh and crisp.   Fries or rings are both good.  The blue plate special encompasses several different choices of great value and portion size.  You get a entree, veggie, roll and sweet tea all included for $11.95.  Excellent price for a lot of food.  Fresh, fresh fresh......Modern decor,  small in size but big in flavor, and personality. I like the different kinds of music they pipe in....  Last week it was Reggae, Bob Marley.   This week more  along the lines of alternative.   Something always different.   They do have an ATM.  The booths are a little tight for tall or large people but if you sit in the rear the booths have higher table tops, though no open table and chairs.  They do have counter seating.   Old school style. Very charming place. If you're in Canton I highly recommend you try them out.  No Sysco truck food here.  All fresh, made on premisses.  Uniquely Baltimore.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,6/10/2014,31,89,2,4,3>Great Russian store that has anything a post-Soviet would want, from all kinds of groceries to cold cuts and cheese and deserts and lots of tasty prepared foods for a great price. This is my go-to when I have nothing to make for dinner and I want some stuffed cabbage and olivier salad, and maybe some blini for breakfast and cutlets for the next day too...Now if only MD would grant them a liquor license to sell Baltika and the vodka they're named after!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,6/9/2014,61,120,5,5,5>The dessert fare is undeniably delicious. I have been eating mallow crunchies since they first came to the Baltimore Farmer's market about 4 years ago. I've been addicted ever since. My new favorite is the chocolate dipped mallow softies. They sell fast, so if you see them, buy them! You won't be disappointed!Note: the owner was on Supermarket Superstar AND gets invited to bring her desserts to celeb laden events. She and they are JUST that fantastic. Now, go get some!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/8/2014,73,124,3,5,3>Palmere has one of the best burgers I have ever tasted! Ok now that I got that out of the way, I can talk about my visit to Palmere. Wow that burger was good. So my good friend and I were on the hunt for a late night bite. Most kitchens close at 10-10:30. Well it was 10:45 on a Wednesday night. We drove around for a few minutes when she remember (insert light bulb) Palmere's kitchen stays open til 1 am EUREKA!!!! Now being the semi ,on occasion health conscience person I know eating this late is terrible for the body....... Man I was starving!, we walk into the bar and it's quite cozy, it has the "everybody knows your name" Cheers vibe. I love that and the fact that the owner/bartender knew my friend by name and was glad to see us. To get the party started I ordered a Bay breeze. It was honestly very good. I notice when I order that particular drink it tends to be heavy on the grapefruit. Not here it was well made. I ordered the daily special. Med cooked burger with fries made to order, hold the hots. dump all the crispy bacon,grilled onions, LTM and a thick slice of cheddar cheese. My eyes lit up like Christmas morning when I was presented with my glorious gift. To patrons at the end of the bar looked at me and said " you can eat all of that?" gentlemen not only will I eat it all,if you blink twice you may miss it! I devoured that burger and fries one more bay breeze and a glass of water ( please don't let my small frame fool you).  I left Palmere full and happy. I really enjoyed the small crowd great local atmosphere and the fact that owner really takes pride in his family,bar and guest.  Great drinks, Awesome food and Excellent company . Win win situation every time.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/7/2014,74,176,5,6,3>Once a upon a time... There were two girls that decided to take a trip to a far off land . These 2 girls danced and danced and danced and when they were done dancing they looked up and there was this angel in the sky called "Hot Tomatoes" We they walked in it was just time for a fresh pepperoni to be pulled out of the oven. They both took slices to go. And while normally these girls are a size doesn't matter type of crew (wink wink) the size of the slice of pizza that they were given may have caused them to shed a tear. When they each bit into the oooeeeyy goooeeeyy hot slice of pizza both of them instantly feel in love with this newly found angle. And for anyone judging this place by cleanliness... you get a side eye. This is clearly a dive type of place. You go in order you food. Take it to go. Dont use the bathroom. Dont go adventuring through out the place.  Order and go. There are plenty of places in DC, Philly and New York with the same type of atmosphere . Live a little
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/6/2014,139,351,7,5,6>Rotiboy - a Malaysian sweet bread with a buttery & doughy inside and a thin vanilla espresso flavoured shell for the outside.If you don't get this one (out of the 8 or so types that they have out for display), we can't be friends. Ever.Aside from that one, we had the ham & gruyere in a very flaky croissant-like wrapping. That too was delicious. But seriously though. The Rotiboy. Say it with me: ROW-TEH-BOY. I could totally be mispronouncing it, but who cares when your mouth is full of its amazingness anyways?!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/5/2014,25,142,3,6,2>I can't believe I haven't review Salt yet! Salt Tavern is my favorite restaurant in Baltimore, and fortunately, I live in walking distance. Yes, the parking in the neighborhood is a challenge, but the food is totally worth it.Salt is a small place, so reservations are key. Sometimes you can get a spot at the bar, but it's not a guarantee. I've been here a number of occasions and have always left happy, but I'll review my most recent visit. To start, my boyfriend and I ordered the crispy pork belly. It was perfectly salted (no pun intended) and cooked very well. I've never had crispy pork belly before, but after this one, I'd try it again. For our entrees, I ordered the coriander and pepper crusted tuna. I order ahi tuna frequently, but this blew everything I've ordered before out of the water! The quality of the tuna was so high and it was seasoned so well - salty, without being overwhelming and balanced perfectly with the slight sweetness of the seaweed salad. The portion size was perfect, and the fried pork stickers went very well with the meal. They were perfectly crispy and not greasy at all. Dessert here is a no brainer for us. The goat cheese donuts are life changing. The flavor profile is so complex - lavender, honey, salt. Paired with coffee ice cream, these donuts are like nothing I've ever had before. The service here is always excellent and they have a solid cocktail list that changes pretty frequently. I really love Salt (the restaurant and the seasoning), so I'd absolutely recommend coming here to anyone looking to taste some of the best in Baltimore.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/4/2014,145,325,4,11,7>I can't believe I haven't written a review for Lamill yet....  Lamill is in Harbor East in the Four Seasons Hotel. It's directly connected with Wit & Wisdom.  It's a great place to get coffee in Baltimore... in fact it's one of my favorites.Like all things Four Seasons, the ambience here is beautiful.  There are huge windows with views of the water (or you can sit outside if you prefer).  It gets its sense of elegance from the dark hued woods while the lighting fixtures give it a sense of whimsy and modernity.  It's a nice, trendy cafe.The coffee here is very good.  I especially like the iced coffee and the Valhrona mocha.  The iced coffee is cold brewed, which means the coffee is brewed using cold water.  This results in a smoother, less acidic coffee.  The kicker though is the simple syrup they use to sweeten the iced coffee.  It is seriously good stuff.  It's probably the best tasting iced coffee I've had.  I usually get mine slightly sweetened with no cream.The Valhrona mocha uses valhrona chocolate... if you love chocolate, this is the way to go.  The chocolate makes its presence known but it does not overpower the coffee flavor.  Rather, it complements the coffee.  It's great... it's a clear example of how good ingredients (Valhrona chocolate) really can elevate something to the next level.  There is also a Valhrona mint mocha.... it's a little more expensive but honestly, I think I prefer the normal mocha over the mint one.  While I love mint chocolate, in my opinion, the addition of mint kind of complicates the flavor in the drink too much.The pastries here are great too.  Although the Baltimore Four Seasons group lost its incredibly talented pastry chef Chris Ford during the past year (he understandably went to work at Thomas Keller's Bouchon), his replacement, Dyan Ng, is remarkably gifted in her own right and has made sure the quality of the pastries here have not gone down.  If you want a mid afternoon snack, don't forget there is a pastry happy hour from 3 to 5PM (I think) where most goods are 50% off!  I think the one major exception to the 50% off rule is the macaroons.  They are a little pricey but what macaroons aren't?  These are beautiful pastries, uniform in size and shape.  They have perfectly developed feet.  And most importantly, they taste good.  You won't get bored too as the flavors change every once in a while.  They're certainly among Baltimore's (and its surrounding areas like Howard County) best macaroons.While parking here can be a pain at times, it's one of Baltimore's best coffee bars... and has a great view and atmosphere too.  It's definitely a must-try place in Baltimore if you love good coffee.  And don't forget to pick up a frequent buyers card while you're there (it's free and sometimes they forget to mention it to you).
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,6/3/2014,240,594,3,5,4>I was so excited to try this bakery! I have been looking for cupcakes in the area and with the dryness of crumb cupcakes nearby at Columbia Mall, I was not pleased. Yelp then led me to Touchet Touchet!It was uncrowned on a Saturday afternoon. We tried the chocolate peanut butter cupcake as well as the marble cupcake. The marble cupcake was delicious was swirls of vanilla and chocolate, and very moist cake with sugary/buttery chocolate and vanilla frosting on top! The flavors are very well-balanced and the cake was overall very good.The Peanut butter cupcake however was absolutely amazing! The chocolate cake had a surprise filling of chocolate fudge and the peanut butter frosting on top was thick  with infused peanut butter flavor without being too sweet! The cake itself is moist not try and perfectly dense.***VOTE BEST CUPCAKES IN BALTIMORE AREAWill be back soon! Maybe tomorrow!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,6/2/2014,154,580,3,7,4>Another amazing find via Yelp! This place was packed on a St. Patty's Day weekend.  It's really out of the way, so unless you went looking for it you probably wouldn't see it. We were very hungry and we were looking for a non-fast food place.  So we found it on Yelp and head straight to it.  I'm pretty sure we were the only non-locals there.  This is definitely a Dundalk local favorite.  For not being around here, we were greeted by some of the nicest people as if we were regulars! The service and food were fantastic.  We had the fish tacos and nachos and they were delicious.Live music, dockside view.....what's not to like? If you are in the area, this is worth going out of your way to grab a drink and some food and just chill.Hope to be back in the summer!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/1/2014,46,243,3,8,1>Can i give this place a six, seriously can i ?? Wow, i am still speechless at the meal or should i say the feast i had here. Quick, let me collect my thoughts and here goes. So my friend ordered a mystery dinner for two (groupon-fantastic deal by the way get it if you see it) and it happened to be Cazbar. Prior to that i had never been though i have seen it many a time. So on this abominable cold day we decided to venture into the heart of Mt Vernon.  Lord, we started off with the mezes as part of the Sultan Platter, warm warm delicious pita bread the best bread i have had hands down in any restaurant, it went well with the five different mezes. Now, that in on itself is a meal, but also the main show was about to unveil itself,  a platter fit for a king. Lamb, meatballs, salmon, rice, kebabs, different types of turkish goodness ohh wee. We couldnt finish this, and there is baklava for dessert, this place just skyrocketed to the best meal i have ever had in baltimore no joke at all, and i have been around. Will be sure to go again and again, i heard they have belly dancers Fri and Sat nights and they do delivery. Win and win.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,5/31/2014,80,198,4,9,6>What a view, what a view...If you want to see a gorgeous view of Baltimore then the 13th floor is the place to be!The entire experience of the 13th floor is so different from the day to day life that it seems fitting that it is so high above the streets. First off to get to the 13th floor you have to ride in an old school elevator which kinda scary but yet cool at the same time. Once you arrive up top, you are greeted by a great view and a good sized bar to order drinks. I sat down at the bar and the bartenders immediately started a conversation. The 13th floor has a great feel and vibe to it, especially once you see the piano and live music area. I am not sure the schedule but most days they have someone performing. The day I went it was a piano player and he was awesome! Ok back to the drinks... the drinks that were prepared were great! they showed creativity and knowledge of the liqueurs. I enjoyed each more than the last. The bar service and food service were good as well, always asking how things were and if there was anything else that could be done. The food was good too, very flavorful and nicely done. My only draw back was the price and a slight delay in some of the food coming out but sometimes you did not even notice because you were enjoying the drinks and view. The view as mentioned is great, even if you come only for the view and one drink it is worth the parking hassle. So overall, The 13th Floor was a hit! Top notch food, drinks, service and a killer view!! I will def be back. I would highly recommend the 13th floor for anyone... even those afraid of heights! So cheers and stuff some more bread in that Piano man's jar!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/30/2014,93,199,2,3,2>I was introduced to Mina's a couple weeks ago and fell in love! A coworker introduced me and I can't wait to go back! It was early when I went so all lunch options were not ready yet, but that was okay because I was in the mood for breakfast anyway. I ordered a meal that came with eggs, bacon, potatoes, and pancakes. I didn't have to wait long after ordering and the food was absolutely delicious. The pancakes practically melted in my mouth and made me wish I had a double order! The serving size was more than enough, but the food was just that good. While waiting for my food, I watched the chef make some crepes. That was really neat to watch. Also, would like to order a crepe next time because it seems like that is what everyone likes at Mina's!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/29/2014,102,155,2,9,4>I could see it filling a niche here along rt40. Some have complained about an "identity crisis", but hear me out on that. What I like:-you order your food and eat it unbothered by any waitstaff and no tip, you bring your stuff to a trash area like Panera. You can be here all day and just eat all 3 meals here plus snacks and drinks! (Ever been in "the zone" on your laptop at Starbucks and just wished they served some real, piping hot food? Or ever finished your asian food and felt too lazy to switch to another venue for coffee?)-classy music selection: I heard Edith Piaf, Coeur de Pirate, and some mellow sounds -it's mostly cute but someone really likes the Ravens, there's a random Ravens sign near the door and looks like the big screen tv was insisted upon by a person with an eye for sports. It made me wonder if the wife wanted a cute coffee shop look and the husband wanted a sports bar...and this was the compromise, haha.-clean bathrooms -free wifi and outlets along the bar seating near the front of the cafe What could use improvement:-a bit drafty not sure if that could be improved by creating a block near the door to insulate against the wind every time it opens-there were two IKEA poang seats but I want to see more Cozy, comfy seating like sofas maybe-more real food, like bring on the korean food.-the "nectar" was good but they can make it a bigger size for the price and have options to add bubbles.If they can make those changes so we can really have a good meal (korean and nonkorean food), coffee and dessert all in one place with the wifi and comfy seating...there's no reason not to just park yourself there the whole day!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/28/2014,67,56,2,7,3>This is one of my favorite places to eat in Columbia.  My favorite dish hands down is the seafood vindaloo paired with garlic naan.  It's outstanding and is my go-to meal here.  The veggie pakora and momo's are also worth highlighting.  I've had the Nepali chow mein which was pretty good.  I remember it being a bit sweeter than the Chinese version.  Oh, and a review of Curry & Kabob would not be complete without mentioning the infamous jungle kabob--it's another GAME CHANGER that was an absolute amazing experience.  I eat a lot of middle eastern food, and I've never seen anything like it at any other place else.    Curry & Kabob is kind of a sleeper joint...a little gem that not too many folks know about--which is fine by me.  There has been a lot of construction going on in the area for the past year, and I remember the owner mentioning a while back that it has affected some business.  They have a lunch buffet that has received great reviews--the one thing at this place I have yet to try.Curry & Kabob will deliver and the service is friendly.  The prices are also reasonable compared to other Kabob places in the area.  Give this place a try when you are craving something different.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/27/2014,61,215,,10,4>His plate:Baltimore pit beef sandwich with tiger sauce, red onionsHer plate:Smoked spare ribs with mustard barbecue sauceTo share:CauliflowerKennebec PotatoesAndouille (with tomato relish)Dessert assortment - nectarine cobbler, brown butter chocolate chip cookie, brownie bite, peanut chewWe had the opportunity to have a preview of Parts & Labor, and really enjoyed our first look! They'll be open later next week for real, though the butcher shop portion is open now.The ribs were our favorite of the mains that we tried - peppery with a great dry rub and then mustard barbecue sauce on top. Good char, great pork flavor, excellent texture - tender and not stringy in the slightest.The pit beef sandwich was good - but not as much of a standout as the ribs were. The beef is obviously great quality, cooked perfectly and a nice texture - tender and not too fatty. The roll was nice, sturdy and made for a structurally sound sandwich. It's definitely a less greasy version of the local favorite. It's probably not going to be our regular order - the wood grilled items standout more.The Andouille was great - a few slices of house-made sausage with a nicely balanced tomato relish. Excited to try the other sausage options on the menu!For our sides, the potatoes were good - and definitely great with the sauce from the ribs or the house Snake Oil fish pepper hot sauce. The cauliflower is perfect - just grilled with olive oil, and we could've easily eaten many more plates of it.The dessert isn't on the menu yet, so we got to try a sampler plate. The cookie and brownie we've had before from Artifact and Shoo-Fly, and they were nice with our wine. I didn't even get to try the peanut chew because D loved it so much. The nectarine cobbler was my favorite - and I was really happy that it was served cold, because it was quite refreshing.For drinks, we tried the Parabola (whiskey cocktail), one of the red wines on tap (a California Rhone blend), and two small pours of beer (a wheat option, and a cherry option from Brewer's Art). The Parabola was delicious, and yet again one of Spike's restaurants has proven to me that I like something I usually say that I don't in a drink - whiskey.Service was great as expected - friendly and knowledgeable, with guidance when it was asked for. In particular, the beer pairing with the ribs was so spot on - the wheat beer was so great with the mustard barbecue sauce.We're looking forward to adding this to our regular routine, as the menu has tons of great combinations to try.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/26/2014,0,33,1,8,3>I am a transplanted Californian foodie who's had a rough time finding a restaurant in Annapolis.  After a lot of restaurant searching, I'm sticking with The Point for my casual dinners.  Why?  The food!!!  It is a neighborhood local favorite, clean and nice but not fancy, and it's sort of an upscale version of a "joint" if that makes any sense.  In fact, my regular dinner partner has renamed it "The Joint".  The restaurant is newly refurbished, has a prominent bar with TVs on one side and it is echo-y so it can get loud.  Really loud sometimes, like I can't hear the conversation from my dinner companion loud.  But it's only like that at prime dinner hour on going-out nights.  Generally the noise level is fine - and they do take-out.  The staff is nice, friendly, and pretty efficient.  In the winter it can be cold right next to the windows but there are large heaters everywhere so it's still pleasant on a cold night in January, despite being literally over the waters of the Magothy.  Now, for the food.  Wow.  Delicious.  Great appetizers, especially the deviled eggs, and they make their own Caesar salad dressing in-house -  yes, they pound anchovies.  It makes such a difference in the taste of the food that they make the sauces, the dressings, everything right there instead of shipping it in.  The crab cakes are the best I have had in Maryland, hands down.  No filler to speak of, big lumps of fresh and good blue crab, and not so huge that the outside gets all dried out in the oven (but not tiny either!).  Portion sizes are generous, but not too much, and the drinks are great.  Be careful if you order dessert by yourself because the desserts are really quite big and you could be overwhelmed (I was).  The nutty buddy is very yummy, but be advised that this is two large round ice-cream sandwiches - do not order it alone if you're not ready for that amount of food.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,5/25/2014,115,78,,9,3>Osteria 177 is a little pricey for the Annapolis area, but when you experience the above and beyond menu selections and service, you won't be disappointed. To make your visit even more enjoyable, I'd suggest requesting a booth for a little more privacy and also request "Mauro Seghieri", the Manager as your server. He's as Italian as Italian gets, straight from Perugia Italy, very knowledgeable, and attentive.All the specialties you would expect from a traditional Italian restaurant are here, Cioppino, Osso Buco, and a variety of inventive pasta dishes. I've never had anything I didn't enjoy, but one of my favorites is the "Petto d'Anatra al Porto con Mirtilli", (Duck Breast with Fresh Blueberries in Port Wine Sauce).One of the little known secrets of Osteria 177 is that the chefs here will also create custom dishes for you with the ingredients of your choice if you call ahead. They used to have an excellent sweetbreads in a port wine & mushroom reduction sauce on their menu, which is absent now. But if that's what you want, call a few days ahead and they'll have it fresh and ready to prepare for your visit.Osteria 177 is definitely worth a visit for any special occasion you may want to celebrate when you're in or near the Annapolis area!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,5/24/2014,0,58,,3,1>I come to fish mostly and run from time to time.  There is a mix of people that use the trail.  Combination of runners, walkers, bikers, dog walkers, and so on.  You gotta be on your toes if you are running or biking.  A lot of people don't pay attention and don't move or move their dog.  Parking can be a bit of a pain, but you can park on the main road by the playground.  Fishing is hard to judge.  Since I have been going there I haven't heard any real positive feedback about the fishing.  I've seen a lot of trout and catfish fisherman, but haven't seen anyone pull anything big out.  I fish for bass and have only managed small fish.  All in all it is what you would expect from A park in Howard County.  Plus it is open till 10, so if you want to stay out late and miss the crowds that is am option.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/23/2014,13,15,,3,3>Awesome people work here in Timonium. The staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive. The people that come to the gym are awesome too - good vibe and you can pretty much gel with anyone. In regards to the routes, the bouldering cave is the smallest of the three MD gyms, with starter routes (V0-V3) on the less frequent side compared to tougher climbs. Still a great place to come challenge yourself.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/22/2014,11,61,,5,3>Finally I have found a spa in Baltimore that I enjoy going to!  When I walk in the door, I immediately feel relaxed and pampered. I love the little comfy waiting area with fancy teas, chocolates and fruit infused water. I always try to come at least 15 minutes early to sit here and enjoy a cup of tea before my appointments. So far, I have gotten 3 custom organic facials in the past year, all with different people. I love that they do they face washing stuff, and then they shine a bright white light on your face and tell you how they are going to customize your facial based on what they see. I also love that their products are natural & organic. They also massage your arms, neck, feet and hands while the masks are sitting on your face. I found my facial place! I am trying my first massage here this weekend with Jen...
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/21/2014,28,18,,4,2>So for my birthday, I decided to treat myself and get a massage- COMPLETELY worth it!I had been doing research since this would be my first massage. Alot of deals on groupon/livingsocial I would look up on here and see - well awful reviews. I came across Claire looking through yelp and I will say I'm so glad I did!For new clients, there is a survey you fill out to give kind of a background on. She also took time before my massage to go over the basics and make me feel comfortable.I have multiple injuries thanks to years of rugby but she made my back feel better than before! She took her time and I felt like a new person after the massage - It was beyond fantastic! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,5/20/2014,187,290,,3,2>When I opened the door, I smelled the sweetness. It is a tiny space, but the smiles are huge! The people are as sweet as their cupcakes. I am madly in love with the pink velvet, but the orange creamsicle is a close second. Other standouts are the white velvet, strawberry, and lemon burst.yes, I know I am a Plain Jane, but these are the definition of petite sweet awesomeness.In the land of cupcakes, the other famous names in the DMV CANNOT compare to Oooh So Sweet. Hands down, they are the best!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,5/19/2014,193,50,4,8,6>I'm going to keep this short & sweet - Whenever I am out at night, before I head home, I ALWAYS stop thru 'Uni Mini' for a DELICIOUS greasy sub ... Without question, some of the best subs in Bmore! And you get a FREE fountain drink w/ ANY sub purchase ... WHUUUT WHUUUUT!!?!?!? SCORE!!BEWARE: It can get INSANELY packed Thurs - Sat nights after 12. Be ready to wait but it will be soooo worth it!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,5/18/2014,12,96,1,3,2>We stopped by here after an early dinner at Aloha next door.  I'm not normally a big cupcake person, but we figured we'd give it a try.  Everything looked amazing and it was hard deciding what to get.  We eventually settled on the carrot cake, toffee and cookie dough cupcakes, and also a bacon maple donut.   We got them to go, and when we got home and dug into them, we were blown away.  All the cupcakes were amazing.  From the cake to the filling to the topping, A+. We saved the bacon maple donut for breakfast for the next morning.  We threw it in the microwave for a couple of seconds, and it smelled delicious.  The bacon was still really crunch and delicious.  We weren't blown away by the donut itself, but all in all it was still pretty good. But yea, get the cupcakes and do yourself a favor.  They're the bomb diggity.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,5/17/2014,33,101,,3,4>What a nice atmosphere.  Saturday afternoon I was able to walk right up and get a smoked salmon BLT and smoked turkey sammich with cranberry relish both on sunflower flax bread.  Outstanding would be an understatement.  First, the portion is perfect - no sides necessary.  The smokey salmon flavor with the bacon on my sandwich had me in heaven.  Their lemonade is a must have as well.    Next time I'm there I'll be sure to try their individual pot pies.  They looked gorgeous.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/16/2014,14,11,,4,6>I've lived down the street from Dessert Fantasies for quite some time now and tonight was my first time here. My first time should have been long ago! We tried the salted caramel and the Reese's peanut butter. Both were delicious and HUGE! The cake was soft and flavorful, the frosting was not too sweet and very smooth. The cupcakes were balanced and had a perfect cake to frosting ratio. The staff was very friendly and the shop was cute & clean. We will be back!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,5/15/2014,26,228,1,6,2>Good pies, good prices, good location. Came here with about 7 friends and we tried a variety of pies (maybe 10 among the 7 of us). I got a steak, mushroom and gruyere pie (great--and it is the crust--I finally understand what old people mean when they say that, now) which was wonderful (ate it all) and a sour cherry pie which had an amazing granola crumble on top. Very very good. Each slice is about $7 which is reasonable and the space is a decent size.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/14/2014,1,29,,4,3>Very pleasant experience painting pottery here. They have unlimited refills on a wide selection of colors. We went when there was a separate brithday party going on but we still felt like it was a calm environment for painting. A fresh and quiet retreat from the busy parking lot around the building. It's a great place for all ages.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/13/2014,14,32,,5,5>Thank you Yelp and fellow yelpers for helping me discover this place! This was my first of many visits to come. I love tabbouleh but can't eat it due to gluten allergies due to the way most places prepare it. They make the tabbouleh with gluten free quinoa instead of bulgar. The menu has several vegan and gluten free options. The tuna which is served with the Greek salad is one of the best I've ever had in my life. I'm going to say the best . Delicious, healthy, satisfying. I talked with the owner. Really cool guy and his family story of how the restaurant came to be is amazing. They have great people working here too. I love this little place and even though I live over 25 miles away, I will come back as often as I can to visit. Love love LOVE!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/12/2014,7,5,,5,3>I've belonged to Merritt for over 3 years and regularly take advantage of the cardio machines, weights and machines, the amazing pool (at the Canton location), the indoor track (at the downtown location), and the fitness classes (spin, bodypump, bootcamp, yoga, RPM).  They've recently updated their cardio machines and have always maintained a clean and comfortable setting throughout the Canton facility.   The new White Marsh location looks amazing and will be a great benefit for folks who live or work nearby.The Canton location is especially spacious and updated, has a lot of parking and bike racks, and is open 24 hours.  The fitness instructors all have different personalities and motivational tactics.  Especially fun (and still very motivating) are Mysty Edrington (spin), Tracy Newman (RPM), and David Johnston (bodypump in particular).  Instructors welcome questions or comments after the class and offer opportunities to improve form as well as give feedback.The only billing issue I had was with a contract renewal.  Once I contacted the correct person (info easily obtained from the front desk at Canton), it was dealt with the same day, fully, and professionally.Even though I enjoy plenty of outdoor activities, especially once the weather improves, the gym (and especially the classes) offer great opportunities to build strength, cross train, vary exercise, and work out during the winter, bad weather, or after dark.It may seem pricey but frankly it's an investment.  Notably, it costs less than satellite TV and about the same as high-speed DSL.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,5/11/2014,84,101,,5,3>This place is  full on old school barbershop.Located just across from a well known irish bar/restaurant (I'm not a fan of) on Maryland Ave, clearly marked by a barber pole.  I heard about it from a neighbor that went in for a straight razor shave to big farewell to his winter beard.  I liked the idea, and needed a trim as well, so I followed is lead.Going at 10am on a Saturday, I knew I was in for line.  While the wait was probably 20 minutes, I had expected it to be much longer.  There were a lot of people in there, standing and sitting on the left side of the shop, all waiting for one of the 4 chairs to open up.There's no ticket system, people keep track on their own and the barbers do a decent job of keeping track.  I'd stay vigilant so you don't get stepped over, but all in all the system seems to work.The day I was in there, they had Carlson's donuts, a vegetable juice based drink in a pitcher, coffee, and oddly enough farm fresh eggs (which a customer with chickens dropped off for people to take home).  There's a coat rack towards the back of the shop, so wander back and drop off your jacket.  Also, if you didn't bring cash, hit up the ATM near the last chair in the right, they don't take credit cards.My hair cut was quick, but very well done.  I needed something to clean me up and get rid of the shag in preparation for warmer weather, and the barber (Gerard) did a great job.For me though, the straight razor shave was what I was most interested in.  He added a head rest, kicked the chair back, and inserted a new razor into the straight razor.  Then the guy next to me started talking about the movie 'Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street'...sweet, thanks guy.Either way, the shave was really cool.  I have a sensitive face, but Gerard was very aware of it and skipped the 'against the grain' steps to save me some irritation.  Here's the steps (best I remember):-Clippers to get the beard down-Hot Towel-Hotter Tower-Hot oil massage to soften things-Hot lather-shave/lather as necessary a couple times (the main shave stage)-Hot tower-Menthol/oil rub-Hotter towel-double check for missed spots-Cold TowelTotal time was maybe 30-40 minutes?  In the end it was a great ceremony to be rid of the beard.  A few spots were missed (small areas with a bit of stubble) so I had to do a quick cleanup at home.  But all in all, for such a close shave on such a babied face, I was relatively irritation free...far better off than if I'd done my own shaving.I'd like to go back after shaving for a month or so and have another shave, since my face woudl be more ready to handle a close shave.Total damage was $35.  I can't remember the breakdown but I'd guess $15 for the haircut and $20 for the shave.  Either way, I felt good about the price. It has the expected barbershop banter, and plenty of people know eachother in there, so it has a very comfortable feel.  I believe the staff is:The StaffFaraj Capistrano - (owner, uses the first chair), he's tall with dark hair tied backSam - shorter guy, darker hair and featuresGerard - older guy (relative to the rest of the staff, sorry Gerard)Dave - Shorter guy with reddish hair
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/10/2014,69,158,9,9,6>This is how my Sunday afternoon happened:Man friend and I were driving down Belair road toward Walmart to buy a trash can since our other one got hijacked (long story).  I see a burger stand as he is speeding down the road.  I Yelp said burger stand as quickly as possible, see that it has stellar reviews, and immediately demand that he make a U-turn and go back to it.We pull up to the stand and are greeted by a nice guy working the window.  I see that the menu includes things such a One Eyed Pig (pit ham, pulled pork, bacon), a Texas Cheeseburger (with BBQ, onion rings, bacon), and an array of Bratwurst and sausages.  HOW DO YOU EVEN MAKE A DECISION WITH MENU ITEMS LIKE THAT?!??My man friend obviously saw that I was facing a lot of internal strife and told me to get a double stack burger, since the place prides itself on its burger meat.  I took his recommendation and customized it with the toppings I wanted.  About 5 or 10 minutes later, the guy at the window handed me a delicious smelling bag with a massive brick of a burger (it had to be at least 6 inches tall) and also threw in a free order of fries.  Thank you for that! :)I chowed down right there on the side of the road, and I am not exaggerating when I say it has to be one of the best burgers I have had in years.  Perfectly cooked, so juicy, and it tasted FRESH!  The bun was also amazing, and the toppings were crisp and fresh, as well.  Fries were also delicious, not overly greasy, and seasoned with salt and pepper.  This entire meal blew places like In-N-Out, Five Guys, and Z Burger right out of the water, and put me into the happiest food coma I've had in ages!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/9/2014,24,19,1,4,3>I had heard about the place a few times in passing but had forgotten about it.  Then it was time for Valentines Day, so I needed to find something new and different.  Plates reviewed well on Open Table also, with really the only negative standout being the odd location / entrance through the gym.Anyway, nice little place, the servers were very friendly and accommodating.  They did make an effort for the occasion in decorations and a nicely 3-course planned special with some complimentary wine (which we didn't find out until after we had ordered drinks, but either way).The calamari and oysters were pretty good  for being so early in the year.  The salmon tacos I ordered and the white fish taco's my girlfriend ordered were nice, but the fish portions were a bit on the small side with bit too much black bean juice.  My son liked his chicken Quesidilla (sp?).  But let that not deter you from the quality of the food.Over all, I enjoyed the experience, service and the food.  These smaller, more distinct spots around the city are really nice to see, and I would suggest Plates to friends (heck I think I have twice already) and would probably go back later this year.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,5/8/2014,27,211,1,7,5>A friend of mine said that the "Po' Boy Salad" was exactly like eating the Po' Boy but without the bread. We're probably ruined for all regular run of the mill pizza's at this point. The duck pizza is heavy, but flavorful. The shrimp pesto much lighter (that one was my favorite, shhh don't tell the duck). We also had a Tooloulou Chop salad and the home made dressing was delightful. The gator on one of the salads appears to be hand breaded. I was able to taste the dijon cole slaw and it was nice and tart with a hint of spicy mustard bite.We will go again. Guaranteed.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/7/2014,37,89,1,6,4>Don't Know is my go-to when I just feel like hanging out and don't have any real plans. Partly it's because it's super convenient to where I live, but it's also just a fun bar. It can get crazy crowded (beware of Friday nights from 7-10 when it's $10 all-you-can-drink Natty Boh and wine). But any other time, it's just right.I also love that they have board games (I've played many a round of Apples to Apples there), giant beer pong (with buckets), nice bartenders, and occasionally some good live music (in general they play great music). I would definitely recommend Don't Know if you're looking for a cool, down-to-earth spot to hang out in Fed.[As for food: I've tried a few different things and some things are really good and some are meh. The special fries -- I forget what they are, parmesan or something -- are freaking amazing though.]
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,5/6/2014,16,119,1,5,3>Stopped by this place in front of walter museum when I was walking past this area. It's a small hole in the wall place like others have mentioned but it's not grimy or disgusting like some other small eateries. It's clean, has bright colors, and was busy on a Thursday morning. The place is obviously very popular from what I could tell.I ordered the advertised steak and shrimp sub, ($13) which was humungous. It's basically a cheesesteak with 4 pieces of shrimp on top. I don't know if I would get this again. It's pretty pricey and the shrimp wasn't that great in my opinion. The cheesesteak part was awesome though on a toasted roll. I think the other options on the menu are a better deal and that's what most of the patrons seemed to be getting. Overall, this is one of the better small sandwich stops in the area and I'd stop by if I was craving a sub.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,5/5/2014,0,36,1,6,2>Great chicken, delicious rice & sweet potato sides. A great neighborhood joint with surprisingly huge dining area, and a very, very small menu. The ceviche was offered to me as a little sample, but it was a bit too fishy and not very "sashimi grade" fresh.The chicken and sauces, on the other hand, are delicious and very hot and well seasoned.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,5/4/2014,33,125,1,5,5>So I'll get the negatives out of the way because there aren't many: seating is severely limited and tricks you into thinking you can't actually eat there, though you may be able to sit upstairs. That part was unclear, and either way it's carrying your food/drink up steps and whether it's group or private space I don't know. Our barista/server/cashier indicated she was new, and she was very careful not to get any part of the orders wrong, but it was very slow service. Some of that is the set up; if you want something heated, it will have to heat in another room.The good: The place is pleasant and bright, with tons of things to look at and choose from when you're deciding what to eat. There's goat's milk lollipops! Teas! Gum that donates money to a cause! Chocolates! (Of course.) Everything is labeled with little chalk plaques, and indicates whether what you're eating will be vegan or gluten-free. There's a bunch of options for each. both sweet and savory.The food is amazing. I got something for breakfast and my roommate and I both picked up lunch, as well. Mostly because we're indecisive and there was a lot of good stuff to choose from. Their quiche is super tall and very fluffy, and I liked the spring veggie combination of onion and asparagus. There were a couple other varieties of quiche available, too. I took one of their vegan "dogs" home for later: it's a spicy seitan wrapped in puff pastry with herbs. It's delightful, and legitimately piquant. My roommate's pork pie was worth a shout, with sweet potatoes on the inside. The London Fog wasn't too sweet and it was a good balance of tea and vanilla. I'll have to hop around the menu - some great recommendations from other reviews. Cafe Miel? Don't mind if I do.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,5/3/2014,60,137,,4,2>Great place. I hate to say don't let the name fool you, because they are good people, but the name...screams college or biker bar. Not that I don't mind those kind I places, but anyway. Burgers are awesome. I always get those. Heard the cheesesteaks and pizzas are good as well. Really nice inside. Beautiful 360 degree central bar. Pool tables. Outside they have sand, tables, corn hole lanes, another bar and a stage for the summer. They even have a large room for events. Military discount of 15% and they have even supported the Air Base in more ways than a discount.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/2/2014,62,65,,8,4>First time yesterday after having this place bookmarked forever now! Never could make it because of their hours but so glad I finally did! Had the jerk chicken meal,  with Mac n cheese and rice and beans, and oh. my. god. Freaking AMAZING! The Smokey-ness of the chicken,  the spicy sauce,  the cheesy gooey Mac n cheese,  the flavorful rice. Mmmm mmmm mmmm!Have already told all my coworkers about this place and plan on taking a herd of them back tomorrow! Only suggestion - open more hours and more days!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/1/2014,35,132,,11,3>So I checked this place out, located near Arundel Mills, I thought why not!  Thanks to Christian for mentioning this place to me, I went in and got a facial.  When you walk in it is very clean, which is good!  They greeted me and gave me a bottle water, nice touch.  I got there early and they took me back straight away.  The room was cold, but I didn't say anything.  They waxed me first, which was quick and painless, I liked that.  Then the person doing my facial came in with blankets and I was cozy and warm and ready for my facial.  The facialist was a bit talkative, but in a way it was good, she was letting my know what she was doing and all I had to do was relax.Overall my experience was great.  My facial was 30 minutes, it felt like longer, I had a hard time staying awake.  They were courteous and professional, I am coming back for a mani and pedi.  Check them out, may you be as relaxed as I was.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,4/30/2014,23,62,1,4,3>Came here on a Friday night a few weeks ago. I was sad to see the restaurant had many open tables. I feel like the time when this was a scene is over (not that I am into scenes... I just like to see places do well) Our waiter was amazing and so nice, of course I can't remember his name. The pretzel rolls were amazing!! the app we shared: Tuna Poke Avocado, sesame & soy sauce was amazing... I wanted to lick the plate. I had trout (Ruby Red Trout Fingerling potatoes & fennel, parsley vinegar coulis) (which was a huge portion and looked like salmon)  It was amazing.... and here is the thing... I usually HATE fennel!! The way the chef made it, it did not taste like licorice. the bf had one of the specials... he really liked it I don't remember what it was. for dessert we had the cinnamon donut, it was just enough and yummy! come here for a quiet, romantic dinner!!! (and go early for the museum, and the gift shop,it is a blast!!)
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,4/29/2014,68,340,1,5,3>My friends and I visited this location for brunch on the weekend. We ordered a whole bunch of the mezza (the tapas style stuff) to share.We sampled almost everything on the brunch menu, and it was all delicious. The awamat (donuts) stick out as a favorite.The wait staff was very good at keep fresh pita and dipping oil on the table, which was also really tasty.  I'd definitely go back here any time. Worth every penny.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,4/28/2014,12,42,4,6,5>I get a tin of cookies from this place every Christmas from a law firm I work with. And it's the only work related Christmas gift I refuse to share with my coworkers because the cookies are THAT good and I don't want to share!!Was actually in Baltimore over the weekend and stopped here for dessert after dinner elsewhere. Even at 10:30 PM, there was a line out the door to get inside. My bf and I decided to actually sit and eat there rather than stand in line more and take stuff to go. Yes, the place was packed, but the waitresses definitely working their butts off to make sure everyone was happy. We ordered the nutella cheesecake that came with gelato and the apple Neapolitan (sp?) - which was like apple pie filling between layers of puff pastry and with gelato on the side. We each shared each dish and we were amazed at 1) how big the portions were and 2) how amazing each dish was. The cheesecake was probably the best cheesecake I've had in my life. The gelato was the perfect addition to each dish. I love the apple dish - the only complaint was that the layers of puff pastry were thick, so you almost needed a knife to get a bite -- but still, delicious! The cookies may be a tad over priced, but these are far better than any type of prepackaged cookie you could buy at a store. I'll continue to go here any time I'm in Baltimore!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,4/27/2014,157,175,4,8,5>What a really unique place! I was hunting on yelp for gluten free/paleo/grassfed etc. And this place popped up. It is definitely one of a kind. You kind of get the diner/small town feel when you enter this place. The folks are friendly and I think you can seat yourself. This place serves farm to table, locally grown food. Grass-fed beef, local butter, cream etc. They Have many gluten free options. I had a grassfed burger, sans bun (they did  have a gf option though!) Their veggie selections are fantastic, they had a large chalkboard with MANY side dishes to choose from. I had brussels and green beans instead of fries. They have a very large selection of sandwiches and entrees. Apparently they have a kick-butt breakfast which I'd love to try! You will see on the back wall they have a wall filled with coffee mugs for their regulars. I really loved that. The staff is very friendly, this place is not very large though and very casual. But I was very very impressed and can't wait to go back. It's nice to find people that care about quality ingredients!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,4/26/2014,38,182,,6,4>This place screams Baltimore and that's why I love it. The theme is something like fresh seafood combined with awesome breakfast/lunch favorites with a twist such as a Crab Cake benedict, white chocolate & raspberry pancakes, a bloody marry  with old bay, and a shrimp salad sandwich with fried green tomatoes.  The menu is eclectic, exciting and precise. Not too many items but enough to keep you interested in coming back to try something new.. Be warned: The wait here can be quite extensive. I came here on Sunday afternoon and waited about an hour for a table. But we were six people so it's understandable. Is it worth the wait? Yes.However, this place does indeed break the bank. Honestly, it's a tad overpriced for what it is. I think I paid like $65 for two people for brunch. The average dish is about $17-18, which for breakfast food is definitely not cheap. And the portions here are nice but not huge so don't expect to be stuffed when you leave. But despite the price, Miss Shirley's is a fine establishment and a Baltimore staple at this point. The service here is usually top notch as well and despite being crowded as all hell, its a bright, inviting restaurant that isn't dirty.  This review is in honor of the recent passing of Miss Shirley's owner, Edward Dopkin RIP 1952-2013
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/25/2014,178,175,3,6,6>When brunch plans go awry the yelp app is there to help! With it's chic contemporary tex-mex decor, attentive wait staff and vast selection, i'll be sure to visit  Xitomate again.A friend and I needed a back up when our previous brunch plans fell through.   I read several other yelpers reviews and settled on this spot.    We arrived post brunch( which looked awesome by the looks of the menu) but, that didn't stop us from partaking. I ordered the carne asade taco plate with a pacifico.  It was a good plate with decent serving portoins.  The steak was tender, the rice on the plate was savory...but the beans...idk... why do the beans always fall flat on texmex plates?!  smh,.We also ordered the fresh Guacamole Rojo.  It was spicy with an ample serving for the price (you know how spots get crazy with guac pricing but, give you soooooo little). Overall our dining experience was pleasant.  We both consumed our food in no time. I'm curious to see what the brunch and happy hr is like.  I'm sure awesome! On the downside, I will say their chips left a lot to be desired.  On the menu it stated that the first batch was on them but, the second was on you.   I was ok with the first batch.  Although the salsa was very delicious, savory and fresh, the chips were a meh.  They were very thick and it took some hard crunching to get through.  My friend cracked her filling on one of the chips.  Maybe use some thinner tortillas when making these guys?
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/24/2014,266,311,13,13,13>Alright, I'll give this a 4.5 out of five stars, and since its a beautiful day, AND I don't have to wear a jacket it'll get five five FIVE stars!! Woohooo!First things first, located on Ritchie Hwy, can't say that is easily noticeable from the road, there was a small sign, and I don't think that it says Mi Pueblo.  In fact I am almost certain it says something else....doh.  I don't know what it is. Parking appears to be fair, but IMO you should park directly in front of the restaurant, rather than on the side, as side parking is one hour only.  Ambiance: I Love. I love any and all things that make me remember my time in MX.  It just brought back great memories.  I love the colors, the high back wooden chairs everythang everythang!Food:  Yummerization going all up and through.  To begin, 4p-7p  is Happy Hour!  Woop! I lucked out, because I love a good drank, don't judge.....  And they had three dollar, yes  that's what I said, three dollar margaritas.  I'm not a margarita snob; therefore, it did not bother me that it was only the original margaritas at this price.  I didn't care, con sal please.  YES!  It was delish.  They have beer too for HH, but who needs beer when you have margaritas?  Okay moving on.  As you sit, the guacamole man comes to your table with his cart and asks if you want fresh guac.  Um, yes please!  It is totally made to your liking, from spices and what not.  I was pleased.  The menu was totally overwhelming to me, everything sounded soo good.  So I just stuck with my first choice, which was the burrito norteño.  It was basically a burrito, with a choice of beef, steak tips, or chicken with fresh pico, melted cheese, refried beans and mexican rice.  I swear it looked just like the picture, no lie!  It tasted even better.  I must admit, the steak tips were a little tough, but they definitely made up for it in flavor.  The beans were delish and the rice was amazing.  They had this hot sauce on the table that gave it another kick!  Yummo!My cousin got the burrito de la costa, which basically had tilapia, shrimp and scallop.  First things first, this thing was as big as the plate!  It was stuffed to capacity with goodness, and the seafood was seasoned wonderfully!  They sure didn't skimp or the seafood, as it appears that there was a piece with every bite!  This burrito did not come with sides, but you didn't need them based on the size.  Service: Awesome, everyone was on it.  They were nice, and attentive and always available. I think for the amount of food that we received, the portion size, the dranks, that Mi Pueblo is totally worth another trip.  The prices are totally reasonable, the portions are generous, and the food is tasty.  Mi Pueblo is a winner and I will be going back to try something new.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,4/23/2014,7,138,1,10,5>I've been here a few times over the past 4 years.  I noticed that the entire bar and restaurant side has been remodeled.  The bar is pretty large and wraps around in an oval shape.  There are also tables around the bar.  On Friday night, it was pretty crowded.  My friend and I found the last two seats on the far side of the bar.  I don't like that side as much because it feels a little confined.  There are decorative posts on the bar blocking access to the bar every so many feet.I've never ordered the food here before, but the beer selection is pretty decent.  If you want to go on the cheaper side, they have Bud, Natty Boh, and Yuengling Lager on tap, but they also have quite a few others like Guinness and Stella.  Prices are pretty average for alcoholic drinks.The Harp has a nice environment with tasteful decorating and music in the background.  There are also a few very large TV's high on the wall.  It's a great place to stop in for a drink, and it usually doesn't get too wild here either.  It can get a bit loud on weekend nights.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,4/22/2014,57,120,3,8,4>Had read previous reviews and came by this place when I had time to stop and have lunch.  Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and when given the choice of "mild, medium, or hot" went with the hot to eat there.The young woman that took my order at the counter was right about two things - the 'hot' is HOT....but in a OMG glorious way...and it would be too much for me to eat so she would prepare in a takeout bowl.My order was ready in approximately ten minutes.  During that time I saw two customers come in to pick up orders, and two guys going out with deliveries.  The first two bites were a bit overwhelmingly 'tomato-ey' but then the heat set in. In the most wonderful yummy way ever.  I was torn between just going for the gold or having leftovers the next day.  The leftovers were awesome.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,4/21/2014,121,53,7,10,10>This place NEVER disappoints! With it being open till 2am, it is a perfect place to end the night and finish it off with a few of their MOUTHWATERING pizzas and brews. Let's start off with their food first. My mouth is literally salivating right now as we speak.  I/ just had it a mere 10 hours ago for some late night shenanigans, so it's pretty fresh on my mind.  I'm pretty sure I could manage to eat a whole pie myself, no shame! I get their veggie pizza with feta on it.. never disappointed. Their garlic bread is really good as well! Perfect for sharing and a great amount!The ambiance is always fun.  There are always people there but never too crowded.  The bartenders are the sweetest and so friendly.  The lighting is dim and wait for it........... THERE IS A FIREPLACE! I I absolutely love fireplaces and the fact that this bar has one makes it that much better! You feel so comfy that you prob never want to leave!Definitely a must go
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,4/20/2014,87,79,5,9,5>A great place to see that movie you missed at the first-run theaters, or to take your kids to see their new favorite movie multiple times, or - if you're like me - the affordable movie-going experience. On a Friday night, $4.50 per ticket and a $12 combo (large popcorn with 2 medium sodas) will beat a single ticket to an IMAX 3D showing of some schlock at the local megaplex. While you're waiting for the movie, an array of quality movie soundtracks play in the semi-darkened theatre instead of being inundated with advertisements for your localPlastic surgery center and trivia about stars you don't care about. Finally, this is a no holds barred commentary  theatre - although everyone is respectful during serious movies. But don't be surprised if someone takes a call during the movie, or disciplines their child a row away.Popcorn is always delicious, seats are comfy, and the people watching is epic.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/19/2014,155,226,1,6,5>1/18/14YUMMERS!!! This lil gem was a nice new edition to my list of places to go! So it was my cousin's birthday and she wanted to go to dinner here as it is one of her favorite spots. I had never been to this place and didn't even knew it existed and I lived in Columbia for years before moving to Reisterstown. It is in a shopping center so there is parking but not much in the parking lot that the actually restaurant sits in. We had to park in the lot of the McDonald's that was next to the location. No biggie, it's Saturday night! We are greeted by a friendly pair of hostess and we tell them we have an 8 PM reservation and they immediately seat us in a huge booth in the back. It was very cozy! The waiter soon follows to tell us the specials and ask about drinks. We needed a moment so he said he would get waters and be back. Upon his return we were ready and order drinks and few appetizers to start. We had the mussels, a cheese platter, and shrimp and pesto flatbread pizza! YUM to it all! The cheese platter was a mistake order but they allowed us to keep it as it looked so good. I order a Riesling because I tried to go through their EXTENSIVE wine and drink menu! It is a bit overwhelming but can say that it is nice to see that they have wines and beers from all over the world. My cousin suggested the burger from here. I will have to say it was  a great suggestion! I am not a huge red meat fan but wanted a burger that night and this one didn't disappoint! SO GOOD!!!  The fries that came along with the order were paprika fries and they were an awesome addition to a great meal! To our pleasant surprise we actually got to meet Victoria! Her parents are the owner and she is the chief experience officer! She was so nice, personable, and friendly. When we told her that it was cousin's birthday she went to get a gift card for her that she could use on her next visit. Everything about this place is amazing; from the décor, management, the servers, drink, and the food. I will definitely be back. ;-)
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,4/18/2014,67,45,4,7,5>I'm a regular at Ouzo Bay and it's not really a surprise.  I enjoy simple, elegant foods that are not drenched in seasonings, but rather a strong hint of its natural flavors are still alive in every dish.  If it's meat like lamb chops let it be a bit gammy, but moist and succulent.   Seafood served fresh with edible garnish that are so good to devour as much as pleasing to look at is always appetizing.  Ouzo Bay brings flavor and elegance to live even with their happy hour menu.  The Lamb  sliders, Spanakopita Spinach, Leeks, Feta & Fresh Herbs Baked in Filo and Pikili House Spreads Chef's Sampler of House Made Spreads & Grilled Pita. Spreads Include Skordalia, Tyrokafteri, Taramosalata & Tzatziki are my must have for happy hour.  When it comes to Greek dinner I enjoy the Arni Giouvetsi Lamb Shank Slow Braised, Toasted Orzo & Vegetables Baked in Lamb Reduction or the whole fish The Black Sea Bass Charcoal Grilled Atlantic Specialty. Lean, White Meat, Flaky Texture Sweet Buttery Flavor hits the spot for me.  In the mood for a lighter flare go for the Tuna that is Charcoal Grilled Sashimi Grade Tuna with Roasted Artichokes, Plum Tomatoes served with Baby Fennel.  Great service, elegant but cozy ambiance, mouth watering grilled meats and chops, fresh seafood, extensive wine list, and hand crafted cocktails are all part of the detailed savory festivities that you can partake at Ouzo Bay.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,4/17/2014,45,104,5,7,4>The brussel sprouts rendered me incapable of speaking.The crispy polenta was transcendent. And the Duck Duck Goose pizza? There are no words except GO TO BIRROTECA AND ORDER IT RIGHT NOW.-1 star because when I'd been there previously I made the mistake of ordering a gin&tonic that was way overpriced ($10!) and not even any good and I'm still annoyed about that. But this time I had a concoction of tequila and St. Germaine that I'll probably dream about tonight so I think they've managed to redeem themselves.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/16/2014,183,700,3,10,7>WOW!!! There is no greater hidden gem!Bottega just recently opened up in October and, honestly, I drove passed it multiple times without even knowing it was a new restaurant, let alone a fantastic one, until my wife mentioned that she thought she saw a new establishment nearby. Well, good thing we decided to check it out... because I cannot rave enough about it.First, three things to note. 1) Bottega is BYOB.2) There is very limited seating, so reservations are the best way to go.3) Only dinner is served, and don't show up on a Sunday or Monday (because it's closed).Finally, food... IS FREAKING AMAZING! Bottega's menu changes frequently. I think it's on a weekly basis. The first time I went, I was stunned. The only things I said to my wife throughout the entire meal were constant repetitions and variations of "this is so good!" For our appetizer, we had the ricotta, honey, and pumpkin seed paste on bread. It was novel and delicious. We also had the tastiest pappardelle pasta ever, which was cooked with amazing boar meat. However, it was the octopus with sweet potato and mustard greens blew us away. I've never had a more tender, meaty, and delectable octopus dish. For those with a sweet tooth, the dessert was fabulous. Salted caramel, chocolate pie... words cannot accurately describe its goodness. The wife squealed in a way I've never seen her squeal before... Service was very pleasant, and I'd love to dine at Bottega more frequently.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,4/15/2014,90,149,3,9,4>It took me 13 years...but I finally found Southern style barbecue in the DMV! Hooray!! Now folks ...this is what pulled pork barbecue is supposed to be! Thank God I finally stumbled upon Cockeysville in my quest to buy a sofa. My car detoured in the parking lot of Andy Nelson's after seeing a large pig on top of the roof. I figured we were off to a great start.Everyone with me got a pulled pork sandwich with sides of fries. Who really cares about the sides...the sandwich was killer and huge and just like I LOVE barbecue. I was also pleased with the sauce choices. Mustard based sauce is popular in SC, and they had it! Also, for the sweet sauce lovers out there..they have another good sweet based sauce. Bottom line, good barbecue in my own NC girl opinion is supposed to be finely pulled or chopped. Andy's must have gotten my memo..cause this is way they do it. I look forward to returning for some ribs.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,4/14/2014,747,595,4,8,5>Everything about Pats Select Pizza is excellent. From the fresh ingredients to the quality dough used and even the simple brick oven adds to the high level quality this pizzeria  offers.This chain pizzeria is a welcomed addition to the area. Located off of Jumper's Hole Road and Ritchie Hwy there is plentiful parking in front of the restaurant. My family and I recently ordered takeout here and nearly started WW III after we all fought over the last few pieces left of the pie. We chose simple toppings on our large pizza and found the pie to be nearly covered in generously portioned toppings.  The sauce is spicy and sweet and adds a different flavor you will notice immediately and with that in mind it may be a little different than a normal large chain pizza, which might turn some people away. 4 stars, great establishment.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/13/2014,141,120,3,7,5>I've lived in Baltimore for about 30 years now...I know I look so young.  Fells Point has always been the fun place to hang out for happy hours, bar hopping, and yes theater(plays).  There are so many food places to get lost in.  My favorite is Stuggy's the best place to grab a hot dog and top it with crab mac & cheese. (to die for).  They have the Urban Pirates Cruise , where you can set sail as a pirate.  The shops are unique, many special one of a kind finds to be stashed up.  Come all to a fun place for the kids during the day but the night life is pure adult fun.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/12/2014,37,78,3,5,4>I have only tried one thing from Fellner's, but you can bet I'll be back. The quality of the pork ribs I bought was really, really good. The meat was so much better than the last ribs I purchased from Safeway. It just tasted fresher, had a great texture (AKA not frozen) and the cut I was so picky about was better than the prepackaged grocery store stuff. There are usually a bunch of butcher guys working at the counter, and while they aren't friendly in a "hey y'all!" Kind of way, they make the time to get you exactly what you want. You don't feel rushed. They could be a little friendlier...Prices are a bit higher than what I've been paying in grocery stores, that speaks more to the quality than price-gouging in my opinion. The worst part of Northeast Market is the high counters...ugh. That won't go in my rating, but short people should be advised - there's a bit of a reach for practically EVERYTHING in there.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,4/11/2014,133,198,3,7,6>I'm gonna make this one fairly short and sweet because I come here regularly for my bagel fix. I first developed my obsession for bagel sandwiches in college. Oddly enough my college town had the best bagel sandwiches ever and I couldn't figure out why. They were water bagels which were delicious and are my favorite. Then one day I figured it out; THEY MADE EVERYTHING FROM SCRATCH. This is why I like THB. The eggs are cooked to order on a griddle. None of this microwaving BS that Einstein's pulls. Are those even real eggs!?!? Same with the bacon or ham. It's cooked on the flat top. You know what else is awesome? When you ask for ham you actually get pork roll! For all you Philly and South Jersey folks, you know what I'm talking about! The bagels are decent and definitely not the worst I have had. Even though the line is long, it generally moves quickly. I would ask that you please pay attention to your number when it is called(hint: some people don't and it jams up the line!!) Another quick tip, I would also advise you to visit early in the morning on Saturdays or Sundays or you WILL be waiting in that long line!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/10/2014,92,83,1,7,5>My boyfriend and I were running errands in the area when hunger struck.  While deciding where to eat, I happened to remember Mezcal (yay positive Yelp reviews!) and suggested we check it out.  I am SO glad I did!We went went on a Saturday night around 10 and there was still a decent crowd.  We were seated right away.  The service was fast and our waiter was friendly.  The complimentary chips were fresh, and the salsa was really good!  It seemed to have a hint of barbecue flavor.For drinks, I got the Corona-rita and my boyfriend got a drink called "The Cantarita" (it came in a small clay vase which was awesome).  Both were very good, and the prices were reasonable for the drinks.For food, I got the Carnitas Chimichanga, and my boyfriend got the Carnitas Nachos.  Oh my goodness, they were delicious!  The pork was so tender it fell apart when you picked it up, and it was flavored so well.  The cheese sauce that was poured over my chimichanga and my boyfriend's nachos was tasty too.  I ate way more than I needed to because I couldn't stop!For dessert, we shared a piece of tres leches cake, and surprise surprise, that was also good!We enjoyed our meal so much, we were tempted to go back for dinner the next day.I'm so happy to have Mezcal in the area, and can't wait to return!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/9/2014,47,291,3,6,2>This was my first shot at this new upscale fast-food joint in Canton Crossing.  I ordered the Pesto Steak Piada, a side of polenta fries and a orange Italian soda.  The menu is really setup to build-your-own but since this was my first outing I thought it best to take the recommendations of the establishment.  The pesto steak piada was excellent and had a ton of steak in it.  The polenta fries were absolutely disgusting and were over seasoned.  The Italian soda was a nice mix from the standard coke/pepsi options.  Venti Tre was well staffed (maybe over staffed) and extremely courteous.  You could tell it was new because they were highly focused on the food rather than the seating area (which needed to be re-stocked and cleaned more regularly).  Yes, it sounds like I am complaining a lot but the food was actually very good and I will definitely go back.   Plan that dinner for two will be around $25.  I hope they keep up the attentive and happy natured service!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,4/8/2014,496,104,2,5,3>We had a great walk here at Ole Ranger today. Through the leaves and the trees and the wife and dog and I really enjoyed ourselves. There was hardly anyone else on the well-marked trails today. It's an easy drive outside of downtown baltimore and we will definitely be back. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because another car was broken in to and had a smashed window and the police were there when we left. So, leave any valuables in your trunk or at home!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,4/7/2014,20,137,,7,5>Decided to check this place out after all the great reviews and we were in the area.  I came with my friend who spends a lot of time in Hawaii.  The place is not in an area of town I frequent, but it has decent street parking and a lot which it shares with a bar.  The service is really friendly, and accommodating.  The spam musubi was delicious and their special sauce makes it that much better.  For those who fear spam, this can help you start a love affair with meat out of a can.  The adobo moco was hearty, tangy and truly a comfort food.  I brought a take home container of the teriyaki beef with rice and mac salad for my gf.  She typically hates mac salad, but this time she ate the whole thing.  The beef was flavorful and tasty, I wished it was grilled over a flame.Anyways, my buddy gave his 2 thumbs up and feels it is a truly authentic experience.  I'm glad we found this place.  Baltimore can always use great, new restaurants.  How many crab cakes can you possibly eat. Too bad they weren't located downtown... take one of those countless dive bars out of their and my misery.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/6/2014,67,76,2,9,6>This place was delicious. I ordered the special - Tre Funghi Ragu. The chef described it as ravioli stuffed with 3 kinds of mushrooms over ragu. The ragu was made of pulled pork that had been cooking for 8 hours, proscuitto, italian sausage, and porcini mushrooms, drizzled with olive oil and balsamic reduction. While the ravioli had a distinct mushroom flavor, the ragu tasted mainly of pulled pork in a tomato sauce. Don't get me wrong, still amazing. It might be my lack of a pallet, but I couldn't taste too much of the mushroom in the pork. The ravioli itself was amazing and the portions fairly generous. Each ravioli was about 3 inches in diameter. I will definitely be back to try their sandwiches. This plate was around $14 but most of their items are under $10.Update: I know some others have already complained, but the address is WRONG. Trinacria Food Store is located on Paca, but their Cafe is located in Mt Vernon. Same owner, 2 VERY different locations. The address is 111 West Centre Street, corner of Park Ave and Centre St. They hours are also wrong. They are open until 7:30pm, so definitely drop by for dinner.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,4/5/2014,31,108,,10,4>My work lets me work from home, so I tend to try out a lot of coffee shops in the area that have free wi-fi. High Grounds provides fast free wi-fi and their espresso and coffee is great. I have been here several times and will definitely be back on a regular basis.They provide microwaved breakfast sandwiches for those in a rush, handmade toasted sandwiches for those that want a better meal (ME), bagels, muffins, wraps, and pastries. All of these are for a reasonable price, though on the current menu they don't list the prices for the bagels, pastries, and handmade sandwiches. There is decent amount of seating and the owner is adding outlets to most of the tables. Seating was a great layout and the tables made it easy to get my work done. For a local coffee shop this one is striving to set the bar of excellence very high.The owner Michael is willing to make a difference for his customers and quickly addresses any issues that are brought to his attention.I received a brief tour of their coffee grinding operation which provides coffee to some of the larger grocery stores. They run 6 days a week grinding coffee from multiple countries.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,4/4/2014,71,270,3,6,4>Love this place! If only they would open up a bit closer to home so that I could walk by and get a juice every morning!I came in really just wanting a green drink but found myself in a little vegan oasis! So cute! I love that they have a limited selection of products and shirts, too! I got "The Farmer" and my boyfriend (carnivore) decided to be brave and try the BBQ "Chick'n" Local--and he LOVED it! Ate every last bite. The juices were some of the best I've ever had: We got the Sweet Greens and the Hot Shot-- don't know which I enjoyed more. My minor complaints are that the service is a little slow (although...I know... I have to remember that this is not pre-prepared food like at a chain restaurant), but it took AWHILE. Also, I wish the sandwiches could come with something besides chips...maybe some sprouts, cucumber slices, baby carrots, or fruit!Can't wait to go back next time I'm (even somewhat) nearby to try more. Hope to make it in for some vegan breakfast sometime soon!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,4/3/2014,40,119,4,7,4>Downtown baltimore lacks pho places. To be precise, there is only ONE pho restaurant in all of baltimore city. What the pho?!?!?! I was desperately craving pho friday, mostly because I was suffering from a massive hangover, and attempted to go to Mekong (said pho place in baltimore). I made the walk but unfortunately was not able to get a seat because I went right during the rush. Even ordering take out would have taken at least one hour. I would have made the trip back to Mekong however, the owner/waiter/host was pretty  rude to me both when I went in person and again when I called to ask if the place was still busy. I decided to take my business elsewhere which led me to Pho Saigon. This place is located in a jack of all trades shopping complex. Seriously - dentist, orthodontist, family practice, cat clinic and pho. What more do you want? To be honest, I wanted pho so bad that anything would have satisfied that craving, however there were a few key things that stood out to me about pho saigon and why I will most definitely recommend this place to my friends and make a second visit!1) Super fast service! We placed our orders of drinks and food and everything came out within 15 mins of ordering. 2) Delicious pho, broth is easily one of the best I've ever had. 3) Servings are HUGE and well worth the price although it wouldn't hurt to get a little bit more meat4) Pho Saigon is an equal opportunity establishment. This may sound very duh-ish, but how many ethnic food places have you been to that have servers that are not of that particular ethnic group? It was refreshing to see people that were not only Vietnamese individuals working here.So all these great points and why not 5 stars? The -1 star comes from the initial impression when we walked in and had to wait for quite a bit before we were even acknowledged. Luckily, everything else made up for that initial impression.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,4/2/2014,151,317,1,8,6>I was in the area in need of food and came across the reviews for this place.. I figured the reviews were good and I only needed a bagel sandwich so it was a safe option.. When I got in the lady behind the counter greeted me right away then gave me time to look over the menu.. I was a little thrown off as she was taking orders, cooking, waitressing and stocking the kitchen..and still my items didnt take long to come out. The staff was really pleasant despite the fact that there were only two people working with a steady stream of customers. I ordered a simple breakfast sandwich on a bagel and was pleased with it. I will stop in again next time im in the are to try something else out but this isnt the type of place I would go out of my way to get something..
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/1/2014,436,152,6,11,8>This is very cool graveyard and church right in the middle of downtown Baltimore. I've passed it a hundred times and never realized it is the site of Poe's grave. Located next to The University of Maryland Medical Center and Lexington Market, it is on the side of the historic church on the property. There is more to see than just Poe's grave, it is full of very old tomb stones and above ground burial vaults. Most of the graveyard is old concrete with some grass and trees. it is very small and easy to breeze through there in a few minutes or you can spend an hour reading every tombstone's epitaph in detail.It is a good place to visit on a nice day when you're in the area. There is always street parking somewhere or parking garages are all over the place.Yeah - this is my 100th review....finally! :)
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,3/31/2014,18,47,4,5,4>Dude this place is the bomb! It's tiny. Like, minuscule. A one-man shop, I'm assuming. There are about 4 tables, and they were all empty when we visited on a Monday for lunch. Zero decor which is why only 4 stars.The italian sausage meatloaf...omgzThe goat cheese mac n' cheese...omgzThe pulled pork???...omgzFreakin' awesome.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/30/2014,122,108,4,10,7>This place was/is an unexpected awesome find! Now, one might say then why not 5 stars?? I am half Mexican (well Mex and Basque and some Thai but raised mainly in a Mexican background with Mexican cooking) so my standards are high plus I grew up in California (not Cali). That being sad, I can find Tapatio at every corner plus Mexican Chorizo for .99 and not $5 like I find in most Hispanic grocery stores around here. I just happened to Yelp what places were nearby a dealership I stopped at and I came across this place! Found rave reviews from a few very reliable Yelpers so I took myself and my little Bella on the search for GREAT Mexican in a 3 state radius (yes, it's that serious!) This little restaurant attached to a house does have limited & awkward parking but who cares when it comes to good food!I found parking easily on a Tuesday late afternoon between lunch and dinner service so that was 1 star. I was greeted by the owner who explained his background being from Mexico City and he kept me company with talks of his menu and some sweet banter with my little one... another star right there. I ordered a few different things to try just for myself knowing full well I would be taking the rest in a to-go container. I ordered the "Pambazo" sandwich which is dubbed something that can't be found anywhere in the Country. I think this may be true although I think I might have come close to making something close to this when I was Mcgyver-ing it once one late night. It's a hard but soft and chewy roll... brushed with guajillo sauce (typically a dried chile and I use it to make enchilada sauce) on the outside then they put a nice crust on the outside which is a very nice touch, I might add, The inside is stuffed with papas (potatoes) and chorizo/crema (Mexican sour cream)/lettuce/queso fresco and then of course I load it with both the red and green salsa that was available to me. The salsas were both EXCELLENT but that red one... I need to decipher with more research..just saying.  I also ordered the sope with beans and the shredded beef plus the usual fixins of lettuce/queso fresco and crema. The owner made it clear that I could build my own. I had seen roasted poblanos and mushrooms as options for the main topping which I had never seen on any Mexican menu or home. The sope shredded beef was flavorful and moist but the sope itself was dry and flaking off in chunks when I would cute bites off.. my least fav out of what I ordered but still good enough to eat... if that makes sense. I also ordered their spicy chicken taco which was AMAZE BALLS! It had nicely soften onions in it.. all marinated together with a chicken in a spicy red sauce. Nothing too spicy for me but others might find it warm in the throat a bit. Lastly, I ordered a kids, quesadilla with chicken/cheese as the owner pointed out to what a child was eating in the next booth. My little one is a picky one and she wouldn't even touch it... that's just her. UGH.. I however tried it myself and dipped it in the sour cream because the chicken was very dry and the cheese was minimal. My Pambazo was ohh so comforting because chorizo plus anything is a staple back home, the taco was MONEY... and the kids quesadilla was FREE hence my 4th star. I will definitely be back to try their whole menu... not all at once but for my now go-to fav Mexican restaurant in a 3 state radius. EVERYONE in driving distance... come here!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,3/29/2014,49,138,4,10,7>So I think it's safe to say that I have a favorite new spot. The combination of farm to table and a nice big selection of microbrews on tap, peaks all of my interests and what I'm looking for in an eating and drinking establishment. The servers and bartenders are all very friendly and knowledgeable about the beer and the fare. They (along with the awesome suggested beer pairings for each and every menu item) lead me to eat a few things that I definitely did not regret, including:*cheddar cornbread - cheesy and supple, and somehow tastes better as you eat it.*soy glazed wings - served with pickled veggies. very nice.and, last but not least:ONE OF THE GREATEST BURGERS I'VE EVER EATEN. Yes, And I have had my fair share of cow sammiches. Get it medium rare, per the chef's suggestion, and then take a bite. Prep yourself for the absolute bliss that is the mixing of well-crafted burger sauce, locally-sourced meat juice, and your saliva. AND GET IT WITH BACON! Apparently the butcher and smoke it in-house. This is serious bacon.If all that weren't reason enough to go, they have a very creative mixed drink list, including 3 delectable versions of one of my favorite drinks, the Moscow Mule. So if you're worried about your non-beer drinking company not having anything to imbibe, fear not.Sadly I was too stuffed from delicious beers and delicious food and did not have a chance to try any dessert. But I've told by early frequenters and restaurant staff that they are to die for. Oh! And the finomcee came here for weekend brunch and thoroughly enjoyed it.If you dare venture into the depths of the Enchanted Forest, make sure to stop here.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,3/28/2014,31,213,2,12,9>Wow, I saw a post about them on a local Patch and decided it would be cool to try them out. My daughter was being treated and given the choice between here or a Japanese eatery, and she decided that tea sounded excellent. So off to historic Ellicott City, where we had to battle with confusing streets and full parking lots just to get in.Upon entering, you're going to notice that it's small. I mean ~very~ small. They have three small tables in the main area by the door (seating 2 people each) and a back area with a larger table (4 people) and one or two more small tables. I'd say that if a dozen people tried to eat in at once, they'd be at capacity. Luckily, most of the customers just want to order tea to go, so eventually a seat will open up.As for menu, this is a tea cafe and that is their specialty. They must have a dozen different teas, from green to black to herbal, Asian to Western, etc. They prepare your tea traditionally, which means using steeped, loose leaves rather than tea bags. Luckily they provide you with to-go cups that have filters in the lids, so you're not picking plants out of your teeth. All of their tea is ~excellent~ and they'll work with you on extra water for steeping, sugar, cream, etc.For food, this is a small cafe with minimal dishes. They have a small variety of Asian snacks, such as muffins or sweet breads, that may not be favorable to Western pallets. They also serve onigiri with a variety of fillings and a small sushi list. The sushi is decent, although I have more favorite places, but their onigiri platter is well worth the $10. It comes with two onigiri, edamame, and sausages and is great for a nice lunch. Better yet, get dessert here as they have vanilla, black sesame, and matcha ice cream and the ever-so-tasty red beans to go with them!Their name and specialty is traditionally served matcha, which is a green tea powder known for its health benefits and energizing nature. You receive a small amount of the tea in a traditional bowl along with an accompanying sweet confection. For those that have never had matcha, you're to take bites of the confection for the sweetness to counter (and enhance) the extreme bitter flavor of the tea. I love matcha and, even though it had been 15 years since I'd last partaken, it all came back to me once here.So, despite the small size, limited fare, and hidden location of this cafe, I am ranking this one of my top stops of the DC area. The woman who runs it is a wonderful Japanese lady, who still believes in traditional preparation and style, that has been great every time we've visited. This is a great stop for a mid-day lunch, afternoon tea, or those interested in traditional Japanese fare. Even better, if it's a nice day out you can combine it with a walk around historic Ellicott City!Totemo oishii!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,3/27/2014,53,106,,8,5>From the people who brought you Grillfire, Vivo is a new hot spot in Hanover MD. If you have a hard time finding it, try searching for the intersection of Arundel Mills Blvd and Dorchester Blvd in Hanover. Parking is located in the garage of "The Hotel".They have a great atmosphere and excellent service. We were taken care of by one hostess, three servers, and had three managers check on us during and after our meal. If you are looking to spend $10-$30 on dinner, hit up the chick-fil-a down the road. We spent about $120 for dinner. Each appetizer and side is about $6-9 and entrees were $15-$25. My chicken parm was a huge portion but did not come with any noodles. Drinks were priced $7-$12. We also tried take out on another occasion. It was great. The managers really appear to want to make sure you are happy and everything is running smoothly. This place just opened this month. I'll try to write an updated review after a couple more visits.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/26/2014,195,458,1,7,6>If you plan on going more than twice a year, get a membership.  It's tax deductible and the perks are great.  We have used our membership so much this last year and loved every trip.  The member only evenings have no crowds and plenty of room for my little guy to run around without disturbing everyone.  The staff is incredible!  They are friendly, engaging and just plain fun.  We feel so welcome and wanted here.  They do not do a dolphin show anymore, but more on an educational experience with a little bit of fun thrown in.  Yes, there is still a splash zone :)My only complaint is parking!  The garages near by are expensive even when they do validate a portion of it for you.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/25/2014,101,151,3,8,5>What a cool place! I had probably driven or walked by this spot a million times and never noticed it but I'm glad I found it! I didn't expect it to be so tiny, only six lanes on the bottom floor and six on the top but it seems like the locals love it because the place was packed! Anywhere that adults can have a birthday party complete with cone hats is a place I want to be! hahaWe arrived early for our reservation and the owner seemed a bit exasperated but after chatting while she set up our lane, her mood brightened a bit. I think they were having a few mechanical issues with the lanes, which, on a Friday night, I can understand her frustrations.Anyway, we had a blast bowling and so did everyone around us. I love that it's BYOB but I do wish there was a functioning snack bar, it didn't appear as if the snack bar had been open for a long time. That won't stop me from coming back again in the future!Make reservations, especially on weekends!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/24/2014,144,117,3,8,5>What can you say about something that everyone else has already heaped praise upon? It's awesome. You can stop this review now, cause you know all you need to know. But if you want to know more, we had the brisket and it was so tender and juicy, and each sauce we tried was true to its name, whether from KC, Texas, North Carolina, and others. My favorite was the KC and Memphis sauces, but the Tupelo Honey Heat was really interesting (and delicious!) The sides themselves were also great, just complimenting the wonderful brisket. I also like their mission of supporting police and soldiers, providing a way for the customers to help out with the special cup you can buy, and a portion given to wounded warriors. Staff was friendly, and prices reasonable. Make this a MUST TRY.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,3/23/2014,31,109,4,8,4>The fact that I can walk to this locally owned little bake shop has no bearing on my review. I would love it regardless.The bread is made fresh with only natural ingredients like eggs and honey, you know, like how bread was meant to be made.I go in for bread but normally get sucked into one of the awesome little treats in the display counter too. Soooo yummy.Oh and they sell wine! So if we're heading to a friends house for dinner we stop in and grab a loaf of bread and a bottle of nice wine and we're set!Don't do what I do and make big bread plans on Mondays because they're closed but every other day it's a go from 7-6!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/22/2014,17,163,2,8,4>Came here with friends last night for the Oktoberfest and some polka dancing and had a blast. Judging from the rating disparities, I've decided that there are people who fundamentally get it and people who just don't.This charming, anachronistic German banquet hall provided an experience unlike anything else I've encountered in suburban MD (or anywhere or that matter.) I was a little nervous and uncertain when we first stepped in, the polka music blaring and avid dancers galloping around the dance floor, but we were quickly put at ease by the old time charm of the place. Apparently, this is the first site of Oktoberfest in the US. The Alt Washingtonia Schuhplatters,  preformed authentic (and amusing) dances, songs, and musical numbers involving perfectly tuned cowbells. The band came on in between segments and played polkas, waltzes and a little bit of rock and roll. The regulars who come really know how to boogie and you just might be asked to dance. We are vegetarian, so can't really comment on the food. My guess is it isn't too special since the friends we went with didn't say anything about their dinners. We had the German chocolate cake, which the spouse joked was Sarah Lee, but whatever it was good. Service was eh. Didn't see our waitress too much.Good selection of German beers on tap and bottle. Spouse thought the draft beers were a little off and vinegar-y and advises to stick to the the bottles. I think we'll definitely be back. Way better Oktoberfest destination than the large, impersonal festivals that charge entry fees.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,3/21/2014,334,725,4,10,7>I saved the Inner Harbor for my 700th review. I think the charm of the small city is evident here because this is what most people know when they think of Baltimore. Either that or its the scary Wire show scenes (just stay away from those areas). Before I highlight my favorite parts of the harbor, I have to say, you must venture out from it. The Inner Harbor is the touristy part of the city. Everyone that lives in the city doesn't really hang out at the Inner Harbor and there is a reason. Don't go to the chain restaurants. Try a local place. Try another neighborhood. Once you start to experience the culture you'll see that Baltimore has so much more to offer.So here is what I love.- Running around by Opera's condo (heard she has one in the Ponta's Villas but not sure :-)- Climbing Federal Hill to the flag and canons to see the view of when they protected the Inner Harbor back in the day- The skyline of the buildings- Watching the ducks sunbathe by the dock- Trying to speak and hear the sound bounce back from your friend over by the Science Museum- Watching the volleyball games during the summer- Shopping at Urban Outfitters- Having a drink or watching a Raven's game & being on TV as fans in Tir Na Nog- Going to the Aquarium- Watching the Christmas light show synchronized to music on the side of the Power Plant/Hard Rock Cafe bldg- Walking across the hanging bridge and feeling a little freaky cause it moves- Climbing the historic red light house- Looking at the iconic neon Domino Sugar lights across the water- Running towards Fell's Point and smelling the baking bread early in the morning- New Year's Eve fireworks - my favorite fireworks show
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/20/2014,138,111,4,7,5>For what it is (a dive) this place is excellent!This place is definitely a dive.. my first time in Dundalk and I resorted to Yelp to find somewhere to have a quick bite and this place popped up. When I walked in I noticed a hand written sign that said credit card machines were down, cash only. Luckily, for once in my life I had cash, so not an issue.They had a ton of things on the menu, my boyfriend ordered: - Raging Bull (pit beef and ham, with provolone and tiger sauce) - Pit beef cheesesteak  - Side of friesOur total was around $16, not too shabby for lunch.The kitchen is right behind the counter, which is good and bad, you can see everything they are doing back there which is good, but you can see everything they are doing back there which can be bad.Even when one of them launched my sub roll into the air across the line to land on the cooktop... I kind of stared for a second (did that really happen?) but it's not like it hit the ground or anything, so I will let that slide. I realize the people that work here are young adults, probably their first job. I remember my first job at Papa Johns, so I can totally relate. Overall, I am totally happy we stopped here, it was absolutely delicious, the fries were awesome, the cheesesteak was awesome, the raging bull was awesome... when I am ever in Dundalk again I will definitely swing by this place again.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/19/2014,17,313,3,7,6>A bunch of friends and I stopped by for dinner last night.. best decision we've made! I honestly didn't expect much judged on its appearance, but the food here is amazing and extremely cheap. We ordered 2 vegetarian platters, 1 beef, and 1 lamb to share between 8 people, which was more than enough food and came out to $6 each, including tip and tax. The place is really small, seats around maybe 12 people or so.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/18/2014,68,94,2,9,4>Fork & Wrench was the best meal I had in Baltimore in 2013. We picked Fork & Wrench for our family holiday get-together and it turned out to be the perfect spot. My dad and stepmom left Baltimore in 2001 and I was hell bent on showing them that Baltimore is a lot cooler than it used to be. Enter Fork & Wrench. The evening stared off with Manhattans at the bar. I love a good Manhattan and these were particularly delicious, using rye instead of bourbon. We took our seat at the bar and enjoyed the well-made drinks and beautiful decor. The restaurant's style is industrial, but warm and inviting. Everyone in our group of 5 had pretty hearty appetites so we decided to order a little bit (ok, a lot) of everything and share. For first courses, we had: PEI mussels, roasted bone marrow, risotto with duck ragout, the house charcuterie, and the cheese plate. We enjoyed every single one. The bone marrow was so delicious that I could not stop myself from picking up the bone and gnawing on it, manners be damned! Thankfully I was with family that appreciates bone marrow as much as I do so they were willing to forgive my devolving into a cave-woman to savor the smooth, rich bone marrow. Now onto the main courses: fried chicken, pork belly, seared duck, and steak. The meats were cooked perfectly, well seasoned, and devoured. Fork & Wrench knows what they're doing when it comes to meat. The service was attentive and helpful. It was the perfect place to gather for the holidays and enjoy a nice meal. I will absolutely be back and hope to try brunch soon. Side note: do yourself a favor -- valet. Parking in Canton is nightmarish and it's only $7.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/17/2014,55,44,1,30,16>I went to Chutney's last night with 2 of my friends.  The service was great, the food was delicious, and we were even asked to try a few other dishes on the house which included Dal, Samosas, and Rice Pudding.  It was all incredible to say the least.We shared Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, and Channa Masala with Potatos added to it.  We also had Garlic Naan.  The service, food, and atmosphere was better than Akbar was.  We will be coming back!  Just keep up the great standards for your service and food PLEASE!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,3/16/2014,42,207,2,7,3>What a great little neighborhood bar! One of the few bars in Baltimore with an appropriate noise level. They don't take reservations but we showed up on a Friday night at 6pm and had no trouble finding a table for 4.5. The ambiance is simple but perfect for conversation and a baby. Our server, who was the sous chef and was filling in for a server, was extremely friendly and enthusiastic. I got a margarita which was delicious and my husband and friends were happy with the beer selection. For food, we shared the pretzel bites, which were good and then we all got burgers and substituted Roseda meat in all - mine a chipotle burger and my husbands, the blue moon. Both burgers were perfectly cooked and delicious. Probably among the top 5 burgers in Baltimore. For dessert, we shared the candy explosion which was just ok. Nothing to remember the night by. Overall, highly recommended especially if you're a burger aficionado.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,3/15/2014,53,917,,6,2>I am not new to Golden Krust; I have known GK since I used to live in NYC. I am glad that there is GK in the area. This Golden Krust is cleaner than the GK in Jamaica Queens NYC. I can say that this is the stop for oxtail stew. Their oxtail stew is saucy, tasty, and tender. I have been looking for Caribbean food since I moved in Maryland and I have found the perfect oxtail stew cooking at the Golden Krust. Going back from time to time to have fatty but perfectly cooked oxtail stew will be a part of my eating out. However, I can't say never that when my curiousity strikes to try other Caribbean /Jamaican restaurant is going to be over.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,3/14/2014,181,147,1,5,3>Quaint little BBQ spot in Parkville, mostly a spot for take out than dine-in.I got the Kansas City Spicey Pork Ribs: 8/10 for the Ribs, but the sauce was not that spicy, so it was OK!I also got the Texas BBQ Chicken: 9/10 for the chicken, and the sauce was surprisingly good!The Chocolate chip cookies were good too.Friendly service, affordable prices, and I hope to come back & try out their other meats! Definitely a BBQ joint to check out, but only if your in the area. Enjoy!!!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/13/2014,29,32,5,15,7>**Let me clear a few things up first**-I am a foodie, and really don't like buffets. I like quality -vs- quantity, which is the opposite of what most buffets are.  I go here to meet my parents here and there, and they are obsessed w/it-This is a 5/5 for a buffet, but please read my postOk, first off, it's clean.  It's crowded, and the bathrooms are very clean.  First thing you look forHigh turnover day after day, so food isn't sitting around.  They have numbers on the seating tickets that show you the # of people that have been there thus far that day.  We were there at 3:45 today, and they had already served 212 people.  At dinner time, it's 500 some +, and that's leaving at 8pm(open till 10pm).  So, they turn tables big timeThey have all the typical fried food, ice cream, chocolate fountain, fruit, pizza, etc.  Their salad section had micro greens that were super crisp and fresh.  Chilled shell on shrimp that were huge and really good.  Bottles of Sriracha sauce that were NOT reused with other cheaper hot sauce.  Octopus salad with chilis and onions that was REALLY good.  All the other typical stuff.Didn't try the dessert bar.  Looked yada yada"Chinese Food".  China is a big place, so i hate even saying the words because it makes one look like an idiot, but i'm using them here.  Their "Chinese Food" is what it is.  I don't think it was any better or any worse that the typical American twisted BS you get from any other place.  Fish.  They have salmon filets, other white fish filets, fried haddock, But......they have whole/head on Tilapia in this soy/garlic ginger sauce with chilis/onions/scallions/peas.  VERY good.  I just took a whole fish and ate it like a caveman.  Ate the cheeks which you can never get.  Tilapia alive at the local Asian store is what?  $4.15/lb.  Then you pay to get it cleaned.  Cook it at home.  The bones smell in the trash.  Clean up.  This option is way betterShrimp:  I said before the have shell on shrimp that are on ice, big and good.  They also have head on shrimp, fried with chilis that are also very good.  I love head on shrimp.  Shellfish:  I'm careful with raw shellfish that i don't see opened front of me.  I can't comment on the raw oysters, but they were going through them like crazy.  I had a cooked clam and a mussel that were both good.  They have Asian crabs.  They aren't Wye River Blue Crabs w/Old Bay in Pasadena, but they are actually decent in a pinch.  Today, they had some.  I got one and ate it.  If i wasn't from B'more, and never had "A Real Crab", i'd probably think it was REALLY goodMeat:  They had ribs, roast beef, and this BBQ chicken which was off the bone and actually very good.  Hibachi:  Great selection.  Steak, eggs, seafood, pork, all the normal veggies.  All fresh.  The guy went back and got me a handful of fresh sliced jalapenos when he made my stir fry.  Really good.Sushi:  Ok, here's the deal.  It sucks paying $15 for one roll, and it sucks paying $10 for all you can eat, but this was ok for the price.  There needs to be a sushi buffet that is like $35-$40/per, and will just give you better stuff.  I pay easily $40 myself when i get it.  Easily.  Anyway, they had probably 20 diff rotating maki here and the typical nigiri.  Salmon, eel, tuna, shrimp, flounder.  Rolls were lots of rice and small amounts of stuff, but were ok.  Not too many fried ones, which i hate.  The nigiri was super thin and short.  I saw many people getting like 4 salmon nigiri and just taking the salmon off for one loaded piece of nigiri.  The wasabi was weak, but most of that cheap powder crap is.All in all, for what they have, and DEF for the price, i have to hand it to them.  They do a great job.Even if you are super healthy, you could get steamed shrimp, fresh salad with octopus, skin off chicken, fresh veggie hibachi w/egg/chicken and some nigiri.  That variety would take forever at home, and cost you a hell of a lot more that $10-$12My guess is that they basically make no money on the food off most 18-68 yr old adults.  They make money off sodas, older people, off kids, and they turn covers.They have senior flyers in every paper, everyday, and on the internet.Oh yeah, the management staff are really nice.  They always remember my parents, sit them in the same seat, know what they drink, I give this a very confident 5/5 stars, just don't expect "Matsuri/Edo Mae" sushi or "The Black Olive" seafood, and you'll be fine.Enjoy
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,3/12/2014,73,124,7,8,7>OMGOSH CAN I HAVE 1 OF EACH PLEEAAASSSSEEEE!!!!!!!!! I came here on a cold winters morn (sounds like the opening to a great story, right) ordered there version of the classic ham and cheese. Wowzers it was so light and flaky in the crust , but rich and flavorful with the meat and cheese. Of course I eat it like it was about to run away. I ordered a latte and enjoyed my conversation. As I'm talking I survey the place. How cute and eclectic. lots of reclaimed pieces rich tones of gold and blues. it reminds me of an industrial building with exposed beams and concrete floor. I personally love the look. I can see I'm not alone, people seem to flock to this place to eat and chill, use the WiFi and relax in their family room away from home.  Bun Shop your pretty cool and your buns are tasty too. (Omgosh that was so cheesy) By the way before departing my now beloved Bun Shop I ordered the emapanadas (meat) and the vegetarian curry pastry to go. I later heated those babies up in my toaster oven and it was still delicious!  BRAVO BUN SHOP, BRAVO!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/11/2014,131,146,3,6,5>And we're back. Kiss the cooks! Those women are amazing!Chai Latte double shot: YESButternut Squash soup: OMG YESGluten Free Bread: WHAT! YESKale Salad: YES!!! And down right inspirationalcue the princess introduction music:Pastrami on rye: moment of silence. words fail this one. mmmm mmmm mmmmThis food made me forget how packed this place was. Note to owner, may be time to expand! People were sitting in my soup! :) I say all this with great joy. Maybe we all need to sit a little closer if food is going to satisfy this way! AND you know what the best part is??????  I'm eating healthy! No guilty after thoughts!  And I even had the nerve to have a danish (of sorts.....you'll see they are interestingly homemade).Now did I eat all this? Yes! By myself (for the record) No!! Ladies, we can yelp about so much ..... just bat those eyes and get some of that delicious food off your hubby's (or significant other's) plate!!! Yum! Thanks Changa! ;)
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,3/10/2014,24,31,2,13,6>OVERALL: Maybe I'm being overly generous with my rating, but I'm gonna do it anyways. This place is brand spankin' new so I'm sure a lot will change from where it's at now. I talked to the people who run this place and they're currently advertising by offering free coffee. (They have free Wi-Fi too!) They still plan on stocking up on wine and hope to offer that as one of their main gigs. They're still adjusting their hours and with more business will stay open later. Whatever the deal is going to be they have a fully stocked bar, good food, and nice portions!AMBIANCE & DECOR: (Look at the picture.) It was pretty empty when I got there, but the staff was very friendly. It's a brightly lit cafe/restaurant/bar and all I could hear was the low hum of the TV. What else can I say, their chairs were comfortable? SERVICE: Awesome.FOOD: The chef is Greek so we had to order the souvlaki! It was delicious and the perfect portion for two. The chicken was moist, the rice flavorful, and the salad fresh. We also tried their mussels. The broth was amazing and the bread was perfectly grilled. Their mussels are definitely in my top three from restaurants in Baltimore. The only disappointment was that they ran out of rice pudding brulee. We really wanted to try that. Next time I come back I'm definitely eating again, and hopefully will drink too!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/9/2014,25,142,2,16,3>The Benefit Brow Bar at Ulta definitely gets an A+. My eyebrows needed some serious attention and, since I had to stop in Ulta (well, I didn't have to, but that's not the point) I figured I would give the Brow Bar a shot!The set up is very pink, very bright, and modern! There are a few chairs to sit while you wait. You can call before to make an appointment, but there was only one person before me, so I didn't have to wait. I was initially a little put off by the price at 20 dollars for an eyebrow wax, but it's worth it.Jessica was very friendly and professional! First, she asked about my skin care routine to make sure waxing was okay. Then she filled in my brows and marked the spots on my face where my brows should arch. After that she waxed my brows and that was pretty much that! She showed me where to tweeze in between waxes, which was very helpful. You pay for the services at the register and can tip in cash or by credit card. I'll definitely return!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,3/8/2014,416,145,2,6,4>Extremely pleased with this experience! In my journey into a gluten, meat, and dairy free way of living, I refuse to think that I have to sell myself short when it comes to the pleasures of life I enjoy-like dining out. More and more places are beginning to offer vegetarian and vegan friendly menu ITEMS, but places like Golden West will shine in my book because they appeal to me as a Vegan/Vegetarian restaurant that offers carnivore friendly menu items. My friend and I both being Libras, naturally it takes at least 10-15 minutes each for us to decide on what to get. I think Golden West should take it as a compliment that it took that time frame, a drink order, plus a cup of soup to finally decide on what to get!The Vegan pumpkin curry soup was a sure palette pleaser although some may find it a bit too spicy. We both ordered the quesadillas (her the chicken, me the un-chicken). The cilantro pesto was a bit much so I scraped it off. With all the toppings and meat on the quesadilla, it was a bit dry but we just ordered some sour cream (which was $1 but you get a huge serving) and we were good to go!Service was great and I loved the bathroom decor (old album covers from every genre you could think of so you could reminisce as you tinkle). My only complaint/suggestion is that the menu didn't offer any vegan cheeses so vegans keep that in mind with regards to any tasty sounding dishes that have cheese in them.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/7/2014,240,594,3,8,6>There were seats open early on a Sunday night. The ambience is tiny and cute with a small sushi counter.It took 20 minutes for just one our appetizers to emerge. (And it was just edamame!) Majorly disappointing considering that there was only one other table there :( The quality of the food kept this yelper happy.  The garlic soy edamame was delicious and the spicy tuna salad was a unique offering...basic a Japanese salad with a scoop of spicy tuna on top. There appeared to be bits of tempura in the spicy tuna which gave it an extra kick. The sushi rolls were very good. The baked lobster roll was unique and delicious! I have no idea what sauce they used on that lobster but it was a sweet and salty delight. The rainbow roll is the classic roll I use to gauge most sushi restaurants and it was very good. I loved how the California roll was not made with a crab stick, but a mix of crab meat, so far the only place in Baltimore that I have seen do this. Overall, the apps and sushi were delicious but the slow service was disappointing. The server was later attentive, I think in an attempt to make up for the major lag we had before any food arrived. Given the quality of the fish, I'll consider returning but honestly Matsuri down the street has more tables with equally high quality of fish (and consistently good service) so I might go there instead.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/6/2014,145,325,5,17,7>Petit Louis has been a well-known restaurant in Baltimore for quite some time now.  It seems almost overdue that the Foreman-Wolf group (which owns and operates Petit Louis, among other restaurants) should open up a restaurant in Howard County, an area that loves to dine out.  But they've finally made the foray into the area with their second Petit Louis location, located off the Columbia waterfront where the Red Pearl restaurant used to be.I was fortunate enough to have been invited by some friends who work in the Foreman-Wolf group to go the soft opening lunch this past Sunday.  Wow.  The new Petit Louis is absolutely stunning.  While the original Roland Park location has a very cozy, homey feel, Columbia's takes those same design and color schemes and elevates them into a grand affair.  It's far more spacious and open and feels as if you are dining in a lavish French mansion.  Having dined at this location when it was the Red Pearl, it's amazing to see what they've done to this place.  The architects definitely earned their paycheck!There's a beautiful bar to the left of the restaurant.  The bar top is made of white marble and stocked with a large assortment of liquors.  The bar staff there were very professional, yet also very personable and friendly.  We opted for some mimosas which were great.  After finishing our drinks, we were seated in one of the many dining rooms.  Even though this was a soft opening, the wait staff here did a great job.  While Howard County has many fancy restaurants, I've almost always found the service to be a little lacking compared to Baltimore's offerings simply because the servers in Howard County are often high school and college students who don't have the training or experience to know how a fine dining restaurant should operate.  Even though service wasn't absolutely perfect (it is a soft opening after all), the level of professionalism amongst the wait staff already far exceeded my past experiences of fine dining in Howard County.  Our server Ian did a great job explaining the specials, giving recommendations when asked, and checking in on us every once in a while to see how we were doing without being overbearing.Of course, the restaurant's good looks and impeccable staff would all be for naught if the food wasn't good.  But again, Petit Louis delivers.  Our food all arrived in a timely manner and everybody at our table of four received their dishes at the same time.  We each ordered an appetizer and entree and shared bits with each other.  While all the dishes are good, there were a few standouts.  Our table unanimously agreed that of all the appetizers, the salmon gravlax was the best.  The salmon had a wonderful smoky taste to it that complemented the capers and creme fraiche extremely well.  The toasted bread contrasted perfectly with the more softer textures of the salmon and creme fraiche.  I without a doubt would order this again.   The moules au safran (sauteed mussels, saffron, pernod, fennel) were great too.  The sauce looked very rich and buttery... but do yourself a favor and take some bread and dip it into the sauce.  You will not be disappointed.Foreman-Wolf restaurants consistently have great duck dishes and their take on the classic French dish, canard [duck] à l'orange, was no exception.  The magret beast, served medium rare, was perfectly cooked.  It was plated with beets and blood oranges.   Likewise, the confit de canard was also a very solid duck dish.  The duck confit was extremely tender and melted in your mouth.Overall, the dining experience was great.  Because it was a soft opening (designed to iron out any kinks) and because our party had both servers and cooks of the Foreman-Wolf group, our table was a little nit-picky in trying to find faults with the service.  But in the end, all of us came away satisfied with the meal and service.  I'm excited for such a place to be opening in Columbia.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/5/2014,212,76,6,9,6>So i gave this place 4 stars rather than 5 because that's how I roll! Well really I gave them 4 because there were areas that could improve.Overall I had a GREAT experience here. My wife gifted me a $200 gift certificate last year for Valentine's Day, so i thought I'd use it for my birthday before it expired. I went with the $205 spa package. That package came with a facial, pedicure, manicure, and deep tissue massage.First things first, when you walk in you are greeted by gorgeous White Nubian queens. Not only that but they offer you a beer  (or whatever type of beverage you prefer). So i check in for my appointment and i am directed to go upstairs to the lounge. There's a pool table, TVs, a small space to practice your putting, etc... After a brief wait and filling out a form my adventure begins.First stop is with Ariel to get a facial. I have never experienced a facial but let me tell you guys what! That was a wonderful experience, so much that I am going to have to make it a monthly experience. I fell in love with that lady... i mean service about 8 times in that hour or so. She did wonders for my skin. I left that room feeling like a bacon and egg sandwich (That means good). After that I went to get an "Executive" manicure and pedicure. The lady that performed those services was very nice and friendly, talkative, in a good way. However i just didn't see what was so executive like with the service. I get pedicures and manicures (Mostly pedicures) often from different types of places so I wasn't too impressed over the rest. Next stop was with Amy to get my full body massage. Do i really need to explain this? I mean its a full body massage, it's pretty hard to mess that up. I felt a lot of tension released. The only con to this place is the parking. You can't fault them for that. Pay close attention to the websites notes about parking. They do validate some parking garages so make sure you go to those. I ended up paying $24 in parking when I get done because I didn't pay attention.All in all I'd say this is a place every man should go to at least once if afforded the opportunity. I had a great experience, it was a wonderful way to spend my 28th birthday.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2013,3/4/2014,43,146,1,8,4>In the bottom floor of an elderly person apartment complex, this studio has more to offer than what first meets the eye. The girls there are very friendly and chatty and usually run pretty close to on time. I went to this studio way back when it was originally in the same building as the Towosn University Bill Batemen's - that goes back more than 10 years....I digress; they are more accustomed to doing older do's now, but that doesn't mean they are not still good with 20/30 something cuts.  They also do a great (and gentle) pedicure as well as a liprip.  Jeannette is the one I went to for years and my mom has been using her for probably 5 years upon my initial recommendation. When you go, you'll need to get a hang tag for your car so the parking lot attendant doesn't call to get your car towed/ticketed.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,3/3/2014,134,129,3,15,7>Empire Beauty School is the best way to get your hair done on a budget! The stylists are senior students who are on their way to  graduate! The students are supervised by a Professional Stylist. The students are able to do any hair style from wash and shampoos to weave in styles. They offer appts in the day time just give them a call. After 5 pm its walk in. Which is convient but you gotta get there fast because there are a lot of women waiting to get in.  My stylist was friendy and proffessional. She let me know that they offer nail services and Facials! I was happy with my hair and it only cost $15 I believe this place is a win win because you can help students get experience and get your hair done for for a low price!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/2/2014,49,161,1,8,4>Ended up here after receiving little service at another place. We entered hangry, and left satiated.Atmosphere: cozy, quaint , and rusticService: friendly, funny, and prompt. Food: freakin' amazing!Here's what we ordered and how we liked it: Meat Lovers Strata- steaming hot layered casserole of brioche, eggs and all the meats. Very hearty meal in a small package. Pulled Pork Eggs Benedict- 2 English muffins topped with perfectly poached eggs, sweet BBQ pull pork and house-made hollandaise. Served with crispy home fries. Surprisingly light. French Toast- real French toast...not previously frozen. Sweet and buttery. Breakfast Mac- bow tie pasta in a velvety cheese sauce topped with scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage. Made me lose my mind. You'd think that all this stuff would ruin the integrity of mac n cheese if mac n cheese were the kind of thing that could ever have integrity. And, to top it off $3.50 mimosas and Screwdrivers served in 16-ounce glasses.  As far as I am concerned, that other place did us a HUGE favor.  Thanks, Alexander's Tavern, for saving my Sunday.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/1/2014,80,198,13,15,6>Our house... in the middle of the street... Our house... oh oops sorry can't stop singing about Our House!The people at Our House take their name literally. Our House is located in Locust Point... a great up and coming neighborhood, that now has 2-3 three of my favorite places! On your way to Our House, you are in  the middle of a residential area and you can easily pass by Our House and not even know it! Once you find Our House, you step and open the door and you are immediately transferred to an warm, inviting, homely feel, with all the sights, sounds and smells that hit you once you enter! It literally sucks you in and you almost shout out "Mom" thinking your mom is back their cooking your favorite meal. Once inside and seated, you quickly become aware that Our House is not your typical restaurant with all the pomp and show... Our House gives you great food, but offers you a different take on the typical dining exp. Our House does a couple things differently, 1. The drinks are on the honor system, they have wine and a beer fridge where you can pick and choose what you want and all you do is write down what you had and hand it to the waitress(who in our case was part owner). They also let YOU pour your OWN glass of wine!! It's unreal, you can pour a little or pour a lot... but it is up too! Love that they go on the honor system its really affirms humanities' good will to see that people actually follow this. So big props for actually implementing and sticking with the honor system. Ok ok enough... on to the food. We had a table of 4, so we ordered a full spectrum of items. Pretzel, house salad, 3 pizzas and an Éclair were all ordered... all were dynamite!! The pretzel is served with in-house made mustard, which is nice and spicy but cut by the semi-sweet nature of the pretzel, really good and a must have. Second up, the house salad, it was a standard salad the difference was the in house made dressing, nice, rich, semi-creamy and really smooth. It added a nice touch of flavor to a standard salad. On to the main course, the pizza's, we came here to try the pizzas so I can't comment on their breakfast or pastas... Their pizzas are basically a miniature Chicago style deep dish pizza. They come in two sizes, 7 or 10", the 10" is good for two people, but we were hungry so we ordered 3 total pizzas. Each was great, with a nice crispy crust that gave you a nice platform to hold as you munched on cheese, toppings and sauce! A great combo and a great change up to the normal NY style pizza that you normally find. Alright, we finished our pizzas and almost couldn't stuff anything more in our bellies... almost. We ordered an Éclair to finish off the night... it was awesome!! Haven't had a good Éclair in a long time, but this was very tasty, gooey but yet the outside held up well against the filling and chocolate glaze!! The whole party loved the Éclair!The remaining things to talk about are service and price. The service was great, everything was explained and any questions we had were answered nicely, so the service was top notch! Lastly, the price, the price is a little high, approx.. $12-$14 a pizza, but the portions, service and taste make it very worthwhile!! So overall, Our House is a hit! From start to finish the whole experience is like you are going home and your mother is back there cooking up a storm... but my Mom never made pizza this good!! We will def. be back for another try, maybe we can get past the pizzas... maybe.. So make sure you clean your plate otherwise Mom is gonna be mad!!Cheers!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,2/28/2014,98,33,11,11,10>I love places like this.  It's what gives Dundalk character.  I have never been to another steak house quite like it.  Michael's is probably best know for their nightly specials.  7 nights a week they offer an entree of gigantic proportions.  My last visit was on Big Ass Steak Night.  After a small salad to warm me up ... my waiter sat a 40 ounce prime rib in front of me that literally couldn't fit on my plate.  I'm not sure if I'm proud or embarrassed to tell you that I ate the entire brick of meat.  Not only did I eat it all ... I made it my bitch.   The downside is that I had to Al Bundy it and unhooked my pants at the table.  It was 100% necessary for numerous comfort and safety reasons.All in all ... I recommend any one that loves steak or seafood to give this Dundalk landmark a chance.  If the food doesn't win you over, the breathtaking decor might.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/26/2014,115,78,2,9,6>Out in the middle of nowhere, but well worth the trip...  (Savage Mill Location)Locally brewed beers on tap, great pub style food with generous portions, live music Friday & Saturday nights along with a live Jazz brunch every Sunday. Inside it feels like a very olde world pub with all the dark wood and there are tons of booths for a little added privacy. Step outside and you're greeted with a magnificent elevated outdoor deck in the tree canopy that's about 100 ft above the forest floor with views of the nearby babbling  brook and original mill ruins.This place is great for date night dinners, happy hour groups, casual or business lunches, and Sunday brunches. This one of those few places where I can't think of a single thing they could improve.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,2/25/2014,74,176,5,9,7>My honey brought me here for Saturday lunch date. Well we all know I love me a great slice of heaven. And in my would only 2 things could be slices of heaven. Cake or Pizza!!! Lets get started..  its in a great location unless you are driving there at lunchtime or friday/saturday night. Parking could be a hassle. But whatever. The best part is the you can pic your sauce and the cheese.  I think that's great because not everyone like the same type of base for the sauce and cheese. For example I think the sauce should be very thin layer and mild with a bit of sweet  with oooey gooey cheese. My coworker likes sauce with more flavor and prefers more creamy cheese. You can do by the slice for cheese and pepperoni only here.  I got the tomato and basil .. which was super yummy. I am bit of a simplest when it comes to pizza. I don't like fancy schmancy pizza. I stick to the basics.   But they do have lots of "gourmet " pizzas. The crust is thin and crispy but still had that required softeness towards the middle of the slice. Yum yum yummy :-) My honey got a sandwich - Turkey and bacon. it must have been fantastic because he finished the entire thing and was very quiet while doing so. Also our food came out in a decent amount of time. There were others in the restaurant and their food was coming out in about the same time. They also had a pretty decent choice of beers and wines. They get 4 stars not 5 because:I hate those horrible cups they gave us for water. We chose water because they have sucky fountain drinks and then unsweet tea. And also the staff could have been a little more happy to greet the customers, not just us. But everyone that came in while was there. The guy behind the register was just ... meh . There wasnt a smile or "hi, how are you" Or "have a great day" or " have you guys been here before"  Just what would you like?
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2014,2/24/2014,133,540,1,13,6>I mentioned shilla bakery to an older couple who live in Ellicott City and they commented that is "old news".  There is a new place that opened called Bean & Burgundy Bread.  Things that make you go hmm.  The place is massive!!! They spared no expense on decor.  Part bakery, coffee shop, restaurant and bar.  You know how they say you can't be all things to all people.....that may apply here.  Coffee was so so, but the pastries were good.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,2/23/2014,46,243,1,8,6>I ordered a bunch of Pizzas for pick-up, for the Superbowl. I can safely say that the Pizza was the most enjoyable part, than watching that snooze fest of a game. I ordered the Primo, Pepe, Naked, and Hosoi.. each was very good. Yeah i had a superbowl gathering i cant definitely eat it all. It was solid all around, will try it again.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,2/22/2014,51,89,,8,3>Free wifi.  Password was 0123456789 when I was in there last weekend.We have a lab mix (mixed most likely with pit bull) who we love very much.  He's 4 years old but ever since adopting him from a rescue when he was just a wee little pup, he has had an attraction to vets, ugh.  I mean, we are visiting the vet way too often!!  He has come with an array of issues, mainly allergy related, so we have a lot of experience with different veterinarian hospitals.  My husband typically brings our dog here but I have been here 3 times myself now.  It is true, the wait can take forever, especially if it's an emergency visit.  But I really am comforted as soon as the doctor walks into our room.  Our last visit was an emergency visit this past Saturday evening.  When it comes to emergency visits, they treat what they deem most severe first.  We were there for a diarrhea bout lasting 4 days now sooooo our wait was about 1 1/2 hours.  Dr. Barker (female doc) was the only doctor in that evening.  And man, was she amazing!  She is really engaging, to the point, & quick!  The meds she prescribed did the trick because our dog was feeling better by the following morning.  Also, just make sure to be informed - price wise - what it's going to cost:  If the doctor asks "Is it okay if we run this test or give him this injection?"  They are really asking "Are you willing to pay to have this test ran or this med given?".   So, if you have a budget in mind, make sure to ask "how much".  We also utilize their pet store next door about once a month because they carry the ridiculously expensive dog food our dog seems to not be allergic to.  The ladies running the store are always very sweet & constantly offering to help.  They also offer doggie day care/kennel services.  Have never used them but they seem worth checking out.Another little tidbit:  If your pet is highly allergic to a lot of food products, please do not let the vet tech (dude or gal that checks out your pet before the doc enters) give them a treat.  We had a vet tech toss a treat to our dog without asking me if it was okay.  I quickly asked "oh, is that okay to give him?  He's allergic to everything"... he answered with "Oh I know, I read his chart but this is hypoallergenic so he can have it.  I wouldn't give him something he shouldn't have."  And walked out.  BUT my dog is the type of dog that IS allergic to even food products that say hypoallergenic.  Once the doctor walked into the room, I casually asked if it's okay to give my dog one of those treats & he quickly and adamantly said "No, you should avoid that at all costs".  Great, wish the techs were as informed.  Why would my dog or dogs with his kind of allergies still have a reaction to something that clearly states "hypoallergenic"?  Well, as the doc explained, those products have a broken down protein that most pets with allergies can tolerate but some pets, like mine, that have a more severe sensitivity, cannot even tolerate that broken down protein.  So, just be careful.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/21/2014,12,25,4,12,10>Red Emma's move to their new location on the corner of Maryland and North Ave will be looked back on as a key piece in the transformation of this historic North Ave section and the up and coming Station North district. Not only has the co-op quadrupled their space from the old location, but it also looks like they've spared no expense in articulating a cohesive vision, with plenty of room to grow. As soon as you walk in, you know what the priorities of the space are. It's a fully realized bookstore/cafe/restaurant in the vein of the successful Busboys and Poets franchise in D.C. Except, you can also feel that this is a business that's ready to be a central meeting place for social change in Baltimore. That hipster, lefty, anarchist feel may have been too much in the cramped Mount Vernon location but with room to breathe, you could just as easily relax by the window with a bagel, a cup of coffee and your laptop as much as engage in heated debate on any number of topics. Emma's bookstore has expanded giving more space for each book to crave out its own experience and the kitchen space allows the cooks to finally put their elbows into the work. The co-op is at unique place, it has an opportunity to really become a fixture in the community but it needs to manage all the issues that come with being in a larger space with great demand. But from me and wife's initial impressions, a strong bar has been set and we both hope for great and important things to come.The place is opened six days a week (not Monday's), well into the evening so there are plenty of opportunities to check it out. The menu is proudly vegan and vegetarian with more options coming down the pipe and they're roasting their own coffee as well. Good start indeed.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/20/2014,102,155,4,9,6>I'm surprised no one has rated this place yet!I love CulinArt Cafe at the Southern Management Campus Center on the UMB campus. It's one place to go to get healthy, reasonably priced food close to my workplace. The menu changes day to day, so you're always getting something fresh and yummy. This is the best college campus cafeteria ever!Best deals, among many:-Soups for only $2.50-Build your own salad for $5.95 and if you want, add meats for $6.50. They fill up the whole plastic container with choice of mixed greens, romain, or spinach, and I've been able to split my salad across lunch for 3 days for the amount you get. It's the best deal there, imo.-Hot entrees are $6.50ish and come with a veggie on the side, usually quite ample and there's always a protein, starch, and vegetables. If they run out, they cook you some on the spot.-Large strombolis/hot pocket things in the pizza area-Made to order burgers and sandwichesDownstairs, there's a mini express CulinArt Cafe that's also a Starbucks, and they serve sushi-to-go as well as sandwiches, salads, pudding, hummus snack packs. If you hold an event there, CulinArt requires you to use their catering, but they have always done a good job. The whole place is getting nicer, a new bookstore recently opened, and it just feels really cozy and NICE there right now. I wish they open for dinner so I can go anytime. The cooks and staff are really friendly.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/19/2014,33,21,2,5,5>This place took me by surprise.  I live in Canton, and with our stalwart restaurants (overrated as some of them are) in place, you hear if new spots are "good" or "bad" fairly soon after opening.  I knew this place existed, but had heard nothing about it.  After several months, I tried it out.I will say it was a little confusing coming in.  We didn't realize this was an "order then sit" type of restaurant.  They did have an "order this way" sign with an arrow, but directly under the arrow were big catering signs and menus.  I thought that indicated only catering orders order towards the arrow.  Remove the sign, easily rectified problem.The food tasted fresh.  The chicken cobb sammy I got was on thick grain bread that was toasted and buttery (hey, it's a "southern" restaurant) with juicy chicken breasts and crisp bacon.  Not skimpy on the avocado.  Every element of the sammy was on point...not thrown together.The interior was cute and homey...the TV's were fine because it was Sunday and they had sports center on.  Not sure if they would but the TV's on at any other time... A Panera-style restaurant with TVs, kinda strange.In any case, I'll be back.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,2/18/2014,69,158,2,11,4>I always used to be a nail salon wanderer... You know, if I happened to be driving by some random nail salon and I looked down and saw my nails looked like garbage, I'd stop by and have them done.  No loyalty to one salon or manicurist.Times have changed.  Thanks to Chin at Athena Nails, I now have a nail salon to call home.I've been going here continuously since this spot opened near the corner of Boston and Aliceanna about a year ago, and everything about it is an experience, not just an in-and-out service.  The interior itself is relaxing, painted purple (of course, perfect for Bmore) and there are plenty of TVs hanging on the walls.  Each nail technician will make you feel absolutely comfortable, bringing you something to drink and making nice conversation (no side convos with other employees in foreign languages).  The pedicure chairs are comfortable and have an array of massage features, as well as a side table to hold your purse and drink.Color selection of nail polish is outstanding.  They stock OPI, Essie, some China Glaze, and a few other brands, as well as a ton of gel polish.  If you get a regular OPI polish on your toes, they can color match it with a gel for your fingernails.  In addition to manicures and pedicures, they also offer waxing, false eyelash application, massages, and facials.Sounds too good to be true?  It's not... but you better make an appointment well in advance of the day you want to visit, because it gets CROWDED.  (Word has caught on that this place is great!)I have to give a special shoutout to Chin.  It is because of him that my toes and gel manicured fingers look great for 2+ weeks.  No chipping, cracking, fading, or peeling.  Just beautiful, well shaped nails.  Thanks for giving me a relaxing experience to look forward to every few weeks! :)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/13/2014,25,29,8,8,5>Have you ever seen those movies where a guy looks at a girl and and he's so smitten that he's completely oblivious to the descent of angels, and fragrant petals and gossamer float blithely on a salubrious breeze? The Bone-In Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin with Shallot Butter is the culinary equivalent of *that*. The End.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,2/12/2014,175,115,1,10,5>Hush...Can you keep a secret? ....Monday night steak night....high end Steak (filet, New York, flat iron)....or fish....or chicken+Add two sauces+Add two sides....only $16Now you know.(Bonus tip, the lamp chop medallion appetizer is the best I've had, a bit pricey for 3 sticks, but U have to try it at least once)
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,2/11/2014,266,311,4,7,6>How in the world did I not know about this place?I feel as though I have been left out of the cool kids club!  Located on N. Charles Street, I didn't really notice any signage for the store, but there is a large shop window.  Next to a Subway, go into the door with the I believe brown awning, up the stairs and the entrance is the first door on the right. Now, the clothes and accessories are amazing!  I picked up three fabulous pieces that I can't wait to wear!  The great thing about it is I know that I won't see anyone else in them.  You have to move quickly, as the items are one of a kind and move fast! Cusheer, the shop owner is great, and will really help you put things together, she has awesome taste.  If you follow her on IG and fb she post items, and she will send you and invoice (gasp) and you can pick up the items later!  Do it, because the pieces don't last long.  I have only been once, I am already thinking of going back Saturday.  I think I'm going to have watch myself in here.....
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,2/10/2014,76,88,4,5,3>I'm planning on updating this with more details later, but after my first visit I was fairly pleased with Shuckers.The dining room was spacious and clean. Everything looked new (probably because it was renovated after its former life as a strip-club. Shhhh). They had a couple of good beers on tap with decent prices. The service was between neutral and friendly. Their happy hour menu is pretty impressive. 50% off appetizers during happy hour which, I think, ends at 7. I had their crab dip in a bread bowl and the mini crab cakes. The bread bowl is a great idea. Unfortunately I found their crab dip to be too rich for my taste. It's not that it was bad, it was just pretty thick. I imagine that they simply mixed spices, cream cheese, and crab together to make it. If you're going for the dip in a bread bowl, I'd recommend having at least 3 people with you because I assure you it will feed at least that many. The mini crab cakes, though, were awesome. Flavorful and hot. I will certainly be ordering them again. The rest of the menu looked like a pretty standard spread of sandwiches and seafood. That's not to say nothing looked interesting. I'll give some other items a shot and report back in.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,2/9/2014,38,182,1,9,4>I've been following Kupcakes & Co. since they opened their doors... In the beginning they were offering around a dozen different cakes... they've since expanded their selection to about 20-25 different offerings a day. From flavors like Ginger Pear and Ruby (strawberry cake) to Snickerdoodle, Apple Pie and Black Cherry... I love the fact that this place offers unique cakes that you just can't find everywhere else. This is the most exciting aspect of the business. The interior is perfect in every way. Its immaculate, clean, feminine, modern, and convenient. No clutter... no excessive distractions from the cupcakes... just cupcakes!  Plus, they opened up a new room where you can take a cupcake decorating class, have a bridal shower or use for a party of any kind. It's a great addition. We came here today to inquire about a wedding cake. The girl with spoke with (Faith) went above and beyond to make our experience as enjoyable as possible. She spent 2 hrs with us!! She also let us sample 6 different cupcakes, showed us a portfolio of work, brought out displays and just did everything she could to accommodate us. Let's put it this way, if we didn't end up getting our wedding cake/cupcake tower from Kupcakes & Co. I would just feel awful. The folks here are so professional and courteous that you want to give them business any chance you get. I'm not a cupcake professional but I think the cakes here are amongst the best. My suggestion is to go earlier in the day because I've found that by day's end, the case can clear out fast. oh and they had free coffee today, which was obviously a huge plus. My suggestions: Ruby, Snickerdoodle, Ginger Pear, Cookie Dough, and Elvis
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2013,2/8/2014,76,346,3,7,6>Been now for both lunch and brunch; it certainly hasn't been discovered yet for brunch.  We were one of three seated tables at about 12:00 on Sunday.The key word for brunch is not "bottomless" or even "mimosa", but "tequila".  As in, "the bottomless mimosas have tequila in them".  Hooray for agave!The food is excellent -- their chorizo and egg burrito is huge and tasty.  Many of the dishes have quite a kick to go with the eggs; and all will fill you up for the afternoon nicely.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,2/7/2014,119,447,,6,4>The Ice Rink is open again!!!  9 am to 9 pm!!  It's nothing phenomenal but it's a great experience and they sell hot cocoa just outside the rink so you can get some while you are there taking a break.  The rest of the park I am also a fan of.  They have a dog area which is fun to watch.  The paths through the woods are good.  There are a lot of events here when the weather is better.  You can rent the inside locations and it's lovely for a quaint outdoor wedding in the summer.  The pavilion snacks are limited (better off bringing a snack with you).
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/6/2014,95,120,,6,4>Run do not walk to Dooby's. I am still kicking myself for not stopping here much sooner. The food is absolutely delicious. I came for lunch last Thursday and was blown away by the delicious and I mean delicious Korean BBQ Cheese steak. When I say this sandwich was money, it's just that darn good. From the bread that was baked to perfection in house mind you, crunchy on top and soft in the middle. So you have that crunch factor going on with every savory bite, then the sweet from the BBQ and the nice amount of heat from the kimchi. You are in absolute heaven. I also had the pleasure of trying the fruity pebble cookie which was absolutely the best cookie I have ever tasted, it was on the lines of a butter crunch cookie with fruity pebbles and marshmallows. Just decadent. Also if you just want to stop in for a cup of coffee, not only does the staff provide you with regular coffee that is on tap, but every week they feature a coffee from a different country. Last week I had the pleasure of trying a delicious medium bodied coffee from Rwanda that was the best coffee that I ever had. Also you are able to purchase the bags in house and have them grinded as well just an FYI. Oh and they also do catering, so if you have an office event or just want to have lunch delivered, Please, please support Dooby's you will not be disappointed.Dooby's also has happy hour and dinner as well, Happy hour is from 4 to 7 with $1 dollar off their crafted cocktails. And for you beer aficionados they supply Union Craft Brewery on tap which is very nice to know. I haven't had the liberty of partaking in happy hour here as of yet, but they are on my list. Phil and his staff are just the most friendliest and helpful people one the face of the planet, and once you become a regular they know you by name which is always a selling point for me. It makes you feel welcome whenever you step through the glass doors. Will I return, but of course I will, I cannot walk by here without peeking my head in to grab a cup of coffee or just to grab a bite to eat.  Dooby's is a wonderful addition to the Mount Vernon neighborhood.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/5/2014,7,138,,5,5>We stopped here for a beer last night.  I've walked past Jerry D's a bunch of times and finally stopped in.  The place is a lot larger than it looks on the outside.  It has really high ceilings, and it was bright and clean inside.  The bar is pretty long.  The Miller Lite was as good as it is anywhere else.  The prices are very reasonable - a draft beer was a little over $2.  Our bartender was very friendly and didn't bother us too much.  It's definitely a good place to hang out, talk, and relax.  It wasn't rowdy at all.  It reminds me of a friendly neighborhood bar.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,2/4/2014,8,17,,11,5>I LOVE Thai food, and this is one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to.  The atmosphere is really nice and the food tastes really fresh.  Another plus is that the menu actually has some really healthy options, which is unusual for Thai, including the lettuce wraps and the option to get brown rice instead of white (a must, in my opinion).  I've been there a couple times now and plan on many more visits.  So far I've eaten the lettuce wraps, which were amazing...super simple and fresh, with 3 different dipping sauces on the side.  I loved that they came with boiled noodles instead of fried since I prefer to eat healthy.  I've also tried a couple of the curries, including the red (with shrimp and chicken) and roasted duck in curry special that they had one night.  I don't even really like duck, but this curry was fantastic...a little oily, but that's to be expected with duck.  I can't wait to come back to try the drunken noodles, my all-time favorite Thai dish!   My only criticism is that the service could be a little quicker.  We had a couple of different people helping us and waited about 15 minutes for our check on a pretty slow night.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/3/2014,121,53,9,11,6>OH MY BELLY HEAVEN, FOODGASM! This place is pretty phenomenal, seriously!I RAVE about this place to everyone! It's pretty much Olive Garden prices but with even better, non-chain food!Let's just start by the neighborhood, Little Italy.  Not only is it such a cute, quaint little area in Baltimore, called Little Italy.  It is literally a block or two full of Italian yumminess-from gelatos, to carb-filled pastas.  There is a classy, yet casual chic vibe to this whole neighborhood. You feel like you're pretty much in Italy with all the smells of all the different restaurants. Now to this heaven of a restaurant.  I am not even exaggerating when I say this place is amazing! The wait usually isn't too much more than 15-25 minutes, but to be safe, I would recommend thought to make a reservation to bypass the wait altogether sine you never know when this place will be super busy, which it is most of the days(even on weekdays; that should say a lot about this place!) Also, their bottle of wines prices along with their food prices are really great compared to other restaurants with this quality.  You can get a great bottle of wine for about $25 with entrees for about $8-12.And onto the FOOOOOD! I am a huge foodie.  We started with their garlic cheesy bread. I know it must be so caloric but it tastes oh soooo gooood! Salads are pretty great as well.  I had their Penne La Rosa....FOODPORN! haha, but seriously.  Every meal I have tried and every little bit nibbled off my friends' plates have been just as extraordinary.  They do substitutions, which is amazing for vegetarians like myself.  I can't seem to stop eating the Penne La Rosa, but I know everything else is just as great!They give ample amounts, and I usually end up taking half home, perfectly stuffed and satisfied.  Perfect for families, friends, and date nights! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/2/2014,33,125,3,4,3>I'm so happy to see that the other reviews are just as glowing as mine is about to be. Fair warning: gushing may be involved.I did not contact Baltimore Cakery first for my mom's 60th birthday cake. Some of the other bakeries I talked to or tried to talk to first weren't returning my calls. Winners. One, however, had no room in their schedule to accommodate the birthday cake but they did recommend that I talk to the Cakery. BC not only worked with a more limited amount of time than I'm sure either of us liked, but also took my idea for cake flavor, filling, and general pastry composition and went, "Oh yeah, we can totally do that." They delivered (with a fee, but it wasn't crazy) ridiculously punctually, and it was gorgeous. As for pricing, their per serving quote was on par or better than the other places I looked. Not sure about sculpted cakes, though.I say was because we ate all of it with the exception of a wedge that will make for my mom's day-after-birthday cake. Now, I might be a cake genius. 'Cause chocolate/coconut cake with ganache and chocolate buttercream? Dayum. All me. That's right. I'm really proud of the combination. The moistness and texture of the chocolate cake with the coconut, and the decadence of the buttercream and ganache weren't me. It was a little like a truffle made into cake. It was not overly sweet or too dense to eat, either. We demolished the thing, and there were clean plates all around the party.I've had quite a few tastes of wedding cake in recent years - that's what people DO in their twenties for fun, right? get married? - and not all of it is as delicious as it is pretty. Cakery made pretty cake that was even better tasting than it looked. Check out the picture! The gold bow and Swiss dots!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/1/2014,19,157,3,5,3>After hearing a lot of buzz about the place, I went there with three friends on a Tuesday night, arriving just after 5:30PM so as to beat the notorious crowds that throng the place. Was a little leery, considering the wide range of ratings Biroteca gets here on Yelp. We sat at the bar and had a good rapport with the friendly bartender, who clearly knew his beer. On one occasion I saw another barkeep take a taste of a small sample of a beer he must not have tried yet. He first took a sniff of it, then took a proper taste. Good signs of staff with craft beer savvy (and why is it that two "v's" in a row look like a "w" when typed... that word was s-a-v-v-y!).The four of us took good advantage of the excellent happy hour special on Evo beers, with me thrilled that the deal featured a quality brewer. You less discerning types/non-beer snobs can have your $1 Natty Boh specials! I'll take a deeply discounted Evo Lot 3 any day of the week! We ordered two appetizers - the calamari and the spicy fried chick peas - to start. Both were great, though I'm taking their word on the calamari since I think squid are far too cute to eat! We then split two pizzas-- the wild mushroom and the creation that I guess I'd describe as bacon and egg pizza! Both were outstanding, with the latter being my favorite of the two. The crust is killer good, and almost like eating a good, toasty sourdough roll.As the night wore on the crowd certainly grew, but not to the point where the noise level was anywhere near as deafening as some folks have reported. The bar ceiling does appear fairly low, however, so it's easy to comprehend how it could get loud on a very busy night and with a few "happier than most" vociferous patrons around! The cost level was reasonable for the product, though the numerous discount beers during happy hour undoubtedly helped keep our bill down.Summary: Strong beer selection, all food was great, barkeeps were knowledgeable and friendly, quality happy hour special, and price was reasonable. A rare 5 starts from me!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/31/2014,90,149,3,4,2>Finally a good Chinese takeout joint. I simply ordered a Kung Pao Shrimp, Veggie Lo Mein, and eggrolls to go. So nice to get some Kung in the Pao....this place is not afraid of spice, like many of the others trying to conform to us Americans. We want spice people!! At least I do! The portions were triple, so you could simply order one dish and feed two people. I was very pleased with the price and portion size. This place tops Hunan (in Dorsey) by far!!! I am super happy to locate good takeout!Now.subtracting a star simply due to the dining area..being blah...plain..nothing fancy. I doubt you would want to dine in, so plan on carrying out, drinking your beer/wine at home, and kick back with some chopsticks!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,1/30/2014,747,595,,12,5>Compared to many of the Main Street bars, Judge's Bench is a notch above the rest.On tap is roughly 18+ rotating taps which are generally seasonal brews and a handful of ciders on tap as well.Our bartender was a little preoccupied in a long conversation when we sat, resulting in a 10 minute wait before we had service, but he was very friendly and took care of us quickly when he noticed us waiting. The location has live music frequently that generally consists of an acoustic / rock top hits from decades past, among some original tracks. Sound quality is good and not too overwhelming that a conversation is impacted. Overall the location is nice, friendly, fast and the best location in downtown Ellicott City for an ale - 4 stars.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,1/29/2014,183,700,4,8,6>Wow... Sotto Sopra exceeded any expectations I've had for it.I came here for restaurant week, which was an extremely good deal. But it was so good that I think I'm going to come back even when the event is over. It'll be a lot pricier, but I have a good feeling that it'll be completely worth it.Highlight #1. Service was impeccable. Friendly and attentive. Constantly refilling drinks and asking how we're doing. Best yet, making awesome recommendations. I think that was the key to our fantastic experience at Sotto Sopra. Appetizers: Fried polenta and scallops ceviche -- both absolutely delicious.Entrees: Veal cutlet -- fantastic. Braised pork shank -- surprise of the menu; add $10 and it'll be yours. You'll eat it and you'll dream about it later that night.Dessert: Tiramisu -- decent. Pot du creme -- mouth orgasm.Drinks: There's a pretty decent list of wines and champagne.There's $5 valet parking available, but there's street parking and the Purple Line also stops nearby. Sotto Sopra is a fancy place, so dress appropriately. The space is decently sized. And the food will blow your mind.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,1/28/2014,141,120,3,5,3>This is a place you go when you want solid good food with no questions.  You cant go wrong with any item.... I love the omelets with the bacon home-fries with toasted wheat bread.  I'm not sure what brand of wheat bread they use but it has me hooked.  The omelet any way you want is to die for..I order spinach. green peppers, and onion with pepper jack cheese.  This last  visit was with  good friend/ family member, it was their first visit and they were impressed with great taste of their ribs and the huge portions.  Dd someone say green bean fries?   Why yes give me and order now!  As with the other reviews,  this place is a treat.They now have additional sitting around back.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,1/27/2014,18,157,2,5,3>I've found myself going back more and more.  I'm there one or twice a week.  The staff are wonderful, the sushi is fresh and the prices are excellent.  I've tried several sushi restaurants in the area and this one is the best!   They have an extensive menu and something for everyone.  The portions are nice and balanced in flavor, texture and freshness.   I always feel taken care of by the friendly staff.  And always remember to tip the server and sushi chefs well.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/26/2014,133,198,2,6,2>I have been coming to Liquid Earth now for a couple years now and I still have yet to eat here.  I go for one thing and one thing only, the smoothies and juices.  They are quite delicious. I have had most of their frozen drinks my favorite is either Banana E or the Rawmond Joy. I have had a lot of their juices as well and I love the AntioxDetox. (Note: These drinks definitely help the morning after a bar crawl.)  I have also dabbled in their Shots as well...no not alcohol shots; shots as in Goji Berry or Pomegranate. I really dig the Pomegranate.The drinks here are fantastic and you can watch them juice everything fresh right behind the bar. I would love to come here more often but it's hard to justify a $9 smoothie. I understand that they are organic and blah blah blah which is the reason the prices are jacked up, but studies have shown that there are no differences between organic and non-organic vegetables and fruits...nutritionally speaking.  So if this place would open just a juice stand and hammer out cheaper smoothies using non-organic vegies and fruits to keep the cost down, I would literally be there every day, drowning in polyphenols and antioxidants!Overall these smoothies are the best in the city and you can't go wrong with them, just be ready to pay for what you get.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,1/22/2014,71,270,1,9,2>The Charmery is 139 steps from my front door, so it's a good thing it's awesome. We went today for opening night and waited in line (with about 10 others!) for them to open. Being a dairy-free gal myself, I had the toasted coconut sorbet, which was awesome. A coconut sorbet is relatively common, but the toasty-ness of this one and the little pieces of coconut inside put it over the edge. My boyfriend had the salted caramel, which he said was perfection. Both were so cold than they didn't even begin to get melty on the walk home. They have some pretty interesting and creative flavors going on, along with some old favorites, which makes everyone happy. Some of the more interesting flavors included Old Bay Caramel, Berger Cookies and Cream, Lemon Stick, MD Mud, and Pistachio Toffee Crunch. They'll let you try a taste :)  A scoop is $3.50, a double is $5.00, a triple is $7.40, a kid's scope is $2.50, and a baby scoop is a dollar--how cute is that?!OH- The spoons change colors based on temperature! They turn blue when they touch your cold frosty treat and back to green in the warmth of your mouth. It's pretty entertaining. They also have specialty sundaes: Butterscotch Banana, Classic Hot Fudge, a smattering of other toppings, root beer on tap, floats, rickeys, and more...Be sure to grab a punch card so that you can spin a wheel for a reward (once you've racked up a bunch of cones and scoops). I'm so glad that there's finally a dessert place in Hampden (I also spotted a big plate of huge chocolate chip cookes). Waiting around for the ice cream man (and then chasing him down the street) is no fun- especially when it's only to find out he has no vegan-friendly treats. It's so nice to finally have something on our corner in place of the old Chestnut pharmacy--but not just something--something wonderful!p.s. Get cake cones :)p.p.s More dairy-free vegan stuff is higher priority than cake cones :)
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/21/2014,184,163,4,8,7>I wrote a review before this place went under new management, and I had to update to say that they were able to keep the same homey, diner feeling but have stepped up their game! Last time my bf got the seafood omelette and it was really good but overseasoned (and trust me, it takes a lot for either of us to say that). Now, they still have it on the menu along with their other classic recipes but they've definitely fine-tuned everything. I had waffles with vanilla creme and it had to be the most ridiculously tasty sauce ever. SO GOOD! They said they make it from the actual vanilla bean, not the extract, and the result is a deliciously sweet but not overpowering waffle that doesn't need maple syrup at all. The owner was there and super friendly, saying he would like to get some local "regulars" along with the tourists and convention crowd. Done!!I did subtract one star for the burnt-tasting coffee. It was disappointing, but not enough that I won't come back (a lot).
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/20/2014,113,165,3,8,3>Awesome bakery! The baked goods are made from scratch and fresh. I've had the chocolate chip scones, blackberry scones, snickerdoodles, brownie bread and apple cake. Everything has been absolutely amazing. I believe the apple cake was a special for the holidays, but I think they should make it year round. Great sandwiches too. I had a club sandwich on cheddar garlic bread. The bread options vary daily so check their web site. You can sample while you're in the store. Everyone who works there is so friendly and they have free coffee every Friday morning. I'd really love to try their breakfast sandwiches sometime. This is also a great place to pick up a gift. They have mixes for sale, homemade dog treats, and other fun things. It's too bad you would never know this bakery was there, such a random hidden shopping center, but totally worth checking out!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,1/19/2014,27,160,3,4,3>I had breakfast very early here on a Sunday Morning. I consider 8:45am very early. By the time we were finished the place was packed! Good luck getting a table. We got a great seat outside on a nice day. We were able to bring our puppy who chilled out next to the table. Service- Excellent. Our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and knew the menu. Food- Awesome. I ordered an waffle and chicken dish. My wife ordered an omelet and a side of pancakes. You can get a 2 stack that is not listed on the menu. I tried both her omelet and the pancakes. Everything I tasted was great. The menu is huge. It is hard not wanting to get everything. Price- I'd say breakfast will run you $20 each with coffee. A little on the pricey side for breakfast, but this is gourmet breakfast. Not the kind of place you go to every day, but maybe if you have family or friends in town. I will defiantly be back (and will show up early)!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,1/18/2014,151,317,3,5,4>My quest for the perfect cup of coffee and breakfast continues!! This time I thought i would try something that was off the beaten path but still had really great reviews.. I was also wanting to try a place that did coffee art so after i saw the pictures posted here I knew I had to go! Upon arrival the staff was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and if you have read any of my other reviews you know how important knowledgeable staff members are in my book.. The drink menu was extensive but i think we may have went on a bad day because there wasnt much to choose from in the display and they were down to only a few types of bagels. Once we ordered the coffee and bagels were brought to our table and were both very tasty.. The only reason I cant give this place 5 stars is because the drinks werent as fancy as i expected.. everyone around us were given over sized coffee mugs and it made the experience seem cozy, even though i specified my order was to stay I was still given a to go cup.. normally i wouldnt complain but the exchange seemed really weird with the cashier.. maybe next time i will have to specify that i would like my drink in a mug.. seems like an odd specification to have to make...
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,1/17/2014,61,215,,7,3>Procrastination at its finest - a writeup of a meal that we had exactly 364 days ago.We visited The Charleston and decided to do four savory courses each. I also got the wine pairings with mine, feeling like this is definitely a place where I can trust the sommelier. His courses:Local Heirloom Tomato & Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella Salad, fresh fava beans, saffron & lime vinaigretteJumbo Lump Crabcake, roasted local sweet corn, fresh fava beans, whole grain mustard creamGrilled Gunpowder Farm Buffalo Tenderloin, creamy polenta, crispy shallots, oyster mushroomsGrilled Beef Tenderloin, local garlic  & Yukon Gold potato purée, quail's egg, fried green tomatoPeach shortcake, peach sorbetHer courses:Local Sweet Corn Chowder, roasted Eastern Shore sweet corn, bacon AndouilleBig-Eye Tuna Tartare, cucumber, tiny capers, jalapeño oilPan-Roasted Turbot, oyster & button mushroom fricassée, lemon beurre blancPan-Roasted Magret of Duck, local Methley plum & peach compote, cinnamon scented Beaumes-de-Venise reductionPanna Cotta, local berries & yellow peaches, wildflower honeyAnd, sweets for the table (crumble cookie, macaron, meringue, caramel)Some notes on our meal:Service was excellent, very attentive and formal. We were there on a Monday night, and there were only a few other tables. Each dish is small and composed of many perfectly executed elements - perfectly balanced acidity, perfectly chopped vegetables, amazingly fresh fish, great sauces.This is one of those places that D will order seafood, and enjoys it - he loved the crab cake. This may actually have been the first Baltimore crab cake that he enjoyed - little to no filler, sweet and fresh meat with little extra added. My favorite was the turbot - a great sauce, perfectly cooked mushrooms and fish mixing well. D's favorite was the buffalo - tender and flavorful with great polenta.Definitely a great place for a special occasion - not an inexpensive meal, but when every single bite is fantastic, it can be worth it sometimes!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,1/16/2014,122,108,2,5,2>I came here because it was on the list for the "Baltimore Food Tour".. boy did this place make me giddy like a school-girl who just earned herself a scratch-n-sniff sticker on her A+ test! Except mine came in the form of "Drunken Monkey Wings"... spicy Thai flavors mixed with a Guinness Stout glaze.... what? Two of my top favs!? Get out heerrreee! Came in around early evening on a Thurs with just a small handful of patrons around. I can't tell you about any happy hour specials specifically but I do know they have some. Once the wings hit our table and my beer.... I couldn't see straight.. I just could see down...to the beautiful dark caramel colored crispy glazed wings. Cooked and seasoned perfectly.. at this point they were the best wings that I had ever laid these lips on. Now my beer.. my one beer that I had chosen out of like 1,000 (slight exaggeration), I had chosen a beer that was a coconut curry beer... yes, you heard right. I don't know the name but that was the flavor profile listed. I will admit, not the wisest choice I've ever made but it was my most adventurous one. The tavern is in the heart of Fells Point and if you can't get parking out front ( we did during he week)... you can get $3 flat rate after 4pm on Weekdays and all weekend long just a few blocks away  in a multilevel parking garage. Another visit here just a few days after my first... I had a peanut butter chocolate stout that at first gulp was ahhmazing but the following were a little tough. The bartenders are awesome...lively, cool, and just talkative enough.The tavern has an ole World feel and lots of wood throughout. I will definitely be back to try the many beers they have on tap along with some wings and a game.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,1/15/2014,85,225,3,5,3>Need a photobooth guy for your wedding or any other big event, Jon-Michael is the best! I've watched him work his magic from behind the lens and he's awesome. Not only does he take great photos but he's got a great personality that immediately puts you at ease. And he's understanding when you see that not so FB friendly photo and need a re-shoot. (Hooray for the digital age right?) He brings all of his own equipment complete with props. Can't wait to work with him again!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,1/11/2014,76,77,,6,2>It should be a crime to make healthy food so delicious. If I lived closer to the Grind House, I just might actually become an accidental vegan. Their pressed juices, smoothies, and fake meat wraps are absolutely superb!I came here with a Livingsocial voucher and tried the "Go Fish" wrap and the Blueberry Pie smoothie. For the smoothies, you are presented with a choice of using soy milk or rice milk as the base, or almond milk (and something else -- can't quite remember) for an additional 60 cents. I really loved my blueberry pie smoothie (blueberry, walnut, maple syrup, banana) with almond milk. While I hung out there, I noticed that many regular customers ordered the all-fruit smoothie (strawberry, pineapple, mango, peach, banana). I'll have to get that next time!The real gem of my meal, though, was the Go Fish wrap. The tortilla came lightly-grilled to perfection, and it had a perfect ratio of dressing, greens, and fake fish. The goddess dressing was certainly godly as described!It may take a few minutes to receive your food after you order, but the wait is completely worthwhile when you realize how good the food is and that your ingredients are chopped fresh for every order. The restaurant itself is rather small, but a cozy naturally-lit lounge area with a few tables and couches can be found in the adjoining back room.Grind House Juice Bar and Market = a definite winner in my book!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/10/2014,108,80,2,6,2>Is it weird to review a bus line? lol anyway, I've been CCC-ing it up these past few days in Baltimore trying to get to know the area. I love this bus! It's so convenient for UMB students to hop on and get to places like Harbor East, Fed Hill and more. I discovered a stop near the Whole Foods in Harbor East (one of the only grocery stores near me), awesome! It would be really helpful if stops could have the stop number somewhere on their sign (if not the entire stop name). NextBus is great, but sometimes I just want to know if the stop I'm looking for is the one I found.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/9/2014,178,175,2,3,3>Samosas, samosas, samosas!!!!I had the pleasure of having a few of their samosas this past weekend at The Gathering on McHenry Row. Spicy, savory and deelish, these bite size morsels left me wanting more. Served with a sweet sauce, there was awesomeness in every bite. One thing though.  I wish there was more meat inside.  And I'd also like to see more of a variety when it comes their samosa selection.  Maybe Veggie, chicken and lambs samosas combo and make it 3 for 5?  I'd patronize again!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,1/8/2014,27,113,1,6,3>A  world class burger joint with Baltimore's Best New Bartender on the side. The sandwich's are very good too. The wife had the Turkey Ruben with turkey roasted in-house. She pronounced it delicious. I had the Cowboy Burger, a bacon cheeseburger with an onion ring and BBQ sauce that rocked. Even the kosher pickles on the side were memorable. Portion sizes are large to encourage take home boxes. They open at 8 AM and serve breakfast all day too. Really tasty food at reasonable prices. I picture myself becoming a regular here.While we were waiting for our food, Lee the owner asked if we would like be guinea pigs to sample the new reformulated crab dip, which he is constantly seeking to improve. It was a free cup of cheesey, crabby goodness! Tell 'em I sent you if you order the dip.Lee and staff couldn't have been nicer. The food disappeared off our plates. Really close to my wife's job. We found a parking space right at the front door. Could not have been a more pleasant experience. We both agree that this is a perfect after work place. She's bringing her workmates tomorrow. And we'll be back to sample the breakfast soon.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,1/7/2014,53,917,3,6,4>Thanks for bringing pho to Glen Burnie. Pho 98 is the wife of Pho 89 in Laurel. Basically, if you liked the husband's cooking, you will like the wife's cooking, too. It was the first time I took a phoTO GO as I was not really hungry at that time and was still shopping. Unfortunately, the noodles got sticky and the beef shreds were rare. I suggest that if you have TO TAKE OUT food that you cook the beef as the broth would not be warm enough to make the beef shreds well done. I forgot, it was only a microwave away. You could microwave it, but I don't know if the noodles will cooperate.  I look forward to more warm, slurpee noodles soup relationship. Photanstic! Additional star for location. See also my other review on Pho 89 (3 stars).
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/6/2014,55,370,2,9,4>This is the kind of place that makes me trust Yelp implicitly. It looks sketchy, and at first you feel foolish for having driven so far based on a review, but it's absolutely worth the trip for the knockout food.We ordered our favorite Middle Eastern dishes, and all were about the closest we've come to authentic in Baltimore. Creamy hummus, worth naming a restaurant after. Mellow, spiced lentil soup. Crunchy falafel and lemony tahini sauce (falafel was not as herby as I'm used too, but texture and seasoning was good.) Lightly-dressed salad (the greens could have been greener, but the sumac dressing was perfect.) Smoky, chunky eggplant in the baba ganoush. Thin, papery pita to mop everything up. We were in heaven.We skipped meat that night, but I would like to return to try their shwarma, and I told the guy working the counter, they need to start making kibbeh! That's the only thing missing from this experience. Well, okay, they also need a better setup -- they have a looooooong counter with a bar and a few tables in the front, but the ceilings are way too high and warehouse-like for such good food. Too much styrofoam, too. But these are all external trappings and hardly detract from what is really remarkable food. We don't get to Owings Mills often, but that might have to change!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/5/2014,334,725,2,9,2>When I think of a market, this is what I expect. They've invested a lot into Belvedere Square. The signs are all cute and matching, there are cafe tables outside and the inside is full of different vendors that carry fancy goods. Everything is neat, orderly and it all has a gourmet feel. There are tables, high-tables and bar tables everywhere, depending on which vendor you're visiting. My top picks:Atwaters: Coffee, breads, gourmet cheeses, soups, salads, and of course pre-order delicious pies for the holidays! I tasted the Sweet Potato and Pecan. Both were fabulous and about $24. Planet Produce: Raw juices and smoothies! Fresh squeezed orange juice. Green Power raw juice...$4 and totally affordable. I also picked up some parsnips, carrots, organic bananas and more. Neopol: Squash cheese mini pie. Light and flaky and way more filling than I expected. They will heat up anything in the deli case if you want to eat it warm. They will bring it to your table and you can clear your plate when you're done at the little organization station.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,1/4/2014,10,127,3,5,2>GASP!  I could have sworn I'd written a review on Ebenezer....10 lashes to me!Absolutely my favorite restaurant.  Yes, authentic "homemade" Ethiopian -- LITERALLY.  You are literally sitting in (what feels like) the living room of a rowhome in Pigtown.  The marvelous Eleni cooks up the yummies behind a curtain and brings it out to you with her perfectly textured injera.  For any of you Ethiopian food lovers (and those who will become!), you know that injera is ESSENTIAL to the meal -- it's the spongy bread you use to eat all the meats and veggie with (that's right, no forks, you sissy!) and know what?  Eleni is the only gal in Baltimore who makes it all herself.  In fact, she delivers to neighboring Ethiopian joints and well, you can tell it's quality.  My go-to order: Veggie Combo and Lamb tibs Fir Fir -- fabulous variety and feeds 3 people EASILY, and totals $24.  Uhm, yeah.  OH and the coffee.  Yes, the coffee.  There's a reason I'm definitely a regular at Ebenezer.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/3/2014,57,120,2,6,3>At times, I find myself finding a reason to go slightly out of my way to patronize this store.  I only buy wine, but from what I can see, they have the best prices around the Columbia/Ellicott City area.  Plus, they always have a fun seasonal display with dolls, stuffed animals, what-have-you up front for holidays and special events like the Super Bowl that I enjoy taking a look at.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,1/2/2014,35,132,2,4,2>This was wonderful!  Came here for a GNO and I was very happy!  Its a small place but the small place is nothing to the amount of food you got!  We started off with hummus and their roasted eggplant and tomato dip both which were VERY VERY delicious!  I ordered the Nora's Combo 3 which were lamb kabobs, chicken and your choice of salad or rice or both.  I chose both, I will say wish I JUST chose the salad the rice did taste a little dirty.  The salad, very good and so were the kabobs.  The lamb was not gamey, cook perfectly the way I like it!They do offer coupons which was great for our group!  We loved it and talked about coming here again.  If you come here, get the combos with salad and you will not be disappointed!!!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/1/2014,31,109,2,4,2>I've been coming here since I was a kid (perty long ago) and this place is still awesome. It's a music lover's paradise. I really love the expansion of the vinyl section and that they have, in my opinion, the best Record Store Day in the country.Music, movies, posters, shirts, even candy, they've got it all. The staff is also really helpful which comes in handy considering the vast selection.  This place will never disappoint.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/31/2013,31,213,3,9,3>I decided to eat here on a whim after hearing about this place and can tell you that all the rave reviews are correct. This place deserves everything positive said about it and I will definitely be returning.Let's start with the service, which was top notch. The greeter opened the door for me and walked me in, figured out where I would like to sit, and made sure I was taken care of. My server was attentive, knowledgeable, and helpful in every single way. Even when I had some end questions, at least two staff were willing to help talk with me.Decor is very nice, with a classy to the place. Nice open seating area, good artwork, a wine vault you can look into, and an open kitchen where you can see Mr. Gadsby working. It felt comfortable, clean, and fit the experience quite well.Now my favorite part... the food. The recipes Mr. Gadsby uses and prepares are ~excellent~ and worthy of every star I've given the place.I decided on the Butternut Squash Soup to start, which comes with a small bit of pulled pork that its poured around. Nice and sweet, especially as you find the occasional piece of roasted pear, but with a bit of a peppery spice to it. I could not stop muttering in appreciation of how good this was.I followed this up with their Mixed Field Greens salad which was very good. The greens were all fresh and full with nothing wilted or brown. The honey vinaigrette was well distributed and added a nice sweet taste.My main dish was one of their sandwiches, the Texas Road Side Burger. Everything about this burger was done correctly, starting with my request for a nice juicy medium. The honey-glazed bacon was neither too crispy or too soggy and was a good thick slice and the onion marmalade gave it that nice sweet flavor. Even better was the Vermont cheddar which added a nice sharpness to the flavor and complimented everything so well.What's nice is that, while a little pricey, it's not "break the bank" level and good for a pleasant lunch or a classy dinner. You receive the experience of a 4- or 5-star restaurant without the guilt and empty wallet afterwards. Mr. Gadsby has created someplace that achieves excellence while still being accessible to all.My only complaint about this place is that its easy to miss because of its location. On the ground floor of an office building, set off the road and up behind another building, you'd almost miss it if not looking. I certainly hope people find out where it is because it is a hidden treasure in Columbia and worth it all.P.S. To the reviewer who gave this place 1-star without ever stepping foot in it and trying it out, shame on you. Your complaint should be directed at the previous restaurant and owners, as this place is completely different and not obligated to honor anything from previous tenants. Folks, judge this place by your experience inside rather than what someone with some out-of-date certificates says.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/30/2013,138,111,,7,5>This place is everything you want it to be! AMAZING!I first had their pulled pork over jalepeno cornbread at a Yelp event (Yelpy Con at the Geppi Entertainment Museum). It was my favorite thing I had that night!I live a few blocks away so needless to say I had to go and try their other food out! The tilapia sandwich was okay, not my favorite. The pulled pork quesadilla is by far my favorite thing on the menu and one of my favorite meals in the Baltimore area! I have also tried the crab quesadilla... I had high hopes, but it just lacked flavor and didn't do it for me.To point out:- Pulled pork quesadilla is where it's at!- Brownies are on point!- Jalepeno cornbread is out of this world!- Dirty rice is the best rice I have ever had!- Iced coffee is (usually) made with coffee ice cubes! That is if they aren't out of it!PLEASE NOTE: This is a SMALL place.... very small.... 4 tables inside and a couple outside. I prefer to order to go. They also close early and are closed on Tuesday! So double check when they are open before you come!Lastly, this is also a catering company (just FYI) and they do offer items that are pre-made in a glass frig in the restaurant for a quick grab and go lunch... like the shrimp salad and egg salad the side salads and such cold items. So if you want something quick, there you go!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/29/2013,25,142,,5,5>Best breakfast place in Pikesville! My boyfriend and I came with my parents for Sunday brunch around 10am and expected a wait. It was definitely crowded, but I love that they offer free coffee while you wait! Such a great idea! I wish more brunch places did the same. So often I'm only grouchy after waiting because I have a caffeine withdrawal headache.We were told the wait would be 15 minutes, but it was less. Our service was very prompt and friendly. I ordered the swisshroom omelet with an English muffin and potatoes. It was delicious! The omelet was packed with very fresh herbs, tomatoes, swiss cheese and mushrooms. I'd definitely order it again. Portion sizes were great for the price. Everyone else enjoyed their meals and cleaned their plates! The blueberry pancakes my boyfriend ordered looked delicious. Next time I'll have to give them a shot!I'd absolutely recommend First Watch for breakfast or brunch.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,12/28/2013,73,124,4,3,5>I was leaving a private event across the street from Paladar. I wasn't ready for my night to end, so me and my party saw Paladar, we thought lets check this place out. Paladar is very romantic, dark furniture, rich tones on the walls and dim lights. I wasn't in the mood for a full dinner so we sat at the bar. How cool is this place? they offer late night happy hour 9pm-11pm Sun-Thurs. I had the Pisco sour a light and airy cocktail made with bitters, egg whites and lime juice to name a few items in the mix. SO GOOD! I didn't want to try anything else. I stuck with the Pisco Sour and my bartender never disappointed, each one better than the last. I ordered from the Happy Hour menu and had the Cuban Braised Beef Tacos. One word DELICIOUS.  I also ordered the Cuban Bread Pudding. It reminds me of egg custard pie I LOVE EGG custard so I was in comfort food heaven. I tried a little bit of the Goat cheese & Sweet Potato cheese cake. Personally it taste like American Cheese flavored Cheesecake, not my cup of tea but my home girl crushed it. We left full, happy from our happy hour treats and still had gas money to get home, always a win win situation when this equation comes together.Good conversation+ Great DRANKSSSS*Delicious food -not spending a lot= A Great moment in life.Thanks Paladar for providing a great moment.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,12/27/2013,131,146,2,4,4>Tis the Season for some volunteerism. Now y'all, I call so many organizations throughout the year to see if the kids and I can come in and volunteer. It seems once they hear the Little Bells are toddlers, I get crickets. I'm sorry why can't my folks  stack can foods on the shelf? I digress.Well found the perfect place for the kids to volunteer. ART WITH A HEART. Its an organization fighting to keep the arts alive in our public school system. They come into the school and do art with the kids. On the other side they also have there own building where stellar art projects are sold to support the activity of Art with a Heart. So the kids got to color crabs to be put on a larger project.  We had a great time! Thanks Changa (kudos to hubby who led me here)!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/26/2013,16,119,3,7,4>Biked this trail with some friends on Saturday over labor day weekend. We took the light rail ($1.60) from Baltimore to Cromwell station, the last stop in Glen Burnie. Once you get off, bike across the street, and the B&A trail begins. It's 13 miles all the way to annapolis. The trail is paved, mostly flat, and well-maintained with luscious vegetation lining the trail. There are rest areas along the way with benches, water fountains, shops, stores, etc. so you can start/stop all along the trail. There is also ample shade from the trees lining the trail so even though it was above 90 degrees that day, the shade kept us cool. When you are a few miles from annapolis, the trail merges with the road so you have to bike alongside cars and you have to bike uphill to get over the bridge. The bike line is wide though so it's not a big issue. Overall, this is a great trail that is suitable for running and biking. The scenery is very relaxing. We biked to annapolis, grabbed a bite to eat, walked around, and then biked back to glen burnie. It wasn't that crowded even though it was labor day weekend. The 13 mile ride takes about 1.5 hours depending how fast you bike. I love this trail after biking it the other day. Great way to enjoy sunny weather.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/25/2013,110,119,3,6,4>What can I not say about this location. The ribs here are awesome, I could not get enough. The rib platter comes with a half  a slab or hole slab with two side items  including corn bread in which they were out of. How can you be out of corn bread in which I was told is the best in town. Me and my wife will definitely be visiting this location again. The parking lot at this location is very small do I would suggest  that you park on the side or in the back of the parking lot. If you like a good rib dinner and corn bread this is a location that you must visit.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,12/24/2013,40,119,3,6,4>Come before 12 or after 3 if you want to get a seat. Also, take out will take just as long to get so do yourself and eat there. It will save you the mess of trying to deal with pho in a tiny container. Unfortunately Mekong's pho wasn't the best I've ever had and to be honest its a little pricey compared to other vietnamese restaurants I've been to. Also, none of the phos are on the lunch special menu either, bummer. I knew it was cash only so I brought a roll of money with me (I never have cash on me...but when I do I get enough out to last me for days). When I was about to pay I realized that the wad of cash I had in my pocket was no longer there; must've fell out or something (my mom always told me not to put money in my pockets, grrr) :(.  It was pretty upsetting and of course I was short of the bill,  1.75 to be exact. The owner immediately said "you can just bring it next time ". I really appreciated that because  even though 1.75 is probably nothing to them they could've given me a hard time about it or made me go to an ATM at that moment to bring it back.   I felt trusted and I just met the guy! Since Mekong is the only pho place in downtown I will definitely make another visit. Probably will go tomorrow and drop off that 1.75 I owe them :) Pho two days in a row isnt bad right?Thanks again!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,12/23/2013,134,129,4,5,5>Great place near me with food, drinks ,and hospitality! The folks in here are great! They let you know that this place to for the 30 and over by their many signs of 95.9! 95.9 is the radio station for the 30 and over crew! So with being said you know what to expect! The feel is very loungey and chill. Most people are still in their work attire, That means it is happy hour! They have a different drink specials everyday, I came in on a Wednesday. Wednesday they have $5 Sex on Beach. My drink was on point not too strong but not too weak.Food was a plus too! They have many options, so you can basically come there and get whatever is on your mind. I think the decor needs a little remodling but otherwise this is a great place to chill after work and unwind
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/22/2013,60,97,2,4,2>Old Bank Barbers is absolutely phenomenal and worthy of its nearly perfect rating. I have never seen stylists who are so detail oriented. Typically barbers will get you in and out within 10 minutes -- Old Bank will take a solid 25-30 minutes to cut my hair and all for $15. With that $15 comes a straight blade shave. Everyone who works there is seriously awesome and friendly. I really cannot recommend this place enough.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,12/21/2013,145,325,,12,7>Yum!  Although you can find good Peruvian style chicken in both Montgomery County and in Baltimore, it's always been a bit harder to come by in Howard County.  However, Grille Chick'n Pollo covers that niche very nicely.The chicken here is grilled with charcoal and has been well-seasoned with the traditional Peruvian chicken spices.  I'd personally have preferred a little more seasoning but it wasn't bland by any means.  A whole chicken came with four sauces (2 green, 2 yellow).  The green sauce had quite a kick to it.  The meat itself was tender, moist, and succulent...exactly the way it should be.In terms of sides, we ordered the beans & rice as well as the yucca.  The beans & rice were great... the beans were full of savory goodness. The yucca, however, were amazing... probably the best I've had in the area (that includes the yucca from the MD pollo heavyweights Sardis and Chicken Rico).  They were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside.  The owner here was super friendly, chatting with us about various things and even gave us a free Alfajores to try.  I liked the Alfajores.  It's a soft cookie with a dulce de leche filling.  We also ordered flan, which was good though a little on the heavier . denser side for flan.Overall, it's a great place for Peruvian style chicken, especially if you live in the Columbia/Ellicott City area and don't want to drive too far to get your chicken fix on.  Highly recommended.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,12/20/2013,118,132,3,5,4>Hello relaxation! Missi's hands are amazing - you ask for more tension - you got it! Less tension, oh she can do that too! And the decor of this place is seriously straight from the pages of a Martha Stewart DIY magazine!I absolutely loved everything about this place from the moment I walked up the stairs, I am actually not one for talking during massages but I couldn't help it Missi was just so personable and made the experience amazing. I tried the Shea Butter body wrap and my skin is still glowing days later - definitely check out the specialty services they have to offer, I know I will be trying a different one next time I head in...
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,12/19/2013,277,941,3,5,3>Amazing. I can't believe a place like this exists in Baltimore of all places. We are seriously lucky to have such an establishment. I might become a regular here pretty soon. First off, I love love love the decor and branding. Love the filigree style signage and the industrial modern interior. Lighting is fantastic, it feels what we Danes call "hyggelidt" Second, I love that it's a cafe featuring buns, bonus for offering vietnamese coffee. I've never seen anywhere in B'more that sells it. Third, even with the FREE wifi, its not packed here! The owner made a fantastic choice on the furniture, great lounges and what not.On to the food! So I had the rotiboy and the harvest empanada. I was a little disappointed with the rotiboy since it had no filling but later on, as I ate more of it, it was soft, warm, fluffy and semisweet. There was a light vanilla flavor within the dough. The vegan empanada was quite good too, it was filled with spinach, squash, zucchini, peppers, mushrooms, and potatoes. Super yummy and savory. I wish they had a menu though I'd love to read about all the flavors and types of buns they came out with so far. Lastly, the owner was smart, instead of selling all buns at all times, it's a different set of 6 -  9 buns a day or week. Keeps all you bun eaters guessing cause you never know what's gonna be baked next... Super duper plus for being open till 3am! Hasta la vista Bun shop!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,12/18/2013,80,198,3,5,3>Love Alexanders... One of my fav. bars in Fell'sSolid beer choices, not the greatest, but decent enough. One thing you will find is that Bmore has some GREAT beer bars (Max's) so to always be compared to that has to be tough. But Alexanders does a solid job not only with the beer, but the specials, food and fun!Like most of the bars in Fells when you first walk in, you are greeted by a long bar with a long skinny hallway. Alexandars is the same, but they offer a couple tables in the back and an Upstairs! The upstairs has a bunch of different games so it is def. worth a try, and its great to parties so alot of people rent it out. On to the other items, food and drinks... Alexandars offers a good, not HUGE array of drinks, beer and food. On the food side, the food is solid! Pretzels, tater tots, etc... my mouth is drooling already. The drinks/beer/specials are good too... you can drink your face off with a group of people during HH and you won't break the bank. Alexanders also has outside seating which is nice when the weather is good and you enjoy people watching!So bottoms up and grab that last round cuz HH is about to end!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/17/2013,51,89,,7,4>If you have little ones, Federal Hill park offers a playground area. Best part about it is that it's fenced in with ample room for kids to run around without the worry of them running off & tumbling down the incredibly steep hills. And like every single other reviewer has stated before me... THE VIEW IS SPECTACULAR. And if you're a runner looking for a little 5k, you can park by this park & head down to the promenade (by the water) & run around to the other side of the inner harbor. Turn around once you hit the Aquarium or Pier 6 & make your way back to Federal Hill. Best way to end a run is with a beautiful view from the top of the park. We like to have a packed lunch waiting for us & eat it at the park under a tree after our run. Especially with this beautiful weather we're having in September - take advantage!!!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/16/2013,6,119,2,6,2>We waited until 4:00pm on Sunday because we just assumed that like all Thai restaurants, that's when they opened the doors!  Well, we were wrong; they are actually open for lunch.So at 4:00pm there were no other dine-in patrons in their cozy little dining room.We were warmly greeted and set to a table.  The host gave us a picture menu of the food and a menu that explained the noodle ordering process.  He would later come back often enough to ask if we needed anything--good job.We ordered the Taro Cake, Corn Cake and Tofu cake with the spicy tamarind sauce.  It was a generous sample of each, complete with two little, two-pronged forks (for us hungry, befuddled, chopstick novices).  They were delightfully hot and creamy inside. Delicious!She ordered the 48hours pork shoulder stew and Thai coffee.    The pork was so nicely seasoned and silky smooth to eat--a real treat.  It came with a tangy sauce to pour over it which added another dimension of flavor. Her coffee was a good combination of bitter and super sweet with the typical overload of ice cubes, that I understand you're supposed to let melt in the Bangkok heat..(OK).  I ordered Bangkok Peanut with beef over rice noodles.  The order came with a generous amount of beef and noodles covered in thick peanut sauce with carrots and bok choy and a sprinkle of ground peanuts.   Enough peanut in this dish to give a person an anaphylactic fit!   Deliciously wonderful!  No heat, but I added the dark-roasted chili peppers supplied with other condiments of the meals.No desert for us, because we were stuffed and still had some to bring home for later!We'll be back!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/15/2013,33,21,2,8,6>I wont type much about their chicken---as a quick scroll down will give you all the info you need to know, and more.  It's moist and juicy. It's spiced well.  It's fairly inexpensive.I WILL talk about my two favorite sides, because I wouldn't expect to find them in a place like Chicken Rico.1.) Coleslaw.  The coleslaw is really, really good.  It's slightly sweet, which pairs perfectly with this spice and salt of the chicken.  Good palate cleanser/fork-mate to the chicken.  2.) Fried Rice.  I'm not typically a fan of fried rice.  When I get American-Chinese food, I get brown or white rice.  I tried a friends fried rice here, and I was hooked.Just thought I'd drop by with a review including two (possibly) overlooked sides at Chicken Rico!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,12/14/2013,124,212,4,8,5>This place is pretty darned cool and the location makes it even cooler. You like a certain type of game they know all about it and have (or can get) what you want.I am a geek and love games, all kinds of games. I like trading card games like Magic: the gathering. They have plenty of cards; in singles, sets, packs, boosters, pre-made decks... they got you covered.I like RPG's like D&D, Traveler, Paranoia... You need dice? got it. You need books? got it? I like board games... they have lots of 'em... many I have never heard of, but they are fun.Do you need people to play with? They got them too. If you show up they will have more people to play with. Oh, I forgot to mention that they have a gaming are upstairs ... yup, they got that.Get out and play
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/13/2013,10,101,,5,3>We had tea and lunch there, stayed in one of the rooms and enjoyed the breakfast the next morning.  The tea was excellent.  I had the Jane's sweet tea,  a special blend from their "Jane Austen" collection and the Savory Tea selection.  The sandwiches were yummy, cucumber, egg salad and ham sandwiches.  There were 2 small tarts, one was mushroom, the other shephard's pie, both very good and very rich.  The orange-cranberry scone was absolutely delicious, especially with the strawberry marmalade and cream.  My husband had the Fried Green Tomato BLT sandwich which he loved.There were tea parties all day long, apparently this is the place for parties such as bridal showers.The stay in the Washington Suite was quiet and very comfortable. We were hoping to see a ghost (the house was built in 1737) but didn't. The New Orleans french toast the next morning which was served as part of the stay  was out of this world delicious.This is definitely a place we would come back and visit again.  I would love to take my Mom to tea here, I think she would love it!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,12/12/2013,56,130,,4,3>Came here for their opening night last night and really liked the place.  They have a huge microbrewery selection and nice wine list.  They also have a hit bourbon cocktail which was amazing !  They were out of their specialty by 830 .. The beef on weck so I had a cheeseburger the nickel which is five ounce.  It was amazing. The burger was juicy and flavorful and well cooked. The Taphouse sauce was amazing as well. We shared a side of fries but I may have been able to eat an entire order myself ! We started with a special of pork belly which was cider braises which was excellent - not too sweet and served over house coleslaw with apples.  They had a list of several specials last night including a short rib entree for $28. A chicken dish for $23 .  we had the string bean starter as well which was amazing . the flavor was great and had just the right kick to it.  The bacon burger was also excellent with crispy bacon and a bacon jam. Despite being thoroughly full we still went ahead and ordered the key lime pie served with fresh cream and a homemade graham cracker crust ! It was amazing they also have fun alcoholic shakes for dessert as well. Decor is a simple bar with televisions wood floor and tables.  Very warm and inviting . our waitress was a touch of the weird side but very friendly and attentive.  Would defi itely recommend and will be back. They have mussels and oysters on the menu which I would love to try. The rest of the menu is small plates burgers and sandwiches for now. With entree options on the daily specials  menu !
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,12/11/2013,52,168,,5,3>We decided to try this place for our second anniversary.  We'd been hearing good things for awhile and I used the recent Fodor's article on the foodie scene in Baltimore to narrow down anniversary spots.  We'd tried, and really liked, most of the other places on the list.  Fork & Wrench did not disappoint. Others have already noted the unique decor, which has a cool industrial, yet homey, vibe.  One update is they now have valet service, which is huge since parking in the area is pretty tight, especially on weekends.  However, once you're parked there's a nice little stretch of places on Boston street you can walk between. Now, the most important part, the food!  It was AMAZING.  All of it.  We each tried a few of their signature cocktails, which were also excellent - strong and tasty.  The cocktail list is long, take the time to peruse the whole thing before making a decision.  We had the roasted bone marrow and steamed escargot bun to start which we HIGHLY recommend. Seriously, amazing.  The husband is usually not a fan of escargot but he loved this.  And the marrow?  Awesome, especially with the bit of sauce you usually see on sushi rolls.  For entrees, the husband had duck two ways, which was some of the best duck either of us has ever had and we are duck fans.  I had the scallops and pork/shrimp steamed buns, also perfect.  Because it was our anniversary we even got two complimentary glasses of sparkling wine. Desserts were also tasty. As if that wasn't enough, our server was also great, she really knew the menu and drinks and kept an eye on us. Nothing not to love about our experience here, we will be back!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/10/2013,24,110,3,6,3>I'm not sure what others experienced service-wise but the DH and I had a great experience here. The servers were attentive and the food was very good. The DH got the Mackinac pizza and cleared his plate. Like scraping it clean. And it was a sizable portion. I had the honey jalepeno chicken salad sandwich. It was delicious. The description of the server was spot on. Not a lot of heat and on the back end. Just right for me. DH also enjoyed his beer selection. I'm looking forward to coming back when I can drink (ie not pregnant) and trying stuff. The open kitchen/bar concept is interesting as is the seating arrangement. Being just down the hill from the Stevenson U campus was a genius spot to choose. I thought the prices were appropriate for portions. We got there at about 10 of 6pm on a Monday night, so it was slow. My only comment would be that you probably shouldn't have a team meeting at 6 pm when you have customers. It didn't impact our service but it's something to think about.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/9/2013,154,580,,6,4>So we stopped on by because we were craving some Late night Love Boat Sushi.  And late it was..they served us at 9PM...For $56 you could get a very large spread of Sashimi and Special rolls.  It also comes with a salad and soup for two. It was amazing! Fresh and beautifully decorated fish just waiting for us to chomp on. Some items that you might want to try here:1. Dinosaur Egg (don't ask, just order it if you like avocados and shrimp tempura)2. Green Tea CheesecakeThe food is amazing and the service is excellent.  They really do treat you like family here...even if you are the only customers there at 9PM (they close at 10).  The cozy little sushi restaurant and a friendly staff make it a perfect destination for late evening meals. I think I found a new favorite sushi place in Annapolis!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,12/8/2013,49,154,4,3,2>No Idea is great for:- Welcoming, neighborhood bar vibe- No-frills brunch- Bottomless mimosers- Tots- Trivia night- Shuffle board enthusiastsNo idea is not great for:- High-falutin' diners- Buckeyes
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,12/7/2013,115,78,,8,4>This place is Huge and has a little something for everyone. But if you're looking for a velvet rope experience with face checks at the door, skip this place and head for  the city. Cancun Cantina is pure suburbia... Everything from White Collar Professionals to Bikers, and a sprinkling of everything in between can make up the crowd on any given night. If you want to learn social dancing, this is your place for free lessons and large crowds of people that come to participate. Salsa on Sunday Nights, West Coast Swing on Tuesday Nights, and Country Line Dancing on Wed & Thursday Nights.If you want live music, look no further...  Local Rock/Pop bands on Friday nights in the back bar area. Tropical Island steel drum music during happy our on the all sand rear tiki bar / beach area. And live Country bands every Friday & Saturday night in the main bar.On top of all that, Cancun Cantina is one of the FEW Baltimore area bars that offers FREE Food Buffet happy hours on Friday's. They also typically put out the same type of FREE food buffet later in the evenings around 10:00'ish when they have Salsa, West Coast Swing, and Country Line Dancing nights.They do have a regular menu that's made up of bar food, a large array of sandwiches and wraps, along with a few entrees too. But rarely do you see people here ordering from the kitchen unless they just need a little something to soak up the alcohol. Most people come here to drink, dance, listen to live music, and that's it.Lastly, the security staff at Cancun Cantina maintains a very visible presence with very large stationary and roaming security guys. You can expect bag and coat checks at the door, with dress codes that sometimes seems a little Draconian. But in all my years of going here, I've never seen a fight or a problem of any kind, so this isn't really a bad thing.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/6/2013,416,145,4,4,4>THOROUGHLY pleased with my massage here. I purchased a deal last year but wound up having surgery so had to delay cashing in on my deal by a few months. I sent an email to the owner (Kim) and she contacted me back immediately and was knowledgeable about the amount of time to wait before having a massage after the type of surgery I had. If you're not familiar with the area you'll miss it so just look for the McDonald's at the intersection of Harford Rd & Moravia and park in the parking lot immediately to the left of the McDonald's lot. The building right next to it houses Aaduri along with Chef Mac's and a few other businesses. My appointment was with Linda. When I saw her athletic build my first thought was-with that athletic build she's GOT to be a hiker! My second fearful thought was-she's going to snap me like a twig! Fortunately, she did anything but! Her technique was extremely thorough and relaxing. Normally, I make it a point to stay awake during massages so I can enjoy feeling the stress leave my body but Linda's massage had me fighting sleep like a baby in bedtime denial. I think after about 45 minutes of fighting I shamefully gave in during the last few minutes and lapsed into pampered slumber. Yes, it felt THAT good. Kudos to Linda for a great job, I'll be sure to book her on my next visit. You could follow suit but from the previous reviews it looks like no matter which therapist you get, you'll love your massage no matter what.  S.N. As I was heading to the parking lot, I noticed the car parked next to me had a bumper sticker that boasted hiking as a sport. Wonder whose car that was :)
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/5/2013,17,163,3,5,5>Great Rams Head location and close to home for us. Savage Mill is a neat old mill converted into a unique shopping experience. The Rams Head is inside the mill and spans 3 levels with completely different atmospheres and two outside areas, a front patio and back deck. Upstairs is the early bird special crowd, the lower level bar is a more laid back scene, and the basement can be the rowdier crowd and has a small stage for bands to play at night. Fordham beers on tap as expected at a Rams Head. Keep your eyes open for special beer releases. Food is good, and some vegetarian options. Spouse swears by the veggie burger. It's the morningstar black bean burger, but cooked well; sub it for any of the burger combinations. Saw that they have a doggie menu, which is adorable. before it gets too cold we'll have to come back with the pup and order her some meatballs and bowser beer!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,12/4/2013,13,10,2,3,3>this pizza place was such a welcome addition to the harbor east landscape. prices are reasonable (a $10 pizza is enough for two meals for me). i absolutely love their crunchy thin-crust pizza, my favorite being the sweet tennesssee honey chicken with artichokes and fresh ricotta cheese. also good are their salads, including the spinach salad (similar to a greek with with pesto dressing) and bagby greens (pears, gorgonzola, YUM). sandwiches are also a draw, with everyone from chicken parmesean sub to a veggie sandwich. and they have decent pasta as well, especially the slightly spicy baked penne. service here is prompt even when they're busy--which is often, especially during lunch hour.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/3/2013,30,102,,4,2>I took a tour of the kitchen as part of an outing for local organic farmers. I can attest that they are everything they claim to be. They even source their flour locally. They cure their own meats (the meat locker was the best part of the tour!) and put up their own pickles and canned goods. I had my 26th birthday here, and easily made a reservation for a party of 10 just 7 days before. It took nearly a half hour to seat us. Even on a Thursday it was jam packed with patrons. They made up for the wait with complimentary wine and snacks. Honestly we didn't mind because we kept busy sipping cocktails by the fire outside.My party was a mix of vegetarians, omnivores, and gluten-free folks. Everyone found something yummy to eat and we had no complaints. I enjoyed the macaroni and cheese with a side of Swiss chard. The drinks were especially good.The ambiance really made the evening so special. Cozy, warm, rustic yet refined. A reflection of their mission indeed. I would highly recommend Woodberry Kitchen for a special evening.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,12/2/2013,110,70,,12,5>Smaltimore is a brand new bar and restaurant in Canton, and so naturally I was excited to check it out after reading about it in the local media. My fiancee and I went during their soft opening phase and we were quite impressed!The fare is described as burgers and sushi. Awesome, because those are two of my favorite things! When we went, the sushi wasn't yet available, so I had a bacon, egg, and cheese burger! It was quite good, and only 6 dollars! Who wouldn't love an egg on a burger? I really like that they use local beef, and that the base hamburger is only $4. That's a great deal, any night of the week. I'm looking forward to go back and check out the sushi.The restaurant is in a nice location and brand new inside. They've done a good job decorating, and have around a dozen TVs around for sports affairs. They've replaced most of the exterior walls with big doors that open wide on a nice day, which made for a nice bright environment, somewhere you'd want to be.As for the bar, they have 36 beers on tap! That's a lot. Finally, and perhaps the most interesting thing about Smaltimore is their market pricing beer scheme, where the prices of beer go up and down based on demand.Smaltimore is good, and they have a few kinks to work out that any new spot would. I welcome them to the neighborhood and will be back.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,12/1/2013,133,540,,8,4>I have been getting my haircut here for the last year.  The staff offers complimentary drinks. Alcoholic and non alcoholic.  Virginia is entertaining in her way and I always enjoy the banter between her and her daughter.  Plus she always finds a way to fit me in the schedule.  The cost is reasonable (I've been charged $10-$20 for a mens haircut).  Plus unlike some of the other places in the same price range, the staff stays the same.  Similarly priced establishments seem to have a rotating door.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/30/2013,181,147,2,3,3>So I been here twice already! Thus, I feel I can say this is the spot for you if you love LEGIT craft beers and a bar/restaurant  to just hang out, eat solid food, or even chill with a tasty beer!Overall, I have had some of the popular beers they brew here: The Resurrection, The Ozzy, Wit Trash, and Stalking Horse. I highly recommend the The Resurrection, since I am fan of brown ales, this is the one for ME! haha!Overall, great spot to hangout, since they even got a small lounge/bar area downstairs, that feels kinda "underground" and gives off a "hole in the wall"dive bar kind of vibe.I may come back again, just to try out the food, and maybe even the bread pudding, which I just saw on their menu recently. But definitely coming back for another beer soon!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/29/2013,149,60,2,2,3>I got a facial done at this salon based off of a eversave deal I purchased. Roshe herself did the facial and she was very friendly and wecloming. I really liked the lay-out of the place, but I was the only person in there. She also offers other make-up services which I am excited to go try. She showed me around and explained the concept and plans for the salon, which is also a school for beauty students. I thought it was a really cool innovative place.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/28/2013,37,64,,4,3>Situated in a corner of a large shopping plaza, Caffe Pronto is (as others have mentioned) a hidden gem in this area. For such a small space, they have ample seating with TONS of outlets at your disposal! No matter where you're sitting, you'll be able to spread out a bit and work as long as you need to. I'm not a fan of wooden benches & chairs but I used my laptop case as a cushion, which worked just fine. They have plenty of breakfast, lunch, and lite cafe fare options, such as breakfast croissants, paninis, cookies, muffins, bagels, coffee cake, lemon bars, etc.I sat tucked in the corner and did work for about four hours. It was a very pleasant working experience, and the place was hopping the entire time I was there! The staff is very friendly. I judge a coffee shop by its chai lattes, and I was NOT at all disappointed! Definitely my favorite now that Q's has closed (see review).
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,11/27/2013,0,34,,3,>Definitely a favorite!One of the best Craft Beer selections in the area ... Currently 28 Taps, plus more selections in bottles & cans.  Chris is always bringing in a rotation of quality draft selections.  You are guaranteed to find something you'll love no matter your preference.They have the BEST Rockfish Tacos I've ever had by far ... also their Burgers,Chicken Quesadilla and Wings (Try the Honey Old Bay!) are fantastic.  Different specials/discounts every night.Five TVs inside and one on the patio to catch all the local sports action.  Two pool tables (inside) and Horseshoes & Corn Hole outside on the patio.  Their outside seating is fantastic and the only bar in the area with such a great place to relax and have some good food & great beer with friends!Check out their new website for menu and current up-to-date Draft Beer selections:severnaparktaphouse.com
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/26/2013,8,82,3,10,4>This is our new favorite place in Baltimore! Not only is it a mere 2 blocks from our house, but it is amazing.The place is small and inviting. You feel like you are no longer in Baltimore. Brooklyn? San Francisco maybe? What a spot. And the food! Everything was delicious We had the the kale salad, malfatti, veal breast, duck parapadelle, and FREE salted caramel pie they offered to everyone in the restaurant (simply because it didn't come out to the chef's perfection). The parpadelle noodles were a bit undercooked, but the duck sauce was so amazing that it didn't matter. The menu is small, but who cares when everything is that good?The staff were friendly, and seemed to genuinely love the food and working there. We'll be back ... as soon as possible.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,11/25/2013,175,115,7,8,8>Pizza or Panini...piZZA or paNiNi??? You will be faced with this delicious dilemma when you come to Isabella's but you can't go wrong with either.  I suggest bringing a friend or two and getting both.I've been reviewing a lot of Bmore pizza places lately and Isabella's has moved to the top of the list for me.  Here's why.The CRUST: crispy, never burnt nor soggy, just the right amount dough to do it's jobThe INGREDIENTS: you can't really go wrong with any of the pizza.  I tried the Margarita, which in my opinion every pizza place should be judged upon.  Also had the King Richard (essentially meat lover's), and Pizza Bianco.  The quality of the fresh ingredients, from the sauces to the seasons, to the cheeses, needs to be highlighted.  Every element of the pizza is what it should be and in the correct proportion.  For a Baltimore pizza joint, it doesn't get better than this.  What moves this place 5 stars worthy is actually the quality of the paninis, I've only tried the SCOOCH so far, but have heard great things about all their sandwiches, which are hefty in size but not in price.  The same quality ingredients found in the pizza are in the paninis.Service/decor: quick quick quick service in a small whole in the wall venue, the best for good pizza.  Waiters and staff and friendly.  We came in later in the evening around closing time and they let us stay for about 30 minutes past closing.Overall: This is a must try classic Italian pizzeria, on par with Di Pasquales and Trinacria markets.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/24/2013,7,138,3,5,4>I ate here last weekend, and it was my first time trying Vietnamese food.  This restaurant is located in a shopping center.  The decorating is sparse and it's very plain inside.The menu was pretty extensive.  There were several pages of menu items, including a lot of things I've never heard of before let alone tried.  I shared two pieces of Bò Lá Nho as an appetizer, which was ground beef wrapped in grape leaves.  The leaves tasted similar to lettuce or cabbage, and the meat was nicely seasoned.  For my entree, I chose the "Triple Delight" (H8 on the menu) which was a huge (HUGE) bowl with chicken, beef, and shrimp with vermicelli.  I thought everything tasted great!  It included three large shrimp with tons of chicken and steak.  The meat was perfectly prepared, and I have to emphasize once again that the portion was very large.  The chicken and beef had a slight sweet taste.  I couldn't quite finish it.  I also tried a piece of my friend's fried squid which also had a good taste.  It was lightly fried and well-prepared.  The service was pretty good as well.I rate it 4 stars since I've never been to another Vietnamese restaurant.  I'm hesitant to declare it "the best."  The prices were very reasonable, and I highly recommend this restaurant even for people who have never had this type of food.  The menu is clear and items are explained in English as well.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,11/23/2013,39,123,,7,5>Fish and chips are something so simple, but are so hard to prepare properly. The simple concept of battering a flaky fish and frying it seems basic, yet so many establishments make such an atrocious mess out of it. Original Fish & Chips prepares this British classic to perfection. The restaurant is very unassuming, sitting in a small quiet strip mall across from a Walmart. As you walk into this small take-away joint you will most likely be greeted by the owner who is usually working the counter or in the back preparing the seafood. There are various kinds of fried seafood on the menu, but trust me on this - just order the fish. For less than $8 you get two beautiful golden brown pieces of cod, with fries and hush puppies. The fish is always piping hot, as each piece is fried to order. As you break through the crispy beer batter, you see the pearly white flaky cod, which is always perfectly cooked. A tad of house made tartar sauce makes for a delicious bite.I haven't had fish and chips in the U.K. but I can't imagine it getting better than this. The fish and chips are incredibly memorable and worth traveling to Middle River for. Original Fish & Chips is a rare find and definitely worth checking out.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/22/2013,90,149,2,6,4>I really stepped out of my food comfort zone on this one folks. I mean really..I am from the south. I saw all these awesome reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try. If you know where Walmart is...it's on your route. (the one in Ellicott City)Well I ordered a Vietnamese Chicken Sub and a Shrimp Salad Roll. So this was my very first experience with this food. The sub roll was on a nice warm piece of fresh ciabatta bread, and was filled with bold veggie flavors of carrots, cucumber, peppers, and cilantro. It was totally unusual for me..but it was good.The Shrimp roll was wrapped in a clear kind of shell...not certain of the name of it, however it seemed healthy. Inside was stuffed with shrimp, lettuce, carrots, and some rice noodles, served with a pretty yummy peanut dip. Overall..the place was super clean and new. I am pretty sure the Owner took my order, and there was a nice little elderly man working the kitchen. They also have coffees, salads, and Smoothies. He told me he did not want it to be primarily Vietnamese, so they do have other stuff.Give it a try..
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/21/2013,38,182,7,7,6>I found it... Howard County's BEST frozen yogurt venue. It pains me to say that considering all the excellent places in town like Yogi pop, TCBY, 16 handles, Sweet Frog and many others. But I must say, after tonight's visit these places just DO NOT touch Yogi Castle.If I remember correctly there were about 14 flavors to choose from. We ordered a large cup with Peanut Butter, Taro, Creme Brulee, and Salted Caramel. They were ALL DELICIOUS. In fact, every flavor we tried was great... from the strawberry, cheesecake, and cake batter to the chocolate, cappuccino and vanilla... nothing was sour... nothing was runny. The consistency and sweetness of the yogurts were just right. The toppings bar had everything but the kitchen sink on it. From coconut jelly to chocolate raspberry cups and marshmallow bars to almond roca, yogurt pretzels and  sliced bananas.. I really couldn't imagine more toppings. It was like a diabetics nightmare. I'm pretty sure I put on a few pounds just making eye contact with the toppings bar. Anyways, I'm fat already so who cares. The employees here were very nice. They were helpful, attentive and respectful. The place was CLEAN too. There were no yogurt patches on the floor or messy toppings from kids. Things were maintained here and I really liked the overall brightness. So there you have it... awesome froyo, next to several good restaurants (Cha Ya, Royal Taj) and there was ample parking to boot. The perfect way to end an evening. Let's just hope I don't get too addicted. It could be dangerous.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,11/20/2013,121,53,1,3,4>Life is all about perspective. Where others would get grumpy that it started raining, I embraced it. Nature is too beautiful!  I was enjoying my hike, it started off going through this really cool bridge that always caught my eye whenever I drove by, so today I decided to actually stop and explore it. I'm so glad I did. As other walkers and runners went by, they greeted me sweetly.  I walked on enjoying how beautiful the trail was and nature is. I got lost finding my way around but didn't mind it. Next thing I know, I'm 2 miles away from my car and it started raining! My first instinct was to run, but then the leaves started to fall and I Just started to laugh. Life is so beautiful!  I'm so happy I went on this trail and got to relax one on one with nature. Ill definitely be going back this week or next to explore more!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,11/19/2013,28,145,,4,3>The cramped front room and bar are deceiving; this place is big so make sure to see the back room. An amazing ambiance envelopes you: refined sea green microfiber armchairs; silky white table clothes; upscale plaid booths accented by cherry wood; perfectly-dim lighting bathes everything in a gold glow; and the right amount of jazz at the right volume. Tables are close but the ambiance feeds off the intimate noise level, young and old couples all over. [Ambiance: 5/5]The hostess was great, 1-2 punching her way through witty jibes about the restaurant and where we'd be sat. After that it got stuffy, our server and attentive--water never empty--but unenlightening, impersonal, and often hiding behind our attempts to finish his descriptions for him.. "cherry and uh.. yes, yes, that's it!" [Service: 4/5]The beer list is awesome. Tap variety includes a dark sour, berliner weisse, porter, pilsner, double ipa, two saisons... variety that rivals most of the better bars in Baltimore. AND they highlight locals, 4 of them from MD. We stuck with cocktails and they're also dynamite: Mirkwood - FSK's "on the rocks" means "ice mountain billowing out of your glass". The amount of actual liquid is small, but flavor is great: herbaceous and refreshing, as the description reads, and with the right kiss of green sweetness from the fruit.Buttercup - Foamy texture works, but oddly flavorless. Hit up Rye for a better pisco drink.Willie's Revenge - Great interplay from the sour beer with honey and light scotch heat, more than expected, though an odd, papery finish.Whiskey Sour - Upon request, without a blink of the eye. They used rail vodka--$8 and our cheapest drink--and it was awesome, biting and acidic with the right amount of burn. The cherry disintegrated in my mouth, would prefer crisper (Rye's does this better too). [Drinks: 4/5]Dinner started with a peach-hazelnut-honey amuse bouche, one bite laid gently in an Asian soup spoon. Delicious. And it summarized the rest of our meal:  - exquisite attention to detail- masterful combinations- beautiful and delicate plating- prep slightly off- If you want volume for your $, go somewhere else. Order a lot or leave hungry.We also had...Bread+ - room temp butter and light salting accents the ultra dense raisin bread.Roasted Beet Salad - roasting beets is the way to go and it's noticeable here. The goat cheese is delicate and appropriately tangy (wished there was more) and the micro-greens bitter enough to balance. The surprise was the red vinegar/reduction to cut the earthiness--if you don't like beets, still give this a try.Egg Yoke Ravioli - ultra savory. The yoke should run more and the ravioli felt tough, but the bacon and mushrooms balanced perfectly. My gf wiped up the jus with her bread. Wish I'd done the same.Foie Gras Torchon - well balanced. The foie is served colder than best but the peaches and hazelnuts take care of all other texture issues. The brioche is incredibly delicate, too much in fact to stand up to the foie. Le Diplomate's with texas toast is still the best I've tried stateside, but this runs third behind DC's Proof.Butter Poached Lobster - ethereal. Lobster cooked perfectly, no rubber, but I'd hoped it'd be richer. Instead, the rhubarb garnish/sauce lifts it, and granola crunch. The whole thing twirls.Pork belly - breakfast. My girlfriend pointed out it is bacon and eggs with a dash of maple syrup. The pork is seared to a crackle--not just "crispy"--on one side, but it is incredible otherwise: perfectly salty, fatty and juicy. I prefer poached eggs that don't wobble--an extra minute would do--but my gf was pleased. [Dinner: 5/5]Believe the FSK hype: Baltimore's most masterfully crafted meal that I've paid for and definitely the most "upscale". Charleston here we come.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/18/2013,31,153,2,4,2>As good as it gets. I have been going to Tattooed Heart for several years and I am always happy to recommend them to anyone! John has drawn and tattooed 3 unique pieces on me and I regularly get compliments on his artwork. Amy did a piece for my arm and it is unique and stunning. The studio is clean and professional and very artistic. Everyone I have met at the studio has been very friendly with a positive attitude. John and Amy have worked with me on budget limitations and I really appreciated that. Tattooed Heart is the only place I will go for tattoos. I cannot say enough good things about this place!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,11/17/2013,133,198,4,4,2>I come down to the Farmer's Market pretty much every Saturday. Is it the best farmers market in the land, no; nor is it the biggest.  But there are definitely some great local veggies you can purchase there and if you need some flowers for whatever occasion there are abundance of those too.  (I purchase sunflowers there pretty much every Saturday.)   But I have to confess that I have a problem, I believe I have a pickle addiction.  It's a problem that has been pointed out to me numerous times. "Justin, its 6:30 in the morning, why are you eating pickles?"  I don't even know I do it, I just reach in the fridge and magically I have a pickle jar in my hand...weird?  So here at the Farmer's Market I found my pickle guy.  I am never going back to Claussen or Vlasic, no no. I found Bmore Bill's Dills. There pickles are awesome.  My favorites are the Old Bay Pickles and The Fiery Garlic. They are unbeatable. I usually get the chips but you can purchase the whole hog pickles if that's your thing. These pickles always have the crunch and spices, lots of spices, that I am looking for in a pickle.  I would like to personally thank Bill's Dills for keeping my addiction strong and growing.My next stop at the Fell's Farmers Market is at the Prigel Family Creamery. The girls at this stand are sweethearts and the ice cream is rich and flavorful, like sucking on a cow's teat. It's pasteurized at a low temperature to keep the integrity and freshness of the milk intact.  They usually don't have too many flavors at the stand however, if you are lucky enough to get to try their Caramel Pretzel ice cream, high five. That salty, sweet, milk deliciousness is awesome.  They have pumpkin ice cream as well but I have yet to locate that flavor in a store.  But if I do, I am going to have to work out harder to keep that weight off. Overall I love the Fell's Point Market because it's small, local and it has some good stuff there if you look carefully.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/16/2013,747,595,,9,5>SP has needed a Pho spot for a while, and this is a very welcomed addition to the neighborhood.Tucked into the Food Lion shopping center (going south it's on your right, vise versa for north) you'll find Life Pho. The interior is welcoming and spacious with a variety of tables throughout the establishment (Though I took my order to go, I will be coming back to dine in).The food itself is on par with most Pho spots; however, the price verse value far exceeds what most locations give / offer. A small shrimp with clear pho ran about $7 and was enough to fill two people up (I can only imagine what a large is like). 4 stars, a great new addition to the area and worth the drive to it.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/15/2013,42,207,,8,3>5 star happy hour.We are not fancy steak people but we had been given a gift certificate for $50 to spend.  Realizing that this would barely make a dent in dinner for 2 at this place we opted for happy hour.  Everything $6.  We found a small table by the bar and staff helped us move the stroller tableside but out of the way of foot traffic.We ordered almost everything from the abridged menu  Calamari was lightly fried, pleasantly spiced.  Beef carpaccio very generous portion.  The real highlight was the burger, where the quality of the beef was apparent, cooked rare perfectly to order, and, with fries, the value impossible to beat.  Husband even went for the 2 blue moons for $6.  We were so stuffed, dessert was impossible, but after having the baked brie, hardly needed it.  We just made it to the $50 mark.  We could never see ourselves independently coming here for dinner but could easily see ourselves coming back for happy hour.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/14/2013,183,700,,10,6>It looks like a new ownership took over Adam's Eve and is hard core transforming this place... and for the better!I've learned that this newish restaurant is bringing back nostalgic Baltimore and creating an atmosphere and grub that reflects that. For example, this place named itself after Chasseur, a famous ship in the War of 1812 that hailed from Fells Point harbor. Some of the dishes offered here also were popular back in the days, like sour beef and dumplings.So food... great! Sour beef and potato dumplings. Surprisingly delicious. It's not sour the way you'd think; it's more sweet. The beef could be a little more tender, but the sauce and flavor was excellent. It tasted even better the next day. Crab mac & cheese. This was a decent mac & cheese concoction. It comes out super hot (temperature-wise) and is laced with siracha sauce. BEST YET, duck fat tots. It was the first time I've ever had these. I've had duck fat fries multiple times, but not even they can compare to it's superior tot version. Trust me. Get these and you won't regret it. It comes with avocado ranch dipping sauce, a perfect complement. Noteworthy highlight. I'm not sure if it's because it was less busy during the time I went here. But either way, service was certainly one of the best I've experienced in Baltimore. Our server was fabulous, and I also found out that she's one of the owners too. Super attentive, energetic, and conversational. She made excellent recommendations and made sure that we were enjoying our time at Chasseur.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,11/13/2013,95,120,2,6,3>How I discovered this place was through word of mouth from my neighbor who always frequent this place when there is a show at the Ottobar, housed in the Remington section of the city between 23rd and Hampden Ave, WC Harlan is a really foxy bar. The reason why I said this because you will not see your typical bar crowd here, no hipsters, no gutter punks or other obnoxious bar patrons. But instead you will see a mixologist crafting the cocktail du joir or all around people just out having a few cocktails,  Another reason why I fell in love with this bar, was the music playing over the loud speakers, it was that 1930's era music, I felt like I was out of an episode of Boardwalk Empire. Now if you are looking for a bar with bright lights, alot of television screens with sports on every channel, well this is not the place for you. Instead you will find a chalkboard with all the drink specials written out including the cocktail du joir which changes every single day, oh and there is never a beer shortage here like you would find at a typical sports bar . You will also find the decor rather different, there is no sports memorabilia on the walls, instead you will find collectibles like an old fashioned sewing machine and cash registers.  WC Harlan is what I call a real adult bar, where you can appreciate a good drink from a classic manhattan to a good ol side car. WC Harlan has found a fan in me :)!!!!!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,11/12/2013,102,155,,11,4>Finally! Singaporean/Malaysian food north of the beltway!!!Pardon this long review but I'm just listing some of the dishes I've tried and describing them in case you try them for the first time and don't know what to get.satay tofu-Yum, they do tofu really well here. The texture and absorbency levels are wonderful. I think they had a house chili sauce too, which gives it a nice kick. Great house chili that reminds me of Singapore.bak ku teh-I liked this pork rib/herbal tea soup, which is popular in Singapore. It did taste quite good and "homey" but I personally don't like how there were huge pieces of weird looking pork parts in the soup. I mean, it gives it an authentic feel, and I know some more authentic Chinese people will appreciate it :) but if you're not cool about weird meats--you might want to ask them to go easy on that. Or just order something else.mee goreng-Think of it as a Malaysian chow mein. It's like a signature dish. The taste was very nice and it was loaded with veggies and meat. One of my better choices.thai green curry-this was quite good and not as pungent as other green curries I've had. A mix of veggies and meat that came in a stone bowl kari sayur-this was one of the best dishes I like so far; tons of veggies and the tofu is superior. I don't know what it is, but it absorbed the sauce really well. I just think the sauce could've been spicier, but I'm guessing they erred on the side of less spicy. Sriracha was my friend. kari mee soup-it came with egg noodles, about 4 shrimp, and several pieces of white meat chicken. The chicken was not the best, but doable. The shrimp is mostly deveined which I appreciate. But that was all it had--no veggies! It would've been much better to get some veggies in there; like where was the fried onions and scallions, yo?roti telur-this was a pancake with some onions and egg in the center; you dip it in a chicken and potato curry--I liked it and may get it again.chow kway teo - kind of like pad thai but a bit fishier in taste, I got about 4-8 medium shrimps and some squid pieces; their rice noodles were pretty neat, of differing textures. Had too much of a "tired wok" undertone to it though, if you know what I mean. Like it had all these flavors, some of which may be from other dishes I suspected? I will be coming back for more until I try all the Singapore/Malaysian menu items (there's quite a few, appetizers, soups, entrees, etc) and I will update this review. The prices are quite decent for the amount you get. Nice presentation. Ambiance is nice, quiet and obscure! Service is ok, it looks like two teenage boys are waiting/cashiering, but seriously, whatever. As long as the food is good. They need to stick w/ the name, Penang Star, and run with it.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,11/11/2013,71,270,1,2,1>I had a lovely dinner date with a girlfriend at Live2Eat last night. It was raining, so the courtyard was unfortunately out of the question, but it's adorable (just like it was when this place was The Bicycle). Our waiter, Mike, was patient and just attentive enough. He could sense that we clearly had a lot of gabbing to do. Since we came in during happy hour, we were able to order $5 glasses of wine- and they were quality. I had the Malbec and my friend had the Pinot Grigio and both were clearly not the standard cheap happy hour wines that are so commonplace. Mike was nice enough to clue us in when happy hour was about to end so that we could order a second glass each for $5. We started with the risotto balls which were a more generous portion than I was expecting for an appetizer. They were tasty, but I wouldn't say 'amazing.' I would say that the one misstep of the night was that we were brought the (delicious) bread and butter after we received our appetizer. If I had known that we were getting bread (which typically comes right away) I might have opted for something less carb-y for the appetizer. Things really started to get fun with the watermelon arugula salad. It was so fresh and the huge chunks of watermelon was insanely juicy. It paired perfectly with the crumbling of feta and slivered almonds. The highlight was definitely the entree: BBQ salmon with spinach, corn, mashed potato, and topped with onion rings. All of the flavors complimented each other; I started to try to get a little bit of each component in every bite. The salmon was cooked to perfection in a way that I can never achieve at home. I would *definitely* order this again. Maybe tomorrow. Desert was a flourless chocolate cake with strawberries. I would have liked a bigger piece :)
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/10/2013,101,151,5,7,6>I'm not a breakfast person and First Watch has me wanting to go back for more!The hostess sat our group of 5 immediately on a busy Saturday morning and our waitress was there to take drink orders within minutes. I ordered a cup of coffee, they brought me a whole 4-cup pitcher. They're fueling my addiction!The hash. They have several "flavors" of which I chose the farmhouse chicken hash (grilled chicken,onions, red peppers, zucchini, cheddar and scrambled eggs over roasted potatoes, topped with pesto hollandaise). If breakfast was like this all the time, I'd eat it more often. Great service, tasty food, and close to the climbing gym we frequent means that First Watch will become our go-to post climbing feast spot.If this place can get a thumbs up from me and 4 hungry college boys, I'd say it's worth your time.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,11/9/2013,184,163,2,7,4>As a big fan of the original Samos, I was pretty excited that they were opening a "fast food" type joint in the new Canton Crossing. We were in the mood for something healthy but filling, and it was beautiful outside so we wanted outdoor seating. BOOM! Samos Greek Island Grill delivered. We shared the greek fries which were awesome, but you definitely want a fork to be able to grab some fresh herbed feta with the fries (otherwise it just falls off). I had a chicken pita wrap which was amazingly moist for chicken breast. The toppings were plentiful and everything tasted fresh. Also, I noticed that their menu items range from $3.95 to a kabob/skewer to about $16 for a seafood platter. The menu is simple but still has a lot of variety and the fresh flavors are definitely a win!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,11/8/2013,61,215,2,9,4>We visited Shoo-fly Diner for its opening night, being big fans of Woodberry Kitchen and Artifact Coffee. It lived up to expectations, even in its first dinner service! We'll definitely be back to try other dishes, as the menu manages to be wide-ranging even though it doesn't look super long.To share:Arkansas Truffles with fish pepper ranch (fried pickles)Side of friesHis plate:Shoofly burger"$1000 Apple Pie" a la mode with Brown Butter Peach SorbetHer plate:Hillbilly Surfboard with Asian Pear, Apple-Butter, Butter (waffle with pecans)Dish of Soft-Serve swirl - apple cider and salted carmel flavorsThe fried pickles were delicious - so much more flavor (obviously) than the frozen ones we're used to having. Not too salty, not greasy, and very tangy.The fries and burger are as they are when on the menu at Woodberry or Artifact  - D's favorite in the city, and we're happy to have the option to get them here, with more accessible hours.The waffle was delicious - not piping hot when it arrived, but that was definitely just a first-night timing thing. The balance of flavors between the pecans in the batter, the asian pear, and the right amount of apple butter was excellent - a great dish, and not an overwhelming size portion. The sausage was a great side - salty and not overly sweet, and very fresh.We had to order dessert, of course - and there were a lot of great options available. I tried a swirl of the two soft serve flavors, and the portion is exactly what size I want in ice cream. Others may disagree, but I don't want a huge bowl after a big meal, so this was excellent. The salted carmel was perfect, and the apple cider was mild and tangy - not a huge flavor, but a really nice subtle one.D's apple pie disappeared quickly, but he particularly liked the combination with the sorbet, which had a whole lot of peach flavor packed into it. I'm a bit of a peach dessert fanatic, and it's refreshing to have another one that's delicious and non-chemically.We also had iced tea - and this is real black tea, iced - lots of flavor and not watered down. It's not a huge thing, but it's a great detail.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/7/2013,266,311,2,6,5>Never knew this place existed.... What an absolutely gorgeous place to have a wedding! It's located in Hunt Valley not too far off of Padonia Road, in a shopping center! I guess I wasn't expecting it to be what it was based on its location, with a name like Mansion I was expecting it to be off by itself. Either way once inside, just gorgeous! The wedding was held in one room which was nice in size, I guess about a hundred or so people could fit easily. The reception was held in a banquet hall a couple of doors down. The food was amazing, the wait staff were attentive.  I loved every minute of it.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,11/6/2013,85,225,3,3,3>I love these cupcakes so much!! Just had the blackbottom cupcake today from On the Hill Cafe. Normally I stick to red velvet, which I thought was my absolutely favorite flavor, but decided to branch out. For those of you who are as ignorant as I was, a blackbottom cupcake is chocolate cake and cheesecake combined... Hashtag mindblown... I know where I'm going to order from the next time I need an order of delicious cupcakes.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/5/2013,92,403,5,8,4>LOVE this place!  It's a little small, but they've done a great job on the interior and made the best use of the space they have.  And they do have outdoor seating when it's not too cold.  In the center of the dining room is a long high-top table where you can sit with a large group or several strangers and get to know one another, and it's all good.   On this particular occasion, I was meeting a friend who was coming from Rockville.  I'd told him it would take longer than he thought, but did he listen?  Of course not!  So I got there much earlier than he did, and Courtney and Erin took good care of me, keeping me company while I waited for him.  And of course, they gave him a round of applause when he finally did show up!   The staff are super-friendly, make great recommendations, and you can tell they really know their regulars, which is a HUGE plus for me.   As for the food and drinks, order anything, you wont' be disappointed.  I had the Satay, tender chicken, and the peanut sauce had just the right amount of spice...and the cucumber relish....delicious!   And Courtney's drink was AMAZING!   I honestly can't remember the name, but it was some kind of hard lemonade that was perfect.  The Pad Thai was a decent price, $11.95 for a dinner portion, and had nice big pieces of chicken and lots of peanut, just the way I like it.  So basically, if you love Thai food and find yourself in Annapolis, check this place out.  And ask for Courtney or Erin....they're rock stars!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/4/2013,49,161,4,5,5>Open late, salted caramel, homemade waffle cones, what else do you need to know?It's always nice to have choices, especially as far as ice cream is concerned. I visited on a Saturday night around 9. I drove by hoping that they were still open..and they were. I could smell the sugar when I opened the door, and I immediately knew that I was in the right place. A tad crowded, I waited patiently and tried to make up my mind before my turn arrived. As I waited, the lights flickered off and on. Once on again, the whole store belted out Happy Birthday to a woman seated at one of the tables who was enjoying a sundae. Still indecisive once I reached the counter, the young lady at the counter let me taste every flavor. I ended up with a scoop of cheesecake and a scoop of salty caramel in a waffle cone. When she handed me the towering cone, she warned me that the cone was cracked. "I hope that's ok," she said. As I turned the cone upside down into a bowl, hoping to save it for later, I thought that a lil ole crack wouldn't hurt. However, when I got home and attempted to make a pig of myself, the whole cone broke in half and a good portion of my ice cream was on my new sofa. I didn't realize that good ice cream was so heavy. While I was contemplating licking it up, my dog beat my to it. So, at least he was happy. Thank goodness I sprung for the stain guard.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/3/2013,122,108,2,3,4>I came here on the way to the gym and it was not on my itinerary for the day but neither was visiting my bartender friend at the bar after the gym either. I thought to myself.. "There is no way I can go out in public with my nails tore up like this!"  I typically do my own nails due to the fact I do not have spare time to go out to make an appt so this was a treat and I had seen this nail spot on Yelp.. Bookmarked it to save for later. I walk into  a little Ice Wonderland in terms of decor. Not a lot of busy colors on walls except for the beautiful display of the rainbow of nail polishes on the wall. They specifically only carry high-end polishes of the brand 'Essie' and 'Opi'. Everything was in order and impeccably clean. The walls are adorned with crystal hardware on the walls, in their mirror portraits and hanging lighting fixtures with muted grey, silver, and white.. With an iridescence to it all. I especially love how the nails stations are not cluttered with unnecessary items (ie. fake nails on sticks with nail art samples).  I can't remember my manicurists name but she was this cute mixed girl with adorned with freckles and a very bubbly personality on an early Sat evening. Before I was sat down a few mins later after my arrival.. I was happily guided out to the wall of gorgeousness of colors to choose from. I picked 'Wild Thing' by Essie.. I was giddy.. Yay me. My manicurist kept me entertained with questions about myself and a little bit about her.. Shared a handful of laughs together. I was pampered and she insisted that I not leave until I was perfectly happy with my manicure service ($18 and cash only for tips). The owner kindly came over a few times to ask me how I heard about their place and made some small talk. I left very happy and with a bottle of water given to me to make up for all the talking I did. I will be back for a manicure and pedicure next time. A treat indeed! Amazing find in this fairly new strip mall.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/1/2013,187,290,2,5,3>I was fiending for a falafel, but I wasn't about to drive to my favorite place in DC. After google searching, Gourmet Shish Kebab came up. Since the outside didn't look appealing, I never thought to stop here. I placed an ordered over the phone, and the person was quite plesant. When I entered the place, I noticed that the set-up was basic... nothing major. There is a glass case that has the various sides and kababs. As much as I love channa, I opted for the falafel wrap. The falafels (which are perfectly seasoned and cooked) are served in a warm naan, with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, feta, cucumbers, and a nice sauce.  Althought I have visited here over 5 times, I ALWAYS get a falafel wrap. The other dishes look and smell good, but my true addiction is the falafel wraps. They are the BEST that I've had.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,10/31/2013,65,59,,7,5>Common Ground is the shiznit on The Avenue in Hampden.  I was recently introduced to this oasis of Peanut Butter-Mocha-Banana-Chai smoothies by my boyfriend. Weve been getting these decadent smoothies on a regular basis, and on these hot summer days when I dont have them, I find myself fantasizing about their perfect blend of iciness laced with rich peanut butter and mocha and accented with spicy chai tea. OMG I need one!!!  Their berry muffins also rock my world - and the staff are charming these days as well :)
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/30/2013,30,81,2,3,3>This place got me in the halloween spirit in a big way. Love their decorations, the smell of the flowers. I am REALLY looking forward to the Christmas displays which I hear are fabulous! Also check out the haunted tunnel they have set up for free. You could spend an hour or two here then have lunch at the Amish Market next door.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/29/2013,108,80,2,5,3>Just popped by today and was extremely pleased by the service. The staff was super friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I had a coupon and gift card from five years ago (lol) and was pleasantly surprised to find out both still worked. Got an awesome pen set and some misc. art supplies with it. The staff helped me find everything I was looking for. AND I loved the 6"x6" community art exchange/project thingy. So basically if you make two small 6x6 pieces of artwork, you can take one made by another artist for free. And they hang all the art on the wall, no matter the skill level of the artist. Just a really cool project/promotion.I will DEFINITELY be back here! So happy with this find!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/28/2013,11,125,2,3,3>This place was really cute. The employees were nice and the place was clean. Ordering was easy - I had pot roast and a slice of pizza. Husband had the cheese steak and crab bread. The pot roast was very well cooked. The only change I'd make is next time to order the mashed potatoes on the side as I'm not a fan of them being soaked by the pot roast juice. But it was SO GOOD! And I was able to order the pizza by the slice. The dough was really good and if I had had room left I would have ordered another. I almost forgot to mention that my pot roast came with a piece of cornbread. It was cakelike and yummy. Husband enjoyed both his cheese steak and crab bread! We will be back. We would like to try their breakfast next time. Oh and the price was good - Drinks included it was less than $30.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,10/27/2013,53,917,2,2,3>The store is elegant and classy (pretty in pastels); it's fantastic that they do have French Macarons!, a hard to find sweet any where in the world and so glad that I don't have to worry about buying them online; I could just go here. But there are problems: Staffs don't know where they are located and can't tell directions; staffs were friendly but not to be trusted; I say they could bake but I don't know about the believability factor in my experience that I can go on details. Anyways, the macarons are super goody as for every bit of bite, I feel like I'm in heaven or should be heaven! I bought 12 pieces for $20 and I could eat them in one sitting but I won't do it because they are small and wanting to savor every bit of it in every moment of every bite I take. And there are other pastries that you can truly enjoyed looking and eating such as beautiful and delicious cupcakes, specialty croissants, bit size pretty squared cake and pop cakes in different flavors, lovely lemon bars, cookies, and so much more. If you have been in Paris and love Paris, if you can't afford to go back to Paris or you never been in Paris or you are dreaming of Paris, sweetheart, it's time to wake and ditch your narrow minds and go try SW Pastisserie; you won't regret it because I know the world. You'll celebrate and cherish it even if you are only physically in Annapolis and maybe, someday you'll wake up in Paris with good manner.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/26/2013,92,83,2,4,3>I had the pleasure of trying out Sultan at The Gathering at Greenspring Station.  I really enjoyed my meal!  So much so, that I didn't try any of the other food trucks because I was so full.  Next time I will have a better plan of attack, but at least I had a delicious meal!I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and a samosa.  The samosa was hot, fresh, and the crust was perfectly crisp.  There was a slight bit of sweet sauce drizzled over it, which gave it an extra kick of flavor without making it soggy.  Yum.  Now I want one....The presentation of the Chicken Tikka Masala was different from what I'm used to, but I liked it!  The chicken and sauce was poured over basmati rice as usual, but THEN there was another sauce (it was light green) poured on top of that.  The combination of those two sauces was so good.  There was also a small side salad in the container, and then the whole thing was topped off with two pieces of naan.I knocked off one star because the dish could have used a few more pieces of chicken, and I also did not like the way the naan tasted.  I don't know if it was me, but it tasted the charred-ness from whatever was on the grill, not the slightest bit bready.  Again, that's just what I'm used to and I like for the naan to taste more bread-like.All in all, I am a fan of Sultan Tandoor, and even though they don't stop close to my work place, you best believe I will drive to wherever they're stationed to get some delicious lunch!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,10/25/2013,87,79,1,6,5>Like a home away from home! Great mix of music and artists, as well as incredible drink specials, friendly staff, and accessibility. I've had the pleasure of discovering tons of amazing new acts as well as hearing some Baltimore mainstays.I love attending locally produced activities like Expert of Nothing - a comedy game show on the last Sunday of every month, Mondo Baltimore - a free movie night where you'll be exposed to an amazing array of movies with lots of Baltimore's local film makers, and Dr. Sketchy - a live drawing event with burlesque dancers as the models and performers. Basically this place is the hub of Baltimore's cultural Rennaisance.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/24/2013,46,243,3,3,3>Yummy in my tummy, on two occasions i have ordered take out from Ebenezer on my way back from work. On both occasions they have been yummy in my tummy. From the lamb tibs which i ordered the first time, to the awaze tibs on my subsequent visit, delicious. Can't wait to try their doro wot which one lady said they only serve on Sunday. Yum.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/23/2013,157,175,,5,4>What a fun way to spend your Saturday mornings! This farmers market is a weekend staple in my life. It's not big but expect a lot of "traffic" getting in. Bring your bags and get to shopping! From fresh produce to candles to jewelry there are plenty of things to get at this market. The prices are spot on as well as the selection! I like to try different things from different farmers but everything I've had is great! There are a couple of Organic farmers that show up that I like to splurge on as well as a farm that sells eggs, pork and grass fed beef! I wish the meat selection was a little larger because when they sell out, they sell out!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/22/2013,334,725,5,10,5>Massage Art is a little studio that recently opened up in a residential high-rise. You'll want to find street parking if possible or ask about guest parking when making your appt. They'll stop you on Floor 7 to make sure you belong in the building. The older lady Pearl that works at the front desk is so cute. This is such a convenient place near Towson Mall and you can't compare it to a place with sauna glitz or spa glam but who cares about that stuff if you're focused on an awesome massage. I don't usually request a male massage therapist but I heard about Art from a referral and was not disappointed. I would say this was actually in the top 2 massages that I've ever had. He is very intuitive and good about reminding you that this is your time and to ask for more or less pressure. The main room has two massage tables for a couples massage and then a single table in the side room. He explained what he was going to do and then let me get settled. I don't know which essential oil I picked but I need to go sniff all the bottles in the store until I find it because it was really soothing. Be sure to ask for...- Minimum 90 minutes: 1 hr is too short. Even 1 1/2 hrs went by too fast and I wished it were 2 hrs. I wanted to stay and just continue my nap.- Hot Neck Pillow:  Blissful and I love the smell of those things- Body Wrap: Thought it was going to be full body but it was more like a heating pad filled with the buckwheat or flax that lays on your back area. So cozy and comforting- Hot Towels: On your feet and on your face like they do when getting a facial!- Hot Stones: I thought it was going to be too hot but nice on my shouldersI opted for a more relaxing massage cause I'm a wuss when it comes to pressure. I loved the facial/sinus/pressure point work. Art used to work at other massage places and I'm happy to see him start his small business as he ventures out on his own. In our high-stress and fast-paced world, a massage is essential to maintaining good health and balance. I wish I could afford a massage every week.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,10/21/2013,55,370,,6,3>Just a few days ago I was in Los Angeles at an amazingly good hole-in-the-wall Armenian restaurant, complaining loudly about the lack of Armenian restaurants in my hometown. So it was a shock to stop by Nora's Kabob for directions and discover that, not only do they make fabulous Middle Eastern food, but they are also Armenian owned and operated! I was ridiculously excited about this. There are subtle but important differences between Middle Eastern food made by an Afghan / Pakistani chef, one from Syria, one from Israel, etc. Armenian just happens to be my favorite.The place is small, but nicely furnished and modern, with a large bar where you can see and choose your toppings. I was there at lunchtime, so the girl at the counter explained their lunch special: kabob or falafel over rice or salad, plus grilled vegetables, pita and a choice of two sides (hummus, dolma, eggplant and a few others) -- all for $9. They could barely close the styrofoam container, it was so packed!Once home, I unloaded my things and dug in. The falafels were small, but lighter and fluffier than I've had around here. Still not quite the falafel of my dreams, but close -- and with a strong cumin / parsley flavor that I loved. The salad was classically Greek, with chopped Romaine, feta, Kalamata olives, cucumber, ripe (!) tomato and red onion, served with a side of garlicky vinaigrette. The dolma were also quite Greek, rice and seasonings only, and the hummus' terra-cotta color and sweet notes alluded to a red-pepper accent. It was a fantastic lunch, one I can't wait to repeat.Bonus: they sell Armenian wine to go. Not sure if you can drink it there, too, but I plan to try when I go back for some of their koobideh kebabs . . .
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/20/2013,138,111,2,5,3>If you like lox on a bagel this place is your heaven.... if you have never had lox on a bagel, yet you enjoy sushi, I highly highly recommend this place to be your first lox experience, and trust me you will never look back! Don't be discouraged when walking into this place, its a bit shabby inside, but make sure you glue your eyeballs onto the long black chalkboard that has all of their different types on lox listed... yes they have more than one, they are marinated differently, spiced, smoked, you name it they have it.My favorite is the Balti-Style... I also love the Norwegian one too. The bagels here are smaller than most and not chewy at all, they are best for lox... I do not recommend taking a dozen home or anything because they do get hard quick. Breakfast sandwiches are awesome!!! Be aware though that their sausage is not a breakfast sausage, it is like a kelbasa or something, however I still get a sausage, egg and cheese on a bagel every once in a while, its delicious!If you want coffee do yourself a favor and walk down the sidewalk to Atwater's to get the BEST coffee you will ever have in your life. Greg's Bagels is owned by... Greg.... you can point him out because he has a painting of him and him and his kids hanging on the wall. His wife is usually working the register and is the sweetest lady you will ever meet in your life. CASH ONLY!!!!   Be aware that this place does not accept credit cards, they are very dated in this aspect. I used to come here once a week at least and they got to know me a bit and every once in a while they would give me my food and tell them to pay them later.... who does that? I of course would pay them back the next day, but it just goes to show that these are genuine people.Highly recommended!!!! Take the drive out here! Don't miss out on the best lox in Baltimore!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/19/2013,31,109,4,9,6>This is by far my favorite place to get a drink on Main Street. I love how they're always trying to keep the place fresh by trying new menus, adding interesting local art, and NEW OUTDOOR SEATING!The patio overlooks Main St and its so cute.Some may think this spot is small but I prefer to call it intimate. This may sound contradictory but the size keeps it from being overcrowded. I really just like the vibe here and its a great place for a date.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,10/18/2013,25,142,3,4,3>Don't tell my boyfriend I secretly like this place! I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food so I never suggest we get it, but this is a really solid place to get Chinese takeout. The food here is hot and fresh and the portions are massive! I'm a boring shrimp lo mein kind of girl and the shrimp lo mein here is delicious. The egg rolls are also an excellent choice! Most importantly, you won't have to wait long at all for your order to be ready. Who knows.. maybe I'll venture out of my comfort zone and order something new next time! If you really want to get hooked on this place, try the fried donuts. These are not your standard Chinese buffet fried donuts. These fried donuts are game changers. They're hot, fresh, fluffy and sweet. Seriously sinful in the best way! Unfortunately (or fortunately, I'm not sure yet), they only come in a large order, so you might want to share with one or two people.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,10/17/2013,16,119,2,5,3>Been here several times. Located on york road at the bottom of a hill, this place has lots of outdoor and indoor seating with a laid back vibe. You order first then grab a seat but your food always tends to be ready within minutes. -smokehouse brisket sandwich - brisket is tender and juicy with a distinct smoky flavor. actually, the meat is so juicy it tends to soak the bread so get a fork and knife. my favorite thing on the menu.-cornbread - of all the sides, their cornbread is pretty awesome. The mac'n'cheese is like a soup so I'd avoid it.-lemonade/apple cider - I think they make their own lemonade and apple cider and it is hands down amazing. I could drink gallons of this stuff. I can't put my finger on what makes it different...but I look forward to getting these drinks as much as the bbq when I come here. Overall, this is a one of the most authentic bbq joints in baltimore. It has that cozy, homemade feeling like you're out on the farm. On a warm summer day, eating bbq outside at andy nelson's and drinking a tall cup of their lemonade is high on my list of things to do.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,10/16/2013,73,124,4,2,4>Townhouse! Is just what my belly needed. So here's the deal, I'm out and about I just recently left a $$$ restaurant. After dropping a significant amount of $$$ at this upscale restaurant was I STILL HUNGRY?!  Yes,Yes I was.  Townhouse was a short drive away I wanted to check this place out for sometime and so the opportunity presented itself. The setup: Walking into Townhouse you get that minimalistic lofty warehouse industrial vibe...cute I like it! The cool art work the dark leather high bar chairs the exposed duct work. I'm feelin it, fun space to eat drink and be merry. The meat and potatoes: Important stuffSo we sit at the bar and Gus is working that night. He was fantastic I ordered a " Toasted Almond" my favorite drink hands down. It was perfection so good that I ended up having 4. He gave us the run down of the menu and what he recommended. I ordered the footlong grilled cheese sandwich. LISTEN you have not had a grilled cheeses quite like this. Toasted (I think) chibata bread, different cheeses ,thick slab cuts of bacon and a side order of house fries. I swear they sprinkled angel dust on the fries because they were heavenly. I devoured the fries,four Toasted Almonds and half the sandwich. The bartender and my dinner date both looked at me like where does it all go. Don't forget I just had a 3 course meal with wine at Ché $$$ restaurant, but hey there is nothing like comfort foods to fill the belly and make the soul happy. Moral of this story:My dinner date said to me, I could have saved all that mullah and just brought you here, who knew $60 bucks would have made you happy. I like the finer things, but sometimes it's not in how much you spend.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/15/2013,40,119,4,10,5>Honey pig is the regular place either at normal hours or drunk food hours. I prefer the latter. It's much easier to come here with someone that is well versed with Korean food otherwise you'll end up just ordering the same thing everytime and where's the fun in that?When you first get seated you get some side dishes: kimchi, lettuce, etc. I usually snack on these until the real stuff comes out. The food itself is kind of expensive but All Korean BBQ places are gonna be around that price range. I would recommend going with a medium sized group, order 3-4 entrees and split it all.definitely a family style setting as you are seated around the grill. also be patient an wait for the food to cook! I know it look so yummy but there is no reason to risk that chance of getting salmonella!I've heard that there are several locations of this place all around the DMV. This one particularly is located a little off in a plaza off of 40 so make sure to keep an eye out! It wouldn't hurt for more of the staff to speak some English! Will make the non Koreans feel a little less out of place. Oh also something worth mentioning, there have been numerous times living social has made a deal for this place. 1) make sure you don't miss you! 2) present it at the beginning as I've had some problems in the past.AND DO NOT FORGET THE BULGOGI!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,10/14/2013,134,129,3,7,4>This was my first Gathering but sure won't be my last! This one was a small Gathering according to my family who join me. Regardless of size I had a ball! Where can you give back to your community, enjoy great drinks, and try amazing food from specialty food trucks?! I kno The Gathering!The Gathering location was at the new Metro Crossing Apts in Owings Mills. The apartment are located above many retail stores and headquarters. They are across the street from new CCBC Owings Mills Library. Nice layout on the campus. The Food Trucks at this particular Gathering was:IcedgemsBistro LunchboxCrusin CafeThe SultanFour BrothersGrrcheGypsy QueenFrom Bistro Lunchbox, I had a their Autumn Salmon Wrap which consisted of many fruits and baby spinch. It was so yummy!! Easy to eat!Crusin cafe has down has the best crab fries ever!! I will never have crab fries unless they are from there!Icedgems ran out of a lot of my fav cupcakes :( but I did like their chocolate peanut butter cupcake and their orange chocolate cake truffles!Also tried their fall punch which was a little watered and orange crush both drinks was $6 each. If you are a heavy drinker go online a buy their bracelet for $15 unlimited drinks. The live R&B music was great..I loved how the did many of the songs on the radio now. Some tips I have are to come early! Many of the waits at the food trucks could be 45mins that is not including the wait for your food! Lol Bring your own napkins!! Bring cash most food range from $9-15.Cherry on the cake of this event was there was a Baltimore Raven Player among us! Go Ravens!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,10/13/2013,145,325,1,7,5>The Ellicott City location of Shilla Bakery has finally opened!  Shilla is a Korean bakery that already has several very popular and successful stores in Virginia and Maryland.  It seems logical that a location would open up in Ellicott City, given its demographics.To be honest, Shilla doesn't look like much from the outside.  It is in a nondescript strip mall nestled in between a Jimmy John's and a liquor store.  However, the store is much bigger on the inside than you would expect.  It is warm and inviting with many tables, making it a great place for a coffee date.  Obviously, there is a lot of baked goods here.  I imagine that if you were unfamiliar with these types of pastries, you'd be a little overwhelmed.  It appears that Shilla took that into consideration as when I went, there were little samples next to a good amount of their products.  However, if you don't know what to expect, a broad generalization is that Korean pastries tend to be less sweet (compared to American style ones).  There's cakes too.. but be prepared to pay a pretty penny for those.There is also a pretty robust drink menu.  You can order your typical coffee drinks (made with Illy coffee) here... but you also can get bubble tea (boba).  I ordered the taro boba and while it's probably one of the better ones you can get in the area, I felt it was too sweet.  It's good at first... but becomes difficult to finish.  If you're more adventurous, you can try some of the more Korean-ized drinks, which range from sweet teas to a sweet potato latte. Shilla is also well-known for their bing soo, a Korean dessert that consists of shaved ice, ice cream, and various toppings.  I didn't order it when I went, but many people did.  Anyways, when I went, it was quite busy (probably because people were curious and excited).  The servers were still learning the ropes and some items were not yet available (breakfast food and the aforementioned sweet potato latte for example).  I didn't care too much as the place just opened yesterday and it should be expected that there are a few kinks to work out. Regardless, the employees were all friendly and nice.  Food and drink were good and parking was ample.  Again, it'd be a great place to catch up over coffee.  It'd probably not be a good place to study as it can get a little noisy and there are no outlets for computers.Overall, it's another nice addition to Ellicott City.  I can see it becoming another popular hang-out spot.  Yay!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,10/12/2013,57,120,6,12,7>There is a new Pit Beef Master in town and Bonfire Outdoor Charcoal Grill is their name!  I took a different route to work this morning and noticed a new "Pit Beef" sign along the way.  My immediate plan was to return for lunch!Very cute and clean restaurant with both indoor and outdoor seating.  Ample parking in front and along the side.A great variety of menu items including BBQ chicken and ribs, sandwiches, salads....and last but certainly not least - the PIT MEATS - Beef, Turkey, Ham. Good variety of sides to pick from including coleslaw, mashed potatoes, baked beans, collard greens, and roasted vegetable medley (I'm sure I've forgotten a few).The sandwiches were terrific.  I had the pit beef on kaiser roll.  The meat was tender but cooked very nicely, the roll was soft but sturdy enough to stand up to the sandwich.  Collard greens and coleslaw = YUM!Don't sleep on this one.  Just go.They also serve breakfast 7 - 10 AM seven days a week.  Currently BYOB.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/11/2013,141,120,3,14,7>I'm late writing this but it needs to be said and shared THIS IS THE BEST PLACE TO HAVE SPA TREATMENTS!!!Irene and her husband treat you like family.  While you read and sign your forms you are offered cucumber and ginger water.  The decor is very relaxing and sets the tone.     You are put in a room to get undress to put on robe.  They provide a bag for all your items as well.  I did a package that included a massage, body scrub / Vichy shower, and body wrap.  Every treatment was yelp awesome.  What I really like was they asked you before just doing it. (is this alright, you feel ok) The body wrap was serious. The massage made me feel like a loose noodle.  My favorite was the Vichy shower after you get over the shocked of being scrubbed and washed by an adult...you begin to feel entitled to the finer things in life and you should never have to do the task yourself.  You must treat yourself to the Vichy shower.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/10/2013,27,113,3,5,4>Boy what a nice place. A very chill atmosphere. Good buns and coffee at very reasonable prices. Free WiFi. I could live here. The selection of buns changes throughout the day. There are sweet buns and savory buns and meat buns and vegetarian buns. And all these different buns are delicious. The iced coffee is to die for. Espresso plus some drip coffee over ice with sweetened condensed milk. Want to get in the car and buy some just writing this review. I don't think anyone would not enjoy spending some time and eating here.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/9/2013,93,199,4,5,1>There couldn't be a closer restaurant to my work unless it was in my building. As soon as I step outside, Hot Mustard stares me in the face. How can I avoid it? I can't. The food is too good and the location is too close. I stick to the triple chicken combos (bulgogi, teriyaki or bi bim bop served with double meat, a fountain soda and choice of cookie or an orange...I always choose the cookie) for less than $8 including tax. The portion of food that you get is insane and would be enough for two normal people to share. However, I am not normal. I am a hungry pregnant woman and this meal is very large and very satisfying. By the time I get to the last few bites I am questioning whether or not I should have eaten the whole thing, but it is too late. I have only tried the teriyaki and the bi bim bop, but both are excellent. I choose the bi bim bop over the teriyaki though. I just prefer the taste of the fresh vegetables over the steamed. I have heard the Korean tacos are excellent, but I can't seem to pull away from that triple chicken combo deal. Service is friendly and fast. My orders never take more than five minutes unless there are a lot of people waiting and even so, the kitchen staff works pretty quickly. One note: this is not a sit down restaurant; it is take out only.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,10/8/2013,74,176,4,4,3>Dear Yelpers!!!!!Get here as quick as you can... oh wait dont get here as quick as you can ( I dont want to share this gem) Nothing ... I cant complain about anything!!  Well one thing.. but I will touch that later. But seriously.. perfect spot to hang out. Great bartenders, great drinks, great food, nice clean place. Prices are super! And recieve a 20% off your first plate with your first check in through yelp. I ordered the gaucamole and chip! Whatttttt fresh gauc and freshly made in house pita chips!! yes! What!! My happy hour company ordered the bbq wings and they were 100% on point! Then I had the special steak fajitas. Super fresh tasting everything was great. My cousin had the crab dip. She says is was some of the best she has had. Now on to the drinks... I had Passion Tea and a mojito. They were both perfect. The mint in the mojito was sssssssssssssssssssssooooooooo fresh. Yummy the bartender says they grow it. My cousin had a spiked lemonade, I had a taste of it and it was really good! Come here..apparently they have Karoke. Here's the problem!! Its kinda hidden. Its attached to the Downtown Merritt Club. So you either have to go through the gym doors or come in the door of the deck and come through the back hallway. This is seriously a hidden gem.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,10/7/2013,21,61,3,5,2>When friends inquired about the best place to get Thai around the harbor, my answer used to be 'don't bother'... until this place opened. There's nothing fancy about the interior, and nothing striking about about the corner it sits on. But when you take a bite of your favorite Thai standby, you start wishing the inside was dingier and the corner more like the entrance to diagon alley (selfish, I know).What we ordered:Summer Rolls- pretty standard, but the mildly tangy salty-sweet and creamy peanut sauce took the cake. Papaya Salad- This is one of my fave Thai dishes, and they executed it very well. Panang curry (chicken)- Loved this! They aren't shy about heat, so if you are spice-shy, you may want to ask them to tone it down. The sauce was so good that I took it home and re-purposed it in another dish.Final Notes: Take out is the best option, as seating inside the restaurant is limited. Lunch is the best deal. You can get full meals for around $5-$7. Its a relatively short walk from JHMI, and sure beats a lot of the options on campus.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/6/2013,80,198,4,8,3>Holy Tostada's!!! Is that a UFO, No!!! is that a bird? A plane? Noo0 it's the Tostada's from Tijuana Tacos!!TT (Tijuana Tacos) is a very small place right off of 100 and 97... right next to Gas station and Flower shop... you will most likely almost miss it... well at least I did till my co-pilot said "Right there!"Food: When you first walk in you think... ok awesome little mom and pop shop... but how is the total experience (food, price, service, décor, etc) Well any worries I had when I  started are long gone by the time I left with my belly full.  There were 4 of us with two vegetarians and two meat eaters. First the meat eaters, ordered one round of tres tacos (2 pork and 1 pollo asdo- grilled chicken) and one round of tres tostados (2 pollo loco - marinated chicken and 1 pollo asado grilled chicken). First the Tacos, they come out double shelled fresh corn tortillas stuffed with the meat, sautéed onions, fresh lime and other extras... The chicken was great, not dry and not overly wet either. I dislike it when the chicken feels like it's been sitting in a vat of sauce all day... this was not that. The double shells were clutch as well, the Taco wasn't exploding all over my clothes as I tried to eat... so bonus points for that! Tostada's!! They come out on a huge plate, each tostada about the size of a saucer plate, so good size and your get THREE of them. They all were perfectly crispy but not burnt, and they stayed that way almost the WHOLE time!! I mean crispy till the end even with salsa, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc unheard of! So big bonus pts for that! Each tostada was layered starting with the tostada, then a layer of refried beans (paste form so its spreadable), chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, fresh Mexican crème and then a dash of Mexican cheese (powdered form)... Holy Tostada was it a sight and taste to behold! With each bite you got a great texture and flavor as your bit through each layer one by one... your mouth not wanting the exp to end!! The chicken was great too, both type were prepared differently so they had distinct textures and flavors, both were killer though! These were hands down the best tostada's I have ever had!! The rest of the party got veggie fajitas which came out with a ton of veggies, rice and good black beans each were done well and flavorful. Last up for the food was the tres leces dessert!! Yum yum yum!! I normally dislike, with a big dislike tres leces, since most of the time it is soggy, sloppy, and just way too sweet(I know, I know too sweet!) But this tres leces was spot on, the cake had a great consistency and the sweetness was cut by the cake so the sweet didn't take all flavor out of your mouth. Pts for an awesome Tres Leces! So that is food, next up service and priceService and price: The service spot on, the server was attentive, knowledgeable, funny and engaging. He joked around, had fun but took great care of us. The thing that I REALLY liked about the service was that the vegetarians asked if they could clean the grill prior to cooking their veggies, after a long day of cooking I am sure that the grill had seen a lot of meat. Normally, restaurants look at us like we are crazy, but not here! He said no problem and was totally cool with clean their grill prior to cooking the veggies!! Big ups for that!!Price: The price is decent, actually pretty good for the amount of good you get. We spent around 10-14 per person including dessert and drinks(soda) so a perfectly ok in my book. Overall TT was HIT! From the food to the service to the prices, this is  now one of my fav. Mexican places around!! I hope to try the other items, but the tostada's were THAT good that I may not get past them! If you are in the mood for solid solid Mexican food, then try TT, it is awesome!Look!!! is that a UFO in the sky??? (points to the sky) Oops who ate your Tostada!! Cheers mates!!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,10/5/2013,35,151,,4,3>Delicious small place right off 198 in Burtonsville. Staffed by just two ppl it seems: the owner and her son. They were both lovely people. My wife and I ordered the shareable meat combo #3 which came with beef, chicken, lamb, and four vegetables. We chose collard greens  tomato salad, string beans and carrots, and cabbage and potatoes. All the items were tasty. The cubed beef was very spicy but delicious. For those unaware, Ethiopian food is eaten with your fingers. They give you soft flat bread called injera that you use to pick up the food. Interesting experience that I can't see myself doing with a random group of friends. Still, it was a fun experience for us on a very different Valentine's dinner. Service was a little slow but nothing to be bothered by.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/4/2013,51,89,,3,6>I feel as if I'm doing my family a favor each and every time I visit Richardson Farms.  An abundance of fresh produce to choose from.  They also have tons of nuts & seeds (Paleo dieters would love this place), various meats, homemade peanut butter, jam, old school candy, & more.  They also offer a nice sized nursery with tons of plants and flowers to choose from.  The staff is very efficient and friendly.  Do yourself a favor, skip Walmart/Giant/Shoppers, and hit up Richardson Farms for some local goodness.  You will not regret it :)
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,10/3/2013,52,112,,4,3>I came for a quick bite. I got the salmon tartare, salmon tataki, and green salad.Everything was good. But I'm putting finger to keyboard for the tataki...amazing. It was almost like a non-creamy salmon coleslaw. Phenomenal.The green salad dressing was good, just a bit watery and the tartare was ok...I have a favorite tartare spot already...hard to live up to theirs.This is a solid sushi option in the area. And I found it through Yelp...just looked for the sushi place with the best star rating. Its star rating is well deserved.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,10/2/2013,100,100,,5,4>Pleasantly surprised by this little joint. Tasty food and solid prices. Think Indian food with a Chipotle vibe. Instead of tortilla, your food goes into fresh naan. In my wrap, I had chicken, chickpeas, lettuce, tomato, and some tasty sauces. I was filled up but not weighed down, even though the portion was hefty. The samosas were fine, but nothing special. I thought they could have used some potato and more cumin, but that's just me. There are a few dining tables, but you can take out also. Check out RB Kebob!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,10/1/2013,416,145,,12,5>How sad is it that I've walked past this place daily for months on end and never peeped my head in the door until yesterday!  Union Marketplace is located on the corner of South Eden & Fleet Street, two blocks up near Harbor East. You may be able to place it better by thinking of the Chazz's/Ra Sushi/Teavolve/Townhouse Kitchen building and going a block up and AWAY from the water.Beautiful handcrafted jewelry, a few pieces of used furniture, all-natural soaps and lotions, a few clothing pieces, etc, etc, etc! There were even used books that ranged in variety from Grisham to McMillan, from cookbooks to Devil Wears Prada all ranging from $1-$3 (plus tax). There were roughly about 6 vendor stations when I visited (some took credit, some cash only) but I was advised that the list is growing which is going to be bad for my change purse since I work a few blocks away and loved the variety of jewelry on display.Curiosity piqued yet? Looking for a reason to explore it? On Saturday, September 28th from 11am - 7pm there will be an open house with live music, face painting, massages, light refreshments, demonstrations and even a fashion show. Set aside some time to stop by!  There's still some organization that needs to be done but I got around fine and hopefully it will work out the kinks as time goes on.Right now there is construction around the Eden & Fleet Street intersection so for parking, consider parking near the intersections closer to the restaurants or even in the garage directly across the street from Union Marketplace (if you have $3). There's also about a few metered parking spaces around.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/30/2013,150,192,4,4,3>Beautifully decorated the Hatch is a treasure to the MT Vernon neighborhood. Set at the basement of a row home on Madison St the atmosphere is ultra clean and spacy, sporting a overly simplistic approach. The all white décor with wood toned tables is so minimalistic and spot on with this elegant yet relaxed feel. It all accentuates the counter where a large stainless steel espresso maker lures you in. A lovely array of freshly homemade baked good is beautifully showcased on the counter, alongside drinks and beers.If you have read any of my reviews, you will know I am not a coffee drinker, so alongside came my partner as the coffee guru she is.He verdict was "two thumbs up". I always ask for comparisons, and she exclaimed it was superior than the not so far away Milk and Honey. I guess we now know where we will be stopping by for café. I was a tad disappointed that no chai was offered. The extremely helpful and I must add cute cashier informed me they are working on adding chai to the menu. As we were ordering, I saw a few cinnamon buns being brought in. As I was talking to the owner, Mr. Phil Han who was an extraordinarily service oriented young man, I noticed this absolutely fabulous looking cinnamon buns. Those I was told, are usually served on Sunday, but were brought in from their commercial kitchen, that is just a few blocks away, in order to appeal to the nearby offices. Phil, agreed to selling me one for these lovely treats. Oh what a treat indeed. I am particularly picky with pastries and baked goods, as I grew up with a mamma who was a baker who would make delicious Italian and French pastries. Well, I must say, thank you Phil, for bringing a little piece of heaven close to my heart, or rather my mouth. Absolutely exquisite. Possibly one of the , if not the best cinnamon buns I have ever had.Soft and packed with enough crunchiness to make you go aaaaaaaaaahhh. Not to overly the top sweetness and not overly gooey, just perfect! So make yourself a favor during your hectic day, stop by grab a coffee and don't forget a cinnamon bun, and relax at this lovely place. If you see me down the street, I wont be shocked if you high five me.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/29/2013,49,154,2,5,4>An interesting restaurant that will do all of the health-guilting for you!3.5 stars and rising.Concept - When you order a combo at bDelight (by far the most cost-effective way to eat), you get to see the individual caloric breakdown of each aspect of your meal (carbs, fats, fiber). It is an interesting take on the dining experience and like calorie counts at McDonalds, definitely encourages the healthy options.Food - I got the chickpea salad, kungpao chicken and brown rice. The salad was the best thing by far: fresh, with sliced strawberries and a light lime dressing - truly delicious. The chicken was ok, not very spicy at all, and more generic American-Chinese tasting.Juice - Where else do you have such a great juice selection (grape, OJ, lemonade, apple) on the east coast? Want to flash back to your childhood? Try grape juice with your lunch. I could smell the crayons.Ambiance - I think they are still working this out. As a lunch spot, could use some music and/or more customers.Overall definitely affordable, healthy and worth a taste!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,9/28/2013,115,78,,8,2>The Baltimore area doesn't really embrace the idea of FREE food buffet happy hours to attract customers like in many major cities, but Bare Bones is one of those rare exceptions. 5 days a week, Mon-Fri you'll find everything from a Taco bar to all you can eat Hot Wings here. You're supposed to buy at least one drink to partake in the free food and it's all done on the honor system. In addition to the free food buffets, Bare Bones also has live music on Tuesdays starting around 8:30, typically it's a soloist, and a full band on the weekends (Fri & Sat). Food on the regular menu Steak, Ribs, Chicken, & Fish hot off the grill is what most people come here for. But they also have a long list of Sandwiches, Salads, and Soups if being a hard core carnivore isn't your thing. To wash everything down, Bare Bones carries 8 of their own Microbrews on tap, along with everything from Bud Light to Guinness. If you want a great little happy hour place, Bare Bones is definitely worth a visit!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,9/27/2013,43,146,,9,4>We had a rare night out without the kids and decided to check out this place on recommendation of some friends. I am really glad we did. The location is a bit odd, down a winding road lined with old mill buildings, and I felt like we were either going to get lost, or find a scary, lonely hiker by the side of the road. Neither happened of course and we found Birroteca tucked in among the old, historic buildings. We opted for the dining room, which has warm wood and customers' hand-drawn artwork on the walls. While it was a tad noisy the night we were there, it was still a very cozy, intimate feeling about the place. The staff was very prompt, but not overly pushy/hovering, and the manager came over to ask how we were enjoying ourselves and how things were. They were receptive to minor critiques (noted below).  They have a new chef so some of the menu items online are no longer at the restaurant.We had the following:~ Calamari alla Plancha  Lemons  Garlic  Capers. alla Plancha is for pan grilled. The calamari is exceptionally tender. The light flavoring of the lemon and garlic is wonderful, but we wished there were more capers; our dish had only about 6 capers in total which left us wondering, why even include them? When you see the calamari, it is completely naked and not what you might be expecting at first.~Prosciutto  Arugula  Parmesan  Lemon Aioli. Wonderful!! The peppery taste of the arugula paired with the lemon and the dryness of the Parmesan flavored the salty prosciutto well. The bread was good, probably about an inch think (maybe too thick for some) and basically reminded me of a really buttery Texas toast.~The Ricotta Gnocchi is not longer on the menu- replaced by it's waaay more boring cousin, potato gnocchi. I was very very disappointed in this.~ Shrimp & Corn Risotto- not very 'corny' at all which allowed the shrimp flavor to come through. My main complaint with this dish is that it was a bit 'sandy' - yuck- they need to be sure to devein the shrimp better or wash the incorporated collard greens better.~Pappardelle alla Wild Boar Bolognese- good flavor, but easily could have been just beef. Also, the wide noodles were WAY over cooked and mushy. I could give this dish a 'C+' at best- very disappointing- skip it.~Crisp Brussel Sprouts  Coppa  Black Garlic Aioli - WOW. I could have ordered this again. The sprouts are cut into quarters length wise and seared basically with the wonderful ham/bacon flavor and the right amount of garlic. There is also the black garlic aioli on the side, but it is so good all by itself that it really does not need the side aioli at all. I would get this again, no question. ~Dessert was the creme fresh with strawberries and balsamic dressing. 'A' for presentation in a mason jar, but poor execution as the balsamic dressing was way to bitter and too much for such a small dessert- we poured most of it out. I think a light drizzle of basalmic reduction would be much better with this dessert.We had all of the above mentioned food, plus 2 bottles of red wine (oops!) all for a pre-tip total of $125. I think this is an exceptional deal for the quality and quantity of food as well as the wonderful atmosphere/ experience.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/26/2013,17,163,,4,2>Well you could definitely say these are the best cupcakes in Elkridge. Got 15 recently for a birthday party and they were a hit. Compared to other cupcakeries Kupcakes & Co had the best pricing b/c there is a slight discount to buying in bulk. They have a good selection of flavors that rotate daily, check out the flavor schedule on their website so you can plot out what you want. Lots of yummy sounding flavors. I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars because I find the cake to be kind of dry and the icing kind of stiff (I prefer a fluffy icing). The icing is also very, very sweet.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/25/2013,22,98,,3,3>We loved this place. Made a reservation the day of and they weren't crowded at all when we got there- @ 6pm on a Saturday, so pretty early, but they weren't really even crowded when we were done around 8. We got the cheese plate to start out with, which I do think was a little small for the price however, the cheese was fantastic, would have liked more pieces of bread for it. My fiance got a few beers and loved them all. I had a gluten-free beer which was excellent. We could have drank there for hours, and will continue to go back and try new stuff because their drink list is very extensive!  Lots of locally grown and made beers/ciders also.I got the burger and it was AMAZING. The bun, the bacon, the burger, the fries. He got the french dip which was also very good. Someone in our party did get the duck confit mac and I heard it was good.Serve was attentive and knowledgeable. Will be returning.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,9/24/2013,33,21,,4,2>MMMMMMM!Ambience is lovely.  Low light--but not so low that you need your phone to see the menu. The oysters are so good, and I love the Sushi-Style checklist that is set down with the menus that describe what kinds of oysters they have on the day you dine.  The waitstaff is educated on the different types, and can help you out if you're stumped.Moving on from the oysters, the entrees themselves are flavorful and well executed.  I had scallops with risotto...perfectly cooked scallops (good sear, just warm in the middle) and the risotto was creamy.Quality place, great experience, worth the money.  I'll have to go a few more times before giving a 5 star review, but I definitely recommend!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/23/2013,60,97,,4,4>Illusions is a serious 5 star experience. We went about a month ago on a Saturday night. You should call ahead, but we were lucky enough to be walk ins. It's pretty much a cocktail bar with a magic show that runs every Saturday Night. The drinks were amazing and some of the best we've had in the city. The show was likewise great -- Spencer was awesome. I can't rave enough about how great the staff was. This is a must see in Baltimore for a fun different Saturday night out.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,9/22/2013,21,133,,6,3>For all of the great international options in Mount Vernon, there's a noticeable lack of options if you want a good burger and fries.  Thankfully that's changed now that Tavern on the Hill is open.  This is a pretty solid option with a wide variety of burgers, sandwiches, and breakfast (which they serve all day).  My only gripe is that the patty itself could have used some more seasoning, so hopefully that's something they'll work on.Our server/bartender was insanely nice, and the prices are great.  I had a burger and fries with a boh, and my wife had an omelette and sangria.  The check came to $25.  Can't beat that!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/21/2013,181,147,2,4,3>This place is the where you should go for a good scotch or whiskey in Fells Point in Dtwn Baltimore.  Very friendly bartender, plus she's from Cali :)Small joint, but they have a large selection of scotches, and they are not stingy when it comes to the amount you get per glass.  The ambiance has a very hole-in the wall vibe, and its the place to go to just chill with a good drink and chat with some friends.Highly recommend this place for anyone that is look for a non- pretentiousness place to enjoy a good scotch on a cold Baltimore summer night, haha:)
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/20/2013,219,293,5,10,9>4.5 Stars. Rounding it up to 5. There are a plethora of carry outs from Chinese to Pizza joints just about everywhere you go, but this place stands out because of numerous reasons. Even though their subs may be a bit higher in price than your typical carry out joint, their subs are huge and very flavorful. Cheese steak, chicken cheese steak, gyro, spinach pie, and chicken souvlaki are all great foods that you should try here. My favorites are the gyro and the chicken cheese steak sub. The gyro's great texture from the pita bread to the fresh vegetables complementing the tender and succulent meat. Then the huge 12 inch chicken cheese steak sub with everything, that has a great ratio combination of the meat, veggies, sauce, and bread.There is 1 thing I'm not a fan of, and that's their fries. Got the buffalo fries and they were just, not great. No seasoning and the hot sauce that smothered the fries, gave it a small kick, but not much else. Maybe I got it at the wrong time.Everything else I tried, were either great or amazing.What really separates Maria D's from your typical joint, is that everybody that works there are very friendly and outgoing, especially the owners. The owners are the highlight of the short but memorable experience. It just makes the vibe there marvelous. The food comes out pretty fast, sometimes reasonable, never slow even when they're busy.This place is fantastic!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/19/2013,175,115,3,4,4>Another 5 star restaurant....either I'm my standards are getting lower, or I am just really good at only going to the best places....Came here during restaurant week because the restaurant week menu items by far out exceeded other restaurants.  FOUR courses (two appetizers, entree, and desert).  And with extraordinary expectations came even more extraordinary food that did not in the least disappoint....One warning...Ryleigh's is in the heart of Fed Hill, so expect parking to be a nightmare.  Either pay to park in the nearby parking lot, or drive further out for free parking.  Nonetheless, the hassle is worth the food.Restaurant week tries:Apps#1: it is rare that I and everyon at the table loved each of the appetizer choices.  Not one disappointed nor outshined the other.  Try them all on the regular menu and don't forget to share.  Kudos to Ryleigh's for packing all their dishes with rich savory flavor.- fried oyster- clams:- fried shrimp- calamariApps#1:- cream of crab: creamy, crabby, delicious, packed with flavor and actual large chunks of crab.  Portion was HUGE and filling.- creamy oyster stew: my FAVORITE dish of the night.  that's right, a soup was my favorite.  The portion size is much smaller than the crab soup, but I'd sacrifice the smaller portion for this.  Its consistency is similar to chowder, there's maybe 3-4 oysters inside.  The flavor is indescribable and unexpected. ..I'll leave it at that.  You just have to try it.Off restaurant menu item:Char-grilled oysters with Parmesan and bruschettta: had to get this to share on top of the prix fixe items.  They are quite good 6 oysters for $11.  Get them every time.  Entrees:- flat iron steak/mashed potatoes/asparagus: one of the best steaks I've had in a long time (and mashed potatoes).  This was the best entree by far.  - jambalaya - standard- rockfish (catch of the day): very interesting take on rockfish--accompanied with cantaloupe, honeydew and cucumberDesert:- chocolate oyster shell with strawberry tartar: essentially a oyster shelled shaped chocolate with preserved strawberry on a bed of whipped cream, quite clever and a nice end to a wonderful meal- creme brulee: didn't try it, but my friend who always gets the creme brulee gave it high marks.OVERALL:  Loved it.  The food is good across the board.  Their biggest strength is savory flavor that is a key element in all of their dishes.  Will come back for 1$ OYSTERS happy hour!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,9/18/2013,18,54,,10,3>Ok. Everyone raving about the Al Pastor taco persuaded me to cheat on my usual taquerias and call up Tijuana. AND HOLY MOTHER OF GOD, it was the right choice. I still love you, Tortillaria Sinaola and Taqueria el sabor del parque, but there's stiff competition. Why? Because I can get big fat juicy amazing pork pineapple tacos delivered to my house, now. It's just gorgeous to call somewhere and order food and not have them bitch about making a delivery to the north side of Patterson Park, or flat refuse to. My delivery options are limited to barfy big box pizza or ghetto Chinese (with 2-3 exceptions I've yelped about previously). What showed up was amazingly fresh, well-seasoned, complex, and delicious authentic Mexican food 25 minutes after I called. The driver didn't have change but that's negligible. I also ordered a chorizo burrito and was happy to see cojito cheese and avocado slices inside. It was absolutely delicious. I'm mortified at how often I've eaten at Chipotle over the years when I had this as an option and just never acted on my curiosity. Shame on me.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/17/2013,131,146,3,3,3>What an experience! I walked right into some version of New Girl :)I love the entrance. When you get inside you are met immediately by delightful looking donuts that  look like my best homemade yummies. I had a apple cupcake/muffin looking thing that was....THE BOMB! My cappuccino was really cute. A bit bitter but they made me another one that was a bit better. But the experience was so nice I really didn't care. For both I spent about $8. Hubby said the sandwiches here are AWESOME (my word not his) so I look forward to trying them next Saturday Date.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/16/2013,197,128,1,5,3>Homemade sausages, delicious roasted potatoes (sweet and reg combo), and some of the best iced coffee in Charm City: Jack and Zach's does breakfast right. These guys go full-out local when it comes to their ingredients: only the freshest and the finest, right down to the cider they use in their apple cider sausages (brewed by a local orchard). This is the place you go when you wanna treat yourself to a top-notch morning grub-sesh. Order to go, or grab a stool and enjoy the playful 1950s diner-style atmosphere (retro-striped straws included). Definitely worth the visit , or should I say *visits...you'll be returning for more.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/15/2013,52,67,3,6,3>This place is a hidden gem.  They serve very authentic El Salvadorian food such as empanadas and my favorite papusa (a quesadilla that is so much better than a quesadilla), but by far the best thing they serve at this place are their desserts.  Gently flavored with a texture that will guarantee to soothe all of your taste buds, their flan is one of the best I ever had.  My favorite were the cakes I bought at the front counter.  One of the most moist cake I ever had in my life, biting into it made me feel like I was in heaven.  You haven't even heard the best part yet... THEY MAKE WEDDING CAKES.  Based on their quality of their cakes I had, I was ready to pronounce Christy's as my prime wedding cake caterer for my future wedding... there, I said it. Enough said, when you pass by Glen Burnie through Ritchie Highway, stop by Christy's and sweeten up.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,9/14/2013,90,149,2,4,3>I trek out to Cantlers about three times a year. Let's be honest...they do have the best crab cake in area. I have searched and yet to find better. The crab cake has been priced around $16 for a few years now..and is filled with crab, lightly seasoned and has no filler. Now the size is much smaller than G&M, but hello....water view!!This place is a must to do with your out-of-town guest. My family from NC thinks its awesome! The bad: it does require a few twist and turns to get there..and the neighborhood is a bit weird. You will see mobile homes and million dollar homes. ??It will be slammed on a weekend..and you will wait for a table! So just deal with it..and know you will be eating good crabs, an awesome crabcake, and watching the sun go down over the bay!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,9/13/2013,34,78,3,4,4>it's hard not to feel healthy just standing in the cafe considering your options.  Sometimes that feeling is enough to inspire one to eat  "healthy".  However, the food is actually good here.  My vegetarian sister originially prompted me to try this place out but I've continued going...even having cravings for it at times.  Today I had the Caribbean salad...shocked myself by stepping outside of my no fruit and vegetable rule b/c the idea of a salad w/ goat cheese trumped my food "issues".  I wasn't dissapointed.   Dates, raisins, pears, salad greens, and a big mound of soft goat cheese with citrus vinagrette.  Very very delicious and fresh.  Creamy, tart, sweet, crispy and above all satisfying.My husband got the "cali" wrap.  The ingredient list sounds much like a version of a lox bagel which is quintessentially northeastern so the name confused me.  However, the name is the taste is more substantial and w/out the acridness of the former.  The avocado definitely sealed the california feel to contents that would usually typify a northeast flavor combo.  For drinks, My husband got a chai latte iced.  It was a bit too sweet for my taste but the spice level was good.  more desserty and lassi like I would prefer.  And very "milky".  I opted for the PB 'n Java smoothie.  It's the perfect healthy answer to the iced startbuck mocha (hey peanut butter is good for you + protein and dairy free...all important things to me and something the starbucks mocha is missing).
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,9/12/2013,38,182,3,4,4>So I came here today for Easter lunch. Mr. Sonny Lee kindly greeted our party at the door, of which included my friend Niran, a fellow foodie and elite yelper! (Check out his reviews, they're awesome). I haven't had the pleasure of eating here in years but I'm so glad I came back!! The place is clean, its conveniently located off  Reisterstown rd (just north of Franklin Blvd) and offers incredible Chinese food. Everything from the Chicken Wonton Soup to the Cabbage salad, Mongolian Beef and Pork and String beans were incredible. I especially like the fact that Sonny offers Sushi at reasonable prices . Can't say its the best sushi in town but its a great addition neverheless. The only thing that stops me from giving Sonny 5 stars is that the place could use a face lift and perhaps a few more interesting menu items. As it is the menu is generic and doesn't stand out.In conclusion, eat here. And be sure to ask for the dirty fortune cookies. Just don't tell the rest of your party about them. It'll be a fun surprise.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,9/11/2013,58,71,2,2,2>When I think of this place I get goosebumps and my taste buds come alive. Located in front of the Marley Station Mall or whatsever left of it, Ann's has been a Glen Burnie staple for 63 years now. In my book, that's pretty impressive for any business let alone a Dari Creme that serves hot dogs and milkshakes as its specialities. Don't come expecting ambiance because you won't get it...Basically, the employees who take your order get you in and get you out because it's mainly a to-go establishment. There are a few stools available for dine-in, but since the place is always busy you will always hear orders being taken from other customers! The customer service is awesome. Literally, I have heard some orders that would boggle the mind, but for the employees here they can memorize anything that's given to them! For me, the doubledog with everything works everytime.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/10/2013,133,198,7,15,5>Ok, I have to admit I was skeptical coming here, not because of the food but because of the beer pricing system they established here. The way it works is the more a beer is ordered the higher the price will become. The less something is ordered the more the price decreases. Simple economics really. I was thinking, "That's stupid, what if I want to drink Natty Boh all night, I don't want to be paying $7 for that." BUT, when I got there I determined it's a brilliant idea. When you see the beer list you will understand.  They have about 36 brews on tap and it's nice that the list includes beer advocate's rating of each beer. This system forces you to try something new if cost motivates you. I got a Bear Republic brew for like $4 and that will run you $6 to $7 elsewhere.  Lets look at some of the cons of this system. 1.  The beer ticker system. I don't know why but I could not look away from the monitor! The beer prices update every minute or so, so you can see the percentage of increase or decrease beers are taking. This was bad because I wasn't paying attention to my wife. Oy!  2. Watching the beer prices change you realize that the next beer you want may be more expensive by the time your ready to order it. So you need to finish the beer you have quickly! This can get dicey. I found I was pounding beers as opposed to enjoying them. Caught a buzz pretty quickly, so be careful. The Food. They specialize in burgers here. The beef is local, hand ground, never frozen and hormone free. They are really affordable too. (See other reviews for pricing.). I had the cheeseburger, LTO, and special sauce.  The burger was a euphoric experience. It was cooked at a nice medium rare and the egg had plenty of yolk. The added bonus for me is that it was served on a Martins Potato Roll. Boom! Those are the only rolls burgers should be served on! We also had the loaded tots. They were fried crispy and topped with bacon, a cheese sauce and cream.  They were pretty good. Overall, I will certainly come back here. I liked everything about it. The only awkward thing is when you walk in there is no hostess and we weren't really greeted by anyone. So I would just snag a bartender to be seated. Besides that it was easy on the wallet and had a great vibe. After coming here, Five Guys just got kicked to the curb hon!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/9/2013,747,595,1,3,3>There is nothing like the smell of fresh chocolate cooking when you're walking down the street in a drunken haze looking for the next location for your pub crawl. Or maybe it's the giant smiles on everyone's face as they eat their homemade Kilwins ice cream which caught my eye that night. Whatever it was I made a visit here a few weeks ago for an unforgettable late night snack. I stood deep in the 10 person line, my eyes were glazed at the taffy be rolled next to me. The endless rows of freshly dipped apples sat in front of me as I moved from the taffy, the apples mocking me as if they knew I couldn't resist the temptation to eat one of them.... but, I had to hold my urges - I was there for ice cream after all and it would be very distasteful to break through the thin plexiglass just to eat a candy dipped apple.There I was, sloppily glaring at the menu,  as I slowly tried to comprehend all of the flavor choices which laid before me. I found myself at a crossroads deciding between  all the delicious choices of ice cream which Kilwins offers. Do I pick the chocolate? No... too plain. Maybe the rocky road? No. Then I saw it, as if the ice cream gods shined a light down unto it, and it lit up like a blinking vacancy sign from one of those cheap roadside motels -- New Orleans Praline Pecan!  2 scoops into the cup, I wobbled to the register and I was free from the chocolate clutches Kilwin's had on me.   As I ran out of the shop holding my newly purchased ice milk, I found a seat just a few steps outside. The first bite is like seeing fireworks, the flavors are very overwhelming. Fresh vanilla hits the palate, followed by a caramel blend and it all comes together with a bit of crunchy classic NOLA praline's with roasted pecans. The experience was very fast, friendly, and made for a great treat (even into the wee hours of the night) . I know there are a lot of ice cream shops in Annapolis, but this one is one of the best. 5 stars.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/8/2013,290,462,2,10,7>The food is amazing. My turkey wings' meat was moist and the skin unctuous and satisfying. Green beans were yummy- cooked in good chicken broth and the salt, pepper, red pepper flakes balance was just right. Mac and cheese had good chewy cheddar on top with fatty cream cheese adding body. Free wifi is ultra-fast and the tables are comfortable and welcoming. They just opened so if you come here right now they may have some hiccups as far as what is available and wait time but please be open-minded and order something else. If your order takes a while, give them your cell number and hang out at the Village Library nearby or walk around cool 25th Street for a bit. You'll be glad you tried Georgia Soul out.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/7/2013,183,700,5,6,5>Hmm... I think I've discovered the best Vietnamese restaurant within a 15-mile radius of Baltimore city.You've got all the Vietnamese staples at Pho Saigon, from vermicelli to com rice dishes to rice noodle soups and everything in between. I also discovered what all four seasons of Vietnamese rolls are like via the assorted rolls appetizer. But best yet is the pho, which is outstanding, to say the least. The large size is, in fact, LARGE. Definitely the biggest bowl I've seen used at a Vietnamese restaurant. And this isn't just for show either because what the bowl holds necessitates such size. Also, kudos to Pho Saigon for taking the extra time to de-root the sprouts used for pho. Certainly a clutch move. On a side note, it was a pleasant surprise to see that both the Thai iced tea and the Vietnamese coffee were mixed in good ratio -- not too sweet, not too bland.Prices are comparably inexpensive. Service is quick and attentive. Love their slogan -- "best hangover food". The place is clean and relatively spacious. I'm definitely going to be a returning customer and will be spreading the gospel of Pho Saigon.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/6/2013,37,89,4,5,2>So many different things to say about this place.I think it is indeed a bit of a hidden gem, but I was also a little disappointed. Let me explain.I moved to Baltimore (Locust Point) in January. When it finally started to warm up, I went walking, walking, walking, and stumbled upon the pier that Tiki Barge is at the end of. It wasn't even close to open yet -- paint peeling, pool looking a mess, but I could see the potential. I was so excited I told everyone I know how it was going to be the first place I went when summer came. This was the place of my dreams. And having moved up here from Florida, it was exactly the kind of place I NEEDED after a long, cold winter.So when I finally made it to Tiki... well, it is still awesome. We sat up top and had orange crushes (my first - I had been waiting for this occasion to finally have one!) and the views were incredible. It was just so calming and lovely and wonderful to sit and look out on the harbor. And even though it was a blazingly hot day, the breeze came through the hut and the fans were on and it was blissful. We got there early, too, so we got great seats and left just as it was starting to get busy.All that is great, but what I had been most pumped about was the POOL. It was fulfilling the fantasy I had been sadly harboring for so long all winter. To relax in the pool with a cocktail. And on the harbor - oh my!Well, it was the ultimate disappointment to find that I couldn't do this. Apparently you now have to be a member, with INSANE membership fees. I am a young professional working at a nonprofit: there's no way in hell I can afford that. So alas, my dream was shattered. I kind of wanted to hate Tiki for that (and admittedly, I haven't been back because it stings to look down at people enjoying what you desperately want but can't have), but still I can't fault the upper bar for it's awesomeness. Just don't bring your swimsuit and don't have dreams to be crushed ;)
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,9/5/2013,71,270,2,6,3>Liquid Earth is bliss. I'm so glad it exists in this city, especially in the french-fry, ice cream, and pizza saturated Fells Point neighborhood. The atmosphere is lovely and the juices and smoothies are as good as it gets. Stop whining about the price, people--you get what you pay for! Of course I wish it was cheaper, but your body is your temple, so treat it with the good stuff. What better to spend your money on than fresh, raw, fruits and vegetables to heal your body?Had the Ginger Cold Snap Cure today-- yum! Don't have a cold, but can't go wrong with Vitamin C :) p.s. Liquid Earth, your website is unnecessarily annoying!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/2/2013,139,351,3,5,4>Well, Holy Moly!We've got ourselves a genuinely delicious Thai restaurant here!Everything I ordered was excellent:Long Thailand Iced Tea cocktail - amaaazzziiinnngggg. Tasted like a Thai dreamsicle!Pad See Ew - drool-worthy, stomach-satisfyingPad Thai - good lord, this has beautiful flavour, oh look...it's all goneMango with sticky rice - IN MY MOUTH FOREVERThai donuts - Interestingly good (don't expect sweetness. They're naked with sugar pieces on top, with a semi-sweet sesame cream sauce).I know that my review lacks a lot of detail, but really...If you enjoy eating Thai food in a nice place with awesome service (Sarah was perfect!), then you need to come here. No excuses. Do it now.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,9/1/2013,154,580,,5,1>When the rain came pouring down on our Urban Pirate's Cruise in the Inner Harbor, this was the closest bar within sprinting distance of the pier.  We needed to get somewhere dry and we needed to get there fast and that's how we ended up here.  On a Friday night, it wasn't too bad.  The beer was good and the food was substantial.  We were looking for a place to get a decent meal (and warm up) and this place definitely hit the spot. The food was excellent! Anything with truffle oil is going to be good in my book. I'm glad we ran into this place and if I am ever out and about in Fells, I will definitely check them out again.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,8/31/2013,266,311,2,3,3>I'm always a fan of the local library, it is like a geek's paradise, and I am that geek!  Something about reading real books excite me so much more than that kindle thing.Anywho, this place is located right on Frederick road, not hard to miss. Parking is pretty good, I always find a spot right in the back.  Everything is really easy to locate, I love how they separate the newer and high interest books right in the front.  Self-checkout is pretty sweet, since I never have my library card, I can just use my username and password.  Geeks unite!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,8/30/2013,199,252,2,5,1>Talk about hole in the wall finds... this place IS PERFECT for true Yelpers... great FRESH made Original dishes.  I had the BBQ Shrimp and grits and almost ate the plate.  It was a packed and we lucked out to get a table because it was never ending line.  Yes the food was that good.  The prices are even better and you can see everything going on because it's so small.  LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF THE EXPERIENCE HERE!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,8/29/2013,27,160,2,3,2>I stopped here after hanging out at Paw Point Park with my puppy. It is across the street from Robert E Lee Park. There was a relatively long line, so I thought the place must be good and worth the wait. I waited about 20 minutes. The line went quick. You could tell the owners were very efficient, while still maintaining a friendly customer service. There is a handful of different hot dogs you can choose from. The large size hot dogs are put in huge warm rolls and then filled with fixings of your choosing. The sauerkraut and spicy mustard are awesome. Highly recommend this joint for anyone in the area. Luckily it was a nice day so we ate the hot dogs outside. Yep, I said we, because dogs eat free! They gave my puppy, Bodhi his own dog. He never had a hot dog before, and gobbled it up. Notes: Cash only. $5 a dog. $6.50 for soda, chips, and dog. Limited seating to the right of the hot dog stand. Overall: Highly recommend if you are in the neighborhood around lunch time to give this place a shot. Tasty/Quality hot dogs, reasonable prices, and first rate friendly costumer service.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/28/2013,92,403,2,6,3>A bibliophile's Nirvana......that pretty much sums up this gem of a bookstore in historic downtown Annapolis.   Before I proceed, I just want to issue a word of warning:  DO NOT go into this shop if you don't have a LOT of time to spend there!   You're going to want to take your time, browse, explore, and thoroughly experience this delightful little book shop.   At first glance, it looks a shambles.......books are literally piled EVERYWHERE.  But that's part of the charm.  It's like visiting a favorite aunt who has an eclectic collection of books, and you never know what you'll find.  From best sellers to antique collectibles and everything in between, they've got it here.  The children's section is adorable, complete with an "Olivander's Wand Shop" sign, a broom, and Hedwig the owl posted above the door to the patio.   And it's not just the books, it's the entire shop....with its antique light fixtures, fireplace mantles, and wood floors, it really does just make you want to curl up and spend hours lost in a good book.  I didn't sample anything from the cafe, but will definitely be back when I have more time to spend exploring.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,8/27/2013,95,120,2,6,4>Bring fork and knife, you will absolutely be wowed with the presentation. Had the pleasure of coming here for restaurant week and was absolutely amazed by the delicious food and the wonderful decor inside. I will say this, I am a big shrimp and grits fan and there are only a select few of establishments in Baltimore City that I will devour this comforting dish, and now I can add Sascha's to the list. Had it as an appetizer and you pretty much will not have room for your meal. Also the asparagus salad was absolutely delicious, it was accompanied with the duck prosciutto, Maytag blue cheese, yes Maytag blue cheese, candied pine nuts and arugula and drizzled with dried cherry balsamic dressing. For our second course, I had the pleasure of trying the grilled pork chop with grilled pears, just thinking about it makes me hungry all over again. The pork chops were cooked perfectly, not dry at all and the grilled pears was a very nice compliment to the dish. I absolutely love having fruit with my pork. My friend had the pan roasted fillet Mignon with applewood bacon-spinach salad, which he really enjoyed. For the third course, we pretty much kept it simple, I was pleasantly surprised they had caramel budino, which is an italian pudding. A very good mix of sweet and salty, absolutely adored the salty carmel sauce. Also the fresh peach crisp with the vanilla ice cream was really delicious as well.Overall, Sascha's is one of my absolute fave restaurants in the Mount Vernon section of the city. The food is always delicious, the service is great and the drinks are reasonable. Great place to come for happy hour or  just out for dinner and drinks.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,8/26/2013,49,161,8,5,6>I remembered that this place existed after a disappointing day in DC searching for a chicken and doughnut place that hadn't opened yet. Kicked myself immediately after returning to Baltimore for wasting gas instead of heading here first. Who needs a doughnut when you can get a buttery, golden brown waffle and fried chicken tenders cooked to order (about 15-minute wait with about 6 or 7 orders ahead of mine)?Also kicked myself for not asking what kind of waffles they had, which (at the time) seemed like a stupid question. Or, maybe it would have been nice to be asked what kind of waffle I wanted. (I'm just sayin'.) I got a regular waffle, and was scolded by my brother for not ordering a red velvet waffle or a sweet potato waffle. In my defense, I did not see those on the menu. Maybe my frustrated-with-DC-state-of-mind temporarily clouded my normally impeccable vision. Maybe I was hangry. Who knows?He insists that there are pictures of them in the restaurant or on the menu. (It's hard for me to hear when entranced by mouth-watering food.) I insist that one cannot tell the difference between a sweet potato waffle and a regular waffle by picture alone. The argument went on for much longer than an argument about takeout should. The length of an argument is never as important as who won the argument.Ultimately, I did, as I ate my chicken and waffle with all the required Balmer fixins while he watched...Game. Set. Match, dear brother.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,8/25/2013,122,108,1,4,3>Had my first visit to this salon and it definitely won't be the last.. Have I found my hair BFF? Maaaaybee.. At first I had really trouble finding the place but after I made a phone call to them, they were very helpful with more specific directions then my GPS. I wish I could give a yelp review of my GPS. Any who.. The salon is a colonial style home with the salon in the first floor in the back of the house. Very quaint and cozy, didn't feel at all like a home in the sense that I'm looking into someone's personal home life.  It was very professionally set up and my hairstylist ( Heather) was sweet, funny, and she knows her hair stuff just like a pro should. I showed her a pic of what I would like my hair to look like ( or close to it).. And she nailed it. For getting a haircut, conditioning treatment, and an umbre highlight.. Well worth taking the risk. I will be sticking to her as long as I'm living in the area.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/24/2013,43,295,2,4,3>My coworker and I came around 4:00 on Saturday after we nailed a day-long training.  The main dining area is right when you walk in, with the bar in the back right, and the kitchen in the back left.  We were at the bar, and even when leaving around 7:00, the place wasn't busy at all.   We started with some mixed drinks, and waited on my husband and her roommate.  I had the black bean hummus with plantain and yucca chips and the shrimp and grits.   My husband ordered the sushi roll, and asked whether the ponzu sauce on the side had any gluten in it.   The waiter went to ask, and when he came back, he said the chef wanted to take the plate back and make a GF version for my husband.   He's doesn't have full-blown celiac's, but the waiter insisted, and they were pretty quick about getting a fresh plate out.  The shrimp and grits was the best I've had in a long time.  It was well-balanced flavor and portion-wise.  I finished the meal with a cocktail the bartender had been concocting which was pretty good as well. With quite a few drinks and the food mentioned above, the bill was a little higher than I would've wanted (over $100).  That said, I would go again easily.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/23/2013,65,59,,4,6>Since the weather is warming up, no more treadmilling it!  Got a new pair of Brooks that I took for a spin around Fells Point, and discovered a plethora of quaint cobble-stone, tree-lined streets, and historical industrial brick buildings now renovated as posh inns and luxury apartments.  Running along the docks is a beautiful experience rain or shine; sometimes you'll pass a pirate ship battle-ready so be ready to duck and hide.  Speaking of ducks, a few water fowl hang out on the many pier posts all picture-perfect and waiting to witness a sun salutation and downward facing dog as the capstone to a perfect run :)
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/22/2013,133,540,,5,5>I stumbled upon this place by accident while exploring the area.  I ordered a spiced chai tea and my wife had a latte and bagel.  The chai tea was a little sweet, but very good.  I'm not sure where they get their baked goods, but the bagel was very tasty.  There is ample seating inside and the place is modern, clean and cute.  They also have outdoor seating and bike racks.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,8/21/2013,58,77,2,14,6>I'd been to Zandi's "pre Restaurant Impossible" and I was so turned off by the slow service and poorly seasoned food that I had no intentions of going back.Enter reality television - I'm a big RI fan and Robert Irving validates my belief that any restaurant, or business for that matter, should strive to provide the best service every day.The "new and improved" Zandi's does just this.  Obviously the decor is very nice (Tanya is my hero) and though the location is a little hard to find, it is about the only great breakfast place in the Glen Burnie/Millersville area.  When you walk in, it's a "seat yourself" setup (which is the only reason they got 4 stars instead of 5) so you may have to wait a minute or two until you are formally greeted. Our waitress was polite and attentive.  She knew the menu and was quick to refill our coffee.I had the french toast with a side of bacon.  The french toast was amazing - sweet, savory, and with a little crunch on the edge (the good kind, not the burnt kind).  There was a slight kick of cinnamon which really added to the flavor.  My boyfriend had the Southwestern omelet and was "full" after.  This may not seem relevant, but he's a very picky breakfast eater and has an appetite - so that's a big compliment to the quality of the omelet.All in all, a great experience.  We will definitely make this a regular breakfast spot in our future!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/20/2013,46,243,4,7,3>I think i will venture out and echo sentiments that everyone hates unexpected costs. A couple of weeks ago i noticed a huge crack on my windshield (Honda Civic). Of course insurance wasnt going to cover that (funny) so i promptly started calling places that fix and replace windshield. Most places had me in the upper $240 range but Clearview was $200, i wasnt able to take my car personally for the repair so i had my roommate do it on a Saturday morning. On price alone for my repair it was the cheapest i got, and that is enough for me. The new windshield looks nice and my car approves.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/19/2013,157,175,,5,4>I was very impressed by this new location. Being a huge fan of the Gambrills location I was very excited for this one to open. I waited for the dust to settle before I visited - I know now, I didn't have to. I've only been once and sat at the bar so I cannot judge the table service. I went on a Thursday evening to meet a girlfriend and thankfully made it during Happy Hour! We ordered some signature cocktails which were delicious! They are pricey but they are made well with top shelf liquor so I highly recommend. We also ordered appetizers, Two of my favorites: The Goat Cheese Brûlée and the Mediterranean Platter. Which, if you didn't know... is the best thing on their menu. It's filled with all my favorites Hummus, baba ghanoush, grilled vegetables, fresh mozzarella and tomatoes, an eclectic assortment of olives, toasted pita corners. HEAVEN. The bar staff was so accommodating. Everyone is so friendly and willing to go the extra mile for you. Our bartender was great, I wish I could remember his name. He drives motorcycles though! (Ya know, in case that comes up in casual conversation.)Either way, check them out. Great happy hour - half priced apps. It's at the mall so parking can be a bit tricky. Definitely check it out before a movie!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,8/18/2013,45,104,4,11,7>I think the owners of The Charmery must have taken the previous reviews to heart because I have no complaints about portion sizes. After seeing my friends' cones I decided on a kiddie scoop and I'm glad I did! I got the pistachio-toffee flavor and it was delicious but REALLY sweet. The small size ended up being just enough to satisfy without overwhelming. I also have to commend the staff on their graciousness and speed. I was there after a group bike ride with about 20 other people and was really surprised at how quickly they handled all of our orders. The line moved far faster than many ice cream parlors I've been to despite many people asking for samples (because with flavors like Berger Cookies and Cream and Salted Old Bay Caramel how could you not try a few?) and everyone was friendly and upbeat. I also appreciate the fact that they offered a coconut-milk-based vegan option and a flavor of fro-yo. This will definitely be a spot that I bring out-of-towners!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,8/17/2013,29,208,,9,3>It's new, it's loud, it's decent, and I like it!  Annapolis' first foodie-ish restaurant on the harbor.  Thank goodness.Things I like:-Location- overlooks the dock; great for people-watching, walkable from anywhere in the historic center.  Prime real estate.  Nailed it.-Draft beer- they have about five microbrews on tap; not sure if they rotate, because they aren't on the menu.  The ones there looked pretty good to me though.  -Menu- our lunch meals were pretty great: the naan is a must, and a deal at $3 (!).  Burger was cooked to a perfect medium, tasted fresh and juicy.  My vegetarian partner was pleased with her brunch hodgepodge.  Fries were ideal, neither too mushy nor crispy, with just a touch of salt and pepper.  -Prices- our damage for two (including drinks) rang up at $30 total, pretty damn reasonable if you ask me.  Despite what other reviews may claim, it is NOT expensive- if anything, on par with any of the cheaper places nearby (but much better quality) and significantly less expensive than ANY of the fancy-schmancy French or steak places that are in the neighborhood.  Seriously, the only comparable place in town is Metropolitan, and it's pretty far down West Street.  Unless you want food poisoning from any of the gazillion crab places nearby, want to eat junk food at one of the billion brewpubs that proudly haven't been cleaned since George Washington visited, care to drop a Benjamin on a white-tablecloth wine-only dress-up place, or want to eat overpriced tourist crap, this is really your only option in the area, and thankfully it's pretty good AND reasonably priced.Needs improvement:-Noise level- I'm not sure what they can do to fix this, but it was only about 50% filled and the noise level was borderline insane.  It's the brick walls and hardwood floors, obviously, but they have to do something about it.  Don't even bother going in if it's full.-Service- young kids seem to staff this place, apathetic, unfamiliar with the menu, poor attitudes and not a smile to be seen.  Since it just opened, I anticipate an improvement with age and popularity.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/16/2013,76,77,3,6,4>Tatu came under new ownership a few months ago, and the interior has been remodeled. Now it looks a lot like a swanky lounge, with red plush couches, dark lighting, gilded accents, and a bunch of mirrors. I can imagine this place being a really fun place to hang out with friends on a Friday or Saturday night.Unfortunately, to my disappointment, they no longer provide cotton candy and temporary tattoos. (What is a place called "Tatu" going to do without temporary tattoos?!) However, they've replaced them with an unbeatable deal -- unlimited select sushi ($15/person) and sake ($5/person) on Wednesday nights from 5pm til close! Although service was slow, my friend and I had six rolls of sushi, including the China White (really good), Triple Lucky Wasabi (with wasabi peas inside), Hamachi Jalapeno (the jalapeno was a nice fresh accent), and Eel with avocado (featuring a sprinkling of toasted sesame on top -- delicious!). We estimated that we ate over $70 of sushi for only $30. In addition, the waitress gave us coupons at the end of our meal for free drinks on our next visit. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/15/2013,334,725,3,5,6>This place is tiny - like Bmore row-house tiny but that's why it made it onto Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Walk in and put your name on the list then join the rest of those waiting outside along the sidewalk. We waited 1/2 hr on a weekday morning- now that I know they're open 24 hrs on a weekend, I have a late night spot!It's taken me half a year to find a good day with minimal wait. Totally worth it.We got the Capt Crunch table near the fireplace. He is balancing french toast :-)Capt Crunch French Toast- soooo good! perfect consistency, light, little crunch   - topped with cool whip, blueberries and strawberries   - I feel like they need to advertise the french toast more on the menu   but I guess people just knowHashbrowns are homemade and delightful - nothing too special but very freshDenver omelet- good but not my style with the little chunks of ham on itGarden Style Eggs - very yummy, all thrown together on one plate. wish they added more broccoli!Biscuits - fresh and homemade, big and fluffy. served with raspberry syrup!Fresh orange juice topped it all offThe ambiance is very eclectic and fun. It's a special place to bring anyone for a good breakfast or brunch.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,8/14/2013,55,370,,4,2>Among scores of knockoffs, this Irish pub is the real deal. They have a full bar, but they prefer to serve beer. (One of our friends tried to order an artisan cocktail here: the bartender complied, but delivered it along with a withering look.) We were a bit disappointed they didn't have Kilkenny, but enjoyed Guinness and Harp as well as a nice light cider that wasn't too sweet.When we saw their mussels go to another table, I really regretted having ordered that dish at another subpar Annapolis establishment: they were fragrant, swimming in a creamy broth reminiscent of chowder, and served with homemade dark bread. We did order the crab dip, which comes in a bread bowl with carrot and celery sticks. It was absolutely wonderful. A tiny complaint: the bread "bowl" was not hollowed out, so what at first appears to be a treasure trove of creamy goodness is in fact just a scoop of dip on top of a loaf of bread. We were very sorry to see it go, and after reading some of the other reviews, I wish we had stayed for dinner! I will be back for sure to try their fried oysters and shepherd's pie.The atmosphere is as authentic as everyone says: loud, dingy and full of colorful people. Just what you want in an Irish pub.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,8/13/2013,154,146,,5,2>How did I not know this swanky little bar/ restaurant existed within the Four Seasons?!?!  I'm so sad that this was my first time here, but I'm sure I'll return many times.1. The decor and ambiance is amazing. Beautifully designed, and incredibly classy, the space really makes you feel like you're on a special date (I went with 2 girlfriends)2. We went right before the Superbowl, and therefore had to try the happy hour drink- which was called the Ravens Royale (champagne, vodka, and other things that made it purple... amazing!).3. The food was delectable! I believe we ordered each dish on the "snacks menu. The lobster corndogs were surprisingly tasty, while the deviled eggs were the favorites of my friends (I'm not a big egg eater). I enjoyed the chicken wings because they were perfectly cooked, not overly saucy/ seasoned and not covered in fat. So good!4. The staff was ok, could have been a little more attentive, but we had a great time!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/12/2013,74,118,,4,3>This review is for the venue its self, not the Save Your Soul Culture event. My bf and I arrived to the Creative Alliance  for  Save your Soul Dance Party. We were impressed with how open the space was. The dance party towards the back of the venue was dark, we couldn't really see anything. We decided to explore the place and saw some really cool vintage posters downstairs and fantastic art upstairs. I was ecstatic to see an yarn art from an artist that taught an after school program when I was 15. We ordered drinks that were decent ($6 each) and the staff was friendly. I would come here again for other events since I love art and since the party was pretty cool.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,8/11/2013,25,142,2,5,3>I have two gym memberships: one is for Inline and one is for the MAC in Harbor East. Having two gym memberships is not at all a commentary on the quality of the gyms; they are both awesome! I just can't decide between both of them and I like to have lots of class options :).I dropped in to a few classes at Inline and enjoyed them, so I signed up for the $49 introductory month offer. I'm glad I did! I haven't taken all the classes at Inline, but I have taken Barre, Pilates, Pilates Fusion, Yoga, Yogalates, and HIIT.  All the classes are great and have left me sore the day after. I also really like that the class sizes are relatively small, so you get the same personal attention you would with a trainer. There's a wide variety of class options, and every class with every instructor is different. The instructors are all friendly and most of them will get to know your name within a few times of you attending their classes. I also think it's great that Inline is receptive to the demand for classes and is constantly changing the schedule. They have recently added a 6:00am class, which is the perfect time for me in the morning and I'm hoping they add more. They have also recently added a new Ultimate Sculpt class for Monday evening, which I've always wanted to try.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,8/10/2013,73,124,5,4,3>PSA: if you do not want your children to go ape over the countless selection of fun topping Uspoon has to offer. 1 do not take them with you, leave them at home or in the car. ( leave the AC running because you maybe awhile,you will have found yourself going ape as well over the countless selection of toppings.) 2. Give them the death ray stare down and in your best parental voice say, " LOOK WHEN WE GET IN THIS STORE DON'T ASK ME FOR EVERYTHING PICK 2 TOPPING ONLY" . If you don't apply said rule you will find yourself paying for a $7 FroYo for a 6 year old who was done after eating all 2lbs of M&Ms out of his Mango&Chocolate swirl. Seriously Uspoon is great I am a fan of what I like to call the "Snow Storm" I mix Tahitian vanilla and birthday cake FroYo together and top it with Shredded Coconut, white chocolate chips and white chocolate syrup. MMMMMMM snow white heaven. I do love the fact that you have so much to choose from. Fresh fruit to classic candies as well as a bowl of your fav cereal. I will warn you, you can top til your heart stop BUUUUTTTTT, you do pay by weight.  The inner child in me wants to mix everything all up the same way I did when I went to a soda machine or slurpee machine and mixed all the drinks together, but the cost conscientious adult over rules everytime. So dine in under AC or sit outside on one of the cute bistro sets.  Uspoon is a cute little shop and my kids love it! So I'm sold on the concept. Thumbs up USpoon
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,8/9/2013,123,196,1,3,4>I've been coming to this gym for brazilian jiu jitsu  for a few months now and I've noticed a huge difference in myself.  As someone who has never taken another Jiu Jitsu class before, I was worried that I would feel really behind because the class is a mix of all color belts.  However, I didn't feel that way at all once we started class.  Everyone was very friendly, helpful and understanding about my learning curve.  During class if there are a good amount of newer people, they sometimes separate into groups of experienced and novice.  This way, we can learn at our own pace.  All the teachers are really helpful and so knowledgeable.  They had no problem showing me a move multiple times and helping me with my technique.  When we go to roll with people they always cheer each other on.  It's nice that they have such an awesome and supportive staff.  They gym itself is pretty neat.  They have one room where there's just a huge blue mat where they do the Jiu Jitsu.  There is another room with weights and exercise equipment and a cage for kickboxing!!!  Let me say that again, a cage for kickboxing!  I don't know if these are at every gym but I think its cool.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/8/2013,40,119,2,4,3>Everything about this place screams Italy! The food itself was spectacular. I went with 3 other people and between the four of us we shared a bottle of wine and left feeling more than content. The only issue I would mention Is that our waitress was kind of snobby, however a older woman (presuming the owner or manager of some sorts) was very sweet to us. She made up for the rudeness of our waitress. I would recommend this place to others but don't see myself coming back since I have many more places to try in little Italy!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/7/2013,57,120,,7,4>A real hidden gem in Linthicum!  Tucked away behind the fire station, from the road it's not easy to realize what they have here. Looks like just a parking area and a sign.  But get out of the car, walk over the ridge, and behold!  Picnic tables, a few in-ground charcoal grills, a tennis court, and park benches strategically placed along the path.The picnic tables are shaded nicely by the trees, but if you need to move one around a bit for some reason, you can because they are not chained down.  There are also trash cans so you don't have to carry it out.  A coworker told me the path goes around the border of the park but I haven't walked it yet.  Soon though. There is also a small stage there and apparently they have live musical performances some times on the weekends.  I'll be watching for those as well.Great place to take lunch to and eat outside away from the office!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/6/2013,76,346,2,4,4>Not much has changed here since I first moved to Maryland in the early 80's.  The musical selection has grown (but still includes the classics).  There are still people working there that have been there since I can recall.  The rink itself is in great shape, and the whole place is well maintained and clean.  All that's really missing is Missile Command.A good plan if you're going here with kids -- come for the group lessons!  You get a skate rental, a lot of time on the floor, and then free skating afterwards.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/5/2013,114,63,4,5,3>The food cart is awesome!  I still daydream about this meal.  The service is fast and the lines aren't extremely long at all.  Get the combo platter - chicken and lamb.  $6 for the whole platter and a drink?  Awesome deal!  You can ask them to put as much hot sauce as you want on it.  I've never been to the Halal cart in NYC so I can't compare but some say it's better than the one in NYC.  I know one thing for sure though...  The wait here certainly is a lot shorter than the one in NYC!  Pick up your meal in less than 5 minutes.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/4/2013,141,120,3,3,2>Nice spot to chill and is  really to close to my job.  These  buns are do die for...light flaky and some are buttery.   From the sweet to the savory, you will not go wrong.   A must try is the cheese & onion arrow follow with coffee.  Love to my mouth.   My breaks will now be just a little longer.  Open sitting and really nice decor.   Bring a book, a laptop,  or a craft (knitting) they have tables, single comfy chairs and big sofa.Why not the total 5 star?  When I asked any question the staff member did not have any answer but to say "you can ask the owner but he still won't know the answer"  WHAT?  Then walks in more customers who offered some suggestions.  Thankful I stayed will be back for sure.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,8/3/2013,145,325,,3,2>TriBeCa is one of the newer shops that popped up around the border between Station North and Mount Vernon areas. It's certainly a welcome addition as this area is lacking in nice coffeeshops.It's almost nondescript from the outside.  However, the inside has a great atmosphere--it's one of the best designed coffeehouse in Baltimore if you ask me.  It's clean, relatively-spacious, and trendy.  The drink menu is pretty straightforward; if you're the type of person who hates going to Starbucks because of the crazy lingo and super huge menu, you're gonna love TriBeCa.Anyways, I came here to study with a friend (and get some much needed caffeine). I ordered a cappuccino and sat down at a table. There's maybe 6 or 7 tables here plus a section of bar-style seating against a wall.  The tables vary in size from a large communal table to a small table that is a perfect size for a one-on-one conversation.  You'd probably want to get a bigger table if you're here to study (but you can manage on the small table too).  There are some outlets for your electronics and free wi-fi as well.When my cappuccino was called, it was served in a cute porcelain cup and dish.  It even came with latte art--though it was a slightly lopsided heart.  The coffee was solid.  I'd have preferred a little fuller body (maybe next time I'll ask for another shot of espresso) but it wasn't bad by any means.  I'll definitely come back to try the non-espresso coffees (which I prefer).  Seeing as how they sell french presses and even Chemex brewers, I'm interested and excited to see what they can bring to the table.I'll definitely be back as it's in my neighborhood.  It's also a welcome addition to Baltimore's coffee scene.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/2/2013,93,199,4,6,3>I have been here a few times over the years and most recently visited on Memorial Day this past weekend. This was my first visit to the aquarium as a parent. My daughter is a year old and we walked from the parking garage with our daughter in her stroller. Once inside (had corporate passes from work, so didn't pay for our tickets) we learned that strollers are not allowed to be taken into the aquarium. They have a free stroller check in (with about 50 strollers I could see already checked!) and will even give you a backpack carrier to put your child in so you don't have to carry your baby. We passed on that because it looked pretty ancient and uncomfortable. So between my husband and I we carried our daughter throughout most of the aquarium and let her walk in the places when it wasn't too crowded - which was few and far between. We went through the aquarium pretty quickly and wanted to watch the dolphin show, but the times were not posted anywhere for that. (You need to look them up online, which is not really convenient when you are there, standing in front of the entrance for the dolphin arena. I know, I know, everyone has smart phones, but still...) The best parts are the jellyfish exhibit, the shark tank and rain forest. However, carrying a toddler up and down the stairs so you don't slow down traffic in the humidity of the rain forest will get you SWEATY. Luckily my husband carried our daughter throughout most of our time in the aquarium. We saw a kid zone area, but it was incredibly tiny and disappointing. The sting ray exhibit was being renovated, so that was a bummer because that part is pretty cool.There is a food court and several snack kiosks throughout the aquarium, but they are pretty pricey. I suggest packing a few snacks and bringing them with you. Since I received the corporate passes for the aquarium from my work, we didn't have to pay admission or wait in the regular admission line. However, if we would have had to pay for our tickets, then I would only rate the aquarium with a three star review. Adult (ages 12-64) tickets are $34.95, children 3-11 are $21.95, seniors (65+) are $29.95 and children under 3 are free. I feel like those prices are too high for what you get. We were only there for two hours and I definitely would have been mad if we would have paid $70 (and parking!) for that. However, since the only thing we paid for that day was parking, I will let the aquarium slide with a 4 star review.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/1/2013,77,235,,6,4>Let me start off by saying, I love this place!  This salon is sort of off the beaten path, tucked away in a very small strip shopping center near Route 175 in Gambrills.  It is a very cute salon with pretty pink and black decor that is designed just for "us," women!  As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by one of the lovely ladies of the salon!These ladies are amazing and super friendly!!  I came in for a Brazilian wax and it went like a breeze!  As uncomfortable as getting a Brazilian can be, this went smoothly.  The ladies were super friendly and we had great conversation during such a "uncomfortable" yet rewarding experience!I will def be back to receive other services from the ladies!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,7/31/2013,74,176,2,12,4>Wow!!! Came here for lunch with my honey. We all know I love me some good pizza. And to me good pizza is hard to find... but supreme pizza is even harder to find. This is supreme pizza, at least my wheat marghrita pizza was supreme. I can't wait to go back. But I should wait until next week  ...he he he. They have weekday special, $6.93 1 slyce and salad everyday until 3pm. It also looks like they have some serious HH specials. I will have to drop by and experience them. They even have a pool table in the back...scoooreeeee  Lunch time crew around me had a wonderful looking pep and sausage pizza. mmmm mmmm mmm, i trying to refrain myself from just hoping on over to their table and taking a slice. You can build your own pizza or try one of their specialty pies. I really want to try the Pop-PieGarlic herb, baby spinach, caramelized onions, garganzola & goat cheeseIm giving them a 4, b/c my honey got the home salad and the chicken was supppppppppper dry. Their staff seemed to be pretty solid, they had newbies so they were being trained but all seem well. We got in and out in about 40 minutes. I dont do beer, but they had a pretty serious beer list. I cant believe I found to super supreme pizza joints in 2 weeks. ( see previous review) Oh Hey... super clean bathroom.  Yipppeeeee.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,7/30/2013,54,68,2,4,2>I can only talk about their private party accommodations because I've never eaten here otherwise.  AT will let you reserve their upper floor area for a party, and it was fantastic! From the moment I initially contacted them about hosting a private function there, their staff was very professional and helpful.  The upstairs area is a little narrow but there was enough space to comfortably hold about 30 of us.  The room has a bar, a bunch of T.V.s (including guitar hero set-up), tables, and a few other games.  We ordered cheese quesadillas, tater tots, wings, crab dip, and roasted bell pepper hummus from them for the party.  Everything was delicious (especially the tater tots and crab dip), except for the hummus.  The texture was really off.  But other than that, I loved this place and will definitely keep it in mind for any future parties and celebrations we want to have.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/29/2013,33,125,,6,4>For a place that's on the end of a block, Thai Elephant Wok is a hole in the wall. It's narrow and houses maybe twelve seats for patrons at small cafe tables with a big kitchen and a counter behind them. Even with yellow elephants painted on a red face, it's surprisingly easy to miss this place. It's also far enough up Broadway you may not wander onto it without meaning to come here.Sorry that I don't remember your name, but the previous reviewer who said the place is cold is right. Good thing the curry, and the soup, and service is warm. In a month or so it won't matter, thank goodness.I'm not sure I can give it 5 stars. "Extra spicy" didn't get me anywhere near my preferred level of spice. I talk about this problem on Yelp a lot. There just isn't enough chile. The massuman curry had some delightfully wavy carrot and potato pieces, but I was hoping for a little more substance in the sauce, delightful though it was.But I'm going to give the Elephant the ol' college try and I'm definitely going back for more data. Yes, that's it. Data. Research, if you will.You can drown in their Thai coffee. The glass was huge. I may have stuck my face in it a little. The crock dish the Tom Puck came in was even cute. We had two attentive and smiley waitresses, and the food was ready very quickly. Three of us had an entree and either an appetizer or a drink each and the check was still under $40 including tip.Rock. On.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,7/28/2013,80,198,5,5,4>Falafel in Mall... yuck! But wait there's more!!Yes Kabob Connection is in Columbia Mall and there is a huge selection of food in its Food court, but I still pick the Connection. Why you ask?The food of course! The food sooooo good! I have had their falafel, chicken kabob and chick peas! All are top notch, if not the best, def in the Top 3 within in Columbia. If you are scratching your head saying what is this guy talking about, good food in a mall... Kabob connection makes you a believer. Every time, been here at least 5-6 times, the food and service has be great. The Falafel sandwich/wrap is sooo very good. The falafel is tender buy crispy with the perfect mix of sauce and wrap (not to runny but not dry) They also give you two sides of sauces, one yogurt based and one that is hot and spicey.... your move! :) The chickpeas and the chicken kabob were great too, both very flavorful and well made with attention to not just flavor but texture, depth of flavor and over all taste! I am throughly impressed with Kabob connection and plan on coming back... heck I already have! So grab skewer and chow down!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/27/2013,144,117,6,17,6>I had to go here after another place messed up a nose piercing. I fell in love instantly. Since that first visit, I have had three more piercings and one tattoo, with two more tattoos and one more piercing scheduled. I just cannot recommend them enough. Everyone is very knowledgeable, and will take time to answer your questions and concerns. There is a female piercer on staff for those intimate piercings (yes, I have had that done, yes, it hurt for second, but it healed quickly and is awesome).Their tattoo artists range from good to great, and they will let you know up front who is best for the design you have picked out. They will also be very clear about how your tattoo will look over time, which I think is awesome. It would be so easy to take my money give me exactly what I want and not tell me that my cute little spirals are going to look like crap in a couple of years. But they don't. They understand better than anyone that this is a permanent part of who you are and they want you to look as happy with it on day one as on year ten. Great place, definitely check them out.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/26/2013,29,29,9,10,8>Full Disclosure:  I adore breakfast foods, especially biscuits and sausage gravy, they are my kryptonite.  So when I was told that Blacksauce Kitchen specialized in my favorite morning meal, I did the unthinkable...set my alarm clock for 8AM on Saturday in order not to miss my opportunity to indulge in a fluffy food fantasy full of buttermilk baked biscuits.  Groggy but eager, I managed to find BK at the Waverly Market - 32nd Street Farmers Market (or Sunday at the farmers market under JFX), and it did not disappoint.  In fact, it was an absolute food orgasm.  After savoring and sopping my first biscuit/gravy combo, I immediately stood in line and went back for seconds.  It was melt in my mouth perfection so heavenly that I know my Virginia born southern cookin' grandmother would throw down her rolling pin and scream "I'm not worthy."  The biscuits are dense buttery behemoths that are both moist, fluffy, and heavy all at once.  They are always golden brown, never a burnt bottom in the bunch.  I was impressed by the portion size and the complexity of the flavors in the Bacon Maple Biscuit.  Huge chunks of bacon and a hint of sweet syrupy loveliness makes each biscuit more than a meal...they are masterpieces.Now, some sorry suckers may say with regard to the breakfast sandwiches that there is too much biscuit and that the bread overwhelms the main ingredients of the meal. THOSE PEOPLE ARE WRONG AND SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO YELP! Seriously.  These sandwiches are perfect, and the biscuits only enhance what is already fantastic food. With that said, I am glad I got up early because despite the small number of reviews on Yelp, the word has spread and demand is significant considering the limited (but totally awesome) scope of this vendor.  Rest assured, BK is more than worth the price point and the lost sleep.For those who are interested in more than biscuits, BK does catering and offers a full sample menu on their Web site.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/25/2013,100,100,2,4,4>Spirits is awesome! I hosted a wine tasting for a local nonprofit I work with at Spirits. It was definitely the right venue!Organizing the event was a piece of cake with the help of the owner/manager Vicki (maybe Vicky? I don't know...). Vicki was excited about hosting our group and engaging with out organization. I don't know wine or event planning too well, but she made everything go smoothly! She helped me pick a great theme for the event (Wines of South America) and chose great wines to share with out group. She recommended the right cheese pairings to bring along. Prices for the tasting were great, making everyone happy. Beyond our little event, Spirits is a great shop. The whole store, from the atmosphere to the employees, is very inviting. I'll be back!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/24/2013,37,27,2,5,3>Sid Yoga is the best!! Started coming to classes about a year ago because it's so close to TU and they have a student discount! I really enjoy the hot yoga classes since it feels like you're really getting a workout (you're gonna SWEAT) , and I always leave feeling refreshed and energized. My boyfriend has started to tag along with me and he enjoys it as well, and for $8 community class (which they have almost everyday) the price is hard to beat. Mat rentals are also available, which is great if you only do yoga a few times a week. The studio is very clean and well kept. You can buy t-shirts and other merchandise in the front room, and the practice area in the back has cubbies where you can keep your work out bag/socks/whatever. Bathroom is very clean too, has two showers and you can rent a towel for $2. Very peaceful environment, and the instructors are great - everyone knows what they're doing. The pace can sometimes go pretty quickly, so if you're new to hot yoga it might be difficult to keep up at first, but the instructors are always there to help, and guide you with the positions. I live in Hampden, and go out of my way to come to Sid Yoga - mostly because they always have hot yoga,the price is great, and the instructors are the best! Namaste!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,7/23/2013,240,594,3,2,2>Holy moly. Now I finally understand what the yelp hype is about. One of the best meals I've had in Baltimore and with great service at a great price. Had the chicken shwarma platter (comes with a GENEROUS heaping of seasoned/garlic/juicy chicken, hummus, and salad) and tried a smattering of apps. The taboulleh was great as was the yogurt salad (super creamy). The service was perfection...how can you not fall in love with the cute old lady who owns and runs this place?? The prices were reasonable. And the ambiance was simple, small and probably authentic.  (I'm not Lebanese)Will be back soon, if I don't have time will def order for carry out!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,7/22/2013,416,145,5,8,5>Uncle Wiggly's is a small shop with two locations in Baltimore. This York Road location is just an Olympic javelin throw from the Towson University/St. Joseph Hospital traffic hubbub. If you're coming from Govans you might just miss it, if you're coming from Towson, you're sure to miss it. Just look for the intersection of York Rd & Regester and be prepared to make the left (Govans) or right (Towson). What prompted my trip to this small business a year ago was my search for some Taharka Brothers Ice Cream. Taharka Brothers is a locally owned ice cream business that originated from the Sylvan Beach Foundation (which has done great community service for disadvantaged youths of the Baltimore community over the years). What makes this type of ice cream stand out from your plain old Edy's or Baskin Robbins are the extraordinary tastes and flavors!  My list of tasty mentions include the Salty Caramel, Honey Graham, and Guinness (yes it tastes like the beer) just to name a few.Uncle Wiggly's is small on the inside and on a busy day you may find yourself feeling a bit claustrophobic. They have several tables inside to sit down with but I doubt you'd want to eat there unless you enjoy hind parts in your face while you dine. There is an outside seating section if you don't mind the various bugs flying around trying to get sample of your food, or your skin. The staff there is usually young in age but very well-mannered and pleasant, which is great considering there's so much middle and high school traffic in and out of the shop. As one of the few vendors here that supply a nice variety of Taharka Bros flavors (along with Edy's), what also makes this place great is that they boast great hot and cold sandwich specials to grab so as to not make you feel shamed that you drove across town on a near winter's day just for a cup of ice cream (that's just me? Oh ok). One star off because the sandwich combos are slightly pricey, but there's always coupon deals available through Livingsocial, Groupon or Certifikid giving you a good excuse to venture out with the family (or by yourself to buy enough to feed a small family) so keep your eyes peeled for one and jump on the opportunity to go support this business.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,7/21/2013,150,192,1,6,3>Let me tell you,  your days eating at Don Pablos, and some other Latin wannabe establishments are over! It's time to open up your palate's hirozon to the REAL deal! This is the place where I usually go for the true latin flavors, when I have that craving for the real thing. I have vastly travelled to Central America or visited la familia in California to know.  So when I moved to Baltimore I started to come here, even  when this was called El Trovador. Since then nothing has really changed other than the name and maybe ownership. Cook seems to be the same.The floor plan is large with tables at the front and some in the back, with a bar in the middle and a possible dance floor right across from it.  We all know latinos love their soccer, so you will find a few tvs with soccer games on.Contrary to one of the reviews, I have never had bad service here, and I have been coming for a while. One thing is true the latinos will ask for extra chips instead of assuming that the server will bring more. So don't be shy and ask your server to bring you some more. Food? Ummm.... what to say about the food. Authentic, and large proportions. They make everything at home, pupusas (Salvadorenan tortilla filled with meats or cheese or beans or a combination), soups, tacos, and even orchata ( a lovely milky non alcoholic drink), tostadas ( the infamous fried plantain slices.)The food is what I would call a mix of Centro- American and Mexican. The prices are excellent. A pupusa for $2, wow and you can get filled with 3. They also carry a wide variety of cocktails - American and Latin, and a nice variety of Latin beers. One of their specialties, are the sopas, soups all hand prepared. Beef, seafood (my fav), chicken and even tripe. In fact you will soon notice that the large hispanic clientele usually will order a sopa instead of classic tacos or enchiladas. Latin style breakfast is served any time. Just look for it on the menu.PS, the busy night tends to be Saturday evening. Latin music is always playing here and sometimes it tends to be too loud, if this happens, let them know and they will lower the volume. I have never had issues with parking, there is plenty down Broadway. Well, I have also come here most of the times on a weekday. I am sure that on the weekend, when  Fells Point is hopping it might be a little harder.Oh don't forget the desert, great homemade choices.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,7/20/2013,21,61,3,5,3>Holy. Crap. This review is for the Peanut Butter Oreo concoction alone. I'm so glad I live nowhere near this place. I'm sure I would be 20lbs heavier if this were within reach. Seriously. Get it. That being said, I'm sure the other flavors are just as fabulous. I'm just partial to peanut butter... and chocolate... Another bonus about this place is that their ice cream is creamy, dreamy, and solidly hard. There's nothing worse than rushing to finish every bite before it melts in a puddle. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/19/2013,99,112,,4,4>I've been to spirits a few times and have always enjoyed it. The bartender knows his beers and isn't bashful about pouring spirits. As other reviewers have stated there is a pool table and yes it is free, there is also video games, and two TVs playing movies or sports in the background. You can tell this is a local dive bar, that is frequented often by the locals and not so locals.I recently stopped in on a Friday for happy hour with friends and they were dishing out a free taco spread. It was just what the doctor ordered, I got a few cold cheap drafts and while I filled up on tacos and chips. I was impressed because not many bars have free food nights and this was a treat for the patrons, the layout had chicken, beef, re-fried beans, diced tomatoes in salsa, cheese, fresh made guacamole, and chips. It was created your own tacos so I tried both the chicken and beef with some of the re-fried beans and whatever fixings I was in the mood for, they tasted great. I eventually decided to make nachos with the chips because I needed some crunch mixed in. Next time I come back I will have to try something off the menu.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/18/2013,52,168,3,3,3>The original. The classic. Long term Baltimorians will recall the second attempt (now Pratt Street Ale House) but this is the one you always loved. The Wharf Rat is the classic Fells drinking spot. It's atmosphere is intimate, and you may well get shoulder and elbows next to your neighbors at the bar or the next table, but it's cool. You are all there for the same reason: to have some cold brew and debate the O's starting rotation. Or the Ravens. The locals are friendly, so venture out from the Inner Harbor you convention-goers and grand prix fans. If you want to have a real drink with real people, this is the spot.Authentic is the first word that comes to mind, especially on a nice day with the doors and windows open. The bar on the back side opens the main room up, if you're not into squeezing into the front. The bartenders are great, and the beer selection will take care of you just fine. Oh, try and get to the men's room during a heated pool match - dare you.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/17/2013,17,163,,4,1>Went to Garbanzo for the first time the other night after expressing for quite a while that I wished we had a "Chipotle" styled restaurant for mediterranean food. There are several options of how to build your meal. We opted for a falafel plate with the works. It was pretty exciting to sample all the toppings and sides they have. The falafel was okay. Not dry, but very crunchy on the outside. The hummus was really good both taste and texturally. I'm usually really picky about blending flavors on my plate, but everything mixed together nicely. The cilantro sauce was a great way to top it off. A nice addition to the quick, casual, under $18 dining out options.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,7/16/2013,113,165,,8,2>What a great find! I was searching for a good breakfast spot somewhat near Arundel Mills Mall and I absolutely refused to give in to an IHOP, Denny's, Mimi's, etc. I wanted somethng diner-esque and this place was perfect. My husband was very skeptical when I told him where we were going, "Linthicum Luncheteria, really?!" and I love proving him wrong. He loved it and already wants to go back ASAP. He has benefited so many times from my awesome Yelp finds!The inside is very casual & homey, but it was more modern/updated than I was expecting and there were a lot of booths and tables for seating. We sat ourselves and had a really nice waitress. The menu was small, but pretty much had everything you could want for breakfast. The coffee was good and the refills kept coming! I had the scrambled eggs with bacon (perfectly crisp), hashbrowns (really good, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside), and toast (amazingly soft & buttery) for only $6 and it was SO much food. My husband had an equally delicious omelette that also came with homefries & toast for about $7. We loved how the dishes were like dishes you use at home. The bathrooms were clean, which is always a plus for me. I'm a breakfast lover and this is exactly what I have been looking for. Can't wait for a free weekend morning to go back!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,7/15/2013,39,123,,7,6>What happens when you combine a farm to table concept, exceptional food, a modern upscale yet laid back setting, excellent service, and excellent drinks? Fleet Street Kitchen of course! This relatively new restaurant seems to make all the right moves and continues to impress. Conveniently located in Harbor East, Fleet Street Kitchen sits next to its sister restaurants TenTen and Bagby Pizza Company.Appetizers include options such as roasted beet salad with a borscht emulsion sauce, or a split pea soup with ricotta served table-side.  Some heartier options showcased butter-poached lobster, crispy pork belly with a smoked maple glaze, and caramelized scallops with spring vegetables. The menu changes very frequently based on the what is seasonally available, so by the time you read this the menu will probably be drastically different. We sampled the split pea soup, which had a velvety smooth consistency and a wonderful fresh aroma from the spring peas and mint. The dish comes to the table with ricotta in the center before the waiter pours the hot pea soup around the bowl. The spring peas had a nice bite and worked perfect with the rich yet airy ricotta cheese and the pungent mint. Our friends who were dining with us that evening ordered the roasted beet salad, which was one of the more beautiful plates I have seen. They both raved about the borscht emulsion sauce, which tied the entire plate together.It was very difficult to pick between entrees. With options such as Chesapeake Bay rockfish with clam and bacon stew and leg of lamb with charred ramps and parsnips, it sounded as if you couldn't go wrong. I settled on the rockfish with spinach clam and bacon stew. The dish sounds a mess but when it arrives to your table it all makes sense. The skin of the beautifully fresh rockfish was seared until extra crispy, while still leaving the pearly white flesh completely juicy. The generous center cut portion of fish sat atop a very light seafood stew, which had a green color from the spinach. The stew featured items such as leeks, bacon lardons and various shellfish. Each component of the dish was perfect on its own but was absolutely delicious when combined in the same forkful. We also had the roasted leg of lamb, served with faro, parsnips and charred ramps. When the dish arrived we were pleasantly surprised to see the leg of lamb was cut into thick pieces as if it was a steak. The overall concept was to make a relatively inexpensive cut of lamb taste and eat like a steak with some lighter grains and vegetables as the accompaniment. Yet another truly delicious dish, so mission accomplished.Our fellow diners ordered the roasted farm chicken and the 30 day aged ribeye steak. The chicken was served in a somewhat classic French preparation, in which the chicken is separated by section, leaving the golden brown crispy skin intact on each section. The chicken was perfectly cooked and very moist, as it sat beside brussel sprouts, creamy polenta and Fleet Street Kitchen bacon - a perfect dish for any palette. The ribeye was grilled and then pre-sliced into thick portions, served with a crispy potato hash, house made sauerkraut and veal jus. I must admit the portion of the steak was not what you would expect, being a bit small to be really considered a hearty dinner like the other entrees. Jacob assured me the steak was very delicious however, as we all cleaned our plates.Although all of us were already admittedly stuffed from the appetizers and entrees, the desserts sounded to intriguing to pass up. Most options are classic dessert items but often with a modern twist and/or deconstructed presentation. For example the carrot cake cheesecake, which had square chunks of carrot cake that sat atop various sauces or textures, each representing a different flavor of the carrot cake as a whole. The dessert was as gastronomically pleasing as it was aesthetically pleasing - a hard feat considering the work of art each dish is. I was really craving coffee after our meal so my friend pointed out that Fleet Street had an affogato on the menu. I had never heard of such a thing before, but an affogato is a shot of espresso poured over a dollop of vanilla ice cream.  Lemon ginger snap cookies are served alongside the beverage for dipping. It was the perfect after dinner drink.After our meal we were in awe as to how good everything was. The food was as delicious as it was creative - each dish perfectly executed and beautifully plated. The farm to table concept is really exemplified at Fleet Street Kitchen. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a different Baltimore dining experience, or anyone just looking for a great meal - enjoy.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/14/2013,47,291,,4,2>AMAZING!  I am quickly working my way down the menu and so far it has not disappointed yet.  The Venice is amazing, the Brie sandwich (add turkey for $2) is cheesy and flavorful and the signature London Broil is moist and flavorful.  The bread makes the meal and you never get too much of the lettuce or sandwich accessories.  Can't beat the price, $8-$10 for a sandwich and a drink.  Seating is tight so get there early, it is a local hotspot at the lunch hour.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,7/13/2013,74,28,4,7,4>One of my FAVORITE places downtown!I go at LEAST once a week for the all you can eat buffet (11am- 2pm) ** try to go either exactly at 11 or 1ish because if not you'll catch the lunch crowdThe food is exceptional and they change the all you can eat menu regularly-- It's a party in your mouth and you never know who's invited until you pick up your plate and fork!I have never been disappointed with anything on their menu-- and I would like to think I have a boujie palette :-)Enjoy!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,7/12/2013,181,147,,7,4>So I arrived in Baltimore recently, and I was looking for a good soul/southern food spot to check out, and I found this, and I will say that it was one of best culinary decisions I made in a very long time!!! haha!First off, this place just finished their renovations and expansion, and there is so much potential for it to be a great dining and entertainment spot for sure.  The place consists of a few tables and chairs, bench like booths, and some loungey furniture to rest after eating a huge meal of good fried food! :)  It has a very homey-R&B vibe going for it from my 1st impression.In addition, this place has a small stage for local acts/musicians to play their music while you wine & dine! haha! I was told that LIVE entertainment is provided mostly Fri. & Sat., all locally, ranging from Jazz to Indie Rock, VERY COOL!!!So I had the fried chicken and with a sweet potato waffle.  I've never had a sweet potato waffle before, and WOW it was not that heavy, but more thick in consistency than a Belgian, but it paired well with my fried chicken.  The fried chicken was not that greasy, it was cut into delectable strips, with a nice seasoned flavor to it!  Overall, this was an EXCELLENT dish, and I recommend it highly!I also had a half and half sweet ice tea-lemonade.  It was very good, not that sweet, and you can really taste that it was homemade!  Actually, all the condiments from the ranch, syrup, and many more are made from scratch/homemade.  Except for the butter, oh well, haha!I wanted to try their bread pudding, but I was stuffed, and I had a long day ahead of me, so I did not have the courage to go it !  I was told, they do  a Southern style mainly, but flavors may vary from a regular Southern style to "3 berry style"  I was going to give this place 4 stars, but I know for a fact from the owner himself, that the bread pudding is AMAZING, and even made him into bread pudding fan, like myself, so for that fact plus the friendly service, food, and cool ambiance I give this place 5 stars.I SHALL BE BACK FOR SURE SOON, to try that bread pudding and to listen to some good LIVE music!!!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/11/2013,121,195,,6,6>So me and my friend came here for a dinner one week ago in the evening and it was deserted.What transpired over the next two hours was a rather splendid meal with solid appetisers, drinks and entrees that the server/bartender customised with suggestions to our palette.As someone who doesn't appreciate most kinds of booze/wine, the server introduced me to a couple of things that were rather fabulous and perfect for me.I'm quite sure I'll return here.Excellent service and attentiveness/sensitivity to our idiosyncratic tastes.This place needs the business and you should go.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/10/2013,219,293,4,10,8>I've never been to any other fried chicken place that has such flavors; soy garlic and hot Korean style wings. I've also never been to another Bonchon. I love fried chicken and I love Korean food.It's been a little while since I've been here but the food here along with their service was amazing. My brother and I ordered a large combo which consists of 15 wings and 8 drums. Half soy garlic and the other half, spicy Korean style. We also ordered some radish, kimchi, Korean pancakes, and chicken katsu. A bunch of food for just the 2 of us!What I love about fried chicken is the combination of the crispy flavorful skin and the tender, juicy and succulent meat. This place nails it. Soy garlic flavored wings were sweet and flavorful. Their hot wings had a kick to it, but they weren't really spicy.I see people complaining about the ratio of the price and size of their wings. I understand their feelings but in my opinion, the size of the wings doesn't matter. What matters to me is the texture and flavor of the wings. Both the texture and flavor of the wings hit the spot. The kimchi was good, I'm not a big fan of Korean pancakes in general but it was great there. Not a big fan of their radish but I really liked their chicken katsu; fried, crispy, goodness.The service was impeccable. Our waiter was very attentive and the manager Phil treated us like VIP's. It was a great experience.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/9/2013,18,54,3,9,7>I've been getting more and more into Scotch. I don't remember the last time I had a glass of wine. I may have turned my back on it, and most other spirits, for good. Nothing compares to that full-bodied, mind-blowing, face-punching nectar of the gods, each one so different from the other, always more subtleties to discover and revisit.So, this is my new favorite bar.  It was a great opportunity to try some new ones (with half-pours that were probably at least two shots!). The owner knows all about whisky, and the menu is well organized - color coded and even comes with a map for us visual people. It wasn't crowded early evening on Thursday, and the other people drinking were all obviously regulars. Good conversation. Absence of creepiness and leering and fratboys.  When we mentioned we were getting Indian food she offered us Indian Scotch. If you don't like whisky, you probably shouldn't be reviewing a whisky bar.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/8/2013,28,145,,8,3>Overall:  My Baltimore #1. A unique, insultingly cheap menu of simple ingredients that consistently stun as combined. Excellent alcohol, beer to cocktails. A staff that eats the menu regularly and knows it back to front. Jack's is gastro-pleasure on another level, doing it's own thing so very damn well._________________________________Ambiance: 4/5. Tucked in a Canton corner. Easy to miss. Hours aren't helpful and crowds flock suddenly, so arrive before dinner and share the buzz as it quickly fills. Bottleneck at the side entrance during a wait, but  the decor, bathroom, and lighting is laid back, simple, unassuming. The three booths fill first, then the bar, then the dining room. Table angles provide intimacy._________________________________Service: 5/5. Bartenders throw out recommendations. Friendly, attentive servers are willing to play menu games, pick items, and decide food delivery order. Bartenders and servers are well-versed in the myriad of kitchens' cooking techniques. Food is done FAST yet I've never received a cold plate. You're helped as you walk in. Not as polished as Woodberry, but as hands-off._________________________________Drinks: 5/5. Balanced and unassuming. Here there is no deference to one form of alcohol, and this surpasses other restaurants easily as a result:- The beer list is easily better than any Baltimore restaurant of like-quality.The wine list is small but very solid. Mixed drinks are insane, 5-6 so far and none are less than great. Sargento Pimento, Flor de Hibiscus, and the jalepeno-infused chocolate bitters are all fantastic._________________________________Food: 5/5. The most complete and diverse menu I've seen in the city, and done through such cheap simplicity. There's so much genius in the pairings, the pure integration of flavors, the textural mastery. Worst to say is that each dish is so rich in flavor that you're bound to feel ultra full. (best to worst)1) Smoked Tomato - Juicy texture, always fresh, still warm when it arrives. The smoked component sends the brain spinning before the fried feta screams contrast, itself a textural achievement of internal richness vs. delicate exterior. The garnish adds more attention. Perfect. I get one every time I go. 2) Guinness meat and grits - The steak in Guinness and jalapeno brown sauce is decadent, sweet, and lightly chewy when paired with the city's best, smoothest, most richly flavored grits. They melt in your mouth. I get them every time I go. 3) Filet Tartare w/ mushroom, soy, wanton - Tartare texture and flavor preserved amidst smokey soy. The light wanton are incredible, crunchy contrast and the saltiness enhances the soy. Amazing twist on tartare and a large improvement on their more traditional take.4) Shrimp and Jicama, Grapefruit salad - Shrimp and grapefruit are wonderfully paired, texture and profile, and accompanied by a julienned jicama crunch lest you think the dish too flesh-textured.5) Gnocchi with flowers - Incredibly delicate myriad of flavors, and all melt in your mouth. Salty and flavorful, balanced if slightly over-rich. Insanely edible.6) Mac and Cheese and Chocolate - Invokes an earthy switch on expectations: chalky chocolate dryness allows the creamy texture and sweetness of the cheese to thrive. Perfect point-counterpoint. Could use a texture contrast as singularly creamy.7) Filet Tartare with pita, bread - Awesome meat and incredibly light, no sauce or onion issues despite lacking egg or capers. Still a bit plain, and the pita doesn't provide the requisite crunch contrast.8) Crispy Sous Vide Pork belly BBQ - Crispy, fatty, and falling apart, the pickled vegetables provide the crunchy contrast to highlight what sous vide does for meat. The spicing and veggie selection leaves it strongly Asian, but that may only make it more amazing.9) Smoked Shishito Peppers - Had these at Churchkey in DC, where they were plain, boring. Here the soy yields tang, the crisp preserved, and the refreshing crunch aided by dressing. 10) Tuna Tartare - Creamy texture snaps with bright pineapple and grape. Lightly fishy in the finish, but makes up as delicately spicy. Appropriately balanced by the sweet squash crisp on top. Consistency a bit thick, but otherwise great.11) Roasted Bone Marrow - one of the weaker restaurant marrows I've had, bloodier and spongier than the preferred butter-consistency. Served with pita, which is also a poor textural choice, and no side-salt or capers. But the light onion salad is a fantastic  accompaniment, citric and acidic enough to cut the texture and richness, refreshing the palate each time.12) Sous Vide Argentine Steak - Gamey prep, a bit tough, the chimichuri adds lightness to meal, highlights steak texture, and is amazingly bright.13) Lamb Pasta - lamb flavor is hidden in sauce a bit but adds light earthy sauce, texture from pasta nice. Plain otherwise.See below for the rest.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,7/7/2013,197,128,11,4,4>Ain't no-bo-dy dope as Nalley, they dish so fresh, so fresh and so green green!! Don't you think dat salad's tasty? All dressed in sauce and some leafy things things! Love it when they rice bowl me, n' their wraps, dey stuffed with doze veggies and beans beans!!In addition to inspiring impromptu urban odes in their honor, Nalley does lunch right. Huge selection of savory grilled meat, from chipotle chicken to pulled pork and seafood gumbo, a cornucopia of crunchy fresh veggies, and an assortment of toppings, dressings, and broths, your rice bowl, wrap, or salad is sure to induce a Snowmageddon-style shoveling act. But with food. Into your mouth. Get some.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,7/6/2013,52,67,2,5,2>Affordable, friendly staff, and delicious... home-cookin... super-authentic Ethiopian food, this place is truly worth a high rating.  A "hole in a wall" place, but uniquely decorated with decors made from Ethiopia, don't be deceived by the looks of this place.  Their menu is nice and short (you only have an option of 12 dishes), and the staff are patient in explaining to uncultured people like myself on dishes that would match my taste.  As said before, this place is really authentic, so be prepare to eat with your hands and an awesome Ethiopian experience.  The lamb entrée I ordered was cooked to perfection with spices and peppers as complements to an already juicy/cooked lamb meat.  Not only was the lamb cooked well, the flatbread was outstanding as well. It was moist and soft, and to the best of my ability of taste description, it tasted like sourdough bread.  They also will give you three pieces of these bread, and they are the size of an extra large pizza (18"), so I guarantee you will not be hungry after your meal.The best part is the meal was very affordable.  $10 for a full meal, what a great deal!!!!!!!!  Everything is about this place is good.  So if you want to try something different for a change, come and try out Ebenezer, it will not disappoint.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,7/5/2013,27,66,3,8,5>The Market is comprised of Atwater's (soups/coffee/gourmet cheese/charcuterie/bread), with two handfuls of other vendors featuring prepared foods with sit down spaces, produce, imported italian goods, a wine shop and a proper butcher.  That said, this is my favorite indoor market that I've encountered outside of NYC since moving East, bustling with crowds during brunch hours on a weekend or the lunch rush during the week.  This is the place to pick up your specialty goods for entertaining, your good coffee for home brew (Counter Culture via Atwater's), fresh local milk, cream and cheeses and take away sizes of fresh soups and fresh baked bread.  What I love the most...? The people watching of course! Park yourself at one of the bars or tables with a cup or a bite and while away the time.  (It can be a bit drafty during the cold months, so layer up!)
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,7/4/2013,71,270,5,4,4>Who doesn't love Santoni's? It kind of makes you feel like you live in Stars Hollow (bonus points to anyone who gets that reference). I grew up in this neighborhood. It used to be a pretty big deal to be allowed to walk from Glyndon Pool to Santonis. Then again, back then I typically didn't have more than some spare change, so I usually ended up with just a Cow Tail or Linda's Lollipop. Luckily, I now have (slightly) more than 75 cents in my pocket and can enjoy the full offerings of Santonis. This isn't the type of grocery store where you do your one-stop shop. It would just be silly to buy paper towels or toilet paper here (unless you're literally fresh out and don't feel like driving...). The reason to go here is the prepared foods counters, bakery (biscotti, scones, and muffins are yum), and deli. My boyfriend says they make the best Italian Sub he's ever had. And of course there's the great neighborhood feel, too.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,7/3/2013,90,149,2,5,4>Hooray!!! After years of searching for decent Mexican food in Maryland...folks we have a winner. The food was fresh...not greasy or fried like traditional American Mexican restaurants. The queso was fresh, sauces were homemade not canned, chips were just out of the fryer, guac was fresh made to order...omg this place is great!! Even my Sangria had actual liquor in it and wasn't watery. This is such a refreshing change from Mi Casa and Pachangas. This place just placed those in the Taco Bell category.I am so excited I failed to mention the awesome rattan booths that were elegant and very Miami looking. The bar was nice...the service was with a smile and the tres de leches cake was the bomb!Yeah!! Thank you owner!!! We so needed this place. You need to advertise though...people don't know who you are!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,7/2/2013,187,290,3,17,3>I feel like I am cheating on my chics in Temple Hills, but I need my hair done, and I only had $30. I went to Yelp and came to this salon. The salon is very nice and clean. Nothing too fancy, but it doesn't have a grimy feel like some Dominican salons that I have visited. The gentleman at the the desk asked me what I needed and told the young lady who promptly escorted me to the shampoo bowl. Her shampooing skills were on point ;-) She was very gentle with my hair which hasn't been relaxed in a very looooooooooog time. I didn't get a deep conditioner, so my hair was rolled immediately. I sat under the dryer, but oddly enough, the dryer wasn't that hot to me. After my hair was dry, she took out the rollers and started the "blowout". My hair looked great. It was light, bouncy, and gorgeously feathered. Not only was my hair looking fly (I received so many compliments.), but the cost was $26 any day. The other Dominican salon would charge $45 (except Wednesdays which is $15 off any service). Dominican Beauty Salon WILL BE my go-to salon on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays!!!!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,7/1/2013,51,19,5,9,4>I've been meaning to try Hip Hop Fish & Chicken, so when this establishment opened near my apartment I took it as a sign that I finally needed to try it out. While its very near to the red light district and all of its glory, its on the other side of the 7/11 so it is much less shady than you might think. The inside is spotlessly clean.There is minimal seating inside (just like a burger king or mcdonalds), but I found it easiest to call ahead and pick up the order in person. As for the food, I agree that they must put some special crack based additive to their batter because there is no other way it could taste so good. I had chicken, but we also ordered catfish bites (pretty tasty) and some hush puppies (only mediocre).Its worth it to get the combo, and their portions are very generous. While the  hush puppies and fries were just mediocre, the fried goods are delicious. I'll be back (but not too frequently since I don't want a heart attack).
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/30/2013,183,700,2,11,5>I'm going to have to hand it to Hersh's Pizza & Drinks. They're likely the best pizza place in Baltimore and definitely my favorite thus far. I'm not sure where to start, but for a place known for pizza and drinks, they sure can make appetizers, small plates, salads, and pastas just as fantastic as the pizzas. I am so impressed...Definitely check out the prosciutto balls. We also had the wood-fired shrimp and calamari. I'm unable to describe this dish accurately with my limited vocabulary, but it's pretty darn good. In addition, I've never had a better chopped salad. I didn't even think that you could make chopped salad with brussell sprouts. It's an amazing concoction. Give the oxtail ragu pasta a shot. It's well prepared and you won't regret it. As for pizza, I tried the Kale & Pistachio and the Salsiccia, both fabulous and impressive. I never imaged that kale and pistachio could make for such great flavor and taste. I'd had overly dry pistachio toppings on pizza before, but this one was perfect. The kale wasn't overwhelming either. The Salsiccia was classic -- sausage and red peppers and greatness. Also, as an FYI, the cocktails and mixed drinks here are different and tasty. I would like to highlight the immaculate service we received. Our server was pleasant, friendly, and very attentive -- probably also the best service we've received at any restaurant in Baltimore. Note that parking is a headache, but I'm definitely going to Hersh's again and again and again...
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,6/29/2013,38,182,7,11,5>The  place is beautiful. The amount of time, money and creative energy infused in every detail of the restaurant's remodeling is truly awe inspiring.  From the dark hardwood floors, sleek white table tops to intricate fabrics on the chairs and handmade stained glass mirrors in the bathroom, the 13th floor bleeds beauty. It LOOKS WAAAY better than it ever has. Now to the food.. we're on a bit of a diet so I really couldn't experiment as much as I would have liked. However, we started with the scallops and risotto and they was delicious. The scallops were cooked PERFECTLY. The sweet pea risotto with mushrooms was a delicious accompaniment. And like the restaurant itself, the dish was a marvel to look at. We also ordered the ahi tuna soft shell tacos and grilled asparagus. Both were simple, fresh and light. The only thing I sent back were the brussel sprouts because they were tasteless and steamed (not grilled as indicated on the menu). We had the flour-less chocolate cake for dessert, which was also light and tasty.  The food did take a while but it was worth the wait. I would have also liked to have had a few more options to select from. Now to the service. In short, its EXCELLENT. Out waiter was attentive, our hostess was extremely kind and the manager (Chris) was over the top friendly. The BEST aspect of the evening was the FREE Jazz. It began promptly at 10pm and went until 1am. On Friday we saw the Sara Jones trio, who were incredible. It was an added perk to the evening and really made it worthwhile. After all, where can you go and enjoy jazz without paying a cover? No where!As for all of the negative reviews about this place... I think their unjustified. I notice alot of people complained about being kicked out of the 13th floor because of the way they dressed Al I can say is, what's wrong with having a dress code? If it keeps the rats out, then its a good thing. Plus, I like making an effort to appear as though I bathe regularly and press my pants. If you want to be around a bunch of gangsters or whiny hippie idiots, go somewhere else.The 13th floor wants to be classy and if it means telling people they can't where their pants below their ankles then so be it!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,6/28/2013,21,72,3,10,6>Last month there was a streak of 90+ degree weather and high humidity for about a week. So getting into a car and driving with the sun beaming down on my arms prompted me to get my windows tinted ASAP. I'm not sure why I didn't tint my windows before, because I had the same car last summer... ??? BUT it's probably because I've been riding around in my boyfriends car with tinted windows and the sun never burns my arms.I found out that the MD tint laws state your tint must allow more than 35% of light into the vehicle.  Believe it or not most cars already have a bit of a tint on the windows. So if you get 35% or more, the extra tint already on your windows will take you past the legal limit. They will have you sign a document that states that they informed you of the tint laws, BUT  they will go ahead and tint your windows as dark as you'd like. I believe you can get a ticket for having windows that are too dark, so just be mindful of that. Not sure if they really pull you over for that, unless your windows are pitch black. I see so many cars that have tinted windows past 35%, I really wouldn't worry about it. I'm not going to share the tint that I purchased for my car, because I am not admitting to any crime! lol. I did purchase the tint with a lifetime warranty against bubbling and all that jazz, which costs a bit more than the basic tint. Anywho, I made a early morning Saturday appointment. The lady/receptionist was "friendly and informational" so she was knowledgeable regarding the differences in the tints available. I was in around 9am and out by 10:15am. I was amazed... you mean my car is already ready?! lol.  My total was about $200 bucks for a two door coupe. The tint looked good! After I drove away, I noticed that they didn't clean up very well near the back windows of my coupe... so I had to wipe it down with a cloth myself. It doesn't really affect the tint, I know, but still come on techs, clean up after your work! (-1 star)I couldn't roll my windows down for 48 hours to allow it to dry and solidily set, so don't be absent minded and roll the windows down because it could ruin the tint! They will fix it, but you'll have to go another 48 hours...I would definitely recommend this place! I've had my tint for over a month now, and there are no signs of cracks, peeling or bubbling. That was probably my biggest fear, because everyone has seen some bad tint jobs. Just pay the money (prices start at $120) for a good quality tint and you will not be disappointed!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,6/27/2013,747,595,3,9,5>Hon-estly I wish I had came here years before my most recent visit, because I seriously didn't know what I  truly was missing in life....Chap's. The food is amazing, minus the whole location portion, I mean there is nothing wrong with the GC I just couldn't see bringing a family around it....Anyway I tried the Chap's special sub with corned beef, ham, and more thinly sliced beef all pilled high on a roll with melted American cheese and then I topped this sandwich with a light layer of Tiger sauce ... RAWR! I also used the sauce on their fresh handcut fries too!Over all everything I could have ever wanted from a BBQ joint and located right in Baltimore and just minutes from Canton, Fell's, Patterson Park area.  5 stars great experience!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,6/26/2013,179,63,2,4,3>I can never resist Pitango. Especially now that the heat and humidity are settling in, I can't help but pop into Pitango every time I'm in the neighborhood. Or not in the neighborhood. Let's be real. I seek it out. Anyway, I'm sure all their flavors are fantastic, but the ones that I've really really come to enjoy are the Black Tea, Spicy Chocolate (which is seasonal, I think, and it was missing the last time I went. Tear), and Orange Dark Chocolate (sounds strange but reallllllyyyy good). And I'm not normally a fan of chocolate but there you have it! A lot of people complain that it's pricey but really...it's the best around and you get what you pay for. ALSO, did you know that Pitango caters?! I'm super excited to be hosting an event soon where we will be serving Pitango gelato. PUMPED. I'll probably eat the majority of what we order but hey. That's okay. The cool thing is they've devised a system to keep the gelato cool without having to plug the freezers in!!!! I thought that was pretty cool....just me? okay.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/25/2013,139,351,1,8,5>This park is amazing.It's giant.It has a pond.It has a PAGODA!There's an ice rink, football fields, dog park, open space, sculptures, playground, etc.It's a gem surrounded by the city.Love it.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,6/24/2013,49,154,6,3,1>This is one of mom-and-pop places that makes Catonsville a great town and Columbia look like a place that "Chose Civility and Horrible Chain Restaurants".Open for breakfast and lunch, Duesenberg's is a staple for anytime I have out-of-town guests. I will make the haul from Charm City all the way out to the County for a weekend breakfast here. Though I am a fan of those tomato-and-vodka-tinted brunches that bleed into hazy afternoons, Duesenberg's is a spot to get great food (an plenty of it) and get on with your day.The menu reads like a book, but here are a few of the highlights:- Farmers Market omlette - loaded with seasonal fresh vegetables- Lost in LA - bacon, swiss and avocado topped cheeseburger with sweet potato fries- Catfish Po' boy - catfish fillets with spicy cajun mayoSeating is limited though, so dress warm, you may have to wait outside. Not much merits juicing up the old car for an inter-county trip these days, but Duesenberg's is one of the few exceptions.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,6/23/2013,266,311,3,2,2>Oh me oh my!  After my yummy sandwich why not get me a lovely dessert. Yes! I got two cannolis. One was chocolate and the other was a regular. I thought it was pretty awesome, they weren't pre made, I mean the shells where but you know what I mean. I inhaled them in about 1.5 seconds. Too greedy. Geez! I also got a cappuccino, I thought it was rather bitter, but it was pretty cool that all of the hot beverage selections come with a cookie. I love desserts, and coffee I'm going back!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/22/2013,75,55,,4,4>This is on of my favorite go to locations for Friday happy hour. They have a great selection of wines and mixed drinks, it is a little on the pricer side, but in this area the alternative is a bunch of dingy college bars. They have a nice selection of mixed drinks and 6 solid rotating beers. One is from Maryland, one is regional, a few from Europe and then something off the wall and strange..  Never have I been in here and have tried all the beers, always something new to try. I normally opt for some of the very reasonably priced glasses of wine, or a manhattan. They make a delicious manhattan. The crowd is slightly older but that is a nice change of pace, no one is in a rush and they are always in a super chill laid back mood. One day the Mayor even stopped in, btw, she is even prettier in person!One cool thing to note re: food is that you can order and pay for food in any of the other market "food shops" inside the attached market and they will bring it to your table in Grand Cru. I think this place is solid and never disappoints.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,6/21/2013,49,114,,4,3>Bikram Yoga Hampden has earned an upgrade from me. I've now been coming here regularly for 9 months or so and have really come to appreciate the high quality of the instruction and the management here. The space continues to be beautiful and clean, and the owners take the time to get to know the clients and answer any questions fully (whether yoga or payment related). They've gotten me hooked on the 26 and 2 and no workout or yoga practice can quite compare. I feel stronger and healthier since I started practicing Bikram yoga here.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/20/2013,49,138,6,8,5>I'm pretty lucky to work so close to DNM. You see, I work within walking distance of the Columbia Mall. Some days me and my coworkers pow-wow over where to go for lunch. The mall is always the obvious and convenient choice, but typically accompanied with ughs and mehs for its mediocrity and predictability. The better alternative is the cozy cafe (built for smaller and healthier vegetarian and vegan type bodies) in the heart of David's. Daily, made-to-order specials are dished out by friendly staff, and a static menu of mostly sandwiches and wraps are always available. The specials and soups are usually pretty well crafted and solid portion and flavor wise, but you better love kale (EAT MOR KALE). As for the fixed menu stuff, take it from a meat loving man, the portabello and powerhouse sandwiches will somehow make you not miss meat. In fact, to emphasize the point, I got the powerhouse with turkey added, for s's&g's, and it was a mistake. My more vanilla-paletted and compulsory meat eating coworkers love the chicken salad sandwiches. Personally if I'm going to order something with meat, it's going to be the chicken burrito, served hot and melty (available with Daiya too, but why would you opt for that if you're eating chicken?)On to the grocery part of the store:Vegan? Check. Vegan baked goods, vegan powerhouses, etc.Love meat but prefer quality? Yep. Fresh, humane(r), and organic meats available, Niman Farms bacon, Applegate products.Desperately need tapioca flour to recreate those amazing cheese puffs they make in Brazilian steak houses? The search ends here.Living gluten free? Got you covered, and then some.Unhealthy quinoa obsession? Wait til you see all the things they can make out of it...Kombucha fan? Eww, why?! Plenty of choices for you, weirdo....and so much more. Bottom line, if you want a hearty and substantial meal that you can feel good about, are a fancy schmancy foodie cook in search of harder to find components, are vegan or vegetarian, look no further.Pro Tips - they must be in touch with their clientele because they always seem to have the latest "Limited Batch" Ben & Jerry's varieties. My latest and greatest find - Pumpkin Cheesecake. Also, try Virgil's for great microbrew sodas, Fentimans for an herbal cola that is arguably better than coca cola.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/19/2013,65,82,4,8,5>So glad I found this place on Yelp! Being vegetarian, it's hard to find good Chinese take out but China House has delicious tofu that is not mushy and just what you'd expect lo mein - totally satisfies my craving for fatty Chinese food. I have to say however, I won't be ordering the fried rice because I've definitely had better. On a positive note, they threw in free cream cheese wontons which was nice, and they were good. Also, I ordered delivery and they were very prompt. Will def be ordering from here all the time!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/18/2013,175,115,4,8,8>What's better than a gourmet HAUTE dog?  A gourmet HAUTE dog paid for and delivered to you by your senior resident and fellow after they drove 1 hour through snowy baltimore roads in the middle of the work day. NIICE.This is perhaps some of THE BEST hotdogs you will ever eat. This modest shack off of Falls Road is run by a nice owner who individually makes all the food and runs the shack.  He is a very nice fellow and gives you that local get to know you feel.  DOGS:- the buns are homemade baguette baked fresh next door in the local bakery.  The inside is carved into a nicely fitted pocket for the DOG and all the creative ingredients the chef can dream up.- there is a CHEF DOG of the day, be sure to check the website to see unique dog is being served up.HD signaTURE: 1/4lb black agus dog with tomato and onion jam, bacon and onion marmalade, and authentic dijon.  c'mon. its amazing. and all the toppings stay INSIDE the bun, no fess, just wonderfulness.After trying the HD signature, try the others.  OVERALL: best dogs ever
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,6/17/2013,49,161,,3,3>On a Sunday afternoon, I stopped in for a plain hot chocolate. I had no idea what I was in for. After reading through the extensive drink list, I ordered a Peanut Butter Cup (milk chocolate with creamy peanut butter, and marshmallow) served with whipped cream in a nice-sized white mug. It instantly warmed me up while satisfying my sweet tooth. I almost forgot that there was front on my windshield that morning. This is definitely the perfect place to be on a cold day! Very cute and cozy like an old friend's living room. It's hard not to linger. Nobody wants to be that creepy person who overstays his/her welcome in an overly welcome environment. Nobody wants to be a stalker either, but with 46 teas an 16 coco lattes, I have many, many reasons to come back, and it's almost like they want me to.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/16/2013,92,403,3,7,3>Alright.  They've been open a while now, and they're now in their groove.  And now that the weather is warming up, I expect it get even busier.  With the open air seating right on the water, it's just too tempting....you've gotta go!    Service has definitely sped up, and they've stopped running out of everything, which I fully expected.  And the crab cake is AWESOME!  Their homemade remoulade adds just the right spicy kick, and lots of good lump meat.   If you're in the area and you haven't checked them out already, what are you waiting for?
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,6/15/2013,102,155,4,9,3>CASH ONLY! -- Is what you need to know before you go in there. Because you might find that you need a lot of cash by the time you lick off that last drop of hummus.My friend Tracy ALWAYS wants to go to Samos--and I saw why it's a local favorite.Like others say, the prices are alarmingly good for the kind of dining experience and setting. It's a sit-down place with a nice ambiance--but there's stuff in the range of $5-6 bucks more or less! First time there? Try the gyros and souvlaki-solid choices. They had really fresh, greek salad (romaine or field greens, but not the herbed or mixed greens variety, for those who care) with a tall, glass container of their special house dressing--try it! Comes with the infamous warm pita bread. Why it gets a five? Because they've kept it real, delivering excellent taste for a decent price in an inviting atmosphere. Such simple elements that spell B-I-G difference when it all comes together. Service? No complaints :)
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,6/14/2013,131,146,1,12,7>Moments like this certainly confirm one's sense of class and adulthood.  When one gets tired of the mainstream, the commercial, the basic, one stops buying it. But then comes the moments of need and if you are fed up enough you will go looking for exactly what you want. Because it has to be out there!!!The Bottom Drawer is like an Oprah Ah-ha moment. Its cozy. Its intimate. Service is wonderful. The options are shhhh but not trashy shhhh. I can buy classy regulars (lol) and special occasion wear. Will you have to dig deep in your pockets? Not really. I've bought plenty more expensive items from VS.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,6/13/2013,16,106,7,10,8>The owner is extremely friendly and service oriented, encouraging me to rate the Terra Cafe' on Yelp or on the Urban Spoon.  He was really concerned about the quality of our service when I dined in for lunch (I work in the area).  The fish sub was totally awesome, perfectly fried Swai fish, with fresh lettuce (romaine as requested), perfectly prepared homemade french fries (I prepare my own at home using a potato and knife so I can tell processed from fresh), and offered a side salad.  I was way too full to order dessert.  My husband, a former chef, now fries Swai fish at home.  I loved the chipotle mayo on my fried fish sandwich.   I am a suburban cheapskate, but willingly pay for parking to dine at this restaurant.   The owner was so helpful that he provided us with the type of fish he prepared so we could recreate his delicious food at home.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/12/2013,52,169,,7,3>I can't say enough awesome things about this place! It offers just about everything, from a huge candy selection, to any kind of baking ingredients you could think of, to multiple kinds of cheese and meats, so ready-to-eat foods and hand-made decor and other items...the list goes on! Prices on everything are so reasonable, and the quality of it all is better than what you'd get in a grocery store! I just wish I loved closer to it, I'd use it was my regular food shopping spot!I ate at their in-house restaurant for breakfast recently on a Saturday morning. It was a little bit of a wait for a table, and space is very limited, but the food was fantastic and also reasonably priced with great service. A fantastic part of the area I hope continues to thrive!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/11/2013,43,295,2,4,3>Got in here around 7:00pm before one-minute plays at EMP.  We were asked if we had reservations which I still think is weird for a pub.  It was slammed in there, but we inched our way to bar stools next to a couple that I'm pretty sure were doing CPR incorrectly.  We got the mussels which some people have said weren't great.  These were okay.  Nothing remarkable, but they definitely gave us a lot to eat.  I got the catfish tacos which were great.  The texture from the fried sweet potatoes was needed after the fish was dressed to a soggy mess.  Despite having only three tacos on the plate, I was stuffed afterwards.  Obviously, people go for the beer.  They had a good list of good breweries, but I just wasn't in love with which brews they chose on draft.  I should've looked at the bottle list, but after a stout I moved to the mixed drinks.   I missed out on the Bacon Bloody Bry(i)an, but everything else was tasty.  I really liked this place.  It's not in an ideal location, across from the Hippodrome, but I would swing by if I was in the area.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,6/10/2013,157,175,,5,4>Really enjoyed this place in the warmer months. The wine selection was of course, extensive however the server suggested great picks for my friend and I. The ambiance is wonderful, there is an indoor section that is a little louder and there is a deck that is in the back, with some larger tables as well as high top tables. Order the pizza, perfect flaky crispy thin crust. Delicious sauce and amazing choices of toppings. Can't wait for the summer to go again!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,6/9/2013,30,86,3,3,2>Oddly, this restaurant has what looks to be the nicest looking bar in the Odenton area.  I say oddly because you would have no idea from the outside: looks just like an other Hibachi place.  Their sushi selection (and menu pictures) seem top notch, though we didn't sample any of it.  We tried the hibachi and, while I think their prices are a little higher than your run-of-the-mill hibachi, it was fairly well done.  It's perhaps more quantity than quality, but the atmosphere makes up for that.  The cocktails on the menu seem safer than ordering a normal cocktail off-the-menu, but I guess that's why they make menus.Our particular chef (performer? artist-culinarian?) was having a bad night with his drops and whatnot, but he laughed it off and we made the best of it.  Full disclosure: I will not participate in food being thrown at my face...but the kids seemed to like it.  Anyway, we'll be coming back to sample their sushi and perhaps for a late-night cocktail.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/8/2013,65,59,6,7,4>The Charm City Circulator is like an urban catamaran!  Usually when I'm on my own, I surf the circulator by balancing in the middle of the aisle and not holding on to any rails or seats around corners and while the driver's accelerating or de-accelerating.  Timing is essential when switching from one route to another; for example, in the butt-freezing cold of winter one does not want to wait street-side for very long. So using the Charm City Circulator app on my iPhone, I check the purple and orange routes prior to leaving the house, and pick the bus that will make the transition smoothly at the inner harbor with the least amount of bench time.  All-in-all, it's a fabulous way to get around Baltimore and a lot like surfing the city ;o)
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/7/2013,45,104,,4,2>Nicest. Bike. Shop. Ever. For the most part bike shops scare me as the employees tend to be pretentious and unhelpful unless you demonstrate that you know exactly what you want. I walked into BBW with the glazed look in my eye of someone who has absolutely no idea what they're doing and was immediately approached by someone asking if I needed help. I was still getting my bearings so I told them I just wanted to look around. They politely left me alone but within 10 minutes another employee checked in on me. There was no pressure whatsoever, they just wanted to make sure I knew they were available if I had any questions. This time around I just needed a new bike tube and they didn't make fun of me when I realized I didn't know what size I needed. They just asked questions until we figured out what was most likely to fit my bike (turned out we were wrong because I told you I don't know anything about bikes! But they exchanged it no hassle a few days later). This will definitely be my go-to bike shop from now on.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,6/6/2013,334,725,2,6,4>Clean, flowers in the bathrooms. Security line can seem long and daunting during peak travel times (mornings and on weekends) but it moves and signs tell you how long till the checkpoint. Parking is awesome with the smart system that tells you how many free spaces are available in each row. You can cross on the sixth floor to get from the parking lot over to the terminal so remember where your elevator is located. You can also pay before you leave so bring your parking ticket inside with you.There's a Duclaws outside security by Southwest and Jamba Juice inside security near there. I also like the rocking chairs by Southwest. That's my favorite side as far as amenities go. The restaurants are decent, not a ton of options but I try not to eat at the airport anyways.Dullas Airport may save you money but the traffic down there is just ridiculous. I'll gladly pay the extra fare and conveniently fly out of BWI.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,6/5/2013,154,146,2,5,3>Such an interesting place to eat, drink and be merry. The bar has a well-executed Edgar Allen Poe theme and it's fascinating. From the quotes/ excerpts written on the wall to the framed poems and paintings, the place has a cryptic feel until you meet the friendly staff, loyal patrons and eat the delicious food!I ordered the cajun catfish, and it was spicier than I thought it would be- but it was delicious! I didn't t take advantage of their full bar, and I regret that... I ordered a pear cider and although it was tasty, I know I needed something a lot stronger!My bf ordered the goat cheese stuffed chicken, and it was gone in 3.5 seconds. It has a sweet cranberry sauce on top, and when I did get a chance to taste it... it blew my taste buds away!The bar/ restaurant is quaint, and you almost feel like you're at your friends home. During the holiday season, it's really festive with string lights and garland... which I absolutely love. People kept walking in and picking up orders... nonstop... and I can see why.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/4/2013,212,76,7,3,2>I hardly ever give out 5 stars! As you can see! But this place right here deserves all 5 of them thangs! Its on the side of the road with wood burning grills in public viewing. I will skip all the dramatic speech that so many Yelpers like to give on this one..I ordered three carne asada tacos. That's how i judge a Mexican spot, by their carne asada. And i was not disappointed. Everything was taste! The ingredients all tasted fresh! The meat was tender, juicy, succulent and all the other words that makes food sound a little dirty! The seasoning was where it needed to be! I loved it! I haven't even told you about the best part...The MUTHA LOVIN TORTILLAS!!!!!! Oh i would've ate about 30 of them thangs with nothing on it! Hell, I might just order a tortilla cake when i go back next time! And there will be a next time! Long story short.... EAT THIS SHHHHHH!  I can say no more! I'm out.Oh yea... OK well the ladies there weren't the hottest in the world but they made up for it with the stellar cooking! I tips my sombrero to them!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,6/3/2013,73,124,,8,4>This restaurant is quite the gem. One of my dearest friends is a huge fan of Nepalese and Indian cuisines. I on the other hand have never tried this them until now. What better place to experience Indian cuisine. Kumari is a restaurant upstairs and a lounge in lower level. I didn't get a good look at the lounge, but by the sounds of the giggles and conversations I would say they have plenty of regulars who come by for a drink of two. This Brownstone turned restaurant is quite cozy. There is plenty of seating, you have your choice of window seating that at night is very romantic or for a more private option you can dine in the second dining area. Our server was also the owner. Such a sweet Nepali woman who took good care of us, any questions or concerns she made sure we knew exactly what to order.  Speaking of order, I think I may have ordered almost every type of dish they had to offer. She started us off with a crisp flat bread, it had 3 different chutney sauces to try. My favorite mint and mango the tamarin was a little strong in flavor for my palette. I absolutely loved the meat samosas, garlic Naan and whole wheat Roti.  I had the Kumari sizzler, as my entree. It come to you sizzling (hence the name) on a hot plate with large pieces of shrimp,lamb and chicken over fresh stir fried vegetables. A large bowl of Basmati rice is also served for sharing. My good friend had the chicken tikka and between the two of us little ladies we devoured everything! The restaurant had a small wine selection but  the white wine we had with our dinner was very good and modestly priced.  To sum everything up, great serves,excellent flavorful food and it barely put a dent in our pocket. I will definitely return to Kumari. Next time for lunch I have read the have a great lunch buffet.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/2/2013,55,370,2,13,6>You won't hear me say this often, but I hope this place doesn't remodel and expand, for entirely selfish reasons -- for fear everyone will discover that this place has the best Mexican food around, and at a price tag that would make your jaw drop, and there goes my best-kept secret.We were in the area doing errands around lunchtime, and on a whim I asked my husband to drive by. We almost didn't enter based on the outward appearance, which was very divey with a side of sketch. But when we entered, we found that although it wasn't fancy by any means, it was very clean, and the proprietor greeted us immediately and cheerfully. We ordered and sat to wait while they made our food (another good sign: freshly prepared.) The gentleman at the counter brought us a free plate of chips and salsa to munch on while we waited and watched the Spanish-language soccer game. (It was blaring, but as I don't speak Spanish, it wasn't distracting while we ate -- and we got a kick out of the "goaaaaaaaaallllllllll!" that interrupted us from time to time.)Okay, the food. Was. Amazing. Beef taquitos were spicy, warm and crispy on the outside, served with guacamole and pico de gallo. The rotisserie chicken was falling off the bone and was delicious with the creamy beans, fragrant rice and selection of hot sauces (all different colors, varying degrees of heat and flavor variety -- try them all!) Shrimp tacos were fresh and warm with crispy cabbage and crumbled cotija cheese. But the star of the show was the fried plantains with crema sauce: they were amazing, caramelized on the outside and tender on the inside, sweet and so hot we burned our mouths and didn't care. Dipped in the piquant sour cream, they were perfect. We sat there begging each other to finish the last two, we were so full.The tab for this feast? $25, including two fun Mexican sodas (mango and something I couldn't read that tasted gingery.) I'm telling you, I hope the rest of Arbutus isn't as open-minded and adventurous as we are. We left a huge tip and promised to return soon. And writing this review has made me hungry, so maybe it will be today!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/1/2013,119,447,,4,4>The food is rich, French, and delicious.  Oh and they have great service as well.  All the times I have been here I have never had a bad experience with anything.  The food is always perfect, buttery goodness.  The selection is excellent and there is always something for everyone on the menu.  They are very accommodating as well.  We were going there on a busy Friday night and they squeezed us in even though they were booked later.  They tolerated our children... we have a 10 month old and a 3 year old and they were very kind, not snooty about us bringing them.  Granted our boys were pretty well behaved too.  Breakfast was excellent, as was lunch and dinner when I went.  They do a grand prix menu as well if you are hungry and would like the deal.  From what I understand they are an offshoot or related to the Main Ingredient that also has excellent food.  I will warn you though, the restrooms are down a long and treacherous stairwell and they do not have a baby changing table.  Other than that they are near perfect!  Did I tell you they had a little indoor firepit?
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/31/2013,59,50,4,6,4>Oh, how I love you Spiritas.  You're not just another liquor store on the corner selling marked up Mad Dog 20/20 in a paper bag.  You sell yummy wine worth drinking, and a very nice selection of beer too.  Everything is pretty darn reasonable, so I can save money for...my next bottle of wine.You know why I keep coming around?  Sure, you look good.  And I'm attracted to that, I won't lie.  But you're flexible and are always willing to meet my needs.  I hear about a wine that I'd like to try but you don't carry?  You'll order it for me.  Ditto for beer.And you feed me.  The stomach is the way to a woman's heart too, y'know.  But carrying Sabras hummus -- the tastiest in all the land -- bonus.  Your monthly wine tasting neighborhood date-nights are always a lot of fun.  I'm glad you keep me posted on 'em on your Facebook page.  Because I wanna see more of you.  I guess you could tell your friends I'm ready to take it to the next level.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,5/30/2013,57,120,,6,4>I can't believe I ate the whole thing....on second thought...yes, I can believe it, because it was THAT good!Had been reading about this place on YELP since winter time and was just waiting for the perfect day to visit weather-wise.  Yesterday was it.  Snagged a friend that had no idea what he was getting into and had never had this type of food before.  As we walked up, he said he would get a hotdog.  Everyone ahead of us ordering the lamb, chicken, or combo platter made him change his mind.I had the lamb/chicken combo platter with rice and salad.  He had just the chicken platter. Both with the white and red sauce!!All that food and a soda or water for $6.00 a person.  Bargain!I see alot of reviews of this food cart compare it to NYC.  I have had the chicken and rice in NYC and yes, I like that rice better.  But that's a 5 hour road trip and this one is twenty minutes from my office on the Light Rail.  Convenient, inexpensive, and good food means five stars from me!Oh, and my friend....he ate his entire box of food too.  I have a feeling we will be going back very soon.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/29/2013,123,196,13,14,13>Dance, Dance, Take Off Your Pants!  ...ok try and remain clothed.  But honestly, if you took them off, nobody would notice in a negative way!  I know you don't have time to do the research on what kind of person I am so lemme tell you.  I do NOT go to clubs.  I dislike clubs, they're crowded, loud, expensive and generally,...people are so rude and nasty to each other.  Hippo is nothing like that!  We came at 10 and left at 1:30.  Cover was only $6.  I see some of the peoples reviews here were mentioning that it's not super crowded at this club.  I agree, and I love that about it!  I hate feeling like a sardine.  I love that there is no judgement here.  All night there was a man dancing in a speedo on either side of the dance floor.  Every where I turned there was a different type of situation. At one turn i saw two men flirting, the next I see a group of women just having a good time.  We weren't bothered at all (I'm not gay or bi, I came here for a birthday party for a friend).  There was nothing unwelcomed that occured.  I was complimented many times on my sick dancing SKILLZ.  That just doesn't happen at straight clubs.  I am ecstatic about the mixed gender bathrooms.  I was way too happy about that, I just haven't seen it before but I was all like, "Take that, society.  We don't need gender barriers!" Go with an open mind and enjoy yourself!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,5/28/2013,74,176,2,9,4>Ok seriously !!!! I was't sure what to expect. But I ride right by the place EVERY single day of my life. So I looked it up on yelp and it had great reviews. SO I tried itI met my dad and mom there for lunch. We all had different variations of soft tacos. Me carnitas, dad marinated pork, mom chicken. Not smother in cheese.. not smothered in sour cream, not smothered in oil and grease. The salsa they bring out is fresh and made in house. mmmm mmmm good. writing this make want to go there right now!!!! No effing lie!! the best... I mean the best mexican food I have had. I have had to force myself NOT to go back  every single day. like every single day. It right across from my gym. Yes.. its small maybe 6 tables. Go there take a chance! I can t wait to try something new. 4 stars because the staff could have been slightly more welcoming. **shrugs**
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,5/27/2013,92,83,1,4,3>I developed a nasty cough after a long weekend of traveling and debauchery.  I couldn't wait to get an appointment with my regular doctor, so I went to Patient First.  It had been a few years since I had visited one, and I was shocked at how far they have come in terms of technology and efficiency!  You sign in on a touch screen, and then one of the the receptionists calls you up shortly afterwards to complete the check in process.  Since I had been to a Patient First a few years ago, the receptionist had ALL of my information pulled up, so checking in was a breeze!  I only had to wait about 5 minutes at most to be called back, and then it was about 15 more minutes before the doctor came to examine me.  The doctor was very thorough and spent a lot of time listening to my lungs.  She prescribed some medication for me, and I got it filled at the pharmacy on site.  After I got my medicine, all I had to do was go to the checkout counter and pay.  I was in and out in under an hour, which is rare for even a scheduled doctor's appointment.  I highly recommend this location, and I will return if need be, but hopefully that won't be in the near future :)
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,5/26/2013,76,88,3,3,2>Thanks, Beefalo Bob's. Now I'm on a barbecue kick. I savored every bite of your pit beef sandwich with delicious and creamy tiger sauce on top. The price was right, and the sides flavorful as well, and while you're a bit stand-offish in the customer service department, I keep coming back. More-so, I have found myself attempting to recreate something similar to the smokey meat heaven that you give me when I'm at home in between visits.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/25/2013,25,105,,7,4>Drove out here all the way from Baltimore city on a Thursday night for a pho craving. The best thing about pho restaurants is that's really all they have so you know it's good. Also similar to most pho restaurants, the ambiance isn't anything to write home about, but that's not why you go to places like this. In my mind, the more hole-in-the-wall feeling the better. Like other reviews have said, the broth is amazing, which is obviously the key to any good pho. We got an order of summer rolls, a pre-pho necessity. The service is great. The food is amazing. What else could you ask for?
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,5/24/2013,145,325,3,7,5>Honey Pig Dumplings is a dumpling stand that is found in the newly opened Lotte Catonsville Asian supermarket (if you enter Lotte, you will find Honey Pig Dumpling all the way on the left side).  This stand is yet another food operation from the owners of Honey Pig but this time, instead of focusing on meats, it's focus is on Korean steamed dumplings.  The normal Korean word for dumplings is "mandoo."  However, the dumplings from this stand are referred to as "wang mandoo," which translates into "king dumplings" in Korean... Why king?  Because it's considerably bigger than the normal sized dumplings.  I guess you can say it's because they're so... *lame pun alert* f-king big.  But seriously, they're huge.  I didn't physically check but I'd wager they're about the same size (maybe larger) of a McDonald's hamburger.  Or a softball.The dumplings are made from scratch (you can see workers prepare the buns and stuff inside the stand) and stuffed with a variety of fillings.  I tried the pork, the beef, and the kimchi (not all at once mind you!).  Pork is the traditional filling and was in my opinion, the best of the three.  The beef had bulgogi (marinated meat) inside it and wasn't bad either.  The worker there said it was the most popular one so far.  The kimchi wasn't as up to par as the other two though.  There were some other flavors advertised that I didn't try (shrimp, curry, red bean) and they also sold dduk bokee (spicy rice cakes that are commonly eaten in Korea as street food) too.At $2 a dumpling, they're a fairly good deal... an average person could probably make a meal out of one or two.  I think right now there's a promotion for buy 10 get 2 free but I don't know how long that will last.  One more thing... Unfortunately, there are no places to sit (that I could see) in the area so be prepared to carry out and eat it in your car or while you shop.  But you definitely want to eat it before it gets cold... it tastes better :)
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,5/23/2013,93,199,2,9,6>Vikki's is my favorite place to go to for lunch during the workday. It's a nice short walk from my office and the service is always fast and the ladies are very nice. The price and amount of food you get can't be beat for this part of town. Monday-Friday at noon might be a hard time to find some seating at the counter, so you might have to get your order to go if you don't want to wait for a seat to open up. I have called my order in ahead of time for pickup on several occasions and that works just as well. Everything I have ordered from here has been great. I love their triple decker sandwiches and instead of chips, I'll opt for the curly fries which are amazing. Note: chips are included when you sit down to eat, but are extra if your order is to go. The salads are good, pay $1 more and get the large, it is totally worth it. The cream of crab soup is so thick and creamy. The small is plenty for me, but if you aren't ordering anything else to go with it, then a large should be good, too. Or if you are just really hungry...I have never been early enough for breakfast, but it looks like it is something I need to try!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/22/2013,42,50,,6,5>What a unique place!  I'm so glad I finally checked it out.The Bun Shop has a lovely setup. It's a cute looking coffee shop with mixed vintage looking furniture all around.  There's enough space where you don't feel like you would be on top of your neighbors.Items I tried...Rotiboy- By far my favorite.  This bun doesn't have any filling but the flavor was outstanding.  It was very chewy and sweet.  I bet it would be great with coffee!Ham & Gruyere-  This was my husbands favorite.  The ham and cheese were both great quality making the bun rich.  The outside was very flaky.  So delicious!Curry Puff-  This was an Indian mixture boosting with flavor inside a fried shell.I can't wait to go back and try more!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/21/2013,54,68,,6,1>First off -- this place is always really busy so make sure to make reservations as soon as possible. Had dinner here with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Woodberry is all about sustainability and the whole farm to table scenario, and that's clearly reflected in their very rustic and farm-ish decor.  The lighting is really dim, our server was super friendly and came prepared with a small flashlight.  Along with an extensive wine list, they also had a great selection of unique brews, cocktails, and hard ciders.We started off with complimentary bread basket & butter.  We both loved the cornbread.  For our appetizer we chose to split a pork belly flatbread .  It was AMAZING.  I could smell the "bacon" as our server was walking up to us.  the bread was light and flully and the pork belly was charred perfectly.  I was a little skeptical about the pickled cauliflower, but the acidity went really nicely with the fatty pork.  it was a great portion size, too, for the price.For my entree I ordered the braised beef.  It came with faro beans, carrots, fingerling potatoes, and this croissant.  It was absolutely delicious!! The beef was very well-seasoned and cooked perfectly -- the pieces just fell off.    My husband got the Cape May day scallops and loved them as well.  Since we were celebrating a special occasion, they even took our picture for us and put it in a cardboard woodberry kitchen frame.  Very nice touch.  It was definitely a great dining experience! I can't wait until we visit again! (As soon as we add a little bit more padding in our wallets. Haha.)  But it's definitely worth every penny!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,5/20/2013,133,198,3,10,2>being-that-christmas-is-right-around-the-corner-this-polish-fellow-was-in-search-of-his-families-staples-for-the-holidays-pierogies-haluski-and-some-kilbasa-or-smoked-sausage-i-have-never-been-to-sophias-before-so-i-figured-i-would-give-it-a-shot-sophias-is-located-across-from-vickis-in-the-newly-revamped-broadway-market-off-of-aliceanna-we-arrived-early-because-i-figured-with-baltimore-having-a-large-polish-population-this-place-would-probably-sell-out-quick-sophias-has-a-huge-counter-which-contains-all-kinds-of-polish-treats-they-serve-hot-food-such-as-sandwiches-and-paninis-as-well-as-premade-polish-food-like-pierogies-and-galobki-to-the-back-left-of-the-counter-were-where-the-pierogies-were-housed-because-that-is-why-i-came-they-had-a-lot-of-different-flavors-or-fillings-such-as-potato-potato-and-sauerkraut-meat-cheese-cabbage-and-others-i-was-surprised-to-see-that-they-also-had-the-fruit-fillings-as-well-blueberry-raspberry-and-prune-but-then-there-on-the-counter-i-saw-them-these-fried-little-morsels-that-i-have-not-seen-in-forever-i-swear-there-was-light-shining-down-from-the-sky-on-them-they-are-elusive-in-baltimore-and-hard-to-get-a-hold-of-because-they-sell-out-quickly-anywhere-you-go-but-this-time-i-have-located-them-in-all-of-their-glory-paczki-oh-these-glorious-doughnut-esque-delights-are-so-delicious-they-were-calling-my-name-i-could-not-resist-so-i-purchased-two-of-them-all-for-myself-2-raspberry-filled-fried-doughy-glazed-balls-of-awesomeness-these-were-made-locally-at-the-polish-treasures-shop-off-of-south-chester-street-the-pierogies-were-reasonably-priced-by-the-dozen-and-they-had-a-very-large-selection-the-ladies-behind-the-counter-were-super-nice-and-helpful-and-gladly-answered-any-questions-that-i-had-more-importantly-they-also-had-fresh-paczki-if-you-get-a-chance-get-up-early-on-a-saturday-and-go-try-one-they-have-a-few-different-kinds-but-be-warned-they-will-sell-out-of-these-very-quickly
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,5/19/2013,59,13,1,8,5>My Thai is back!  My Thai was my favorite Thai restaurant before it burned down so many years ago, so you will have to excuse my excitement.  The new restaurant is 'hidden' on Central avenue.   I say hidden because unless you were looking for it, you'd drive straight pass it.  I am not sure if I'd place it in Harbor East, Little Italy, or the void in between.  The new location is, however, much larger than the one in Mount Vernon.  They also expanded their bar area significantly, and I would not be surprised to see this restaurant to become more of a lounge at night.  The menu seemed mostly unchanged from the previous location.  Still my favorite Drunken Noodles in all of Baltimore.  Their chicken is easily the best cooked out of all of the other Thai restaurants.  Lunch includes a spring roll.  Prices were unchanged as well.  Parking is a lot easier to get than their old location because fewer people live along Central.  If you too have missed My Thai, find yourself in Little Italy or Harbor East and craving Thai, or just want to eat something great, seek out the 'hidden' treasure that is the newly reopened My Thai!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2012,5/18/2013,240,594,2,3,2>Real pho in baltimore. Thank the food gods for this one!The spring rolls were good with fresh ingredients and lots of basil, just how i like it.We had the chicken pho and beef pho...perfect broth! it's ALL about the broth and this one is on the sweet side, so it's all about your flavor preference. It's not the best pho Ive ever had (pho 95 in rockville people) but very goodUPDATE: I definitely prefer Pho Saigon in Catonsville. (Cleaner, normal size with plenty of seats) Take the drive out; it's worth the few extra minutes!The only major negative is that this place is TINY...and the service is SLOW. I there's only one (cute but very old) dude making all the food in the back.  I'm going to get take out next time.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,5/17/2013,119,457,3,5,3>Seriously go put a lobster roll from Ryleigh's in your mouth right now. Since going on vacation in Newport, RI this summer, I've been a little obsessed with lobster rolls and where I can actually get them in the area. I really thought I preferred the mayo based lobster sandwich, but I'm pretty sure the buttery lobster roll at Ryleigh's changed that. I need to stop referring to things as "the best thing I've ever put in my mouth" simply because the list is becoming too long, but, this was seriously one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. As if the buttery coated lobster and buttery grilled bun weren't buttery and decadent enough, they bring you an additional little container of melted butter to pour over your sandwich (which I originally planned to resist... and then realized what a poor choice that was). The crab dip we started off with was also not too shabby and perfect for the fries that came with the sandwich.My orange crush wasn't one of the best I've had, but still pretty good.My coworker and I took some of our students out for a "thank you" dinner, and my only real complaint was that the oysters which some of them ordered didn't come out until we were almost done with our meal, and people who got there after us and ordered after us received their oysters before the people at our table did, something our waitress seemed pretty apathetic about.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,5/16/2013,175,161,19,22,15>Before reading the reviews I expected Granny's Restaurant to be Owings Mills' answer to a soul food shack. What I got was northwest Baltimore County's swankier version of Miss Shirley's Café housed on the top tier of ho-hum Owings Mills Mall's hind parts. Zing!I was seated and ordering in under 7 minutes. (Key to getting immediate service at a usually busy restaurant's arriving alone on a weekday at opening. Zing!) My piping hot Fried Okra app at $7.95 whet my appetite well enough. My main course of Salmon Cake & Eggs over easy didn't disappoint. Not an epiphany of foodie finesse, but enjoyable. It's side of Fried Potato slivers and Fried Apples simple yet flavorful. Honestly, my English Muffin struck me as a microwaved Thomas'. Healthy doses of Brown Sugar Lemonade at $3.95 initially hit harsh with tartness then mellowed into a refreshingly silky brown sugar sweetness.After reading the erratic reviews, arriving, then analyzing it's down-home dishes menu, I prepared for a hit & miss of highfalutin foodie frolicking. What I got was dependable, flavorful fare, genuinely jovial personable service, and clean presentation at a not-too-bad price point partially justified by the joint's snazzy smooth jazz ambiance. Not "perfect", but altogether enough positives to eke out my fandom. Going by the good to "meh" to good arc of reviews combined with my own experience, it appears Granny's earnestly working on ditching her lackluster granny panties for something a little more consistently fetching and refined. Zing!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,5/15/2013,100,100,2,6,3>Came here on a quiet Tuesday evening with a friend and we had a very nice meal. I'm looking forward to stopping back and trying more menu options.We started with the batata vada ($7). They were some scrumptious little potato fritters. Accompanying sauces, one spicy mint and one sweet tamarind, kept them from being a little dry and added some nice kick. For my meal, I got the vada pao burger ($11). It was a vegetarian meal; the burger was a potato croquette. The patty fell apart a bit, but it was tasty and surprisingly moist. The same 2 sauces from the batata vada were on the burger and they were, once again, a treat. The "bun" was great-- they were two soft pieces of focaccia. I got sweet potato fries on the side. They were cooked in a chickpea batter, giving it a tempura like coating. They came with two sauces as well, a mango ketchup and chipotle mayo. These were just fine, but nothing special. I was absolutely stuffed after finishing my dish, which I was not expecting from an $11 veggie meal, but I'm not complaining!My friend got the New York Strip ($22). It was cooked very nicely (med-rare was requested). Tender and plenty of pink. There was a bit too much bleu cheese covering the steak which I think masked the tasty steak flavor. The veggies, a large portion of broccoli and spinach, were very good. They were strongly salted and peppered, but not overly so. Mashed potatoes were pretty good too. Service was very quick. but there were only a few other groups eating there. The restaurant had a nice mood, though it was a little dark in there. There was a fun variety of music, including some 80s hits and more recent indie tunes. Meet 27 is a BYOB joint, which I love. However, they are working on getting a liquor license in the next few months. With tasty food, decent prices, and a nice atmosphere, Meet 27 is a winner in my book. I wasn't blown away, but maybe my next visit will push it over the edge into 5 star territory!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/14/2013,238,182,,5,8>I think this place is just what downtown Baltimore needs....  The owner has a vision of gentrification in this area, and is willing to be the lead in that direction.As far as the shop goes, it's a nicely done style, with big open spaces and couches available to just hangout...    I was informed that Baltimore traditionally has 'white' and 'black' barbershops, but that this place caters to all. I believe it!  I got great service and a great cut from Jarrett. He took the time to pay attention to every detail....   and the next day for the first time ever, I received unsolicited comments from coworkers, saying how good it looked...Go here for more than just a haircut...
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/13/2013,21,61,3,6,3>Never in a million years did I think I'd be reviewing a liquor store, but hey, life's full of surprises. As I have the tolerance of an ant and don't particularly like the taste of alcohol (unless its filled with sugar), I don't frequent such places often. When I do, I show about as much interest/knowledge as I do shopping for car parts, which is to say, none at all. I like this place because its really fun to browse. They seem to have everything and anything. Adult chocolate milk in a frosted glass bottle? Almost temped. Almost. I love this place because they happen to have a vast beer selection that contains the one beer in the world that I like- a rare Belgian brew (surprisingly not filled with sugar). The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, making this 'bigger on the inside' alcohol 'box' so much fun to navigate.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/12/2013,41,92,,4,4>I like places that focus on one thing and do it really well, and this place is no exception. There's something special about how they do their potatoes. They execute it in such a way that the skin is crunchy and the inside is fluffy~ I got mine with the chicken curry and enjoyed it. I was craving Japanese curry and figured this might work to tide me over. It's a very mild curry of the tropical coconutty variety and it's pretty darned tasty. Still, I fixated on how it would be amazing if there were a Japanese style curry option. Sometimes there just isn't getting around a craving. They also usually top their potatoes with these crispy Dutch onion thingies that are like the French's stuff, but with a deeper flavor profile. There's a lot of flavors to choose from. You might think there's only a number of ways to top a baked potato and then it dawns on you that, well no, actually a potato is so mild mannered that it's the perfect vehicle for all kinds of delicious flavors and then the genius of the people behind this place really sinks in. Speaking of the people here, the nice lady at the counter gives off this comfortable relative-like vibe. Anyway,  it took me a while to decide on my topping because I am often indecisive, but if you're planning on going, it might not hurt either way to glance at the menu online. The way the place is set up looks nice, but the menu is harder to read from the store front. Just to warn you: As what appears to be the case with many food places in this side of Annapolis, there doesn't seem to be a lot of indoor seating. Still, if you're a fan of potatoes and you want an affordable meal in Annapolis, definitely check this place out. I'm going to make it a point to try all of the other flavors and look forward to going back.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/11/2013,25,116,3,3,2>This is Where "Ridgely & Ferren's" Deli & Market used to be. As far as the ambiance, there has been a huge overhaul and the place looks brand spanking new with lots of seating and space as well as a clean and comfy look with flat screen Monitors to feature the menus. Pretty Cool! Customer service is 5 stars! They are like a family and treat you like family too and are always concerned if everything is to your liking. They always want feedback good or bad to better improve the place since they haven't been open in this location for very long. Sue is there quite often and is incredibly friendly, get to know her! Now the really important stuff, the food! I can't say I was very thrilled with the size of the sandwiches for the price. The rolls are very small as is the portion of meat. Although tasty, it just leaves you feeling like you didn't eat much. The same can be said for the fries. Although they taste amazing you get very little as a side with your sandwich, you are better off ordering the half pound size in the appetizer section and sharing with a friend. Hopefully as time progresses and if they make enough profit they can increase portion sizes of the sandwiches and subs all together. The pizza is by far the most amazing in the Towson area! The crust is so crispy, the sauce is from fresh tomatoes and the toppings are premium. Not many local pizza shops in Towson will have fresh basil and roasted garlic. A large pizza is about 11 bucks with a topping about a buck fifty extra. They actually apologized for the pizza being made bigger than they expected, that's no reason to apologize if it doesn't cost extra. For dessert they have a deal going on with Towson local Bakery La Cakerie. They try to import sandwich rolls and sell there awesome cheesecakes as well. I recommend the turtle cheesecake, it make be six bucks a slice, but its huge! They also sell Hershey's ice cream, really cheap scoops! Overall there are still a few things left to try, more items to be introduced, the menu will constantly be changing and they will be tweaking how they run things as time rolls on. They aren't perfect yet but are well on their way. This will still be a go to place for me on a regular basis, over time you just get a feel for what they are best at. Nobody is perfect especially in such a short time. I wish them lots of success and I hope to be one of their best customers. They have breathed life back into the Towson Restaurant area giving it more diversity. Definitely give it a try!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,5/10/2013,99,112,3,2,3>Wow, I was blown away by the fried oysters over greens with mushrooms and a bacon vinaigrette. It was delicious. I tried a bite of each of my friends meals and they were both equally amazing (steak cooked to perfection with hints of butter and duck leg over some type of well flavored beans). Get an order of garlic bread it's soooo good, but be warned the garlic my linger on your breath for a day. I'm pretty sure we had food-gasams while sitting at the bar, but we definitely were in a food-coma by the time we left. Absolutely amazing. Glad we arrived there 20 minutes before the kitchen opened (You'll know it's open when the light is on) which was perfect because we enjoyed looking over the menu which changes weekly, conversation about how amazing everything on the menu sounds, and our drinks, oh and lets not forget a long wait for a table in the cold.  As soon as the kitchen opened the place was packed and a 45 minute wait was on for those who arrived too late. I am pretty sure they do not take reservations, first come first serve and if you get out of line oh well you missed your chance.The inside of Peter's Inn is cozy and yet romantic but has random decor scattered around that will make you laugh or question it. Make sure you visit the restroom (if your a lady) to check out the art on the walls and the well stocked various personal goodies one might need in case of emergencies. I appreciate establishments that care about their customers. You can read about the history of Peter's Inn on one of the menus (I think the wine list) it's pretty interesting.If you are going in a group make sure it is a small group. I'd say 4 to 5 people tops, since it is a small establishment and once it's full people are bumping into you to get around the place. Enjoy!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/9/2013,23,130,5,5,3>There was just one thing I wanted to do for my birthday this year and it was to go to Blue Moon Cafe.  I've heard plenty of rave reviews from many different people.  Got there around 8 on Saturday morning and had to wait just about 30 minutes.  What I like was that while your waiting you can go inside and get a coffee while you wait for a table to open up.  The 30 minutes just went by quickly and soon my wife and I were seated with the menu's in front of us and the waitress already topping our coffees off.  I didn't need the menu, I knew exactly what I wanted.  I was there for the Capn Crunch French Toast.    My god was this thing huge.  It was so warm, moist and crunchy all at the same time, add in the fruit and whip cream it was everything I could want.  The french toast didn't even need any syrup, putting syrup on it would have been just wrong on so many levels.  My wife order the vegetarian omelet and hash browns in which both were huge, very generous portions.  Our mistake was ordering the cinnamon bun, our waitress asked if we wanted to try one while we wait for our breakfast.  My goodness was that thing huge.  Of course we had to take that home.  The overall experience was outstanding at Blue Moon Cafe from the huge portions of food, talking with people outside while we wait or talking with people inside while waiting on our food.  The great conversations with the wait staff and even the waitress wiping off my forehead after I finished off the Capn Crunch French Toast and telling me I had the french toast sweats.  I just can't wait to go back and try something else.  Thanks Blue Moon Cafe for a great start to my birthday.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,5/8/2013,22,38,10,9,6>Do you have a hole in your life? Can that hole be filled with delicious mexican food? Drive here, order a couple chorizo tacos and an al pastor huaracha. Eat it, love it, and wonder what the hell you've been eating all these years that people were calling "mexican".
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,5/7/2013,154,580,4,6,4>This place lives up to their reviews!If you are an Annapolis Yelper you probably have seen this place pop up constantly in the feeds when you first log in.  I have been meaning to check this place out for a few years and I just never got around to it. I was blown away by the size of this store.  The people that worked there were so welcoming! Even for an apparently non-typical customer like myself.  I was on the hunt for items to complete my Storm Costume (This was for the Miss Xpose Competition).  No luck here because they don't carry costumes and very few accessories. But they did have a good selection of action figures and t-shirts. I at least found a cool X-men Key Chain that I could wear as a necklace. Keep in mind...I'm a fan of X-Men, The Avengers, Thor, Captain America......did I mention Thor? because of the awesome movies that have been out...and because of the nice choice of bodies that comprised the cast of these movies......it actually took me a while to get past the eye candy and really focus on the plot...  When I entered this store, I was  NOT a comic book reader....until now...Third Eye actually converted me... Here's how they did it:I noticed on my Yelp App that they had a check in offer.  So I asked the front what Volume 1 comic would they give me for checking in.  They gave me Uncanny Avengers.  (Of course I'm looking for the one with the most hot bodies in it....) I took it home and actually read it...and now I am hooked it was a damn good story.....its like a Soap Opera..so much drama!..but with hot guys with super powers....Damn it...now I have to go back and read ALL of the comics and get caught up.  Thanks to Third Eye...I am now hooked and possibly on the way to being a comic book geek.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/6/2013,436,152,2,7,3>The Annapolis Seafood Market is an institution in this area. It is located very conveniently to the Annapolis Neck area off of Forest Drive. They are open until at least 8 every night.  I shop here for their fresh fish but there is so much else offered at the market. We have tried their Seafood Cajun salad which is awesome! The fresh vegetables offered here at times taste more fresh than Whole Foods! I also like that they provide a free lemon with purchase of raw fish. That is a nice incentive.The staff is very helpful and friendly. There are no waits or lines whenever I am there. The building was just remodeled last winter and it has a nice self service area for fresh fish, clams and scallops as well.I love this place and will continue to shop here (after Whole Foods) of course.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,5/5/2013,332,181,,7,3>WOW, I'm so glad I was starving when I was passing by this new addition to the Dobbin Shopping Center in Columbia. It's like a Mediterranean version of Chipotle!I got the kabob platter with Chicken Schwarma (and I laughed remembering the after credits scene in "The Avengers"). I decided against the hummus and instead opted for the tabouleh with the rice. I also got a side of tahini and tzatziki to slather on my fresh pita bread. Paired all of that with the mint lemonade that was the best I've ever had. And I'm a lemonade fanatic. Everything was so delish! The chicken was very tender and well-seasoned.My only minor gripe was the pita bread was too dry and chewy, not soft and fluffy like their competitor in another nearby shopping center. However, that could have been a bad batch. I also don't like the falafel. Tasted burned and bland. May just not be for me.No worries, because next time I'm getting the hummus.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,5/4/2013,39,123,2,5,4>Good indian food is hard to find. Good Indian food prepared in a clean environment is even harder to find. With that said I encourage you to eat at Cafe Spice. Small disclaimer - I have only eaten at Cafe Spice during their weekend lunch buffet. They call this their "gourmet" buffet but I am not exactly sure how it differs from the regular buffet. Regardless, this place is delicious. The options aren't as plentiful as some other buffets, but for what they lack in variety they more than make up for in quality. You will find many of the Indian staples including chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, rice briyani, and many vegetarian options as well. Some of my favorite's include the grilled chicken thighs (on the bone) which are marinated in a red spicy/zesty paste, as well as the surprising delicious goat curry. Most people will shy away from this dish because it has the word "goat" in it, but don't. The goat is cooked until it is fall apart tender and it's served in a fragrant red curry type sauce. Usually the buffet will also features balls of fried vegetables of some sort. I am not sure what the Indian name is for this dish but it is always delicious. The last time I was there they took what would be the filling for a vegetarian samosa and just fried it in a ball - perfect with their cilantro mint pesto sauce. As you would expect there is also salad with yogurt dressing available (nice palette cleanser), an option of basmati rice prepared with cinnamon stick and clove or the briyani rice (Indian equivalent of fried rice). Naan is always a plenty, which is perfect for sopping up all the sauce from various dishes on your plate. A nice surprise is the dessert options. Although limited to rice pudding and galub jamon (fried dough in a sweet syrup), I can't think of any other dessert I would rather eat after a hearty satisfying Indian meal.Lastly, the owner is always very friendly and makes a dedicated effort to see that his guests are happy and that the quality of the food is always a priority. When the owner "gets it", the restaurant is almost guaranteed to be a success. Mission accomplished.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,5/3/2013,83,138,,3,2>A welcome addition to a neighborhood full of caffeine hungry students and hospital workers. Very nicely decorated space with stained wood counter tops, exposed brick and lofted ceilings. It is a welcoming scene with great music mostly from the 90s. It also is DOG FRIENDLY which will automatically give it a few extra stars from me. What stands out of course is the pourover coffee made to order with your own organic beans ground specifically for each cup. They have varieties from Mexico and Guatemala right now but I imagine this will rotate over time. You need to give yourself about 5 minutes just for the coffee to drip but it is definitely worth the time as it is smooth and delicious and served in great mugs (don't worry, if your in a rush they have brewed coffee as well).I also had a scone that was very good. There food options are limited to just a few different pastries but what is important is that the things that they do make, they make well.A GREAT place to slow down a little and have some slow drip coffee or get work done.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/2/2013,52,168,4,6,5>The Walters will make your day. This is a terrific museum, and one of the treasures of Baltimore. Right in the center of Mt. Vernon, the Walters stems from a father son duo (William Thompson and Henry) who turned 22,000 pieces to the city "for the benefit of the public". This place has the 'wow' factor. The extensive and varied works you will find inside are well worth allotting several hours to expanding your consciousness studying an wonderland of sculptures, artifacts, bronzes, statues, landscape paintings - it's too much and trying to encapsulate it in an on-line review just doesn't do it justice,If you're visiting Baltimore - please, please come visit. If you're from Baltimore - yeah, you know it's been awhile, but it's as good as you remember. (And that room with all the bad-ass armor and swords? Yeah, it's still there.)
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,5/1/2013,16,52,3,9,4>Whenever a pet becomes sick, it's an unfortunate experience; my unfortunate experience occurred when my dog, a 5 year old love-of-my-life, stopped eating and drinking abruptly.  As my normal vet was closed, we took him here, and I was extremely pleased with the care.We were updated between 2-3 times a day, not just on my dog's condition, but also on the price.  We don't have "vet insurance," so things were adding up pretty quickly.  Emergency care is expensive! They kept us informed, and discussed all of our options at each turn.  When we called, the doctors never seemed "too busy" to talk to us; if they were, we got a call back within 20-30 minutes.I hope I never have to come here again.  But if I do, I'll know that my pup is in good hands.  Highly recommended.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/30/2013,121,195,,7,4>In a city where there's a wide selection of good coffee shops, choosing one is difficult and Milk & Honey has stiff competition from a number of them.That said, it holds its own and offers better sandwiches than all of them and supplements their location with some grocery items of a reasonable quality.If you must pick one coffee shop in the entire city to go to, this is a respectable choice.My only complaint is that they close even earlier than other good coffee shops.Someone should take up the task of competing with and exceeding Starbucks as far as staying open later is concerned and since there's a Starbucks in the neighbourhood, they should definitely take a crack at it.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,4/29/2013,17,163,2,3,3>Taylor's is a fun spot. It's been around as long as I can remember, which is nice because the shops on Main Street change faster than I can keep up with. It's a huge space with multiple rooms and levels to explore. They have everything from books, furniture, artwork, dishes, toys, memorabilia, clothing, etc. As other reviewers have said, the items are more vintage than they are antiques, but I'm into vintage over antiques so that's right up my alley. It's not the kind of place where you walk around on edge afraid you'll knock something over, and regardless of your age you'll probably find something from your childhood.  Even if you don't buy anything it's just a great place to check out and lose yourself for an hour.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/28/2013,46,133,4,5,2>The amount of craps given at this bar is exactly ZERO. I like that when I go in early it's usually vacant and Futurama is generally on the one TV at the end of the bar. Their menu isn't huge, but I can safely say that bacon will be involved in most of what you can order, and if bacon isn't one of the given ingredients it can be added.....and should be added, it's bacon, do it. This place is a cocktail bar masquerading as a dive, their liquor selection is wonderful and their mixed drinks will overcome your livers feeble attempts at keeping you sober. Plus, if you're a scum bag like me, you kind of like the hand written notebook that is their cocktail menu. It's fancy booze, good bourbon, and pretty much no frills. Spectacular.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/27/2013,18,54,9,6,7>The other night I called Isabella's at 8:42pm asking if it was too late to pick up some pizza. The guy said no, and I managed to roll my sorry ass down there (and parked IN THE INTERSECTION, because thanks, Little Italy, for nothing) and got there just before 9pm. Just one dude in there and clearly he'd gone through all the other labors of closing the shop. I got my pizza and he locked the door literally on my tail as I walked out. This after I gave him a $5 tip.Now, looking over the other reviews here, it's worth confirming that the employees are dicks. They're unsmiling and there is no small talk.  They could care less and they are too cool for you. But I'd much rather get incredible pizza from a dick when I call that close to closing time, than a friendly "sorry, we're closed, try again tomorrow thank you!".Also yes, no table space. The two or three tables are almost always occupied. So, do not bring your five annoying kids here and expect Applebees-specification service - sippycups and crayons and politeness. You'll just ruin it for the rest of us!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,4/26/2013,113,165,,5,4>I've had such a hard time finding a good deli in the Columbia/Ellicott City/Elkridge area, (Bon Fresco is great, but non-traditional, a lot of the others are chains...Jason's Deli, Jimmy Johns, etc.) but have finally discovered Taneytown Deli in Catonsville right on Fredrick Road. I've never been to the smaller location, which is apparently around the corner, but the main entrance is on Frederick Road and is very easy to find. There is no parking lot, but I haven't had trouble finding a spot on the street.The menu is HUGE and I like that they have the traditional cold cuts, other fun sandwiches plus hot sandwiches and french fries too. I can't think of another deli nearby that offers that. I LOVE the shrimp salad. It's not loaded with too much mayo and it has a lot of Old Bay, just how I like it. The sandwiches are enormous so be prepared. They have fountain sodas, bottled drinks, chips, and some desserts near the counter. You pay first and then they call your number when it's ready. It is crowded during weekday lunchtime, but so far we haven't had a problem getting seats. I've gotta go back and try breakfast sometime soon.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/25/2013,93,214,5,3,4>My friend gave me a Baltimore Margarita Tour and this was our first stop. We drank house margaritas out of hubcaps. It felt good to bend over and suck goodness out of a hubcap. Yep - I said that.First of all, this place rocks. Amazing margaritas and a unique baltimore take on mexican food. I had the chorizo and prawn quesadilla. It was so so good and way too big for me to finish on my own. The place was so so packed! An insider let me know that they always quote at least an hour for a table, and it's usually less. I think we waited about 20 minutes. It was packed - some pre-St Patrick's day event - lots of young things shaking their asses with margaritas in hand. Pretty awesome place to get trashy. The hostess said it's not always as wild as the day we went, but I liked it! If you are one of those lame civilized people that doesn't like noisy restaurants or a rowdy crowd, do not eat here! If you are one of those joyless freaks that doesn't like to lose control drinking margaritas out of hubcaps, this is not the place for you. BUT, if you like delish mexican food and cocktails and don't mind a little noise and a wait for a table, DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/24/2013,72,88,3,12,6>Due to a combination of laziness, poverty, and anxiety, I hadn't gotten my hair cut in a lonnng while.  Finally I couldn't stand it anymore and went to Sprout in Hampden on the recommendation of a couple friends.  They did not steer me wrong!Julie, my stylist, warmly greeted me upon check-in.  She was attentive and unpretentious throughout my visit, and even got me tea while we waited for a shampoo spot to open!  The shampoo-ing itself includes a relaxing scalp message--a pleasant surprise.  Julie took her time cutting my hair and patiently answered all my questions during our color consult.  In the end, my $55 cut was pretty darn cute, if I do say so myself!I will be going back to Julie for some funky coloring (my first time dying my hair since being a teeny-bopper), and will update you Yelp'ers then!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/23/2013,85,225,2,11,7>Only five reviews? Wait -- I guess I should count this one -- Six reviews? Come on folks, we can certainly do better than that! :) Amazing fresh and all natural fruit and veggie juice concoctions that leave you feeling refreshed and energized, great service and gluten free/vegan treats to satisfy the sweetest of sweet teeth. Just what the allergist ordered! Grind House Juice Bar doesn't just have a new review, they have a new loyal customer. Love this place!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,4/22/2013,52,67,,5,4>Di Pasquale's is hands down the best Italian restaurant in Baltimore.  With the combination of market and restaurant, it offers authentic Italian food that is affordable and delicious as well as fresh produce.  I recently had lunch there, which I began with a rice ball appetizer.   The rice ball, just like it sounds, is rice rolled into a ball, stuffed with your choice of meat, spinach, or crabmeat, and topped with a thick melted mozzarella cheese coating.   Prepared perfectly, I would highly recommend the rice ball which cost only $4.  My main dish, italian sausage calzone, was quite good as well.  The calzone is stuffed with four pieces of juicy and surprisingly spicy sausages, all covered with high-graded cheese.  The crust of the calzone was perfectly baked and flavored just right with the sausages.  The service was great, and a lot of local Baltimorean comes here for a lunch.  The only problem with this place is it only opens till 6pm Mon-Sat, so dinner at this place might be tough.  But I was blown away by the quality of the food at this place and would come here again if time permits.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/21/2013,80,198,4,7,6>So after Mango Grove moved I decided to give them another try. Glad I did!The new MG is huge inside with plenty of booths and what looks like a HUGE buffet station. I will say it is much better than the old version, this open airy version has a much better feel. First off the food, they have def kicked it up a notch on all their food. The Mrs. and I ordered Samosa Chaat, a Dosa Trio, and Ghobi (cauliflower) Manchurian. All three were great picks! First the Chaat, it was a large portion and the flavor and texture were spot on. The Dosa's were were nice, thin, crispy and the potato stuffing was very good as well. Lastly the Ghobi Manchurian, was crispy, spicy and the veggies were fresh. The food was good and the Dosa's were much much improved from my last visit. Secondly, the service. It was great actually. The owner and the head waiter were the two that took care of us. Both were great, well informed and when we asked for anything (chuntey, extra sauce, etc) they were almost glad to help, so the service was spot on. So from my bad exp to this good exp, MG has kicked it up a notch with this new move. I am glad I went back and I am sure we will be again!Cheers mates, and I need to cool down with some Mango Lassi!Note: They have a free mango lassi YELP checkin offer so make sure you check in on your YELP app and get your free mango lassi.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/20/2013,178,175,6,2,1>I often believe that Hip Hop places an addictive substance in their batter!If you like it fried, then Hip Hop is your place.  Conveniently located a block away from the block, why not cop some chicken on your way to shakey butt club?This location is always clean, well lit and fast. For more bang for your buck, get a combo platter.Then proceed to unbutton your pants. :) ps. the sweetpotatoecheesecake is worth the wilfordbrimley's (diabeetus). LOL
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,4/19/2013,131,167,3,6,5>Absolutely love this place for all that it has to offer. I have been stopping at Tastings for years, what made me fall in love with it is the grocer cafe feel of the joint. The staff is always cheerful and welcoming. They hold cheese & other tasty food tastings often so like them on FB to catch those happenings. Some updates, they offer great delicious catering options so what ever your party must haves you may want to give them a try. The sandwiches & quiches are devine. The boutique chocolate is gorgeous and accompany any cheese plate your building. Their charcuterie selection is amazing as well and prices for their Iberico, I have found to be cheaper than others I've seen in the area.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/18/2013,197,128,,8,2>Zorba's embodies the term "diamond in the rough". This place is by no means a glitzy dining venue, but what they lack in elegance, they more than redeem in culinary magic. Carnivorous nourishment seems to be a recurring theme in these reviews, and for good reason. Zorba's crafts meat the way a sculptor works a block of alabaster: with expertise, dedication, and lots of love. And beyond their porcine, ovine, bovine bliss, they offer some of the freshest seafood in town. Like most places in Greektown, Zorba's has a heart of old-world charm beneath it's Charm City surface. Each dish is prepared with meticulous methodology, ingrained in the culture, and passed down by the owner. My boyfriend, being fairly FOB Greek, couldn't wait to share this well-kept Baltimore secret with me. He and his father frequent Zorba's several times a week, and I was antsy to taste some of the dishes they'd raved about. We arrived around 8 pm on a weeknight, and grabbed a table on the first floor near the bar. I let him order for us, trusting his authentic experience over my foodie instincts. We started with what I can say confidently was the best Grilled Octopus I've had: a huge portion of tenderly grilled sea-steak, marinated in olive oil, lemon juice, vinegar, and pepper. Typically grilled octopus contains a few choice pieces that are either overdone or underdone (understandable due to the varying thickness of the cuts), but in this case, each piece was cooked perfectly We cleared the entire plate. I've always adored the delicious crispy charred bits of tentacle, and veered away from the thicker body-cuts, but every bite was mouth-watering. For our entree, we split the lamb (8 chops!!!), served with tzatziki, roasted potatoes, and green beans in a savory tomato sauce. I've never tasted lamb quite this tender before, and I've had lamb in some top notch places. Typically restaurants overcook parts of the chops, and the result is a layer of gristle on each piece. Zorba's cooks the meat to perfection, and the limited fat is soft and melts into the meat, and on-point seasoning. Wonderful. Their tzatziki blows others I've tried clean out of the water as well: thick and creamy, with perfectly balanced spices and crunch. Use it sparingly on the lamb: the meat is delightfully seasoned on its own. However, spread some of that creamy heaven on the potatoes, and you've got yourself a mouthgasm. As for the green beans: I rarely get excited about this veggie, but their flavorful marinara was a game-changer.Magnificent meat. Sensational seafood. Truly heartfelt dishes. Make a bee-line for this place the next time you're downtown. Well worth the visit.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,4/17/2013,27,66,1,9,4>Tucked next to the JFX this new spot is definitely a word-of-mouth affair.  We caught a delicious scent of the wood-burning oven walking to the entrance.   We were a party of four, three glorious meat eaters and one adventurous vegetarian.  Since there is currently no menu posted online I was concerned there wouldn't be enough meat-free options to accommodate our herbivore, but everything worked out.  They feature a moderately-sized and interesting beer list (draft/bottle) but they were out of the first three selections we chose at the table, recommending substitutes that we ordered and were very tasty.  We shared two perfectly crisped thin-crust pizzas with toppings such as thin-sliced prosciutto, coppa, arugula and fennel, enough to share between two adults for sure.  Roasted beets served on the side with fresh chevre and balsamic and an entree pasta dish: wild boar bolognese which was rich yet portioned appropriately.  My only qualm of the whole evening was the delay in which the bolognese was brought out when the young lady serving us admitted that they lost the order in the kitchen, and had to come twice to our table to remind us that they were remaking it, probably a delay of an additional 20-30 minutes or since since the first entrees arrived.  For this I feel that it should have warranted a dessert or drink comp, as my three dining companions were just about done with their meals.  She was apologetic though.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,4/16/2013,16,213,2,4,3>Finally the authentic Mexican food and margaritas in this area. Great place for happy hour, behind Victoria Gastro pub. If you like it hot, ask for harbenero salsa. Xitomate offers a more unique menu than just burrito and fajita. Try their specials to get more tasty Mexican dishes. Great for a girls-night-out or date night. It is definitely on my list to take my family there again.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/15/2013,27,113,,9,7>Real BBQ is about the meat, not the sauce. The meats at Mission BBQ are great examples of several regional BBQ styles mainly Texas and North Carolina. And while the sauces I sampled were all very good, you could eat the brisket without any sauce and enjoy it all the same with just the flavor of the meat and the smoke.I'm a Texas Ex-Pat BBQ snob who has been known to drive hundreds of miles to eat at the famous BBQ joints around that great state. I drove to Perry Hall to try the cue because the Mission BBQ website had a picture of these guys in front of Cooper's BBQ in Llano, TX and Louie Mueller's In Taylor, TX-- two of my favorite places in the state. After sampling Mission BBQ's cue, I'd drive to Perry Hall again to eat there. The brisket has that telltale thick pink ring that all proper Texas BBQ should have.  Only had a taste of the pork, but that had an authentic North Carolina flavor to it. Sides were tasty. And served on brown paper as God meant BBQ to be served on. A sink to wash the sauce off your fingers is right in the main dining room.The joint has a unusual public service theme honoring first responders, cops, firefighters and armed forces. They play the national anthem everyday at noon and patrons all stand and place their hands over their hearts as it plays. This place should be famous among local BBQ fanatics. Come now before everybody finds out about this place the lines get too long.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,4/14/2013,71,270,8,13,10>Ok, I had to google what the heck a Caravanserai was (and you should too!), but now that I have, the name is totally fitting. There have been tons of goodies popping up on the avenue lately, and this is one of my favorites. Caravanserai feels like I'm wandering through a bazaar (not bizarre!) somewhere in Morocco. Or India? Turkey? Whatever. I'm not good with that. You know what I mean. You would definitely feel at home riding a camel through this place. It is a big space with a market feel and you can tell that whoever is doing the curating has a careful eye and a love for exotic treasures. There is a big price range here, so even if you aren't looking to walk out with a thousand-dollar carving today, you can still find lanterns, jewelry, scarves, pillows, quilts-- the works! I fell in love with a gorgeous paisley and beaded scarf- but unfortunately a $78 scarf is not in my budget right now. If you're into that Pier 1 ethnic/bohemian/jewel-toned home look but would prefer the real deal collected from someone's travels and handmade rather than something made in a sweat shop by child laborers, you will love it here! P.S. I heard about this place by eavesdropping on the owner in a coffee shop. I couldn't wait to check out her shop ASAP after learning that she is the woman who has the kantha throws and pillow cases at the Waverly Farmer's Market. If you've admired those textiles as much as I have-- picture a whole shop full of similar treasures--and get over to the Avenue (by Golden West & 13.5%) to support her!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,4/13/2013,183,700,2,5,2>Mama's on the Half Shell is a pretty darn good seafood fest, from crab cakes and scallops to oysters and shrimp. You name it, they've got it. Their menu is huge and you'll have to take a good long look before you decide on what to get. Or you can just order at random and that'll likely have you satisfied anyway.I think it's safe to say that the entire appetizers portion of the menu is great (Though I have yet to try their famous hot wings. Why get wings when you're at a seafood restaurant?) In addition, I generally am not a fan of crab dip. But a special kudos to Mama's on the Half Shell because I tried their crab and artichoke dip and loved it.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,4/12/2013,50,25,3,6,2>If you are in the mood for a delicious and refreshing cocktail search no further. I can personally recommend the sangria (honestly one of the best sangrias I've had at a restaurant - and I've had a lot!), the rum punch, and the 70 proof shirley temple! All three were worth every penny!The food was as good as everyone else says it is - however, and the reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the duck fat fries were way too potent for me (and my boyfriend). The rosemary on them was so over-powering I barely ate any of mine - but it would seem that the two of us just have defunct taste buds because everyone else seems to love them!Other than that everything was great. We sat on the heated patio which was lovely - nice atmosphere with white Christmas lights.I've already decided this is where the fam will take me for my birthday in January!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,4/11/2013,747,595,2,9,5>It's hard to not love Bengie's, but then again it's a seasonal place running from spring to fall, and so the love is a seasonal thing...Pulling into the lot requires you to turn your lights off, and pull in, find a spot and tune-in. Depending on the time, and what's showing you maybe able to run in to the concession stand or use the restroom. But you probably would want to wait until the showing is over with before wandering in. Mostly everywhere offers a good view of the screen, plus as people leave you might be able to pull in a little closer. I would recommend getting there right before sundown.  Also please make sure to bring CASH, as they will not accept anything else at the ticket office; however, the concession stand will accept visa and mastercard only ( I have also never seen an ATM on the property). Overall it's a great family experince, or even an alternative to the busy cinemas for a date night. 4 stars!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/10/2013,139,351,6,6,4>I'm a fan because it's duckpin bowling.Also because it's run by a nice (although a little awkward at times) man.Also also, because it's fairly cheap, it's a fun time (when getting those strikes), the music is horribly 'from the past' good, the people are always interesting, and you can typically get lanes no prob.If you're not into the Dundalk-esque crowd or style, don't bother. You should probably find a more upscale duckpin alley.Or you should just skip duck-pinning.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,4/9/2013,90,149,4,7,4>This review is on behalf of a 9 year old boy who  had hair cut disasters before. He greatly appreciated our now 2nd visit to Andy's Barber Shop! The place is a walking Military tribute with various pieces of memorabilia covering the walls, and airplanes hanging from the ceiling tiles. Every square inch of this place is covered in Navy Seal stuff. It makes for a little boy's delight! Andy seems continously busy with quite the  regular clientele. We have been to Tina twice who listened! Wow....a barber who respects the client (even though he is 9) and doesn't automatically break out clippers!This is a really cool shop...finally a good barber shop has been discovered in Ellicott City. Try it...I think your kids and well ...any man will love it!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/8/2013,31,103,2,6,5>Best pizza I have had in Bmore! I have to give Tameka W. major props for recommending this place---it lived up to the hype! The wood-fire thin crust style pizza is very similar to the famed New Haven, CT pizza (well NH is know for their coal oven pizza)! The second I bite into the pizza I was seriously transported back to the days in New Haven---the crush is very flavorful and has just the right char--and I normally hate pizza crust. The couple times I have been there I have ordered the Salsiccia (housemade mozzarella and sausage/sopressata/wood-roasted red eppers), and the ingredients tasted fresh and high-quality.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/7/2013,49,114,3,3,4>I cannot believe it took me so long living in Baltimore before I visited the aquarium! I kept waiting for a good opportunity with an out of town guest but then I finally decided to seize the day and just go! I'm not ashamed to say as a grownup person with no kids in tow that I loved the aquarium. It brought out the eight year old amateur zoologist in me. The highlights were the dolphin show and the shark tank, as well a glimpse of a sloth's butt high, high in the trees in the rainforest exhibit. The building itself is maze-like, but the view of the harbor is unreal, even on a gray rainy day.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,4/6/2013,134,129,3,3,3>Cool new lounge spot! Went here last night to celebrate Style Magazine happy hour! Many free bites and sips!The inside very sleek and modern. Many trendy folk bustling about during the happy hour. The place was packed. Not too surprise, many great restaurants near and things to do. The free food options they had last night was the prim rib sliders, chicken pizza, and something with tuna ( well you can tell what I didn't like lol) The chicken pizza was awesome! Will definitely be back have that. It's a must try.  The Prime Rib Slider was pretty good but I do wish that the meat was well done. Nothing to say about the Tuna.BEST PART!!!: They have a butter cake that is too die for! Honestly I believe the butter cake wins hand down best dessert served at a restaurant.  I also had a refreshing Pear Martini to wash everything down with. Now go try that butter cake! :)
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,4/5/2013,49,138,6,7,2>Here's the lowdown on Gateway: get the cheesesteakProvolone, fried onions, mayo, ketchup. No more, no less.You will not be sorry. I've tried greasy cheesteaks wit, witout, wiz, etc in Philly. At the touristy places, in malls, in hole in the walls, via locals, via Yelp, you name it. Somehow, someway, these friendly people that run Gateway will make you one of the most balanced, tasty, and authentic Philly cheesesteaks you'll ever sink your pearly whites or slightly yellows into. A lot of seasoned cheesesteak vets will tell you that it's all in the bread. My opinion is balance and quality ingredients. You'll find all that here in Gateway's offering, encapsulated in a great sub/hoagie roll. Possibly the best bread of any delivery/takeout/subs/wings/pizza joint in the area.Oh, and their pizza and Indian food are pretty good too! Fresh dough pizza is well made and tasty. Good but not great. The Indian food is solid too. Again, good but not great. The naan in particular (onion and roasted garlic) are great options. As far as delivery Indian food goes in the Columbia area, I prefer Long Reach Pizza in both categories. But if you heed my advice and get that amazingly authentic cheesesteak as the centerpiece of your delivery or carryout order, try their pizza and Indian food too. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,4/4/2013,52,112,12,6,6>T'was the day after the Christmas and all through the houseWasn't a darn thing to eat, how did this come about?It was raining and sleeting and snowing outside,"I'm not going out there, I'd rather starve and die"Then a thought came upon me, it was masochistic indeed,I could order delivery, they'll bring me my feed!The problem is, I live so very farVery few people deliver...you'd be screwed without a car.Between Pippos and Zestos it was a struggle until...I discovered I could order online from Zesto, human intereaction - nilI browsed the menu, avoiding the pizza, I note,Cheese steak wit' whiz, hot damn you have my vote!I'm so excited, I can't wait! cheese steak wit' whiz!If you know anything about Philly, you know what this is!I finalize my order, hit send to complete,Forty minutes later, my food and I meet!The rain is coming down sideways, it's crappy outside.And I live at the edge of the earth, it's a long drive.It only took 40 minutes for them to bring me food,Even though I vowed to never to give them a chance, and that was just rude.So here's my crappy limerick to make up for the poor review,Because when I was in need, you came through.We enjoyed the calzone, cheese steak and fries..The hoagie left a lot to be desired, and I asked for my peppers on the side!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,4/3/2013,49,154,8,8,7>It is easy to get jaded with food trucks' flashy accoutrements these days, but I was still impressed to see a stone tandoor springing up in the middle of this truck, smoking meats and fresh naan.The meals here are priced to own (especially when parked next to the over-priced Woody's Tacos). This truck usually sports two young dudes listening to Flo Rida slinging standard Indian fare (Chicken Curry, Tikki Marsala and Lamb Vindaloo). The prices are good ($8-9 for entrees), but the real value lies in the freshness. You can't swing a cat in Mt Vernon without hitting a lunchtime Indian buffet these days, but it is so often the same bubbling fodder that has been sitting in a tired chaffing dish since it got mixed in with the leftovers from yesterday.At this food truck, the meals are made fresh and you can epecially taste it in the meats and Indian flat bread. The meals aren't trying to blow your mind, just serve up some good, fresh noise to go. All dishes come with plenty of rice, a side salad and a rameken of that green chutney sauce. The Flo Rida is complementary.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,4/2/2013,35,123,2,5,3>Where do I start?  This place is amazing.  Really...amazing.Came here for a friend's birthday because one of the guys in our party knows the chef, and thought we'd check it out since it's new (only open 3 weeks at this point).Boy were we impressed!!!  Walking into the place, the decor is beautiful - classy, well put together - dark wood and exposed brick, beautiful light fixtures - GREAT chandeliers and good bathrooms.  Also the service is impeccable - knowledgeable about everything and attentive without being annoying.  Now onto the food - for starters we split the Blue Crab Salad - more of a roll than a salad and on the small side, but very good.  Also good were the pork belly and pumpkin soup.  For the main course, I tried the Crispy Country egg - 6  min egg dipped in panko then flash fried so there's a crispy outer, cooked white part, and runny yolk - never had anything like it, but was delicious!  That was on a bed of amazing Parmesan gnudi (like gnocchi) with mushrooms and split pea puree.  Everyone else at the table also enjoyed their dishes which included the Sirloin steak, short ribs (this is what I would try next time - looked so good!) and the chicken.  For dessert we were brought a chocolate cake with strawberry filling and frosting - delicious!!Really the night all together was unbelievably impressive.  I can't think of a single thing I could have changed to make it any better.  It's a little expensive, so not a place I'd go every week, although I hear they have a more casual bar menu too, but definitely a destination when celebrating a special occasion!!!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/1/2013,175,115,2,8,4>Been here many many times and finally deciding to write a review.Iggie's has been around for a while and is pretty much a Mt. Vernon staple.  There was a close scare that it'd be moving, but glad to see it still in Mt. Vernon where it rightfully should be!For those of you unfamiliar with the place here's the breakdown:1) very casual restaurant with long rows of bench seating and tables as well.  Parking outside might be hard if you're coming driving in for dinner.  You'll have to try and get lucky to find a good parallel parking spot.2) BYOB.  this is one of the biggest draws3) pet friendly...right at the entrance, there is a wall of customer pet photos.  great to pass the time while you wait in line4) dinner is quite busy, esp on weekend nights (maybe 30 minute wait?  but if you go for lunch, there's no wait.5) PIZZAsss:  thin crust, very very good.  Crispy.  Toppings are interesting and unique, i'll leave it up to you to decide from the menu.  I pretty much like everything.  The ingredients are really high quality and great combinations from savory to sweet to meaty to fruitful.   The one draw back I can think of are the fillingness of the pizza for the price you pay.  The thin crustness of the pizza can leave you hungry, but you're eseentially paying for quality over quantity.  OVERALL:Come and enjoy! and make sure iggie's stays in mt vernon.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/31/2013,49,161,4,6,3>I was excited that the dude got a Groupon for one appetizer (three options), two entrees (three options), and one dessert. But, was bummed that it was for delivery or carry out.  We almost forgot about the dang thing....until one night when we found ourselves in the house with and empty fridge, and two dollars short for a large pizza. Chicken and waffles, pork loin, short ribs, and bread pudding sounded darn good. They were out of the pork loin, so I ordered another short rib entree, and added on a BLT with cheese for good measure. So, I placed the order at 8:46 on a Saturday night. It was delivered at 9:15. All things considered, the food was quite good. IMHO ,takeout food is never as good as it is when dining in. The BLT was served on golden brown Texas toast with hand cut fries. The rib was tender and served on a bed of buttery, smashed yellow potatoes with a side of greens. The bread pudding was delightful, and made me glad that I had a bit of ice cream left in the freezer. I don't think that I've ever been so happy that we decided to stay home and order in. We made a pact  not to eat at the same restaurant twice in 2013 (fast food excluded). But, the next time we're able to get out for a bite, Herb & Soul is where we'll conveniently end up if I am driving. **Insert evil laugh here**
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,3/30/2013,102,155,,4,1>This is another place that, like Chopstixxx (across the street), humbly knows what it is, what it's good at, and expresses that in its food, service, and decor so excellently. That's why it's getting a 5 star--because for what it is and is supposed to be--it's tops!So what is Sushi Q? In my opinion, Sushi Q is an asian cafe specializing in sushi that cares a great deal about the customer experience. You'll also find pad thai, yaki udon/soba, fried rice, etc, aside from sushi--so you don't have to alienate friends who aren't sushi fans.Like others have echoed; the decor is a nice surprise--once you enter, you can tell how much thought was put into making this place welcoming and cozy. Of course, this started when the restaurant was called "Hokkaido" just a while ago, but it's nice to see some updates as well. As we were lost in the array of options, the host brought us the "Sushi Q appetizer." I won't reveal what it is as you should have the chance to experience that in person :)Our dishes were served within 5-10 min of ordering, which was very fast. I posted some pics, but here's the rundown of my own dishes: SHRIMP & SCALLOP YAKI SOBA:-nice proportion of onions and veggies to noodles (if you're an onion lover, you will be pleased--lots of shredded, stir-fried onion!)-shrimp was large although not split open in the back, relatively clean though. I would make the suggestion for them to split it open--it's almost there :).-scallops were seared well, but I think they might've been imitation scallops, not sure, they tasted very chewy and I couldn't discern the usual sinews present in scallops. I know this because I like to eat my scallops very slowly, ripping off the sinews piece by piece like string cheese. And I couldn't do it with these--it was like one big blob. It was still good though.CALIFORNIA ROLLS:-these were heavy on the fake crab and avocado, so if you like a nice, thick, crab stick  you'll enjoy this. Pollack fans--here's your place :) I personally prefer a more moist, sinewy pollack, but generally enjoyed this.Our group got these complimentary japanese cheesecakes for dessert--so nice of them! TIP: Make sure to ask for separate checks if you want--as they were able to split the check quite quickly.Considering our group of 9 cleared every plate that came to the table, leaving no noodle nor sesame seed behind, Sushi Q deserves some applause. They strive so much to give their customers this special dining experience, even in rough economic times. Places like this are hard to come by!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,3/29/2013,92,403,4,3,4>A friend of mine has a little shop in SP across the street from Dawson's, so while I was visiting her at her location, I decided to stop in and re-stock before Sandy hit the area....I mean, when the power is out, liquor IS a necessity, is it not?  SO......I stopped in and discovered they were having a wine tasting event, with about four different wines being featured.....and for FREE.   I ended up buying 2 bottles, each only around $10 but very good!  The staff were very friendly, efficient, and knowledgable.  The store has a great selection, and has some unique offerings that I haven't seen in other locations.  My only issue is that it is a VERY tight fit in there...not much room to move around.  Of course, that could be because a lot of other people had the same idea I had pre-Sandy, so maybe it wouldn't be so crowded on a "normal" day.  But I'd definitely recommend stopping in!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/28/2013,52,169,3,5,4>I have a huge rib piece I got here, and I'm extremely happy with the results. It's a gorgeous tattoo, I get complimented on it all the time, and it's holding up well over time. The place is VERY clean, the artists are AMAZING and friendly, and it's obvious they're all educated artists and passionate about what they do. I'd recommend this place to anyone, and I'll continue to come here for all the rest of the tattoos I get. :)I also got my belly button pierced here. It was the third time I've had it done, the first two times I got it done at other places and the piercing rejected pretty quickly. This time, it's been a few months and it looks fantastic!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,3/27/2013,131,357,7,21,17>Who doesn't love bright, new and shiny? I didn't realize it was a new salon until I arrived for my appointment. The salon is modern and filled with natural light. Since it is new, it was really clean. It's right in the Mars Shopping Center so there is plenty of parking. I met with Nicky, a senior stylist. He was personable and funny. He listened to what I was looking for, plus addressed my wavy hair issues and busy lifestyle. Nicky gave me an awesome cut. It looked great the day of and many days after. What I really loved is that he gave me tips on how to style my hair. This has allowed me to get the same look in the salon! I loved my experience from check in to shampoo to cut and style! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,3/26/2013,40,283,3,6,2>Wow, talk about a hole in the wall. Ebenezer has a grand total of about four tables, shares a door with a couple of apartments and obviously isn't much to look at but the food here is really solid. I split the beef tibs and a vegetarian platter combo with a couple of other people and was happy with what we got. The beef tibs that we had was the highlight of the meal. The flavor & seasoning was first rate as long as you don't mind a bit of spiciness. The vegetarian platter was a little less impressive than some of the veggies I've had at Dukem (which is really my only point of comparison.) The menu was pretty limited and of the dishes they listed only half were available. If you do come here for food you need to be prepared for a bit of a wait. Service wasn't the fastest which was fine for a lazy holiday afternoon, but if you're in a hurry you may want to call ahead for takeout instead. Prices are fantastic, the total for a pretty substantial lunch including tip came to $21 for three people.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,3/25/2013,157,175,,7,5>Thanks to my fellow yelpers this is my go-top spot whenever I am in Baltimore to see a show at the Hipp! I've been here a couple times now and I can honestly say I am a big fan. First of all, if you like beer. You will be in heaven. Not only do they have two pages of menu items of bottles of every type of hard cider, pale ale and pilsner imaginable they also have an extensive list of beers on draft. I try a few things every time I'm there. Of course I am always overwhelmed but the servers are normally so well informed they can walk you through the best choices. They offer to bring samples which is great, as so many choices, it's hard to pick the perfect ale! If you want a burger, you came to the right place. The Steakhouse burger is one of their specialties but NOTE: If you want it - order it IMMEDIATELY as it takes longer than anything else on the menu! Duck fat fries are divine as well as the Boar meatballs. Plenty of choices to please every palate. Some words to the wise. If you're going before a show at the Hippodrome, or on a night there IS a show. I'd definitely advise getting reservations. There is a lot of seating but best to be safe. Another tip, make sure to give yourself a lot of time. That delicious food needs time to be prepared. Go with enough time to have a few cocktails and enjoy your time there. My ONLY complaint is the noise level in the back room. High ceilings with minimal wall art makes it quite echoey - I had a hard time chatting the last time I was there. The first time I was in the main dining area and it was fine but when it fills up it gets LOUD.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,3/24/2013,56,130,,6,1>Best meal so far in Baltimore.  Everything was great from beginning to end. It was packed and we had to wait for a table.  We decided to wait at the bar and have a drink.  I had the grapefruit sangria which I thought was excellent.  We were starving and had a snack at the bar.  Everything sounded so delicious it was difficult to decide.  We chose the steak tacos because it came with 3 mini tacos and there were 3 of us!  They were excellent.  A great balance of flavors.  We were practically licking the sauce off the plate.  In terms of our entrees, we got the chicken, the scallops and the steak frites. One was better than the next.  Not only were  the main entrees excellent, but the sides were amazing as well. The butternut squash risotto was so flavorful and rich and complemented the scallops nicely. THe mashed potatoes with the chicken were well seasoned as well.We were so full, we passed on dessert, but will be back very soon!  The service was excellent and very attentive.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,3/23/2013,334,725,3,5,4>I love Talara. How have I not written this review. I am so backlogged. My friends are all on my case to improve their stars cause they think this place is out of this world. I tell them to "write your own review." I get silent stares as they inhale and enjoy the mussels. I first came on a recommendation and have to agree that it's fabulous. The bartenders are a tad stuffy except for John, he's cool and down to earth. And our table server Samir was so awesome and accommodating- even got us water during salsa lessons. Those are held on Mondays at 9pm.. free lessons from a local Salsa instructor Sean, followed by open dancing with his students who come out. All the food is pretty incredible. You can snag a Living Social coupon if you watch for them. I think I paid $15 for $30 of food and drinks. They have good red wine too. You can take the bottle home if you don't finish it all. This stuff rocks: Fire and Ice Serviche when they have tuna   Calabaza Serviche - tuna is definitely the bestMussels Cataplana made Portugese style with a tomato base and Chorizo flavor- more generous portion than Paladar's coconut milk based mussels Arroz Con Pollo - big servingRopa Vieja- shredded beef brisket with coconut rice and beansHericot verts and asparagus side dishRoasted corn and goat cheese polenta  Homemade plantain and malanga chips are deliciousThese are decent: Guacamole is okay- not as good as how I make itAsian Tartare - more like a sushi roll than TartareGinger Tataki Serviche - more like sashimi to me than Serviche
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,3/22/2013,30,86,,5,4>Alright, so...this place is in a gas station.  If you ignore that, you'll be treated to what are probably the best kabobs in the Odenton/Gambrills/Crofton area.  We came here this evening, ordered ahead of time and the food was ready when we arrived.  We opted for takeout given the gas station location.We all got the Chicken Tikka Kabobs.  The chicken come with aromatic rice, salad and a huge serving of naan.  The chicken is spiced well, cooked nicely and tender.  The portion size is on par for this type of restaurant and the prices are reasonable.You should try this place...it's is a gas station, so it's not fancy.  But hey, it doesn't have to be fancy to be good!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,3/21/2013,10,127,2,9,1>YES - a yummy local dim sum joint!Here's what to expect:1) Yes, the restaurant has been EMPTY every time we've been - with the exception of a few Chinese families -- this is NOT a tourist destination (well, not yet anyhow!)2) Super cheap bill at the end - our group on multiple occasions ordered more food than we could handle (and we have some big eaters!) and we finished less than $10 pp.  A steal.3) My Fave Dim Sum Bits:     ** Steamed Rice in Lotus Leaves - perfection!     ** Custard rolls --- yesssssss     ** SOUP DUMPLINGS - do not miss these.  It is a rare delight to have a place with great Shanghai soup dumplings, and Zhongshan does!Interestingly, my favorite Dim Sum buns (Pork Bao) are not super fabulous here.  That's the reason ZS didn't make it to 5 stars.  But the entrees we tried, like the Singapore Noodles were EXCELLENT.I hate to review this place because I kind of love having it "all to myself," but I love sharing local favorites, so there ya go :D
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,3/20/2013,154,146,2,4,2>I got the Beef sandwich and. it. changed. my. life.  This place is nothing special from the outside, or even the inside.. looks like a dive bar and shares a parking lot with a strip club... but the food you get will be DELICIOUS and will fill you up with amazingness!Important points:- Do not forget the TIGER SAUCE!!- The horseradish sauce is strong, but PERFECT with the beef sandwiches- The fries are to die for, but your belly may not have enough room for it + beef sandwich.- Plan to stand in line, but don't expect the wait to be very long. They're super fast and efficient.Love this place!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/19/2013,73,124,8,6,5>So I recently saw a thread wondering if the "good" dragon was still around. Listen this place "ain't goin NOWHERE" I have been coming here since I was small child, and now I bring my children. The folks who come here to dine in or carryout are like an extended family. The little lady and the front taking orders knows everyone and she always has her favorite TV. show (wheel of fortune) playing on her "1913" colored TV. The decor here is dated but that adds to the charm, now the big dragon statue that scrolls around a pillar that separates the dinning room from the waiting area can scare the crap out of my six year old like it use to do me, (Ah great memories!) The food is still awesome, why change a formula that works and everyone that matter (loyal customer) always come back. I always order the same thing. House fried rice and Lo Mein (basically hearty pieces of pork,chicken and shrimp mixed in with the fried rice and the same with the Lo Mein) and two egg rolls. That's enough to feed my family and save some for tomorrow, (you know leftover Chinese food is always good). They make a homemade duck sauce that is divine and the wonton soup as well as the orange chicken are very delicious. So there you have it Golden Dragon is still a top notch restaurant in my book.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,3/18/2013,45,104,4,3,3>I'm a sucker for bars with a gimmick. Give me skeeball or arcade games or free pizza with drinks (come on Baltimore, why don't we get on that trend? It's the one thing I miss most about living in Brooklyn) and I will happily weather a weird crowd and lack of ambiance. So when I heard about the Tub of Fun I knew I had to check Spirits out.Let me tell you, it did not disappoint. It had everything you could want in a dive bar; free pool, peanuts at the bar, hot dogs on offer, and a crowd that was 98% men. Okay well maybe that last part isn't ideal for dudes looking to score but it always seems like the best dive bars have the fewest women so I take it as a good sign.The Tub of Fun was pretty awesome. Well, not really because I didn't guess right and I was stuck with a Keystone Light but it was only $1.50! For that price I'll happily continue to drink shitty beer in the hopes of someday basking in the glory of earning a free shot. Someday...
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,3/17/2013,77,235,3,10,5>For a buffet, this is as good as it gets!  At least for lunch, that is!  I took my daughter here for lunch and she had a ball!  It is located in what used to be a furniture store so the space is gigantic!  It is very nondescript on the outside, but extremely nice on the inside!!  Nice tables, dim lighting and Celine Dion cd playing, sounds good!!  When you go inside you pay at the front before getting your food!  This is very convenient to me!  Just go in and get your food!  You are then seated and then you can dig in!  This Chinese/Japanese buffet is by far the best and the cleanest in Crofton!  And I like Empire Garden across 3, but this location is by far better!  There are plenty of tables for dining as well as plenty of options to fill your plate!  There is a sushi station where they are making fresh sushi in front of you as well as a hibachi station!  Far better than most of the buffets in the area!!  As far as food on the buffet tables, there is so much to choose from!  From seafood, to poultry to even vegetarian options, there is plenty to choose from!  And for buffet food, it is pretty good!  Fresh food that is always being refreshed!  Very good buffet!This is by far as good as a buffet gets in the Crofton area!!  Love it!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/16/2013,55,370,3,7,5>Why do more people not love Korean food? I can only conclude they are innocently ignorant, and it's my personal goal to enlighten them as soon as possible.Take, for instance, Lighthouse Tofu. In all the sleety-snowy-rainy winter weather of the last couple of weeks, I've been there twice, and I would have been back a third time if I'd had my way. The staff are friendly and helpful to non-Koreans (me!) and seem to take genuine pleasure in seeing our unbridled joy about their fantastic food.My joint Armenian-Scottish heritage is pressing me to let you know, first, how inexpensive a meal this will be. You can order a tofu soup or bebimbap for about 12 dollars, and that will be IT for the night. Add a bottle of soju (sweet-ish rice wine) for the table: about another 12 dollars. Even if you tip generously, as I do, you're talking well under $20 per person for a fantastic meal.About the meal: it begins with appetizers, which are unlimited and included in the price of your entree. Yes, you read that correctly. Bean sprouts dressed with sesame oil, spicy cabbage pickled in pepper sauce, sliced radishes and cucumbers in vinegar, and other delights: eat as much as you want and they'll happily bring more. Everything is packed with flavor and very healthy, consisting mainly of vegetables. And, best of all, it will be different the next time you come!I've only tried two entrees here, and they were both amazing. Bebimbap is white rice in a hot stone bowl, topped with mushrooms, beef, carrots, scallions and a fried egg: you top it with some spicy-sweet pepper sauce and then stir, stir, stir with chopsticks, incorporating the vegetables and meat into bits of crispy rice. It's served with miso soup, which you can add to the mix or enjoy separately. I'm usually a compose-each-bite sort of person, but in this case the mixing is paramount to a classic end product of varying textures and flavors.The tofu soup for which the restaurant is named is also wonderful. A hearty, spicy broth surrounds a TON of creamy tofu, along with vegetables and seafood or meat, and your first act is to crack an egg into the boiling broth (it's too hot to eat right away anyway!) It's a wonderful meal, very filling and flavorful.An interesting side note: Everything is served with rice (of course) which comes in its own stone bowl. The server scoops it out into smaller metal bowls, one for each diner, and then pours hot water into the empty stone bowl. The bits of rice that have stuck to the outside soften over a few minutes, and the tradition is then to scoop rice and water "tea" into a bowl and drink it. Our Korean friend told us this was born of thrift, but that many people really like the taste. To me it was pretty much just rice and water, but I enjoyed learning about the tradition.I'd like to try the barbecued meats, but I'm a little hesitant because I really prefer seafood and eat vegan fairly often too. However, with the track record of this place, I think I'll be brave, and I can't imagine being disappointed!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,3/15/2013,20,90,,4,3>We headed over here after an unpleasant experience around the corner. I'm really glad we did!We arrived at about 2:45, just in time to order brunch. The kids shared a pancake and french toast, and were very happy to enjoy orange pineapple juice. I had an interesting brunch... a nice cold draft beer (Check-in deal $3!,) tomato soup, and french toast! I know, strange combination, but they all looked good, so why not? My husband ordered the breakfast nachos at our server's recommendation.My french toast was fluffy and delicious- I was very pleased! My 4-year old who insisted he wanted pancakes ate his half pancake and half french toast (We split it amongst the kids so they could try both) he ate another whole piece of my french toast! If you know my son, that should be all the review you need! Hubby was quite happy with his breakfast nachos- we might try to make something like that at home. The customer service was very good! We were greeted right away and chose our own table, and the server who sat us (ended up not being our server) was friendly. She greeted our kids, gave them crayons and menus, and was inviting and nice. Our server had a great attitude and was very welcoming as well. She helped my husband choose between 3 items he was interested in and made her recommendations very well, I thought. The kids' food and soup came out pretty quickly, and our breakfast followed within a very reasonable time. We'll be back! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because after we ate our breakfast, it took awhile to receive our check. When we did get it, a couple very small corrections needed to be made. Our server was apparently working on it behind the scenes when she noticed it, but I didn't realize that and asked another lady to look into it. As such, we have 4 pending charges but that should resolve itself quickly enough anyway. :) We enjoyed breakfast very much, and then were happy to walk through some of the remnants of the Fells Point Festival (but that time + rain, and it was shutting down, where we were, for the most part.)
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/14/2013,123,196,,4,2>Liquor store reviews are fun but why the need?  Do they have a wide variety, are they well stocked, are they nice, is this a good part of town?  There are many reasons, not all liquor stores are equal!Do they have a wide variety? Yes!  I was able to find everything I needed, they even had gift sets for the more popular alcohol.  Is it clean? YES!  When I was here, they were expanding and doing some work and everything still seemed to be clean and tidy.  My only complaint was that I got a bunch of bottles of Asti and the bottles were dusty!  Whaaaa?  I can't be the only one in anne arundel county who drinks it like it's going out of style, right?Were they well stocked?  Kind of.  Most things they had only one or two of and I thought that was probably because of the renovations but they weren't in the part that they were working on, so I'll have to come back to answer that.  Were they knowledgeable?  Absolutely, YES!  It was my first time here, they knew where everything was that I couldn't find and they gave me many suggestions on similar wines or whiskey that I had a hard time picking out.  They had great customer service.  They had carts!  Never been to a wine store with push carts, LOVE IT!  The kind woman at the front gave my kids pretzels when they were getting rowdy and was so sweet about everything.  All the employees looked well kept and well educated.  Over all, nicest store I've been to in a while.  Fairly close to me.  Good prices.  I got to use coupons for 15% off all my wine.  Saved 12 dollars!  Wohoo!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,3/13/2013,89,159,1,1,2>This is the isolated part of Security Square mall, in the far back by the truck school and movie theater (which I'm surprised is still in business since it was only hot when I was a kid) anyway I digress...Back here is where the authentic businesses are - sushi, bars, handmade candles, Dominican salon, etc. Here is also the location for my only business being there ZUMBA!!!It gets 5 stars because the zumba instructors are awesome, it's always crowded, they sell water, clothing, offer variety of classes (toning, gold for elderly folk, salsa, etc) and they have those belly dancer belts that make working out sexy and fun for all. It's a very welcoming group of women and we make NOISE! (But again, it's no one ever in this part of the mall -literally lol)They used to teach in a huge hall on the top floor, but have recently opened the center specifically for us. Google them - Bmore Fit Studio 5 stars for the zumba studio!!!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,3/12/2013,74,176,5,5,3>Wooooooooooppp ( in my Rick Ross voice) ok ok ok ok kkkkk! If you follow me! then you already know I have a cupcake crazed fiance! Seriously. This is THE place for BMORE cupcakes. Forealzz folks. Dont skip them because you may have a fav place to go. We went here on the word on my cuzzo. And I love this said cuzzo, but she is very PICKY when it comes to her food. And she is not affraid to voice her expectations. So when this cousin said hey go to Midnight Confections.. I have been there at least 6 times and my cupcakes are always on point. I KNEW I had to get my grubby hands on some of their sweet treats. Well before I could... he had been there like 5 times. Without bringing me one. ( yes... your read that right) Without bringing ME ... ME... ME.. a cupcake forget our kid. ME! A few weeks ago we found ourselves around the corner from them. He ran in and picked up a few Vanilla . (bow your head in silence) ***shead a single tear*** This was the ONE of the single best things I have  ever...ever..eva..eva..put in my mouth. ( that's what HE said) Everything was perfect. The crisp but not crunchy outter layer and the soft fluffy inside with little specks of vanilla bean. The icing was creamy but overly heavy or unaturally sweet. I will be going back.. I will scream from the roof tops.. GO to this place. Im so happy bmore finally got a great consitently  good..no GREAT cupcake joint. ***high fives*** Midnight Confections
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/11/2013,133,540,4,5,4>I like this place.  It is the only place in the area I know of that has grills and vents on the tables.  It has ample space and is in a strip mall.  This is important because the area is extremely sketchy and going to some of the other restaurants, parking can feel dicey.  First off I thought they had good value, between 4 of us we ordered 3 soups, a fried chicken, beers and soju and the bill with tip came to $20 a person.  Not bad at all.  Second, they were good about refilling water, bon chon and napkins.  Third, the bathrooms were clean (you laugh, but compare to some of the competition in the area).  I would say, it is not as good as the restaurants in Ellicott City, but for those of us who live in Bmore, it is a lot closer.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,3/10/2013,92,83,4,4,4>This place is AWESOME!  I'm going to keep things short and sweet for once, because it is a personal subject.  This is the only sex shop in the area where I have felt comfortable inside.  It is small, but it's clean, they sell quality products, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  I didn't feel embarrassed or ashamed (only giggled twice) and I didn't want to immediately bathe myself in bleach after being there either.  This store has a great atmosphere, and if need be I will definitely return!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,3/9/2013,118,600,2,7,8>Yeah!  Such a cool place.  Great historic building that now contains artists studios.  The first Saturday of every month they hold an open house where the general public can visit the artists studios.   The best is that you can also visit the clock tower on top of the building.  Just like Hugo (best movie ever!).  Such a fun activity for kids and adults!!Note: to get to the clock tower you do have to climb a flight of stairs and then a ship's ladder (kind of a cross between stairs and a genuine ladder).  The studios are all accessible by elevator.You should go!  It's FREE!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/8/2013,416,145,6,13,8>I'm far from a Fro-yo girl. I'm from Baltimore, where true natives prefer snowballs and round the way ice-cream trucks that cause kids of all ages to run outside soon as they hear that familiar "HELLOOOO" (youtube.com/watch?v=uNgW).  Local culture comforts aside, I've peeked my head and change purse inside a few shops for a SMALL cup of yogurty goodness a few times.  I say small because paying by the pound is only okay when it refers to a fun size woman such as myself.  (kidding kidding)Opened by a team of two cousins, Sweet Peach is located at the intersection of Harford Rd & Taylor Ave in the Giant supermarket shopping center behind the Just Guns.  What made Sweet Peach worth the review above all the other fro-yo spots I've visited? OPTIONS OPTION OPTIONS! The small, narrow store didn't allow much space to back up to get a photo of all the machines but there's 14 out of their 50+ flavors offered at any given time and most of the flavors are nonfat (I only saw three lowfat flavors). And the toppings??? Ohhh the toppings honey! Sweet Peach by far has the best variety of toppings I've seen at ANY fro-yo store. I've seen combinations of SOME of the toppings offered at different stores but not all at one store. Cereals, girl scout cookies, fresh exotic fruits, cookie dough pieces, gourmet nuts, candy bar bits, and POPPING BOBA?? Heavens to Murgatroyd!Sweet Peach (now about two months old now) was in its third week of business when I visited and, although I don't live in the immediate vicinity, I'm only a three minute drive away and didn't see any promotional mailers for this store. Perhaps they wanted to do a soft launch to see how they would handle business? Whatever the reason, I hope they do more advertising in the area so as to attract more customers once Spring hits. Seems like this store is a winner.Note to reader: If you go on valpak.com, you can currently find coupons for Buy one Get one Free, $2 off $10 purchase and $1 off $5 purchase.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/7/2013,145,325,4,6,6>Woodberry Kitchen's emphasis is on "farm-to-table" cuisine.  Of course, that whole concept was in vogue a few years ago and it seemed everybody had to get in on that trend.  However, Woodberry not only is committed to the concept (even much of the alcohol is locally sourced), but does a great job in executing as well.  The atmosphere here also is cozy and inviting.  With all those things in play, it's no wonder why Woodberry is one of Baltimore's most popular restaurants, despite being located in a bit more "out of the way" location than most restaurants in Baltimore.Anyways, I came here on a Wednesday night with a friend to celebrate his getting into med school.  We didn't have reservations but probably should have; the place was packed and happening!  Fortunately, we were able to snag two spots at the bar (no reservations needed there).We were promptly served and given menus to peruse over.  There was a lot on the menu and it all sounded good so it took us a bit to decide.  My friend asked about the pork shoulder dish.  I wish I had recorded the bartender's response and description... it was better than what you hear on the Food Network or read in the NY Times!  (It happened to be the bartender's favorite dish, hence his amazing description lol).  My friend was sold and ordered that.I decided to go with two smaller plates.  I picked the Wood-Roasted Chicken Hearts and the Liberty Delight Beef Tartare.  I guess both dishes aren't for less adventurous diners... but they were really good.The chicken heart was served with polanta (similar to grits), turnip greens, pickled okra and was all covered in a savory sauce.  It was rich (but not overwhelmingly so) and a perfect dish for a cold night.The beef tartare was phenomenal.  It had egg yolk, chile mayonnaise, and miner's lettuce and ramp salad.  It was also served with potato chips.  Beef tartare, in case you aren't aware, is raw beef.  That, served with the raw egg yolk, is like e coli O157:H7(that's the bad one) and salmonella waiting to happen... but even so, it'd be totally worth it.  It was so good--the meat was perfectly seasoned and, combined with the greens and chips, made for  a very nice, balanced dish. While we were waiting for our food, we decided to order some drinks.  Connor, our bartender, was more than happy to answer our questions and recommend drinks.  My friend got the Bee Line, a floral-y and sweet cocktail.  I was debating between the Snake Charmer (solely because it had my favorite apples--Pink Lady--in the drink) or the Knight's Tale, a tequila based drink (I'm not a tequila fan but was intrigued by the cocktail's ingredients).  However, as I asked about the drinks, a thought popped into my mind:"Do you know how to make a Sazerac?"Connor confidently replied, "I know how to make a mean Sazerac!"I went with the Sazerac (my favorite cocktail), and let me tell you, it's the best Sazerac I've had in Baltimore.  As a matter of fact, it ranks right up there with the Sazeracs I've had in New Orleans (its birth-town)...and was even better than some I've had in NOLA.  I was impressed...so much so that I asked for Connor for his name just so I can order Sazeracs whenever he's bartending.  He told me that he takes special pride in the Sazerac as it's a drink that's not too common and is hard to get right.  I'd agree on both counts as well.  But Connor clearly knows how to make a good Sazerac and even explained to another customer at the bar the history and ingredients of the Sazerac (the customer was intrigued with the absinthe that was taken out for the drink).So yeah, if you like an Old Fashioned... give Connor's Sazerac a try.  Overall, it was a great experience with great food and drinks.  Highly recommended.   The food easily hits the four star mark... but I'll bump my rating to a 5 star because of that Sazerac.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/6/2013,75,150,3,5,3>I actually really really like the pizza here!  It's close to Hopkins and it's always a great place to go when you're craving some pizza.My favorites are the bruschetta and the margherita, but be ready for a garlic BOMB!!  The crust is crunchy and just "bready" enough, and the slices are pretty HUGE!  You can also customize your own pizza but it's so much easier to just pick one already made.  They have some other great kinds like chicken parm, eggplant parm, a white pizza, a white primavera pizza, and CALZONES!!  Which I must try one of these days...They always stick the pizza in the oven right after you order it just to re-melt the cheese and make it taste like it's fresh out of the oven, which i think is a nice touch.Lastly, the garlic knots are amazing.  25 cents/garlic knot.... with a price like that it's so easy to eat too many!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/5/2013,46,243,,4,6>So I just had dinner at the Capital Grille, and a pleasant surprise I look up towards the bar area and I see Ed Reed and Reggie Wayne having a meal before they do battle on Sunday, but i digress. I Just got a $50 coupon courtesy of the fine folks at Capital Grille. So i decided to take advantage to do some fine dining with some friends. I had the Delmonico steak, oh boy that is  a huge 22 oz baby, it was seasoned well and tasted great. It could have been better, but the subtle seasoning was just ok. My friends had the fillet mignon and potterhouse delicious as they said. I wasnt able to finish my steak and brought some cheesecake and some leftovers home. The ambiance and service was wonderful. Hopefully, i can get another opportunity to go there again. It is pricy even with the $50 off, but sometimes you have to live a little. Once again Thanks Capital Grille for the complimentary courtesy coupon.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/4/2013,19,157,1,7,3>Went to Granny's for Sunday breakfast just over a week ago.  At first we feared that it had closed, as we hadn't been to the ghost town that is Owings Mills Mall in AGES, and we thought we were following the proper directions from a prior Yelp post (describing it as near the movie theater that is opposite the mall).  We walked as far as the food court from the entrance we used, were resigned that it had gone the way (i.e., AWAY) as oodles of other mall businesses, and were heading back to the car when an angel from heaven guided our path... well, OK, it was a mall custodian, but she told us Granny's was still open and gave us directions nonetheless!  If you're coming from Owings Mills Boulevard keep going around the road until the movie theaters are on the right, then KEEP GOING to the food court entrance that is opposite the condo development.  To the right of the food court entrance you'll see the sign for Granny's, and the entrance is via the food court doors.  If you come from the other direction and the movie theater is on your LEFT, you've passed it!Walking inside the restaurant entrance we were pleasantly surprised to see a nicely designed decor that felt sort of N'awlins-ish.  There was a good crowd, but the place is pretty large and we were able to be seated right away, which is a very good thing considering we had come from somewhere else in Pikesville that had a massive crowd waiting to get in, we then had the misadventure of almost failing to find Granny's, and both get very grumpy when hungry!!!  Granny's features quality southern home cooking, with higher than average prices that are offset by larger than average dish sizes.  Most breakfast selections come with two sides, such as grits, breakfast potatoes, and fried apples.  Tow of the three sides - the grits and apples - were excellently yummy, but the thin-sliced sorta limp taters with sauteed peppers just weren't to our taste.  Adding to the "your tummy is gonna be full well before your mouth wants to stop eating" conundrum is the tasty but not-too-sweet cornbread that you get while waiting for your food to cook.The wifey had the banana nut pancakes, while I had the chicken and waffles, opting for chicken tenders in lieu of the four large wings that are standard to the dish.  Her pancakes were really nicely done, and came with a good but sweet special warm syrup with nuts and some banana slices.  My waffle was really good and the tenders were fine, but in hindsight I wish I'd have gone with the traditional wings and bit the bullet of taking the meat and skin off the wings, so as to achieve that heavenly salty-sweet balance.  Neither of us finished our meals despite game attempts!The coffee was quite good, and tea drinkers get to choose from a decent sized box full of selections.  Service was good overall, being sufficiently attentive.  Unfortunately it also was the main reason that us tough graders gave Granny's four stars instead of five... the wifey ordered a short stack of the pancakes, the waitress brought out a full stack and insisted it was a short stack, but the bill showed otherwise.  Being happy with the food and very thankful to find a quality breakfast place with more than the usual fare, we overlooked it, still gave a generous enough tip, and left satisfied and looking forward to our next visit!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,3/3/2013,21,61,5,5,4>Confession 1: I eat a lot of vegetables. 5 servings a day? I can easily double that in one meal. My biggest pet peeve is overpriced salads composed of wilted iceberg lettuce with a sprinkle of shredded carrots and a dash of soggy veggies- drenched in oil.Confession 2: I like general tso's chicken. Panda Express is tasty. Shameful, I know.  Confessions 1 and 2 are generally immiscible, unless you happen upon a "fast food" style Chinese place with a remarkably corny name. Ignore the name, and Chopstixx can be the best of both worlds. Feeling like a big bowl of hot soup? Try the pho or wonton noodle soup. Want to meet General Tso? Coming right up. Healthy control freak? You can order dishes steamed with brown rice and sauce on the side. Street food craving? There's an entire separate menu dedicated to that. Top of your meal with some bubble tea, and you're good to go. That is... until you see Cindy's Soft Serve around the corner... but that's a whole other story... Is this the best and most authentic? Of course not. But for a cheap and substantial meal that satisfies a myriad of cravings, it sure fits the bill. So go on and indulge your sweet-salty-saucy side and leave the guilty grease bomb feelings at the door. Your secrets are safe with me ;).
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/2/2013,99,112,3,3,3>RA Ra Ra Ra RA, yes I enjoy a fine sushi roll from time to time especially during RA's happy hours or special events. To be honest the prices seem inflated since it's a chain, but the sushi sensei's know what they are doing especially rolling a lot of rice for the crowds that are  rolling in there everyday. Be sure to join the Halfy Club, you get a $20 gift certificate on your half Birthday, and make sure you check in sometimes you can get a free edamame or miso soup. There are plenty of deals that can and can't be rolled together, but it's worth trying. Oh and there are Sushi 101 and 102 classes you can sign up for which are a lot of fun. RA is a happening place to eat and have other options than sushi on the menu. Try the Cucumber Kimchee it's really good and has just enough spiciness to it. Other things to order that are DA BOMB are: Banana Split Maki, RAckin Roll, Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll, Pineapple Wontons, sesame chicken wings.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,3/1/2013,100,100,6,5,7>I felt cooped up in my apartment, so I headed over to Charmington's to do a little work one morning. It's a nice little spot to hang out and grab some coffee. Charmington's has some nice open space and plenty of tables and chairs. The atmosphere is pretty cool too. The exposed brick is nice. There's art on the wall for sale, some made by kids. Free wifi was zippy and reliable. It gets turned off from 11am-2pm to accommodate a larger lunch crowd. I sat at the hightop bar and the chairs were very uncomfortable. I may have the back of a (spry) 97 year old, but I think I'll sit at a table next time. Music was good and appropriately soft. I bobbed my head to 311, Radiohead, and Tears for Fears (Mad World!!!) while I spammed people's email inboxes. My latte ($3.50 for a large) was good, super duper creamy and frothy, and pretty tasty. It wasn't mind blowing though. I also had a chai ginger scone ($3) which was very good. The chunks of candied ginger stole the show, but the chai taste was weak. Next time, I want to try their cheddar jalapeno scone. I'll be back to chill and sip some coffee. I dare say this place is pretty char-- no, I'll hold my tongue. You get the idea.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/28/2013,42,207,3,7,3>A Thai place in Fells/Little Italy makes me so happy and it's even better when the food and service are good!We went there on a quiet Wednesday night - not many people there but it seems like they need to advertise a little or get out a livingsocial deal or something to get the word out that they're open.The space is enormous. It is well decorated - the bar is beautiful and they also have a grill where they serve Thai "street" food such as chicken livers and beef tongues - some of the most innovative things I've seen on a Thai restaurant menu. The bar had some delicious sounding specialty drinks which I'm going to have to go back to try. I got the chicken drunken noodles and asked them to add veggies to it as well. They charged me $3 extra for the veggies which was a bit of a shock since shrimp and scallops were at that price but at $15, the drunken noodles were delicious. Portions are reasonable. Could've been spicier but I guess I could have asked for that. My friend liked his pad thai and my other friend wanted more sauce on her pad see iew. The mango and sticky rice were also solid - it's not really mango season so I don't blame them for the not so sweet mango but the rice was good.The owner and his son came by to say hello as well and were very courteous and nice to talk to. I really hope their business picks up and I'm hoping that having Heavy Seas there is going to get them more visibility. But get the word out and go! We need to keep this Thai gem in the area!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/27/2013,42,12,5,6,5>BAM!!!I mean, that's the only word I can use to describe this place.  Normally I would say something like "there are no words" in this case however, BAM!!! IN YOUR FACE!!!So one faithful night I decided to order up one of the smoked duck pizza's I've been hearing about.  The place where I currently reside already had a menu which I perused before hand.  Here's the deal though, the smoked duck pizza has goat cheese.  I abhor goat cheese, it's pungent and disgusting too me ( I understand there are many others out there that enjoy this horrifying congealed goat milk, whatever...eat it up I don't care.).  So I called up and requested the smoked duck pizza but without goat cheese.  The kind person on the other side of the line inquired what kind of cheese I would like to replace it with.  I advised her that I would like it replaced with whatever would make it awesome.  Turns out what makes it awesome is Aged Asiago Cheese!  WHAAAATTTT!!!!!! amazing!!To continue the story, I walked to this fine establishment on foot to acquire my pizza.  It was a nice enough day out and the stroll was pleasant.  I walked through the door to notice a dining area (probably 4-5 tables and a bar style seating area looking out the window).  The place seems clean with a kind of rustic oldies vibe.  The girl at the counter was smiling and very helpful, answering any and all questions that I had.  The owner also offered us a free taste of this awesome jalapeno cheese muffin about the size of my head which he apparently dresses with coke glazed ham! I also noted that they have a large selection of indie sodas and even make milkshakes ( Which I have subsequently ordered and enjoyed immensely).  The pizza, I mean, well every bite was simply BAMMM!!!!A+Five star awesomeness.p.s. I've been back at least three other times and loved each and every pizza.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,2/26/2013,240,594,18,9,12>Haiku:Back door. 1 AM.Chocolate croissants. Bring cash.Drunk belly happy.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,2/25/2013,175,161,19,18,16>My first issue with doing Happy Hour at the Sidebar Tavern is it's poured-over-the-brim pints. My second issue with doing Happy Hour at the Sidebar Tavern is it's relaxed atmosphere. My third issue with doing Happy Hour at the Sidebar Tavern is it's mere 5 minute walk from the office. Popping in any Mon-Thurs at 4pm for needed post-work unwinding's easy. (I've opted out of Friday's HH karaoke.) Miraculous mixology? Ha! Old-style Bawlmer booze slingin'? Straight up. Dusty shelves showcase Stoli, Ketel One, Beam, SoCo, Maker's Mark, and the Jägermonster. Three taps. One has Natty Boh a-flow. I did Fat Tire ($3.75) and Guinness ($4.25). Sadly, radically raucous bands gig here after my bedtime. I won't see those lively shenanigans. But my imbibing amid an offbeat mix of prerecorded punk, reggae, and Motown made things lively enough for us sparse late day pub patrons. I assume more stools fill after 5pm. The bar's ambiance makes me think: Mount Royal Tavern's spunkier Jello Biafra t-shirt wearing cousin with a puckish John Lydon sneer. (But with Friday karaoke.) My overall issue with doing Happy Hour at the Sidebar Tavern is it has the cozy, easygoing, seriously sans frills ingredients I sometimes need in a HH to potentially make this sidebar a main attraction. (Just don't look for me during Friday's karaoke.)
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,2/24/2013,119,457,2,10,1>Love this place. The Pikesville location is closer to my house, but this location is 2 minutes from my work. Usually weekly, I pick up half a dozen bagels. This time I bought them right before work so I picked up some of their cream cheese as well. The cream cheese is kinda pricey, and slightly more bland than say, Philadelphia Cream Cheese. It was still good though. I got the plain but they also had veggie and cream cheese and lox. The bagels were good as always, and as always the salt bagels are the best.There's a lot of seating, and it's much more open and bright looking than the Pikesville location. The employees also seemed friendlier (aka I didn't get any weird looks for not being Jewish) and there were less other people to deal with. Good, quick breakfast or lunch spot.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,2/23/2013,33,70,2,3,6>Location:Fells Point, so a great place for foodies looking to eat after bar hopping all night.  But, it's a small, hole-in-the-wall place, so may easily pass it.Atmosphere:There IS no atmosphere.  A walk-up counter.  Menu on the wall written in colored chalk.  A counter-height bar against the window with about 4 stools.  This is definitely a "take your food to go and eat it on the way" place.Service:The woman who took my order was very nice.  The crew was laughing and making jokes, so they seemed like they were having a good time.Food:Now, THIS is why I came.  I was next door at Willow for an event and one of the guests at the event was telling me about the "Crab Mac & Cheese Hot Dog".  I was like, "Crabmeat on a hot dog?  For $8?  Yeah, I'll pass!"  But, she kept ranting and raving about this hot dog.  So, after the event, I came here, order the "Crab Mac & Cheese Hot Dog", paid my $8 + tax with my debit card (YES!  This place takes credit cards...and there's NO MINIMUM required), and anxiously awaited my hot dog.  Boy, was I glad I stopped here!!!  An interesting concept...and a delicious concept!  An all-beef hot dog, grilled and split down the middle.  Then, top it with mac & cheese and crab meat sprinkled with Old Bay, and there you go!!!  The Old Bay is just enough salt and spice to add to the hot dog.  There's so much crab meat piled on top, you can't see the hot dog.  Biting into it, mac & cheese and crab meat spills out from over the bun, which is a tasty treat to eat after you've finished the hot dog and still want more!So, wat's stopping me from giving it 5 stars?  The mac & cheese reminded me of Kraft mac & cheese from a box, so it wasn't homemade.  :-(
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,2/22/2013,33,125,3,8,7>I came here to bide some time between apartment hunting appointments. I went hunting for change in my wallet when I parked outside and someone came out with some change for the meter. I didn't use theirs; I had just found a quarter, but that was a wonderful introduction to the place. Everybody I encountered was sweet - even if the experience had been lukewarm I knew I would come back for that.I had tea both times, which came with its own little container of honey on a saucer. The food was delicious and super affordable. I had the portobello sandwich with mozzarella. It's served on toasted, crunchy bread, hot and succulent. The side veggies were loaded with pieces of pepper, carrot, and cabbage. Good just as they were, even without additional salt and pepper. Yum.I love the walls and the ceiling of clouds with its silver medallion and chandelier. There's art and photography on the walls, which is how it should be with a cafe. You can do carryout through the counter or sit.Ultimately, I'm sad I didn't end up renting the space just down the street - walking distance to Terra would be fantastic! Definitely worth checking out for lunch one day.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/21/2013,21,55,4,8,9>For some reason Baltimore has the oddest little side-street joints that serve up ridiculous food. This was one of the best dogs I've ever had and by far the most unique; who thinks to combine a hot dog with peaches and apricots? It's insane, but It's AMAZING! So today I decided to be adventurous and get the duck dog with a peach-apricot compote. First, I love the way they do the roll here. It's a sub roll with a toasted hole that acts as a delicious sheath for the dog, it's genius. Also, they always do a great job of coming up with odd combinations of stuff (chef-dogs) which always makes coming here a pleasant surprise. So anyways, long story short, the hot dog..excuse me...DUCK dog was great. Lots of flavor and it paired so well with the sauce and the toasted bun. It was perfect. By the way, I overheard the owner, who is very nice, saying that he's catering a party soon. Now my Dad and I know who's going to cater our family party!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,2/20/2013,39,123,,5,3>I work in the Kingsville area and the lunch/dining options are truly limited. While there is an abundance of crap Italian food in the area, it is nice to see that a place like Sunshine Grill is doing food justice. The menu is comparable to a diner without the diner ambience or atmosphere. There is everything from breakfast, hearty sandwiches, American style platters as well as Greek classics. After sampling a bunch of items on the menu I can confidently say that almost everything is very delicious. The falafel salad is a wonderful vegetarian and healthy lunch option. The beef and turkey platters with mash potatoes and gravy are a great hearty option on a cold day. My favorite item on the menu is the hot rueben sandwich. A massive classic sandwich on toasty, doughy pumpernickel swirl bread. So delicious!As you walk in there is also a large class display case which features the many homemade cakes/desserts offered at Sunshine. I don't really have a sweet tooth so I personally haven't tried the cakes but they always look very appetizing! The staff is also very friendly and dining in is always a pleasurable experience. The restaurant gets very mobbed at times, but that figures as this is truly one of the only good places to eat in the area.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,2/19/2013,21,133,2,5,2>Living in Mount Vernon, there's a huge number of Indian places to try.  If that weren't the case I might give Indigma 4 stars, but I think they earned the 5th by virtue of being just a little bit better overall that Akbar, Kumari, Mughal Garden, etc.Indigma edges these guys out on all fronts: decor/atmosphere, food quality, variety, and service.  On top of that, their take-out lunch buffet is $5 per pound.  That's an insanely good deal no matter how you slice it.I think the best strategy with Indigma is trying to go outside of your comfort zone.  They offer more adventurous dishes, so it's kind of a shame to go there just to have whatever staple dish you're always used to.  You'll be rewarded in a big way for trying something new here!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/18/2013,133,198,1,7,6>This has become my new go to spot for some breakfast munchies. They have an enormous menu of anything that you could want and they have scrapple. What else could you want? OK, how about the price of your meal. If you blew your load the night before at the bar and only have a 10 spot left in your wallet, you could eat like a king here, no problem. I am a big fan of the turkey omelet. This thing is packed with turkey sausage, turkey bacon, and cheese with a side of hash browns and toast. Bam! Get that with a coffee and you are still under 10 bucks! To add to it, the girls that work there are quite cheerful and love making jokes. So you get a great breakfast and entertainment. Perfect way to start the morning in my opinion.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,2/17/2013,60,102,,5,4>Wow! This place was really good. I went there on a Friday evening and got it to go. The place itself is not that big inside, but the atmosphere is both welcoming and traditional. The smell alone when you walk in, makes yourt mouth water! I ordered the flank steak large bowl, and a side of vegetable spring rolls. The soup was pretty epic, but the rolls were just ok. The peanut dipping sauce was really good though. Like I said I took it to go and they made sure that I had everything in the bag that i would need to make the meal at my home. It was a nice little kit and everything was warm and fresh.The prices are very reasonable as well. Just over 11 bucks for all that food, you cant really beat that at all. Plus it is only about 3 minutes from my home, so yeah will be heading back for some more often!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,2/16/2013,52,168,9,5,6>We have dubbed this the 'yuppie market'. If you have the need to crowd watch middle aged housewives sipping expensive coffee in their yoga clothes (which have never been used for yoga), or the young stockbroker impressing his new girlfriend with his knowledge of artisan breads, then this is totally your spot for all the wrong reasons.Seriously, this is one of Baltimore's great spots, and an anchor of the north Baltimore scene. Inside the market you'll find fresh produce, wonderful seafood, some of the best true Italian meats, amazing soups, and the aforementioned artisan bread. The shops surrounding the market are boutique and boast a wide variety of wares. Friday nights during the season feature free concerts and a great neighborhood vibe.And please, don't go to Planet Produce and get the fresh squeezed blood orange juice, or the fresh squeezed tangerine for that matter. It's wonderful and delicious and I don't want them to run out before I get there again!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,2/15/2013,33,90,2,7,2>Fam was in town for the weekend and wanted to do something fun and unique...this definitely fit the bill!  I rented a boat for a few hours from their Baltimore City (Harbor East) location and the whole process was pretty painless.  Hourly rates posted on their website are a bit steep but definitely try to look for deals and/or negotiate, as I'm sure these boats are sitting idle for most of the time.  Boats are pretty good size (16-20ish feet I think) with enough room for 10 adults to fit comfortably.  They have ice chests, fridge (although it only works when boat is plugged in, so best bet is to pack a cooler), stereo with Ipod hookup, and an "emergency" head for your guests with small bladders.  Even if you've never boated before, don't fret - they can issue you a temporary license waiver and all you have to do is read through a few pages of boating guidelines.  Plus, they drive the boat in/out of the little pier area, so you don't need to worry about parking skills.  Once you're out on the water, these boats really are idiot-proof.Overall, we all had a really nice time out on in the harbor.  The boats are electric, so you're not gonna be doing any drag racing (they max out at like 6-7mph), but they're a great way to spend a lazy day out on the water with friends and family.  In our 3+ hours on the boat, we basically made two big circuits around the perimeter Harbor and down to Ft. McHenry, passing Fells, Canton, the Fort, Fed Hill, Inner Harbor and Harbor East.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,2/14/2013,93,214,2,3,3>This place has a fantastic wine list and the cocktails are very creative. The Sherwood Garden cocktail was delish - Grey Goose Vodka, St. Germaine, Lillet, Fresh Basil & a dash of Lemon. There were so many great choices on the menu - I will need a few visits so I can try them all!!!The contemporary decor and beautiful lighting is very cool. I also enjoyed people watching - people clearly come here to look cool with wine in their hands. Pinkie's out!!!!Some friends have complained that the servers are too snooty, and I found them to be only slightly pretentious with just a slight hint of snoot. The attitude didn't bother me that much. I am looking forward to another visit soon. This is a perfect date night spot.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/13/2013,17,163,1,3,3>Max's is a great bar and everybody knows it. This unfortunately leads to it always being packed wall to wall (and it's a pretty large bar too). However, when you do happen to get there at the right time to snag a seat, or better yet grab a table upstairs, it's a great spot to spend the bulk of your night out. Lots of beers on tap including local favorite Resurrection. They periodically have beer festivals. We went to the German Beer Fest a few years ago and they had a great selection of imports on draft. A lot of fun, keep your eye on the upcoming events.Update: Last time we went on a Saturday afternoon it was packed as usual, but we ventured in further and discovered they had expanded the lower floor and added a second bar downstairs. It was like being in a different bar all together with the same great beer selection. Much calmer and nicer if you enjoy having a conversation.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,2/12/2013,46,133,2,4,3>My love for this place can be summed up in one slurred word, whishkkey. They have a bunch, and it's good, and I like that.They have a pretty sweet selection of scotch, Irish and Canadian whiskey, and my personal favorite, bourbon. It's dimly lit, there are usually pretty cool folks to talk to (thanks for the beer Painters union guy), and the staff seem decent enough. They also tend to have some pretty decent beers on tap (last time I was in they have Delirium Tremens).
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,2/11/2013,35,321,3,3,1>New restaurant in the Loews Hotel. Modern and comfortable design.The service was excellent and we liked the menu design because you can order small plates and try an assortment or you can go with the salad/entree routine.The wine and beer list is adequate with a few over priced selections. I do not like getting served small postions of wine in a glass without a stem. I do not like small portions in a glass with a stem either.We started with the lobster sliders and split a salad. Salads are big so you can easily share. We followed up with a pizza which was outstanding. The rolls and butter/olive oil are addicting. Nice establishment and above average for a hotel dinning choice. Free Valet parking when you have your claim check validated in the restaurant.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,2/10/2013,154,580,4,4,3>In all the years that I have lived I finally made it down here for a drink!  You can't get much better than this for a neighborhood bar.  Weds night is a packed night because all of the sailing people are there.  If there was room to eat outside we would have gone for it! But at 1900, we were looking at a first available table and it landed us inside. I love the dank and homey feel of this bar.  You can't get much better than this for your neighborhood watering hole.  It's away from the Downtown craziness, so there aren't that many tourists here (unless I bring them).   But it is a good place to go if you want to get a good feel for where the locals go. The crab pretzel is probably a heart attack waiting to happen.  Its really rich and greasy.  In fact, almost all of the bar food here is fried.  Their salads look pretty good, but who comes to a pub for salads??  So being a fatty it is!I opted for the Reuben sandwich.  it was excellent! I only ate half of it because one half was plenty.  It made for great left overs the next day.  although it was all bar food, it all looked excellent.  This is a great place to end up after a night of bar crawling in Annapolis.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,2/9/2013,76,88,7,9,4>Warning: VERY thorough review. TL;DR version:Mutiny is my favorite place freaking ever. Try it. Get the shipwreck burger (and a heart attack). The beer is cheap. Unfortunately, the place can be crowded too. They also have great specials and desserts.Long version:Go here. Truly. I love it. Yes, it does have its faults at times, but I don't care. I love it anyway. "But why the five star review when it's flawed?" you say? In my opinion, I can overlook anything that was ever wrong with Mutiny. That's how much I love it..... Which is getting dangerously close to how I feel about my wife...Here are the issues that I've seen: It's small and popular. This can be a recipe for a crowded table. Service is at times a little slow, but not to the point of wanting to walk out slow.Every once in a while some of the sandwiches, particularly the pulled pork, are a bit soggy.The crabby fries and Maryland crab soup are salty.The menu is not vegetarian friendly (If you're into that kind of thing)Now forget that entire list. Here's the first thing that got me: The shipwreck burger. It's essentially a heart attack on a grilled bacon and cheese. By that I mean it's a burger that is ground in house, topped with a fried egg, onion rings, and rum bbq sauce Here's the kicker: they use two grilled bacon and cheese sandwiches as a bun. Truly amazing and sickening at the same time. I've eaten it twice. And I hate myself for it.The rest of the sandwiches are awesome as well. Yes, the occasional too juicy pulled pork or shredded short rib sandwich (which has a fried egg on top) isn't the best, but even soggy it's pretty damn good. They're huge and really pretty reasonably priced for the quality of food. I'd say the food is much better than DuClaw but cheaper... Hopefully you're familiar with DuClaw.Two: They have the cheapest beer.... anywhere. Unless you're going to a happy hour, you can't find good beer (Flying Dog) for 4.50. That's a 20 oz. Everywhere else I've ever been, micro brew is $6+. Three: More than 115 kinds of rum and a passport-based rum club that rewards you for drinking. That's my kind of ship!Four: All of their desserts are made in house every day. And they're some of the best I've had. They have specials all week, which are usually amazing, but if you're not on their mailing list you sometimes have to ask about them. It depends on your server. There is a food challenge every Tuesday. It's massive and probably has more calories than you should eat in two days, but if you're doing a food challenge, why would you care?Wednesdays are trivia nights, starting at 7. Your warning: it gets super crowded. Seriously. That said, their prizes are pretty much straight alcohol. A round of rum for your entire team if you win a round. They did 8 rounds when I played. Mutiny my favorite place regardless of flaw, and I've suckered... I mean invited... several of my friends here. All of whom are now regulars and members of the rum club. It's worth a try. Mutiny is the last place I need within a ten minute drive to my house. Goodbye retirement savings...
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/8/2013,76,346,1,16,2>So here's the short of it:  it's a well-appointed, new, and shiny Mexican restaurant in Odenton.  The food is good, the ambiance is nice, and their salsa is spicy.It appears to be part of the Los Portales / Plaza Garibaldi / Mi Casita family -- the menu is identical as far as I can tell.  If you're local, this should give you a pretty good idea of what to expect.Don't let the "Authentic Mexican Food" lead you on you though - this is not Tijuana Tacos IV or R&R Taqueria.  This is solid, Americanized Mexican food, with one or two more traditional things snuck in there like Tacos Al Pastor (grilled marinated pork; very good), pozole, and chilaquiles.  On our first visit, my wife had the burrito al pastor (as mentioned) while I had the enchiladas rojas.  This was a trio of ground beef, shredded chicken, and cheese enchiladas in corn tortillas with red sauce.  It was enjoyable.  The older rug monkey had a chicken taco with fries and proclaimed it the "best taco he's ever had" while the junior primate had the chicken nuggets.  Of course.It's direct competition for Pachanga Grill, but the two offer distinct flavors and menus, so it's a good idea to try both and see which you prefer.I'm sure we'll be back.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/7/2013,52,67,4,8,4>Pork Pot- This dish was delicious.  It's basically Sweet and Sour Pork on steroids.  Everything about this dish is great.  The sauce they put on the pork had a good consistency of sweet and saltiness.Crispy beef- The crispiest beef I ever had.  The most I like about this dish is the beef immediately melts in your mouth. (Don't ask how, it just does)Singapore Noodles - Very typical.  Not spicy at all.  The shrimps were a good add to this dishChinese Broccoli - Very typical as well.  I asked them to substitute garlic sauce instead of oyster sauce.  Trust me, it's better that way.The service was great, but very slow on refilling our water.  There is nothing special about the atmosphere.  Just go there for the food.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/6/2013,178,175,3,5,3>In the age of the disappearing unlimited mimosa brunch,  Grille 700 still stands.With it's scenic view of Pier 5 and 6 in Baltimore's Inner Harbor, Grille 700 provides standard brunch fare for those who seek it.Boasting fresh made omelets and waffles, this buffet made my inner fat girl giggle. Of course the buffet comes with the standards: bacon, eggs, sausages potatoes, cereal, yogurt and bagels.  It also flaunts: fresh lump crab cake, jumbo cocktail shrimp and cracked alaskan crab claws just to name a few. (I'm not sure if they switch up the featured dishes but, I'm sure you can call ahead and get the menu.)In addition to unlimited Mimosas or champagne, they do the MD Bloody Mary justice.  My recommendation, try it spicy!For the price of 24.95 you cannot beat the service, food or atmosphere. One downside is parking.  Because it is housed in Harbor East, street parking is pretty touch and go.  There is however a parking garage located very close. *cheers*
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/5/2013,80,198,3,4,4>Coal fire a must must try for HH and or Pizza!So let me start by saying I have only been to the bar section of Coal fire, but I have had plenty of their pizza!When you first walk in there are two sections the first door is for the bar the second is for the restaurant part, I normally choose the bar lol The bar area is pretty small only about 5-6 seats at the bar and 4-5 tables. Therefore if you are going for HH I would suggest getting there early (HH is from 4-6 I think) Lets say you get in and find a nice spot to settle down. If you have come for happy hour you can see there HH specials right on their drink menu. They offer a decent wine and beer selection for pretty cheap prices. So bottoms up ladies and gents... plus the service is quick, attentive and friendly. So you wont be stuck on that first class of wine, the bartenders def keep it the drinks coming,no sitting around waiting at this place!! Once you get your drink you start looking over the pizzas, oh man the pizzas. They offer a great HH pizza rate (half off I think). I am not sure what Coal Fire does to there pizzas but each one comes out crispy, but slightly charred on the edges. This char gives it a really nice wood fired taste that really adds to the overall flavor! Ok, on to the sauce, yum yum yum... my two favorite sauces are the regular, which is very tasty and almost slightly sweet, and the spicy sauce, which is actually spicy and offers great spice to taste balance. Both sauces will make you order a second pie! Believe me they do! :) :) My fav. pizza is their spicy sauce with their wheat crust, a spicy but yet crispy slice of pizza! What more can one ask for in a pizza that is half priced!!Overall Coal fire is awesome! Great HH prices and their is food killer! A must try if you like Pizza and want something different from the normal, NY Style pie. My only knock against them is their regular prices are a little on the high side, but then again you are in Columbia and down the street from Victoria's Gastro Pub (another great food and drink place) So order that second round of drinks and hold on to your hats... this is gonna be a spicy ride!!Cheers Mates!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,2/4/2013,197,128,8,6,4>So, I've been eating a lot of pizza lately. Not entirely sure why. Perhaps it's my subconscious' way of telling me I should be "Jabba the Hut" for Halloween. Or hell, "Pizza the Hut" for that matter. Not sure if that's what the girls had in mind when they suggested "Star Wars Characters" as this year's group theme. They'll be inside scampering around in Princess Leia loincloths and sluttified Amidala costumes; I'll be sitting outside, propped against a wall, devouring a large pepperoni pizza from Matthews. And I bet you'll erroneously pity the wrong girl. Little did you know, Matthew's pizza trumps boys and free cocktails any night. It is just that good.Keep in mind, we're talking full-on deep dish here. This stuff is serious. One small 8-inch pie could easily feed two, unless you're ravenous, in which case you better get one each. No need for bloodshed over the last slice. I've seen it happen. And by seen it, I mean that I in no way have EVER started a rumble over a piece of pizza pie. Ever.Best sauce, best cheese, best crunchy-yet-moist crust around. This is hands-down the best deep-dish pizza I've ever had. Now, go forth and pizza yourself.--------------------------------------------------­-----------------------NOTE: Tis' a far, far better thing to pick-up than dine in. The wait is at least 25 minutes per order, so call er' in and take er' out.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/3/2013,31,213,4,4,3>This place was a lifesaver one weekend. It was my wife's birthday and I wanted to find her a nice arrangement to have for her when she came home. The problem was I was busy running errands all over the place so I had to find someplace that was nearby wherever I was. I looked up florists where I was and stopped on in......boy was I glad I did! The staff were very helpful, worked fast to put everything together, and created a beautiful arrangement just as I asked. Even while I was trying to wrangle my 1-year old son, the staff had no problem helping out (even holding him while I looked around and paid). Friendly staff? Quick service? Good prices? YES!If I happen to be in the area again, I will definitely be using them... and hopefully this time it won't be because I forgot my wife's birthday.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/2/2013,183,700,6,8,5>Can I just give Di Pasquale's 5 stars and call it a day?? Hands down, this is my favorite Italian place in Baltimore. It puts the restaurants in Little Italy to shame! Authentic Italian dishes, affordable prices, and great-looking waitresses. What else can you ask for?All of their pasta entrees are absolutely amazing. The eggplant lasagna, pepperoni and sausage calzoni, and the chicken and spinach cannelloni are my favorites. The pizza (yes, genuinely brick oven baked) is also to die for. Also, you know this place is great when you can even make the staple Italian foods (baked zita, spaghetti, etc.) deliciously unforgettable.This is more than highly recommended... It would be a crime to not like Di Pasquale's.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,2/1/2013,71,270,3,4,5>I thought for a while about what I wanted my 100th review to be, but after getting carryout from my childhood favorite pizza place, and finding it to be just as awesome as ever, my choice was clear. I haven't tried much of the Tonino's menu-- just the pizzas and Greek salad, and that's what I love. It's tough to decide between a regular tomato/cheese pizza and a white pizza, because they are both awesome--but what really cements this as my favorite pizza is the crust. I am notorious for leaving the crust on the plate, but not at Toninos! Bonus: this pizza is fantastic the next day and doesn't dry out like a lot of second-day pie. The house dressing is officially my favorite dressing in the world. My dad has tried unsuccessfully to replicate it over the years, to no avail. It is the perfect topping to the Greek salad which comes topped with a generous blanket of crumbly feta- not big blocks like other places. I've been eating this pizza for about 20 years, and am happy to report that its as good as ever. Delivery was quick- even during a Ravens game on a Sunday. If you're in Reisterstown or nearby, definitely stop at Toninos for a delicious, quality meal.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/31/2013,16,94,,7,5>I've held off on writing a review for this place because I've only done takeout for the past 4 months - and in full disclosure, since we've found this place, we've done takeout almost every single Friday night for the past 4 months. It's that good.Alas, I finally went inside last night. Ok, the decor leaves a bit to be desired. It's a hole in the wall: the furniture doesn't match, the servers' English isn't great, and the food is not "Mexican". But the food is AMAZING. I've spent some time in Mexico and Peru, and this place is legitimately doing real Central American food. If you're expecting a burrito with lots of Velveeta this is not your place. They make real mole sauce from 20 ingredients (including over 5 different peppers). Their Enchiladas with mole sauce is probably my favorite dish so far - but I've been impressed with everything I've had. Nothing has been just simply mediocre.  Even the drinks are real, there's no "mixologist" on staff, it's just what people drink in Central America. Margaritas here aren't sweet, because they're not made from a mix...they have real citrus juices. Pisco Sours are their favorite. Locals are drinking Micheladas: tomato juice and corona.Then, we met the owner, Walter, last night. And he makes me want to come here even more frequently that we already do. He has a passionate and sincere interest in the quality of his food, having the attentive staff, and creating a cohesiveness between Latinos and other cultures in Annapolis. His passion for all things good is infectious.Look soon for the beer garden/tiki bar to be opening around March.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,1/30/2013,27,113,2,9,2>Beneath the roar of the Jones Falls Expressway and beside the burbling waters of the actual Jones Falls, another piece of Baltimore's industrial past, a 19th Century mill building,  has been re-purposed for the 21st Century as Birroteca, a modern Italian restaurant disguised as a craft beer/pizza place. And while the bar is a fun place for craft beers and pizza, full of interesting people to chat with, the restaurant's real appeal is its modern Italian cooking.The food is quite good. Really enjoyed the charcuterie. Duck Duck Goose Pizza is a fave. Wild Boar Bolognese a treat. Portions are large to encourage sharing. Specials for two rotate on a daily basis. The menu is like one you'd find in a good restaurant in Rome today. The best thing about this place is how friendly everyone is. Not just the attentive staff but everybody who's eating there too. We've been 3 times and each time we made friends with the tables nearby. The owner Robbin Haas stopped by to visit with us a couple of times and made us feel even more welcome. A great addition to the Woodberry/Clipper Mill area.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/29/2013,42,42,,7,2>I recently had my wedding reception at the Hotel Monaco and I have nothing but praise for the facility, the event managers and the staff. Before I get into the many details, and there are many, I just want to quickly say: Get married there! OK, now the details (when I was researching hotels I couldn't find a lot of info so I want to make sure my review is comprehensive):We wanted a casual, but elegant reception for about 70 people - this hotel is perfect for such an event but can also comfortably host larger events as well. We went with the "Bliss" menu/package which gave us 6 passed appetizers during the cocktail hour and they were all fabulous. The food is catered by the B&O Brasserie restaurant downstairs so it's delicious and cool. The seated dinner options are all fabulous, seriously, we didn't know what to order for ourselves because they were all so good. The house wines are surprisingly drinkable and we were able to customize our beer selection to feature local brews. A word of caution: when you go for your tasting you will be served full sized entrees (they don't mess around with samples) so come hungry! The cake is provided through their partner/vendor Sugarbakers. When we first tried the samples we weren't overly impressed - I think the cake samples were a bit stale. But the cake - the day of - was awesome! We had a three-tiered cake with different flavors: carrot cake, dulce de leche and chocolate with ganache filling. Awesome! Even a few days after the event the cake was still moist and delicious. I think best of all, the staff at the Hotel Monaco is professional, attentive, helpful and understanding. Every single person we came in contact with provided us with a high level of service and we can't thank them enough for helping us pull off a very successful, stress-free event! Oh, and the price is totally reasonable and probably less than most places while providing better services. It's an easy, all-inclusive option and I highly recommend them to anyone looking to get married or host an event.Thanks Hotel Monaco!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,1/28/2013,35,123,,8,3>Wow, I'm in love.I just moved to the area a couple months ago and finding a new hair salon was a chore I was NOT looking forward to.  I even considered driving back to VA and going to my old stylist, just to be safe.  But alas, a friend of mine recommended Tenpachi and bonus, she said they were cheap!  So in an effort to save money for the holiday season I braved the new salon...so glad I did!I was able to make an appointment online - so much easier than calling and went in last night to see Courtney.  I planned to get a decent amount of length taken off my hair, so I brought a couple pictures in that I was considering.  Courtney reviewed the pictures with me and we decided on a game plan.  The cut came out AMAZING - seriously just like my picture and one of the best haircuts I've had.  And here's the best part....wait for it...$13.  Yeah, I'm not kidding.  Now one thing to note, the BLOWDRY is not typically included in haircuts here, but you can add that on if you prefer, just something to note when scheduling your appointment.  I wasn't aware of this and her next appointment had not yet arrived, so she went ahead and did that for me, but a nice to know for the future!I definitely recommend Tenpachi and Courtney - I'll be back!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/27/2013,67,45,,8,5>It's been several years and Samos is still my number one choice when it comes to Greek Food.  There's just something so authentic about Samos flavors that brings you to a world of traditional Greek culinary expertise that not a lot of places around Charm City can compete with.  I know I'm not 100%  Greek, but I have dined with several hard core Greek folks and they all love Samos as well.  Here's my favorite choices for appetizer get the sizzling grilled Octopodi marinated in olive oil and garlic. The  Domades, Grape Leaves stuffed with beef, and herbs is to die for with just the right amount of lemon-dill sauce and served with some freshly made Tzatziki is also a great appetizer.  Main course make sure you come hungry for the Pekilia Platter.  You get a huge plate of souvlaki stick, gyro, spanakopita, dolmades, oven roasted potatoes, and tzatziki the best mix you can get if you want to taste it all.  I also love the grilled New Zealand Lamb chops perfectly seasoned and marinated.  Desert I always go for Baklava or Galaktoboureko a rich cream custard, wrapped in filo dough and baked crispy, topped with cinnamon and honey.  If that's not enough to entice you how about BYOB (bring your own wine or beer).  I love BYOB places it only means you get to bring your favorite bottle without paying high price for it.  Sail away to the Greek Isles, never mind just get in to your car and drive to Greek Town where Samos awaits to satisfy your Eastern Aegean Sea cravings.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,1/26/2013,139,351,2,5,4>Long story short, this place is authentic and awesome.It's totally in a sketch area off of the main drag, but don't let it fool you.It's a little pricey, but it's worth every penny. You get the flavours, the service and the experience- and that's definitely worth it.I would highly recommend the noodle bowl with beef and green onions. I can't remember the name, but it hit the spot! The dumplings dish was ginormous and saucy, but it still satisfied (maybe a little less sauce would have been nice). I loved the multiple sides that came with the meal as well. Beware, weak stomachs. There are cooked shrimp heads in one of those side dishes. Or maybe they're something else. I honestly don't know, but they have little eyes... I ate them anyways- they're salty, crunchy and have a hint of BBQ to them! Not too bad for something out of my comfort zone.Be adventurous and enjoy what Baltimore has to offer.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,1/25/2013,747,595,4,11,5>Their selection of beer is what brought me here, though its a limited tap their options are some of the highest rated beers and priced average for a beer bar. Their bottle list is 10 times the size, just as their mixed drink menu is but their also 10 times the price however. Victoria's Gastro Pub offers a wide selection of food options. I tried their wagyu burger, though I was slightly disappointed that the chef cooked the burger well, though I asked for it rare, in some ways the burger might have been impossible to eat rare but it was still good. Something about pickle aioli, cheese, onions that strangely blend perfectly to the burger.  YOU MUST OPT FOR THEIR duck fat fries, everyone says this, they're that GOOD! Sitting outside on the patio is nice, though the surroundings are a office building, and a road it's still slightly scenic. Inside is a little over the top and reminds me of a saloon, and a place where a tee shirt and jeans is somewhat under dressed.4-stars good restaurant.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/24/2013,113,165,,7,5>FINALLY made it to Elkridge Furnace Inn using a Living Social deal I purchased a while back and we decided to go for brunch.  They serve brunch only on Sundays starting at 10am and I made a reservation for 10:30.  It was a little weird when we arrived because it was completely empty and they couldn't find our reservation even though I had received a confirmation through Open Table.  Anyways, it wasn't a problem and we were seated quickly.  The brunch is $26.95 a person and includes juice, tea or coffee, an appetizer, an entree, and sides.  There is no a la carte breakfast option.  First you receive a basket of baked goods and this really blew us away and made us excited for the rest of the meal to come!  There was an incredible warm chocolate crossaint that was on par with the many that we consumed on vacation in Italy and a delicious warm raspberry scone.  SO good!We both chose french toast as our appetizer, but we wanted to have it after our entrees as "dessert" and our waiter was happy to accomodate that.  My entree consisted of an amazing homemade biscuit, a huge portion of fluffy awesome scrambled eggs, house made sausage AKA the best sausage I have ever tasted, and diced potaoes with peppers and onions.  My husband had a huge omlette, which he loved, creamy scalloped potatoes, and center cut bacon.  He loved his meal too.  We were only able to eat about half as we wanted to save room for our french toast so our waiter was happy to box up our meals.  The french toast was delicious as well and luckily, it was a pretty small portion, which was a perfect way to end our meal.The service was excellent and eventually some of the tables around us filled up so it wasn't as quiet compared to when we first arrived.  With the Living Social deal, we only had to pay a few dollars of tax and tip (we paid $25 for $50 credit).  If there is another deal like this, I will definitely take advantage.  If not, I would still come back for the $27 brunch for a special occasion.  You get a ton of food, great service, and a nice atmosphere.  A lot of breakfast buffets are in this price range, but you won't get the attention to detail or quality of food that you get at Elkridge.  I need to go back and try dinner now!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/23/2013,49,114,2,2,2>My significant other and I came here for my birthday dinner and had a divine vegetarian feast. Mezze is in a beautiful brick building in Fell's, and the tables are split between two upstairs dining rooms and a downstairs bar/open kitchen area.  We got 5 dishes plus dessert, which was more than enough to leave stuffed. Our favorites were the lima beans, which the server recommended (who'da thunk?), the spinach pie, and the hummus. The lima beans are served in a tomato sauce and just melt in your mouth - perfect if you sprinkle some feta on top. I don't even like feta normally, but I was eating it by the spoonful at Mezze. We got the rice pudding for dessert, on yelp's recommendations - YUM. The server was helpful and attentive. The only things that make me hesitate to dole out 5 stars are 1) I've only been here once, and 2) While the valet is reasonably priced for customers and I like that you can add the valet charge directly to your bill, when we asked our server to do so, I guess she forget, which caused some confusion when we went to get our car. We'll be sure to double-check the bill next time. It would be fun to come back with a friend for wine and mezze at the bar - next time!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,1/22/2013,131,146,5,5,4>Well, yall I guess its time to review one of my private joys: Francesca's Bridal. As a young bride  I was accustomed to great shopping experiences, notably in my favorIte Georgetown. I expected such a wonderful gown shopping experience, and I pretty much got that at every shop. Ladies, if you expect the best you shall attract the best!  ;)Vera Wang down in Friendship Heights/Bethesda had just opened (i believe), Hitched had recently opened, Carine's was not open then, Betsy's Bridal was flourishing (i think) and Francesca's was enticingly open. I tried them and more. Yes, I took it all in!! lol. And what I found, was....everyone was nice. Everyone was accomodating. Everyone was....delightful. So what is the differentiator (yes i'm making up words as usual)? Well as you will find in your marriage to come, its less about the world outside of you, and more about your personal growth. You simply want a partner (consultant) that will give you space to find yourself, express yourself, and be ok with yourself long enough for you to be open to that unforgettable moment when you fall in love with your wedding gown. Jeri, my consultant at FB was all that for me. I hadn't learned about the rule of having your shoes before your dress. She provided shoes for me. She listened to all my worries. She let me browse and choose various gowns. BTW when you walk in the salon is like a boutique. Intimate, glamorous, classy. The fitting rooms are a bit tight but certainly spacious comparative to other boutiques. Jeri saw that I was still unsure of myself when I tried on what turned out to be my dress. It was a tearful moment, when she put on a veil, and dimmed the lights. My dress completely sparkled on its own. I looked like I stepped out of the stars into a moment of self realization. sniffle sniffle. In a culture of Say Yes to the Dress, many want the Kleinfeld experience. Well to get the true one on one highly intelligent experience that is portrayed in that show, you have got to go to Francesca's and see if you find yourself there! Jeri was my angel, maybe she'll be yours too. ;)Thank you FB. After five years July 7, 2007, I continue to have lovely memories of you, and one day I'll pull out the dress and be able to fit it again. Dang kids...lolj/k totally my fault i'm not fitting the dress. LOL
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,1/21/2013,219,293,10,12,11>I love meats. And usually only meats. But going to David's and eating their Portobello Mushroom sandwich made me into a different person. A person with meaning. A person that had reason to live! hahaThis place consists of organic, all natural products. Expect higher prices but worth it because of the higher quality products. And their little cafe/deli. Portobello mushroom sandwich or a Super House? Super House I believe its called consists of bean sprouts. Lots of bean sprouts. So much that when you take a bite, all you taste is bean sprouts! haha, just kidding. But its very healthy for you and it tastes great! I didn't know vegetarian dishes could be so amazing! And they have other little containers in a fridge nearby the cafe/deli that sells some of their other dishes. Everything we had there was fantastic.5 stars for the cafe/deli. Amazing food.5 stars for service. Always outgoing and friendly. Very helpful when needed and they actually make me laugh sometimes!4 stars for the market itself. Great products but a bit pricey.Their Cafe is spectacular. A must try!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,1/19/2013,16,52,,7,3>Oh my gosh.  I am in love with Artifact Coffee.We went for the coffee cupping, which takes place on Friday mornings.  Allie, the barista-in-chief, was so knowledgeable, so friendly, and so helpful in explaining the different nuances of coffee, how to evaluate it, and really how to appreciate it more.  The half hour or so that it takes for this little class is well worth the time.The restaurant itself evokes the same rustic charm of Woodberry Kitchen, with the hyper attention to detail that the main house restaurant is known for.  The staff is schooled in virtually every topic on everything they serve.  Both the coffee and the food reflect that attention to detail.We ordered the noodle salad with peanuts, which has this fresh cilantro taste that is buoyed by a hint of spice; the Siberian gazpacho, which is a delightful cold beet soup; and the tomato sandwich, which is a plank of toasty bread, topped with heirloom tomatoes and an interesting mayo.Not least, Artifact Coffee is extremely affordable.  While you'd splurge at Woodberry for a night out, Artifact is a treat you could give yourself on the regular.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,1/17/2013,31,103,3,4,3>Vast selection of products for your beloved pet, and unmatched customer service. If you want to yuppify your dog or cat with some cute outfits (yes we are one of "those people") this is the place.Lizzie the owner is amazing---she has extensive knowledge of all the products she carries and provides insightful and great advice of items that might work for your pet. Recently, we needed some long-lasting treats for our ADHD dog and she recommended some useful treats and gave us a couple treats to sample for free---what place does that?! We prefer Doggie Style over big box stores any day---the prices are nearly comparable and actually Doggie Style carries an extensive inventory despite being a fraction of the size as Petco (boo).
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,1/16/2013,131,167,2,4,3>This was the third time I have dined here and I must say I get more and more impressed with their menu.  Each time I have been here it has been a different variety on the menu and their specials were amazing.  I settled this time with their paella.  The broth was smoky and the seafood was cooked to perfection. My husband had a Foie Gras and sliced peach pizza.  The crust was brick oven crusty and the overall taste was sweet and rich but very balanced.  For those feeling like stepping outside of your pallette boundries I suggest that pizza. As always, I recommend showing up early to get your name on the list or a spot at the bar because this place gets packed quick every day of the week. Please do not be discouraged by this, believe me it is worth the wait. We were able to get a glass of wine to sip while we waited, they had benches outside we were able to snag while we waited for a table. Parking is on the street.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,1/15/2013,184,163,,7,4>Seriously my home away from home, even though I live right around the corner. I've been studying here for years and seen their menu grow to include some really delicious stuff. For frozen coffee drinks, try their java chip with creme de menthe. My favorite iced drink is the chai, and all the hot drinks I've tried here are delicious. They usually have some type of seasonal drink like pumpkin lattes in the fall, half and half iced tea in the summer, etc. All the soups I've tried here are delicious, and I'm sure all their food is too. The owner and staff are always super friendly.Tip: if you're studying here, upstairs is really nice and quiet but sometimes people have meetings up there, so definitely check before you order if you're looking for a quiet place to study. Also it tends to be dark upstairs but the owners and employees have no problem with you adjusting the lighting to your needs.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/14/2013,52,112,1,7,5>Finally!  I've been looking for an alternative to driving to Cockeysville for an Amish market and found it.  w00t!I don't know what the connection is with Amish Markets and flea markets, but this Amish Market too shares space with a flea market.  Unlike that disastrous Amish Market I previously reviewed, this flea market's air is breathable.  It's spacious and more important, they sell vintage pinball machines you can still play.  Awesome!The food at the Amish Market is excellent.  Every Sat. we come up here for breakfast, so my husband can get a sausage, egg and cheese pretzel (they don't have these in Cockeysville) and I buy something from the breakfast grill (sometimes as it's really really fatty).  The BBQ place is awesome.  Their ribs are EXCELLENT and the green beans are out of this world (even though they're made with ham and not bacon...boo).The bacon is excellent - I'm starting to think this is universal for Amish markets.  The scrapple is great, this I know not to be universal of Amish markets.  And they sell prepared creamed chipped beef, which sounds disgusting to me, but my husband really likes it.  Ooh, also the pickles...the pickles are excellent too.In the back, the fish market/produce place is great as the prices for veggies is insanely low and the veggies are fresh.  Ex. I was able to buy 8 cucumbers for $3 when cucs are selling for between .75¢ and .99¢ currently.  This place is definitely worth your while.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/13/2013,49,161,3,5,4>This is why I love Yelpers! I never would have found this place if it weren't for this beloved bunch.I visited at 8pm on Grand Prix Sunday. I was dying for some decent Thai food, but there was no way that I was going to drive to Federal Hill to get it. On a whim, I searched for Thai food in Towson, and voila!What we ordered and how we loved it: Cheesy Rolls- crispy (but not greasy) spring rolls filled with potatoes and cheese with delicious chili mayo sauce- might sound heavy, but they're not.Jasmine Rice Soup- jasmine rice, chicken, ginger, and cilantro in a tasty clear broth. I believe there is a bit of lemongrass in there too- slurping recommended. Vegetarian Pad Thai- chock full of fresh vegetables( cabbage, carrots, zucchini, broccoli), egg, scallions, and bean sprouts topped with ground roasted peanuts and a lime wedge on the side- hands down, the best Pad Thai that I have ever had (and I've been to my share of very good Thai restaurants). It was even good the second day for lunch.Drunken Duck with sautéed string beans, carrots, sweet onions and peppers in a Thai basil sauce.- highly recommended by many Yelpers for good reason. The meat was so smooth and buttery. With the exception Honey Ginger tea, we loved everything equally like a mother loves her children. That tea was so sweet and soothing-it was immediately my favorite. I see myself visiting in the colder months to get a cup to go. whenever I am in the area. I'm already counting the minutes.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,1/12/2013,175,115,8,12,6>Came here for dinner to help some friends celebrate and splurge.  First thing you notice before even stepping in the door, there's PLENTY of easy parking!  Don't sweat it.Next, you enter and walk into what looks like a wine and spirits rather rather than restaurant until you walk a little further into dining area which is spacious and open.  The inside is one of those restaurants that looks like they converted an old factory into a hip new american venue, grey stone walls, very nice.  Outdoor seating was also available and looked pretty awesome on a nice and COOL baltimore night, but we made reservations for indoors.Now to food.  I heard a lot of hype about the MAC N Cheeeese.  Get it.  It's delicious because the flavor explodes in your mouth without being salty, oily, or heavy.  Get it.  And it's only $5.  For apps, I split the muscles with chorizo and fried oysters.  The muscles were alright, pretty good serving size.  They came in a pretty good saucy with ground chorizo, but what was disappointing about the dish was probably that the chorizo tasted like soggy ground beef.  Otherwise the muscles were decent and sauce was decent, ok flavor without being too over powering.  The serving portion for the fried oysters was a little small but the oysters were good.  The batter was delicious and you could still taste the oysters inside.  These were served on best of greens with bacon bits spread around them.  For my main course, I ordered the RACK OF LAMB with red wine pairing (all of the dishes including appetizers and deserts have a wine pairing) which was the meat special of the day.  The meat was perfectly cooked, extremely tender in the middle with crunchy rim of char around the edges.  The lamb was served in bowl with grits, sweet-ish sauce, tempura fried onions of some sort, and greens which all complimented the lamb very well.  Loved every bite.My friend (who was very drunk off the wine) got the scallops which is also served with pork belly.  I had a bite of the scallops.  Fricken delicious, on par with the lamb.  Extremely tender and buttery, almost melted in my mouth.  The service was also pretty excellent, the staff was very attentive and the restaurant wasn't extremely loud or busy on a Friday night.  AND, they serve really good BREAD (soft and fresh) for the table with great olive oil.  They must have different types of olive oil since the when we asked for more bread, they brought out a different olive (sundried tomato?).  All in all, would highly recommend this place, especially if you know anything about wine and you want to pick a bottle from their wine store and bring it to you table (BYOB sort of).  And if you don't know anything about wine like me, just get the win pairings.  This is my first review, which is probably why it's so long.  Hope it was helpful!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,1/11/2013,50,119,2,7,3>I have found my new sushi place!The search for a great sushi restaurant has been going on for a few months, ever since I moved to MD.  Well tonight we found our new place.  Sushi Q is everything I remember about great Sushi in California.  I give these guys a high 4 stars, rounded to 5.First off, the food is the thing.  The food as Sushi Q is great AND plentiful.  For starters we were given a "Sushi Q" appetizer.  We didn't ask for it, it just appeared at our table.We then had some edamame, dumplings (for the little one) and soup.  This was the first time that the little one has tried sushi and she loved it.  I had to fight for the last piece of the appetizer.From then we ordered the Spicy Maki Trio (one of their specials), an Alligator Roll, and a Super Volcano roll.  We were absolutely shocked at how much food we got.  We definitely could have fed another adult for what we got.  It was all fantastic.  The ingredients really popped.  I swear, I was almost giddy because by this point in our meal I knew that we had found our new sushi place!  I am so looking forward to exploring the rest of their menu.The specials were something that I can't recall seeing before.  Two, three, and in one case even four rolls in one order.  What a great way to try out different things from their menu.We finished up the evening with a big bowl of green tea ice cream.  Very potent, very good!Here are a couple of other things I really liked.1) Yelp check-in deal gets you 10% off your first check bill just for checking in.2) Free wi-fi3) Buzzers at your table to call the wait staff over if you need anything.So what are you doing still reading this?  Get off your butt and get to Sushi Q.We will be back next week!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/10/2013,134,129,1,8,6>Who can go wrong with ice cream and waffles?? No one! Love it! The waffles are so sweet! They are more like a dessert! I always say yes to dessert! The mascapone ice cream has a different taste, but the taste is awesome goodness! I love that the give out samples and was very friendly. There is a internet cafe in the back the is welcome to use with a small fee.Of course I will be back because it two of my favorite things combined!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/9/2013,21,54,,12,2>Opening Night of the Alehouse in Columbia...NOT to be confused with the Columbia Ale House!, No matter the name.....it's making a big impression!We've been hoping something good would come in to the property that was our Rocky Run (nostalgic - le sigh!) and Alehouse in Columbia has hit most of the necessary notes for success! Great job, everyone! Here's my first time review. Looks: WOW!...they gutted the property and prettied it up! Sophisticated grey tones, stainless steel, luxurious booths, high top tables, bar stools with backs at the beautiful bar, and tables for families (if they *have* to come here - Really? There's an Applebys at Snowden - go there! Seriously, there aren't enough grown-up establishments in Columbia - let us have a few please? Like... it's a baby...in an Alehouse!)/rantBut the exposed beams, open duct work,  and the decor lend a super upscale feel to this building. Even the bathrooms were super luxurious! But guys watch out for those sinks that look like one long trough...just sayin. Drinks:Oliver Breweries has so many numerous craft beers it should make Friscos (literally down the road!) nervous. But I wish they also had local favs like Yuengling on tap for us non-beer snobs. The gorgeous Rachel was determined though once she saw my disappointed face at no Yuengling to find me a tolerable substitute. After trying countless samples I settled on a lovely English brown ale called 3 Lions (7.5% ...so only one, please) and a fab Raspberry Cider. Yum.  Srsly, please bring in a few domestics on tap for us regulars to quaff. Food: The menu was impressive. Our table (in the circular booth, thank you!) shared Brewhouse pretzels with Blonde Ale cheese fondue with garlic & herb crust (See pics: generous and Yum!) and Crispy Buffalo Shrimp bathing in a blue cheese pond (see pics). Great portions and reasonable prices. They also had Mac & Cheese your way with $7 with Lobster (add another $7) pulled pork +$3), and Andouille (+$2) mushroom or roasted jalapenos (+$2) or short rib (+$3). Need to try one of those! BTW, the Flatbreads are Pizzas (not sandwiches) and are quite large enough to share. They also had Kobe Beff sliders  (3)- we didn't have them but we saw them walk by and they also looked like a must try! Staff:Rachel, one of our fav bartenders from another Columbia landmark is there! (see pic) and she's AMAZING! Blonde, beautiful, bright, funny, smart, and so on her game! (see pics!)  We also met Jenn who reminded me a bit of a Tina Fey Liz Lemmon combo was awesome. Of course, being the first night - everything was new but she was a delight. We were also honored to meet the one of the owners, Justin who was really nice, and the friendly GM John, and Arnold who was snarky, funny, and reminded me of Rocky Run's iconic bartender Jeff (old school shout out - we miss you Jeff) Everyone was super nice! They even had Complimentary VALET parking. Maybe because this was the opening night - but still with that frenetic parking lot, it was a nice touch! TV's: If you're a sports fan - this is your place! (minus the inexpensive domestic drafts) the technology in the place was outstanding! FREE WI-FI for My Geek peeps! Log into Alehouse - Guest & put in "alehouse" - my iPad  & iPhone say- Thank you! Buzztime Trivia?Sadly, no. A lot of daily trivia regulars will bypass this place because they didn't bring in our bar trivia - thank goodness Sonoma's has it. Patio:Fans of Al Fresco socializing will love this place...once they get the furniture! Looks like this will be the super FUN place to hang out this spring! Glass garage windows will open the bar up to the outside and they promise outdoor heaters and maybe even a fire-pit! In summation:Will this be our new local place to be mid-week regulars? Without Buzztime Trivia, Yuengling, and at these Ale prices?...maybe not. But I can totally see it being a great place to hang out for games, Fridays, patio-sitting & people watching anda really sleek place to get great service, kick-ass food, and exotic well-made craft beers! Great job, everyone!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,1/8/2013,5,98,2,3,2>Overall I had a really decent experience at The Food Market. The food was good and the service was really speedy but I have trouble getting over the cacophony of the dining room. It was SO hard to hear my dining partner and I felt like I had to yell when I spoke - not the best for date night. We started with a round of cocktails. Mike had the bellini manhattan (A++) which was a really delicious and refined drink. I ordered the Gin Na Say Pa (F) and it tasted like...gin...and at times...basil. It was poor so I didn't drink much of it and swapped it out for a glass of their white blend instead (A++). I never expect servers to not charge me for a drink I ordered but didn't enjoy but it's always very nice when they remove a bad item from the bill. Thanks for that!! For apps we shared the buffalo pickles (A+) and the duck confit potato skins (B). I loved the flavor and texture of the pickles, truly delicious. The potato skins weren't as elevated as I was hoping. Everything about the dish was FINE but there was nothing that made it special. We also had the endive salad (A) and the gazpacho (A+). Both were clearly thought out dishes with a lot of flavor and texture. I'd highly recommend both. Though that stupid commercial where the woman says (ahn-deev) for endive has continuously effed up my ability to pronounce endive. GG. Hopefully the waitress didn't make too much fun of me. For our entrees I had the scallops over roasted tomato risotto and topped with cream chipped bacon (A) and Mike enjoyed the veal loin with vegetables and lobster potato (A). These were hearty dishes - the meats were cooked to perfection and the sauces were well thought out and delicious! The lobster potato was wonderful, the dish could've used more squash blossom though.  Unfortunately my risotto was undercooked - I can't for the life of me make a perfectly cooked risotto but I expect to get a creamy risotto when I go out. Then we shared the peach cobbler which I thought was very nice but not memorable. I was served coffee but it wasn't as warm as it should've been. We would have liked to see a desert wine menu - hopefully they'll make one up as the restaurant gets older.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,1/7/2013,53,138,3,12,4>LOOOOOOOOVE this market so much I still make the 30 minute drive at least once a month to stock up on fresh farm produce!  Here's how a typical morning goes....arrive before 715a...much later and it's a little too crowded to easily maneuver a stroller.  Grab a coffee from Zeke's, generally Hippy Blend, and if the little one is with me, it's down two booths to the doughnut stand for a bag of piping hot delicious little doughnuts!I always make a round to check out the produce before making a second round to make my purchases; however i have a few favorites from whom I always end up buying.1. The stand with the awesome flower baskets and pots.  They have the biggest and cheapest zucchini, the best price on tomatoes, and really the best price on pretty much everything. 2. The herb guy...if you walk by this stand and miss the smell of all the fresh herbs, it's time to get your sniffer checked---it's awesome!3. Granola and Hummus---these two used to be on top of my list before i found their products cheaper at wegmans...at still stop by to say hi and sample anything new though!4. The stand with the fresh cut peaches out for samples---if they're willing to sample their produce, then you know it's delicious enough to take home!5.  The bean stand---LOVE the Limas!6. The Egg Stand--Who doesn't love to choose form a variety of sizes at a price similar to that at the grocery store but from farm fresh hens with a beautiful orange yolk when cooked?!  Mmmmm!Sigh, if only it weren't so far away :-)
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,1/6/2013,131,357,3,4,3>Thank goodness bakeries open early so I could get breakfast, plus I saw a handful of bakers dressed in white making happiness in the back. Yes, this is where they make happiness. I was greeted with such beautiful, colorful pastries in the glass display case that I almost missed the croissants and other baked items along the back wall. I couldn't resist and took one of each of the macarons, small citron tarte and 2 croissants. The almond croissant was heavenly. The almond filling was soft and lightly sweetened. The exterior had slivered almonds painted on with a light, sweet glaze. The macarons were delicate, sweet confections with flavors like vanilla, pistachio, lemon, chocolate, passion fruit, cassis, etc. The small citron tarte was heavenly. The soft tart pastry was delicate yet firm and filled with a perfect lemon filling and lined with a slightly torched meringue perimeter. This was perfection! There is street parking in front of the shop and the meters only accept quarters. Do not park in the lot next to the shop, adjacent to the Shot Tower as you will be towed. It is the "bright spot" on the street with it's striped awning and large glass windows.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/5/2013,154,146,3,5,3>Dr. Falk is awesome, and her team of techs are also awesome.I appreciate it when techs love my dog, in a sincere, sweet and respectful manner... and they all do! :)When I asked questions, I was given clear, helpful answers. When I asked for details about prices, services, preps, etc. I was given complete and detailed answers (which is more than I can say about other places).I will continue to bring my dog here for anything that she may need! She just finished her vaccinations, and she absolutely is not afraid of shots. They're good by me!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,1/4/2013,73,124,2,11,5>So I recently went on vacation and before going I decided to do a bit of landscaping. I wanted to make sure I was bikini ready, I have never waxed my body and I wanted to make sure I went some where that specialized in this delicate process. I did a bit of research (yelping) and came across Charm City. This place has a solid 5 stars for a reason. They are THE BOMB! My technician Stephanie was and is a wonderful person. She made me feel absolutely comfortable from beginning to end. Its not easy disrobing in front of someone you don't know and them seeing your "private" parts (Well it is for me anyway). Stephanie explained the entire process of waxing from start to finish. She broke down to me the different types of wax and the benefits of them. In other words "Home girl knows her stuff". The room is small and cozy and very relaxing but at the same time very hygienic. The ladies at Charm City take cleanliness very seriously and I appreciate that!  I will say waxing is not for the faint of heart but if you are brave enough to try it you will not regret it. I am a fan and personally I don't see any reason to go anywhere else but to Charm City. Also I will say waxing is not the only thing they specialize in. They do everything from facials to body treatment. Thank you Stephanie for making my experience a great one!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,1/3/2013,9,29,5,6,2>We wandered into Shiso with a bad case of "hanger" (the anger you get when you're hungry and making poor decisions), on a Sunday night around 7, when our original destination had a 40 minute wait.    We only meant to have a drink at the bar, but ended up staying for dinner.  I'm so glad we did!Everyone from the hostess to the bartender was friendly, welcoming, and genuinely enthusiastic about the food.   The bartender told us that the sushi chef was from Morimoto in Philly, and that's evident in the inventiveness of the menu.  We tried both the Crunch Roll and the Rainbow Roll which were extremely fresh and beautifully presented.    In addition, we ordered the Papaya Salad, which was savory and refreshing with fish sauce and lime, and the Pork Belly Noodle Bowl, which was huge.    The pork was flavorful and satisfyingly crunchy/tender, but the texture of the ramen was a bit of a disappointment---mushy, rather than al dente, and lacking in any distinctive character.  Drinks are very reasonably priced; my dining companion had 3 Blue Moons, at $5 each, and I had a lychee martini for $8.    Shiso Tavern fills a much needed gap in the area--it offers an upscale, quiet haven from the rest of the Square, and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,1/2/2013,8,69,5,2,3>I was here last weekend and this place was BUSY!This was one of the last places I stopped at on my trip into Fells Point, and by then I was getting pretty tired. I checked my previous purchases at the front counter (I did have to wait to catch the cashier's eye, no biggie).  After that, I started looking around - ok, I turned around from the front counter and came face-to-face with the kids section. Ok, for fun, let's look.First picked up Thundercats, thought it would be a nice nostalgia trip....then I saw....0.0....0.0  OMG IS THAT THE ENTIRE G1 TRANSFORMERS DVD COLLECTION?!....OMG, IS THAT THE ENTIRE TRANSFORMERS BEAST WARS COLLECTION?!...OMG IS THAT TRANSFORMERS: HEADMASTERS?!(Yes, I'm an 80's child, yes, I love Transformers, and yes, I am a girl. :)Thundercats was instantly dropped back onto the shelf.  I am SO glad I hadn't used my visa gift card yet!  I raced back to the back of the store to quickly peruse the games, didn't see any I wanted, then raced back to the front counter with my precious - I mean uh..DVDs. :)The wait was short, and I had to explain to the lady behind the counter that two of the three sets were going on a gift card, but it all worked out.  I happily picked up my checked bag, and walked out, loaded down with stuff by then.Overall, while I wasn't there long, I was pleased by the selection of DVDS. (They have to refill a huge hole on that shelf now. :) I didn't get a good look at the CD section, but from what I saw, they have a lot to offer.   I'm probably going back into town for the book festival, so I'm sure I'll be back to visit!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,1/1/2013,54,68,,5,3>Been here for happy hour a bunch of times and I'm never disappointed.  It's a little bit of a walk from Harbor East & Fells so it's not as popular and crowded as other restaurants which means you can actually have a conversation with the people at your table without feeling like you're yelling.  They have a GREAT happy hour deal from 4-8 p.m. -- a bunch of $5 foods and half-off wines and pitchers of sangria.  I absolutely LOVE their blush wine sangria, which is what I almost always get.  But I've had sips of my friends' other cocktails and they've always tasted good, too.  For the food, gotta love the mac and cheese and their flatbread pizzas are pretty good, too.  Overall, I never turn down an opportunity for HH at Teavolve.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,12/31/2012,52,169,3,8,2>I adore this place. I found it by accident when I moved back from GA pregnant and was looking for a new OB. The woman I went to see practiced out of here on Thursdays, and once I realized what this place does, I immediately switched. I'm a huge fan of natural births, so obviously I was extremely interested. My experience here has been nothing short of fantastic. The midwives I've had are all wonderful and helpful, they have later hours for people like me who need them, and my whole water-birth experience was something I completely plan on doing again.The only negative things I can say is that I have a couple friends who have had less-than-perfect experiences with a couple of the midwives (just them being dismissive and such), and I feel like when I call there I don't always receive friendly service. Nevertheless, as long as I'm in the area, I plan to continue going here for all my lady-needs.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,12/30/2012,10,127,2,6,3>CAFE: 4 stars.Lovely, open space in Midtown with great lighting and tall ceilings!  Very happy to find a place in the neighborhood to get breakfast before 10am (lookin at YOU, cafes in Charles Village!)...great decaf brew and a very fresh yogurt parfait = great way to start a summer morning!  The blueberries were extremely fresh and the granola was separated in a little cup so it wasn't shmushy.  My only regret?  Not coming here when the kitchen was open!  The Brunch menu looks fab -- but I'll certainly update this when I get there.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/29/2012,168,259,5,7,3>Best burger I've ever had in my life! My friends and I drunkenly stumbled into this place on a late Friday night and we ordered a bunch of food. Fried pickles (guess I was feeling like Snooki) and crab tater tots to share, amaze!! They were so good and we couldn't even finish them then our burgers came, I ordered the Bison burger and seriously the bacon was cooked PERFECT! I need to go back on a completely empty stomach because I had about 75% of my food leftover the next day and it was just as bomb!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/28/2012,19,98,,7,5>I have been to pretty much all of the consignment shops in the area and i like this one best for several reasons. Foremost, I think it is well organized and there is not a whole lot to sift through. In other places, you have to really spend a LOT of time looking for quality or searching through endless amounts of stuff. At Fashion Attic, it's pretty clear they don't just take anything. So far, I have scored some nice designer jeans, a coach bag, and great jewelry. A lot of the items are unique and quirky as well for those who like to stand out :) I stop in every week to see what's new! Plus side, the mother and daughter who own and operate the business are so friendly and nice to chat with!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/27/2012,40,283,2,5,5>From what I understand Water for Chocolate is primarily a caterer, so I wanted to be clear that this review is just for their cafe on Lombard Street.I'd heard a lot about this place and eventually decided to give it a try for Sunday morning breakfast. I was happy to learn that all of the positive things I'd heard were true. The food was excellent (I got a breakfast burrito with a side order of cheese grits) and very reasonably priced. WfC's owner/chef is a very friendly guy who came out to check on us and make sure we were happy with our food. Service wasn't the fastest but it was always friendly. It would be nice if the location had a bit more space but the food itself was first rate. Definitely a place that I'd recommend.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,12/26/2012,157,175,,4,4>I don't have a lot to compare this to, this was my first Indian experience. However, when I walked in I was blown away by how NICE it was. Very pretty décor. Dim lights and soft music. The service was outstanding. The server was polite and attentive.My chicken dish was delicious and I was very pleased with everything else we ordered. Try the veggie fritters!I'll definitely be back!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,12/25/2012,45,104,5,7,4>I love that Baltimore has a dedicated gluten-free restaurant! Add in the fact that they cater to vegetarians and vegans as well and you can understand why I'd been itching to try out Meet 27 for months. Be forewarned; the signage for the restaurant is incredibly confusing. They're located on the corner of Howard and 27th and in front of the building they have a giant hanging sign that says "Sweet 27" as well as a standing board that advertises the bakery. I know that Sweet 27, located around the corner on 27th, is owned by the same person so I can understand wanting to co-brand but it makes it really hard to give directions to folks who aren't familiar with the area. Okay, now that I have that off my chest I can get to the good part: Meet 27 is amazing!The menu is eclectic but as a vegan it's nice to have a variety of options to choose from. The Batata Vada appetizer was good but nothing to write home about (how special can fried mashed potatoes be?). The Chili Paneer, however, was absolutely perfect. Seriously, I'm drooling just thinking about it. The sauce was perfectly seasoned, incredibly satisfying, and so filling that I got 3 meals out of it. The tofu had a wonderful meaty texture and I didn't miss the cheese at all. Plus it's interspersed with pieces of battered and fried broccoli and cauliflower, an unexpected but welcome addition. I have no idea what they put in the batter for those little nuggets of pure joy but whatever it is, it's seriously addictive. My dining buddy, Rich L, got the Pork Vindaloo and you should be warned that it's SPICY. It was pretty hilarious to watch him grow increasingly sweaty but he refused to stop eating because apparently it was good enough to suffer through the pain. I take that as a high compliment to the chef. The only misstep of the night was the vegan chocolate mousse. There were too many competing flavors going on and the base (which I'm assuming was silken tofu) left a strange aftertaste. I would definitely skip it next time. The ambiance is a little bit weird since when you walk in you're greeted by a large, beautiful, and completely empty bar. But the space is quiet and a little bit dark and classy and I'd be equally happy to go here on a hot date or with my mom who has a gluten allergy. I'll definitely find an excuse to go again soon.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,12/24/2012,103,142,3,9,9>I've lived in Baltimore long enough to have eaten crab cakes all over the city in all their variations.  And in my opinion, Faidley's jumbo lump cake is the best in Baltimore.  Baseball sized, teaming with meat, but with just the right balance of seasoned filler to make it more than just a pile of crab.  They're substantial, but they're not heavy.  They're not bland, but they're also not over-seasoned or somehow fancy or tarted up.  They're big enough, but they're not too big.  They're heavy on the crab, but not over the top.In other words, they're just right.  They're definitive.Which means, if you're visiting Baltimore and wanting to know what a crab cake should taste like, take yourself to Lexington Market at lunchtime and stand in line at Faidley's.  Order the jumbo lump platter (I like the greens!). Then eat it standing up.That, too, is a definitive Baltimore experience.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/23/2012,334,725,8,6,8>I saved this review for my 600th just because I think the Hippo is fabulous. Bill D hit it right on with his review. The Hippo is where I go with friends to have a great time, hear great music and we never have to worry about getting sleezed on. The place is a little older and the one bar on the right has a funky cigar room feel to it with a pool table. It reminds me of a VFW feel. The left side opens up later and there's a $5 cover with a dance floor and two bars on either side. There's bound to be interesting people to watch, a group of girls for a bachelorette party and delicious lime jello shots with whip cream for $1. I like the vibe and no one cares what anyone is doing, we're all just having a fun time. The bathrooms are clean too. The downside is that if you're a single girl thinking of hooking up with a handsome guy, don't feel let down if he's just not into you.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,12/22/2012,30,86,6,4,4>Although this place is called Level, they actually have two levels...each with their own bar.  We came here for cocktails and small plates one evening and I really enjoyed it. After a quick glance at the cocktail menu, I noticed the Bourbonnapolis and ended up having a few that night.  It's made with Woodford Reserve bourbon, St. Germain elderflower liquor, pumpkin purée and lemon.  I know what you're thinking: "Pumpkin purée? What the hell is wrong with this guy?!"   There is nothing wrong with me or the drink...it's delicious!If I'm being honest, I can't even remember the food because the drink was soo good...The place was packed, even at the bar.  Parking is a little tight, but it's Annapolis...what do you expect.  I'd definitely suggest stopping by Level on your next bar tour.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,12/21/2012,37,117,,7,5>BWI is the best option in the DMV. DCA gets overcrowded and IAD... well, it appears to be designed in such a way that no matter how you get there, you are always as far away as you could possibly be from where you need to be to catch your flight...SMH.At BWI, I once made it from the parking garage to my gate in under 15 minutes. I was way late and after I parked I thought for sure that I wouldn't make the flight....but I did! Parked in the daily garage, took the elevator down, got on the shuttle bus, rode the bus, got off the bus and ran to security where there was *no one* in line, made it through without a hitch and ran to the gate as they were doing final boarding call. Thank you BWI!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,12/20/2012,74,176,3,3,2>All smiles! Stopped in after a walk thru Main Street with my bestie. I ordered 1- Peanut Butter Chocolate (me), 1-Vanilla Birthday (kid), 1-Red Velvet (honey)Bestie and I hopped in the car and did a small celebratory cupcake dance. 1st bite... I was instantly sad the the cup cake would be gone soon. It was extremly moist with a extra surprise of peanut butter  "goodness" in the middle. Took the other two home. Gave the small person her treat after dinner. She ate the ENTIRE cupcake. She almost never eats the whole thing. She will lick the icing off then taste the cake. She was picking up crumbs from the table. It was getting late so I put the other cupcake in a ziplock bag to keep it fresh. Two days went buy and the cupcake was still on the kitchen counter... guess what. He didn't know that if you dont acknowledge or eat what I buy you in 2 days... i eat it lol. Sad but true people, he know sweets are my weekness dont leave them around. So that red velvet was one of the best Ive ever had. Dean and Deluca was the only Red Velvet that I've ever tasty that wasnt even slightly dry. The service was friendly and helpful... I asked her what was her fav flavor. She broke them and told me why. I cant remember what bestie got.. but it was good... because she was awfully quiet over there while eatting. lol
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,12/19/2012,92,403,5,4,5>Stopped in with my son before a movie purely by accident.....you see, my 19 yr old son tends to be stuck in his pattern of only wanting to go to chain restaurants and was REALLY hoping for TGI Friday's, but since they were packed and there was no parking, I drove around and was afraid he was going to ask for Baja Fresh, when for some unknown reason he decided to be adventurous and said "Let's try this place!"  Well, after he scooped me up from the parking lot, we proceeded inside to find a very nice clean and well organized cafe.  The staff were very friendly ,making excellent recommendations, and there was no wait at all at the counter. My son decided on the shawarma platter, which he said was delicious (it was his first time trying Lebanese food ,so I was pleasantly surprised).  My kafta was good but a little dry for my taste, but I must say the hummus was the best I've had in the area.  It was definitely the star of the show!  And with the warm unlimited pita bread, you've just got to finish it all!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/18/2012,18,133,1,9,4>After recently receiving some more welcome news it was finally time to celebrate, and what better way to do this than to go out for a fancy dinner at a new spot that has been on the radar for quite some time.Cinghiale is an upscale Italian restaurant in Baltimore's most trendy of foodie neighborhoods, Harbor East. Nestled right against the shores of the Inner Harbor (with an embankment that prevented it from flooding on Sunday, fortunately), the restaurant offers all the conveniences that a Baltimore foodie is getting used to now (nice views, FREE valet, umbrellas).The look of the restaurant is classic Italian and could technically be transplanted to any harborside European city. Wood paneling, wine bottles lining the falls, dark chairs and white table clothes, massive windows facing out onto the street, all very nice. It's an open area, so I would imagine it can get a little boisterous during rush hours, but that too is an Italian staple.The food was excellent. There are actually two choices on offer, a Prezzo Fisso menu of 4 courses for $62 ($92 with wine pairing), and a more casual Cucina Della Nonna menu for $29, which includes 3 courses from a separate menu. This being a celebratory occassion, all dishes were chosen from the more formal menu.I began my meal with the Speck from Sudtirol with Local Peaches, this being a favorite from the old country. The speck was excellent, well flavored and drizzled with just a little oil to enhance the flavor. The texture, especially when combined with the peaches, was exquisite.For the pasta course, that most difficult of Italian tests, gnocchi. In this iteration, the gnocchi were served with pesto, pignoli, and heirloom tomato. As other posters have gone on about, there are standards to a good gnocchi, and, at least to my palette, the restaurant met them head on and exceeded them. A formidable blending of flavors that was tasty without being heavy, with just the right portion size.The secondi dish of choice was a Wagyu sirloin steak, cooked mid-rare and sliced on the plate, layered over grilled eggplant and served with a tomato marmaletta. While there were slight style points here, since the knife given with dinner is not quite heavy enough to easily cut steak, the food itself was delicious. Cut just right, and once again light and texturally well composed.The dessert here was that Italian classic, Tiramisu. As with everything else, it was well done.The drinks selection is quite good. We started with a cocktail, with my having a Cinghiale 75 (a variation on the gin and tonic using Hendricks), and then each chose wine from the extensive (16 pages of bottles plus glasses) wine menu, foregoing the wine pairing due to the delightful deluge of Sunda's sunny weather forecast. Dessert was accompanied by a Fernet Branca and a cup of strong, but pleasant, coffee.Overall an excellent restaurant for special occassions that is worth every penny spent. I would come again anytime.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,12/17/2012,55,370,3,4,7>Once upon a time, a boy and girl stumbled into Brewer's Art after a failed meetup with a bunch of their friends.  They got to talking, then flirting, then two years later kissed at the altar and sealed the deal.Yes, my husband and I had our first date here. So I can't think of the place with anything but fondness.  But the food and beer help add to that fondness each time I visit.Of course their beer is spectacular; we particularly love their peppercorn tripel, but Resurrection and Ozzy are also reliable standbys.  Almost everything comes in a specially-shaped glass, showing careful attention to detail and history.Their food is also quite good, both the upscale dining room and the pared-down bar menu. On our last visit we sat downstairs, which is kind of a dive, but worth it for the experience.  The Greek salad had too many ingredients (artichokes and pickled onions) but everything was fresh and crisp.  Mussels with bacon in beer are always divine, and theirs were cooked perfectly and finished with a touch of cream.  The grilled bread that accompanied them is good, but a better option is to order the rosemary-garlic fries and dip those in the broth instead.Also, I made good on my solemn vow to never turn down a soft-shell crab in season, and though it was not quite soft enough for me, the flavor was excellent.  By the end of the meal everyone was full, but still picking off crab legs and sighing with pleasure.I think my favorite thing about this place (besides the sentimental value) is that it can be so many different experiences.  You can have a fancy, intimate dinner upstairs, a beer at the bar with a friend, or a raucous get-together with buddies in the basement.  All in one amazing building!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,12/16/2012,332,181,2,8,6>Finally ventured over to the market after leaving Blockbuster Video one day. Man, was I mad when I saw I could've been buying my favorite Spanish products like the Arnica lotion I buy in Orlando (clears up all kind of rashes and irritations; heals cuts FAST) and the Dominican shampoo and conditioner, Crece Pelo, right here all along. And, of course, it's cheaper at Lily's than the price I pay at the salon.As far as food goes, this place is packed to the hilt with all the favorite Spanish brands, if you know about that stuff. If not, be prepared to search the shelves and try to communicate with the barely-English speaking cashier for help. It wasn't a problem for me because I love the feel of a bodega-style grocery store. Found some good deals like a GIANT bottle of Goya picante sauce for $1.99. Lots of breads, fresh meat and cool herbs, spices to add to my Spanish dishes. Thank God my Puerto Rican mother-in-law took the time to show me how to make this kind of food before she passed on. And if I may compliment myself, I make a pretty authentic version of Pollo Guisado!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,12/15/2012,188,240,7,16,7>I have been coming to Allcare for years now. The first time I discovered it was when I was trying to find somewhere last minute for my sister's sport physical.After that, I came several times with family members for minor things like strep and colds. My visits were always very quick and everyone there is very nice. But the ultimate BEST experience was about two weeks ago when my brother sliced his finger on the lawn mower blade. We went to Patient First in Columbia and after signing in and doing everything, the PA there said she could not do the stitches because it was too deep and something about needing double layer stitches and said we had to go to the ER.... that was exactly what we were trying to AVOID!! So it was Friday evening and we walked into the ER and the waiting room was packed and there was this other man who had a laceration who looked like he had been sitting there for hours. After waiting for 15 min we decided to try AllCare. I did NOT want to spend my friday night in the ER until 3AM just for stitches.We went and Dr Kim (previously a HCGH ER doc) easily did the stitches and we were in and out in like 20 minutes.. and i was able to still go out Friday night afterwards :] Would definitely recommend Allcare for those who want to avoid the ER at all costs and for quick walk-in visits with no appt!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,12/14/2012,145,325,4,12,5>Pabu is one of Baltimore's newest restaurants and is a Japanese restaurant that's owned by celebrity chef Michael Mina. It comes just off the heels of another Mina restaurant in Baltimore, Wit and Wisdom.Since it's opening, I've gone twice. The food was great both times.The first time I went, I ordered the tasting menu upon the server's suggestion.  It's six courses and costs $44.88.  You can pair it with drinks for an additional $24.88, which isn't a bad deal.The tasting menu was as follows:1.  "Happy Spoon" and Izakaya appetizers:  The happy spoon will definitely put you in a happy place (until you eat it and have no more...upon which you may feel a little sad).  It's oyster, uni, creme fraiche, and salmon roe in one spoon.  Yeah... I know what you're thinking: "O.M.G." and I'd agree; that was pretty much what I said after I ate it. :P  The rest of the appetizers were nice too.  Loved the lotus root (don't be freaked out by its weird look).  It came with a cocktail that paired quite nicely; it was a little sweet and acidic to balance out the oyster/uni/creme fraiche combo.2. Pabu wing "Nagoya style" and pork spare ribI know that the current chicken craze right now is "Korean fried chicken" but dare I say that these wings can hold their own?  They're actually somewhat similar in style... very crispy on the outside, perfectly moist on the inside, and covered with a light sweet-yet-spicy glaze.  I was a big fan of these as well--so much that I reordered them on my second trip. Yum!  This was paired with sake.3. Skewers grilled over Japanese BinchotanThe next course was a bunch of skewers with various meats.  So I forgot to mention, when you come into the restaurant, you are hit with this wonderful woody/smoky aroma.  They come from these skewers.  The meatballs were tender and flavorful.  Skirt steak was also a hit.  There was this sweet garlic thing as well but I was a little confused on how to eat it... do you peel it?  Or do you just eat it?  I don't know if it was the right thing to do but I chose to just eat it (trying to peel it with utensils did not go well).  They were good... but just as a warning... your breath will smell like garlic for the next few days!   This was paired with wine (if my memory serves me correctly, it was a chardonnay).4. Michael's "chicken noodle" soupUp until now, all the dishes were great.  I'd say the chicken noodle soup was the first dish that was underwhelming.  Essentially, its a ramen dish served with a chicken broth.  It wasn't bad but honestly, I'd have preferred a more traditional ramen dish.  By mixing the two dishes together, you lose the intricate and delicate flavor of a good  ramen broth. On the plus side, it was paired with Hitachino Nest white ale, one of my favorite Japanese beers.5. Nigiri sushi selection and special hand rollA Japanese restaurant better have good sushi... and Pabu delivers.  I forget exactly what fish were in my rolls but they were both fresh and flavorful.  I wouldn't say its the best ever sushi I've had but it definitely still ranks up there for good sushi I've had in Baltimore.  It was also paired with sake.6.  Omakase dessert tastingFinally, the dessert comes beautifully presented in a long thin plate with four different mini-desserts.  There was mochi, sorbet, panna cotta, and chocolate if I remember correctly... and all were great.  They don't tell you what order to eat the mini desserts so I ate them in order of what seemed lightest to heaviest in flavor (I ended with the chocolate).  As a side note, this is the only course where the beverage pairing comes with a non-alcoholic drink (a sweet iced green tea of some sort)Overall, very filling and a great meal (minus the chicken noodle soup).  I also ordered a "Monk's Mood" cocktail (this was before I decided to do the beverage pairing).  Great cocktail (plymouth gin, junmai ginjo, yellow chartreuse, absinthe dash).The service that day was great; the server knew the menu inside and out AND also knew the alcoholic menu inside and out.  The second time I went, it was for happy hour.  I ordered the wings and got the skirt steak skewers.  Just as good as last time.  I also ordered a whiskey punch that was very well made.  The server's knowledge of the sake menu seemed to be far less  than my previous server's. But while it took him a while to find a bottle, his pick, a bottle of Crazy Milk Nigori sake, was still good.  Nigori is a type of unfiltered sake that is actually cloudy.  It was creamy, smooth, and milky.Overall I enjoyed Pabu and will likely go back!*random fact of the day* A lot of the menu items have 88 cents following the dollar value.  We asked the first server why this is... turns out the CEO or something loves Kill Bill and the 88 is a reference to the Crazy 88.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/13/2012,94,116,3,14,7>"Herb And Soul" ...say that out loud.   herb an soul.....herban  soul ....urban soul.             That pretty much sums up this place. Homestyle comfort food from the heart, a dash of funk, and a lot of soul. The food has great flavor, great simple complexity (just enough complexity yet a simple foundation and traditional technique), is seasoned perfectly, and it doesn't make you feel gross and nasty afterwards.           Will definitely be re-evaluating this solid 4  business with more visits. I'm excited to see where it goes. -  I love their philosophy as seen on their website. Local ingredients = sustainability for farming and food future and therefore the world's future.  Support your local farms/farmers markets/know where your ingredients come from!! - I love places like this that are randomly in a convenience store. 1 table with 3 seats. This place is mostly a catering/take out place for now. - Chicken and waffles entree - Finally my favorite chicken and waffles in baltimore. The seasoning on the chicken (boneless slices) is money, the small sprig of rosemary among the chicken imparted its aroma and flavor slightly onto the chicken, not overwhelming at all. There were 5 slices probably totaling about 4 ounces of chicken meat total. The amount of crispy breading on the chicken was high compared to the actual size of the meat, but this is an elegant tasting chicken. It's not a nasty 2am drunk food kind of fried chicken. The waffle was a fluffy, decent consistency sweet potato waffle. The key is that it's not too sweet. There is only a hint of sweetness. Good contrast in both texture and flavor between the waffle and the fried chicken. I wish that the waffle had a slight crust on it but this is personal preference, and it may have lost its crisp/crust in the box on the way home. Their website has a picture of chicken and waffles with huge bone in thighs. I'm not sure if it was different because it was the groupon pre-fixe. -w/ baked Mac and Cheese - Made with local cheese, you can definitely tell this is not a store bought kind of mac and cheese. Simple yet good texture good creaminess, seasoned well. Some of the pasta was overcooked but this may have been due to the wait in the car (less than 5 minutes) - Pork Loin wrapped in bacon entree - In total probably about 3.5-4 ounces cooked. The pork loin was dry, hopefully just a fluke. Though dry, the bacon wrapped around it saved the day. ok flavor, not oversalty, not too much of a porky taste. Overall ok considering the dry pork. - w/ The southern green beans were great. Had bits and even chunks of pulled pork in it. Loved it.  Well seasoned. The sweet potatoes were great. I usually don't like sweet potatoes but these were good. Kept it structure and mashed well. - Bread pudding dessert - Has raisins in it. I love bread pudding..this is a good bread pudding.  Nice and Sweet, not over the top. Good glaze over it. Awesome texture, raisins add a nice sweetness and texture as well. -Indian (navajo) Lamb Taco - I've heard about navajo bread and was really excited to try this. I spoke to a native american friend of mine and she was telling me how their traditional food is actually not very "flavorfull" in the American sense. Only in recent decades have they been using salt and seasonings. They don't really use herbs, etc. "it's pretty bland" according to a friend.  With that in mind, eat this taco. The lamb was very gamey, not much seasoning, you can really taste the tender lamb flavor coming through. It was tender, but I could see many people being turned off from this. Probably the most gamey meat I've eaten.  Topping of shredded cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and a bit of a housemade aoili. The bread is a fried bread- Similar texture to a gordita shell from tbell but obviously much more traditional, less nasty.  Overall, I loved it - also partly because you can't really get this anywhere else. When  I peeked back into the kitchen, I saw the chef working his magic. As an aspiring home cook, food and chef admirer, I understand to a certain extent how good chefs move, and I understand one of the top rules for a cook: Taste your food, taste, taste, taste.  The Chef moved like a chef, and I saw him tasting and adjusting the food appropriately.   Considering they focus on local ingredients it's appropriately priced in my opinion.   The side portions were slightly smaller than I'd like but I love how they focus on the sides as much as the entrees.*Also a note the length of time it takes for you to get home. You can't complain about food becoming soggy if it takes you 30 minutes of waiting time.   Luckily this time there was only a 5 minute drive.  Next time i'm eating it ASAP in the car!Overall, a solid 4 ..good for a new business. Will be back
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,12/12/2012,416,145,9,17,9>In today's episode of "Urban Gentrification at its Best," the role of the Downtown Baltimore newbie will be played by Gordon Biersch. I had the delicious pleasure of enjoying a complimentary meal during the soft opening yesterday (the restaurant is scheduled to open to the general public this coming Monday, October 29th). Having never been to the other locations, I walked into this without any expectations or comparisons so this is the raw uncut review of what I experienced at a place I knew nothing about.  Service- Absolutely terrific. Throughout our meals we were not only checked on by our waitress but also by random hostesses and shirt & slack dressed gentlemen that I could only assume were with restaurant management. Had this have been a regular night at the restaurant I would venture out to say that the staff interaction was a bit excessive but with it being a soft opening and such important people as myself being present, I can understand staff wanting to bend over backwards to leave a lasting impression of dedicated service.Décor- If swank was to stroll down one street and sporty the other, Gordon Biersch Harbor East would be where they intersected. At the bar you find yourself surrounded by TVs, stools and that pub type feel. Away from the bar the booths are so cozy and intimate, we almost forget there was a huge glass with giant vats of beer right behind us. The narrow yet maneuverable bathroom stalls have floor to ceiling doors which will be sure to distinguish those with home training from those who just like to burst through doors without knocking first. The contrast of the neutral colored stone against the the solid oak door give off a warm, homey type of feel until you're jolted back to life by the sound of the strong automatic toilets with flush forces empowered by Greyskull. Each time I visited during my four hour dining stay, the paper towels were refreshed and there was never any visible debris in sight.Cocktails- Our waitress advised us that all cocktails for the evening would be $1 with proceeds going towards the Healthy Harbor initiative to make the Baltimore Inner Harbor clean and swimmable by 2020 (healthyharborbaltimore.o). Determined to make my contribution towards what I'm sure will be a $99 bajillion project, I sampled a great deal of the restaurant's cocktail menu. From what I understand the menu prices for their cocktails will average about $9 each, allow me to advise you of which ones are worth it. Manhattan: very firm/solid drink, I had two of these; Veev Mule- fail, the mint did not blend well with the lime juice; Lemon Drop- not too tart, nice rendition; Pom- the fresh pomegranate juice overpowers the Ketel making for way too sweet of a drink; Pomegranate Margarita-pretty standard; Grey Goose martini-pretty impossible to mess up; Patron Margarita- packed with a pleasant punch. Now on to the part you've been waiting on- THE FOOD-Kobe Sliders- to quote my friend "tastes like they slaughtered cattle out back;" Translation: FRESH AND ON POINT! -House salad- toasted pecans, bacon, cheese, tomato and cucumbers (which I nixed because they're the devil)-great tasting! I ordered the roasted jalapeno ranch dressing which made the salad a hit while my friend's house marzen balsamic vinaigrette was a miss -Steak Frittes- dry and unimpressive to say the least; there was a house bbq sauce sprinkled over it but for the lack of taste the steak should have been drowned in it, especially considering the menu cost is $19.95-Lobster & Shrimp tacos-YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!!!! Bottom line- GET.THESE.TACOS-Chocolate Cake-underimpressed is the word for this dessert, and that's coming from my friend who loves chocolate.For parking, your best bet is to visit either the Central & Eastern St garage, Fleet & Eden St garage, or the Whole Foods garage where they validate for 2 hours with purchase.  When Townhouse Kitchen came to Harbor East, service and food quality were stellar to begin with then steadily went down, I hope this restaurant doesn't follow in the same footsteps because it's got great potential. I don't put too much on a restaurant's opening so I plan to visit in a few weeks and do an update if anything changes for the worse.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,12/11/2012,118,600,4,7,6>Cool, beautiful rural-looking place on the edge of suburbia.  I have known about the petting zoo for a while but never have had a good excuse to go.  (Grown woman on her own at a petting zoo would be too sad for even me to attempt.)Today I found out they have a nice little fruit and veg stand on the property.  Most of the produce is grown right on the farm.  What isn't is local (at least it was today).  They also have a "pick-your-own-flowers" flower bed.  Pretty, nice for walking and a great idea for dates!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/10/2012,95,120,,5,5>I came here with friends just to grab drinks. This place is fairly new to the Fells Point area, so I do not think that too many folks are aware of this establishment. But for the most part the decor and chic furniture and tables along with the nice hardworrd floors and couch seating in the back behind the bar gives the Willow a nice sexy look. The late night menu does not have to many choices as in food so I would advise not to come there hungry. My friends did order the spicy crab nachos which had a different mix of flavors, they werent bad. What I like about Willow is that they utilize all organic alcohol and their mixers are all made in house. And the nice thing is that you have a choice of getting a cocktail in a shot form for $7 or for $2 extra you can get it as a cocktail, which clearly states on the drink menu. Since this was just a pitstop for me and my girls on our bar hop through Fells Point, I would really like expirience Willow for all it has to offer. The staff was pretty friendly and nice. I would most def return
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,12/9/2012,290,462,4,4,4>Fantastic library. It has been renovated so some parts are brand spanking new while others really show their age. I remember as a kid coming to play in the stream/pond that runs through/under the library. Used to pull out snails and minnows and watch the birds and ducks enjoy themselves. Sadly the pond is almost completely filled in now. Dredge it Loyola!It is a university library so they have lots of arcane subjects if you're interested in the battle of sekigahara or quantum mathematics. I loved coming to read Shakespeare and Chinese literature- great selections of both. They also have a nice movie section with TVs so you can watch there or check out. Copiers kind of suck but internet is lightning fast. Used to download movies and music vids on multiple computers from Rapidshare and Megaupload. Ah, memories :-) Love Loyola!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/8/2012,133,540,3,6,5>I don't often get overwhelmed at menu choices, but I did here.  I tried to make my wife choose so I wouldn't risk picking the wrong dish.  They have a mix of small plates, sandwiches, specials and entrees.  The beer menu was literally 7 pages.  Cocktails were very reasonable at around $5.  Back to the food, we ordered the stuffed pepper wrapped in bacon, the duck fat fries with blue cheese and truffle oil, and the Osso Bucco.  If you have to choose make sure the peppers and osso bucco are in the mix.  I don't think I would do justice to how great the meal was.  Mind you this is stick to your ribs gastro pub style food, so come with an appetite.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/7/2012,89,159,,6,2>5-star as soon as you walk in the door!SERVICE is AWESOME! I walked in & was greeted while waiting in line by one of the managers (who complimented my "I love NY" sweater) & once I received my meal, a partner of the restaurant handed my meal, asked if it was my first time & then explained how everything was made from scratch, nothing's frozen & showed me the 6 homemade BBQ sauces. Even while walking out, the manager who greeted me, made sure I was good to go. FOOD was DELICIOUS! Hand carved turkey, homemade BBQ sauce, & sticky, goey, Mac & Cheese that comes sprinkled in breadcrumbs! I'm a Mac & Cheese critic, since its my favorite meal, and Mission BBQ aced their recipe.DECOR is UP TO PAR! A real live military tank sits out front with the logo, and inside is neatly organized, set up to hold inside dining & fast to-go line ordering (without making the two collide & cause chaos). Not to mention, items are "mission BBQ" related, down to orange straws. (Which as a marketing director, I can digg it!)OVERALL, I FELT AT HOME, LIKE THANKSGIVING WITH PPL WHO CARE ABOUT YOU. IT WAS AN A+ EXPERIENCE, WITH GREAT FOOD!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,12/6/2012,68,684,2,4,5>Everyone kept on telling me about the Baltimore Farmer's Market underneath the Jones Falls Expressway at Holliday & Saratoga streets, but it wasn't until I visited the Charles Street Friday Market that the friendly pickle vendor told me about the 32nd Street Market in the Charles Village area. The 32nd St. Market is great! Big, but not huge, great prices on fresh produce, a good mix of prepared foods and produce.I'm looking forward to coming back here every Saturday for my locavore needs. There's a parking lot you can park at, or just do what I do and park in the neighborhood and walk a bit.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,12/5/2012,102,155,,7,4>A one-stop shop for dessert and coffee in Baltimore! Special thing about Vaccarro's is that you will need to return again and again to ever taste everything on the menu; it's like a little treasure trove in Little Italy.Plus, it opens late (Tu-Thurs until 11pm and 1am on weekends!) and the portions are generou.  I like the cookies, the gelato, and the waffle (quarter-sized) with gelato was enough for two or three people for only around $6. Ambiance with a modern chandelier makes it nice enough for a date and casual enough for a group gathering.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,12/4/2012,23,130,2,4,4>Was here with about 12 family members and we pretty much took over one of the rooms on the second floor.  Had a great time, the food and the service was excellent.  Had the old bay fries as an appetizer and they are just addictive, then I ordered the crab cakes which was pretty much perfect.  We also ordered a few dozen crabs, pretty much all of them were larges but I just had a couple and they were perfect.  Didn't have the corn on the cob this time around but had it before and it is a must have if you've never had it here.  The employees here are great, they make you feel at home and they are all very friendly.  The only thing I didn't like was when some of the food was ready they just brought it out, then more dinners were ready they would bring it out.  They didn't bring everyone's out at the same time it was staggered.  Still the service is great, food is just out of this world.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,12/3/2012,62,419,5,8,7>Yes, it's another adventure of the Yelper and LoML, heh.  No reason for going out this time - we do it on a whim, on occasion.  We were looking through Yelp for cheap eats, and LoML found this place - he absolutely adores Mexican food.  He also adores saving money.  So when you put two and two together, you're a math whiz.  :pAnyhow, we got there and we weren't even sure the place was open at first - it's a tiny little storefront with the entrance on Potomac Street.  The "Open" sign in the window was off and it looked... well, pretty deserted.  We looked at one another uneasily, but decided to try anyhow.  Now, ladies and gentlemen, I can only say one thing - this place is an absolute dive.  And when I say dive, I MEAN "hole in the wall", only I think this might qualify as a crack in the bricks.  It's small, tiny, incredibly cramped - and yet, they have plenty of room for tables and chairs, a counter, and a HUGE display case full of Mexican desserts and ingredients.  Oh, yeah.  This is going to be good, I know it already.  The experience got off to a great start with homemade chips and spicy salsa verde.  And I do mean SPICY.  Steam was coming out of my ears.  LoML ordered the sopes de pollo loco (marinated chicken), and I ordered 2 chorizo tacos with Mexican rice (arroz).  What came out exceeded our expectations and then some.  The tacos were easily the most flavorful, melt-in-my-mouth deliciousness that I've ever had in my obviously sheltered lifetime.  And the rice was so...freaking....delicious.  Not salty, but not flavorless, either.  LoML's sopes, from what little I tried, was also really good.  The beans were the right consistency (not mushy at all!) and the chicken was incredible.  I'm not at all a fan of Mexican food in general, but these dishes have gone a long way to change my mind.  A LONG way.Best part about it?  Two full meals (and I do mean full, we were stuffed) with drinks and dessert was all of 22 dollars.  From what I hear about the prices at Tortilleria Sinaloa, we couldn't even get close as far as value is concerned.There's no "ambiance" here.  There's no polished wood floors and fancy cocktail glasses, no perky little blonde waitresses, no fancy china or hipster music blaring out of carefully placed speakers.  What you WILL find here is cheap tables and chairs, three sweaty Mexican guys working behind the counter and on the grill (and they were extremely sweet, by the way - very friendly and personable!), and a laptop tuned to Pandora, with a silent TV in the corner showing Telemundo or futbol games.  This place reminds of me old Baltimore - and if you've read my reviews, you know that's exactly what we like and want.  I didn't know that there were other locations.  But this is the one we're going to come to when we want authentic, real Mexican food.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,12/2/2012,19,157,2,2,4>Been to Alewife twice now, once for a couple beers when Heavy Seas was having a cask ale special event there (I'm a firkin fiend!), and more recently to have dinner- with a beer, of course!  The first time, during the imbibing visit, the place was pretty thronged, but we lucked into two seats at the busy and noisy bar.  Service was good despite the crowd, and we met a cool guy who was working his way through their beer club list.  Second time, when we came for dinner we arrived early in the evening since we had an appointment nearby later on.  The place was super dead when we arrived (again on the bar side), but was picking up by the time we left.  Despite the lack of a crowd, service was only so-so, with the waiter falling into one of the cardinal sins of waiting-- being attentive early on, then sort of becoming lackadaisical as our dining experience proceeded.  Can't think of why a waiter would start tanking shortly before tip time... an we're big believers in tipping based on merit!My meal selection was the blue catfish tacos, while wifey had the shrimp and grits.  I'd rate mine pretty good overall, but with the chimichurri sort of dominating and hiding any taste the fish may have had.  On the other hand, wifey's shrimp and grits were outstandingly scrumptious!  A good number of quite large shrimp, complete with heads, in a bowl with gruyere grits and pale ale bbq sauce.  The shrimp was meaty yet quite shrimpy tasting, and the sauce was absolutely delish!  Mine being a light dish, I gladly helped wifey finish off hers.  Yes, what selfless sacrifice on my part!Prices are a tad on the steep side at Alewife, but I suppose they gotta pay for that neat old building they're in.  It's got great atmosphere and character, and combined with a strong beer selection (good ol' mega chalkboard beer list!) and quality food, Alewife earns a "Yay! I'm a fan!" from me!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,12/1/2012,14,131,3,2,3>Been absent from Yelp for a while but since I'm sitting with Sandy, the Frankenstorm, I thought I'd tap out a review on my laptop. There were five of us dining at brunch on a Sunday and we wanted some place different that we had not visited in a while. We came up with the Paper Moon Diner which I was told has been around since 1994. When we arrived there was a long line but only a 30 minute wait. After about 30 minutes, we heard our name called over the intercom and went to to our table located in a cramped corner space. This is a small place with limited seating so you have to be patient and flexible about the seating.The server came immediately and took our drink orders. I ordered the brewed decaf and can say it was real, good and strong. It was an eye lifter on a chilly Sunday afternoon and I needed it to wake up from a long Saturday afternoon. All of us ordered different platters. One person had the veggie sandwich and said it was good. Another had the smoked salmon omelette  filled with salmon, tomatoes, capers and melted Havarti cheese topped with Hollandaise sauce. This was split by two skinny sisters so they happily shared the calories. Another one of my friends had a Captain Charlie's platter which is similar to the Pancake House's  Paul Bunyan platter. This consisted of scrambled eggs, strips of chicken bacon, home fries and two pieces of French toast. This was such a large meal that my friend took home most of the French toast. She said hers was  very good but it was just too much food. I had the spinach, portabello and swiss cheese omelette with home fries and one slice of whole wheat toast. I thought the omelette was perfectly cooked, dry not runny and amply packed with the items shown on the menu. We were not rushed to leave as the place became quieter after 1 pm. We finished our meals, packed up and paid. All in all we had a fine time with good service and tasty breakfast food and said we would return.If you have never been to this diner then you are in for a funky surprise. It's like every piece of junk in Baltimore was given to the owner to display for fun. The bathroom is painted an odd color green and there is a green bust of a hairless woman on the wall. The paper towel dispenser is old, old, old and painted in pink flamingo pink but it works. It is clean and the management provided all of the necessities that a washroom should have.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,11/30/2012,100,100,,9,7>Came by Grace Garden for another Yelper's b'day, and it was really good. Joseph K. wrote a great review, so I'll (try to) keep this short. Basically, it was the most legit Chinese food I've ever had. Well, actually, I know very little about legit Chinese food, but was miles ahead of your standard take out joint and anywhere I've been before. Grace Garden is in a rinky-dink little strip mall and the restaurant itself is far from swanky. But don't let the appearance fool you. Grace Garden is flippin' awesome. (You know a Chinese place is good when it is filled with both Chinese and non-Chinese people.) There are two menus, one western and one traditional. The western menu has your standard Americanized Chinese food: orange chicken, kung pao, etc. We ordered exclusively from the traditional menu and I'm glad we did. Triple Treasure ($13) had beef tongue, tendon, and tripe and was served chilled. It was my first time trying beef tongue and all three were flavorful. The sauce was delicious too. It may be a bit of an adventurous dish, but go for it if you have the chance.The crispy eggplant ($11) was great too. It was super sweet, almost too much so. It was fried perfectly. Eggplant texture was definitely apparent, but the eggplant taste was very light. The braised pork belly ($14) was awesome too. Melt in your mouth tender. Only slightly disappointing dish was the basil chicken ($12). It was good, but a little boring. The flavor just wasn't too exciting. In fact, it tasted more like something off of the western menu. We got the Chinese donut holes ($4.50) for dessert. Very simple, very tasty. Warm, freshly fried dough topped with sugar. Service was very quick and attentive. I didn't love one of the dishes, but overall the food was fantastic and priced very well. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,11/29/2012,99,112,4,5,5>What other bars in Canton can you down $1 jello shots for semi liquid courage and sing your heart out? That would be the one and only Walt's Inn. This is the best Karaoke bar in Canton. If jello shots aren't your thing order a punch bucket and split it with your friends or a karaoke stranger. Your bound to come out of there having a great time with plenty of laughs and maybe even a few new friends. Get your requests in before midnight because sometimes its too crowded to get to everyone's favorite tune. Oh and bathrooms are past the open "stage".
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2012,11/28/2012,240,594,,5,4>Downgraded to 3.5 stars after coming here a few more times...service and food were just not consistent to my first visit!The ambience: clean and classy...yet at the same time it was friendly, welcoming, and fun. They use a lot of colors in their decor and plating which definitely adds to the warm welcome.The food: --the Apps were amazing : I loved the Curry Puffs (perfectly light, puffy, and sweet), Chicken Satay (i never had an opinion about chicken satay because it's chicken satay but here it's HEAVEN), Goong Sarong (shrimp in deep fried rice paper? u cannot go wrong)*notes on my return visit a few months later they were out of most of their appetizers!--the Entrees:everyone loved their dish and we had 8 different things! Favs were the pad thai (simple but delicious) and the green curry (amazing balance of flavors! spot on people)--the Desserts: the mango sticky rice was a huge disappointment (rice was way underdone and hard), but the custard was out of this WORLD. i could see myself going back just for that dessertThe service: spotty. Three of our orders were brought out incorrectly and they accused us of ordering things wrong instead of just fixing them....disappointing!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/27/2012,52,168,5,5,6>If you love dive bars, this may be your Mecca. Strong drinks, odd local art decor (it's walking distance to MICA - and don't miss the Cistene Chapel ceiling recreated on this ceiling!), and a collection of locals that make the Cantina in Star Wars look the a Christian Science Reading Room await! (Okay, it's not crazy like that, but it IS a colorful group). This is a spot for the professional drinker - if you and the family are looking for a quick beer or soda, this is probably not the best place for you. However, if you really want to get to know what the city of Baltimore is all about, this is it. After two (quite) strong cocktails last Saturday I found myself in a deep debate about the direction of the Dutch national soccer team with the gentleman sitting next to me. Still not sure how we got on the subject, but it was a great time.This is one of the cornerstones of the Baltimore bar scene. Just remember to play nice and tip well!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/26/2012,123,196,3,3,3>This review is brought to you by a girl who doesn't even like chicken wings.  The concept boggles my mind... just a little bit of meat on a tiny bone, I'll never get full eating those. Well, wings to go has made me realize why people bother eating "wings".  These were by far the best tiny morsels of chicken I've ever eaten.  I got a bucket of honey bbq and a bucket of hot.  I was told that the medium was tangy and not "hot" at all.  I got a huge container of ranch and blue cheese along with extra sauce to douse them in later if we choose to reheat them.  Like a previous poster said, wings to go is a TO GO place.  I wouldn't really want to eat here anyways.  It's not in the best part of town and it is small inside, nowhere to sit.  Overall, I'd say I will 100% be back for some tasty snacks.  They also make the buckets for parties, sounds like a good party to me!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,11/25/2012,60,102,3,3,3>My go to place for lunch doing the work week. What can I say, it is literally a 2 minute walk away. The food is good, especially considering the price. I usually get a fresh salad from the salad bar, and a two pieces of grilled chicken. Pretty boring but you know trying to watch my girlish figure hahaPlenty of space for everyone and the like I said before, it is inexpensive, under 4 bucks for all my food.I love being in the military, especially when inexpensive food is involved.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,11/24/2012,175,161,16,17,17>This formerly prominent Polish sausage local icon with a non-PC name once had joints all over Baltimore's metro area. Since losing it's meat in a casing major foothold, PJ's dwindled to 3 locales including one at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Too bad because Polock Johnny's has the best don't-give-a-damn-about-being-couture sausages around. Unlike the defunct Lexington Market stall, this Morrell Park location's a full service PJ's offering tidy breakfasts, regular beef 5" hot dogs, Polish sausages, and homemade shakes. My 5" Original Polish ($3.69) was perfectly spiced and prepped. The best way to enjoy a sausage of this caliber's slathered in their "secret" Works sauce. The Ocean City Fries ($2.24) came nicely salted yet under cooked. Mega props to a no-holds-barred Vanilla Shake ($2.75) so frosty & thick a spoon's necessary to engage an initial attack. PJ's truck stop ambiance is proudly unpretentious. Adding a life-sized Spider-Man statue (with dog tags) gave an air of whimsy. Def Leppard's "Pour Some Sugar on Me" pumped over speakers followed by the rhythm & the rhyme of "Ice Ice Baby" created a comically relaxed air in a claustrophobic dining space. But service was serious. With a long line of 11:09am patrons orders were handled expeditiously.Don't be off-put by PJ's name. There's good kielbasa here. PJ's non-PC pose reflects old school Bawlmer's ironic flavor coalesced with old school Bawlmer's don't-give-a-damn-about-being-PC attitude.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,11/23/2012,133,198,2,11,5>I have been waiting for this place to open, more for the beer than the food. For opening night this place was packed but we were able to secure a seat in the front. The area we sat in was very cramped but oh well, used to it at this point. The menu was small and concise and was really geared more towards a pub menu. Do not think that you are coming here and getting food like you would at Jack's Bistro, it is not the same. The Brews:  I started with the Debutante which I have never had before. This beer was a collaboration with Brewers Art.  It was a delicious and I really enjoyed this beer on the hot day. Next I went on to beers I have had previously, Existent and Stateside Saison. Both are delicious and I really like Existent. It is dark in color but light in taste. Definitely try it. You may also purchase pitchers of beer here but it is limited to the first four selections on the beer menu. There are also some other micro brews on tap but who cares, you should be there for the Stillwater Ales! You may also purchase bottled beers to go. Additionally on top of all the beer on tap they had 2 wines and a coffee beverage...I will definitely try that next time.The Food:  The food was pretty good and very reasonably priced. We had the Korean Pancake and the Beer Cheese soup. If you don't like spicy, don't get the pancake. It just so happens I love spicy foods so this was up my alley. This was a pancake topped with pulled pork butt, a soy sauce, a light cream sauce of some kind, jalapenos, and cilantro. It was delicious. The beer soup was made out of one of the beers and was delicious, even for a hot day. My wife and I both got burgers. She had the French one with poached pear, brie and bacon and I had the Premium burger which was topped with Stillwater Cheese.  The French burger was great and mine was just OK. They were both cooked properly but mine was just sort of there, it didn't really wow me. The roll was the best part. It was a house made multigrain croissant and it was awesome.  The burgers came with fries and they were just sort of OK as well. They needed some salt and pepper or an aioli (They were wedge style fries so they were pretty thick).Service: The service at first was a little slow because it was packed after we got there and it was one waiter dealing with 7 or 8 tables all packed in a tight area. I am not sure they were expecting a crowd of that size either. As the evening went on more servers appeared to help so I am assuming a later shift of more people arrived or they called more people in. Opening night I expect things to be a little bumpy.Overall Of Love and Regret was worth the visit. This place will definitely be a popular spot in Canton and I will definitely return to drink and maybe for a bite to eat. Also, be prepared it was very loud in there, but that was part of the atmosphere; very upbeat and a lot of people having fun drinking some awesome brews. Cheers!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,11/22/2012,39,123,,4,3>Yelp does it again! I searched "lunch" in Towson, MD and Pollo Amigo came up. After reading some of the reviews I knew this was going to be good. As others have suggested, this is a hole in the wall with a limited menu, but it sure does pack a punch. The restaurant has minimal tables inside so don't be shocked if you are obligated to "carry-out". I opted for the  1/2 chicken ($8), which came with a combination of white and dark meat as well as two sides of your choice. I opted for the classic rice and beans. The spice rubbed rotisserie style chicken was delicious! The chicken had the perfect amount of spice, with crispy skin and juicy flesh. The rice and beans were also very good - a perfect accompaniment to the flavorful chicken. The platter also includes a spicy green sauce and zesty white sauce, both work harmoniously with the chicken, rice and beans. In short, this place is the real deal for chicken. Great lunch spot that is off the beaten path.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/21/2012,92,83,5,8,5>First off, the Village Square Cafe is a lifesaver on the weekend.  Something about the weekend makes me crave a full, delicious breakfast of pancakes, eggs, bacon, etc.  One problem with this is I'm not a morning person, and I don't feel like making diddly squat when I wake up.  The other problem is that I usually wake up starving, and I need food FAST.  I used to be faced with the dilemma of choosing where to eat AND wait.  Could I handle an hour wait at Miss Shirley's, two hours at Blue Moon, or maybe 30-45 minutes at Paper Moon?  Which place would I deem worthy of the wait on that particular day?Eventually, I decided to look on Yelp to see if there was a place that served breakfast and was also close to my house.  Thanks to Yelp I discovered the Village Square Cafe!  I told my boyfriend we were trying something different, and we made the less than 10 minute drive there. When we got there, we were able to walk right on up to the counter to order our food.  Ordering food right away on a Saturday morning?  No lines or a ridiculous wait?  I thought that maybe I was dreaming, but after giving my arm a sharp pinch, I confirmed that it was indeed reality.  The cafe has indoor and outdoor seating, but you must order your food at the counter first.  If you choose to dine in, you will get a number to put on your table so the wait staff can find you.I ordered the Western Omelette (ham, peppers, onions, and cheddar) and it came with breakfast potatoes and toast.  My boyfriend ordered a Reuben, and it came with fries.  For both of us, the total came to around $25.  It only took around 10-15 minutes for our food to be brought out.  I was tempted to pinch my arm one more time to make sure I was awake, but I decided to feed face instead.  To my delight, the food was really good!   Everything was freshly made, and the portions were quite large for the price.  My omelette was chock full of ingredients, and I got plenty of breakfast potatoes.  The toast was average, but it's not like I expected show-stopping, draw-dropping toast.   My boyfriend's sandwich looked tasty (I don't like Reubens, so I didn't try it), and his fries were hand-cut and yummy.  Both of us were very satisfied with our meals.  Plus it only took maybe an hour at most for us to get there, park, eat, and leave.Since our initial visit, we have been back to the Village Square Café over a dozen times.  Out of those visits, we still have never had to wait to order, and it continues to take 15 minutes at most to get our food.  As I wrap up this review, there are a few things I'd like to add:-There's a full bar.-Breakfast is served all day (there's hope after a late start!)-There is a freezer with ice cream novelties.-They close at 3pm during the week, but 8pm on the weekends.In conclusion, I highly recommend the Village Square Café, and it is a great alternative to Miss Shirley's on the weekend.  Good food without the wait!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,11/20/2012,33,70,,5,2>Location:Harbor East on a one-way street with plenty of metered parking around.Atmosphere:Not as trendy as XS (N. Charles Street), but very comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.  It's actually bright enough for me to read the menu without holding a candle to it (like XS) and seems to have a three (3) defined spaces: bar, sushi bar, and dining room.  I would say it's more of a casual feeling...and there's outside sidewalk seating for those nice days!Service:Our waitress, FELICIA, was wonderful!  Very attentive without being overly attentive and hounding.  Gave great recommendations on food (including what to add or remove from some of the sushi rolls to give it a better taste) and drinks.Food:As someone who is mixed with Asian (Japanese), I am very particular about sushi.  My argument is, if I want authentic sushi, I'll go to my grandmother.  Also, since I am allergice to avocado and I don't eat pork, ginger and wasabi and don't drink sake (weird, right?!), my experience with sushi has to be a little different from everyone else's.  But, THE FOOD IS AMAZING!  Everything we ordered, we fell in love with: Viva Las Vegas Roll (like a piece of sinful deliciousness in your mouth!), Salmon Asparagus Roll (with fresh pieces of salmon and fresh, green aspargus), Grilled Short Ribs (grilled just right without being too tough or chewy), Calamari Tempura (large, long pieces of squid, unlike the small rings you get at other restaurants), Spicy Seasame Chicken Wings (fried until the skin is crunchy; hate soggy/soft skin on fried wings), Yellowtail Nigiri (definitely fresh).  The Blushing Geisha and White Sake Sangria are both very taste and the Emperor's Cucumberita is a very interesting concept (just make sure you like cucumbers!)I will MOST DEFINITELY be returning here.  I have now found my new favorite sushi restaurant in Charm City :-)
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,11/19/2012,85,225,,3,4>Iggies... I love you, and not not just because your pizza is amazing, you're BYOB and you cater to my favorite four legged friends... Wait... Actually that IS pretty much why I love you, but allow me to elaborate. The pizza is amazing with plenty of options to choose from such as Arugula and Riccotta or my personal favorite, the spicy sausage. The owners are friendly and you have the option of dining outside with your canine kin or inside where large windows flood the restaurant with beautiful natural light. I can imagine no better way to spend a beautiful Sunday afternoon than enjoying a slice (or 4) and a glass of your favorite white.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/18/2012,119,457,4,4,5>I went to Stevenson but had never really bothered coming into this store as a student (even a student of legal drinking age). As a "real" adult, I've never been there and not been carded (and I'm old enough now that there's no confusing me for a college student anymore... sigh...) so it is kind of odd that this place is so close to a college campus, yet seems very vigilant about checking ID. I mean, I guess keeping your liquor license is always a good call, but it doesn't seem like this is a college kid liquor store.The staff has always been friendly. The store is somewhat small, but they have a decent selection, and most importantly, they're the ONLY liquor store I've been to that carries my absolute favorite Moscato, which I had originally only had because my dad is a distributor and had gotten a bottle to try. I think I might have actually done a little dance in the aisle when I saw it. For that reason alone, I will be back, and often!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,11/17/2012,43,146,2,3,3>Had the Dahb pizza - Italian tomatoes and mozzarella cheese, marinated grilled eggplant, roasted red peppers, hot peppers, fresh garlic and sun-dried tomatoe.Very good but I think the pizzas are a little high priced for what you get. The crust was soft and very flavorful but the toppings were chunked really too big and were not evenly spread out so it was almost impossible to get all of the flavors in one normal sized bite. But we were also seated right away and had plenty of space with our tot. And again, the $3 per person cork fee is ridiculous- It's bad enough that as a couple we pay $6 for our bottle (which honestly is probably only a $10 bottle anyway!!) it should be per table or per bottle. Think about it - a table of 4 would have to pay $12 to open their bottle wine- that's crazy.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,11/16/2012,98,33,21,6,7>If you are from Baltimore and you love your city ... this is a top 10 place to go.Almost ALL those who live outside or have never been in our bubble, have no idea what the hell Pit Beef is.  I dated a girl from the mid west who when she first visited Baltimore asked me to take her to a good place to eat that was unique to our town.  When she saw the strip club she flipped out.  After I calmed her down, I explained that I was actually taking her to the shack in the parking lot.  She looked it over ... saw the rubber clear windows and began to hit me.I left her in the car.  Ran inside and ordered fries with gravy.  Three minutes later I returned to the car and handed her the soggy goodness covered in salt that I added.She didn't know what to make of it because Fries with Gravy, like our beloved pit meats, are an unknown concept in most other parts of our world.  She looked unsure about trying it but I think the smell was to much for her and she dug in.Needless to say ... she was in love.  With the food, not me.  We went in and feasted on Beef and Ham combos.  Her appreciation would live on for some time.  She dumped me about a year later, but every trip she made to Baltimore included a trip to Chaps.  She probably still goes there when she comes to town.  Lucky for me its some other poor sap ... she was evil!I never stopped going there, which should show you how much Chaps food means to me ... its so good that heartbreak can't even stand in its way.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/15/2012,381,200,4,6,6>An Elephant's Trunk full of.........stuff, not junk.....it's a consignment shop people!For hoarders this place is a dream, packed from room to room ceiling to ceiling. In a clean freak frame of mind this place may give you a panic attack and claustophobia. The items here are used/preowned with minimal wear or tear. I saw some boys shirts for about $5 and so forth. Endless clothing items, shoes, purses, and even a toy section in the back. Cool place for the right consumers. I was surprised by the amount of parents inside. I guess that's how some people save money and they don't have to know it's used.I spotted a brand new pair of ice skates! old school G.I. Joe toys....I was in awe, but didn't need anything from the Elephant Trunk at the time, so I just wandered through the tight historic house.Check out the pictures I've posted, I snuck them.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,11/14/2012,33,90,4,5,2>Some other reviewers suspect that Nick's secret rub may contain certain illicit substances, and after trying their rotisserie for the first time recently, I'm a believer as well.This chicken is pretty effin good!  So good that I ate the the entire half-chicken order with mac and corn muffin in about 15 minutes flat .  The rub is amazingly tasty and the meat was very tender.  Mac was not overly cheesy but very satisfying, and the corn muffin wasn't stellar but still good.  This place is definitely a hole in the wall with only a few stools, so plan on taking your food to go.  The neighborhood is a little rougher around the edges than your typical Fed Hill/Harbor/Fells destinations, but in my opinion it's worth the trek (plus, it's easier to park).
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,11/13/2012,80,198,5,5,6>Ropewalk... way to walk the tight rope of Fed Hill bars!When you first walk into Ropewalk you think ohh crap this place is uber small, but then you see extra rooms for dining, gaming (pool tables, skee ball!! yes i know skee ball!) and a seperate bar area. So overall they have decent space. We came here on a Tuesday night and on Tuesdays they have 35 cent wings! Jackpot I know! We sat in the back and enjoyed, beer (Shock top was $2.50 specials) and as many wings as we could stuff in our face!The beer selection is decent, I only saw around 3-5 differant draft beers (standards here, bud, coors, etc etc) but they have two seperate coolers where they house craft brew bottles. Coolers had a decent selection, but its hard to look through haha (lazy i know, but I have wings to eat!)The wings, the main reason for coming here! They almost have 10 or so sauces you can pick from and they offer wet and dry wings! So if you only like dry rub wings then you golden or if you want wet saucy wings your golden as well! The sauce selection was solid. Our party ordered a range of flavours, from BBQ, Bourbon and finally the Raven. Our favorite by far was the Raven! It is honey BBQ sauce, then Hot BBQ saunce, and then they throw the wings on the grill to sear in the hot and sweet flavour! Great taste and you can actually see grill marks on the wings. The wings themselves were not bad either, ok sized nothing huge but nothing too small, I mean for 35 cents what do you expect! The meat was nice and none of the wings seemed old or just sitting there, but we did come on wing night and just about everyone in the place was eating wings!Lastly the service. It was actually good, normally at a bar during wing nights the service is spotty, but our waiter was always around and came back quick with beers or answers to questions. So overall Ropewalk was a great find, good food, decent beer and decent service you can't beat that! So remember the wet naps and wear your bib because we are throwing out the diet tonight! Cheers mates!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,11/12/2012,50,112,16,5,4>Oh God the fried chicken is so good here and it is so cheap!! I picked up a leg, breast, 8 oz coleslaw and bottle of grape soda for about $5 or $6; I could have gotten much more bang for my buck if I opted for one of their meal deals with fries and additional chicken but I'm still happy with what I paid. They fry the chicken right then and there - it is so freaking scalding hot that you can drive 15 minutes home and it is still perfect by the time you get there. I lost a few layers of skin trying to gnaw on a chicken leg in the parking lot before I left; I just couldn't wait... chew through the pain, people. They pack it in an open brown bag inside a plastic bag so it doesn't get all mushy. Ask for some hot sauce too... this chicken is the freakin' TRUTH and that is not just the pregnancy hormones talking. As Kia said, they make it rain crack-salt all over your chicken as soon as they take it out of the fryer... yeeesssss. They had fried okra, chicken livers and gizzards (totally picking some up for grandma next time) corn fritters and hushpuppies. All things good and golden and fried reside here. Now to be honest, I'm not trying to get caught up here super late at night. I came in straight from work all suited up and got a few "Dang, this blonde girl must be lost" looks on the way in. The staff dropped a couple of f-bombs to each other and I had to use my greasy chicken covered fingers to clutch my pearls, but WHATEVER - don't care. Chicken. Is. Good.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/11/2012,154,580,3,7,4>Ahoy! I've been eye balling this place since it opened and I'm really glad that Jen M. suggested this place for brunch. Pirates and brunch in the Burnie?  I won't lie, it is VERY out of the way. This place is a Glen Burnie gem.  It is tucked away in a residential neighborhood off of route 2 and Furnace Branch Road. While it might be out of the way, it is worth the trip.  Cantler's in Annapolis is the same way.  It's probably a 10 min cab ride from the Coast Guard Base in Curtis Bay.  GPS works well in guiding you to this place. Rumor has it that it's affiliated with the Iron Bridge Wine Bar in Columbia...  Rum in Glen Burnie and Wine in Columbia....pure awesomeness.If you like earning rewards by drinking and eating your way there.  This is the place to be.  They have "Rum Club" where you can earn a free dinner for 10 after you have had all 145 varieties of rum they have.  Now I signed up for the challenge, but I wussed out and just had the dark rum flight.  All of these were very tasty. The one from Nicaragua was my favorite.Contrary to what you are thinking the food here is excellent.  It's not greasy bar food at all.  All of their food is made from fresh ingredients.  The fish tacos were amazing.  The fish was fresh and the fix'ns and sauce were great.  I believe all of their sauces are made in house. We also devoured a dozen of Choptank oysters in about 7 minutes....those were amazing as well.  Not only was the food good, but it was CHEAP!  I think I only spent about $30 there. This place is definitely a local dive.  But its a very well decorated dive.  You will definitely feel like you are at Tiki bar in Caribbean. The wood decor and the Nautical Theme will make you want to grab yourself a peg leg and an eye patch. So does anyone else think that Urban Pirates in Fell's Point should make a stop here on their daily cruises?  That would be outta control!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,11/10/2012,59,224,3,3,2>Date visited: 7/25/12By the slice, made to order:I've been a bad boy.... should have written this review days, no weeks, no months ago... so sorry Yelp!!!So Sheri and I found ourselves down in Fells Point about and hour prior to July's Elite Event: Yelp's Light Bright Night, so what do I do just prior to having awesome BBQ and dance the evening away... get a slice of pizza so I can review BOP...lol!!!I'm an instant fan of any decent pizza parlor where you can get a hot crispy "Slice" of pizza, even better this was a "Slice" made to order!!! Yuppers, that's right a slice made to order.I ordered a slice of Spicy Italian Sausage (see the picture). The crust was nice and crispy, just the way I "LOVE" it. The sausage, while a little light on the amount, was awesomely delicious!!! If they would have loaded the slice, I probably would have given them 5-stars.My wife is a huge fan of Birch Beer soda... well when she saw BOP had that she broke down a had me order her some. She was in olde tyme soda heaven...LOL!!As Guy Fieri says "That's Killer"!!!!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/9/2012,178,175,3,4,2>Upon entering you want to take in the whole spot.  The decor is rich, dark in hues and woodsy.  The lighting is some what dim but, who's afraid of ambiance?  Not I.During my visit I had the verde chicken flatbread (delicious but, a bit sloppy...i found myself wanting a fork), Roasted Red Pepper Hummus (velvety & savory), the pollo picado tacos(perfect portions, clean flavors and satisfying), carnitas tacos(great tender porky goodness), & the yellow fin tuna stack for starters(juicy, fresh and left me wanting more).   As far as drinks, this go around I did not have a seat at one of the few tables that have taps. I'd suggest you go with a group who will cover every bit of the tab because the fluid ounces are tracked by the main bar.  Once you're done sipping you are then furnished with your final tap tab.   The tortoise creek, central valley Chardonnay was buzzworthy.  Although  my Natty Boh tasted "sanitary" (I don't know if the glass was super clean, new or what) for lack of a better word, my Zonin italy Prosecco split was fab. For dessert I had the Gooey butter cake which i'd push over 4 nuns, a puppy and a priest to get to. :) Just reading and based off of this visit I want to go again.I am plenty excited to check them out on a Brunch sunday...Can you say bottomless mimosas?!*cheers*
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/8/2012,197,128,12,6,4>What better way to explain the divine necessity of this timeless noshtown classic, than some YELPY MAD LIBS!!?!! So, here we go:You wake up in your _____ (bed/car/birthday suit) at the beginning of a _____ (Saturday morning/mid-life crisis/raging bender), overwhelmed by your _____ (hunger/receding hairline/crippling hangover), and decide the only cure is some solid comfort food.Enter Broadway Diner: the go-to destination for all things "yum". As you _____ (sashay/meander/stumble) to your table with your _____ (friends/tennis instructor/flask of Ketel One), the tantalizing smells of sizzling bacon and savory hashbrowns waft through the room. Claiming your throne, you peruse the vast archives of grub that make up their menu. Fear not, young_____ (Padawan/20-something-arm-candy-sitting-next-to-­that-old-guy/party rocker), you could blindfold yourself and point, and be happy with the result. Breakfast, lunch, or dinner, this place knows how to deliver. You order the _____ (veggie egg-white omelette/Belgian Waffle with whipped cream & strawberries/heaping pile of sausage, fried eggs, and hash), and wait _____ (patiently/hornily/passed-out-in-the-creamer-bowl) for your meal to arrive. When it does, you eagerly delve into the joys at hand, and find you have never had a more _____ (delicious/revitalizing/self-deprecating) experience at a diner. Gathering your _____ (purse/trophy wife/remnants of self-esteem), you exit the shining doors of Foodtopia, glad you made the wise executive decision to pay BD a long overdue visit.~FIN~
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,11/7/2012,42,42,2,5,3>Run, do not walk to Luigi's. The best sandwiches I've had in a long long time!  I can't wait to go back and try some other varieties. For my first trip I ordered The Scooch = paper thin Italian meats, balsamic, and the best sandwich bread I've had in years.The BF ordered the Marcela = thin sliced beef, cheese and olive oil. Everything was fresh and the flavors were distinct and complimentary, nothing overpowered anything else.Perfect sandwich harmony! You can really tell the owners care because they choose quality ingredients (like the olive oil) that they could easily scrimp on. The have plenty of seating inside and out. I can't believe what a transformation they've made to the old Lovelyarns space. You can eat out on the front porch or in the back patio. Best part is you can shoot right over to The Wine Source to pick up some wine if you're taking your sandwich/salads to go! And I can't wait to try some of their imported dry goods and sodas. You can also simply order deli meat and cheese to make your own sandwiches at home and I believe they do antipasti trays for parties too.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,11/6/2012,27,113,5,13,7>In the Baltimore Holy Trinity of great Italian delis, Di Pasqualli's is the Father; Mastellone's the Son and Trinacria the Holy Ghost due to its out of the way location. But Mastellone's remains my favorite of the three.There's some sort of common ownership between Di Pasqualli's and Mastellone's and Di Pasqualle's has a larger inventory and selection but the quality of the same homemade menu items is always better at Mastellone's. I always buy their meat sauce to freeze at home for a quick and delicious pasta dinner. Awesome Italian delicatessen and they even have real Jamon (Spanish dry cured ham) which is almost impossible to find in the states. Their Pasta Fazool soup is available frozen too and is always a treat to eat at home without the hours of prep time making it yourself takes. Similar high marks for the lasagna and eggplant parmigiana. And they have a wonderful selection of olive oils.But let me wax rhapsodical about the meatball sandwich...  The old school Baltimore meatball sub was traditionally a typical Baltimore sub roll from which the bread was removed from the interior and then filled with meatballs and provolone cheese and the bread filling that was removed used as a cap to hold the filling in the roll. At Mastellone's, they use half an Italian loaf of bread that is made in Brooklyn and the proofs finished in the store for maximum freshness. Filled with wonderful meatballs and fresh homemade mozzarella, then capped with the bread removed, the sandwich is enormous. And only 8 bucks! One meatball sandwich from Mastellone's is a full day's worth of eating!I agree with reviewer ChaCha C. that Harford Road in Baltimore has many great places to discover and Mastellone's is one of the best.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,11/5/2012,19,86,2,4,3>We tried Baba's because of its win for best Middle Eastern Food in the Baltimore City Paper's most recent Best of Baltimore.  I'm new in town and have not yet determined where best to go for my falafel-and-hummus fix, and that accolade made this place go to the top of my to-try list.  Baba's definitely lives up to its great reputation.As other reviewers have mentioned, it's tiny--there appeared to be four tables (two may have been pushed together) and a little counter space (where we sat) in the place.  The tables are made of recycled bowling lanes, which was kind of a neat idea--and the interior in general was really lovely, with brightly painted recycled tin ceiling tiles on the wall, a really gorgeous well-used but well-cared-for wood floor, and very attractive bright square plates making a big impact.  On a Tuesday night, Baba's seemed to have about as much business as it could hope for, with an endless parade of people coming up to the counter to pick up or order carry out, and every table filling up the second it emptied.  It felt pleasantly hopping and not unpleasantly swamped, if that makes any sense.  To get a feel for the place (and to make sure you don't drive past it), I recommend checking out the pictures on their website, which also show how they made it into the space it is now.The menu is pretty short and covers the essentials well.  My fiance and I ordered the Med-ley and the falafel in particular was excellent.  He got the lamb and I got the chicken for entrees, and both were very good.  The dill-yogurt sauce that came with the lamb was particularly good (full disclosure: I am an unrepentant dill addict, and can claim no objectivity on matters dill-related).  We were also impressed that they carried bottles of Harney & Sons tea--which we didn't know existed despite routinely bankrupting ourselves replenishing our supplies of loose tea from the same company.  I ordered the special, an orange blossom iced tea, which was delicious, too.  After he came over to us and asked us to try his new spicy peanut hummus recipe (which was really good, and I don't usually like flavored hummus), I chatted a little with the proprietor.  He has given himself the title of Chief Falafel Officer and is an amiable guy, and after reading his bio on the menu and figuring out we'd lived in similar places, it felt appropriate to hail a fellow upstate NYer.  It was really nice to be in a place where such an exchange was possible--because he was there with a couple other guys, right at the front counter where he could ring up and talk to most of the customers, a flurry of activity as he went between that and checking on food.  He didn't strike me as the sort of person who would have started a long conversation with us had we wished to be left alone, though, which is important to the relatively introverted.  The only thing that wasn't ideal about this place, from my perspective, was the hummus--which I wouldn't call a criticism because I am extremely persnickety and like really smooth, really salty, lemony hummus, and that is not what Baba's serves.  You can tell the ingredients are good, and see bits of the chick peas from whence it came yet in the final ingredient, but it's a little without bite for what I have gotten it into my head is the Platonic Form of hummus.  You, dear reader, may very well love it madly if you do not share my hangups.  At any rate.  We're looking forward to going back and trying dessert sometime.  Oh!  It's low on my radar because it doesn't effect me personally, but those who need their food gluten-free will find straightforward options clearly marked on this menu.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/4/2012,39,78,,4,4>I have become a HUGE fan of Bluestone. A few years ago Bluestone's food had declined, was overpriced and nothing special but a little over a year ago or so that all changed. It has become my go to place for a consistently great meal in the county. The service is excellent and everyone is so accommodating and friendly. They have a great area to sit outside and eat. It is covered and has a nice breeze. You really cant go wrong with anything on the menu-starting with the bread! I am OBSESSED with their Gulf Shrimp Tacos-the citrus slaw and cilantro puree is just lick the plate good! If you haven't had them go,run and get them now! They are AMAZING! They have fantastic salads, the fried green tomatoes, boardwalk shrimp (really different and good and big enough to have as a meal), scallops, rockfish and crab cakes are all some of my favorites. They have a great wine and beer selection and they also have bottles of wine at the bottom of their menu that are amazing and really well priced.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,11/3/2012,93,214,,5,4>This is my new favorite place to eat! I had the BEST food here last night! We asked the server for recommendations, and he said to go with three plates per person. We ordered eight plates because one of us was a child and all of us were very happy with the experience. We tried the following dishes:- Coconut soup - creamy delish goodness.  I could have had ten of them!- smoked mozzarella ravioli smothered in mushrooms, bacon and spinach- ahi tuna with a crispy rice cake and subtle vanilla soy broth- scallops with roasted carrots and cauliflower- shrimp served on an amazing zucchini fritter- ricotta gnocci with asparagus, creme freche and balsamic vin. - kobe steak with a perfectly cheesy crispy potato au gratin cake- pork tenderloin with diced apples, crispy pork belly and caramelized onions.As I was writing out the above list, I couldn't remember which I liked more because they were all melt in your mouth amazing. For dessert, we had the blueberry almond sponge cake served with toasted coconut ice cream and the upside down pineapple cake served with salted caramel ice cream. The deserts were both so good that I actually considered having someone hold up a napkin so I could lick the plate.The location is confusing for first timers. Demi is a tapas restaurant in the basement of the restaurant Crush. So, when you call they say "Crush and Demi". When you are on the street, you will only see the name "Crush" on the building.Our daughter enjoyed the experience because we pre-sold it to her as "you are now old enough to try fancy exotic food that stars like Selena Gomez eat" I would never bring a younger version of her to this place. She is finally old  enough to politely dislike something, which happened a couple times. But she also enjoyed the small bite experience and found a new love of scallops.The portions are small bites. So, if you are one of those peeps that requires a pound of meat and a bowl of potatoes, go somewhere else! This place is not for you!I tried a cocktail that was tasty, but definitely as close to a virgin as I like to get. Next time, I will order a glass of wine - the list was long and lovely.I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/2/2012,34,79,5,4,3>Go eat here. That's all I have to say about that.Ok I will say a little more. It is an add-on to a gas station. Order your food, fill up, grab a drink in the convenience store, and then head home for an amazing meal.The parking is bad and the place is small, but none of that matters. It's good and you would be a fool not to go here and eat.Lick your fingers when you're done. And plan your next trip to go back, because you will want to go back. Unless of course you don't like good food. Hey, people like that do exist.Mmm carne asada....I think my car needs gas...
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,11/1/2012,33,125,,5,5>I love it here. Best pizza in Baltimore for sure.If you want greasy, foldable slices, go elsewhere. These are thin crust, browned and crisp squares cut from a rectangular pizza served on what looks like a window screen on top of an Asian-inspired ceramic platter. I honestly haven't ever sampled any of their other offerings (though I hear they're well worth trying) because as soon as I think about Joe Squared, I salivate over their pizza pies. The mushroom is earthy and herby and so good, the flag pizza allows a set of crowd-pleasing tastes that will make you glad the square slices divide up evenly, the Greek is fresh and complex. I could go on. I won't.Hipster atmosphere, sure, but it's backed up with delicious food, friendly and diligent service, live music, and an eclectic drink menu. It gets damn crowded later in the evening, especially on the weekends. Parking around the restaurant is a little special. It's worth it to wait for a table for the food. Crispin! Hendricks for Hendricks and tonic! Yay!Someone try a couple of the risottos and get back to me.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/31/2012,35,123,2,4,3>I love this place.  I really do.It's a little pricey for the dining room, but the happy hour is where it's at.  The decor is beautiful contemporary, they have $3-5 food specials and the best part - drink specials on their dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives!  (there are other drink specials too, but why bother)  The martinis are great, but what really sets them apart are the blue cheese stuffed olives.  I've had blue cheese stuffed olives before, and I'm not sure what it is that sets these apart, but they're just so darn good.  Be careful though - they're strong!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,10/30/2012,46,133,4,4,3>Uhhh, hell yeah! There are lots of reviews on this place so I'll give a nitty gritty.-Great selection of single bottle beers to make mixed packs, a whole normal sized isle worth with tons of breweries.-Half an isle long humidor with decent cigars that aren't marked over normal retail.-Great selection of liquor.-More notable they have some great whiskies you won't find at run of the mill liquor stores, same with a few bourbons.  -Multiple check out lanes.This place will get you drunk. yay.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/29/2012,67,45,4,4,6>Oriole Park at Camden Yards is the place to be when you are a huge baseball fan.  The Yankees stadium might be it for New Yorkers, but true blood Marylanders its Camden Yards hon that marks the glory days of Baseball.  First, I would like to say thank you to the group ticketing department that made our Annual Picnic and Game Night stress free and fun for our company, clients and guest.  Well to emphasize how good their customer service was, our 163 people guest list only had positive feedbacks coming through my inbox.  We had reserved originally only for 130 guest, but as the week of the event came closer I found myself continuously adding more folks to our list.  Oriole's guest services took care of our every request with such professionalism and followed through with every small detail planned for our big group event.  We had reserved the entire Bullpen Picnic Area and were served with of unlimited beer, ice cold sodas, pulled pork BBQ that was slow cooked and tender, piled high on a Keiser Roll.  How about some good old fashioned grilled hot dogs with lots of ketchup, mustard and relish so delish, yes onions too just don't sit next to me.  We also had unlimited fresh pasta salad, seasonal vegetables, coleslaw, kettle chips, sliced watermelon, and freshly baked assorted cookies all for $39 per person, including game tickets.   Not bad huh?  You bet it's a great deal.   Camden Yards Park also has smaller private suites that you can rent out for a more intimate party or a table for two for a more memorable special anniversary or date night.   There were several game nights that fireworks displays marked as finale of the evening.  Just recently we experienced a spectacular firework display around the end of August when Orioles and Blue Jays played.  That night Chris Davis scored five straight home runs if I recalled correctly.  No dull moments at the Oriole Park at Camden Yards.  If you haven't seen a live baseball game this season it's not too late.  You owe it to yourself to put a big check mark on your bucket list to see a live game at the Oriole Park Camden Yards.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/28/2012,182,475,,5,4>Aww yes the Get Down!  Seems like for the past 3 weeks I have been partying here :)  So I reserved VIP once again last Saturday, this time in the back corner area.  Laura greeted me at the door and told me she got our favorite server, Melissa, for the night.  I was so happy as Melissa has served us twice before and does a hell of good job.  We were also given a complimentary bottle of champagne which was a surpriseOnly issue was that the A/C where we were sitting at was not working properly and it was HOTTTTT.  Music was poppin thanks to DJ Harry Hotter.  Always an awesome crowd!!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,10/27/2012,113,165,,7,3>I have to agree with Rob W.  Finally a good froyo place!  I've tried all of the other self service froyo places in the area and am just not a fan.  I don't like original tart or any of the fruit flavors.  Give me oreo, cheesecake, peanut butter, red velvet, and chcolate, please!  Yogi Castle delivers because about half of the flavors are original tart or fruit and the others are fun sweeter flavors.  My personal favorite is 75% peanut butter and 25% cookies and cream with an assortment of toppings.  They have a huge selection of toppings to choose from.  Only negative is that there isn't much seating inside so when I've gone, we either eat outside or take it to go.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,10/26/2012,12,34,3,4,4>This place is hands down amazing! The owners are so nice, they talk to us all the time, give us great food, and it's just amazing!French Dip there is, hands down, one of my favorites. That with some Tater Tots, it's fantastic! Dip the tater in the sauce for the french dip, AHHHHHmazing!&Their desserts? Holy hell. Their cheesecake is my favorite! It's dense, lemony, &heavenly! They also have a walnut roll, it's like baklava, but it's walnuts instead!If you're ever in Laurel on Rt 1, take a little detour there&buy some damn good food!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/25/2012,747,595,4,8,8>For a child or adult, a large flying aircraft descending from miles away and landing nearly 100 yards away from you is a sight to experience once in your life. This park offers a unique experience no other local park has.Family friendly, a playground overlooks a scenic field , with paths connecting you to the B & A Trail, you will find that there is much more than just plane / bird watching to do at this park. Benches, and a parking lot face the field and play areas and is great for all ages to enjoy, 5 stars great for a free activity.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/24/2012,31,103,3,7,5>Winner, winner lamb gyro dinner! The lamb gyro platter ($8) is absolutely piled with a mountain full of tender, juicy lamb gyro over a bed of buttery rice. The Greek salad side had generous chunks of feta cheese. The fries were seasoned extremely well---so much so that I did not even need ketchup. As Matt L. stated, the platter is huge and a great value. This is definitely one of the top Greek places around!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,10/23/2012,21,61,5,4,4>To review or not to review: that is the question.Whether tis nobler in the mind to extolThe virtues and merits of a charm city gemOr to tiptoe around a chorus of YelpersAnd through silence, preserve them?...A store. A museum. A junk shop. A jeweler. A glorified hoarder? Maybe all of the above ;)Part curio shop and part antique store, The Antique Man is a great place to spend a few lazy weekend hours. While you can certainly come here for furniture and curios, the true value of this place (and the inspiration behind my Hamlet-esque soliloquy) is in their vast collection of costume jewelry. This is the best place to score unheard of deals on classic and unique vintage pieces. In particular, I refer you to a large table in the front center of the store holding a mishmash of rings, bracelets, necklaces, watches, etc... for $1. Numerous glass display cases hold even more options at higher price points, but never outrageous. So shop away my fellow fashionistas, shop away!Hours (only downside to this place): Saturday and Sunday, 1pm-5pm. The Antique Man is truly Baltimore's museum of oddities. Little snippets of time- preserved for all to see. Who needs a time machine?
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/22/2012,71,270,4,6,3>I am craving The Cow so badly right now. I decided to read the Yelp reviews about The Cow out of curiosity- Is anyone else as crazy about their peanut butter ice as I am? I typed "Dairy Fresh" into the Yelp search bar...because to my knowledge, that's what it's really called- but it seems they've actually changed their name to "The Cow" ?! If this is true- then it's a.) hilarious and b.) about time! If you're from Reisterstown, you've given directions using The Cow as a reference point because of the enormous cow out front (If you've passed the cow you've gone too far!)Anyway, onto the ice:If you're someone who doesn't get along so well with dairy, like me- The Cow is your savior. Their ices are not like other ices I've had before (not like Ritas and not like a snowcone and not like Italian Ice). The peanut butter ice is so creamy and delicious that its hard to believe its dairy free. Don't be afraid to try the other 'weird' flavors either! For me, the kid-sized ice is the perfect amount. My mom swears by their vanilla custard. On a hot day the lines will be long, but it's worth it!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/21/2012,75,55,2,3,3>I like The Wine Source.  The beer selection is extensive but it is stale, not as in actually bad, but boring and doesn't ever change.  They have the classic overpriced and under-tasty imports. The domestic beer selection is very nice as is their build your own sixpack section.  I like that they have a good section of Rose wine, wine stores never carry that, and no, Franzia is not a Rose...They have a great scotch and whiskey section (never looked at other spirits) and it is priced competitively.  As other reviewers have noted PARKING SUCKS.  I normally illegally park in the lot across the street, I don't necessarily condone breaking the rules, but whatever.In the front they also have a nice cheese section along with normal cocktail fare, olives, crackers, and charcuterie. Don't miss the weekly specials section!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,10/20/2012,92,183,,8,3>Grandson's birthday always is an adventure so what better place to celebrate than Red Zone Adventures. When we arrived we were escorted to one of the birthday rooms. You could bring in your own cake, snacks and balloons. Outside drinks except for water are really not allowed. It doesn't really matter because pizza and sodas for the party are included as well as all the paper products and covers for the tables. There are several tables set up in the room and enough for all the kids and an extra one for the gifts. There was a counter for the food. The staff was extremely young and full of energy. I believe this must be one of the considerations when hiring as the place is full of kids and it is very loud. The schedule was posted on the wall of the room so everyone knew how our time was going to be spent. We first went to the lazer maze. The kids had to maneuver around the laser hit some buttons and get out of the room. All this was done in the dark. Parents could watch from outside on a tv screen. Great start.Next we went and played miniature golf in the dark. Lots of black lights making the holes shine and all our clothes light up. It was very organized and the kids were escorted through the course. We had a special staff member that explained all the games to the kids and stayed with them throughout the party. After playing golf the kids went to the party room and and had pizza and soda. The pizza was typical pizza brought in from a local pizza parlor. It was not very good but the kids ate it and there was plenty of pepperoni pieces and cheese only for them to select. They had pitchers of different kinds of soda also. The cake was cut and presents were opened. Mario was the theme and my daughter had some goodie boxes for the kids.Next on our schedule was lazer tag. This is what they had been waiting for. They played against several other teams after suiting up. The directions had been carefully explained to them before the game began. You get points for hitting the other person and of course you need to try and not get hit. Simple enough. The only complaint I have was there was not place to watch. No screen you could see the game on either. You just had to wait till the game was over and scores were announced. It would have been nice to have an area somewhere set aside for parents to watch. There is a large area in the lobby with nice soft couches for parents and kids to sit. A big screen tv is there playing cartoons also so you could wait there. There were also tables and chairs around and there was a counter serving food and drinks that you could purchase if you wanted.The last thing on our schedule was the tokens to play all the games in the lobby and other areas. All the party goers got tokens and started playing the games they  wanted. Sort of like a Chuckee Cheese kinda thing. Then of course they can ask for more money from parents to keep playing when the tokens run out. Tickets are then redeemed for snap bracelets, toys, etc. You know the junk that will be in the trashcan in just a short time! But they loved it!. All in all it was a great experience. I have no idea of the cost for the party but there is information on their website. The kids came out of the place happy and that is all that matters. Everyone really enjoyed themselves. It was well organized and safe for them. The staff was helpful and kept the party moving. My grandson had a great birthday party with family and friends and that was what was important to me. Seeing smiles on all the kids' faces and hearing them laugh makes me smile!PS-  Be warned if you don't like LOUD noises and kids running around having a good time you don't belong in this place!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/19/2012,94,67,2,4,4>What's funny about this is that when I lived in Hawaii, I never ate at Roy's.   Just never had an interest to go there with so many other places to eat at.  Since moving back here, I had a craving for miso butterfish so I thought wth, let's finally check this out.  Roy is from Hawaii and is one of the founding fathers of Asian fusion cuisine.  Valet service was a plus. It was cute how the hostess greeted me with an "Aloha" - oh the warm fuzzies that I got.  People there were really sweet and actually pronounced  the Hawaiian words right on, so that was a plus.  I'm the kind of person who cringes when I hear people say carry-ohkey or cahrahtee.  Actually I cringe at myself when I start saying the american version of karaoke and karate because of course, people don't know what the hell I'm saying.  My boss actually likes me saying it. She likes it when I correct her when she says bentu and I say it's bento. Anyways, went there for my bday. Fresh ahi for my sashimi, which was soo good. I had the miso butterfish, which rocked.  It was so fresh and it was melt in my mouth good. I missed home after chomping on it.   Hubby had some pork dish, I don't remember what it was but his stuff was just as good.  Chocolate souffle was to die for. Great birthday experience there for me. You know, I'm the kind of person that if customer service sucks, regardless if the food was 5 star, you still suck. If your establishment is a shit hole dive but the food and customer service was good, hell, that's 5 stars for me.   They exuded the Aloha Spirit and trust me, when I left Hawaii, it remained there.  East coast is the land of where I am waiting at a stop sign and someone honks their horn at me because I waited there for 2 seconds. Oh yeah, so I got a free 4x6 picture with a Hawaiian themed mat for framing.  AND a thank you card for celebrating my birthday there.  Talk about the Neiman Marcus treatment.  Good eats, knowledgeable and very friendly staff - so go there if you want some Asian fusion.   It definitely made me book a trip home for the summer.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/18/2012,35,132,,3,2>Surprised my son with a visit here for his birthday.  Compared to the one in DC, DC has got nothing on Baltimore.  It is massive and super fun!  My birthday boy could not stop seeing the various exhibits.  From Calypso the green sea turtle to the rainforest!  This aquarium was worth every penny to see the smile on my sons face.It is a but pricey, I am sure if I had gotten the membership it would be MUCH cheaper.  The location of the aquarium is excellent, with views of the harbor.  Their Dolphin discovery exhibit is another worthwhile thing to see.  This is fun for all kids and grownups!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/17/2012,131,146,5,6,5>The kids and I had a great time here today. Boats were sailing, helicopters were flying, the siddity were eyeing. lol. No, it was all love. With the clear blue skies and the rolling cumulus clouds, today was so the perfect day to have a bird's eye view of the harbor! It may have been nice to have someone come and clean the dog poop out of the trash cans. I could smell it 10 feet away. But no complaints....i'd much rather smell it in the trash than on the shoes of my unsuspecting child! There's a park there that now has a SANDBOX!!! Now I know the person who thought this up probably feels like the savviest person ever, but unfortunately this mama has to differ. I do not want to tend to sand in the oddest of places for the next week just because I went to a park! And this is besides the bigger issue of germs that flourish in sand. Ring worms give me the eeby jeebies!!!!If I want sand I will go to the beach or other places one suspects sand. So I had to be the uncool mom for a minute....a week, sand free was worth it!Love Federal Hill. Go. Take the kids. Even jump in the Sandbox! Just don't look for me there ;)
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,10/16/2012,21,72,2,9,4>So I've been going to this Sunday morning market since I've moved here- that's like 2.5 years now! Never thought about reviewing it.... nor did I check in here either. Hummmm.... ....so what can I say about the market... there is definitely something for everyone (I think). I like to cook, so I've started to go and grab fresh things- whatever is in season- and base what I make in the week on that... and fresh ingredients really make everything taste better ;) So here are a few tips/comments:-I'm an early morning person, so I'm usually there before 8AM, out by 9AM at the latest. So I always find free parking and the crowd is pretty small. Yes people... its a sacrifice to wake up early on a Sunday morning! But its well worth it... otherwise you and everyone else will be arriving shortly after 9AM... so deal with it.-Once I started buying local produce, my taste buds have been thanking me. Once you get on this, what they sell in the grocery stores will never compare... that ish cray! lol-The produce changes with the seasons. Bring cash. Bring your reusable grocery bags. Most of the vendors are the same so I know exactly where to go, and a few come and go. New ones here and there. So check it out a few times before you knock it. You'd have to be a special somebody to not find anything you like...-Go get the sausage or beef sandwich!!! Just look for the smoke... I get the sausage sandwich on wheat on the regular- and I top that thing with some BBQ sauce and mustard. Can you say bangin!!!?? And in the winter it goes nicely with the fresh apple cider one of the vendors sell... dude wth... I'm telling all my secrets!?!?-And... go try a free sample of fish from the fish place... just listen for the guy yelling one of these combinations  "fish!! fish.. come get some... fresh fish... best fish in town...etc". Its really really good fried fish...Ok. So there is so much to eat, buy and lots to explore. Its my favorite farmers market in Bmore... go check it out and support local vendors and farmers-
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,10/15/2012,121,240,,7,2>Love the circulator, despite some small drawbacks. It's clean and (somewhat) efficient but I wish it made ALL parts of Baltimore more accessible. I am sure that the program is being expanded but COME ON it's been in use for a while and should be able to reach more places like Charles Village, Hampden, and Canton.I've had a few problems with the circulator.1) It's passed me as I've waited at the stop (the Baltimore Street stop, no less. As a girl, you don't want to be left waiting here for too long).2) Not all of the lines cross one another. As stated above, I needed to get off the purple line to walk to the nearest green line stop in order to get from Fed Hill to Fells. Although I could have walked a few more blocks to get to a different green line stop, I ended up walking down The Block in order to get the next green bus. Which then DROVE PAST ME while I waited at the stop.I think it's a great addition to the city and has helped a lot of people but some kinks need to be worked out.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/14/2012,30,83,,10,3>When I moved to Baltimore I remember a friend telling me they lived by Riverside park, and I instantly imagined the worst for a city park.  Slinging rock and gunshots all night long...well, I couldn't have been further from the truth.  This hidden gem of a park is one of the highlights for SOBO life.  It is very family oriented, and you can't go there without being impressed with how many kids are at the park.  It has a general vibe of safe and relaxing.  There seems to be an unofficial portion of the park dedicated to the dog walkers.  There is a great little playground for kids from about 8 and below.  This portion is actually fenced off for those with wandering kids.  They have a huge field that could be used for football, utlimate frisbee, or separated into a couple softball/kickball fields.  There is even a basketball court which is great for people who love to play outdoor ball. I haven't actually seen the pool in session, but it looks like a gorgeous pool right smack in the middle of the park.The gazebo area is currently being redone, but it is a great place to relax, and you have the huge American Flag blowing above it.If you live in SOBO, and aren't hanging at Riverside Park, you are missing out.  I am not sure how they could improve on this park!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,10/13/2012,49,114,,2,4>The AVAM pretty much encapsulates what's charming about Charm City. It's quirky, unexpected, fun and thought provoking. From the moment you see the mosaic mirrored building and all the sculptures and art that surround the AVAM, you just have to go inside. It's a great place for kids or adults, and on my first visit there, I got a peek at the setup for a beautiful wedding in their events space. The location is convenient to a stroll around the inner harbor and up Federal Hill. When I was first thinking about moving to Baltimore, I came to the AVAM and it was one of the things that sold me.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/12/2012,193,50,17,15,11>Many many many years ago... in a land far far away, I simply could not accept MD as my new 'home' (I came originally for college). Why? You ask? Well, simply put - I'm originally from NY (Long Island to be exact) and without question NY has some of the BEST food in this country, hands down. You can't get a better cornucopia of edible offerings anywhere else. That said, a Long Island or NYC deli is the BEST deli you can get! I mean, c'mon - you may not say 'true' but you know it is ... It can be something as simple as the [welcomed/ expected] rudeness of the person behind the counter to the smell of a NY delicatessen to the wide selection of meats, breads, cheeses, antipasti ... whatever. I dunno but a deli from home is just so ... 'right'. The food is delicious; the servings are generous (like, you KNOW I can't finish this sandwich, right?) and there's just the right 'hint' of grill/griddle grease to give that meat that DELI flavor (C'mon now ... I know SOME of y'all know EXACTLY what I'm talkin' about. Don't play ... LOL). Naturally, I have come across delicatessens here and was repeatedly 'underwhelmed' with the offerings. service and flavor of the goods. While in college, I was with a friend and they stopped here at Lenny's and I recall saying, "Oh, a deli? Cool - I'll just wait in the car". They cajoled me into coming in. I might see something I liked. I walk in and BOOM! I was transported back to NY instantly! Now - just to give you an idea how good it was, I recall what I had. I recall having one of the BEST pastrami sandwiches I'd ever had there. It was a HUGE sandwich, came w/ a dill pickle spear. Man- that was some good grubbin'. Problem was, that was like 20+ years ago (DAYUM, I've been here THAT LONG?!?!?!) so I could NEVER recall the name of the place we used to go to in Pikesville when I was in college. Fast forward to yesterday. I was driving down Reisterstown Road, just minding my business when I came to a light - right @ McDonough & Reisterstown. I happened to look up and that shopping center looked familiar but I couldn't recall why. I scanned the front row of facades and like a ton of bricks, it hit me! LENNY'S Delicatessen is the spot I've been looking for. Of course, my route now had a detour and I pulled in, walked in and NYC Deli hit me all over again. There's a bakery, deli, an area to actually order sandwiches / meals and a dining room. In the Bakery, I see there MASSIVE Berger cookies (if you live here you may know what a berger cookie is. I never heard of them either until I got to MD but OMG! They are a chocolate lover's DREAM!!!!! And these were fresh and HUGE! The girl behind the counter said she broke a few while packing some for a customer and asked if I wanted to try - "UMMM HELLS YEAH, PLEASE"!!! I bit into this cookie and well ... needless to say, I walked out w/ an even "baker's dozen" (lol). I also had a delicious chocolate chip cookie - so moist, so buttery, so chocolate-y ... yum. Then, I saw the chocolate croissants - ARE YOU KIDDING ME??!?!? I snatched up a  1/2 dozen and took them to a friend's house to enjoy later. Then , I meandered over to the prep station and was going to get a ... that right - a pastrami & rye xtra mustard ... BUT the corned beef looked AMAZING! So I got a Corned beef, coleslaw and Russian dressing sandwich on rye - toasted (of course) and OH ... MY ... G**!!!! When I bit down into this sandwich, tears started forming ... from shear joy! Oh yeah, I also got a side of Mac & cheese but it was just ... 'ehhh'.  Oh, o forgot - the staff was sooooooo friendly and there was a checf / cook that made my sandwich that was so helpful with me making my decision ... I just have to give props to 'Mr. Wayne'. He was the BEST!!!! Overall, "Lenny's" is a HIT for me and I will be back ... like this weekend. Meet u there...
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/11/2012,89,571,1,7,2>Located in Lowe's hotel. Free Valet. NEW Open only 2 days, they are still on their training wheels, but the kitchen seems to already have its' balance! What used to be the weather rail or "weathered rail" has been reborn as a sleek, modern and fresh new concept.     Opening a new restaurant is no easy business, so it's quite likely that even a half filled restaurant could cause the wheels to come off this weekend. But with ample help and no huge hype, they might be ready for the crowds shortly.     The menu is local and smart, can't imagine this came from Lowe's corporate but someone is to be congratulated. My guess is that West streets somewhat recent and awesome restaurants like Level and Lemongrass have sucked the Lowe's restaurants dry over the past few years. It easy to see similarities in the new West menu and Level down the street.      Though green, Crystal my bartend's friendliness more than made up for any delay, or cash register unfamiliarity. Happy Hour includes discounted drinks and 1/2 price "share ables" and pizzas. Of course what I wanted was not on special. I had the duck sliders and the fish and root vegetables chips. I would have to give both a 10. Perfect in ail ways but cost.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/10/2012,0,102,,7,5>This is officially my favorite coffee shop in Baltimore. I already was a huge fan of coffee from Counter Culture but now the experience drinking it is improved by the ambiance of the cafe and the entire vision. It even makes me a little bit prouder to be a decade long Baltimore resident. Creativity oozes from the design of the place... even down to the menus! I love it so much. (Kudos to Allie and company! I would even love to do some pro bono marketing for yall!) As for the pastries and libations, the few that I tasted were really good. Tried the simple honey cappuccino, which was great, but what really took the icing on the cake was the Basil Mint Creamy. It's an espresso/milk drink that is just so refreshing with the simplest hint of mint. It will officially be my 2012 summer drink of choice. Give it a try.  The pastry I tasted was the Blackberry Bundt Cake and that was really good. Check the photo I put up. I hear that they'll be serving food soon so a return trip will be made very soon.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,10/9/2012,131,167,5,5,4>Talk about meat coma...totally worth the wait.  I found out about this place through the grape vine of friends and all gave huge recommendations. The best from what I had so far is the hot pot bim bap which consists of steamed veggies, shredded beef, fried egg on top, seaweed seasoning and rice. My favorite meat selections was the duck dipped in the salted sesame oil was a match made in heaven. Next was the bulgoi of course and the ribs. I loved it all the variety of kimchee was a plus as well. If your a Soju fan they have a few flavors like grape, strawberry, lychee, the list literally goes on. Very yummy and dangerous.  This place is open 24/7, so if you out late and want to tie off a crazy night with some great grub, this is the place to be.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,10/8/2012,184,163,4,6,4>A variety-lover's paradise. You buy a bowl, get in line, and get to work filling it up. As other Yelpers have mentioned, make sure it is practically overflowing by the time you get to the grill (but pace yourself unless you really want no vegetables at all) because they transfer it into a bigger bowl with your starch of choice. One of the cooks sent people back in line if their bull was too empty (but I doubt this is standard). Also make sure to put the spices and sauces in the little cup, not in your bowl with everything else.Meats include beef or pork slices, cubed chicken breast, scallops, shrimp, cod, tilapia, salmon, and crab surimi. Too many vegetables to list, but some of the interesting things include pineapple, watercress, peas, and corn. Some of the stuff was frozen, even on a Saturday night. My party and I suspected they use all frozen stuff during the week.Tips: unless you are a chef or food scientist, I'd stick to the suggested sauce recipes and try not to get too adventurous your first time. Some of the flavors don't mix well (for example, curry sauce and pineapples). Second, and probably most important, if you have a severe food allergy, I would call them ahead of time and ask about it extensively. They cook several bowls at a time on the big circular grill and I definitely got pieces of my neighbor's food in my bowl. Luckily this is not an issue for me but it might be for others. I didn't see a separate grill but they might have one in the back or something. Third, be ready to wait in line for awhile especially on a weekend. Not sure how they are on weekdays but it took quite a while to get through the line.I didn't try the yogurt because I was afraid I'd be too full, but I will try it next time because I LOVE froyo of all kinds.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/7/2012,131,357,,8,4>After trying another local bagel place the day before, this was a great comparison - Goldberg's beat the other bagel place. The everything bagel was perfectly dense and chewy plus it was coated completely in the everything bits. The veggie cream cheese was smooth, nicely seasoned and tasty. It was a perfect bagel. The coffee was super hot, strong and delicious. I have to say, I was really impressed with the new bagel shop in town. Oh. They have really dense, moist and delicious muffins - I think they weigh at least a pound. I couldn't resist! It was a little confusing where to order. You order in front of the pastry display case. You can see the pastries and muffins, but you can't see the wall of bagels. Order at the front of the display case and then pay for your order closer toward the back of the shop. The shop is open and clean and has many tables. If you want your bagel fix on the weekend, it is closed on Saturday.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/6/2012,219,293,6,10,8>My first time ever having fried chicken smothered with honey, was here at Cluck U Chicken.I worked in the same complex as them so it was easy access. I dont come here often anymore since I work elsewhere. But when I did come here, I would either get their fried chicken with honey on top or their wings (Obviously). Caribbean Jerk. Honey BBQ. Atomic. Or Old Bay. Oh and the bread with honey! :OEverything I had here was great. Service was always good. Food was always good. 1 thing though... Do not get the wings with 911 sauce, unless you are ready to take on the challenge! Because if you're not then you will be in trouble! Better have a gallon of milk and a tub of ice ready! 1 bite will make you feel pain!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,10/4/2012,334,725,3,9,6>This pool is located at Arundel High School and has a parking lot of it's own so I can always find parking. I love that it's heated. Even if it doesn't feel all that warm on a chilly day outside, once you get moving it's comfortable. It's $6 per day or $4 for youth, seniors, military or people with disabilities. They also have pool passes too for either 15 sessions or all year. The locker rooms are decent with lots of space, a couple changing stalls, and showers. I wish there were a vanity counter too with outlets and a mirror. That would it a little easier. Once you walk out of the locker room, you'll see a ton of different groups. They have the kids shallow side on the right, water aerobics, kids lessons, open lanes and some reserved lanes while they're doing lessons. And then on the deeper side the swim teams practice in the afternoons. It's best to get an open lane after 8 pm when it clears out.They also have kick boards and float things that keep your legs up to help you train. I can run but jeeze, swimming is a work out!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,10/3/2012,157,175,2,6,4>Living in Arnold, I thought I had heard of just about every restaurant in the Annapolis area. To my surprise a co-worker suggested this place one night when we decided to meet for drinks. I LOVE Mexican food so was A-okay with the choice. I knew where it was so headed over after work. At first glance you might be a little turned off. It is in a strip mall, next to a liquor store. Not the greatest clientele visiting later in the evening... but thankfully when I walked inside I felt a million times better. Although the décor was a little dated.. And frankly, there wasn't much of it. I was immediately greeted with smiles and waves from all the servers. I arrived early so sat in the back as I waited for my friend. I ordered a house margarita which was amazing. Not too sweet. Not too big, and the price was just right. They brought over chips and salsa which was delicious. When my friend arrived the owner came over to ask where we had heard about his restaurant. He said he was from Miami and everything on the menu was fresh and made right on the location. They make everything new each day. Not only did it have mexican on the menu there were other latin flavors as well. Everything looked amazing. He brought us over their specialty appetizer (I forget the name) a tartar of shrimp/seafood served with crackers. It was wonderful. I opted for the Ropa Vieja, which was seasoned to perfection. There was a large portion of food that I could barely finish. I loved the atmosphere and the people that worked here. They treated us well and I will definitely be back. Such a hidden gem for the area!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/2/2012,103,142,7,3,5>Oh, the shame of it all!Honestly, I didn't MEAN to consume that many tasty tasty Mountgay-and-Tonics in front of co-workers and proceed to spill half a plate of gloppy chicken nachos down the front of me.I mean, REALLY, that's some serious Fells Point behavior right there.  And I don't do that.  No sir, not me!(....unless it's sunny and breezy and the view of the water is so pretty and why yes I'd like some nachos please and my my this drink is tasty whoopsy it's all gone can I have another please yes thanks ooo shiny pretty water!)And suddenly, I'm using my co-worker's Tide pen in a futile attempt to save my shirt.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/1/2012,40,283,,4,3>I wanted to update my review because my girlfriend and I recently took a scuba skills update class through Aqua Ventures. She hadn't been diving in a while and I knew I needed to practice skills like air sharing that I hadn't done in years, so we signed up for a two hour evening class. Mike, the owner/instructor did a great job and came off as very competent while still keeping things relaxed. The rental equipment was in good shape and seemed much newer and better taken care of than most of the rental gear I've used in the past. I'd unhesitatingly recommend Aqua Ventures for someone who wants to learn to dive or needs to update their skills.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/30/2012,73,124,7,8,6>My night at Bad Decisions was one of the best decisions I've made. After reading another yelpers review I decided to give this place a shot. Everything  he said was true, I loved it here. My husband and another couple came here on a spur of the moment Saturday night, initially it was maybe 5 people in the bar when we arrived. I'm  thinking great it's gonna be a quite relaxing evening. We'll have a few drinks and watch the playoff game. So we sit at the bar and Amy the bartender greets us, (she and John are the best). We're asked "have you been here before" we reply "No" and she proceeds to show us the "drink menu". Know this is no ordinary drink menu it's more like a mixology dead sea scroll. All handwritten in a big graphing paper notebook. I'm thoroughly impressed. I had no Idea where to start. Lucky for me my husband knows a thing or two about cocktails and recommend I try a few. I also received a few tips from one of my Yelp amigos who definitely steered me in the right direction.The setup (interior design)Small corner neighborhood bar, as far as the look goes it pretty standard nothing fancy a few tables and chairs as well as a 20 (maybe ) patrons bar. The bar self was pretty major I haven't see that many variety of "truth juice" anywhere.  I  loved the board game, playing Jenga after drinking a "Zombie" is too much fun.The nourishment (food menu)We order a shrimp po'boy and a pot roast sandwich and MAN if John didn't put his foot,elbow and knees into them..... The food is so G double O D, good. There is a nice selection of bar/tavern style items to try, but my recommendation is the sandwiches I mentioned above.The usual suspect (John and Amy) They are so talented at what they do. Amy who took care of us most of the night handled each request like the pro she is, once the bar became busy she never lost a step. Watching her pour the perfect amount , blending and mixing was mesmerizing. I believe making the perfect drink is a art form and anyone can be a bartender but very few are mixologist. I put John and Amy in the mixologist category.  That's night I saw "flames, zombies, peanut buttercups, James Bonds famous drink,aviators and a Moscow that's a Mule", half of what I listed where our drinks :-D.  If your in the Fells point area and need a spot where the crowd is friendly the drinks are made to perfection and the atmosphere relaxed and casual, then make the right decision and visit Bad Decisions.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,9/28/2012,19,222,,5,3>Not sure what took me so long to try this place out! I came in here today for lunch finally after months. Now I wish I came here much sooner. This is first and foremost a bar with a sports and European vibe. I say European because there are numerous football (soccer) banners around the bar area. It also has a British crest in the logo. One of the employees that might be the owner is also British.Anyway you're not coming here for that...you're coming here for the burgers and the beer. Not sure what drink specials they have but it's a full bar so you name it, they'll make it. The burgers are really great, and so far the best I've had in Baltimore since moving down here a year ago. There are a lot of burger choices on the menu, but they'll immediately give you a checklist so you can build your own burger if you don't see what you want. I built my burger this time and went with the regular beef, american cheese, raw onion, pickle, mustard, ketchup, fried egg, and bacon - and it was absolutely delicious. I am a big burger guy and this was one of the best.There are a number of optional sides you can get as well, but I opted to just stay with the fried homemade potato chips that they give you....which are also delicious!!It's not expensive whatsoever either. My burger with all those extra toppings, and a coke came to $13 and change including tax. That's a lot of food for the money. You won't leave hungry.This is not really a restaurant, it's really a bar with burgers as their specialty. Keep that in mind. I came here at 12:30 on a Thursday and they were packed, no open tables and just seating at the bar. That's a great sign that on a weekday and only open an hour they were already packed. You'll have to park on the street, and pay at the meter. Either bring A LOT of quarters (a few bucks worth) or use the credit card because I think I got 7 minutes per quarter.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,9/27/2012,10,127,3,5,4>BEST. HAIRCUT.Recently moved to the area and frankly, I've had enough bad hair experiences to be terrified of new hair cutters.  Buuuuuuut....I decided to trust Yelp and head over to Beatnik's.  Aaand I may post pics later, but for now, I'm still enjoying my cut (a simple bob, but well balanced and thinned).  Here's the deal: you walk up a few steps into a skinny brick-walled dive with paintings on the wall and barbers at the ready.  No wait.  I sat right down and got lucky to find myself in Heather's chair.Heather is THE BEST. We had a fun conversation while she did her thang and I relaxed feeling like I was in good hands.  Aaaand I was.  She did a great job, and the total cut was $18.  One of the best cuts I've ever had, even though there was only maybe 10 minutes of a blowdry.  (I'm sure this is one way they keep the costs down). Loved it.  Can't beat the price, the friendly atmosphere, and the professionalism.  Definitely coming back.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,9/26/2012,31,92,5,5,4>Really spectacular experience here, and so unexpected for the location/area.A friend and I walked in on a Sunday evening around 5:30/6pm and there was only one other table seated, so there was obviously no wait. The host was SUPER friendly and chatted us up for a bit (I know he was super bored, but that kind of treatment does make me feel VIP so thumbs up) then got us our drinks.Our server was awesome too, really friendly and knew everything about the menu. I asked for my food REAL hot, and he was impressed. Even brought me out some extra hot sauce (which I totally used) and said I earned respect for eating it, which was adorable.The food was tasty too, well prepared, good portions and not overly greasy like a lot of Indian food can be. I will TOTALLY go back here, want to check out the lunch buffet (Indian buffets are the only ones worth doing!) and see my cute little server again.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/25/2012,5,98,,5,2>My husband took me to Charleston as a make-up Birthday dinner. My actual Birthday is in December but I got sick and we couldn't go out. Finally, almost 6 months later (after much anticipation) we went to Charleston and they did not disappoint. This restaurant really grasps fine dining. The service was impeccable and everyone who approached our table told me "happy birthday" ... everyone. It was lovely. We opted for five courses (plus cheese) with wine pairings and I was bursting at the seams by the end of the meal. Because I don't remember each wine I will just say that the wine pairings were spot-on - some of them were surprising but all of them made perfect sense. Here's a lonnnnng run down of what we ate: Rich Lobster Soup - A+, what a divine way to begin a meal. I've never had such wonderful lobster in my life. Artichoke Soup - A, it was very rich and well balancedScallop Ceviche (a special) - A-, I wanted a little more flavor from this and it was a bit one-dimensional. Shrimp and Grits - A, this was one of my husband's better dishes of the night. Halibut - A++ Oh, My, God. This was the dish of the evening for me. These chefs can prepare an amazing piece of halibut. I hope they keep this one on the menu forever because it deserves it!! Crab Cake - B-, the crab wasn't very lumpy and the cake didn't have much substance. A disappointmentFoie Gras - A+, I loved the strawberry with this piece of foie gras. Delicious. Sweetbreads - B+, a little dry Buffalo Tenderloin - B+, this dish was unfortunate for me as our final protein. The flavor was truly one dimensional. A pity. For desert I was offered a special cupcake (for my birthday) and my husband had the  chocolate pudding cake (DIVINE!!!). I cannot even sing the praises of this pudding cake enough. Wonderful! While there were a few misses on the menu the experience as a whole was rich and fulfilling. I felt pampered and my taste buds were thrilled to experience so many wonderful dishes. This meal will cost you plenty but if food is a passion for you, you don't want to miss Charleston.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,9/24/2012,21,133,,5,3>Annabel Lee is one of Baltimore's best kept secrets, and I can't be happier that I discovered it.  When I first heard that there was a place in Canton that had an Edgar Allen Poe theme, I thought it would be awful.  In my defense, I'm sure a lot of other folks thought that too (because it very well could have been the case).Luckily, there isn't one thing to complain about with this place.  It's a fair distance away from the square in Canton, so thankfully you won't get that element.  Rather, you'll get a small and intimate place with amazing food, wonderful drinks, and great service.  The menu is always changing and evolving, so while you'll always have some stand-bys that this place does extremely well (like the duck fat fries or crab cakes), they're always offering a litany of seasonal and special items to make every trip here an adventure.As much as I like the food and service here, the atmosphere is the best part.  It's dark (in a classy way), and elegant.  It can feel a bit full and cramped on Fridays and Saturdays, so I think the best nights to be here are the off nights earlier in the week when it's a bit quieter.I'd easily put Annabel Lee in my top five Baltimore restaurants/bars.  I've never been disappointed here and it's such a uniquely Baltimore kind of place.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/23/2012,49,161,4,11,4>Seriously though, chewing is overrated. You know it's good when you start to contemplate an all liquid diet/lifestyle. The vibe is welcoming, the prices are reasonable and the flavor combinations are awesome, ranging from sugary sweet to  really earthy. My fav is the Hot Shot- carrot, apple and ginger...oh boy! The juices are smooth and mellow. I haven't had a flavor yet that was the least bit overpowering. I love to get my grind on...at the juice house...on a regular basis.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/22/2012,139,351,6,5,6>I've had a lot to drink.I'm hungry.What place totally blows my taste palette at 2 a.m.?STUGGY'S.Personal Favourites: All of them.Super Personal Favourites: Crab Mac, Motor City, Late Night.You Have To Try At Least Once: Fried Oreo.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,9/21/2012,94,116,8,4,5>Got kidnapped by friends, made a bonfire at some random guy's house, had drinks to celebrate new beginnings, 2am rolls around, drove past double T on the way back home ...immediately we all look at each other, a slightly intoxicated stare, blurted out in laughter, and we knew we had to end the night right.  Great ending to a buzzed night.  Can't ask for more from a diner. It's meant for moments like this. I guess I should do a more legitimate review ...take it for what it is. :)
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,9/20/2012,145,325,6,8,6>This was a fun place to visit!  I've had a bunch of books that I needed to donate.  Plus I wanted to buy some vintage-y looking books as props for an upcoming photo shoot session I was doing.  All that led me to search for used book stores in the area... and then I found this place!EVERYTHING. IS. FREE.No strings attached.  Seriously.  It's like a library without due dates!Okay, so you're not gonna find Harry Potter or anything current here (unless you are super lucky I suppose) but you'll find some interesting books here.  You can find everything from classics to sci fi to medical textbooks to computer programming texts.  Yes, most of the stuff will be dated, but you can still find some diamonds in the rough here.  And did I mention it was free?  So come on over, drop off some books you no longer need and find a few you'd like to read (and sign the sheet at the front door telling how many books you took).  Oh..and bring a bag too. Books are heavy.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,9/19/2012,187,290,3,6,4>The customer service in this place is what made me a faithful customer. In five years, I have NEVER gotten the pizza, but I am a fan of the Pasta Napoletana. The sauce  is delicious, the bread is nice, and the salad is a plus.  For the meat eaters, my mother, sister, nephew, best friend, ex, and godbrother LOVED the wings and fries! Yesterday, I went after about an year, but it was under new management. The people were still nice. The young lady at the register  was ok, but she didn't have the same sweet personality as the others in the past. With that being said, the menu has expanded, so I will return to try other menu items.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,9/18/2012,76,88,6,7,7>Stupid Ceremony Coffee Roasters. They turned me into a coffee snob. I was perfectly content with my free Mr. Coffee and $5 bag of Archer Farms. But never ever again will I have coffee that way. Their coffee is fresh roasted (as in within the week, not within the year), fresh ground, and fresh brewed. I love that it's not roasted dark at all. They actually develop the flavor of a coffee bean, not char(bucks) it out. Here's the best part, the thing that turned me into the geek I am today: free coffee cupping. They do this every other Friday. It's usually headed up by either the head roaster, Andy, or Ronnie, who I believe does some roasting too. Honestly, I have no idea what he does. He's just sort of there. Knows his stuff though, that's for sure. He also brewed me an espresso once, which was excellent. Anyway, cupping. It is the process of smelling, tasting, and analyzing a coffee to determine its flavor characteristics. Yes, each coffee has its own "personality", if you will. It is something everyone should try at least once. Take a date! It's not particularly romantic, but it's fun and unique.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/17/2012,332,181,3,6,3>Yippeeee! EMB delivers and it's fast and fresh. Called on my way home (I know I'm not the only one who does that lol) and they actually made it to my front door as I was pulling into my driveway. We got a couple of sushi rolls (spicy shrimp and shrimp tempura) and they were huge. They have some cool variety of flavors I may not have imagined together (asparagus with the tempura roll) but tastes absolutely mouth-watering. I want to try them all eventually. The potstickers were just the right amount of crispy on the outside and soft, pillowy on the inside. EMB is at the top of the list now that their food is only a phone call away!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,9/16/2012,92,403,,14,4>I've noticed that when people review airports, there is a pretty clear divison between frequent travelers and casual travelers.  Frequent travelers tend to focus more on how quickly they can get through security, ease of parking, convenience of gates, and efficiency of the staff.  While casual travelers tend to focus more on cosmetics.....how the facility looks, smells...shopping, etc.  I've traveled pretty extensively within the US for both business and pleasure and have seen many airports, and I have to say that BWI is one of the best in the country.  Security is pretty easy to get through, and lines are never too long.   Food and shopping prices are reasonable, comparable to mall prices, unlike many airports that charge a fortune because they know they have you captive.And there are plenty of options once you're inside security, so if you have a delay you're not bored out of your mind.  Before I moved to Maryland, I used the rental car facility frequently and never had a problem getting there or getting my vehicle.  When I travel now, I use the Econopark Express, which tends to run pretty much on schedule and has friendly drivers and free bottles of water and morning newspapers.   My only complaint with BWI is that it seems to take forever to get your bags at baggage claim.  I don't really know what the hold up is, but it can take as long as an hour to get your bags once your plane has landed.  In fact, if you have someone else with you, I'd recommend sending them to get your car (either rental or parked) while you get the bags, and by the time they get back with the car you MAY have your bags.  Otherwise you're looking at anywhere from 1-2 hours just to get your bags and car, which is ridiculous, especially if you get in late at night and are exhausted, as I've been many times.  I do tend to fly Southwest almost exclusively, so I can't really speak to how the other terminals operate, but the Southwest terminal always tends to run pretty efficiently.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,9/15/2012,55,370,10,8,7>Ann's Dari-Creme is a Gwen Burnie institution.  No, that's not a typo.  Real Gwen Burnians know that the "L" in their town's name is lazily omitted and replaced with more of a "W" sound, but even that is not really pronounced -- just drop your jaw and -- okay, never mind.  Let's talk about the food instead.The story of Ann's tenacity is legendary.  When Marwey Station Maw (there's the accent again) was built, the developers tried and tried to get the ramshackle Ann's to sell.  It wouldn't budge, and so it remained at the edge of the property, an eyesore on the face of the pristine, homogeneous parking lot.  And as time has passed, the mall itself has become horribly dated (not to mention borderline dangerous) while Ann's retains its roadside charm.The line is always out the door; be patient and wait, dreaming of the greasy fried goodness you're about to enjoy.  Your choices are pretty limited.  Subs come in tiny (roll,) medium (six-inch,) and large (footlong;) you have a choice of hamburger, steak, hot dog or double dog, which is exactly what it sounds like.  Add toppings of cheese, mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, chili, hot peppers, mushrooms, and / or onion (raw or fried.)  Order a side of French fries and a milkshake.  If you were so foolish as to have already eaten dinner, order an ice cream cone and stare sadly at the people around you, who are about to experience nirvana.The hot dogs are deep-fried, which leave them crispy on the outside.  The steak is paper-thin and the cheese melts right into it.  Rolls are soft with a chewy crust, substantial enough to stand up to a full array of toppings.  Fries are crispy and piping hot; shakes are creamy and thick.  Ask for chocolate banana.  They'll roll their eyes, but they'll do it.It's a testament to Ann's that their workers are all middle-aged.  Teenagers have neither the brain power to remember the variables for four different sandwiches at once nor the gravitas to stare you into making a decision quickly, which these wonderfully surly ladies will do.  It's loud and hot and chaotic inside.  Take your food out to one of the dusty benches under the shade of a scrubby tree.  In Gwen Burnie, we call this a "park."  Enjoy your dinner, hon!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/14/2012,416,145,8,9,5>Came here for two important reasons last night. A) To make sure I'm still the duchess of this joint & scope out any sucka MC that's tryna take my crown YA HEARD??and B) to enjoy good food and drinks in an intimate settingWell I did fulfill both action items (yea I'm still the duchess, WHO WAN COME TEST DA KID?) and the environment, as always, did not disappoint. But, I did have a minor complaint that I wanted to comment on. Since my last review of Teavolve, I've been back probably about 4 or 5 times and last night was the first time I've noticed that they've began skimping on product! For example, my friend ordered the Citrus Roasted Shrimp Salad. Before, the shrimp chunks were so plentiful, pieces used to fall off the croissant with each bite but last night, you could barely see any shrimp peeking from underneath the croissant sandwich. I ordered the shrimp and grits and noticed there weren't as many shrimp in the dish as it used to be. Also, the BBQ Chicken pizza had way less chicken pieces on it and it was more BBQ sauce and cheese.Maybe last night stock was running low and they plan to restock soon but to run low on shrimp AND chopped chicken? I don't know...still 5 star whoa nelly for now but when I go back (and it will be soon), if the same thing happens, this place may just lose a star.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,9/13/2012,13,417,,2,3>In some places, you eat one dish and you realize that the kitchen knows what it is doing on some deep, intuitive level. One bite of the fish tacos convinced me that Chef Sean has it going on. Bear in mind that the dining area is an afterthought tacked onto the catering kitchen. There's no A/C and precious few places to sit. No matter. You want to eat here and you want to try everything on the menu. I'm pretty much willing to guarantee that no matter what you order it will be good. Oh, and the coffee was good too.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,9/12/2012,65,248,2,6,5>I've driven past the smoker in the gravel parking lot, wondering whether this is an automotive repair place, or some other sort of place.Turns out, it's a pit beef place, very reasonably priced, and the food is superb. I almost don't want to tell folks about it, but dude... it's awesome. Ribs, pulled pork, chicken, sausage, sides of mac n'cheese.... The portions are generous, and the guys are super friendly, too.Ladies get a flower from Jake, and on your first visit, your soda's on the house. :)There are picnic tables under the trees, near a little brook that winds past the building in which Jake's is housed. There are no signs. None! Just drive along Falls between Padonia and Timonium, and look for the a little white house with a battered barbecue smoker thinger on the edge of the parking lot.You can eat there (tables inside, plus the two picnic ones outside), or get it to go. It's well-worth the drive and effort to locate. I'm just sorry now that I didn't stop in the first time I saw this place oh so long ago.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,9/11/2012,84,101,,3,2>There are a good number of Mexican restaurants to choose from, but don't let the "Best of Annapolis" ratings sway your decision...because they missed this place!It's not pretty, it's not the most convenient to much (other than Quiet Waters and a dog wash), but the food is fantastic!  Everywhere I go I search out this kind of place.  Usually family owned, often times the family can be found eating in the restaurant, and everything is very authentic and delicious.  I've only ever done take out, so I assume that if I didn't have it boxed up and ate it right out of the kitchen, it would probably be even better (and that's saying something).Some people might worry about ordering in a place playing Univision round the clock where most  of the patrons are speaking 100% Spanish, don't worry! The menu is solid with great descriptions and the guy that takes the orders is super friendly and very helpful.  I definitely recommend the tacos (I prefer barbacoa) and the Burrito Mojado )this is a serious burrito, be sure you're hungry or be ready for leftovers).I love this place.  If they had a bigger space and were on West Street, they'd be BOOMING.  But alas, they're not.  And that actually might add to the charm.  Check it out for some very well priced great eats!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/10/2012,16,52,1,9,2>I love Barfly's.  I'm a recent convert.  My roommate and her boyfriend have been going forever, but only recently have they started dragging me along.  And thanks to them for that--this place is awesome.It isn't ever too crowded--even on Friday, during prime happy hour time, there's room to move and never a line for the bathroom.  The drinks are priced on the same level as the rest of the neighborhood, but they've got great beers on tap.  I enjoyed SEVERAL Franziskaners on Friday.  Their pizza is world-class, with this great Parmesan crust thing going on, and it's served with this awesome garlicky salad dressing.The bartenders are great, the atmosphere is friendly.  This place is the perfect bar.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,9/9/2012,20,137,2,5,4>Had the opportunity to check it out last night.  Overall it was pretty darn good for a restaurant that's been open for only 4 days.  The setting is "modern asian" and located right along the water across the street from the waterfront Marriott.  The food was tasty and a great addition to the Baltimore food scene.  While I love the smattering  of new american food in the city, there isn't a quality Japanese influenced place.  Interesting selection of  roabata (cooking along the fireplace with charcoal flown in from Japan) including chicken balls, chicken hearts and shoulders (WHICH THEY WERE OUT OF!!!!)  Foie Gras, pork belly etc.  The ribs were delicious with a little kick of siracha, but one of my favorites was the "Happy Spoon" - oyster, uni, ikura and ponzo creme fraiche.... holy crap... delicious!  We tried the ono which was good, but not great and the selection of Americanized sushi rolls wasn't as extensive as other local sushi places.  They also have a selection of rice/noodles which help give you a sense of fullness because the other portions are quite petite.   The staff overall was pretty nice and attentive but they need to polish up the service.  I think the hostess should be warm and welcoming and the waiters professional and knowledgable. At times things seemed a bit disjointed.   Some of our meal wasn't served in a timely fashion despite gentle reminders we were still waiting for certain items.  However, they did comp part of the meal and offered a complementary drink. They have several "managers" who patrol the dining room ensuring things appear right, filling water removing plates etc.  But they remind me more of the hosts who work the front door of Las Vegas night clubs. On that note, music needs to be a bit louder while the lighting needs to be turned down (it was so bright I thought I was in a  food court)Overall, a very nice experience with great potential.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/8/2012,18,133,3,4,3>Planning a light dinner in Fells Point on a recent somewhat warm Sunday, two of us chose to go for sushi at Nanami, my first time having sushi in this particular section of our fair city.Located in a row of converted low-rise warehouses off the pier on the edge of the main Fells area (facing the sadly neglected Baltimore Pier), the owners of the place did their best to convert what is essentially a somewhat triangular space into a well-decorated modern-ish Japanese sushi establishment. This is helped by the large-paned sectioned windows and an elevated section of three table in front of the windows that operate on the traditional japanese line of "shoes off, cross your legs if you fell like it, nothing to lean against". While the thought of taking one's shoes off in downtown Baltimore may seem odd (and somewhat dangerous), it does add a bit of authenticity and makes for a nice experience. I would not recommend the booths for people with back ailments (despite Japanese claims that not leaning back is actually good for your back), but the low-seeming tables make for another nice touch.Now for the important things. The food and drink were excellent. The sushi was fresh, with a combination of variations on the simple (salmon roll with avocado), and the local (crab roll with old bay on top). All were very fresh, well rolled, and nicely presented without too much fuss. The list of libations was similarly nice, comprising everything from a moderate wine list to Okinawan beers (very good, large bottle).Service was very pleasant, quick, and not overwhelming. We did have one slight bit of a language barrier issue at the end, resulting in our failure to order dessert. Then again, this being a somewhat warm day, refraining may not have been the worst idea...Overall a very good spot to grab sushi, offering good service, great food, and a very nice view of the industrial outskirts of Baltimore's inner harbor.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/7/2012,62,419,6,6,4>The Love of My Life and I had just returned from a lovely Memorial Day weekend vacation in Ocean City, and he'd tried Maryland hard-shelled blue crabs for the first time there.  Neither one of us really wanted to admit to ourselves that our vacation was over, though - so we decided that we'd have one more "crab feast" before succumbing to the reality of going back to work, meh.We chose Captain James because it's pretty close to our house, and we had some errands to run in the neighborhood, anyway, so it was convenient.  We were greeted and seated almost immediately; a picnic table right over the water with brown paper and a plastic bucket awaited us, and we both knew we were in the right place.  While the current crab prices are really good (we were tempted by the XLs, let me tell you), we did finally decide on the 30 dollar AYCE deal.  I know, it's a way for people to get rid of the unwanted "smaller" crabs, but when it's all you can handle, does it really matter?  Just bring me more, I'll decide when I've had enough, thanks.The AYCE deal comes with a cob of steamed corn (STILL in the husk - NICE!!!) and a small cup of Maryland crab soup.  I absolutely loved that corn and inhaled it in a flash.  The soup was just "okay" - I've had better - but it whetted my appetite for that seafood.  And they didn't take long with it, either - the crabs came out, hot and fresh, and they were actually a bit larger than I had expected.LoML was shucking away and has the Devil's own luck when it comes to finding "heavy" crabs - he got hold of a couple of "medium" sized crabs that were the meat motherlode.  There was NO shell whatsoever - just hot, sweet, juicy crabmeat.  We were both incredibly impressed by the quality of the crabs we received.  There is a two hour time limit for the AYCE, and we were just about finished when our server came up to us and asked if we wanted more.  I explained that we were just about at the time limit, and she said, "Well, I can bring you a few more.  How many would you like?"  I responded that six would be just fine, and they were brought fresh out of the pot, extremely hot and juicy - this was a REALLY nice offer for her to make and we both knew she didn't have to do that, so we really appreciated that!Price for two AYCE, a pitcher of Pepsi, and a bottle of water came to 81 dollars (including tax and tip), which was actually just about on par with what we'd spent at Ocean City - and honestly, I think the crabs here were a lot meatier and heavier.  The atmosphere was very pleasant and we enjoyed the water view very much.  The only downside is that there aren't free refills on drinks - the crab seasoning is quite salty and you're going to NEED liquid refreshment, no question about it.  I'd love it if they offered iced tea (sweetened or not, it doesn't matter) - it would go down so smooth with the crab.  But it's a minor quibble.We're definitely coming back at least a couple more times before the "season" ends!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,9/6/2012,12,23,5,9,6>YES.All I can say is YES...Okay, okay, I'll say more. Coming to Lamill has shown me what quality coffee actually tastes like.  I never, ever, (ever, ever, ever) have had a latte that elicited the response from my tastebuds that Lamill's did.  This vanilla drink was a hot little sip of caffeinated heaven on a blustery spring morning that put me on a high beyond your typical coffee energy boost--honestly, the tastiness of this drink was pure euphoria.  Since this lovely experience, any time the thought of getting coffee at one of the spots closer to my job comes to mind, I just think of that glorious vanilla latte and can't bring myself to cheat on Lamill (and myself) by settling on a completely mediocre mug.Open your mind to what coffee is supposed to be.  (I know that sounds super uppity, but I'm so Serious--it happened to me!)YES!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,9/5/2012,74,176,,4,4>Im a Pasadena native sooooo listen up!This is my favorite all Mexican spots - Been Coming since  they openedService - Great ..never had any complaintsFood - Straight Up CrackalackaDrinks - Cheap on specialsThe food is so good here, the wait can be very very long. So be prepared for a wait on a Friday/Saturday night. They do a great job of keeping the place clean.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/4/2012,23,130,,4,3>Bought a new F150 and I knew I wanted a Ford and knew I wanted to get it at Bob Bell, it's local.  I knew what I wanted, I went in said this is what I'm looking for.  I already knew they had it on the lot and said what is the best deal you can give me?  No hassle I got the truck I wanted for $900 under invoice which I was happy about.  The saleswoman was very nice and polite.  She went out of her way to help in whatever I needed and answered all of my questions.  She knew her stuff which is not always what you get from a sales person now a days.  Her name is Terry, look her up if you need anything.The finance lady when I was signing all the paperwork was kind of pushy, really didn't care too much in dealing with her.  If I said I don't want that type of coverage stop trying to use scare tactics to get me to agree to it, I said NO.   The parts guys are very nice, ordered some parts through them like a bug deflector and some all weather floor mats and they arrived very quickly and with no problems.  Already had a few oil changes that were free and had no issues with it being done, took maybe 45 minutes each time with a tire rotation.  Overall I'm very happy, my wife is already planning on getting an Explorer from here in the near future.  Jason
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,9/3/2012,118,600,4,8,6>I'm sure someone will be mad that I put their favorite unknown tiki bar on Yelp but, sorry, I just loved it.Two storey, palm trees, all outdoors.  Opens late during the week -- at 5pm, so don't get there too early.  Just added their own kitchen, will have meals in about a months.For now they still have food, it just is delivered from another restaurant.I loved this place, I loved Miller's island because I felt like I was in Florida, not Maryland.  Sometimes I want to visit the Big Owl Tiki Bar on Kent Island but I just cannot sit through all that Bay Bridge traffic.  Now I have another option: Row Boat Willies.  Super remote, super mellow.  That's all I'm telling - take the time to find it if you want.  If not, more room for me!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,9/2/2012,23,76,2,5,2>Pretty sure I died and went to heaven!  If you love pizza and/or italian food, you came to the right place.  Love the NY Bronx style decor.  I dined here with a large group of about 14 people, and the staff was very attentive and accommodating.  For appetizers, we had mozarella and prosciutto, as well as beef carpaccio.  They give you choices on your mozz- that's legit, right?! It was definitely impressive that the servers knew the different types of mozzerella and were able to reccommend them to us.  I went with the classic pepperoni pizza, but I tried the margherita, the potato, and the mushroom pizza.  They were all delish! My hubby also ordered the veal meatball, which I swear, was the size of a baseball!  If you eat veal (unlike me!) then you should definitely try that, because everyone at my table was raving about it.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/1/2012,95,120,2,3,3>I have heard mixed reviews about this place, some good and some bad. So I decided to check it out for myself and I am glad that  I did. I can say this, Spoons serves the best French toast in Federal Hill. I had the pleasure of trying the cornflake French toast. Now I thought the cornflakes was going to make the French toast dry. Not at all, the french toast was still soft on the inside and a nice crispy texture on the outside. Also they give you a generous portion, alot for my palate but it was but also filling . My friend he had the bread pudding French toast with the drunken raisins. Whooooo daddy. That was awesome. It tastes just like bread pudding too. Not to sweet but just right.  He said that was the 2nd best French toast he had ever tasted. We said we are gonna come back again for dinner next time. I am anxious to try the dinner menu. But breakfast was a sure plus for me. This place is also known for their cofee as well.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/31/2012,119,447,,5,3>We love this little French place, actually it's not so little.  It's tucked away off the Annapolis beaten path and does a wonderful job of setting a atmosphere that is welcoming and cozy.You walk in and you are greeted by a host or one of the wonderful waiters/esses that are just like family here.  I have been coming for a while and most of their clients know one another by name and they know all the staff.  You can tell and I have been told, many of the staff don't do it for the money per say but because the restaurant is family to them and they enjoy the work they get to do there.  We have eaten Easter Brunch with Les Folies, we have been here when my mom visits and we have been here for a night off from our kitchen.  The food is amazing but you will pay for amazing.  It's great for family or friends.  Their food is creative and so is their ambiance.  They normally have something going on for the holidays and even on some weekends.  They have a little bar if you don't want to sit at a table where Marcel will likely be pouring drinks for you.  I highly recommend this restaurant for a nice evening out or just any day of the week.  Enjoy!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,8/30/2012,19,157,3,4,3>I have to contradict the bartender friendliness complaints in a couple of the reviews.  I've been to Liam Flynn's around a half-dozen times now - with wife or with friends-  and have always found the staff to be as friendly as you wish them to be.  Interact with them and be nice, and they're friendly (and my wife and I aren't the most outgoing, extoverted types, by far!).  Keep relatively quiet and don't initiate conversation and they'll leave you alone but still give good service.  We've enjoyed talking with Liam, Sarah, and another of the female barkeeps, who have always been plenty friendly and nice, and always offered up great service!Liam Flynn's is fast becoming my own personal dream pub.  They have two things I absolutely LOVE-- real ale (two pumps, with a fast rotation cycle since they sell a lot of it!) and Irish music (Wednesday session, occasional special events)!  For me that's a grand and majikal alignment of the stars!!!  I also love the fact that the crowd is a nice, eclectic, diverse bunch, and the jukebox likewise boasts some nice diversity.  In addition to the two casks to be had, they have a strong selection of good draught offerings on tap... another wonderful thing!  No, they don't have the expensive decorative accoutrements of your polished Irish theme pub (you know, the types that aren't usually very Irish!), and yes they have fluorescent lights, though they don't feel at all like Walmart to me, as they're waaaay up in the high ceiling and thus not obnoxious).Give Liam Flynn's a shot, and perhaps some day you'll be able to reminisce about how you went to Liam Flynn's back in the good old days when there wasn't a whole lot around it, before it turned into the trendy place to go!  Lok for me, and I'll gladly allow you to buy me a real ale!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,8/29/2012,50,119,1,8,3>Since getting to MD I have been to Sip & Bite 3 times over the last few weeks.  I really love this place. Sip & Bite is everything a diner should be.  Independently owned, always busy, and the food is great!  I've tried their whole gambit of food already: great breakfast, awesome burgers, and even some of their crab cakes.  All fantastic!  And if you've read any of my other reviews, you know that I'm a guy who loves to eat.The place has a great vibe.  Whether it's 2pm in the afternoon or 2am in the morning this place is buzzing.  People are happy to be there, I suspect because they know they're in for a rockin' meal!I can't speak to parking as I always just walk there from my friends' place, but the meals themselves are very reasonable.I've been to a couple of other diners since I've been in MD and was getting discouraged.  Sip & Bite reminded me what a killer diner should be like.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/28/2012,100,100,6,12,7>Probably my favorite quick eatery in Towson. I used to come here twice a week for lunch when I worked nearby and now stop by whenever I can. It's a pretty small joint right in the middle of "downtown" Towson. The restaurants on this block have an unfortunately high failure rate, so Burger Bros' success should speak volumes of its quality. I'll just say it now: Go here over 5 Guys! I love 5 Guys, but the options here are better and you get to support a good local business.The lowdown is great burgers at a good price. Basically, big juicy burgers + great toppings. The large, juicy beef patty is superior to 5 Guys 2 skinny patties. Caramelized onions are a must and the cheese options are great. 5 Guys will only give you American; BB offers cheddar, Swiss, feta, and more. The buns are great as well. They remind me of a softer and slightly moister brioche. Burgers are 5-6 dollars depending on if you get bacon and/or cheese.Fries are great. Definitely not frozen and I think cooked in peanut oil. Grab some old bay, vinegar, or ketchup and you will be happy.Onion rings are nothing special, stick with the fries. Share a med/large fry order with your friends for 3/4 bucks.If I don't get a burger, I get the "Fish and Chips" sandwich. It's a big slab of fried fish in between the same tasty burger bun. Tartar sauce and french fries are on the sandwich in addition to whatever else you want. In fact, the fries pile out of the sandwich quite beautifully. This sandwich is a great deal at 6 bucks (6.50 w/ cheese) because you basically get enough fries to match a small fry order. For a burger joint, the wings are very good. Honey bourbon is my fav. Don't come here for the wings though. Only get them if you're at BB for the 3rd time in 4 days (I'm speaking from experience here). If you want a soft drink, they offer Boylan's bottled sodas, which are pretty good. However, I recommend skipping this and getting BIRCH BEER from the soda fountain. If you've never had it, it's just sweeter root beer that also has a strong red tinge. It's amazing though, so definitely try it. Employees there are awesome. The cashiers are all super friendly. One of the two owners, the "bros," is always cooking on the grill and they are definitely good guys. Service is quick, too. The order line moves quickly and you'll wait 5-10 minutes for your food to come out. Grab a loyalty card- your 11th burger is free. Better yet, come on Sunday afternoon if you're a student and get 1/2 price burgers with the order of a drink. Clean, modern styling and classic rock fit the bill nicely for a great lunch/dinner spot, but you can get take out if you so desire. It would be the ultimate burger place if it was open late. But alas, it's still awesome.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/27/2012,99,112,2,3,3>The sun never seems to set while enjoying happy hour well on into the night with the regular laid back and relaxed crowd that knows how to keep the good times rolling. The sangria is wonderful and watch out for the margaritas they are mixed very well with a heavy pour. The homemade colorful chips with sprinkles of spices and chuncky salsa are spectacular to snack on. If you order the Chilaquiles be prepared to share with friends, if you come close to finishing this mountain of smothered goodness give yourself a pat on the the back because it's like climbing Mt. Vesuvius. My friend and I split some tapas and the Margarita Shrimp Salad which was amazing, a perfect portion for the two of us with the large shrimp swimming in a lime dressing through a field of greens.      I have no complaints and will be venturing back often.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/26/2012,52,168,2,4,3>I went to this for a corporate event and I cannot express how much fun it was. A lot of times being stuck with work people for "fun" is anything but, but this was hysterical.  The staff is super engaging and entertaining and easily kept us in stitches the entire time. I'm looking forward to going back for an evening "grog" cruise.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/25/2012,35,151,,6,1>They've done it again.  Second time I've brought my vehicle to them and second time they've met and exceeded my expectations.  Two for two in excellent service.  Bought the full-detail special they had on LivingSocial last week.  Dropped my car off with them during lunch and picked it up a few hours later.  Literally every nook and cranny was given special treatment.  I looked my SUV over top to bottom and couldn't even find a spot they missed.  Very impressed and won't hesitate to recommend them to others.  I guess the LivingSocial deal was popular since there were so many vehicles getting done there.  Glad to see their business is booming.  The owner Kie seems like a good guy and cares about running a good business.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,8/24/2012,47,71,1,6,3>The biggest and best in the city; at least for me it is. Its been around for as long as I can remember and I have a ton of memories from when I was a child. The funny thing is that it still seems big to me. It also is ongoing in expanding its wealth of knowledge in literary as well as other media. Best thing is its all free of course but that goes with out saying. So many different events are held for so many different interest; you can say they have something for everyone even if you don't like to read. Customer service is great, user friendl check out system, and once you get the catalog learning curve out the way finding books is a breeze too. If you feel in the mood for a good book and need to research don't overlook this experience, I believe its worth the trip.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/23/2012,92,83,5,7,5>For months my boyfriend begged me to go with him to Pollo Amigo and I refused.  I like chicken, but most of the time I don't have a taste for it; I'd rather have a burger.  Also, in my defense, he didn't make it sound too appealing (it's small, it's in a strip mall, there's not many places to sit, blah blah blah).Well, one sunny spring day I caved and we finally went to Pollo Amigo together.  My initial hesitancy didn't disappear when I walked through the door.  The decor is definitely nothing to write home about.  In fact it's kind of depressing.  However, what Pollo Amigo lacks in ambiance is definitely made up by the delicious and CHEAP food!  I got the 1/4 dark meat with plantains and salad as my sides and I cleaned my plate.  The chicken was sooooo good.  The skin and meat were so flavorful, and I had to try not to lick my fingers...too much....  They give you little dipping sauces for the chicken, but I didn't use those because the chicken was fine as is.And then there was the salad!  I don't even really like salad, but I was trying to be healthy.  Oh my god, that salad was so freaking good!  I hadn't had a salad that fresh in so long.  They put some sort of mayonnaise dressing on it (I think) so just a heads up in case you don't like mayonnaise.  The plantains were also really good--they were firm and not all mushy.I was so glad I didn't let the appearance of the restaurant stop me from trying the food.  It was definitely worth it.  Only $5.95 for a quarter chicken and two sides?!  YES!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/22/2012,123,196,,5,2>As far as takeout/delivery places go, this is pretty much the best there is.  We've been ordering here for the last year or so and I can't tell you how happy I am that they put a flyer in my door once upon a time.  Things they have perfected:-Gyro-Cheese Steaks-Fries (I know that this seems like something that should be so simple to make but so many delivery places screw up fries, not Ficini's.  They are always fresh and crispy even after 15 minutes in a car en route to us)- Buffalo Chicken Wrap (DH says it's the closest thing to perfect that he has found since he use to work at a deli)-Toppings.  Again this is something that seems so simple but have you ever gotten a sub and had soggy or old lettuce on top of it?  Yuck!  Ficini's has never failed me in this aspect.  Always fresh lettuce, tomato's, cucumber, onion.  It's so remarkable that it sticks out in my head so I thought I would mention it.  -Salad.  Again, the veggies are always fresh and crisp and the dressing is very unique and tasty.  I have pizza hut syndrome where I get good salads some times and horrid old salads sometimes, Ficini's is nothing like that.  I also like that they offer specials and coupons.  The delivery man is always friendly, and so sweet even in despicable weather.  You won't be disappointed here.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/21/2012,47,142,3,3,5>Stop! Don't drink that shot. There is something floating in it!The highlandtown bride to be, irony not lost that her batchelorette excursion begins at the Dead End, smiled and admonished this rookie "come on it's a pickle shot!" Indeed, a cucumber seed and garlic chunk laden pickle juice and vodka concoction is the speciality of this holdout dive in a prime Fells Point space. The unholy bathrooms are on par with the Kislings impressive sketch. Salty deck hands fresh off of the tugs plow through the respectable and cheap bar fare. Brawls ensue if the cream of crab, seafood nachos, and burgers are lame. Dead end is not beyond bartering natty bohs to the swarmy guys who stocked a half cord of "their" firewood on a snowy evening. Gentlemen are swindeled on the pool tables, and parking is easy. Fells Point professonal drinkers pack the bar to save some pesos on the cheap swill.The beer pressure to have a round of pickle shots was intense. Grin and bear it, and hold down the bile. You are going to taste that kosher brine for hours.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/20/2012,33,70,3,5,3>LocationGlen Burnie, off of Ritchie Highway.  But, be careful; you'll probably pass it a couple of times before you find it.AtmosphereN/AServiceN/AFoodAs someone who is part Asian, I don't expect carry out Asian food to be the best.As someone who grew up in urban areas, I expect carry out Asian food to be relatively inexpensive.A little pricier than your run-of-the-mill carry out, but OH SO WORTH IT!  My S.O. kept ranting and raving about House of Chong, having eaten it since childhood, and now I see why.  The portions are large, the meat inside of those portions is large, and everything is packed so much that they put your containers inside of plastic bags to catch the overflow of your food!BE FOREWARN: They're closed on Mondays.  And, this is strictly Asian food: no steak and cheese subs sold here.Definitely a place to treat yourself when you want above-standard carry out food without paying the P.F. Chang's prices.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,8/19/2012,54,27,3,4,3>Well, I've become a cupcake fan in the past 2 months.  They are like the perfect amount of sugary goodness.  I like to call them my own mini cakes.  Anyway, I digress.  The cupcakes are pretty good here.  I prefer the specialty versions compared to the basics.  I have had the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough and I must say it was AMAZING.  The icing tasted like cookie dough and it had a sweet little cookie surprise in the center.I usually buy 4 at a time because they are so expensive, but comparable to the cost of other cupcakes.  I give the rest away and everyone has really enjoyed them.  My dad says that the carrot cake is a little dry, but that hasn't stopped him from scarfing it down; barely avoiding biting his fingers off in the process.Only downside is really the service.  Some of the people that work there really aren't that friendly.  It's really hit or miss.  You would think they would be happy someone was coming to visit them since they are located in the worst location: a deserted mall with only about 15 stores left open.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/18/2012,43,146,,5,3>YUM!!!!!!!!!!I've always seen the location near the Charles, but never went (Tapas Teatro's siren call was always too strong). Recently moved and now live near the one at the now closed (for renovations) Senator Theatre. We only went here because I had a groupon/living social deal that was going to expire the next day.I am SO glad we went. I guess I was thinking that they were all sweets (yes, I realize I could have looked at the menu before now, but what fun is that?!?). We had them for carry out dinner and were more than full. The location near the Sanator also has a fair amount of outdoor seating - Bonus!The location smells amazing when you walk in and the guys at the counter could not be nicer. The crepes were larger than I expected and at basically 1/2 off, a great deal. I will say, with their pricing, the savory crepes are a better deal than the dessert options. All of the locations have the same menu with the exception of location specific daily specials.We had the following:~The Godfather - $8 Pepperoni, Mozzarella, Salami, Roasted Red Peppers, & Spinach WOWOWOWOW!!! - this was amazing. Tasted like an Italian sandwich but without all the heavy bread. Very delicious.~Sliced Turkey, Pesto Mayonnaise & Cranberry Chutney - $7. The turkey was actually REAL turkey (not deli) and the crepe tasted like Thanksgiving. The pesto mayo initially sounds off putting but trust me and the other reviewers, it really does work. I would not have tried it myself but other Yelpers said it worked, I trusted them, and it was amazing.~Peanut Butter Cup- $5 Peanut Butter & Chocolate. Just 'eh'. I felt like the balance between PB and chocolate was not right (too much PB) and that the PB tasted like Skippy. I LOVE PB (I probably have a pb fold over sandwich every other day) and this just didn't work for me. I'll probably try another sweet one next time.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,8/17/2012,53,138,2,5,3>A true farm to table experience at this fabulous Charm City hot spot!  We've only been for brunch and have been completely satisfied both times!  The food is full of flavor, hearty, and obviously fresh!  The french press coffee is rich and will quickly give you the morning caffeine jolt that us coffee lovers seek!  The grass fed chocolate milk on the kids menu is the most delicious chocolate milk that i have ever tasted, needless to say, my DD had it slurped down before the food was even close to arriving!The service is fabulous from the valet parking, hostess, waiter, and servers, you'll be pleased with all the all around experience.  Prices are reasonable for the amount and quality of food you're receiving.  Our group of 10+3 kids tallied a bill of $254 and we all ordered drinks, a few pots of coffee, and dessert.  Not bad at all!Just a few tips:1. Always  make a reservation--as i mentioned above, this is a Charm City hots spot and is always packed, don't expect a quick seating if you just show up.  2.  If you get warm easily, especially in the summer, request a table in the side room.  The middle of the restaurant warms up quickly since it's right in front of the brick oven and it's an open lofty style floor plan, so of course sitting upstairs is a little toasty. 3.  Savor every bite you take!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,8/16/2012,125,176,2,4,5>Yeah pretty much the best authentic chinese place in the greater Baltimore area. Its a hole in the wall fo sho. But don't let that outer appearance fool you. Grace Garden is a gem. It offers food that i've never had before but every dish we ordered was good -- such as the fish noodles, braised pork belly, fried shrimp, squid, tofu, and can't forget about the crispy eggplant. The flavors are complex and tastes fresh. I haven't had much experience with authentic chinese food, but if this isn't it, then I don't know what is. If the prices were a bit cheaper, this place would be a definite 5-stars. Please GG, stay a hidden gem and keep your prices low so I can keep coming back during lunch.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/15/2012,133,198,5,5,4>So before going to see the move "The Avengers" my wife and I decided to give Wit and Wisdom a try. We have heard nothing but good things about it and we visit the attached coffee shop, no affiliation, Lamill a lot (Definitely recommend their coffee and beignets). This place is located in the bottom of the new and gorgeous Four Seasons hotel. The space for Fox and Owl is very warm and inviting.  There is a large circular bar in the middle with couches surrounding a fire place.  There are also other cozy lounging areas as well.  When you walk in you immediately smell the wood fire grill. No really, the smell punches you in the face and I love it. Anything cooked over a wood grill has to be awesome, as long as it is executed properly. We were immediately seated and I noticed there were a couple of guys with ear pieces in and it made me wonder who was in the building. Low and behold sitting behind us was the Governor or Maryland. Hope that wasn't tax payer dollars he was using!Our server was awesome and was very knowledgeable about the menu and the drink menu. The beer list is above average, but the wine list is remarkable. WOW, is all I can say. If you cannot find a wine in this place that you like, you suck at life and should not be allowed to drink the glorious fruity beverage. After reviewing the menu and making a tough decision on an appetizer we went with the Charcuterie Plate. These are in house cured meats and they sounded good, our server sold us on them. When they came to the table the lovely meats included, beef tongue, prosciutto de parma, scrapple, chicken liver mousse, spicy cap, 2 kinds of in house cured ham, olive loaf, pickled beans and peppers and a baguette. My favorite, the beef tongue. Oh man did they hit that one out of the park! Highly recommend trying this app.For dinner my wife ordered the Amish chicken and I ordered the rabbit 3 ways. Additionally, we ordered a side of the sun chokes with an egg on top and the hush puppies. My wife's chicken was awesome but my rabbit was by far the winner today. It came with a rabbit "chicken fried steak", rabbit sausage, and then a pulled bbq rabbit hiding underneath accompanied by 3 types of mushrooms and a jus. I am not going to lie; I was slightly aroused that rabbit was so good.  When I finished the sausage, I swore I found religion!  The hush puppies were OK and the sun chokes were really good, however there was a lot of oil and butter at the bottom of the cast iron pan, so that was a little bit of a turn off. By the way, people were complaining about small portions and I don't understand why. The entrees were quite large and I was stuffed after eating the entrees. In fact I had to power through the food wall to finish it.  And trust me, I can put the food away and this was no easy task.The desert menu looked really good; I just DID NOT have any room. Instead I ordered a delicious coffee, which came from Lamill and it just rocked. Overall, this meal was great, easy 5 stars.  Probably one of the better meals you will have in Baltimore. The only downside to this place is the price tag that comes along with the farm to table restaurants. This place uses all local ingredients which cause the prices of the menu items to rise, so be prepared for your wallet to get punched in the kidneys. Also be sure to go outside of your box and try something different, this menu definitely lends to that experience. I will definitely return to try the venison they had on the menu!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/14/2012,45,104,5,9,10>So a vegan walks into an Italian pastry shop...Sounds like a joke right? But I'd just finished an interview in Hampden and biked down to Little Italy for another interview with a growling stomach, empty head, and 20 minutes to spare. I needed coffee and I needed it quick and Piedigrotta was nearby so I decided to give it a try.The temptations were overwhelming; slices of cake the size of my head, homemade pasta, gelato, and a million other things I choose not to eat stared me in the face and invited me to give them a try. Even if I hadn't been starving the temptation would have been hard to resist but once I spied the shelves of homemade bread I knew what I had to do. I bought a loaf of semolina and an iced double espresso and left in hurry so I didn't have to spend any more time staring at pastries. After devouring half the loaf and drinking the coffee in about 2 minutes flat I was shocked to realize that I was not only happy but perfectly satisfied. The bread was soft and chewy and tasted incredibly fresh and the coffee was strong and flavorful without being bitter. I figure if they can impress me this much with just coffee and bread then their pastries and other food must be amazing!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,8/13/2012,61,215,,4,4>Wish I'd known about Charmington's when I lived in Charles Village - this is fantastic coffee!If I were asked to create an ideal coffee shop environment to write in, with an ideal menu, this would be it - comfortable chairs and couches (not franchisey or boring, but also not trying too hard). Great cookies. And fantastic coffee - proper espressos, really good drip.Worth the trip - you may have to fight for parking, but just keep telling yourself that it's worth it - it definitely is.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/12/2012,63,182,,5,3>As I walked into Robert Andrew on my first visit I couldn't believe how large it was.  I almost thought that I had walked into the wrong place as it looks almost like a store when you walk in.  They have aisles of make-up, jewelry, and hair products.  They also have stations set up for make-up application with bare escentials products.  I was asked to sit by the fountain while I waited for the hair stylist.  Yes, there is a fountain in the middle of the place with little bistro tables set up.  All I went in for this time was for hair color and I was impressed that the stylist worked with me to get exactly what I wanted.  She even applied different colors so my roots wouldn't look brighter than the rest of my hair.  The only thing that I didn't like was that I had to have a cut or style with my hair color.  I think the receptionist said that this was only for my first visit, but I am not positive.  I guess I can see the reason for it, as usually I get a hair cut when I color my hair but this time I really had just wanted a hair color.  That said, my stylist was very friendly and she did a great job on my hair.  She also took notes on what she was doing with my hair for future visits.  She made sure to check my hair and when she saw that my roots were still brighter she applied more dye so that they would be darker.  Another perk is that her station was right next to the small pond next to the complex so I had a nice view of the pond and geese while I was getting my hair styled.  I have not tried the other services, but I have been wanting to go back and try a bunch of the spa treatments.  I had never considered going to Robert Andrew for hair services before, but while doing research I noticed it was equally as expensive as other places so I figured I would give it a shot.  I would definitely go back!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,8/11/2012,33,90,,4,4>This place has been a great addition to Fed Hill.  When I first moved to the area a couple years ago, I always wondered why there weren't any decent ice cream spots in the neighborhood given B'more's sweltering summers (I even schemed randomly about opening my own).  Finally someone figured it out.  It's clean and bright with a nice selection of rotating flavors and enough toppings to please even the pickiest eaters.  All that for less than the cost of a mixed drink makes Afters a winner in my book - plus you can feel relatively healthy since you're eating froyo as opposed to fatty ice cream.  My only complaint is the price of their other desserts, which were kinda steep last time I checked ($5+ for small cakes, etc.).  Oh yeah, don't forget to ask for a loyalty card when you go...
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,8/10/2012,381,200,3,3,4>Jimmy D's is family run and owned and has been a staple in the Cedonia/Gardenvillage area for around 20 years or so, everyone and their mother knows about it. The main customer skeem is anyone in the vacinity looking for a quick and cheap convenience of chips, soda, candy, cigarettes or other small amenities. This is a munchie spot. For regular customers, they are aware of the deli counter near the back of the store that serves small sandwiches like ham & cheese. If you are living on a budget, ask someone how it is? ....Personally, I'd be a little scared given the outlook of the place.     Hella cheap 5 cent candy and little deals on snacks...The only other option is for walkers to stroll up to 7Eleven but not everyone is for that walk, sooooo Jimmy D's it is!!!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,8/9/2012,119,457,2,5,4>How I had never been here during the past 8 years I've lived in Baltimore, I don't know (and holy shit I just realized I've lived here for 8 years...). Regardless, finally came, and can't wait to come back!My main reason for not having come here yet is the parking situation that I like to avoid in the area. Totally never thought to just park in the garage at the Belvedere, which worked out perfectly.My friend's husband, who is a brewer here, had a surprise happy hour for his wife back in March in the downstairs bar area. We were all in the darkest little alcove possible, but it was a perfect size for the 20 or so people who were there. Definitely takes your eyes a bit to adjust to just how dark it is, but it was great. The happy hour specials are apparently pretty awesome which I didn't realize until I got the bill. They had taken our crab dip off because it took like an hour to get after they gave it to another table, but, even with multiple drinks, and a few other food items, the tab for me and the 2 other people on it was still less than $50 when I was fully expecting it to be upwards of $100. There seemed to be only 1 bartender for the downstairs bar, but he was great and incredibly quick, which was good because even on a Monday night this place was packed. Everyone else has already said it, but you definitely can't come here without ordering the garlic fries. And multiple pieces of gum for afterwards, they're intense
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/8/2012,71,56,3,8,6>I love this studio my two oldest come here for acting classes. My oldest is 14 so he pretty much just wants to play the video games. However when he comes here his coach Kim brings a totally side of him out. He smiles becomes more out going and most recently in the play Grease he was a "Greaser". I did not know he had it in him. Love this studio and Kim
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,8/7/2012,80,198,3,7,2>Full count, here's the pitch - Home Run!So a group of friends and I were trying to find a new place to eat. We first tried two places in Columbia (Strike 1 and Strike 2). The time being 7:30 on a Saturday night, every place had a 25+ min wait... a def. no go... Full Count! lol... So we found El Nayar on Yelp and said, lets try it out... how bad could it be... Boy did we hit a home run!!El Nayar is a sweet small shop right on Fredrick Rd right off of 695. When you first walk in you know this is a mom and pop shop... hand written signs, hand written board with the specials. Its a fairly small place, only about 10-12 tables, but the great part is, most of tables are booths!! (Everyone loves booths! so you get your pick!! :) )Now onto the menu. The menu is decent, they offer a good array of different types of food, but the thing they do best here is classic Mexican food.To start off they bring you the standard chips and salsa. The chips are great and the salsa tastes fresh. If you like HOT salsa ask for it! and Also ask for the Salsa VERDE! Killer killer sauce, great flavor without burning your face off! Lol!. Next, ordering, is a fun one too, the big difference here is that they offer alot of food on their al a carte menu on top of platters, combinations, etc etc. So we ordered just about everything on the menu tacos, tostadas, sopa's, burritos, and enchiladas. Lets start with the Tacos: Great size(smaller tortillas) and flavor and the toppings (sauteed onions with veggies) were awesome!. Tostadas: One of the best tostadas  I have ever had, great crispness and flavor and the shell stayed crispy till the end!! Unreal! Sopa's: Crispy but yet slightly doughy. and the toppings were great as well!! Burrito: Large and in charge. Stuffed inside the veggie burrito was a sliced avocado and sliced jalapeno's... You can't get that Chipotle! Overall the food was outstanding, totally fresh, jumping with flavor, and the selection was great as well!!Last but not least, the service at El Nayar is attentive but not overbearing. They really only have 3-4 people working the whole place, 1-2 cooks and 2 servers... so  the service can get a little slow but they do a good job a keeping up with drinks and any questions or concerns you may have. Note: El Nayar is a BYOB place!! Yeppy! So bring your drinks, and they will even open  and refrigerate the bottles for you!!l! Again El Nayar is def. worth a try, I would 100% go back, heck already have! lol So amigos, check it out and enjoy!Hey whole stole my sombrero! Salud Amigos!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,8/6/2012,103,88,4,4,4>This place is amazing. Definitely my favorite of the Indian restaurants I've been to and approved by my Indian girlfriend. The decor is tasteful and modern, better than most Indian restaurants I've been to. The service is polite and attentive, well dressed and groomed as well. The first time I came here it was for dinner and I had the butter chicken as spicy as they made it and it was one of the best thing I've ever eaten. Incredibly spicy and flavorful, I ate until I could eat no more and enjoyed the leftovers very much the next day.I came back today for the lunch buffet and was similarly impressed. The chicken tikka was delicious and the sauce rich, the fresh dosas were a nice touch and every dish I tried was delicious and memorable which is impressive for a buffet. For dessert I had very good rice pudding and some tasty chai tea as well. Nothing to dislike here, I will be back as soon as I can reasonably justify it ;) 5 stars. No doubt.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,8/5/2012,179,576,3,4,4>A large group of friends and I came here for the Beer and Fear Terrapin Adventure and we had a fabulous time.  The weather had threatened to be stormy that day but it ended up being great.  Our instructor was awesome and managed to remember everybody's name, a feat I find very impressive.  We started with the swings which went from thrilling to kind of relaxing, as relaxing as swinging with two other people can be.  We then moved on to the ropes course and I had my moments of "Holy Crap!" but we all made it through (some of us a little more elegantly than others) and shimmied our way down and on to the zipline.  While not the longest or the highest zipline I have been on (hey... they are limited on space), it was fun for a quick zip.  We also had the chance to try out the rock wall and I succeeded in making it all the way to top despite every muscle in my upper body resisting the climb.  We followed our mini adventure with a much needed break at Ram's Head for a beer sampler and some grub.  Not a bad way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,8/4/2012,155,197,9,9,5>I can NOT believe I've lived in Fed Hill for almost a year and only just visited this place the night before President's day.The lady bartenders were awesome. Instead of hot-pant wearing over-makeupped sorostitutes, there were a couple of actual honest-to-goodness women tending bar. And they can pour a MEAN drink. The bar food was super tasty - pierogies and wings, my friends, never get old as drinking food. Especially at this establishment. The joint is HUGE - there is space and room for everyone, regardless if you're looking for a neighborhood dive bar, dance bar, pool club, whatever. They have it.As other reviewers mentioned, the Reagan memorabilia is a bit much, but if republicans can pour me so much amazing rum, I'm game for hanging with ol' Ronald.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,8/3/2012,54,68,2,4,3>Went here for Brunch on a Saturday morning around 9:00 a.m.. We waited about 15-20 minutes for a table.  From my experiences, if you get here any later than 9:30 a.m., the wait can be about an hour.  The service here is not great and ridiculously slow (considering it's breakfast food), but IMO, the food is totally worth the wait! We always order their captain crunch french toast to share with the table.  Great flavor (not too sweet), served with whipped cream, and seasonal fresh fruits.  The toast is just the right balance of crispy and soft.  I usually their G&G Country Scramble because I love their country gravy and biscuits.  So filling and full of flavor!  I've also had a variety of their omelettes, which are also very good and good sized portions.  Even my husband always has leftovers, and he can eat ALOT!  Their hash browns are okay.  I've definitely had better ones elsewhere
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,8/2/2012,51,19,4,11,5>Similar to the other reviewer I'm not a big fan of getting haircuts. I just hate having to describe how i want what ultimately is a very simple standard haircut. This means it really works well to have a local neighborhood barber to goto. You just don't have to explain yourself over and over. Kyle (the guy who owns the place) is a good guy, and he provides a decent haircut. Its not the best haircut I've had, but its also not the worst by a long shot.The prices are very reasonable, and his hours are great. I would recommend avoiding the busiest hours (e.g. saturday) because I think he gets pretty overloaded. I know he calls in some help for saturdays, but it still sounds quite busy. I stick to monday or tuesdays after work.The place is well kept up, clean, and pleasant. He has ample reading material, and a TV to keep you entertained while you wait.I'll keep going here for my haircuts. I like the place and its also great to support your neighborhood barber. I prefer this over supporting "big hair" and their political agenda.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/1/2012,42,42,,9,5>The neighborhood has been abuzz with talk of The Food Market and I finally made it there last night. We had a reservation but arrived very late, the staff was forgiving and did there best to try and accommodate us but eventually I told them to just go ahead and give our resi to someone else while we waited for our entire party to arrive. When we were finally ready they asked us if we wanted to sit at the "community table" - I didn't know they had one! We were totally game and it turned out to be a great call. The large wooden table is right in front of the open kitchen so we could see all the action and was large enough that we never felt like we were on top of other people and it was nice to strike up some random conversations. I would definitely sit there again. Now let's get down to business, the food: AHmazing! The menu is inventive and creative and well thought out and totally lacking in pretension. You can order off the "Little" "Small" "Big" "In Between" and "Everything After". Fun! We ordered the Buffalo Pickles which were so awesome and addictive. Crunchy, savory, with nice heat from the hot sauce and creaminess from the gorgonzola. The amish pretzels with the fondue were also really good but not as mind-blowing as the pickles. We also ordered the cracker fried oysters which were cooked to perfection and super tasty. The salt & pepper tuna was also perfectly seared and served with fresh greens and marinated cucumbers to give a nice fresh accent. Lastly, we ordered the famous lobster fingers with fries. They were also really good, but the one caveat I have is the breading seemed a little heavier than it needed to be. However the lobster was perfectly tender and the honey mustard dipping sauce was really good too. And how often do you notice honey mustard? We also ordered some drinks. I tried the Hampden Hurricane and the Gin Ne Say Pa. The hurricane was not for me. I thought it would be fruitier than it was, but seeing as I've never had a hurricane before I'm not sure I'm the right judge. The Gin drink was much more to my liking with muddled blackberries and basil leaves. Light, fruity, refreshing, perfect. All in all we ended up spending about $100 for two people, 2 drinks each and tons of great food. All in all a really great deal. I will be back soon and often! Oh, and they have free valet parking :)
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,7/31/2012,74,28,3,9,6>Phenomenal.I'm keeping it short n sweet this time.I got the Cuban, he got a traditional burger with a few extra toppings.No fries, but next time I'll be sure to report the status back to my Yelpers!The soda machine- cool!Speedy service and I love the guy with the hat shaped like a cheeseburger. hahahaThe burger was big and we werent extremely hungry so we shared his burger and I refrigerated mine.The Best Part: Woke up the next morning and heated my burger in the microwave and it was the best thing we've ever had! The burger meat was STILL juicy and good not dried out and rubbery- we couldnt believe it... we fought over the last bite (of course I won!)Phenomenal.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,7/30/2012,133,540,,9,5>I have been awaiting the opening of this restaurant for this place for sometime.  It is a block from my house and the spawn of Stillwater Ales and the owner of Jack's Bistro.  The place is a decent size, spread out over 2 floors.  There are 30 plus local brews on tap starring the Stillwater creations.  The menu has some interesting choices including pig's ear (good), duck's tongue (for the daring), beef tartare and a gold burger (It is freaking gold in color) served on a whole wheat croissant.  There are other less risky choices as well.  Glad this place opened in the neighborhood.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,7/29/2012,178,175,4,4,3>What started out as a working meeting turned into a 5 hr hang out session at the Seas.I started my beer selections off with the usual, Loose Cannon.  So not to feel like I was having a liquid lunch solely, I ordered the Fried Oyster Po Boy.  It was fat, deliciously golden fried and deelish.  My Sea Nymph beer was the perfect complimentary drink to pair with it.  After trying the Pale Ale, I decided to dive in and have the pimilico pie! I will not give out the ingredients and will suggest you check them out...ok ok ok i'll tell you it comes with a nice scoop of Cardamon ice cream....shhhhhhhhhhhhh. :)I guess you thought i was finished... nope.I capped my visit off with one of the best savory kick ass bloody mary i've had in a moment as i chilled in the beer garden.Sail the seas and check into this Alehouse ;)
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/28/2012,154,580,3,4,5>Whaaaat?  No one has written a review for First Sundays???!!! For Shame!!!!I love this quaint little festival so much that is it is on my calendar so I can make sure that I plan to go. This is a monthly downtown Annapolis tradition.  Arts, jewelry, gifts, household items, gifts...you name it it will most likely be there. Every month, there seems to be something different down here. I always try to buy birthday gifts from here.  They have adorable and unique stuff.  I'm all about online shopping for convenience. Amazon is great!    But Amazon can't beat the charm of the Annapolis community coming together every month to support local art, performances, food and shopping.  It just doesn't happen online.  I never really got a chance to sit down and watch any of the performances, but you can hear the music throughout the festival.  They also seem to have a lot if kid friendly shows.  Probably to occupy the kids while Mom splurges on new earrings.  BTW, every time I go I am amazed as to how many dogs and their parents are there.  I feel a bit left out because I don't have a pooch of my own.  I would consider this event to be very dog friendly.If you have never been, I highly recommend.  I usually go to festival and hit up Reynold's Tavern for some Afternoon Tea.  How is that NOT an awesome Sunday Afternoon?
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,7/27/2012,43,72,2,5,3>As a life long sailing, I was first attracted to the DSC because I came out on an evening when they were running an Accessible event that took people with disabilities out of their wheelchairs and into boats. I was really impressed that sailing could be used in such an awesome way. Beyond that, I've loved getting to know the DSC community of instructors and sailors and thinks it's a great organization that allows the people of Baltimore to get out for an INCREDIBLE view of the city and go sailing! And there's Thursday night racing which is a total blast. I highly recommend this place because it's affordable, has a community centered mentality, and, well, it helps satisfy my love for sailing!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/25/2012,197,128,7,15,4>Thank GOD!!! Finally a place on the square with decent grub that isn't Mama's (*no offense to Mama's, your steamed shrimp are the tits and all, but you're just so gash darn popular, it can be taxing to get a table). Stopped by Plug's last week for lunch with my friend Bella, and was surprised by how busy the place was on a weekday. All the tables downstairs were filled, but luckily they have ample seating, and promptly showed us to an upstairs booth. Thematically, Plug's hit it spot-on: rich dark wood interior, a grandiose, finely carved mega-bar, and varnished church pews as booth-seats, make guests feel transported into an old London publick house. Perusing the menu, Bella and I decided to both get sandwiches. I went with the oyster po' boy, and she ordered the Plug Ugly burger. The food came out in good time, hot, and fresh. The oyster po' boy featured delicate crispy fried oysters on a toasted baguette, with greens, tomato, and Cajun remoulade. Knowing that some oyster po' boys can end up soggy and overjuiced, I have to say that this one was perfectly executed. The burger was straight-up grilled, ground, savory bison, topped with cheddar, salty applewood bacon, and a decadent fried egg, and sandwiched within a toasted english muffin. The muffin is key here, as the nooks and crannies deftly soak up the yolk of the egg in little pockets of sunshiny goodness*. Both sandwiches came with fries, which, in my experience, are some of the better ones I've tried in Baltimore. For the Marylanders out there, they're your standard Thrasher's Boardwalk-style fries (sans vinegar), but with an extra layer of richness in flavor that we struggled at first to identify. They don't advertise them as truffle fries, but both Bella and I noted some serious hints of that telltale earthy goodness, so we'll leave that debate open-ended. Either way, get these fries.Plug Ugly's: decor's got character, food's got spunk, and the waitstaff is eager to please. 4 stars in general, and especially since it blows most** other Canton spots out of the water.*If you go with the burger, the fried egg was just a tad overdone in my opinion. Ask for it over easy if you want that delicious drizzling drippy yolk action.**Exclusions being Jack's Bistro, Mama's, Langermann's, Blue Hill, Gin Mill.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/24/2012,115,493,8,10,10>Dear Wegmans,I have never loved a grocery store until I stepped foot into the one at Marketplace Mall in Rochester, NY. It was exciting to see such a wide variety of offerings at the local supermarket. My love for you grew when I discovered the Pittsford Wegmans; the main HQ of Wegmans and dubbed the "Super Wegs." I dearly missed that Wegmans when I left upstate/western NY. Shopping at Wegmans spoiled me in terms of the wide variety of fresh goods. Whenever I went back, I would sneak a few loaves and other misc. Wegmans goods in my luggage. Now, my heart rejoices that there is a shiny, brand new Wegs nearby!  One thing that Wegmans prides in itself is: friendly, knowledgeable service and variety. I'm happy to find that there is great consistency in Wegmans across several states. This Wegmans has all of the freshly baked bread loaves (the marathon one is one of my favorites), a good variety of fresh produce, seafood and meat counter, etc. They even have red hots and white hots!! And Zahlen's hot dogs! In addition, like other Wegmans, this store wide variety of hot foods to go (from the homestyle, to dim sum, Thai, and Indian), salads (though, not that many specialty salads like the NY Wegmans), sushi, pizza, sandwiches, soups, etc. You pay per pound, so watch out as it can get a bit pricey if you're not paying attention to what you're putting in your container. There is a 2nd floor of seating and outdoor parking lot-view patio as well. Be sure to allot plenty of time while shopping here. There's nothing more fun than browsing all of the aisles discovering new items.This Wegmans has plenty of parking. It might be a bit jammy trying to get in, but the Wegmans staff is trying to facilitate parking due to the grand opening crowds. Also, it isn't open 24/7 like the other Wegmans I've been to; This one is open from 6 am to midnight.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,7/23/2012,26,201,,4,3>What a great place to visit on a Fall Day!! Bring a blanket and some chairs, picnic if you want!  There were some food options when we were here.  I got a BBQ sandwich, Italian sausage and potato salad and it was good.  We ordered a cabernet which was delicious.  We went on a guided tour through the winery and also partook in a hay-ride around the vineyard.  It was a great day! My only minor complaint is that I wish the lady we ordered the wine from went a little more into the wine and the taste rather than just handing us a wine list with the descriptions on it.  Boordy, hoping to come for a Winter Soup in the barn day!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,7/22/2012,175,161,17,20,15>My favorite sammich is their Reuben and it's meaty mound of succulent corned beef, good sum of sauerkraut, and seamless melted Swiss. A skosh more Russian dressing wouldn't hurt. But waitaminit. My favorite sammich is their Chopped Liver & Onions. Hold on. My favorite sammich of their's has to be the spicy Beef Liverwurst. Ok, you get the point: I hadn't one miss eating from Attman's Authentic New York Delicatessen.A major favorite of mine being their New Yorker sammich. A drool-worthy, moist, tasty, hot pastrami laden, meaty beast bolstered by robust homemade chopped liver liberally slapped on rye. For another $3.25 sammiches come "extra heavy", but they're ample enough as is.Some say service sucks. I say, this joint's popular and patience is a virtue. Or order via their web page or by phone for pick-up. Some say their sammiches aren't as "bravura" as New Yawk delis. I say, screw the pomp & circumstance. It's Bawlmer. Attman's the 97 year old benchmark by which other area deli fare's judged. Some say this joint's overpriced. Their sammiches run $5-$17. I say, you get what you pay for.All this about Attman's makes me crave their Jewish Hard Salami. Y'all know it's my favorite sammich.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/21/2012,27,113,2,13,6>Sure the crab cakes are very good. The fried soft shelled crab sandwiches are justly famous. And your can get all sorts of fresh and exotic Chesapeake Bay food here to prepare at home (muskrat when it is in season) but the reason I go to Faidley's is the raw bar. I've slurped oysters at raw bars around the world and Faidley's is still my favorite.Ever since my father took me here as a kid  for raw oysters over 45 years ago, Faidley's has been the standard to which all other raw bars must be measured. Belly up to the bar and order a beer and a dozen raw oysters for a lunch that can't be beat. Choose from a variety of bivalves plucked fresh from the many branches of the Chesapeake and soak up the atmosphere of over a hundred years at the same location. Hard boiled eggs are available with an egg slicer for the only in Baltimore experience of raw oyster topped with a slice of hard boiled egg and hot sauce  for a small additional charge.The guy who shucks the oysters always has a portable DVD player showing bootleg movies a few weeks before they premiere in theaters. Big tippers walk away with a copy to watch at home. The guy's ancient mother is also always hanging out at  the bar flirting with customers. I always leave with a DVD and a smile... Check it out for a real old school Baltimore experience.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,7/20/2012,59,224,5,7,6>Dined on 11/19/2011I should've done this sooner...they deserve 5 frikin stars!!!Doesn't seem like the type of restaurant to take your wife to for your wedding anniversary, but thanks to a major paper due over the weekend we were stuck at home!!!So tonight we decided to go all out... yuppers anniversary dinner at a pizzeria...lol!! But we didn't eat pizza, but that would have been awesome too!!!We decided to try their crab cakes tonight...OMG!!!!My wife had the Jumbo crab cake special. They really mean jumbo... this thing made Burger King's Double Whopper look like a Wendy's Jr cheeseburger...lol. You gotta look at the pictures... the thing is monstrous... and almost no fillers, just lots and lots of jumbo lump crab...yummmmm!!!I ordered the Seafood pasta special with 2 large crab cakes, 6 jumbo shrimp, and a bunch of medium sized bay scallops with more lump crab meat spread throughout the rose (pink) sauce over the ziti. Again see the pictures.Fortunato's crab cakes made a lot of fancy seafood restaurants look chintzy and cheep. But the best part was they were frikin awesome....YYYuuuuuummmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!! As Guy Fieri says..."This is Killer"!!!Kowabunga Dude!!!!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,7/19/2012,31,103,,9,4>I was absolutely shocked at how tasty the carne asada burrito ($8) was---the best burrito that I have tried in Bmore but not as good as the legendary Mission Street burritos in San Francisco. The second I bit into it, the mix of flavors---carne asada, generous portion of guacamole, salsa, cheeses, culminated nicely together and made me smile.  The steak was very flavorful given that they marinated the meat. My only qualm is the fact that the meat was pre-made thus it was a little dry. Another impressive aspect was the fact that all the extra fixings such as the guacamole, sour cream, assortment of cheeses, etc, were free--score one for Pops Tacos.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,7/18/2012,747,595,,7,5>Down's Park is a very scenic, quite and out of the way place to go for a walk / jog / bike ride. Located on the Magothy River, at the end of Mountain Road in Pasadena, MD, finding the park isn't too hard.No camping if offered, however there are many pavilions offered for party rentals / cook outs. Grounds are clean and safe and all rentals offer grills/ shaded cover.There is small limited beach access. On the way to the beach the paths are good for a run / bike ride and offer pull-up bars and rest / water stations on the path's).Less than $10 entry and the park is open early from 7am until dusk.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,7/17/2012,46,133,12,6,4>Great shop! And yeah, dudes can go to toy shops too (try it fellas, your lady might appreciate a surprise and they won't steer you wrong here). Mind you I am a sucker for a nice puppy too, so I may be be a bit biased and have an ulterior motive (seriously, cute dog and super sweet). I love how the shop is set up. They do a good job of using the space they have and the utilize their displays well. The shop is definitely quality over quantity, so don't expect the usual floor to ceiling metal racks with oodles of china made anatomy hanging all over the place. I do wish their erotica section was a little bigger but I can deal. I will say that the erotica they do have is a good mix of atypical stuff so if you're looking for something other than the typical dribble they might be able to help you. This is a great place for couples or anyone who is sex positive and looking to price some gadgets or talk about the pros and cons of various insertables with some very knowledgeable and helpful staff. The great atmosphere in this place makes me want to support it. I like that it is owned by a chick. It is so far from the typical toy shop that makes you want to nail yourself in the thigh with a penicillin autoinjector upon entering. I hear they have classes and I would love to go to a few sometime and if I do I will update if I go to any couples ones.  None of you have any idea how many puns I had to edit out of this to get a half decent review. It ain't easy being sleazy, I can tell you that much.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,7/16/2012,21,61,3,6,4>2.5 years ago, it was love at first sight. This is hands down my favorite place in Bmore. Prior to joining the MAC, I had never had a gym relationship that lasted longer than a month and credit them for preserving my sanity while stuck in Bodymore Murderland.This gym has everything you could possibly need or want, and more that you didn't realize you even needed until you suddenly found them lacking in other gyms you visited. I could laundry list all the basics (machines, pools, classes), but since anyone could get that info off a website, I thought I'd share some of my favorite less obvious amenities.- 'coin' lockers outside the locker rooms in case you just want a safe place for valuables- swimsuit dryer- body composition scales- plenty of towels- covered hand weights (so much better than bare iron)- fans in the large group exercise room (you'd be surprised how many gyms lack this)- free guest passes if you call a day aheadThe one thing to note is that parking is not free. However, you could always park in the Whole Foods garage down the street (they validate for up to 2 hours with a WF receipt).
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,7/15/2012,93,214,,6,4>Went here for a date night. The food and service were soooo great!!!For appetizers we had the prawns (again) and the oysters. They were both really tasty, but I was disturbed again about the small quantity of prawns (this time, there were only two.) Hopefully, I will remember not to get that next time.I tried the rosemary cocktail, which was perfectly refreshing and not overly sweet -- just how I like it. With dinner, I had the sangria with juice chips. I highly highly highly recommend the sangria! It was soooooo good!!!For entrees, my husband scored - the Indonesian Tuna is melt-in-your-mouth-amazing! The portions were generous and it was so so good! I had the crabcakes again, and they were really really good too, but the Tuna was the super-score of the night.For dessert, we shared the maple creme brulee. I consider my husband and I to be creme brulee coneseurs. This was one of the very best creme brulees we have ever had! Wonderful wonderful wonderful! I would not recommend this place for kids. The place is a little too fancy for young kids.What I like about this place is that it's consistently good. I've been here three times and each time, the service, food and dining experience have been great. I highly recommend this place for a date night!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,7/14/2012,71,270,2,8,4>Breathe books is SUCH a gem. I feel so lucky to have it in my very own little Hampden neighborhood. Breathe is well stocked in books on spirituality, veg cooking, religion, yoga, herbs, natural healing, ayurveda, health, happiness, sexuality, love- you get the point. They also carry other fun treasures like wind chimes, soaps, raw honey, incense, candles, inspirational trinkets, etc, I think its the perfect place to find a gift- big or small- for someone. The staff is helpful and will offer to order any book you cannot find in store. Please resist the temptation to go home and order from Amazon-- support Breathe instead!There are also many wonderful events and classes held in the upstairs portion, Second Wind. There is also a small selection of used books up there. You have to go outside and enter through the side of the building to access Second Wind, and depending on the time, may need to ask whoever is working to open it for you. I REALLY wish I could afford to take this spring's Everything Ayurveda course at Breathe. It looks amazing. If you are interested-- check it out here breathebooks.com/ayurved - this type of experience is a rare treat in Baltimore. You'll feel more relaxed and inspired every time you visit Breathe Brooks. Ahhh....
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,7/13/2012,39,123,,6,5>Good pizza and Baltimore for the most part are not synonymous, until you eat at Joe squared. Naturally, all the pizza's are square shaped. There are quite a few options in terms of pre-created pizza options, including the popular crab pizza, as well as a build-your-own section too. There were also other Italian option on the menu such as various kinds of risotto. However, you need to order the pizza when you eat here.The clam and bacon pizza is especially good. The clams are a bit small but are fresh and have a nice ocean "brineyness" to them which pairs well with the salty smokey bacon lardons. The pie also has sweet vidalia onions and two types of cheeses. I ordered this pizza with arugula as well, which really made it special - easily some of the better pizza I have had. Even if you aren't crazy about clams or shellfish, I would still recommend this pizza. I also tried the BBQ chicken pizza, which comes with corn and fresh avocado. This pizza was also very good but it was a bit too sweet for my taste. Lastly, the fried zucchini appetizer is also very delicious. The thick-cut zuchini slices are breaded and then shallow fried - very tasty. I would highly recommend Joe Squared to just about anyone. The pizza is really good - edgy enough to be interesting but still authentic.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,7/12/2012,34,45,,8,3>First off, I love drive ins so I am biased. We were looking for a movie theater this weekend and happened to be out of the city already and found the drive in on flixter. What a great find!Down side - there are A LOT of house rules, any of which you break and you are automatically kicked out, no questions (a little harsh of a policy if you ask me). You also cannot bring your own food or you have to pay $10. We had brought drinks and the ticket lady said "Unless you want to pay ten dollars, you have to throw those away," so we did.Positives - Two movies for the price of one, one of the workers said sometimes they have three. You get to sit in your car. they have a nice screen and awesome funnel cakes!Also found out they close depeneding on weather. Usually from mid December through mid March they close.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,7/11/2012,75,55,,7,3>I am not going to pretend like this place is gourmet by any means, but for quick delicious and cheap Mexican food, you cant miss!  The service is quick and efficient and at the same time, you never feel rushed.  They have just redone the interior so it is cute and brand spanking new!WARNING- if you go 6:30-8 any night, there will be a wait, but it is normally very quick no matter how daunting the wait looks. There is a clipboard by the entrance near the restrooms (not the one with the cash register).  Just write your name on it.  They are often too slammed to notice new people waiting...Oddly they do not have a light beer that you can get on tap, all amber lagers, its odd.  so dont go looking for a light beer pitcher.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/10/2012,182,475,2,4,3>This was my first time at O's Park and had to say it was a good experience.  Also you CAN bring your own food (in a back pack size) and SEALED plastic bottled NON-ALCOHOLIC drinks (e.g. Coke).  We ended buying dogs and pretzels even though they were over priced, but it was for the expereince.  Not much folks were out so parking was easy to get.  I would love to come out here again and watch another game.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,7/9/2012,47,174,5,10,7>Greasy, tasty goodness!! In all fairness, they were trying to get me to order healthy, offering mixed veggies or salads before fries-at same price!- but, c'mon, when I'm eating out, I'm not shooting for sainthood!Really, really nicely done cafe. The decor is top-notch, nicely painted, very clean and welcoming. Live music at lunch was a nice touch!!  Folk-blues type acoustic singer, nicely done. I'm not usually a fan of hippy music, but she had a good, solid voice.Really good vibe- friendly service, everyone very welcoming. The food was greasy and yummy! Got  a fried fish sub-- nicely done, flounder I believe, Cajun-spiced, good, firm bready roll; some fried onions and chipotle mayo-mmmmmmm!  My wife got a Reuban panini- she thought it was yummy!Only complaint:Greens on my sub had some blackened wilted parts- yuck! I picked them off. To their credit, they used a fancy mesclun mix-- but I think the delicacy of those greens couldn't take the heat of the fish. Appreciate the fancy touch--but there's a reason most sub places use iceberg! Not a big deal, actually-- just the rest of the sub was sooooooo really really good that the wilty piece of lettuce or two surprised and disappointed me. Like finding a zit on Mona Lisa.Sweet Potatoe fries- tad underdone, and unseasoned. Save by mango kethcup- together, they were seriously yummy. Apart-- fries were sadly bland. A few more minutes in fryer, with a dusting of salt, powdered sugar, and cinnamon-- they would have been over the top good. (Clearly they were freshly made.)Coffee looks great.  I was doing carry-out, so didn't get any.  Menu is small but well thought out- kind of a  healthful, pork-free sandwich-shop/Carribean/soul food/coffee house type theme. (It's a mix- it works, though!) I saw a bowl of their mixed veggies brought out- that looked interesting, too. A cabbage-based mix from the looks.I will go again- overall quality so good if you're in the area, I highly recommend stopping in!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/8/2012,131,146,5,13,5>Best place ever! I'm a 5 year veteran to Lake MONTEBELLO. :-) They finally finished the construction that kept us pedestrians from going around the Lake. This is literally the perfect place for everyone. My husband and I joke about one of the exercise areas aptly naming it "Sing Sing". I mean the muscles and attitudes are abound. :-)  Then you have the old-timers who make anybody feel like Gladys Knight's fine self. Bikers out here are serious so stay in your respective lanes. :-) This is a great place to tan, bird watch, save a tree, run, walk, people watch, detail a car and get in some Frisbee. Love lake montebello!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,7/7/2012,93,199,4,8,5>After looking at several venues for my wedding, I looked up M&T Bank Stadium and called their event planning team through Aramark. I spoke to a woman named Maggie and she took down my information and immediately sent me an email with their pricing and availability. After speaking with my fiance and mother, we set up a time to meet with Maggie and look at the space in the stadium. Since the stadium is so large, they can host several events at one time and we looked at the club level area that would accommodate our 100 guests. After our initial meeting with Maggie, we decided this is the place that we wanted to have our reception. We would have access to the field for pictures, to the seats during cocktail hour and the reception, and the tables would look lovely once we had our tablecloths and centerpieces set up. Maggie was very nice and professional and we began emailing back and forth with her about anything and everything. No matter how silly (or repetitive) our questions were, she answered them and even gave suggestions and referred us to a couple of vendors. We already had the cake ordered, the photographer and the florist lined up, but we were still in need of a DJ. Maggie suggested their in house DJ, C&J Entertainment, and we couldn't have been happier. My parents and fiance and I looked over the reception menus and decided on a seated dinner with a choice of steak or chicken. Aramark also does buffet style, but we wanted the reception to be more formal. We weren't sure of which appetizers we wanted for cocktail hour, so we chose three and then decided on our final selection at the tasting. When we met with Maggie for the food tasting, we went to one of the suites and there was a table decorated with a nice table cloth, plates, silverware and drink ware like it would be on the night of the reception. Another table was nicely lined with soda and water and we were served each appetizer and dish by the head chef and waitress. Everyone was so professional and the food was delicious. We tried the mini spring rolls, antipasto croustade and mini crab cakes. We decided on the spring rolls and mini crab cakes in addition to a waterfall display of cheese and veggies for the cocktail hour. Next we tried two salads: mixed field greens and a grilled romaine salad. We decided on the latter because the mixed field greens was so ordinary. Lastly, we tried our two main courses. The steak was served with French green beans and risotto (SOOO GOOD) and the chicken was served with a sweet potato puree and baby carrots. Both dishes were delicious and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted the night of the reception. The last time we met with Maggie was a few days before the wedding. We dropped off everything that she needed for the reception: tablecloths (they can order them or you can provide your own, but we found it cheaper to buy our own), bowls and fake flower petals for the centerpieces, cake topper and serving set for the cake, name cards and seating chart, a frame that we wanted signed, gift envelope box and tea light candles. We told Maggie exactly where we wanted everything set up, how we wanted the table cloths and centerpieces arranged and which tables we wanted next to each other. She drew a layout and told us not to worry and that everything was under control. The day of the wedding had finally arrived! The ceremony at the church went off without a hitch and we arrived at the stadium a bit late (limo problem, do not use Z Best) but as soon as the wedding party got there, Maggie had some appetizers waiting for us and then took us onto the field for pictures. Since we were so late and had to rush, Maggie let us know that we were more than welcome to take more pictures if we wanted to come back another day. She then escorted us up to our hall and then we got ready to be introduced by the DJ. The rest of the night was a blur, but after the wedding we kept getting so many compliments on how good the food was, how nice the reception was and what a great time everyone had. Maggie and the team at Aramark are truly amazing and made our night one that we will never forget! I definitely recommend using them for your event!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,7/6/2012,92,183,,5,7>Just a little shack that I have passed every day on my way to work for the last four years. Did not know about it till a Yelp event when we got into a decision about pit beef. Read the reviews and. so we decided to try it since  we do not have students till next week and can actually go out for lunch. It was just a 5 minute drive around the corner and under the bridge to get there. It was around 12:30 and the place was starting to get busy. We decided to eat at one of the picnic tables outside as there was a nice breeze blowing. The whole time we were eating there was a steady stream of people in line. Most doing carry out. At one time there was a line out the door but it moved quickly. As we entered the small shack there is a huge sign with your menu choices. We all went for the regular pit beef. I got mine on a wheat bun which was nice and soft and fresh. There were over ten items you could have on your sandwich and I choose just horse radish and onions. There is tiger sauce, barbeque sauce, honey mustard, mayo, etc. Everyone made their sandwich unique. I ordered mine medium rare and was given a piece to sample. I licked my fingers it was so good. The beef is piled high on that sandwich and I enjoyed every bit of it. One of the best I have ever had. The fries were delicious....looked like boardwalk kinda fries. Only complaint is that I wish they were hotter but they gave you so many I was glad I split it with someone. The sandwiches were a little over $5 and the huge servings of fries was in the 2 something neighborhood. A wonderful inexpensive delicious lunch. Who knew this gem was always just a short drive from work. The servers were so friendly and seemed to really enjoy their job. So polite and helpful.You can bet this school year we will be sending someone to grab some of these sandwiches for lunch.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,7/5/2012,131,357,,7,4>If you love fire engines or Baltimore fire history, this is the place for you. You will find antique to modern fire equipment. You'll see elaborately painted and adorned horse drawn antique fire fighting equipment. The museum even has an exhibit on the Great Fire of Baltimore (1904). You can even see full size fire engines from different parts of the city and outside of the state. It is kind of like Eye Spy walking through the museum. You'll find different things set throughout the museum like an antique ESSO gas pump, vintage gas cans, fire chief badges, antique signs and pictures. There is even a beautiful restoration of a cast iron facade to a former fire company from 1871. Children will love the playroom. If you want a more personalized experience, the Fire Museum also hosts birthday parties. The museum hosts different outdoor events from spring to fall. They have events spotlighting antique cars, fire engines, Santa on his fire engine and more.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,7/4/2012,21,72,,6,4>I arrived at Indigma frustrated from trying to find FREE parking for a good 20 minutes on a late Friday evening. I'm from North Carolina, so my parallel parking skills are a bit elementary, so I can park with ample space only! lol. So I may have passed a spot or two, but only because it'd take me a good 5 minutes holding up traffic to park. So I just ended up using valet  for $7. Anywho... onto the food review.Am I an adventurous eater? Guilty. Am I a picky eater? Guilty again. So I'll admit that when trying Indian food I go with staples I'm familiar with, then if those met my standards I'll come back again and be the less picky but adventurous gal when ordering.So this was my first time at Indigma. After I calmed down from my parking frustrations, here's what we ordered:-Open Face Vegetable Samosa: Banging! Definitely get this if you come hereChicken Tikki Masala: Wasn't the best I've had, but  it had a little heat, and it was flavorful enough. -Lamb Korma: My friend ordered the Lamb Korma, and I liked that much better than my own. The lamb was nice and tender.-Naan: It was light and fresh.-Basmati Rice: Good covered with the curry sauces from the entrees of course-"Grand" Gulab Jamun: Didn't like this either, it was like two wet doughnut balls soaked in honey and grand mariner. It was really sweet, but I didn't like the consistency/texture of it.  (So we both ordered this initially, and when the owner/head chef saw we hadn't finished the dessert, he offered to let us try the rice pudding on the house.)-Rice Pudding: It was sweet, but there was a spice used that I don't think belonged. And I didn't like the texture of the rice, it wasn't soft enough. I would definitely come back for dinner again, and I would also come back as the adventurous gal to try a variety of items on the grand lunch buffet ;)
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/3/2012,73,124,3,8,6>A photographers dream come true. My buddy and I recently visited the Botanic gardens to enjoy a beautiful Saturday morning of fragrant flowers and to get a few shots for my blog. Well we stayed about 2 hours and had such a wonderful time enjoying this treasure that many people zoom past everyday. My friend who is a up and coming photographer, Dhark (which is a play on his name) told me he had never been here in his life. I told him shame on you! All Baltimoreans need to visit and enjoy this labor of love that is mostly run by volunteers at least once. The greenhouses are small in comparison to the D.C. Botanical garden, but hey then again over in the Capitol they do everything big. Once inside there is a cute cottage style vestibule and the aroma in here is heavenly. Please note it is free to enter, but a small $5 donation would be appreciated!  There are 4 different areas I think I may be short a room but either way each room has it own climate. I find this place very serene and a perfect spot for a date.  Fellas Its very unconventional but a lady would be impressed if you took her here for great conversation and a nice stroll. So there you have it I've gave you something to do on a beautiful Saturday and saved your love life at the same time all free of charge.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,7/2/2012,100,125,4,7,4>Went for a Salsa Meet up I discovered on-line - the place is great and has a fabulous quality floor for dancing - not too sticky so you don't slide when necessary and not too slippery so you don't die on your turns. I don't know what percentage of people where there for the meet up vs. regular salsa night dancers, but it was a great crowd! I loved that the focus was dancing, and even though I went alone I had a blast and shook my money maker to some great classic salsa, bachata, and merengae. A very cool thing is- its BYOB - so you can literally get what YOU want!  That said, I give this place two thumbs up and encourage anyone who wants to "feel the beat of the rhythm of the night" to come here!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,7/1/2012,39,78,2,7,5>Love, love, love it! I would describe Fork and Wrench as a more affordable Woodberry Kitchen and by affordable I don't mean that they cheap out on anything. Everything was amazing! As much as I love Woodberry I would hands-down pick Fork & Wrench any day over them. The food is just as good if not better at half the price!I wasn't sure how things would be since they had only been open for a month which can normally be a questionable time for a new restaurant but they exceeded my expectations! The place looks great inside (the clearly out a lot of effort into decorating it) and it has a nice casual, comfy vibe. We sat at a table in the backroom on the main level. It was a decent size room with tables spread out nicely so that everyone had their own space. We waited awhile before anyone came to our table but it was ok, it was a Friday night and we didn't have to be anywhere! Our waitress told us it was her first day and besides maybe forgetting a drink or two she did a great job, was super enthusiastic, friendly and she knew the menu well. She had tried almost everything on the menu and was able to make great suggestions. I was really impressed by that and it really helped with making a decision on what to get (which could be pretty difficult since everything sounded amazing)! I love Vodka and am not a Whiskey or Gin Girl but they have Bluecoat Gin (an amazing Gin made in Philly by good people we know) and it is a fantastic gin! My husband (also not a big gin guy) drinks it on the rocks. I wouldn't go that far but I had the Field Mouse and it was refreshing, delicious and was a great combination of bluecoat, basil (love) and lemon! They have great wine and beer selections as well. All of the drinks are really reasonably priced. We decided to get a bottle of wine with dinner- I think we chose a pinot noir. It was fantastic and so inexpensive. We started with the Cheese Jar (per recommendations on yelp)- it was FANTASTIC! We also ordered the Wild Mushroom Saute. I wanted to lick the plate they were so good. I could have ordered another plate of them for dinner!Anyone that knows me knows I normally have to look at a menu before I go to the place or I will be there forever trying to make a decision and this was no exception. I finally decided on the scallops, they were amazing. My husband ordered the Rabbit pie. He even convinced me to pretend for a moment that I wasn't eating thumper and I must admit it was pretty fantastic. Unfortunately I had to pass on Creme Brulee, which really was a tough thing for me but I was way too full. Something to look forward to next time!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,6/29/2012,40,283,,6,5>I love the food at this restaurant, and it's become my go-to place for Chinese in Baltimore. Nearly everything I've had here is tasty, and you'll find a much more interesting variety than at a typical Americanized Chinese restaurant. I don't know how truly "authentic" it is, but the menu goes far beyond generic dishes like Kung Pao or General Tso's Chicken.A couple of issues keep this place from earning five stars. One is the hot pot. I ordered it once with some friends and we were not at all impressed. It definitely seemed like the weakest part of their menu. The service can also be a bit erratic, although it's always extremely friendly. When I go with a group of people we often order a number of dishes that are shared between the group, and they usually come out one or two at a time at an unpredictable rate. We also came here once when they were much busier than usual and it seemed like their kitchen couldn't handle a large number of orders very well. I didn't mind since I almost always come with a large group and we plan on having a slow, leisurely dinner. Just be aware of their service issues if you need a quick meal.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,6/28/2012,14,131,,7,3>Due to the bad weather, we decided to eat at a nearby restaurant and Thai food won the what do we eat contest. We always indulge our Thai tastes at Thai Landing because of its convenient location off of the JFK. We had our usual meal starting with some tasty Chicken Satay. The owner was nice enough to give us a six-piece portion instead of four so it could feed three equally. We were not disappointed as the appetizer came out quickly with the peanut sauce, slices of bread (terrible white bag bread) and a dipping sauce with cucumber and onions.  The chicken was tender with nice size pieces and it tasted good to all of us.  We each ordered something different for our main course but we all had seafood as the main protein. Each dish was served with a cup of the fluffy white rice.  I had a one * curry dish featuring tender shrimp, carrots and snow peas. I love the sauce as it is so good on the plain white rice. Another diner had shrimp with mixed vegetables (broccoli, cauliflower and cabbage) no hots  in a mild brown sauce. The third diner had a spicy two * dish that contained tender scallops and an assortment of vegetables in a light brown sauce. They both liked their meals and showed it by cleaning their plates.The owner/waiter gave us unlimited cups of Thai tea. I'm still counting those tea cups an hour after the meal. Of course there were glasses of cold water to help with the "fire in the mouth" condition that sometimes comes with Thai food (it's those HOT peppers).For dessert we tried the Thai rice pudding which is served hot in small cups. It was okay, nothing special, and it tasted like sweetened cream of wheat. I would not order it again.So to sum up the meal: I would rate it good as it has always been as this is a very consistent restaurant. When I looked around the filled room and saw all the happy diners eating their attractively plated meals and looking happy, I felt we had all shared good food and wonderful service on a cold snowy Saturday night in Baltimore.Note: The plates are not large and yes the prices are a bit high, however, I've eaten in less expensive Thai places and found the food not as tasty or as well-prepared. You have to pay for what you eat if you want good food. This placeis not Thai Express Loco.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,6/27/2012,90,93,,6,3>Hole in the wall if I have ever seen one.Small dining room which only accomodates about 15 people max. There are also seats around the counter where you order.All menu items are listed on a blackboard to your left when you first walk in. I have gotten the chicken kabob over rice and falafel in a pita. 3$ extra to make it a combo and have a salad + hummus and pita for dipping. It is definitely worth it.The food is visually stimulating as well as delicious. They have daily specials to choose from too. I am so impressed with this place.The owner is very friendly and nice, and is definitely knowledgeable when coming to order something. My friend was getting the rosemary beef and he suggested not to get the pita sandwich because the mushroom sauce it comes with is better over rice. So he is definitely a source of knowledge when it comes to selecting the best for your order.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,6/26/2012,157,175,3,5,5>I do not have one bad thing to say about this place. Living in Arnold, this place is a quick skip and a jump to visit on the weekends. They are open Thurs, Friday and Saturday - I work too far to pop over during the week but I love going on Saturdays. Sometimes I wish I took advantage of the fact that you can get ALL your grocery shopping here they have absolutely everything. Good prices too. If you're looking for a quick bite. Try their deli - they have MTO sandwiches etc. Or try a Pretzel Log - their specialty. They have a million different options. Pretzel Dogs, Ham and Cheese Log, Pizza Log, Breakfast Log, Chicken Bacon Ranch.. They are all delicious. You can watch them make them! They have a few picnic tables outside if you're looking to sit down or... You can go to my favorite - the little sit-down café. With hands down the BEST deal on breakfast in town. Don't be put off by the long line when you come in Sat mornings, it moves very quickly. It is so cheap and so yummy. 2 eggs, hashbrowns and bacon for like 4 dollars. Can't beat that! When they ask you what kind of toast do you want.. You'll get to choose between apple cinn, cinnamon raisin, peach, etc etc. Can you tell I love this place? Go, go now.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,6/25/2012,65,81,,7,4>I came here on a Saturday afternoon after multiple recommendations of the place.  For a Saturday afternoon at 2pm, this place was packed.   Every table was occupied, and there was a line to order.   After receiving my sandwich I understand why.The BREAD here is AMAZING.   It's cooked in house, with a rustic exterior and a very soft interior.   Not hard or chewy, but still crisp on the outside.   Honestly you could put cardboard soaked in chicken broth inside, and I would still tell you this was an awesome sandwich due to the bread alone.That said, the sandwich contents were very very good.   I got the Chicken Breast Picante.   It was spicy, savory, and buttery all at the same time.   I would definitely get this again, although I saw someone after me order the London Broil, and it looked even better!Oh, and did I mention they have Birch Beer in the soda fountain?   Nice touch!I was going to pick up a pain au chocolat on the way out, but the line was 8 people deep at that point, so I decided to save it for another time.   That said, even though there was a line to order when I got there, my sandwich was out in only 2-3 minutes time.I will definitely be back, over and over and over.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/24/2012,103,142,5,5,4>If you think Korean barbecue is fancy sit-down food, then this place isn't for you.If, on the other hand, you're of the mind that barbecue is barbecue no matter where in the world you're getting it, then you're in just the right frame of mind for Honey Pig.Imagine your favorite Texas barbecue place, with the waitresses with big hair and too much makeup in tight clothes, the smell of smoke in the air, families competing with drunks from the bar, rickety tables, plastic baskets and paper plates and everyone shouting for more because it ain't fancy, it's just GOOD.  Now, just substitute Korea for Texas, and you're there.Oh...did I mention it's CHEAP?  Because it is.  Like, stuffed full of food for under $20 cheap.Add to that the fact that this place is open 24/7 and how can you not love?
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,6/23/2012,334,725,5,7,6>Mona's totally reminds me of the family run snack shops and little restaurants in my home town. Sometimes these are the best places where people come for good food. It's not for the old flooring, bench seats or cheesy decorations. It's for the handwritten signs that they scotch tape over other parts of the homemade made, the Korean soul that is poured into the cooking, and for the magic that they send you home with. Nobody cares if you're wearing your nice suit or your fancy expensive heels today. Everyone has to eat and everyone likes to eat good food. There are a few tables to sit and enjoy eating your delicious chicken bulgogi, beef bulgogi or kimchee soup. You can serve yourself a cold glass of water and cool off in the air conditioning. You'll need it because if you order it nice and spicy like I do, your body is going to turn up the heat. We usually call in our order from work and have someone pick up for everybody (they only take cash). Mona is great, she does vegetarian soups for us and leaves out the shellfish so I don't get an allergic reaction. She's even suggested dishes I would like and how she can tweak it and will send you home with a take out menu. The take out container for about $9 is enough for about 3-4 meals for me but when I share it with other people I have to set some aside if I want a snack later because they always eat it ALL.p.s. go for Korean food. the American sandwich menu is for your one friend who is tired of eating Korean 5 days in a row or the other friend who thinks burgers and chicken tenders are the only good food in life.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,6/22/2012,47,129,7,3,6>Alright everyone, I've discovered the secret to Rocket to Venus:(are you ready?)Dont. Come here. In the daytime.No offense R2V, but this bar really only looks amazing (and it does look pretty amazing) when it's dimly lit. Coming here for brunch totally illuminates things you just kind of wish weren't visible... kind of like when the strip club turns off the black light and all your dancers bruises/track marks become visible.(I'm sorry, but that is a PERFECT ANALOGY)The food here is honestly tasty, I love how many different styles they mash together. I had a Bahn Mi sandwich with beef bulgogi and it was honestly out of this world. The jalapeno sauce attempted to kick my ass but I didn't let it, thanks to a decent beer selection. The aligator is rather chewy, but that's aligator for you. The steamed muscles were delicious. The bartenders were gruff as in, they didn't kiss my ass, but they were professional and attentive.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,6/21/2012,184,163,8,7,6>It's free. It goes to Federal Hill, Harbor East, Fells Point, Johns Hopkins, and even across MLK. It's free. It comes pretty often although in high traffic, it gets delayed like any bus. It's free. It runs a little later on game days and in the summer time, the buses are usually pretty clean and free of creepers/weirdos, and best of all it's free. Did I mention it's free?
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,6/20/2012,121,240,,9,6>Rye has become our new favorite bar in Baltimore. The atmosphere is relaxing (couches in the back are a nice touch) and the drink menu pleases (although I wish that they offered more specialty drinks). The music playing tops everything off nicely because it doesn't suck (think Nicki Minaj) but it's not too hipster. I'm still trying to figure out the servers here. I've sat at the bar and the bartender was on top of everyone at the bar but not at all friendly (there were only 6 people sitting there and I tried to strike up a conversation about the bar but she wanted nothing to do with me). However, I sat in the back with friends one night and our server was so friendly and took care of us.All in all, try it out as one of your first stops in Fells!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/19/2012,74,89,19,10,12>My favorite thing about this place is the fact that it sounds like a dying steam engine trying to escape from the clutches of a half animal, half machine kraken with the brain of a brilliant scientist lodged firmly in a crystal dome, covered in electrodes that can convey every emotion...except love.That or the delicious, amazing, freshly made tortillas that are smothered in the kind of meats that you generally eat in America with some suspicion, but you eat in Mexico with a hearty, "it's LOCAL and ORGANIC".  Mexican tacos make me enter the bathroom a few days later with the entire "wheel of time" cycle by Robert Jordan in order to evacuate my bowels and my dignity.  The tacos from tortilleria sinaloa are the exact opposite.  So I guess they make me go up to the roof, with a single book that is clear and concise, like maybe "the stranger" or "franny and zooey".Their version of tacos el pastor are excellent, with the right amount of fruity sweetness to go along with their rather lovely combination of spices, roughly done.  Their barbacoa is excellent, the beef tongue is finger lickin' good (ho ho ho) and everything else is great.  Of the two sauces, the red one is a chipotle concoction that I would happily slather all over my body before satanic dances in the night, and the green one would be slathered, sadly, because it is really damn hot.  This is a good thing.  Anything being slathered is good, as a rule.  The slices of radish are fresh and delicious, and though there is a bit of cilantro it is not overpowering.  You can request the onions and cilantro on the side as well.  Even the limes are bursting with limey flavor and juice.The mexican sodas are all made with cane sugar which greatly changes the consistency of the flavor as well as the texture upon the tongue - when had in conjunction with excellent tacos, it is like taking a trip to san carlos without the requisite tattoos, spring breakers, and jellyfish stinging you.Oh, the jellyfish.  How I hate you.On an interesting note, most of the mexican places in the city buy their torillas from this place in bulk, so if you are eating mexican somewhere and the tortillas are delicious, they are probably made at this location.  Why not save yourself some time and trouble and just come here, honestly?If you see a hungover asian guy wearing rayban new wayfarers eating a plate of tacos and smelling vaguely of terrible life choices and whiskey, say hello, because that's me, buddy.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,6/18/2012,145,325,5,8,7>This place doesn't look like much on the outside.  And once you go in... it still doesn't look like much.  Actually, it looks pretty sketchy inside with the bulletproof glass booth for the cashier to your immediate left upon entering.  Theres some random tables and seats in the middle of the store too... when I went, some haggard looking person was just sitting there. But don't let that detract you... this is a diamond in the rough, a pleasantly surprising find.  First, there was a good amount of craft beers there (Abita, Chimay, Sierra Nevada, Dogfish Head, among others).  They have some unusual sized bottles too (like a 24oz Sierra Nevada).  It's a not a HUGE selection, but it will be adequate for your favorite beer snob's needs.On top of that, they have a good amount of Asian alcohol.  There's a lot of sake.  I'm not a sake person so I can't comment on the quality of what they carry (it did look nice though).  There's a LOT of Asian beers, ranging from Japanese (Sapporo, Kirin) and Korean (OB, Cass, Asahi).  They have six packs to individual bottles (including a 1L bottle of OB).  There was also bokbunja (Korean raspberry wine), soju (Korean "vodka"), and maekgoli (Korean rice wine).  As far as I know, this is the only liquor store in Baltimore that I know of that sells Korean alcohol.  I used to go all the way to Ellicott City to pick them up...but now I have no more need!  Definitely liked the selection and location (for me at least).  Will be back for sure.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,6/17/2012,30,83,,13,6>So what if I told you that you could have delicious Japanese steak house for a cheaper price?  Would that make your head dizzy?  So, I got the lowdown on this place.  A couple of the chefs from Kobe steakhouse, got fed up with management and decided they can do better.  I have to say that I think they were right!  You don't get the show at Kobe, but you get the food which is equal if not better than Kobe.  The staff is very nice too.The only magic show was the waitress and waiter.  My glass was never at the bottom, and they were always around to make sure I was happy.It's kind of in a low-key shopping center right where 695 hits rt 1.  I hope they succeed, because they are perfectly located for my visits to the dollar theater!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/16/2012,49,161,2,8,6>I'm always feeling lazy when I come here, but when I leave, I am so excited about my purchases that I can't wait to go home and cook. The produce section does that to me every time. They have the largest apples that I have seen outside of a farm.This is one of my favorite markets. I think of this place as a mini-Wegmans. This is the perfect place to come if you are throwing a party or if you are just doing your regular marketing. The deli, bakery and meat counters are superior to Whole Foods. But, the prices are about the same. I come here for the pumpernickel, which is almost impossible to find at other supermarkets that bake their own breads. The bulk nuts, spices, granola and etc. are must-visits if you're into those sorts of things.Do yourself a favor when you shop here: Bring a list and some willpower. And, don't shop here hungry. You won't buy stuff that you won't eat, but you'll easily add $20+  to your bill.Update: I've ended my search for the best burger thanks to Fresh Market. The best burger that I have ever eaten, was purchased here and grilled at home. I also purchased all of my toppings and sides here. And, I ended up spending less than I have for any burger that I have ever bought.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,6/15/2012,55,370,3,13,4>Dining at Charleston really is a singular experience -- as in, everyone should experience it a single time.  Even if I could afford to eat here every night, I'm not sure I would; it's a lovely memory and I think it's best saved for really, really special occasions.Ironically, my husband and I made plans to eat here at the very last minute because a friend was celebrating her birthday (not a landmark birthday -- just a birthday.)  But I don't think we could have had a better experience.Atmosphere: "intimate" is the best word I can imagine.  Pleasant rumbles of low conversation and homey kitchen noises from the open kitchen, where Cindy Wolf visibly presided all evening.  No loud music, no raucous laughter and no goofiness from the service staff.  Everyone seems to understand that diners there expect a perfect experience.Food: I don't know what I can possibly say that others haven't, but it's incredible.  The soups were velvety, perfectly-seasoned and well-studded with chunks of crab, lobster or mushroom (yes, we shared, which may be gauche for such a high-end place, but we couldn't help ourselves!)  Oysters were airily crisp; fish was meltingly tender, as was the buffalo.  I steer clear of organ meat, but having enjoyed the foie gras tremendously I wondered whether I wouldn't enjoy the sweetbreads, too!  The bread could have made a meal in itself -- tiny flour-dusted French rolls, cornbread madeleines and a chewy olive baguette that makes guest appearances in my dreams to date.  Oh, and if you go and don't order the shrimp and grits, we are no longer friends.Wine: all but one of us ordered pairings, and after our first arrived she changed her mind and ordered them, too.  They really are perfect.  I love wine but remain a novice; this was the first time I've really understood how the right wine can make such a difference.  We tried them alone, then with the food, and they complimented each other so perfectly it really heightened the experience.  (A word to the wise: they claim each pairing is a "half glass" but pour by hand and don't measure; I'd say it's closer to 3/4 of a glass.  By the end of four courses, I wished I had skipped the pre-dinner cocktail!)Cheese: We chose four varieties completely on a whim, and enjoyed all of them.  It's just a taste, enough to give you some breathing room between dinner and dessert.Dessert: A "mandatory" course that all diners receive regardless of choices (a decision I wish more restaurants would follow!)  We enjoyed a variety of sweets, from cream puffs to mousse and chocolates, each bite-sized and wonderfully complex.Service: Our server was a sweet, tiny woman who added an air of decorum to the experience.  She didn't get chatty, but accommodated us from start to finish with grace and good humor (including a visit from the chef, who materialized out of nowhere to accept our raving compliments.)It was a beautiful night, and maybe I'd like to return in about ten years.  The price tag will sure help to delay me, but it was worth every penny.  I just loved it.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,6/14/2012,92,403,,8,5>Deep Creek is one of those hidden gems that you have to really dig deep to find.  Even with the signs posted on College Parkway, it's still not easy to get to unless you know where you're going, but once you're there, it's worth the effort.   It's not anything fancy, just a nice casual place overlooking the water.  But the beer is cold, the food is hot, and the service is fast and friendly.  My personal favorite is the Scallops Monterrey.....sea scallops with mushrooms, scallions, tomatoes, and LOTS of Monterrey Jack cheese.  No really.....I mean a LOT of cheese, so it's not something I could eat very often, but when I get a craving for it, nothing else will do!  They have a decent Sunday brunch, with lots of good choices for omelettes.  And during the "off-season", you can't beat their Italian nights.....$10 for a 3-course dinner on Tuesday nights.  Where else can you get a deal like that?  One note:  Their parking lot is just a gravel lot, so ladies, be careful if you're wearing nice shoes!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,6/13/2012,187,290,2,5,5>Since I had eaten sushi the night before, I had very low expectations. I assumed that it was like any other sushi place in the DMV, Baltimore, or any place in between. I was wrong!!!! There was a wait because the place is Very small and narrow. The seating is cramped, but the service is prompt and friendly. I didn't really know what to order because I really wasn't in the mood for sushi, but my date insisted on it. I was just going to opt for just edamame, but the waitress AND hostess suggested the Yasai Maki. Both stated that it was their favorite. This roll is by far the best vegetarian roll I have had! I will drive to Columbia just for this roll alone. Regrettably, I should have gotten two.My date had the Rock and Roll, Japanese squash roll, and something else. He LOVED the Rock and Roll.If you are in Columbia and need a nice place to eat, this is it!!!! Go!!!!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,6/12/2012,42,172,2,5,5>I recently had a fantastic dinner here with fellow yelpers.I've done lite fare and drinks at the bar and enjoyed it so I was looking forward to dinnerThere were 4 of us and it was Thursday evening, we were seated promptly on the first floor.The restaurant itself is very chic and modern. I do like.We started with Crispy Escargot, Tony said typically it isn't coated,my first time having snails, I enjoyed them .We shared Oxtail Ragout, oxtail with bone marrow/ricotta filling, wow this was great.Then there was Garde Manger, (chicken liver pate, chicken and pork terrine) I was exactly looking forward to trying this but I was pleasantly surprised. And then we shared a delish NY strip steak. Then the red bliss potatoes .. bliss,Jamie shared some Duck and Rabbit which was delish.. and  Aine shared a bunch of awesome veggies including some green beans and chopped Brussels sprouts that had to be cooked by the devil himself..yum.Tony ordered us a bottle of wine, I don't remember what it was but I do remember it went well with everything.Our server was attentive and spot on.We finished dinner with dessert, the liquid kind.We all indulged in glasses of old oak aged Tawny Port wine.What great finish to a fantastic meal with good peeps.Two thumbs up for Blue Hill!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/11/2012,94,116,3,4,5>I was pretty blown away at the size of this place. A local place that's been open for about 40 years. They have a section for vintage clothes and one section for thrifting. The thrifting is in the back. Huge warehouse in the back. They have huge bins that you just search for clothes. Each bin has diferent clothes (blazers, shirts, skirts, etc) The vintage clothes is bought at a low price from wholesalers. You definitely can find gems here depending on your style. The vintage stuff is still really cheap. Dress pants for $10, some jackets, suits for up to $30, girls skirts for like $10, ties for $3. I bought 2 jeans and 5 ties for 18.50. The thrift ties were $1.00 Lots of good designs and even modern slimmer ties as well. I was really surprised. Some are dirty, some have fabric issues. The two jeans were really modern slim fit, and fit me really well. I was amazingly surprised. $5 each. I tried on some fo the vintage clothes, but nothing fit me well. Bunch of different dress shoes as well.  I wasn't completely blown away, but for a thrift/vintage store, this was pretty good. The issue is that i'm pretty much an Xs or S for most things, so most of the clothes are just too big.   I'll definitely be going on a monthly basis ..you'll definitely find good stuff here. If you happen to find cardigans (even women's cardigans that a guy could wear, or if you find summer slimmer shorts,  holla at me!!)
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,6/10/2012,76,88,3,8,5>West End Grill, on the outside, is a bit underwhelming. I've driven by dozens of times and noted that they have a burger special, but each time I thought "Look at the place. How good could it REALLY be?" It wasn't until the wife decided that she wanted seafood that I saw it has pretty decent reviews on Yelp, so away we went.West End Grill, on the inside, is also a bit underwhelming. There was a smell of stale beer in the air and the hostess stand was empty when we walked in. After waiting around a bit, a man came by and somewhat brusquely asked where we wanted to sit. "Booth," we told him. We sat down at a table with a thumb-sized hole in the wall next to it. Honestly, by this point I wasn't impressed. However, when our server arrived, he couldn't have been more pleasant. He made a couple jokes, recommended a beer (Magic Hat No. 9, if you were wondering, which was $3.50 during happy hour. And yes, it was delicious), and reassured us that we were ordering good dishes. We started off having the Peruvian shrimp with chorizo. It was served on what I believe was a bed of fried cheddar grits and topped with some sort of green sauce. All I know is that it was amazing. The chorizo tasted more of middle eastern spices than Latin, but I'll cut it some slack since it tasted great regardless.The wife ordered a sort of pasta in a pink sauce with chicken and sausage. Now is where I want to point out that we went here because she wanted seafood and she didn't even order any! I guess women DO reserve the right to change their mind at any time. The pasta itself was just okay. She liked it, so that's all that matters, but I feel that it was something I could have made at home. The pasta was probably just store bought. I, on the other hand, ordered the rockfish served on top of a cheddar grit cake and a cream sauce with bacon and lump crab. Two words: holy crap! It was so wonderful. I actually ate beyond my "I'm too full" point. When the server came back, he looked surprised. "I guess you liked it, then," he said. Yes, I did. So much so, that I didn't save room for dessert, which is a shame because they had a seasonal pumpkin dessert that we wanted to try.They can improve on their first impression. They can improve on the slight hole in the wall (literally) feel they have. But the food, and at such a decent price, is more than I had hoped for. I'm looking forward to coming back. And for some more Magic Hat No. 9.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,6/9/2012,139,351,4,7,4>I. Love. This. Place.The pizza is FRESH, TASTY, CRISPY, HOT, MOUTH WATERING!Excuse me for my internet yelling, but I can't exclaim how much this pizza rules. I'm super, super picky with sauces and ingredients, and Johnny Rad's has blown my mind with deliciousness.Not only is the pizza out of this world, they have home-made Caesar salad dressing that is to die for. Get the salad, it's huge and an amazing way to start the meal off.PLUS, they have a great selection of alcohol. I tend to lean towards Boh though, as it's so good with everything in the meal. If you don't like Boh, you can find plenty else- even a Yoohoo!This place is after my own heart.Yum!!!!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,6/8/2012,89,250,2,3,3>What a lovely find! As soon as you walk in the restaurant, the rich aromatic pho hits you. I was pleasantly surprised with their broth which is flavored just right. The prices are reasonable as well. Try their grilled chicken which is pretty good and reminds me of grilled cha-siu (Chinese roast pork). I would skip their spring rolls and summer rolls are a bit on the miniature side and are so-so. Service is great and they are attentive but I would prefer if they had all the soup spoons and the little condiment bowls at the table so we wouldn't have to ask for more.Nice place for a family dinner :)
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,6/7/2012,0,102,1,11,2>Stopped in for a cup of coffee, and was pleasantly surprised to find the ambiance as nice as it was. I had heard of LAMILL since it's out in LA, but I then came to find out that this was the very first East Coast opening once I spoke with the Barista. Obviously it's a really nice coffee shop since its sharing its space in the new Four Seasons with Wit & Wisdom (a Michael Mina establishment) and soon to be joined by Pabu across the street(opening in Feb). The coffee was wonderful, but just be advised, the prices fall in line with the type of boutique coffeeshop that it is, but for now, the prices are definitely a little bit lower than the LA shop. Overall it's a wonderful place to unwind. Beautiful decor. Great coffee. Will probably go back when i'm looking to splurge on a good cup of joe.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/6/2012,40,88,1,7,8>I've had Indian cuisine before.  I've had it at "high-end" white table cloth places and I've had it delivered in white Styrofoam.  This place is excellent.  The staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  One of the owners came over and talked to us.  The decorations are exotic and beautiful without being "over-the-top". The food. We had Samosas as an appetizer.  They were big (compared to other places) clearly freshly and perfectly cooked. The stuffing was spicy but not "hot", the coating was crisp and had a wonderful spice note that you just kept wanting a little more of.  This is an excellent and (comfortable way) to introduce a new palate to the flavors of Indian foods. I had Boti Kabob (lamb) and my date had Tandoori Chicken.  Both dishes are excellently presented here on a sizzling iron skillet.  The sound and the aroma's from the onion's and peppers make your mouth water before it even gets to your table.  The flavors were well balanced, the lamb tender but still enough "bite" to not be mush meat.  The chicken was charred perfectly and red on the outside and tender and juicy.  The main dishes come with basmati rice, light and  fluffy with bits of vegetable and delicate spices.  The Naan (ordered separate) was the only slight disappointment in that it was not as "fluffed" as I have had at other places.A moment of commentary: On how restaurants are a microcosm of the global economy.  We ended up at Cafe Spice (India) because I saw it from the road as we were on our way to The Corner Stable (America).  When we arrived at Corner Stable, the parking is odd (had to park in shopping center lot and walk around a fence).  On the way into the place with its cramped odd back/side door entrance you were assaulted with the very bad smell of old seafood (crab debris maybe).  Once you made your way through the crowd past several tables to the hostess stand- she was "busy and distracted" barely looked up and sort of smugly said 45 minutes for a party of two. The crowd was mostly white, some aged. The Corner Stable has good food, don't get me wrong, I have eaten there and probably will again.  It did however draw for me some parallels to this Nation I love and serve.  It is big, a little run down, a little smug and sure of itself, not very welcoming or responsive at times.  It "gets by" on its reputation. It s traditional big American Comfort Food and it does that okay (but there is a danger in being monolithic).  Will the market always be looking for that though?Enter Cafe Spice.  The front door is obvious, welcoming and the little walkway leads you right to the hostess stand (not hip checking other diners). The hostess was quick to greet us and seemed to have genuine angst that she couldn't seat us immediately.  We waited all of 5 minutes.  The place smells great, the servers are agile and friendly. The food is fresh and  full of new, complex  tastes. The room is lit properly and smells great. The decor is purposeful. The patrons a mix of multicultural "well-heeled" folks all happily blending and dining and experiencing that broader world around them.Draw your own conclusions...
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/5/2012,48,147,2,2,2>OH NO. A store of dresses is one place I need to stay FAR, FAR away from!! Two of my friends and I were ambling through Fells... I knew of this place and I've avoided it because I love dresses and I love to shop, two things that generally give my wallet anxiety, though I myself am usually quite happy with new clothes.  ;)One of my friends insisted we "go look." 45 minutes later two of us walk out with a bag. I was not the empty-handed individual. I will say, I did get one KILLER dress for what really wasn't that bad of a price, and shoppers of the world, I am of the bargaining kind.Staff was friendly, they even offered to steam my dress for me, as it had just come in the day before and had those hard-set wrinkles from being packaged.Anyway this place is cute, I'll definitely go here again if I'm looking for another dress!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,6/4/2012,18,133,,4,4>Wanting to go to a somewhat romantic place for dinner with a first date, and knowing that shouting over the conversations of other patrons in the city's more trendy dining establishments was somewhat antithema to that pursuit, my eye eventually came to rest on Sotto Sopra, an Italian restaurant just down the street from the monuments in Mt. Vernon.We arrived at around 7:30 in the evening, with the arrival made somewhat easier by the presence of a $4 parking garage across the street from the restaurant (perfect for true sub-urbanite like myself), and found ourselves faced with a bustling, romantically lit (good thing they have candles on the tables), well-decorated restaurant. All were as expected and perfectly met my requirements.The FoodExcellent throughout. We started with an appetizer of mussles in a curry broth which even I, usually not a fan of mussles in any shape or form, enjoyed immensly. The shellfish were well cooked and the broth was fragrant and well spiced. The server recommended using it as a soup once the fish had been plucked, and it very well could have been.The main course, which for both of us consisted of their homemade pasta dishes, similarly turned out excellent. The portion size was very good for the price and the flavors were delicious. I chose a short rib ragout while my dining companion chose a ragout of wild mushrooms. Both were excellent and led to more empty plates.Italian food being what it is, we chose to share a dessert course, this being a chocolate torte served with ice cream. Again, very delicious.We accompanied the dinner with a bottle of Argentinian Malbec, which worked great with the food and was reasonably priced for the region.The ServiceVery good throughout, albeit with an initial stumble in being a little slow on bread delivery to the table. Wine service was by the book, and the server checked in a few times during dinner, but not so much as to be intrusive. Overall very good.The VerdictA very good Italian restaurant. While somewhat upmarket in terms of prices, it is comparable to others in the neighborhood and has an excellent small restaurant feel compared to some of our more trendy restaurants (no waiting room atmosphere here). Highly recommended!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,6/3/2012,79,211,22,12,15>So... what were a bunch of 30-somethings doing at a Bingo hall on a Friday night? Well - we were trying to spice things up - you know, try something new; add a little flavor to our lives. Bingo World did just this. What we didn't know is that it would also add a little anxiety. Bingo is a very serious sport for the elderly and the lonely, which is why the atmosphere is so intense. We were a very rambunctious crowd and quite often disrupted the people's mojo around us, but for the most part, people were very friendly and would answer any and all questions we had, such as: What's a postage stamp game? What about a round robin? Why are all these cards different colors? What game are we playing?! For those of you who have never played bingo outside of wedding showers and elementary school, make sure you show up early so you can ask the staff plenty of questions. There are both computerized bingo games and the traditional paper bingo, but I would suggest getting both - the computer helps you keep track of what numbers and letters have been called (the caller is no joke, and won't slow down even if you ask). Bring a dauber, or you can buy one there - but I'm guessing a marker would work just as well if you want to bring one from home. I would suggest playing just 2 of the large cards at a time (that's 18 bingo sheets, so 18 chances to win). The front desk will try to sell you a pack of 3 large cards - but don't be fooled. Unless you're a pro this is WAY too much and you get behind, become anxious that you're going to miss a number, and then lose the $500 jackpot. Don't by with winners pool sticker thingy - we all bought it because it sounded like a good idea but we didn't even figure out what it was and just ended up looking like we were wearing name tags all night. The front desk takes credit cards, but everything else is cash only, so you'll want to bring cash with you. If you forget, there is an ATM in the hall, but it has a surcharge.THERE ARE SLOT MACHINES! I say this with great enthusiasm because I can crack out on a slot machine like a fat kid on cake - but fortunately I bypassed them last night and stuck with bingo.So, when you think the evening couldn't get any more intense, you come to the final rounds of bingo where the big jackpot prize of a couple thousand dollars is up for grabs. The whole room becomes silent as everyone pays close attention to their cards. You can sense everyone's anticipation as your card begins to fill up with dots and you know any minute someone will win - but will it be you?! Then you here it - 'BINGO' from across the room, and you're heart sinks as you realize you spent an entire evening with the elderly and you aren't even going to walk away with any money... but then something goes wrong with the rules and old people start yelling, someone gets up and starts pointing and head bobbing at the caller, the caller then yells at the front desk defending their ruling, and a crazy lady runs up to the front desk to yell at the police officer who is on duty in case things get out of hand. You then realize that you're evening was not a loss, and very rarely do you get to see old people fight, and it was well worth the $20 you spent on bingo cards to witness this old people insanity.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,6/2/2012,62,419,6,11,5>I went in here not really knowing what to expect; as a die-hard carnivore, I always pictured vegetarian cuisine as bland at best and downright disgusting at worst.  However, the Land of Kush made a splash in my neighborhood when it opened a year ago, and I've always meant to get over there to see just what all of the fuss was about.  I'm glad that I did.  This place is unbelievably good.  Un. be. liev. a. bly.I ordered what everyone else seems to when they come here; the BBQ ribs and the mac and cheese, mainly because it's just what would appeal to me, being the carnivore that I am, and it sounded the most "appetizing" of the lot.  So you can probably imagine my surprise when I was handed a huge plate with some of the best-looking food I've ever seen.  The mac and cheese was a bit of a surprise when I first tasted it - I'm used to the gluey, heavy, yellow-cheese sauce crap.  I got over that fast, though.  It was creamy, rich, but not too heavy on the tongue.  And grease?  None here, thanks; it was very light and almost had a "buttery" texture.  I was sorely missing it by the last forkful.  So, now the ribs.  This isn't meat - I had to keep reminding myself of that.  But it sure did taste like it; if I didn't KNOW it was vegan, I wouldn't know the difference.  The sauce kicks some serious booty, ladies and gents - I was fanning my mouth by the end of it, and I'm used to spice.  But trust me when I tell you that I was really tempted to buy another platter and take it home with me.  Portions are more than generous.  I was insanely full when I went home.  The Love of My Life had spinach lasagna - I didn't try it this time, but will when I go back.  And I WILL go back.... (He sez the lasagna was light in texture, but the veg and spices were harmonious to a point where everything just worked together perfectly.)  Dessert (the sweet potato cake) was just "okay", but it was hardly a sour note to what was essentially a perfect meal.Frosting on the cake?  We live three minutes away by foot.  :D  Go.  Even if you cringe at vegan, even if you despise PETA, go.  You won't regret it.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,6/1/2012,102,155,3,4,4>I've gone there twice to date. This was a CUTE (loved the decor place with tasty food! I only ordered chicken ginger soup and just that was delicious; the broth was rich and so good. The Thai iced tea was smooth. We ordered a bunch of things and the highlights were the eggplant salad, the steak salad, and a garlic noodles dish. The chow-fun dishes were all too similar, and curries were found not that particular. All in all, it's a great place if you want somewhere with good ambiance (can't dine outside tho!) and pleasant service (waiter was nice and even though he looked visibly worn out by the end of the night he was courteous until the end).
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,5/31/2012,29,208,2,2,3>Finally an outstanding brunch in Annapolis.  It's trendy and attractive without being pretentious, and the food is absolutely top-notch.Located near the outer traffic circle on West, the Metropolitan is strategically located between Annapolis' beautiful historic district and the primary hotel area, making it an easy stroll for both locals and visitors.  Nice job with that!  The atmosphere is trendy and attractive, and the natural light that comes through the big windows in the morning make it a great place to relax and enjoy their delicious food and coffee.The coffee is supplied by Caffe Pronto, which is by far the best tasting coffee roaster in the region.  I tried the Flat White, which is a strong Australian espresso-based drink recommended by the owner, who happens to have an Australian accent.  I like strong coffee but something about this drink wasn't what I was expecting- perhaps it was the fact that I didn't put any sugar in it.  It was good, better than Vegemite anyway, but I think I'll opt for the Cap next time instead.The owner introduced himself to us and mentioned that before he opened his other restaurant in town, Tsunami, he had considered opening a place in Ballard, Washington.  Score!It looks like a tremendous dinner location as well.  It has an attractive rooftop dining area with nice views and a microbrew list featuring a few of my favorite West Coast locals.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,5/30/2012,12,93,,4,1>This, place, is, AWESOME!  The atmosphere is amazing!  Upstairs is soooooo relaxing and chill!  Definitely for the "hipster" crowd.  Tended to be a lot of nurses and doctors there because it's right across the street for a hospital, but they are nice.The staff was awesome!  Two guys worked in the back and knew how to keep up a small talk while they were making my amaretto latte :P  Yummy stuff!Only reason this gets four stars is because it's in the city and far away from my house.  Also, I would like to come back (asap) and try their food.I guess another reason it gets four stars is because they didn't necessarily have a "menu."  They had some stuff on the walls, but it was hard to understand.  Will definitely be keeping this place in my "favorites" though.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,5/29/2012,23,76,1,4,3>This place had me at "Hello!" Well not quite, but it had me before I even met my waitress, largely in fact due to the ambiance and soundtrack.  They played some of my old school faves- Dashboard Confessional, Brand New, then Taking Back Sunday all in a row.  The high school girl within me was completely smitten within the first 5 minutes of being there! And might I add that the soundtrack continued to impress me throughout my dining experience.So I had heard a lot about this place, and had purchased a LivingSocial deal, so I finally got around to going, and I am glad that I did.  I ordered the California Roll (i know, boring, but I will add that it was made with real crab meat, so i give Sticky Rice props for that). I also ordered the Calamari roll which had fried squid, cucumber, egg, seaweed, and roe on top.  It was a monster roll (a big fat roll!) and it was good, although I might try it without the egg next time.  I am not a fan of egg in my sushi, but then again, it was called something else on the menu, so I didn't realize that was in it when I ordered.  My hubby got the Red Bull roll which had crab mix, spicy tuna, and a sesame dressing.  (It typically comes with cream cheese but he ordered it without).  It was really good, he said, but extremely hot.  The thing I found about the menu was that most of the rolls were spicy or made with cream cheese.  If you like these things, you will be in Sushi Heaven here :) Since I married a beer snob, I will also note that there were more than just domestics on tap.  My hubby found a couple local craft beers that he enjoys were featured there, which was definitely a plus!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,5/28/2012,31,213,3,3,2>My home airport, so yeah... I'm a little biased. I've used BWI since I was a little kid and even worked there for a while. What is it about BWI that makes it better than other regional airports?Location, location, location! - For those in DC and Baltimore, BWI is perfect for both cities and their suburbs. Conveniently located off a major highway, it's also accessible by bus, commuter train, or taxi. Meanwhile, Dulles is in the middle of nowhere and Reagan is a nightmare to get in and out of.Layout and construction - Why is it Reagan and Dulles always seem to be under construction? When they do work on something at BWI, it's usually not a problem and doesn't mess with the flow of traffic. Not to mention, BWI tends to keep things pretty up-to-date.*********Now, let's talk about one major warning: attitude. If you're flying out of BWI, be prepared 'cause you're gonna get some no-nonsense attitude. Of course, if you're a local from Baltimore or DC, that attitude may seem normal. ~_^Police officers - The police ~will~ pull you over for speeding (and yes, the speed limit is 15 mph at the terminal); the have nothing better to do. Similarly, you can't leave a car just idling at the pick-up or drop-off and the officers will gladly tell you to move on if no one is getting in or out of your car. There is a cellphone lot nearby (signs point the way) for those who are still waiting for arrivals.TSA - I worked for them at a couple of airports, so let me tell you: TSA at BWI will not take lip. You may not like what they are doing or how they do it, but that doesn't give you the right to disregard or verbally assault them. Unlike one airport (where passengers got away with stuff), BWI-TSA will not tolerate crap from people. You want to act like an idiot and not follow directions? They will talk to you like the child you're being. You want to make a public scene and throw a fit? Prepare to face armed police who will escort you away.**********So, in short, BWI is the best location and keeps itself up-to-date and clean. Just be prepared for a short, no-nonsense attitude, cops who will enforce laws to the letter, and airport screening that won't tolerate jack from the passengers.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,5/27/2012,19,222,,9,3>Let me tell you why Colosseum Gym is the best gym in the Columbia/greater Baltimore area: because in short, if you REALLY care about changing your body and getting in shape, this is the only place you should look.The Colosseum Gym is located in a business park that from the outside, you would not think much of. This is not a chain gym like Gold's that is chock full of the most expensive equipment or features creature comforts like a full protein/health bar (although they do have your standard vending machines with water/gatorade/muscle milk). Nope, instead this is a gym meant for real progress and real results. Come inside and you'll see all the usual Cybex-like machines, plenty of treadmills, bikes, and countless free weights. In the back of the facility, which has already changed since I just started coming here a month ago, they have now walled-off and separated it from the rest of the "main" gym area where all the free weights and heavy lifting takes place - squat racks, etc. They also have in a contained hallway a huge tractor tire for flipping if you really want to sweat hard.What really sets this gym apart from the rest out there is their top notch trainers. This is as they call it, "the bread and butter" of their business. Every single day, all day, you will see numerous trainers working with clients or simply walking up to random members of the gym and engaging them in conversation. The first day I ever came here, a trainer walked right up to me and asked me how I found out about Colosseum gym, how I like it so far, and what some of my expectations were. Completely on the spot, with a smile on his face. The staff here are incredibly helpful and genuine, and even if you never take advantage of their training services, you can always ask them questions or seek advice. They never, at any time, have come off "pushy" or like a salesman. They are honestly there just to help...and train you if you want their services.My problem is probably similar to most: I got engaged, put on weight because I felt comfortable in the relationship, and next thing you know you're not as thin as you were in college anymore. I wanted to change that and made a promise to myself to get back into the shape I was in...if not better.I now take advantage of 1 hour training sessions every week with Scott, who is one of the trainers and the head of new memberships. To say he has been helpful is an understatement. I've already seen in just one month huge changes in my body, both in tone, muscle development, and strength. I am trying to simultaneously build muscle and put on healthy weight (muscle) and slowly burn fat. He's come up with a specialized diet and workout plan that has completely changed how I work out.I can't recommend this place any higher. Like I said, in one month I'm already seeing great results and I've never been this strong or this motivated before...even after coming home from Marine Corps boot camp 6 years ago. I'm not as thin as I was then, but I certainly am stronger now. I can't wait to see where I am in six months, or even better, a year.I even have more energy during the day and sleep better at night. I know this all sounds too good to be true, but if you really do stick with the healthy diet they recommend, and the (at times) grueling workouts, it really does all pay off. The pricing is very competitive with other gyms, and I doubt you'll get as good of a return as you do here.I'd recommend this gym to anyone, whether they are trying to build muscle or even just casually work out. I see all types of clientele, ranging from 20 somethings to even senior citizens. I've only seen one kid ever here, and he looked about high school age...although I don't see why you couldn't have your kids work out here, assuming they are of a safe age to lift weights.Stay motivated, stay dedicated, and you'll see results @ Colosseum Gym.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,5/26/2012,138,319,,5,2>I had to get emergency flowers late one evening, and Raimondi's was the only place still open anywhere near me. How lucky I was! Not only does Raimondi's carry good products, but the prices are reasonable. Arrangements are of course on the more pricy side, as they are everywhere. However, if you get loose flowers on the weekend, they are half price. The staff is friendly and helpful. In all, it is everything you could want in a neighborhood florist.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,5/25/2012,34,300,,5,4>Perfect. 'Nuff said.Okay, that's not much of a review.... this place is as fantastic (or maybe even more so!) as all the other reviewers have said it is. If you are a serious beer drinker, this is the place to go. They have a great selection of American microbrews and internationals. If you are into seasonals, again, you can't go wrong here. We tried about a half-dozen pumpkin ales this year, and that didn't nearly cover all the kinds they had available.The staff here is unbelievably knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. I don't know much about wine, but the employees here have a 100% track record for helping me find something that pairs perfectly with whatever we're cooking. They always offer a couple of options at different price points, so you don't feel like you have to spend more than you want. (Of course, I usually end up buying all the suggestions... someone needs to stop me!)For sheer volume of options, it's hard to beat Corridor Wine & Spirits in Laurel... but the Perfect Pour is easily the better store. Great staff, well-defined selection, and reasonable prices make it the contender to beat.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,5/24/2012,51,204,,7,3>Single best liquor store in the Baltimore metropolitan area. No debate. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and they carry such a huge variety of stuff, you can probably spend over an hour looking around. They regularly have wine tastings, too.They also sell a good variety of breads and cheeses. They also have a few meats, but I haven't tried any.Warning: Park only in front of the store. The spaces across from the store, next to the businesses (the bank across the street, the restaurant next-door) are not parking for Wine Source - you could get ticketed or towed. Parking is kind of a hassle, but it's worth the fuss.And, they're OPEN ON SUNDAY.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/23/2012,76,346,5,7,4>OK, OK, I know I'm a johnny-come-lately to this taqueria-in-a-Shell-gas-station - all the cool Yelpers were there well before the DD&D episode aired last month.  Well, nobody ever accused me of being cool, except my mom.Anyway, to make up for my lameness, I went there twice in two days, so that I can sample as many items as I could.  So here's what I found out:- The tacos are indeed amazing and cheap ($2)- Chorizo is spicy, but not too spicy- Don't be afraid of tongue, at least not in tacos- The pork belly is best mixed with the carnitas- The tacos al pastor are very good indeed...- ...but the lamb tacos are the bestIt's also way, way crowded at lunch now.  Get there by 11:15 or so or you will be waiting a while to cram into the closet-sized space to order your food.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,5/22/2012,416,145,7,8,8>This is one of the Honeycomb Hideout Hellcat's ..well uhh...Honeycomb Hideouts! LOL. iBar is a small space that has my heart because of the chill environment and of course the food. I will make an important disclaimer: this spot usually boasts a crowd of alternate lifestyle so if you are close minded, take your loser arse elsewhere and leave the cool kids in peace, please and thanks.My one beef with iBar is that the happy hour specials, if any, never really hit on much but your drinks are always strong and the bartenders are always guaranteed to have you laughing. Management switched over recent years but no matter who was in control at the time, seeing them behind the bar pouring you a strong drink & helping the other staff members is a norm. There's a jukebox and the selection is good, there's a computer at the edge of the bar in case you wanna check your Facebook right quick and there's a pool table downstairs if you wanna get your game on. Cool right?On to the food. I'm not a buffy wang enthusiast but if you are, i'd say that although iBar's wings arent anything to jump up and scream about, they're definitely something to sit down and talk about so give em a try for yourself and judge. I love the turkey burger there (homemade with green peppers & onions =) Also the porkchops (so big I call em Brutus chops) are nicely flavored and worth the money!Would I make this a weekend spot to visit? UHH NO, but after a hard or easy or any day after work when I wanna chill before heading home? Yep, iBar will suit me just fine.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/21/2012,43,146,,6,3>Went back for a full diner - albeit during Restaurant Week (, what has my life become post child?!). I used to loathe restaurant week and avoid it at all cost, but now that we have a child in tow, what better week to bring a potential meltdown to a restaurant?! Anyway, here is what we had - STILL 5 star - while the place could not be more packed due to the specials, the service and food was still topnotch.premier:Pâté Maison: Louis' country style pâté, cornichons and mustard - good nothing out of the ordinary, pate Bisque de Tomate:  Tomato bisque, fried basil - didn't know the basil was fried, not that it matters too much. It was really good but not like OMG like the french onion soup - I wish that had been included in the special. Beignets de Crevettes: Shrimp and zucchini beignets, espelette aïoli - definitely the winner of the appetizer menus - amazing. lightly fried and ooh so yummy. This too is on their regular menu so we'll be getting this again next time we go! principaux:Confit de Canard: Duck leg confit, warm lentil salad - the duck was AMAZING; warm, buttery, and fall apart delicious. Lentils? Not so much. I like lentils and these were too crunchy for my taste. But I'm a rube so what do I know? This is a regular on the menu and I would get it again as it is good, but just know that you might be less than thrilled with the lentils. I am a huge fan of duck - I LOVE it (in general) and eat it almost any chance I get and I can say this was amazing.Truite Almondine: Rainbow trout, almond brown butter, rice pilaf - winner winner!!! This entree won for this round. Light and buttery and the almonds were a perfect compliment. This is on the regular menu and we will be getting this again. Perfectly prepared.Boeuf Bourguignon: Red wine braised beef, traditional garnish - the meatand red wine sauce were fantastic - the meat was so incredibly tender it just melted in your mouth. The 'traditional garnish' is mushrooms, potatoes, carrots, and heavenly bits of ham/bacon yum yum yum. I loved this but some may say it is just a fancy pot roast...dessert:Fruits de Saison: Seasonal fruit - this description is really lacking in my mind. Picture a citrus combination with custard and a delicious waffle topping. Very good combination of tart and sweet. We got the wine pairing with dinner and this course was served with bubbly. ymmmmRoulade Au Chocolat: Chocolate roulade, pistachio mousse - the chocolate was almost a mousse in its own right - the dessert was decadent and delicious*.*I'm still hooked on the dark chocolate mousse from the first visit and given my choice, would still pick that as #1*We decided to go with the wine pairings with dinner and with the exception of 1 pairing, we are glad we chose to let Tony Foreman pick the wines for us! The dessert red that went with the Roulade Au Chocolat was more of a sweet port and it was too much with the sweet dessert. We thought a deep, dry red would have paired better. Two of us got this pairing and we both gave it a thumbs down - sorry Tony.Overall, still amazing, just more to report this time!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,5/20/2012,45,104,,5,4>I'm so excited Oliver's finally created  a Yelp page! I've been shopping there for months and never left disappointed except for the fact that I couldn't leave them a glowing review.The owner is incredibly sweet and her adorable son (for which the shop is named) is often around as well. I have traded in quite a bit of clothing and always felt that she gave me a good price and (unlike many other consignment stores) didn't make me feel like I had terrible fashion sense. I also love the fact that you don't have to make an appointment; so long as the shop isn't busy she'll sort through your goods while you shop and offer you a price on the spot. The shop definitely has an Urban outfitters/Anthropologie/vintage/bohemian-type of aesthetic so she does not generally purchase items from lower end brands such as Old Navy or H&M. When you consign you can either choose to get 35% of the value in cash or 50% in store credit. I've always chosen store credit because I love the selection and I've never been disappointed. It is a small store so the selection is sparse but if you go back a few times you're bound to find something you like.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,5/19/2012,53,138,1,7,5>Hands down, I love the gym.Pros:Fun kids area with climbing mazeGreat instructorsFun classesHUGEIndoor AND outdoor spas and pools with water slidesEucalyptus Steam RoomSpacious weight roomCountless Cardio MachinesNo time limit on machinesCafeTowelsHair driersOpen 24/7 363 days a yearCons:Must arriving 10-15 minutes prior to the start of popular classesClasses can be crowdedShowers/bathrooms not really the cleanestIt's worth every dime and my daughter loves it too!  It's not just a gym, it's truly a health club with more resources than you could ever need.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,5/18/2012,133,198,4,7,5>So my first time at Ten Ten, I reviewed their dinner, and it was ehhh, ok. They did just open so I went with that excuse. This time I came for Brunch and had a completely different experience. It was fantastic.  The brunch menu was great and a good deal of options and the food was cooked perfectly.  I went with the tazo and tomato omelet and man was it tasty. I ordered a side of hash browns which were nice and crispy and I ordered a side of bacon. Now, this was my favorite part. Bacon. I am one of those people that believe bacon will make anything and everything better.  I noticed that the bacon on this list states "house cured". Interesting, that means they cure their own. I am always curious about this because a lot of places claim they do this, but upon tasting the bacon, it was definitely purchased in a store. I did ask the waiter if this was made in house and he stated oh yes and it is awesome.  You get quite an order of this bacon too. I received about 8 slices. With my first inspection you can definitely tell it is made in house due to the thickness of the bacon. This bacon was not cooked fully to a crisp, which is the way I like it. When some of it is crispy but the fat is left on the piece which adds so much flavor and it just melts in your mouth.  I took my first bite and was blown away...literally my clothes almost came off...with how good this bacon was.  There were so many flavors going on. It was savory, sweet and smoky.  Usually the saltiness of bacon overpowers any other flavor, but not his bacon. No sir. My god I could eat a whole pound of that bacon and just accept my heart attack like a man.  I must have blacked out again because when I came through, the plate was cleared and brunch was over.  I wanted to make a pillow out of that bacon so when I went to bed I would be laying on sweet delicious house cured goodness and have it seep into my pours all night.Besides that everything else was great and the Bloody Mary's here were really good too, but beware they are 10 bucks a pop because they make them with Kettle One vodka. I was not aware of that. That was definitely the best brunch I had in a long time and it will be my go to place from now on!Thank you bacon, you had me at house cured.(Warning: This bacon review was based on my preference of bacon (I heart pork belly so I am ok with softer bacon...see my other reviews). If you are one of those people who are picky about bacon and MUST have your bacon cooked to death and made super crunchy, you probably will not like it. If that is the case, good, more for me.)
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,5/17/2012,44,33,3,5,4>My company use to have a lot happy hours here.  It has a pretty nice vibe and shuffleboard.  I am always down to stop in for a drink if they are open.  I will warn you now.  This place gets busy.  Sometimes it can take a while to get a drink.I was able to catch bunch at Havana's.  I really enjoyed the selection.  Also, the bottomless Mimosa was (wait for it)... AMAAAZIIING!In case you don't have a clue about amazing, please check out this video on YouTube to catch up. - youtube.com/watch?v=fTQv
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/16/2012,290,462,9,4,6>Patient: Doctor, doctor. My tummy aches. It's killing me.Doctor: Drink some liquor! I prescribe 40 ounces of Steel Reserve.Patient: My wife left me too and I want to commit suicide!Doctor: Drink some liquor! I prescribe 1 dose, 50 milliliters of Crown Royal and it's only $2Patient: Sold! Thanks Liquor Doctor. You have the solution to all of life's problems.Doctor: I'm here to help.Liquor Doctor is a stone's throw from Johns Hopkins Hospital- the finest medical institution in the United States. So fitting the good Doctor hangs his shingle nearby. I got a $1 baby 50ml bottle of Virginia Gentleman bourbon to go with my chicken box. Then went to a nearby park bench. My bench mate asked for a wing which I was happy to oblige. Still had two left plus the fries. Not gonna share my booze though! Saving it to put in my next Frappucino. Yum. Thank you Liquor Doctor! You, sir, are a gentleman and a scholar.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,5/15/2012,125,176,5,7,5>Went here for RW 2012. VERDICT: AMAZINGFOOD: Duck fat fries -- 5/5 Perfectly seasoned and crispy. Lots of flavor and the 3 aioli's were great for dipping. My favorite was the truffle aioli. Kobe, foie gras, and truffle aioli slider -- This is insanely good! The burger is just flowing with juice and the foie gras takes it out of this world. If it was my last meal on Earth, I would be happy with that. Grilled Calamari Stuffed with House Made Sweet Italian Sausage Fennel and orange salad -- Perfectly cooked calamari. No rubbery taste. It was a good appetizer but wasn't amazing. It was lacking depth and was kinda one note. Coriander and Pepper Crusted Tuna Seaweed salad with spicy tuna pot stickers and ginger soy glaze -- Let me just say I don't like eating big slabs of raw fish, but this...this I finished completely. I think the sauce helped. And the crust was really flavorful. Seaweed salad gave it a fresh balance although the pot stickers were kinda random. It was good but just felt out of place. Goat cheese donuts w/ lavendar honey and coffee icecream. -- I think i've died at this point cuz this is heaven on a plate. I love sweet and salty, hot and cold desserts and this is one of the finest i've ever had. I still drool when i think about it. SERVICE: Superb!AMBIENCE: Its not a huge place so it feels more cozy and hipster almost. I dont like the green lighting though. I think it would make the food look unappealing. Good thing we were seated at a table with regular lighting. Must go now!!!!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,5/14/2012,74,176,,7,3>This what I like to call an "old faithful". 1- Happy Hour great 2-4-1 deals2- Parking near by 3- Music is always great Friday and Saturday. 4- 2 decent sized barsFree before 10pm ... $10 before 11pm...$20 after It is also a restaurant... I however am not a fan of eating a meal then partying. So I havent tried the food, that they are know for. But I have had a wing or two along with some shared fries. Nothing to scream about... not bad, just not great. Its gets 4 and not 5.. because of the size of the dance floor. They have tables that line the floor during dinner hours. But they never remove the chairs.. when the DJ comes on the dance area gets super tight. People that are sitting are getting bumped, then the people that are dancing are squeezing tighter and tighter.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,5/13/2012,154,146,5,7,5>Had a wonderful Sunday brunch here, while multiple football games were playing.  These are the necessary ingredients for a fantastic Sunday.  My party ordered the Oysters Rockefeller (6 oysters flavored with spinach Pernod and Parmesan cheese) and the seafood skins.  If the appetizers were any indication of how delicious our entrees would be, we were in for an amazing meal!  And they were... we ordered the salmon sandwich, the Ruben and the crab cake between the three of us... and that was 5 hours ago... I haven't eaten since.  STUFFED.I'll definitely be back!  Although, I'll probably skip the mimosa- it was a little bland. The crab cake was also very tasty, but I prefer more texture.  I like crab cakes that have a crunch to them, but I ate every last bite of this one!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,5/12/2012,133,540,4,8,7>I have some friends who live in the neighborhood and had been adamant about Nick's having the best rotisserie chicken in Baltimore.  After trying I have to agree they have a strong argument.  My favorite was the jerk spiced chicken.  Not too spicy but really flavorful.  The dry rub made it delicious.  They also have great side dishes and corn bread.   Is a great option for an on the go picnic.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,5/11/2012,48,32,,6,5>I got down to Tommy's the other night while hanging out with a buddy of mine who lives in the area. I gotta say, some may call it a dive bar, but I can't call it a dive. It's simply too well polished and just generally done right.Hell, the bathroom was more well put together than some nicer restaurants I've been in. Drafts were ok, but a very solid bottle selection that will have a little something for everyone. Didn't get a chance to eat, but did see someone downing some of the crabs that they serve (yet again, who gets crabs from a dive bar?) and they looked very tasty.The locals and the staff were all friendly and quite entertaining. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/10/2012,43,72,,5,6>4.5 Yes yes yes yes yes. Haven't had a bad burger yet and everyone I've brought in for the first time has said the same. My favorite - Bison burger with loads of toppings & waffle fries. This place is doing it right and I've always had great staff when I've been there. Minus 1/2 star because twice they've forgotten an order of a side or appetizer. Not a big thing as there as more than enough food, but definitely a little issue. When you address it with them, though, they are fantastic about handling it. Really impressed. Wish there was one of my side of the Harbour!Also, LOVE the atmosphere. There are enough TVs to play all the games people want to watch, it's a casual bar without being a dive.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,5/9/2012,65,60,8,8,7>remember back when i was talking about how awesome sandwiches were, and i was totally right?  this place proves my point (as if you needed the extra assurance!).  it's pretty standard to places to choose either quantity OR quality, and most places stick with the former, but duesenberg's manages to hit both on the money.  my stand-by is the alaska burger, which is a perfectly-cooked, giant piece of salmon filet (see thames review for more on fish-cooking-for-sandwiches.  is this becoming an epidemic?  a delicious, delicious epidemic?) topped with a mountain of smoked salmon, plus salmon roe, dill créme fraiche, and perched on a grilled brioche bun.  this is an OMG kinda sandwich.oh, and instead of fries, i subbed fried green beans!  because everything healthy is better when it's fried!and i had an egg cream!  because everything is better when it's like a '50s diner!the service is usually fine, but not usually outstanding, hence the lack of one star, but that wouldn't for a second deter me from returning.  as proved by, well, my history of returning.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,5/8/2012,197,128,7,5,5>I scream, YOU scream, we ALL scream for...SICILIAN ALMOND AND GIANDUJA GELATOOOOO!!!Did I do it right?Pitango. Saying the name is the second most fun thing you can do with your mouth in this place. The first obviously being making out with a cup of their cool creamy goodness. As my sweet tooth has declined steadily over the years, I've only been twice, but both times I left so utterly pleased with what myself and my gelato had accomplished, I've decided to make it a monthly ritual.My first visit was in August, a friend and I ducking in from the scorching harbor sun, squinting at the plaques of flavors on the wall as the reflection blinded us, searching for that perfect duet. The heat had me craving fruit, so I went with the sorbet.  Tangerine and lemon. The mere idea of it dropped me down several delicious degrees. The delivery was even better: some of the smoothest, tangiest, most refreshing sorbet I've had.Round II at Pitango occurred when a random craving for chocolate gelato caught me in the odd month of January. At first we had tried Meli's bakery for one of their amazing chocolate mousse deserts, only to find they had closed the bakery portion (*cue melancholy violins*). So, despite the icy temps outside, we scurried into Pitango. After a quick scan of the flavors, my belly told my heart to tell my mind...to go with Sicilian Almond and Gianduja (chocolate hazelnut) gelato. My belly is smart. This was heaven. Creamy, rich, chocolaty-nutty goodness in a cup. With an itty bitty spoon. All the better to savor it with. Dis' be some good gelato.Ya got da sorBAY!! Ya got da geLADDO!! You...ya did good kid. Pitango: I'll be back.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,5/7/2012,47,142,8,12,6>Holy dust batman, just look at that crap being blown out of your never cleaned HVAC ducts! For $300, you can instantly envision the son with the allergies breathing easier.Scheduling was a breeze. Two friendly guys efficiently went through the house blocking the room air returns.The portable industrial generator & vacuum outside was loud, a giant bag collected debris outside of the house, and the boys thought it was really cool. Worst Father of the year award, right here, for not getting this done sooner.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,5/5/2012,74,28,9,9,9>Ever had a food changing experience?... Yeah I said it right!, not life changing but FOOD changing... One that makes  you look at past food experiences and scoff at what you "thought you knew about 5 star" Ever walked into an ice cream shop where the selection pretty much scooped your heart and carried it away to ice cream heaven??... Ever had bliss, effervescence & gaiety all packaged into one on a cute little white sample spoon?Ever had the Graham Cracker Ice Cream from Uncle Wiggly's?Ever had ice cream so good that toppings were unnecessary? (although they have many of them for you sweet tooth pleasure- and even snowballs)Ever experienced love at 1st lick?I am proud to say that I have... After the 1st lick I started to feel warm n fuzzy inside, the 2nd one my knees started to buckle, the 3rd one wouldve taken a turn for the worst if I didnt find a chair immediately!Take a large cup to go- (they dont actually have to go containers but the young man was sweet enough to tape a cup over my ice cream fro me) something that special should be devoured in the comfort of your own home- where you don't risk judgement or ridicule.  The game has been altered now and forever. You couldnt go back even if you tried... I promise you, you've never had a love like this
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,5/4/2012,95,120,,9,4>I just peeked my head in last week to get a drink because I was fighting a horrible cold and needed something to make me feel better, well I found it. They had a concotion that consisted of apples, beets, bee pollen and zinc and it was phenomenal. Let me just say that I am not a vegan, but when I want to get a refreshing beverage of fruits and veggies I will be coming to Liquid Earth. I do have friends that are vegans and will recommend this place for them. Their are not to many vegan places in Baltimore so this will be a nice treat for them.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,5/3/2012,154,580,1,3,3>How did I not know that there was a nursery over here?!  It's right by the Coast Guard station in Annapolis. I have never been a fan of buying my plants from Home Depot or Lowes.  I get my green babies from a local nursery.  It's the only way too go. They are usually much healthier than the mass produced ones. I must have stopped in during a store reset day because it was very messy and unorganized. However, it was open Sunday afternoon and the lady at the counter was more than willing to help me out. A friendly smile and great service really goes along way. Bru-Mar's definitely has every gaudy lawn decor you could possibly want.  Garden Gnomes....Check!  Ridiculous things things to place on your front yard that screams "Cat Lady Lives here" Check! While I would never be caught dead with that many garden gnomes, I still think this store has some cute stuff.Homestead and Patuxant Nurseries are my choices when I need quantity and variety.  But this little place will do just fine to pick up garden supplies and fresh new plants.  Can't wait till their Spring inventory comes in.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,5/2/2012,195,458,4,5,4>Thank you Jim S. for suggesting the corned beef St. Patrick's Day special.  In short, the cut of corned beef was really fatty, but a huge portion so, I still felt like I was getting plenty of food.  The meat was crazy good.  I wish I had more cabbage and the potatoes were cooked perfectly.  Mustard sauce hit the spot.  Good service for a Saturday night.  Baby boy loves their mac n cheese!  I'm becoming obsessed with Kloby's.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,5/1/2012,179,576,4,6,8>My first impression of this place was the actually the bathroom. I was desperately seeking one during that Federal Hill Beats Festival and did not want to drag a toddler and a stroller into a port-a-potty. The gentleman at the counter was nice enough to let us use the bathroom for free and nice enough to NOT take me up on my offer to pay him a million dollars for the privilege of indoor plumbing. That aside, we of course had to sample the fro-yo and it was delicious. We got the red velvet and the chocolate which I thought would be overkill but both were very good. They also offer Illy coffee, a fancy schmancy Italian coffee that I am more used to seeing in the streest of a European cafe rather than on Charles Street in Baltimore.As I was also desperately seeking coffee, I ordered a macchiato that hit the spot and gave me the jolt I needed.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,4/30/2012,336,288,9,11,11>Atmosphere: 5.0Service: 4.0Food: N/ABeer Selection: 2.5Overall: 3.8Remember when bars were bars? When they weren't filled with screaming kids, a dozen televisions blasting sports you don't care about, and shitty Top 40 music that makes you want to ice-pick your ear drums? Fortunately, Idle Hour remembers and they're holding on for dear life.Idle Hour is a hidden gem in Federal Hill that makes no bones about being a bar. If it weren't for its relative obscurity it could easily be overrun by hipster dufases who would bask in its beauty, ironically, of course. It's aglow in perfectly inadequate lighting (purple string lights, yeah, that's right), they don't serve food, they don't have a theme attached to their name and the conversation is actually louder than the background music (which, it just so happens, is overseen by the bartender). This is a place you can come to if you just want to hang out in relative obscurity and knock back a few. They don't have a huge draft selection (6 taps, I think) but they there are no beer bar claims here. The last time I was there I do remember them offering both Victory Prima Pils (one of the best American-made Pilsener style beers around today), Brewer's Art Resurrection, and Dogfish Head 60 min; a brief albeit educated treatise on three excellent styles.So what does Idle Hour have? They've got local art on the walls, a bathtub outside filled with dead flowers, a quite adult bar filled with an eclectic mix of people and conversation, and enough intrigue to keep you coming back and wanting to let your friends find out for themselves why you never told them about it in the first place. The only thing missing is the cigarette smoke haze, now that's a bar.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,4/29/2012,119,457,3,5,3>Still have yet to get over my froyo kick.Super pleased to find a nice big space, pleasant employees, and non-stale mochi. The topping selection here is pretty big, and possibly the best I've seen... various mochi flavors, popping boba (my mouth wasn't quite sure how to take this but it was like a thinner, smaller gusher in some ways...), really yummy cookie dough bites, lots of good fruit and tons of other stuff. The condensed milk topping looked intriguing, but I try to pretend my froyo is semi-healthy by mainly using fruit toppings, sooo that wasn't really going to work.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,4/28/2012,332,181,3,24,9>My 100th review was reserved for one of the best places I've been to in the area- my church! I seriously can't believe there's NO other Yelpers at my cool church?! Come on, people, we gotta let folks know how awesome Bridgeway really is!If you're not into the "typical" church experience, live for diversity, appreciate GOOD live music and theatre, plus have an affinity for comedy then you will absolutely love this church. Every week since I joined in this past Spring has been a revelation of all sorts. This church is definitely a great model for the future of Christianity if we really want to live out what the Bible mandates. Pastor David Anderson (DA) is a self-assured, articulate yet incredibly insightful and hilarious pastor who has a daily radio show on WAVA (105.1). He touches on subjects and issues usually swept under the rugs at churches, namely why are they so segregated? Especially in the 21st century? Well, at Bridgeway the congregation REALLY consists of people from all faiths, all ethnicities and nationalities. Not just one or two people, either, to fill some sort of quota. No, people- long term Partners- are all part of a myriad of fantastic cultures. It's amazing who you might meet on any given Sunday, sitting beside you and laughing out loud at one of the skits performed before Pastor DA's message.Bridgeway also has many opportunities to get involved. Check out one of the informational tables in the lobby or just ask one of the many volunteers at staff, who will welcome you with a genuine smile on their face. Too shy? No problem, because Bridgeway actually recently launched their own interactive, Facebook-style website for you to join and find out everything you need in a click or two. I'm so into social media sites (yeah, I'm Yelping right?) and The City (bcc.onthecity.org) is super user-friendly. I'm not on FB but I'd say it's a lot easier to use. Reminds of an evolved Twitter. No, really! Check it out and come to one of Bridgeway's three services- 8 a.m., 10 a.m., and 12 noon. They usually are less than 1 1/2 hours and offer a fantastic children's church, complete with their own live music and drama performances, for the kiddies under 12.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,4/27/2012,281,312,3,11,7>Yum! The Texan in me was screaming out for some BBQ and beer. So since yelpies suggested this spot, we ended up there with high hopes.1. Big Bad Wolf Sandwich- since everyone on yelp loves it, and I do not eat beef, my husband got this. He liked it but drowned it in the sweet and spicy sauce in order to fully enjoy it. So we both agreed, it wasn't all that it is hyped up to be.2. Fries- i love that they reminded me of the fries my mom used to make. Though if you carry out, it gets soggy so be careful. Quality is good and thats all that matters in the end.3. Cornbread- it is soft, dry and made to go with the ribs!! 4. Pork Ribs-smoky, juicy, fall of the bone goodness! This felt like Texas...yes friends I will be eating this anytime I have a craving for some que.5. Sauces- cherry bourbon,  and sweet and spicy were the ones we got to try. Cherry borbon was ok but the sweet and spicy one was delicious. I cant wait to try the xxx with the ribs yum!Prices are decent. It seems it is a better idea to call ahead so you dont have to wait a long time.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,4/26/2012,175,161,17,15,14>My desserts were big. I'll rephrase: My desserts were BIG! And, yes, I meant "desserts". Plural. Initially eaten in one sitting. I was introduced to City Cafe's 'cafe side' during Yelp Baltimore's "Office Hours" meet n' greet, but had returned to repeat some eats n' treats. And to enjoy the lively lunch time vibe. Honestly, my Crème Brûlée ($8), BIG as it was, tasted no better or no worse than any I'd enjoyed elsewhere. But it's more than generous addition of fresh blue berries, a decent dusting of powdered sugar, and 3 BIG fresh strawberries upped it's ante. My BIG chunk of Bread Pudding ($7) while good in and of itself had nothing new to say, but being drizzled by & wading in a warmed, sticky sweet Heath bar inspired syrup commanding copious clusters of toffee created an unexpected delight. My consequential sugar rush was augmented by a concentrated caffeine high courtesy of a good Espresso ($2.00). The BIG, no holds barred sweetness of my HUGE Iced Chai Latte ($4.75) compounded the rush launching me to the ionosphere. It's a bit bold on sweetness even on it's own. Prices seem BIG. But so is City Cafe's space. I imagine rent's BIG as well. But in an age where "bigger is better", super-sizing's generally embraced, and size absolutely matters, BIG pricing on BIG portions - even if overall wow factor's not overwhelming - doesn't surprise me. Nevertheless, my desserts were enjoyable. Presentation nice. Portions BIG. Yet my second try at the bread pudding yielded a comparatively smaller size. On the whole, I'm a fan of the above mentioned BIG desserts. Plural. Initially eaten in one sitting. I guess I'll end up BIG as well.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,4/25/2012,83,120,,3,3>4 stars if you are looking for a a no hassle meal =)This place is great for an affordable delicious meal. As a lunch spot, it isn't overly crowded ilke the rest of the eateries in Festival and the food, Mmmm exotic delicious.  With a mix of Middle Eastern and Indian food, it soothes the savory-addict soul.  The kabob platters come with salad, steamed veggies and HUMMUS and naan (amazing Indian bread).  The Hummus tastes better than butter and is by far the best hummus I have ever had.  The creamy yogurt base with the nice fruity olive oil makes it all worth it.  The meats are pretty good, well cooked and the chicken has never been overly dry.  The Indian-based dishes are pretty good (very much like Sizzling Bombay and Bombay Nights- which are apparently owned by the same guy).I knocked a star off for a few dishes that seemed unusally American influenced and not quite Middle Eastern or Indian (not that i am an expert or anything, but ... for example the Lasuni Gobi appetizer..  it is Cauliflower sauteed with garlic, curry leaves and exotic Indian spices..but what came out our table was garlicky spiced ketchup covered cauliflower.  Another downside to this restaurant is that the Family Platters (which would be great in the restaurant for fun communal dining) are not allowed to be ordered in the restaurant. It is only for take-out.All that aside.  This place is great for a  no hassle, inexpensive yummy meal with a touch a exotic =)
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,4/24/2012,89,571,,4,3>I have heard about this place for years and have never been. Last night 4 of us went to celebrate two birthdays. I was quite surprised to find it on New Cut Road, in a strip center I have passed thousands of times and never noticed it.   Despite the lack of "curb appeal" the dining room is beautiful, clean and fresh. The large open windows make for nice natural light, though the view is all highway.    We had some cocktails, no wine list for glasses of wine, but the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo offered as the red was nice and fresh. For starters we had the stuffed mushrooms $12 and grilled asparagus $16. Both dishes were very good but also very small. The mushroom (4) costing us $3 each and the apparatus about $3 a piece. I would skip the starters next time, tasty but once you realize how much they cost you, you will end with a proverbial bad taste in your mouth.   Entrees are $20 to $39 and the value was better here. My tomahawk veal chop was a wonderful piece of meat perfectly done. It included a small amount of mash potatoes and a few green beans.    Service was attentive. All in all, we would certainly have to drive to Little Italy Baltimore or D.C. for the caliber of entrees that we enjoyed.     So if your into food and know the great from the good, go. I only suggest that you save your wallet on the appetizers and your appetite for the veal.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,4/23/2012,115,493,,4,4>Pho Pasteur is pretty much tied at my personal number one spot to grab a bowl of pho (tied with Pho Van) and other yummy Vietnamese dishes. A lot of Vietnamese clientele here. Everyone else seemed to be ordering things other than pho, but SX and I stuck with two appetizers and bowls of pho. The pho here has a pretty flavorful broth (not greasy in mouth feel) and comes with the traditional add-ins of bean sprouts, chili pepper slices, thai basil, lime wedges, and some green leafy vegetable.  I tried the meatball pho (nothing really special, just your typical Asian freezer beef meatballs) and SX had the house everything meat pho. The stand outs of the meal was definitely the two appetizers we tried: the summer rolls and the grilled beef grape leaves. Next time I have a hankering for Vietnamese, it's either Pho Van or Pho Pasteur. FYI- This is a good place to take a beginner because everything in the menu is accompanied with a picture of the dish. This place is also a lot more modern than Pho Van (ie: nicer interior), which may be more comfortable to take a beginner Vietnamese eater.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/22/2012,103,88,1,5,4>This is purely a review for the downstair's bar as I have not eaten here, though I have been to the bar 3 times. The atmosphere is very unique and cool. It's great for somebody like me as I love the darker lighting and I enjoy the layout of the seating, more conducive for hanging out rather than just sitting at a regular restaurant table. Beer choices are good, the regular BA staples along with whatever seasonal choices are on tap. Service here is usually pretty average, I've never felt like any of the bartenders actually liked me or cared all that much when I'm being served, but I guess I'm not shocked by that.Cool place to hang out, definitely need to come back and have dinner here some time.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/21/2012,119,447,,5,3>You know, if they had a table inside I may consider giving this place 5 stars.  In the winter it's kind of cold to sit outside!!  But the summer it's great to get one of these delicious crepes to go or just sit outside.  They have a variety of savory or sweet delicacies.  THey had some veggie crepes and some butterscotch/banana ones, and nutella etc.  They also make a nice hot cocoa (home made recipie).  It was yum and I will go back.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,4/20/2012,123,196,9,18,7>I really like this store.  It is really more of a girl store, they have toys and outfits.  I know a few of my friends get their stripper clothes here when they don't have time to buy on-line.  I think they're a little pricey compared to on-line.  Things I Like:- Great selection of toys- Wide variety of lubes; organic, silicone, water based... kinds I don't even know exist-  Great place to go to obtain adult party supplies for bachelorette parties, bachelor parties, birthdays.  They have shaped straws, cake pans, hats, tiaras, sashes, special necklaces, blinking pins, candy shaped like...well, you know.  Anything you could ever really need for a good night out.  -  Lots of different condoms, some novelty.  -  Not as expensive as other places I've been to.  -  Good store lay out.  It allows for some privacy, yet is open so you can get to where you need to go.  -  They have a fitting room if you're buying an outfit.  I really like this.  I can't tell you how many times I've ordered something on-line and when I get it I find that it fits odd or only fits in certain areas.  -  Nice staff.  As a woman, I know that it must be hard for a woman to work at a store like this.  I've been told on several occasions that they are borderline harassed for articles of clothing or "dates"-  They make sure before you leave the store that a toy has batteries and is functioning properly.  I was on the fence about this and feel kinda meh about it.  I don't know how I feel having someone else touch my toys.  I mean I always clean them but I just don't like it... need I say more.  Things I Don't Like:-  A few times we have bought DVD's here and when we got home, the case did not hold the DVD it promised.  Disappointing to say the least.  Can you imagine, picking out a DVD among the many there, excited to see what you expected and seeing the exact opposite!  Frustrating!-  This is in a strip mall, right next door there is a subway and there use to be a pool hall but I think it's gone now.  Regardless, it's quite public.  There seem to always be some kind of happy family with small children enjoying their subs and I come by with my black bag and it doesn't make me feel bad but I can just imagine the questions from the kids after sitting there a while, "mommy, where is everyone getting black bags?  I want one!  What's inside of them?"  Ehhhhh.  So really, I have very few negative things to say.  It's a little farther away than I'd like but I can't really complain.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,4/19/2012,36,108,6,4,3>The only reason I could afford this restaurant was thanks to Restaurant Week. Yes, it's a Baltimore staple and yes, the decor and vibe was based off the prohibition era but hot damn, the food is good. The RW menu was pretty plain but included what everyone would want to try...the prime rib. Guys, I'm not even kidding you, IT TASTED LIKE BUTTER. Or, like, meat-butter but IT WAS SO GOOD. My friend and I were practically licking our plates. But then we remembered we were in classy restaurant and stopped ourselves. I want to say I'll come back regularly but I don't have that kind of money. So until the summer RW extravaganza is upon us, I'll be waiting anxiously to eat delicious meats. I recommend you do the same!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,4/18/2012,80,198,6,8,6>Pho you ask... what is Pho... well its... umm.. its... umm... just darn GOOD! Pho Dat Thanh is a small family run Vietnamese restaurant in Columbia. When you first walk in you think, ok standard Asian resturant... right... wrong. Once you open the menu you are greeted to a wide array of Pho choices. Pho, at least to me, is chicken noodle soup on steroids. Take the chicken noodle, add large chunks of chicken, fresh veggies, rice or egg noodles, and finally add a good heaping of seasoning and spice!! Thats what Pho is... just great on a cold winter day (which is when we went) You can also get Pho with Pork  and beef, also some places can make it vegetarian too! (which is also why we went) Pho Dat Thanh has a wide array of Pho but also other standard Asian foods, Gen. Tso's chicken, Kung Pow noodles, etc etc... so there is something for everyone! But how can one go here and order anything BUT Pho! The Pho comes out in Large bowls and its piping hot! Everything is fresh and super tasty! The service is also good, they are kind and attentive but not over intrustive. I would def. recommend Pho Dat Thanh, it is so worth a try, and I am sure you will be a Pho Convert!Pho Sho! (Couldnt resist)
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,4/17/2012,90,89,2,7,4>The restaurant is located in a nondescript strip mall on route 40 in Catonsville. The area has seen an increase in the number of Vietnamese restaurants over the past couple of years, but this place is head and shoulders above the rest.The color of the pho broth here is a bit more muddled than elsewhere. The darker color must somehow be related to the deeper and richer flavor. The broth possesses a deeply satisfying beef flavor that satisfies you to your inner-most being. The owls are nearly overflowing with the combination broth, noodles, and heaping amounts of beef flank, tendon, and tripe. Given the most excellent nature of the pho, I was a bit disappointed with the shrimp summer rolls. They were mostly filled with shredded iceberg lettuce and 4 steamed shrimp. They really could have benefited from some bean sprouts, carrots, onion, or cilantro. however, the peanut sauce that accompanied it was excellent, popping with crushed peanuts.It's also worth noting that they do not take credit cards and they close at 8:00 on weekdays. All in all, some of the best pho that I have ever tasted. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a warm, satisfying meal.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,4/16/2012,139,224,11,7,6>I'm in love.  After so many lonely nights with the blank stare from the bartender when I order a Dark and Stormy and all those watered-down Minute Maid orange drink-related cocktails, I've found a true haven of deliciousness.Bad Decisions is grungy, dark-ish and fantastic.  The bartenders are into the drinks they make, right down to the fresh-squeezed fruit they use.  And it's not like they throw a cherry into it and charge $10 for presentation, oh no.  They crush that orange right in front of you and slam it on the bar for a nifty $3.And they have board games.  If it weren't for the hangover, I'd think I was in Heaven.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,4/15/2012,155,197,4,8,5>I have SO been looking forward to this place opening, and let me tell you - it did not disappoint. I had the pleasure of rounding up a great group of people, including our own Michelle H. and my lovely SO Will L. to try my future favorite brewpub out.I called at 5PM to make a reservation for 6-8 people at 7PM. No problem! It might be because they are still on their soft opening (heh, I said soft opening), but they were able to be completely accommodating, even when I called back to up the reservation to 10-12 people. We were greeting by friendly hostesses, promptly sat and greeted by our friendly waitress. All of the waitstaff were very knowledgable and patient with our large group.The beer, of course, can't be beat. If you walk in and for some reason don't want Heavy Seas, they have top-shelf choice of other beers. But why would you not want the house beer? Heavy Seas only made 8 casks of their Noire chocolate stout this season, and the brewpub has 2. Get it while it lasts, because it will not be there past this weekend.The only reason this is 4 starts instead of 5 is that the food and food service wasn't great. I am more than willing to attribute this to the fact that it's still starting up, and I know it can take a while to get routines down and to get the cooks settled in, especially in a place that is known for its beer, not for its food. I will happily eat here again and see how they improve over time.Make a reservation, because one people realize this place is up and running, there will be lines out the door.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,4/13/2012,46,133,7,5,5>AAAAwwwwwwww yyyyeeaaahh!!! Beer, beer everywhere! And the food is boss. Atop it all the atmosphere is just tops and the service, though at times busy, is great. My dinner party and I slackjawed it up with what seemed to be a revolving three waitresses that took turns serving us and it was super cool (two of the three were cute, one was super cute). They were setting up for karaoke too just as we finished our meals. This place oozes fun, relaxed, and enjoyable and I need to make a concerted effort to go here more often.The chow:Smoke burger = delicious and well liked by many.Kobe beef hot dog = delicious but I wanted more.Cubano = a decent cubano with an interesting twist. Try it if you're a cubano fan.Truffled mac & cheese = there is a lot to be desired with this appetizer. The flavor is neutral and unappealing and in my opinion not worth the price.The chocolate cake thing = pure junk. I can't remember exactly what it was called but when I think chocolate cake I think a big piece of cake, not a small muffin sized piece of dense dark chocolate. It tasted bland too....just didn't like it.Notes:Good for groups, excellent bar, I once drank 12 lemonades here and tweeked out for about four hours before sleeping like a baby thumb in mouth.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,4/12/2012,42,42,3,13,3>Daniela's is like magic, one day I was walking down The Avenue as I am wont to do and there it was in the old Eye Candy location. There had been no fanfare and no notice, it just appeared like a present from the Gods of Baltimore.The magical pasta/pastry fairy who lives inside is Daniela a native of Sardinia (who I believe used to work at Sotto Sopra) who speaks a little English and employs nieces/nephews/grandchildren - I'm not really sure where she gets the kids - to work the register and take orders like a team of happy elves.  Lasagna, ravioli, focaccia, meatballs, pastries I've never seen before are all inside waiting for you. It's all made fresh on the premises and it all looks amazing. On my first visit I ordered the mushroom lasagna with green pasta and bechamel, meatballs and the caprese focaccia. The lasagna melts in your mouth and the flavors are so simple, so pure and so delish! Even the BF who is usually very conservative in his compliments raved about it! I mean the fact that he actually spoke words in favor of the food rather than just grunting as he shoveled food in speaks volumes. And the focaccia was out of this world with organic cherry tomatoes and fresh basil. Even a few days later when I reheated it blew my mind. The meatballs were fair but unfortunately not the best I've ever had.And it was definitely priced well. We got two huge servings of lasagna, two tennis sized meatballs and a large square of foccacia for $20. I will be making it a regular go-to spot for quick dinner on busy week day nights. The rumor is that they're working on building a small dining room upstairs as well for those who wish to dine-in.  Grano needs to watch out, there's a new sheriff in town!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,4/11/2012,59,224,3,9,5>Dined on 12/03/11My mother-in-law and her boyfriend took me out for dinner to celebrate my birthday (51 but who is counting). We've been going to Zorba's on Eastern Ave for years, they have the most awesome lamb chops (they have an 8ft long charcoal grill outback), but I have been wanting to try someplace new...at least new for me.My wife has been telling me that Samos has been around since she was a little girl growing up in Highlandtown (for all you non-Baltimore people, my wife, her family, and half of the neighborhood pronounces it as "Holland Town". I don't understand how you get Holl from High, can someone clue me in!).My first impression when I found the restaurant, it looks like a home...hmmm, well that could be because it is in the first floor of two converted row-homes. Baltimore row homes equate to bowling alley lanes, oops, I digress from my tale. Under the first floor eve, there in foot high blue letters is the restaurant's name. If you are not from the area, you could easily pass it by. Thank you YELP!!!, you got me there without any problems!!!The waiting area was jammed packed with people, much like college kids trying to go for the record number of people in a VW Bug. My wife and I waited outside on the sidewalk while my M-I-L waited on our table. Our wait was about 45 minutes. There are about 24 tables in the Samos, 4 in the front area and the remainder in the other side. Decor / ambiance was awesome, with murals throughout the dining area.Once we were seated, our waitress was prompt, polite, and personable. This is a BYOB restaurant and they have a $2/person charge for those drinking alcohol. I think this charge is very reasonable considering you are saving on the high costs of house alcohol and not paying for a non-alcoholic drink.For appetizers we had Fried Calamari and Dolmades. The calamari was exquisite, lightly breaded, crisp, and above all else very tender, which means very fresh. Frozen calamari usually means chewy rubbery, but not Samos' calamari it was delectable. The Dolmades were perfectly fixed, you can tell when someone takes the time to rinse the brine from off the grape leaves, if they don't you have a mouth full of the Mediterranean sea.For dinner I had the Moussaka (Greek eggplant lasagna). The eggplant was tender and tasty; there was none of the typical bitterness of an improperly prepared eggplant. The meat sauce was flavorful, and the mashed potato topping was creamy, smooth, and with just the right amount of seasoning. Too many times the potato component at so many places is bland because they cut corners... not so here.My wife had the Lamb & Pork Souvlaki (Kabobs on skewers). The meat was flavorful, tender, bite-sized morsels. This dish was served with a tomato basal salad, grilled potato wedges, and tzatziki sauce. Of course Sheri shared with me, and both the lamb and pork souvlaki was awesome.My M-i-L ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops....medium rare (there is no other way to properly cook lamb chops). My mother in law must love me, as she handed over a lamb chop without my having to ask...LOL!!! OMG tender, juicy, Delich!!! YUM!!!Frank, my M-i-L's boyfriend, ordered the garlic roasted Leg-of-Lamb, but unfortunately Frank ate the whole thing and did not share with me. It looked wonderful, but alas I cannot tell you of its taste. But I can say that Frank is a true Greek (one only has to look at his nose), and left not a drop of sauce or morsel of food on his plate. One might have thought he licked the plate clean....All of our entrees came with salads....Greek of course... with all of the accouterments one would expect of a good Greek Salad!!!We did not order desert here, but my M-i-L brought a whole cheesecake with her and the restaurant had no problems with us eating that for desert. Of course they had to put candles on the cheesecake for me to blow out.Our waitress was awesome. Attentive and readily accessible, which was amazing considering how busy this place is. We caught her ogling and drooling as she gazed at my cheesecake..... so I just had to give her several slices just for her. She was cute!!!Now the lamb chops here are not grilled over charcoal, so if you are in the mood for the smoky flavor that only charcoal can give, then go to Zorba's around the corner on Eastern Ave, but otherwise you would do well to dine here!!!Dress the way you wish...casual to fancy...you're free to choose.Cash only, no credit cards, but they do have an ATM machine.Also, no alcohol licence, but they do have a BYOB permit... so enjoy your favorite wine or liqueur with dinner.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,4/10/2012,31,103,2,6,4>This place fills a missing niche in the Federal Hill neighborhood. My GF and I were excited to check it out on its Grand Opening, and we are pleased to see that this place had a steady stream of customers coming in.The food is excellent. I ordered the lamb kabob ($9.99) which came with a side of basmati rice, chick peas, and naan. The lamb was marinated well and very flavorful. It was a little drier than I prefer however the marinated meat definitely shined through. The basmati rice (higher quality of rice) was buttery and salted well. The chick peas were also surprisingly really good---had a home-made flare. Oh, and the cilantro sauce (see pic) was one of the better sauces I have had in a while.Perhaps since it was opening night service was off and it was a bit disorganized, but hopefully they will smooth things out in the future.So glad this place is good for it will definitely satiate my frequent carnivorous kabob cravings.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,4/9/2012,137,104,6,9,6>Doggie Style is not just for dogs. My Bengal cat developed a food allergy and someone suggested I stop in and see what food they offered before paying the huge prices for the food our vet recommended. The staff at Doggie Style was amazingly knowledgeable about food allergies and the different types of food they carried in the store. I was fairly certain about which bag I intended to try before I went in but the salesgirl convinced me to try Nature's Variety Instinct. She selected a rabbit variety that was grain-free and gluten-free. I decided to try it out since the bag was only $25 compared to the $80 bag offered by prescription from the vet. It's been 8 weeks later and this food has been a lifesaver! I highly recommend it and Doggie Style. The best part was that the salesgirl actually called me at home later to check on my cat and discuss the food choice. Now that's great customer service!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,4/8/2012,17,33,2,4,3>How did I live before weekly fresh struan (i.e., chewy Celtic harvest bread goodness)?To be true, I was already a huge fan of the Belvedere Square Atwaters, a perfect place for a huge bowl of soup and a hunk of delicious bread on a cold day. And I discovered the wonders of the Kenilworth branch's drive-through coffee while I was on maternity leave (you can't leave a baby in the car, duh). But, now that Atwaters has a Catonsville shop (right near my work!!), I'm there all the time. The food is great: the stacked tiffin boxes, in particular, give you a clever take on the economical meal (one level = soup, one = bread, one = treat). And, it's always nice to get a cup of coffee in an actual cup, you know? It just tastes better.Heck, I'm scheduling meetings there, it's that good. You know why? With its bright, window-y, artsy, and so-far-still-fairly-undiscovered upstairs seating area, we can eat and think and brainstorm the way you're meant to brainstorm. And when we're done, I get a struan to go. Now that's productivity!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,4/7/2012,71,270,2,4,4>Yes! Finally! Baltimore has been missing a Thai restaurant worth patronizing. This place is by far the best Thai food in Baltimore--and the only one I will go to from now on. I agree with what other reviewers have said-- Stang of Siam has saved me from the terrible Thai food of Federal Hill! Not only is the food here *perfect*, but it is gorgeous and reasonably priced. I was not surprised to learn that the owner has two Thai restaurants in the DC area because this place has a very DC feel. It is sleek, warm, low-lit and adorned with gorgeous wood carvings. The service was spot-on. I have not found a single other restaurant in Baltimore whose chef can master the basil & chili flavor combination that stars in my favorite Thai dishes. Of course, we also had to sample the pad thai just to make sure-- and it was fantastic. The only thing I would change is the flat screen behind the bar playing HGTV on mute. Kinda kills the mood....not enough to keep me away from the freakin' fantastic flavors though. Please go, and quickly-- so this place can stick around!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,4/6/2012,20,24,7,12,5>If you've never been to Blob's Park it's definitely worth checking.  Tucked in pretty much the middle of nowhere it's a traditional German Beer hall complete with picnic style benches and pitchers of German beer. Four Reasons you should go.1) The Music and Dancing. I'm no polka head but it's definitely a fun experience watching traditional Polka music with people who have been Polka dancing the last twenty years. 2) The Beer. Served by the Glass or pitcher Blob's serves up traditional German Lagers like spaten and warstiener that you rarely even see on tap at a craft beer bar. 3) The Food - Really is there anywhere else around you can get wiesswurst, weienshetzil, and saurbrauten.4) The People. Blob's park has mostly a 50+ clientele with a spattering of yuppies(myself included) everyone goes out of their way to make you feel welcome.  They are all thrilled to have new people come out and check out the place and great to see younger people interested in a place they've been going to for years.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,4/5/2012,8,69,,5,4>I have yet to try the Thai menu (I mean to rectify that soon!) but I'm with pretty much the rest of the reviewers here, BEST DONUTS IN ANNAPOLIS!  If you can get them first thing in the morning, you will have achieved total enlightenment!  There's no way to describe them, except they are pure heaven!Dunkin' Donuts has nothing on them. NOTHING.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,4/4/2012,93,214,2,7,2>This place is GREAT!My family and I spent four hours here and still didn't see everything! There are tons of interactive exhibits to fully immerse you in each topic. I tried to get my 6 YO to name her favorite thing - she had one or two for each room/exhibit! I was also impressed with the museum staff  - they knew the topics well and were fun and entertaining, but at the same time, extremely informative.Highlights include:- Newton's room. I could play in there all day. Watching how water behaves to sound was amazing!- The Dinosaur bones and sand excavations were so fun!- All the Optical Illusions and learning how our brains work.- Taking our photos throughout the place to send to our email.- Chemistry experiments where the kids get to dress in white lab coats and goggles. I figured out that the membership was about 2x a visit, so we got one. Can't wait to go back and play and learn some more!!Note: the cafeteria is kind of expensive, and the food is not that great. I will either pack a lunch or go elsewhere next time.Note part 2: They don't have lockers where you can keep your junk from the trunk. They have a coat room that is all access - so don't bring anything you don't mind leaving where anyone can take it OR plan on carrying it around the entire time. I think the coat room is super cool! Afterall, it's free!!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,4/3/2012,381,200,3,4,2>Wow, OMG, WTH, What?, Are you serious?!....This is everything you'll think and may even blurt out when pulling into the parking lot of this place. First, it is located right before getting onto the 695 beltway in Towson and you may miss it if you're going too fast. This place is utterly amazing. I couldn't believe when I saw that they have their own shopping carts! I was in aww and I thought it was a supermarket that had liquor and food, but instead it is a supermarket for liquor. It's insane when you walk in the door in can look cramped but when you get inside you won't believe how much this place has stored in it.     They have anything to get the drinks flowing at parties, cups, mixes, etc. They have wall and wall and shelf after shelf of different liquors categorized into different sections by types, such as vodkas, tequila, rum, brandy, etc. There are two whole rows dedicated to just wine from the cheapest to the most expensive $1000 sound nice? The wine is also categorized such as chardonnay and merlots. Sometimes they feature wine tastings but you'll just have to get further details because they vary.      Walking deeper into the "market" you'll find the selection of beers that are kept warm. They have everything from crafted beers, imported beers, etc. They have different deals on the beer and the best part is you can compose your own 6 pack of beers that are warm. So if you want  6 completely different beers you can have just that at Beltway Liquors.      Then, they offer the beers served cold and that has a big walk-in freezer behind it, its great too. They have decent prices but it's the huge selection that may make you have a heart attack. I love this place, too bad they don't have more than one location but that is what makes it Beltway Liquors. Check this place out and see if you leave with a bag or a box......You'll be surprised.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,4/2/2012,747,595,7,8,6>Woohoo! As good as it gets! This recently opened barbershop is located on the outside of the Westfield Shopping Center in Annapolis. The decor lives true to the inspired rock-n'-roll roots  just a really cool looking place. Cover-art spreads around the walls, and there are a few LCD's around the shop normally playing ESPN.Customer service is fantastic, and if you're a new customer you'll be in for a pleasurable experience with free hot towels and a back message with your first visit. ( that caught me off guard, and really made the experience that much better - $3 for future visits) I let my barber choose a look that went well with my fine hair, and was open to her suggestions. Overall, excellent haircut. Plus nothing like a hot lather, straight razor cleanup on your neck after your cut. The lasting impression I took away from my visit, wasn't the decor or the mix variety of music in the shop. It wasn't the conversation, even though it was pretty good, and I am normally quite while at a barbers. What really makes this visit worth while is the cost. For my visit, with free hot towel and message services, my hair cut was $20. With such value I love this place, and have now found my new go-to barber in the area.- Men's and Women's shop- Hair cutting prices vary for styles and needs- Shaving,  Massage & Waxing services- Buy any of their products and return with the sticker from the product to save $1 next item
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,4/1/2012,92,183,2,7,3>I had my daughter at this hospital many years ago so I was pleasantly surprised when she was in labor with her son and  delivering at GBMC. Wow, what improvements they have made. The private labor room was spacious and well equipped. The nurses and staff were always available and quick to answer when we hit that button.  After the delivery, my daughter's room, although  very small, was clean and comfortable. Hardwood floors throughout and a great nurses' station. She had a menu waiting for her and she got to order her meals when she wanted and had lots of choices. The hospital always has people coming in and out and that;s to be expected but the nursery did keep the baby so she could get some sleep. They also came very quickly when she needed more formula and diapers. I love their  security system with the infants. No worries when the baby was not in the room with her. They do not allow children to visit which I think is a good idea. Only siblings are allowed. Four people are given passes and need to leave their license at the sign in desk. You need to have the card to get back to where the mothers are. On the last day of her stay there was a group of moms to be coming through on a tour. I hope that they have the same nice experience that we have. It is so special to bring a new life into this crazy world so it  was nice that the first few days of my grandson's  life were so welcoming.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,3/31/2012,39,123,,7,4>Mari Luna Mexican Grill is one of my favorite restaurants. Being in Pikesville, you would expect this to be some gringo rendition of Mexican fare, combined with watered down flavors to suite the local clientele. None of this is true. Mari Luna offers some of the most authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten.  Working out of a kitchen the size of a bathroom, the staff and the food never disappoint. I have sampled almost everything on the menu over the last few years, and while everything is good, there are certain must-eat dishes. I always used to order either the crab enchiladas, or fajitas al carbon (steak fajitas), which are both delectably delicious, but then I discovered the Carnitas Uruapan. This dish is chunks of slowly braised pork served in a rich chile braising sauce, topped with fresh onion and cilantro. It is hands down the greatest dish on the menu. Mari Luna also has a bunch of weekly specials which are a little more exotic and a little more expensive, such as Sea Bass, or Lamb Chops. The staff is always very friendly and knows how to speak English. Despite the miniscule kitchen, food always comes out in a timely manner and is always consistent.  I love this place and will continue to eat here for a long time. Still hard to believe that such a gem is located right in Pikesville.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,3/30/2012,46,149,,6,3>This place never ceases to amaze.  The food is simply superb.  The atmosphere is complex.The chefs take care to provide clean, healthy food.  They are very health and sanitation conscious with their food preparation and handling.  The wait staff is equally careful and very attentive to your needs.  Everyone working in here is professional and friendly.The atmosphere is a little confusing on the first visit.  Looking at the exterior of this restaurant located in a strip mall in Crofton causes one to wonder how good the food can be.  Opening the doors and walking in transports you to a fine dining establishment.  The décor is classy and well done.  The staff is all professionally dressed.  The presentation of the food is perfect.This place does get busy from time to time.  However, there is never a wait.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,3/29/2012,47,174,2,8,3>I really like this place! This was our "official" Workplace Celebration Meeting Place (comings, goings, promotions, etc.). Never been here for dinner- only for lunch.But the food has always been excellent; the service timely and spot on, esp. for a business lunch crowd, and the atmosphere has that nice cozy-quaint faux-nick-nack ambiance you expect from an Irish-style pub. Lots of dark wood, knick-knacks scattered about, fireplaces ,etc.-- very nice and cozy!Fish and chips has been my favorite- big, meaty fillets, lots of crispy-salty fries, nice sweet-barely dressed yet still moist 'slaw. Good stuff!Good stuff!  Never too crowded for lunch.As far as booze and stuff goes- working lunch on government employee time = no booze, despite what you may think about govt. jobs! So I can't review that.Overall, a very nice place if you're in the area.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,3/28/2012,257,225,3,7,4>Suga suga. What a great little store right off The Avenue. (My tip on this is to NOT park in the parking lot right outside, there are signs and you WILL get towed) I've been in a few times just because it was close by and more for novelty/something to do than anything. The selection is small, but they display everything out on tables so you can actually touch them and turn them on. The few things I've bought have been good quality. It's not your typical skeevy sex shop, it's super nice and clean and women owned! Whomever is working at the time will be very knowledgeable for any of your questions. I hear they also hold workshops, which are expensive but fun. 4 stars for a cute little shop, just minus one because of the small selection.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/27/2012,131,357,4,7,6>I can't believe it has taken me 10 years to return to Cafe de Paris. I have such fond memories of Cafe de Paris when they were in Laurel and now nice, new memories at the Columbia location. We started off with the cheese and crackers which was a selection of 4 different cheeses, crackers and sliced strawberries and blueberries. The cheese selection included a tasty soft brie, morbier and 2 harder cheeses. We continued on with a crock of French onion soup which was rich and covered in melted gruyere. The mussels farmer style were perfect with bacon, shallots, tomato and white wine. The best part is the broth after plucking through the mussels. We finished off with salads. The house salad was a fresh pile of mescun tossed in a light vinaigrette, and the blue cheese and cranberry salad was a a nice finish to the heavier soup. The service was good. Our sever was a bit quirky/nervous but really nice. I kinda miss our server from years ago...server by weekday and competitive body builder by weekend. He was our lunchtime server in Laurel. This is a nice large space with 3 separate seating areas including seating in the bar. There are booths and tables with bistro chairs. This is a great place for intimate dinners and larger gatherings. I'd like to return for a date night and try some of the entrees and rekindle the flame with Cafe de Paris.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,3/26/2012,100,125,3,14,5>Hmm... a club in Baltimore called "Get Down" - uh... I don't know about this... Is that an order or suggestion??? I have completely given up on the idea of 'clubbing' in Baltimore and was beyond pleasantly surprised last night! A coat check for $3, $5 cover - no pat down, and great diverse just out to party crowd, and absolutely great music!!! The DJ played your classic hip-hop party starters, the new hot songs on heavy rotation on the radio, some great non-mainstream reggae, threw in a lil' reggaeton in there, and gave a go-go shot out for the DC-ers. I LOVED it! I danced the whole time - so much so my friend and I prolonged on bathroom break because we kept turning around and coming back to the dance floor! lolI liked that everyone was just out to dance, not your 'looking around and sizing people up' crowd. I was also surprised by how big the place was! I was on the second floor where you could look over the first floor and I'm almost positive there was a third floor too. I'm SOLD - I will be frequenting this place more regularly!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,3/24/2012,41,92,,5,3>I stopped by here with my cousin to pick up dessert after grabbing dinner at Pasta Mista.  I've got to admit that I am loving these attractive groceries that are slowly taking over the whole grocery scene--this store almost gives a European market feel.  I'd like to say this grocery's offerings are like that of a condensed Wegmans, with more specialty products than your average Safeway or Giant.Upon entering, you'll notice the bulk foods section, with things you don't necessarily find offered in bulk elsewhere, like apple chips(!), and dried okra.  To the right (if you're facing the back), is an impressive produce section (tiny Champagne grapes, black mission figs, and Honeycrisp apples!)Behind the two rows of bulk foods, there's a central  prepared foods/deli/cheese section with an array of attractive offerings, like Butternut Squash soup or panini.Head to the back for their baked goods.  There you will find Pretzel loaves and delicious cookie pockets filled with raspberry jam, almond paste, or a brownie chunk (Raspberry, Almond, or Brownie Pillows).Beside the bakery, there's the "butcher" and seafood section with typical and not-so-typical offerings, like aged beef and chorizo.  Can't yet attest to the freshness, but hopefully they'd live up to their name.  At any rate, they're conveniently located across the street from Towson Town Center, so it won't be too long before I find out~
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/23/2012,157,175,3,10,5>My boyfriend and I tried this place for the first time last night. I had purchased a LivingSocial deal $25 for $40 worth of food or drink. The coupon says to call ahead and make reservations but when I called they let us know it'd be no problem to seat us right away when we arrived. We went on a Tuesday so the place was fairly empty. I was pleasantly surprised by the interior upon entering. Never judge a book by it's cover. Although this restaurant is in a strip mall the décor is quite cozy! Wrought iron "fences" and ivy as well as beautiful columns and murals.We were greeted by what looked like one of the managers and asked if we wanted a table or a booth (this was nice as I usually have to ASK for a booth!) of course we chose booth and then was directed to our table. I could see the bar from where we sat which I hear has a good happy hour for the Owings Mills area. I believe it's 2 dollar drafts and half off appetizers! There were flat screens and it was a little louder in the bar area as expected - but not too loud. Our waitress was training someone that night so we had two servers. We were asked our drink orders promptly and then brought fresh bread. The bread smelled delicious and was warm. Butter was served with it but there was a bottle of olive oil for though of you that are like me, and love to dip! The wine list was plentiful but I went with the house Chianti. All house wines (Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, Merlot, Zin & Chianti) are $5.95 a glass.  I'm not a Chianti novice but I enjoyed it very much. My real only complaint with the place was the padding they had on the table. It made us very nervous to place our red wine on the table because it was constantly shaking with every movement. Luckily we made it through without any red stains but the table top was very unsteady for stemmed glasses.I didn't order a salad but they had a nice selection: house, caesar, spinach etc. I opted for a cup of their Minestrone soup. Which was phenomenal. The broth was not as acidic as most minestrone it was almost sweet. The veggies were fresh and almost had a crunch to them. I was very pleased with my selection. They also had a cream of crab soup as well as a soup du jour. The menu was large and had a nice variety. Trying to keep my "New Years Healthy Eating" resolution in tact I tried my best to ignore my Italian blood and not order a pasta filled dish. Which was hard, and I kind of regretted. I ordered the Chicken Jacob. Although it was okay, It wasn't the best meal I've ever had. It was two chicken breasts cooked in a lemon wine sauce topped with fresh spinach and mozzarella. It was a little too bland for my taste with such muted flavors I think if it has something that gave it a little kick it would have been a little better. But lessons learned! My boyfriend ordered the Tri Salsa Tortellini which was ricotta filled tortellini with a sauce made with Marinara, Pesto and Alfredo. I stole a few bites and he cleaned his plate so I know that was a good choice! For the picky eaters I did see grilled chicken sandwiches, small pizzas as well as a burger on their Lite Fare menu.The staff was attentive and friendly, we were checked on a few times by managers always asking if we needed more water or more bread.  Always nice to find a new non-chain spot in Owings Mills to visit.There is a gym next door as well as a Giant so parking was a little hard to find but I suppose the gym will be a little quieter once the New Years rush dies down :) Everyone will opt for Italian comfort food!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,3/22/2012,43,311,5,3,2>See, this is why I love Yelp. Drivin' around hungry, call up the App, find a place in a little shopping area I'd passed 1,356 times and would never have had occaision to visit otherwise.Yes, hubby had to do the London Broil and it did not disappoint. Tender meat, fresh greens (not iceberg lettuce), just enough mayo and a dash of horseradish. The bread was, in a word, perfect.I fully intended to get the same, but when I saw "caramelized onions" on the description for the brie sandwich, I had to give it a try. I also figured that it would be a good benchmark--I like brie sandwiches, so I'd be able to compare specifically.There was no comparison. Best yet. Just enough brie melted only a little so that it was soft and warm but not a gooey mess. Again, fresh greens and yes, the caramelized onions were a great touch--their sweetness really brought out the tang of the cheese. Served on what was about the best baguette I ever had--super-crispy/crunchy crust (yet not dry) and soft on the inside (yet still dense).I will be working my way through the menu here. You know, in the interest of science.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,3/21/2012,47,129,11,6,6>Whenever someone asks me if I want to go to Nam Kang I wind up inevitably spewing off something relating to "nom nom nom Nam Kang" because that's just who I am damnit don't judge me.Truthfully the fist time I was introduced to this place I was out with some bartender friends who knew the place to be after they had closed up is a little hole-in-the-wall Korean restaurant up in the Station North area. Now you know too! It's great late night food, great hangover food, but it's also good to just pop by for dinner! Crazy right?I wound up ordering Rabokki, which might be a little texturally weird for some people, but I was loving it. Ramen noodles, beef dumplings, rice cakes, fish balls, some veggies and lots of spice. The fish balls were a little weird, more glutenous than I'm used to - I think I'm use to Chinese style, which have more texture. Still it was great, and it was just as good the next day.Kind of perfect for the just-coming-in fall weather: hot sake and spicy Korean food.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/20/2012,0,102,4,4,3>Had heard a lot about this place especially for the Tater tots and the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding, so naturally we had to order both along with a lot of beer. My arteries started dying soon thereafter, but I'm sure they died in happiness.Here's a recipe for success: -SHARE an order of the seafood tater tots. -Choose a few libations from the vast beer menu(might i recommend the Haviestoun Old Engine Oil Black Ale)-End the evening with the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding. Disclaimer: This really isn't the best place for the health-conscious. This was my "cheat-meal" of the century.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,3/19/2012,76,88,2,5,3>Since the Elite event that took place here a couple months back, I've been here two more times. I like it. The bartenders have always been friendly, and the fireplace they have on the patio is a great touch. Although, it was pretty dirty the last time I was there. It looked like someone had spilled beer on it. How does someone manage to spill beer on a fireplace? The prices are a more than I like to spend. Then again, drinking anywhere in the city is going to be more than I like to spend. That said, I'd say that they at the very least compare to the other places in the area. They have a pretty good selection, I think. I'm no beer snob, but I know what I like, and I'm content when I go.Leinenkugel's is a great stop for a long night of binge drinking. Just don't spend all of your time here. There are plenty of other bars to go to in the area that are equally worth visiting.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,3/18/2012,124,212,2,6,4>I know nothing about Pho. That being said it is like anything else; it is good if you like it. Well, I like it.I have been to Pho 89 a handful of times and it has always been pretty good. As soon as they put down fresh sprouts, jalapenos, lime, and basil I was in. I could eat those 4 with out the rest.A little more meat would be nice, but I have no real complaint for the price.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,3/17/2012,334,725,7,7,4>Maybe this place is tucked away from Baltimore or Annapolis or Colombia for the lower rent. Or maybe it's because no one likes to advertise they get plastic surgery out here. Guess we're not in LA or New York! Well these guys do laser hair removal too and it is just fabulous. They have to see what kind of lasers they are going to use depending on your skin tone and the thickness of your hair. It is not cheap by any means at all but if you are going to wax or pluck for the rest of your life, this is definitely a good investment. No more bumps, ingrown hairs or scaring and skin discoloration. Didn't know how good life could be without all of that! You have to go every four weeks for eight months. And yes the laser freakin stings like a zap for a second where there is hair growth. But I still think it's worth it.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,3/16/2012,90,93,7,5,5>I love this place. Hipster central.Why is the waitstaff so exceptionally good looking? And how can I find out which guys are gay so I can see if my oogling is not unrequited?Everything looks and smells so good. Turnip soup was amazing. Cornbread had pieces of real corn in it: what I look for in a good cornbread. And the honey and butter on the side..amazing.I could come here every week. And the menu would be different. The salad with the poached egg was delicious too...it didn't even need dressing other than the egg yolk. Simply genius. So much plaid. Come here and look cute and take in the ambience while you eat delicious foodies. You will not regret it.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,3/15/2012,103,142,3,7,4>This is fast becoming my favorite, go-to place for delivery.  The food is thoughtful and quite good.  Even more surprising, lots of what they serve feels very uniquely original.  Their hummus tastes like nobody else's, and I think at this point I could probably pick it out of a lineup.  Likewise their pita bread is clearly homemade and different from any other I've had.  Their kebaps are flavorful and come with a nice char on them from the grill, and the salads that come with their entrees are fresh and come with a lovely yogurt dressing.  Overall, this feels like nice restaurant food.And did I mention they DELIVER?  LIke, to my HOUSE?!  It might be a little sad just how much that excites me.  It's wonderful and surprising to have a restaurant with food this good also deliver.  Add to that the fact that it's an alternative to the same old pizza and Chinese, and I'm completely sold.  They're on speed dial.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,3/14/2012,36,95,2,4,4>Went here Saturday for V Day dinner (yeah I prefer to avoid the craziness of celebrating it the day of).  I did not make a reservation but nevertheless only waited 10 minutes or so.  The guy sitting us was really nice and helpful as was our server.  The bf had the lamb biryani and he liked it.  I went for the lobster karahi and it had lots of lobster meat.  The sauce that it comes with goes perfect with the basmati rice.  Overall the restaurant has a romantic feeling to it perfect for vday dinner.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,3/13/2012,145,325,4,7,5>When I heard a rumor that the owner of this small place claims to have invented Tiramisu, the epically famous dish synonymous with Italian dessert, I made it my mission to find and try this place.I finally made it out the other day.  It's at the edge of Little Italy. While the neighborhood around it looks a little tired, the actual bakery is a cute little oasis in that area.  A great date kind of place.  We came in just before closing time but were still well-treated by the owner.  We bought a tiramisu (obviously) and also got a cappuccino and an espresso.The coffee drinks were really good.  My cappuccino was strong but retained a hint of chocolate to it.  It's been a while since I had a good cappuccino and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Apparently the espresso was just as good too.The owner also gave us and another lady at the counter free samples of a king cake that they made.  It was very good.And of course, the tiramisu. It was really, really good.  I had some doubts about just how good this tiramisu could be.  I mean, even if the owner invented the dish, I'm sure some fancy restaurant could serve up a better tiramisu, right?  Well... maybe... but Piedigrotta's tiramisu will definitely give it some strong competition.  It is made with marsala wine (instead of the more commonly used rum) which gives the dessert a more rounded, mellow, complex taste.There's also food served here but considering I came just before closing, I didn't really have the opportunity to try the food here.And for all you cynics.... for what it's worth, the Washington Post investigated the owner's claim and said while it may be impossible to prove the tiramisu as his, there's a very good chance that he may be telling the truth.  Either way, it's definitely worth a visit to Piedrigotta for the tiramisu.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,3/12/2012,93,199,4,6,4>This is my first review in awhile. I got married a few weeks ago so the last few months have been pretty hectic, but now I can get back to yelping! My husband (so weird to call him that now!) and I have only heard good things about Blue Moon Cafe and have been wanting to try it for awhile. We came a few months ago, but the wait was too long and we were hungry, so we ventured to another place in Fells for brunch. This time, we walked right in and were immediately seated at a table for two. It was a Wednesday morning around 8:30 and after we were seated, there was only one other table open. That was immediately filled and then we saw a lot of people come in and put their name on the waiting list. We came at the right time!Our waitress took our drink order and then came back and we ordered our food. All I have read about is the Captain Crunch french toast and I knew I wanted to get that. So I got the Full Moon which comes with two pancakes or French toast, two eggs, and sausage or bacon. I chose sausage and for a couple extra bucks, I upgraded my French toast to the Captain French toast. My husband had seen reviews about the Sweet Baby Jesus, but it was not on the menu. We asked our server what it was and after hearing the description (hash browns topped with eggs, hollandaise sauce, cheese, lump crab meat and old bay) he ordered it without hesitation. All the food is prepared from scratch, so it takes a little longer to get your food than you would at a regular diner. As we waited, I looked around at the decor and read a news article that was above our table. Every time a server walked by with someone else's dish, I wondered if I should have ordered something else, but when our waitress came to our table with our food, I knew I had made the right decision! The Captain Crunch french toast is freaking amazing. I didn't even need syrup! I tried my husband's Sweet Baby Jesus and all I could say was, "SWEET BABY JESUS!" There is no other name for all the deliciousness that was on his plate.  I ate every bite on my plate and after my husband got too full, I finished the rest of his!We paid the bill and walked out into a crowd of people that were waiting for a table. I am really glad we didn't have to wait for our table, but if we did, then it would have been worth it. I can't wait to go back and try a breakfast burrito! They are ginormous!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,3/11/2012,63,182,2,5,3>The first time I saw The Wine Box I almost got whiplash.  I had no idea that they were building a nice wine store along 175 but I am glad that they did.  I first noticed it in January when my friends and I were heading to Bangkok Kitchen for dinner.  It was all lit up and all you could see were tons of shelves full of wonderful wine.  All three of us did a double take and craned our necks to see what the place was.  I love this place, the staff is friendly and they always have Strongbow which I love.  It's also the nicest store along 175 at the moment.  There are many different kinds of wine, liquor, beer and most importantly cider.  I go here a lot and have never had a bad experience.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,3/10/2012,59,44,,6,5>So you know how most Chinese foods totally make you feel sick after eating it? I did not feel that way at all at this place. I inhaled the food it was so good. The staff is oh so very kind and the food was amazing. I would definitely share one dish next time because the portions are enormous. And a huge plus to this place is that they have Bubble Tea and Thai Tea for that matter! Their tapioca are freshly cooked and taste amazing.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,3/9/2012,178,175,3,8,5>An unpretentious alcohol safe haven for the lesser educated...I'd been in Spirits a number of times before but, this time I took the opportunity to take it in.  The owner was very down to earth and passionate about helping all of her customers.  As she puts it she takes the guess work out of food and wine pairings, just stop in and tell her what you're eating and she'll find something for you.For the next hr she hand poured and educated a few us on the different wines she had selected for our group. With an abundance of wines in different price ranges, If you're ever in Mt. Vernon and pass by this place;  you're doing yourself a great disservice.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/8/2012,18,133,2,3,3>A theatre in Fells Point, that notorious haunt of mid-range bars and upper range restaurants? Really? Why yes, and a good one at that. Around since 1916, the Vagabond Players put on a variety of old standby's in a relatively small, old style, one-room theatre.A date and I went there on Saturday night, following a nice dinner at the excellent Black Olive restaurant around the corner, to see a production of "Arsenic and Old Lace" at 8 pm.  A play in three acts, interupted by 2 10-minute breaks, the show let out at around 10:45pm, with plenty of time to make it out of the area before the locals become too drunk.The production itself was excellent. The acting was very good, with only one or two fumbles that were caught and easily remedied without greater notice. The cast enjoyed their craft and the audience enjoyed the play. I will most certainly be back, perhaps for a performance of "Frost/Nixon" to run later on this year.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,3/7/2012,19,15,5,8,7>II was recently invited to "Date Night" at the studio. I'm typically suspect of anything titled "Date Night". "Date Night" to me sounds like a lousy term guys use to make girls feel special because they don't do it regularly enough. Title aside... it was a really nice surprise! Glassblowing demos were given in the beginning of the night, while patrons looked on from bleachers and sipped cocktails purchased from the adjoining bar/restaurant. After the glass master wow'd the crowd with his beautiful creation, we were given the opportunity to feel the heat up close. You could either choose to make an ornament, a flower or a charm for $30. After picking the colors you wanted your glass object to be, friendly staff patiently walked you through the process. While watching others or waiting for your turn, you could stroll through their gallery to view what the glass masters were making themselves or hop over to the adjoining bar/restaurant for food and live music.It's very easy to fall into a rut going to the same bars in Baltimore. This is a great excuse to break out of your scene for a while with friends-no "date" necessary!Check their website for other themed events and classes.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,3/6/2012,28,50,3,4,4>Trendy, fun atmosphere, great presentation, nice happy hour, even good marketing. A latin place with vegan options! Wow!Just about the ONLY bad thing I can say about this place, which is not their fault, is that it attracts an at times wildly obnoxious older crowd to the bar. I like coming here for happy hour with coworkers or dinner with family, with its great location near my office, but if I had my druthers I'd hang out with the DC crowd. At least those folks can keep it largely under control.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,3/5/2012,40,283,,7,1>I took my recently adopted cat here for an initial exam and spay consultation because Dr. Trujillo has a reputation for good but still affordable care. My first impressions were mostly positive. The office staff was friendly and helpful, and the doctor didn't seem to rush through the exam and was good about answering questions. He took care of what needed to be done (vaccinations, exam and bloodwork) without trying to sell any other expensive or dubious treatments. It's true that the facility itself is a little bit dilapidated looking but it was still clean and not at all unsanitary.Edit: I took my cat here a second time to get spayed and had another mostly positive experience. I had to reschedule at the last minute because I was unable to get my cat into her carrier (feisty little devil!) and they were great about accommodating me. My one complaint is that they didn't mention the optional pre-operative bloodwork until I dropped my cat off. If they'd mentioned it at the spay consultation I could've done a bit of research to decide if it was worth the cost.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,3/4/2012,144,59,2,3,2>Um, hello?  If you like BBQ, get your tail over to Andy Nelson's!  We have Andy Nelson's cater our labor day party every year.  The beef brisket, Pork BBQ and Turkey-Q are out of this world!  People comment on it EVERY year without fail.  Very affordable way to feed lots of people and it's delish!  Just try it.  You'll LOVE it!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,3/3/2012,79,211,,10,2>Great Thrift Store addition for the HoCo area. This is by far the best thrift store in the area. There are tons of rows of clothes and household items. The only thing it was lacking was a furniture assortment. There wasn't much in they way of a selection. On the plus side, there's a dressing room to try on clothes!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,3/2/2012,131,167,,4,2>Okay so Mary & Blanche is the spot for those funny gifts you want to hand out during someones going away in the office, birthday, retirement you name it this place has a funny gift for any occasion. I know this is my stop this year for sure for stocking stuffers and the white elephant gift exchange.  Come on by for playful shopping and laughs.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,3/1/2012,9,136,3,5,5>Red Star is tucked in the back of S. Wolfe Street and offers a good craft beer selection, a nice menu line up, and friendly servers. The interior is nicely set up - red brick and solid timber supports - spring to my mind in way of description.My last visit I had the Ahi Tuna wrap, sushi-grade and delicious, and garlic fries.  The fries could've used a little more garlic - but my taste for garlic runs towards "Excessive and Dangerous" - so it might not be for everyone.  Previously I've had the Maryland Chicken and came away impressed.  I dock only a star since I think the prices lean a little high.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,2/29/2012,118,600,5,6,5>Yes, people, it's a merry go round IN A MALL.  FIVE STARS!  Not the best mgr in the world but the best (and only) in a mall I've ever seen.  So for what it is, again I repeat, a Merry Go Round in a Mall, five stars. Moms, of the world, I can hear your applause from here!Being a wonderful and also overly-protective aunt I have ridden the mgr several times with my Baltimore niece and nephew.  Pretty much rocks in terms of length of ride (very decent), price (something like  $1.50 per kid and adults ride free) and choice of mount.  Details on mounts:  They have the standard mgr horsies, which go up and down.  They also have horsies which rock back and forth.  There is a Snow White/Sleeping Beauty princess horse-drawn carriage (sans horses) for little prince and princesses who just want to sit on a bench (and their mommies and daddies who don't want to feel stupid riding a horse).And then there is the teacup.  Don't get me started on the teacup!  Don't make me ride on the teacup, please!  Anyone over the age of 12 will get immediately nauseous on the teacup, which is an actual spinning teacup, like those one might find on the (ahem) teacup ride at an amusement park.    This one is PRIME real estate.  Be prepared to have your kids ride a second time if the teacup seats are full.  Still it will not take longer than 10 minutes of your time and what kid doesn't deserve a second whirl?
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,2/28/2012,42,172,2,5,4>What can I say that hasn't been said about this place?I was driving by after running some errands around Dundalk and noticed Weenie World was gone and Bull Pen had occupied the spot.Pit beef? New? I'm in!Great medium rare pit beef sandwich with fries, look at Jens pic mine was just as pretty, yea my medium rare pit beef was pretty.The fries were great too, skin on and tasty.And only 6 bucks..? Great bang for your buck. Local Ballmer Pit Beef at her finest.I think they are right,You can't beat their meat.Two thumbs up for Bull Pen!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,2/27/2012,48,147,,7,4>My dad and I took my mom here tonight for her bday dinner!OMG. Usually I wait a few days (or weeks of late) to write my review...Well... I had to write it tonight. It was THAT good!!I've read mixed things since it opened, but they must be working out those initial kinks that every restaurant goes through because MAN, they were ON POINT!We had multiple people tending to our table... refills were always at half-full, never less, plates were cleared promptly, etc.Jared was our server and he was phenomenal! He hit the ground running with his cocktail descriptions and based off of me telling him two drinks that I love, he recommended "The Company," and it was delicious! My dad mentioned that he thought he might be getting sick and probably shouldn't have a drink, and Jared thoughtfully suggested a hot toddy...(cue Usher song here) which my dad obliged to! Haha.When it came time for food, Jared wowed us some more! He was clearly passionate and knowledgeable about food and drinks in general (not just what was on the menu) but in a casual and friendly way so we didn't feel uncomfortable or silly asking questions about the menu. (Always a plus in upscale dining!) We had pleasant conversation with him throughout the meal and he checked on us often, but not intrusively. Ok... so the food....If I had to describe it in one statement: Balanced, yet creatively complex flavors. I won't go into elaborate details, but the highlights were...Toasted Peanut Soup- My mom ordered this as her app... her initial response was "mmm.. mmmmm... ohmigoddness this is delicious!!" I could easily eat two bowls of it. Daily Special Pork Entree- WOW! What a combination of flavors... the pork was tender and the celery root sauce was to die for!!Bison Tenderloin- Delish!! The flavor of the meat was more subtle than beef tenderloin to me, and it was cooked perfectly. The sweet potato, apple and brussel sprouts all went really well together.I know what you're thinking... brussel sprouts?!?! YUCK!    W-R-O-N-G!!!!The side of these little veggies was one of the best vegetable dishes I have EVER had! I don't really like brussel sprouts, my mom has hated them her whole life, and we all agreed that they were superb!! The woman at the table next to us couldn't stop raving about them either!!Seriously, they are not of this earth.(I mean c'mon, who raves about brussel sprouts?!?!?)Aaaand the finale... dessert! (The only thing I remembered to take pictures of!)We could not decide between 2 so we pigged out and each got our own... then for my mom's bday they brought out an ADDITIONAL little plate with a slice of cake, two small scoops of ice cream and a bday candle! (Uh yes, welcome to America, where there are 4 dessert plates for 3 people!)Baltimore Bar- Chocolate, peanut butter goodness... fluffy and rich. YUM.Maple Custard- I would NEVER order this just seeing it on a menu, but I was shocked at how good it was. Even richer than the last! Caramel lovers, this one's for you.Red Velvet Cake- I don't like the typical indescribable flavor of red velvet, but Jared told us this is a traditional red velvet cake, made with beets. Your mind is probably trying to go back down the path of when I first said brussel sprouts, but resist... RESIST! It came with cocoa-nib ice cream, which I'd never heard of and was subtle and really good.. Overall, this was just an unbelievable experience and worth every cent! Two managers came by to make sure the evening was going well, and they both wished my mom a happy birthday! When we were leaving more than one person told her to enjoy the rest of her birthday and she said that she'd never felt so special at a restaurant before!Wit and Wisdom, you are wise beyond your (not even) years!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,2/26/2012,121,240,2,4,5>Flemings is my boyfriend and my favorite place for steak in Baltimore. We were actually happily surprised by this- as it is a chain.One big hint to eating at Flemings is that they have a taxi bus that can pick you up and drop you off for free- so we always have them pick us up and then drop us at whatever bar we want to visit afterwards. They also have great tasting events during the week. If you sign up online, you can get emails sent to you with their specials and events. You can also check on their website. Which is how we came across our favorite special: 6 oz of steak and 6 oz of lobster for $100 (obviously this includes a salad, side, and dessert). I don't see this up online now, so maybe it's just in the winter? Or maybe you can ask when you sit down? Doesn't hurt!I'd suggest the calamari to start and lobster for dinner. They steak is also amazing, but the lobster takes the cake. The lobster is served with warmed vanilla butter! Last time we ate at Flemings, our waitress brought this out early so we could dip our bread into it- what a great idea!One last thing about Flemings is that it is a great place for a special event. I took my boyfriend for his birthday, and mentioned this when I made the reservation. The driver who picked us up said Happy Birthday to him, when we checked in, he was told Happy Birthday, our waitress said something, etc. The manager even came over to say happy birthday, took a picture of us and stuck it into a frame to take home. Also, they gave him a little box of chocolates as dessert. What a great touch!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,2/25/2012,30,83,2,4,4>So, I can't lie....Goodfellas is my local hangout.  If I would have been using Yelp back when it opened, I would probably have 50+ check-ins.  I have loved it from the get-go, and I think Paulo and Manny are two cool dudes that run the place.  The bartenders Anastasia and Jackie are pretty bomb ass ladies for their bartending skills too...even if I get a tease from time-to-time for drinking their delicious sangria...a man's got to have some tasty sangria right?The food here is really cheap, but delicious!  I am really hoping this bar succeeds.  They are working hard to have the best food specials 20 bucks for wings and a six-pack on game day (winner winner chicken dinner), and they are also coming up with various events.  They have a jazz night, an open-mic night, and a few other events they are trying out.I am still leaning on Paulo for a gangsta movie night, where we get discounted shots every time someone gets knocked off...but he is still resisting.So, this is a completely biased review...get here now, stop reading this review, and walk-in the door!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,2/24/2012,51,204,3,6,4>Peace and a Cup of Joe is surrounded by the usual chains (Starbucks, Au Bon Pain), local joints that don't quite measure up (Penn Carry-Out), and is in what I'd imagine is a high-rent district. They manage to survive, and keep a very loyal following. They must be doing something right, hm?The inside is wonderful. There are two stories, comfortable seating, a high-def TV (news/sports), relaxed smooth jazz playing, live music performances in the evenings, and it's all kept incredibly clean.There is a high number of homeless and unemployed who roam the area, and they often venture inside. But it's not an issue. Folks who may appear sketchy wander in, ask for water, have a seat, are polite, and go on about their business, or even hang out in chairs outside. But there's never any awkwardness, craziness, confrontations, or anything. Joe takes care of *everybody*, and they don't burn that bridge.The coffee is really, really good. The food is good, for the most part, and even though I don't love some of the smoothies I've tried, everything is pretty spot-on. Above all else, the reason to come here is because of the service. I've never received anything but amazing service. Everyone is very friendly and casual, and I get my order right away.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/23/2012,122,119,6,11,8>So during my adventures today, I became very hungry and was in need of something good to eat. I was on Main Street in Laurel and there it was....La Mia's. I went inside to see what they had to offer. It was your typical local pizza place. They served pizza, subs, wings, and paste. I asked the man if he served his pizza by the slice and he said, no. So I got a small pizza with black olives instead. He was very friendly and began making my pizza. I was shocked. He took a small ball of dough and rolled it out. Put on the sauce and the cheese. Chopped up some black olive and put them on the pizza....and finally, put it in the oven. A freshly made pizza. I was in heaven. I thought to myself, I hope it is as good as it looks. It was done in a matter of minutes. He gave me the pizza and I ran to my car. I opened the box (the smell was incredible)....then, the real test, I took a bite....DELICIOUS!!!!!!! YUMMY in my TUMMY! The best pizza ever....and they also deliver. This is my new pizza spot. Hands down!!!!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,2/22/2012,29,208,,7,3>The Maryland Ren Festival is a great time- kindof like an amusement park but less corporate and more genuine feeling.  Brook H's review is excellent and I found everything he said to be accurate.My big take away from the fair is how cheap everything is.  Even though it's kindof like a state fair, kindof like an amusement park, all the activities, food and drinks are totally affordable and somehow NOT over-priced.  Most of the games only cost $1.  Seriously.  The music and shows are totally free.  The food is pretty cheap, and great quality.  I found that there was actually quite a large variety ranging from the traditional funnel cakes and deep fried goodies to steak-on-a-stake, bags of snack nuts, tasty sandwiches and fresh squeezed lemonade (only $2 for a big one!).The shows were actually entertaining and somehow avoided the blatant corniness I was expecting, The jousting was real, and pretty awesome.  And for the adults, the bars were always hopping and the beer selection was impressive and affordable ($5 pints, about the same as any bar in town these days).  Overall, I had a surprisingly good time and will totally go back next year.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,2/21/2012,133,198,3,5,5>I have had this place book marked for a while now and have heard nothing but good things about it and of course I had to try the "best hamburger in Baltimore".  This place had a great ambiance and very homie feel to it. The beers on tap were ok, nothing fantastic, I went with the Smuttynose, however their cans list was fantastic and I wish I saw it sooner. We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table so we hung out at the bar till then. The menu is small and everything is reasonably priced.  We started with the Fried Broccoli and Cauliflower. This was just ok. The breading on it was good but different and the sauce was almost like a tahini. We should have gone with the chips and dip with bleu cheese and horseradish dip.For the main course I almost, ALMOST, got the pork belly sandwich over the burger. I am a sucker for pork belly and this would be off the menu next week. They stated they were moving towards the winter menu. So instead we each got the burger, with egg, sweet bacon, lettuce, onion, and horseradish cheese (cooked medium rare of course, the only way a burger should be cooked). This was accompanied by homemade chips. I went with the chips because I am a sucker for anything potato, especially homemade chips; stupid genetics. Wow, this was a good burger. Cooked perfectly with copious amounts of meat! The egg was cooked perfect as well, done enough that there was rich yolk flowing from the burger. I was a mess. Covered in burger shrapnel; I needed a bib. That was a good sign. Then I realized something. I couldn't put the burger down because it was so messy. This was NOT a bad thing. That means I had to focus on the burger and not the chips. I literally ate that burger in probably 3 minutes. It was that good. My wife looked disgusted because I dominated that burger that fast, but I was proud of my accomplishment and gluttony.  I would have to say, that was the best burger I have ever had thus far in my 32 years in existence. I surprisingly was still hungry, so I went with the cupcake topped with chopped bacon. The cupcake was delicious. I forget what kind of cake it contained, but the butter cream icing topped with chopped bacon was awesome. It was rich, it was salty, and it was sweet. Perfect combo.I will definitely be returning to this Tavern. I am not sure how soon because I now need to go perform some serious waistline management after eating that delicious burger. If someone can point out a better burger, I would love to compare. The only one I have one my radar is the Whiskey Village Burger in Philly.  I would definitely recommend coming here to see what the hype is about, because there is no hype, it's the TRUTH SON!!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,2/20/2012,60,128,3,4,3>What can I say - this is one of my favorite restaurants in Baltimore, hands down.  The service is always excellent and attentive.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The menu changes regularly - so you're always able to experience new things.  Grilled peaches w/ foie gras is somehow a divinely matched pair!  Make sure to try it while peaches are still in season!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,2/19/2012,74,176,2,5,2>Make reservations! Other than that I love this place! Bowling, great music and great food. Clean and well kept, great mix of people. Complaints would be wait staff are hard to keep up with and parking. Parking is a pain.. kinda on the outskirts of Fells Point.My favorites areNachosJerk Chicken Spring RollsSpinach Alfredo PizzaI believe they rotate the desserts.. but the homemade chocolate cookies with ice cream, is worth the drive and hunt for parking alone.  I made the $$$ on the cost of lane rental
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/18/2012,138,319,3,4,3>It's the call every man hates. Your wife is at a garage, car broken down. She's already talked to the technician, and the news is very bad. Here 16 year old car has finally give up the ghost. You rush to pick her up. Then you have to get a new car. Admittedly, we were planning on buying a new car anyway, we were just waiting for next month.  So we had all of our research done and knew we wanted a Mazda 5. So our shopping around consisted of looking up deals on the internet. When I called Heritage Mazda in Bel Air, I talked with Will Wells who explained their pricing and sales strategy. After comparing his offer to others's we knew it was the best deal.Now the only time I've bought a new car once before. It ranked somewhere between having my wisdom teeth removed and the hernia surgery I had with general anesthesia instead of sedation. In other words, it was long and painful. Back then, I left feeling like I was the biggest dupe on the face of the earth This experience was astronomically better. Will Wells is probably the best car sales man I have ever met.  My wife and I knew what we wanted when we came into the dealership. However, Will insisted that we both test drive the car to make sure that the car was exactly what we thought it was. He did not pressure us to buy something more expensive that would not fit our purposes, though he talk to us about buying too much or two little car. In other words, buy for who you will have in the car in three or four years, not just today. Good words of advice if you are starting a family. Even though he knew he had a sale from the start, Will kept making sure that we knew everything about the car that could be a selling or sticking point. He did not try to sell us anything extra. He just stressed making sure that we got what we needed. He was more of a car counselor than a sales man. Even the finance consultant, Richard Blaine, was low pressure. When we told him we already had gap coverage through our insurance company, he said "Oh, good" and moved on. He did not try to sell us the dealership's policy. The only thing he did try to sell was the extended warranty, which we were going to buy anyway. However, he still wanted to make sure we knew exactly what was and what was not covered. Finally, one of the banks met our credit union's rates, and he got us the loan through them. However, when we pointed out how we could get an even lower rate through the credit union by setting up for automatic payment, he called the bank and got them to match that offer too. It seemed as if they were really wanted to make us happy, not just sell us a car. I would definitely recommend buying a Mazda at Heritage Mazda of Bel Air. Now if my wife would just let me drive that car...
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/17/2012,43,72,2,9,4>So far, this place is fantastic. The coffee and in house bake goods are so reasonably prices (completely on par if price-wise with Starbucks and infinitely exceeding quality). I get one grip: I hate when things like greek yogurt or naked juice are marked up 200-300%, a practice which LAMILL, unfortunately, does partake in. And that's okay, now that I know, I don't think of getting a yogurt with my coffee.Okay, we're back on topic: I've had lattes, cappuccinos, coffee, many of the pastries, and the lunches (from Wit & Wisdom in a select menu for LAMILL). All have been extraordinary. So good, in fact, that my trainer had to specifically address my zucchini bread obsession. Apparently it's not the best thing for the ole figure.Beyond good product, what blows this place out of the water is the space and the staff. Much of the Fells Point shops are hindered (and blessed) by the old buildings, so the spaciousness and full windows of LAMILL really stand out. It's clean, industrial, open. And the staff are always kind, knowledgeable, not pushy, and happy to help. LAMILL and Four Seasons have figured out something great and I really hope it stays that way.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,2/16/2012,126,80,6,6,5>I used to go to Frazier's all the time. It reminds me of... blacking out. Yes, I realize the irony. It reminds me of "forgetting." This is largely due to the very kind bartenders and gigantic shots they pour. (Also, due to the fact that I used to like to guzzle shots like it was my job). Also, as other Yelpers have mentioned, you don't ever want to leave. It's the kind of place you can come hang out and eat dinner for cheap, move on over to the Karaoke room and sing some tunes, then drink your embarrassment at the bar. Definitely the best bar in Hampden and one of the best in the city.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,2/15/2012,133,540,4,7,4>My fiance and I traveled from Baltimore to dine with our friends Andrew and Maria.  They were asked to return to the restaurant after a previously poor experience dining at the Coho.  First off, I will give all of the staff and the chef Paul credit for meeting a challenge head on.  Personally, one of the greatest compliments I can give the restaurant is that it changed my mood.  Before dinner, I was a bit upset (no fault of the restaurant).  A combination of good food, atmosphere and courteous staff and I left with a smile from cheek to cheek.  We started with garlic shrimp and crab dip.  I really enjoyed the detail put into the freshly fried pita triangles.  For the main course we had  crab cakes, the duet, Chesapeake chicken and the short ribs.  The sides of risotto and grits were the perfect consistency.  They were rich and delicious.  The Chesapeake chicken had the perfect crust, giving a great texture to every bite.  The crab cakes are full lump.  I would rank them right under G & M's and Timbuktu's, but ahead of Gunning's and Faidley's.  For dessert we had a raspberry tort which was rich and delicious.  Everything was wonderful.    One critique would be the menu is slightly "safe".  As talented as the chef is, I bet he could put together some wonderful dishes with more exotic ingrediants.  That said, the restaurant does cater to a suburban clientele and the menu choices are understandable.  My last comment would be in response to the review by "Marilyn".  One of the benefits to yelp is that more you review, the greater the credibility you build with other members.  If you only have one review which cuts a more credible senior member as "cheap", it makes you seem biased (read into it, some relationship to the restaurant).
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,2/14/2012,35,120,2,7,6>When it comes to the Reuben, this place is the king.The wife and I were enjoying a beautiful day at the Inner Harbor, and after a few hours of walking and people watching, it was time to take in a bite to eat. Where do we go?We stood near the Pavilion and went through the usual suspects. I could tell that she was hankerin' for Cheesecake Factory so away we went. Well after taking one look at the line and judging how hungry we were, we decided that the place wasn't worth the wait. So we strolled to the door across from the Factory, and decided to try out the Deli. Boy are we glad we did!You walk up to the counter and place your order based on their large selection of sandwiches, salads, soups and even some traditional comfort food. After ordering, a worker will bring your food to your table if you are dining in.I ordered the Reuben and a bowl of crab soup and the wife got the exact same thing. Kinda weird, I know, but that's how we roll.The Reuben was tasty, the cheese and sauerkraut forming a perfect bond with the meat and rye bread. It was hot, fresh and melt in your mouth goodness. The soup was also very tasty, having just a bit of spice and a generous helping of crabmeat and veggies. It was one of my best deli experiences!I will definitely go back, and this time, I may even try the fries with gravy or the onion rings (they looked perfectly crispy when they were brought out to another table).Enjoy!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,2/13/2012,31,213,6,10,8>Ok, as far as Pennsylvania Dutch markets go, this place is standard fare. The food is always fresh and always good. You have everything here from baked goods to cheeses to fresh produce and meats. You're never going to have a better pretzel or donut that what you'll find in a Dutch market!That being said, because of the popularity of this place and its locations I do recommend only going in the morning. During the work week (Thurs. and Fri.) you simply should show before the lunch crowd (by 11 a.m.). Weekdays are usually better, but the lot can get filled and the lines a bit longer.If you decide to go on a Saturday do NOT go after 10 a.m.! Be there at open and try to get your business done ASAP. This place is a complete zoo once the area starts to wake up and do their weekend business. The lot completely fills and traffic throughout it is ridiculous. Add into this that you're talking DC/Baltimore attitude from the other customers, and you'll wish you had stayed home.So, in short, definitely get whatever you can from here because it is 10x better than your local grocers. However, visit this place around open, especially on Saturdays. Also note that you should bring cash, because some places accept card... some don't.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,2/12/2012,195,458,2,4,2>My husband stopped in here for some fresh tortillas.  He came home with warm corn tortillas that are by far the best we've ever had.  They stayed fresh in our fridge and were the perfect addition to Christmas morning breakfast taco's.  Soft, flavorful, delicious tortillas are essential to any taco.  I can't give five stars because I didn't go myself and only tried one thing, but I will be back!  Great find and addition to our Mexican/Tex-Mex meals.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,2/11/2012,197,128,3,6,4>My brother takes his Mexican food as seriously as most people take their jobs. He considers himself a connoisseur, a knight on a quest for Great Tacodom. I made the mistake of moving a block away from Tijuana Tacos, which has consequently designated me as his go-to grub-buddy. The following is a random sampling of his latest requests for me to squire him about to food fiestas.   Sunday 2:47 PM: "Hey sis, want to get some Tijuana Tacos sometime this week?"Monday 11:13 AM: "Rach. TACOS. Tonight. Get some."Tuesday: 3:05 PM: "I will be in your area in 3 hours to get Mexican food. JOOOOIIIIN MEEE!!! :D"I reluctantly succumb, and we meet up after work. T.T. is not the sort of place you walk by and think 'Oh I have GOT to get me some of THAT!!'. However, as is often the case, appearances can be deceiving. We started with the chips and salsa: fresh crispy tortilla chips with salsa roja, salsa verde, and guacamole. The salsa roja is smoky and robust, with a moderate kick of spice. The salsa verde has a tangy almost pickled note, which works perfectly with the savory red salsa. We ordered tacos as our entree (obviously, when taking into account my company), and I tried one chicken and one spicy meat. The tacos come out with 2 fresh tortillas, the meat tossed with onions, cilantro, and grilled onions, and radish and grilled cactus on the side. Be sure to doll up your tacos with the lime and chunks of radish: they add the perfect fresh, citrusy crunch with a hint of bite. Both of the tacos were mouth-wateringly delicious, and very authentic, but I was completely  taken with the spicy meat. The seasoning has so many layers, and makes for one terrific taco. Since my first visit, I've returned twice, once getting the spicy meat taco, and the second ordering the enchiladas. The enchiladas were out of this world. The sauce was fresh and picante, drizzled with delicious queso blanco and topped with crumbled queso fresco. They are a must-try.Overall a great place to swing through, or order in (they deliver!). It speaks well of T.T. that my salsa-savvy brother has labeled them as "the best Mexican" he's ever had. Delicious authentic Mexican food with fresh ingredients and wallet-friendly prices. Highly recommended for Mexican enthusiasts.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,2/10/2012,95,120,2,6,4>The best place for brunch at a reasonable price in mount vernon.  I can at least say that I am there at least twice a week, either for breakfast or to watch a game. Darrin and his staff are phenomenal. And also what I like they have tweaked the menu with more healthier choices for the health conscious diner. The Bodyby Donovan powerhouse sandwich is to die for. The turkey is smoked inhouse and the sweet basil dressing adds a nice touch to the sandwich. All the food is made fresh daily. The baked goods are homemade and the deli meats are smoked. The corn beef is by far the best I have had in a long time. I also love the courtyard out back so that you can sit outside in the warmer months as well. And the restaurant is very dog friendly as well. So if you have a pooch you can bring your dog with you as well and sit in the courtyard.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,2/9/2012,19,222,2,8,4>I had some family come in to visit and I wanted to give a local, non-major chain restaurant a try since I recently moved to Columbia. After doing some Yelping research, I decided on the Stanford.First thing is first - as others have said, it is very awkward to find since it is visible from 175 yet getting there requires you to do some navigating. That said, it's worth it. I went in on a weeknight at 6pm and it was just starting to get busy, but by a little after 7 every seat in the house was taken with others waiting. It's obvious that people are willing to take the time to find the place. There was also plenty of families and non-business related dining, so what I am trying to say is that people obviously come here because they like it, and not as an expense account destination despite the office complexes and hotels surrounding it.As far as the food, as others have said the menu is rather small. They really seem to specialize in a few areas and that's it. However, their drinks and wine selection is generous. I chose the Wood-fired rotisserie chicken as they proudly have them on display and the waitress highly recommended it as their main specialty.The chicken was excellent, very moist, and generous in portion (approx. half a chicken, white meat). It came served with redskin mashed potatoes & green beans which were fantastic.Service was definitely great, as they are very attentive to your needs, promptly take your order, are very knowledgeable about the menu and what specials they have available or adjustments you can make, and they immediately tell you that you will receive two waiters per table. If you can manage to save room, I had the home made key lime pie which was absolutely amazing and a must for anyone who even remotely likes key lime pie. I have tried several key lime pies, but none were as good as this. And there is more than enough to share for at least two people.Overall my experience with the Stanford Grill was excellent. The food and service were fantastic, and the pricing is absolutely a bargain. My father and I had actually spent more for two people at Union Jack's the day before then we did here at Stanford Grill which is bizarre. Our total bill wasn't even $60.I'd really like to see Stanford get a broader menu, you're really not going to find a lot of options if you aren't in the mood for chicken or a steak. But it is still a very satisfying experience and a restaurant I will definitely go back to.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,2/8/2012,119,457,3,5,5>Most amazing fries I've EVER had. At first when we saw the 2 orders I was thinking we probably only needed to get one since they were so big... and then 5 minutes later they were both gone anyway. I got the combo with 2 "plain jane" hot dogs, an order of fries, and a drink (this is probably the only place I've ever seen Boylan's fountain soda, which was interesting). The regular hot dogs are a pretty good size but the Cuban dog with bison sausage was massive and looked a bit difficult to eat. I can't remember the last time I had a hot dog before I was here but I've kind of been craving them ever since.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,2/7/2012,25,116,,12,3>This is a great place for anyone, not just seafood fans. They have Barbecue, Grilled Cheeses, Burgers and Sandwiches too. So there is more to this place than it first leads on. Service was decent, very quiet when we came in on a Sunday night. Had  a Barbecue Brisket sandwich and fries. Not a really big portion for the price, but it certainly had quality in the taste and really that's worth paying for in the end. Their homemade sauces tasted really good as well, I used their Carolina Sauce. The great thing about their desserts is they serve homemade pies. You can get them by the slice or order a whole one to take home. Sadly, as much as I had my hopes pinned on a slice of blueberry a la mode they were out. But I will be coming back as long as they have it next time. My friends and I loved the food overall. I could certainly see myself eating here regularly especially because its within walking distance.Update: Since then I have returned here, The blueberry pie is truly excellent.and the platters are huge and truly worth the value. They have some of the best mac n cheese I've tasted and they put the garlic in garlic mashed potatoes. The sandwiches may not be much but if you spend the extra money on a platter you get more food than you could ever ask for. Also the management is extra friendly and attentive. They even held a customer appreciation night with a free buffet. This place is definitely worth the visit.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,2/6/2012,89,250,,5,3>I have to say I have tried to avoid this place because of it's name alone. I was scared of fusion but don't judge it by it's name or strip mall location. I thought I was in for some crappy Chinese takeout but was pleasantly surprised.  My husband got the General Tso's Chicken which was the juiciest breast meat ever. I usually don't like it but it was so good!! The Cantonese chow fun would gave been perfect if not for the not so fresh noodles but I still gobbled it up.  The prices are fair and with the restaurant.com gift certificate it was definitely worth it. The staff is very attentive and helpful. I will make this our go to for Cantonese cooking in the area.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,2/5/2012,23,76,2,3,3>I attended a wedding reception here on the weekend of 11/12/11.  The venue itself was spacious and elegantly decorated.  The food was amazing- coconut shrimp, chicken skewers, crab cakes, filet.... everything was done to perfection.  The bar was stocked and the bartenders were speedy and friendly.  The manager came around to our table to check up on the meal, which is something I have never encountered at a reception, but I was impressed by it.  He even noted that he had extended the reception (and open bar) by an hour as a surprise courtesy to the bride and groom.  Sounds like a good deal to me :)
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,2/4/2012,65,60,3,3,2>5 stars for everything except atmosphere.  i'll get the bad out of the way, and then rave about the rest.the layout is really weird and doesn't really work for the crowd that frisco's always seems to have.  i do like the community tables adjacent to the bar, but the acoustics are terrible.  when there's live music you can barely hear it, but there's enough of an echo that it's tough to have a conversation with the person next to you in the dining room even when it's not particularly crowded and raucous.  i can't really tell what they're trying to accomplish with the atmosphere either... modern?  pubby?  antiquey?  i don't get it.that being said, everything else is pretty much awesome.  99% of my experience is at the bar, and the bartenders are all wonderful, friendly, knowledgeable and funny.  the "beer board" is fantastic.  i generally pick out my own brew (and my boyfriend's) but when i don't feel up to it they always find me something that's spot on, and often something i might not have tried on my own.the food is great as well.  i've had the risotto cakes, nachos, empanadas and... some other stuff i can't remember... and have never been disappointed.  usually the beer fills me up so much i don't really have room for a burrito, but i've had stolen bites from others' plates.  it's still american-style mexican, but that has never deterred me.i'd be here a little more often if the atmosphere was better, but that still hasn't stopped me from going here a couple times a month. :)
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,2/3/2012,154,580,,5,6>Such a cute little store in the heart of downtown Annapolis!They always have something new.  Whether it be housewares, clothes, baby gear, cute toys or jewelry there is always something nice to check out at this store.  This is also a fair trade store so a lot of their products from from under privileged countries that were made in exchange for food and clean water.  So there is always a fascinating story behind each product in the house.  Buying fair trade will help these people. There is also beautiful  local art. I have bought several gifts from this store. They also have clothing that are both comfy and environment friendly.  It's no trendy fashion boutique for the young crowds, but they do have some cuter conservative items. Prices are very fair, so this is definitely a great stop for Christmas shopping downtown.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,2/2/2012,155,217,3,7,8>Chicken Paul, in my opinion, is one of those hidden gems that you pay no attention when you drive by, but is amazed by once you finally decide to go in.  When I say amazed, I'm not talking about the layout of the restaurant.  I'm talking about the delicious food and even better quality customer service.  It's amazing what influence high quality customer service can have on the overall experience.Chicken Paul resides on Loch Raven Blvd near Towson.  You can miss the place completely if you are getting fresh off I-695 going across Joppa Road.  Bring spare change, because there are parking meters outside of the store.  If you have never been to Chicken Paul, I recommend getting something simple, like four pieces of fried chicken wings and fries.  The chicken is moist, savory, and cooked well.  The chicken wings aren't small either, if you are wondering.  The store offers either french fries or potato wedges.  If you get either one, they'll put enough to the point where the tray is hard to close.  I believe to total was a little bit over $5.Big fan of Cheesefish subs?  Excellent, because those are delicious as well. What about half and half (Baltimore talk right there)? The store will serve it up, no problem.  Honestly, I'm confident that pretty much anything on the menu will be good enough to order.  Chicken Paul has a couple of small tables in the front, so either bring a small crowd or just plan to carry out.  Either way, make a stop if you are in the mood for some delicious food in the Loch Raven area.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,2/1/2012,40,37,5,10,7>Let me start by saying you could not drag me to Canton any time after 5pm between Wednesday and Saturday. The ratio of frat boys to fun is not a good one, and I only needed to go to Claddagh Pub once during "prime" hours to know it was truly a disgraceful excuse for nightlife. Now that I've laid that out on the table, I had a wonderful experience at Mama's. My friend and I both work in the service industry, and headed there on a Monday afternoon around 2 when we were both off work. Canton Square was all but abandoned; something I've never seen. Pretty grand, actually. We were starving and craving crab dip (shocking) so we wandered by, caught a glimpse of it on the menu, and grabbed a table outside.The experience began there. Our waitress was pretty much the paradigm of a great server. Bubbly, funny, great suggestions, attentive without being pervasive... she did everything right, we really enjoyed our food AND we had personal space. Plus we basically had the best gossip sesh ever, which was unexpected but perfectly timed for a lazy afternoon.If that wasn't enough, the food was pretttttyyyy stellar, especially for the price. We got a crab dip (obvs.) which was only about a 6.5 or 7 out of 10, if only for the too many different cheeses included... but I ordered the half-and-half soup-- half cream of crab, half Maryland crab served in the same bowl-- and it BLEW me away. The sweet tangy sherry in the cream of crab stimulated the warm, softly spicy tomato-based Maryland crab to pander a whirlwind of delicious crabbiness unto my palate.... ahhhhhhhyummmmmmmmmmmmmm!!! French fries were 'meh', I'd skip them and save the calories for something else delicious on their extensive menu... like the MAC AND CHEESE. My friend ordered it. I ate a lot of it. Will certainly order next time. And infinity times after that... until someone is ultimately feeding it to me intravenously.Anyway, if you jones for seafood the way I do, you need to try this place. It's so unassuming and gave me exactly what I wanted: good seafood dishes without paying a bajillion dollards. We left uncomfortably full (per usual, because we don't understand self-control at meal times), took home leftovers, and each laid down less than 25 bucks a piece for the whole ocean feast. YEAH YEAH!"Mamaaaaa('s).... Ooooooooo..." -Freddy Mercury (was totally referencing this restaurant.)
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/31/2012,416,145,7,9,7>I'm not a Diners, Drive-ins & Dives groupie. I go to places that I hear about from fellow locals, not because it's on TV. The purpose of this preface was to let you all know that I don't have Fieri stars in my eyes while I speak about this spot..This is the eastside's answer to westside's (of town not the nation lol)  Double T diner. Whether it's 3am or 3pm, this is a cool spot just to go to when you want something to eat, no frills, no glorified wait, etc. You can get your breakfast on at night and your tbone steak, and store brand grape on in the morning (I dont eat eggs).Breakfast seems to be the most popular any time of day for most of the patrons, I'm guessing due to the variety of dishes/omelets etc, but as I said, eggs are the devil so I wouldn't know much of these things lolMy fave dish? The New Orleans salad and I get some sliced avocados on it for an extra dollar and some change. The salads are huge, meal sized, and best believe you probably wont be able to finish the entire thing.Customer service is cool but the reason why this place doesn't get the 5 star whoa nelly is due to the price. Back in the day the prices were way cheaper (by at least $3-$4 a dish) but Baltimoreans now have Guy Fieri to thank for the inflated prices. *grrrr*, but either way, don't let it discourage you from getting a great meal.In fact, I'm headed there this morning to get my fave salad =)
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,1/30/2012,332,181,8,12,11>This is not your average hole-in-the-wall sleazy pawn shop. Nope, this is the megastore of pawn shops so the Superpawn name is fitting. As soon as you pull up to the convenient location, right off Route 1, you see the rows of bikes and motorcycles. Then enter the store and check out walls of  the latest electronic equipment, home repair appliances, some designer bags and tons of jewelry in the glass-encased counters. The guys here are tatted up, young and kinda hot, so you'll swear you saw them on some reality show on A&E.I had been to a few places trying to get the best deal on lots of old gold jewelry. They were nice, informative and very professional. Amidst all the strange and interesting people that somehow tend to frequent pawn shops, I was able to get quick and attentive service. These guys know their stuff! I left with cold hard cash in hand and even got an offer to walk me to my car because they were closing and I had so much $$$. How sweet!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,1/29/2012,103,88,2,4,4>Crab cakes, crab cakes, crab cakes. That's what Faidley's is all about. Believe the hype, the crab cakes are as good as the reputation says. Only other thing I've had here is the crab soup and it was tasty as well. Definitely stop in if you're in Lexington Market.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,1/28/2012,336,288,3,11,4>Recently, my wife selected Pazo for our 11th wedding anniversary dinner. Every year we try to find a special place to associate with our special day so we don't take the decision lightly. Neither of us had very much to go on other than what fellow Yelpers have said and a few reviews we managed to search out on the web. Sure, it sounded nice, it sounded swanky, but you can never really be sure until you've experienced it for yourself.We arrived around 6pm on a Monday (took the scooter so no valet review) and upon entering we were immediately greeted by the maitre de and his team. It was early so the crowd was pretty sparse. We were escorted upstairs to a two-top toward the rear of the restaurant. It was cozy, secluded and just perfect. So what about the décor?The old warehouse that Pazo has taken over has been transformed into something I can only describe in two words - swan ky. It was almost too nice for a guy like me, but I managed. The ceilings of the widely open space have to be 50ft high and all around are hanging these enormous wrought iron chandeliers with gently glowing faux candles. I couldn't quite put my finger on the vibe. Maybe upscale Spanish castle meets urban nightclub. There are giant vases and couches interspersed with tables and a DJ booth for the late night crowd. There are two levels to Pazo with the upper being more of a ring of tables that encircles and overlooks the lower. Both levels have their own bars. I loved sitting up top. You could look down upon the masses and secretly spy on them as they carried on.The service at Pazo is among the best we've had in this or any other city. The servers, flitting around like a well-choreographed team of ninjas, are polite, very professional and our waiter, Jarod, was fantastic - he actually appeared to take pride in his work. If you're used to the half-assed, attitude ridden services running rampant through some of Baltimore's eateries you owe it to yourself to pay Pazo a visit. Part of the reason you're paying so much for your dining experience is the service and they killed it here.The food at Pazo is amazing. The care the chef has taken in selecting the ingredients is clearly evident and the presentations were edible Picassos. The first bite you take is with your eyes and Pazo takes this to heart. Here's the rundown:Bread Course (Fougasse with warm cheese fonduta)I'm a huge sucker for bread, especially fresh-baked artisanal bread, and Pazo's in-house baker (Carrie Goltra) blew me away. The Fougasse, a bit like a hearty wheat soft pretzel, was crispy outside and soft, warm and chewy inside. The cheese fonduta was a smooth, melty beauty. Props for the Pugliese that was served with my meal, too.Summer Bruchetta Small PlateA line of militarily arranged crostini, each topped with a thin slice of fresh yellow or green zucchini, a quenelle of herbed ricotta cheese and a garnish of julliened fresh basil. Normally I wouldn't bother with such a dish (where's the meat?) but my wife convinced me to try it and I was impressed. It was fresh, light and a perfect balance of textures.Sea Scallops Small PlateA duo of perfectly seared sea scallops set atop a puree of locally sourced corn. The sweetness of the scallops went perfectly with the sweetness of the corn puree and the addition of a bit of lemon into the corn was an unusual and pleasant surprise.Local Pepper SoupNow, this is what soup is all about. Imagine a deep red creamy bisque that smacks you in the face with fresh bell pepper flavor and you're just about there. Now throw in a sea scallop, thinly sliced and topped with crispy pancetta, ringed with bright green chive oil and you've got it. Brilliant.Creekstone Farms NY StripI was craving meat big time and this dish gave me my fix. I'm estimating about a 16oz NY strip cooked medium well resting atop a bed of olive-oil mashed Yukon gold potatoes and lightly plate-sauced with a smoky Spanish red pepper puree called mojo picon. It was definitely carnal love at first sight. The steak was tender, juicy and well-seasoned and I'd bathe in mojo picon if it were at all possible. It's nice to see a piece of meat that's not covered in some kind of sauce.Sicilian "Brioscia"Yes, we made it to dessert...barely. Pazo's take on ice cream sandwiches is definitely worth a try. You get three flavors of fresh ice cream, pistachio, vanilla and mocha, each in their own little sweet slider bun. The buns are airy, soft and topped with crunchy little sugar bits and the ice creams were all spot on. We barely managed to get through the whole thing, but the struggle was a beautiful pain.I can't say enough good things about our experience at Pazo. It's a gem of a restaurant hidden within the masses of those that try too hard but, sadly, always seem to fall just short. There are restaurants where you go to eat and there are restaurants where you go for an experience; Pazo falls within the latter. We are already planning our return visit.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,1/27/2012,290,462,,4,4>Very cheap eats yet restaurant quality Chinese food from this humble carry out. That's capitalism for you. Competition for the empty bellies out on York Road is fierce. Triple Delight, fried rice, and soda filled me up for $5.25. Can't argue with that. Asked for spicy and they loaded my order up with chili-garlic sauce. Yum-oh! I'll definitely be back to try the chicken box, hunan beef, etc.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/26/2012,61,215,1,6,2>The inauspiciously named Thai Restaurant on Greenmount at 33rd isn't in the best of neighborhoods, but does have secret parking in the back if you don't want to park on the street. It looks like a hole in the wall that's going to have passable Pad Thai and not much else, but this is one of the better, friendlier, and cleaner Thai places that we've found.I've been frequenting it since 2001, and while I used to eat in weekly with friends while in school, it's become more of a takeout favorite as of late. Their massaman curry is one of the best I've had, anywhere, plus it's practically the definition of consistent. They have one of the better Pad Thai dishes in the city - less oily and more flavorful than Ban Thai, better acidity and complexity than Thai One On. Their spring rolls are fresh, the Thai iced tea is proper and indulgent, and they have an extensive set of vegetarian options. It may not look like much from the outside, but it's definitely worth a try!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,1/25/2012,115,493,4,5,5>A friend was visiting and I thought having Afternoon Tea would be a great experience and a great way to catch up on everything. I opted for the Afternoon Tea service (pot of tea, tier 1: 1 scone, tier 2: 2 mini savory tarts, 3 finger sandwiches, tier 3: assorted finger cakes/tarts/bars, a chocolate covered strawberry, and a cookie).  My friend opted for the Savory Tea service (pot of tea, 1 scone, 6 finger sandwiches, 2 mini savory tarts). I have to say, the scone was the major highlight of the tea service. I kind of  wished I was offered more than 1 in the tea service, but given the overall amount of food, I wouldn't have been able to finish everything. I tried the orange cranberry one and it was quite delicious. It was served with cream and strawberry jam.  The finger sandwiches were pretty traditional; 1 ham with mayo, 1 cucumber with cream cheese/sour cream spread, and 1 egg salad. for the Savory Tea service, you received 2 of each finger sandwich. Out of the two savory mini tarts, the one with potatoes and meat was a favorite. The mushroom one was a bit on the dry side. The last tier of the Afternoon Tea service was pretty standard fare- lavender shortbread cookie, almond cake with jam, lemon bar, pecan tart, chocolate covered strawberry, and a few other bite sized sweets. Overall, it was a dainty affair. I only wished that I still had my fork (they took away my fork at the beginning of the service since I guess I didn't really need it) or a small serving spatula or tongs to pick everything off the tiers onto my plate.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,1/24/2012,175,161,17,17,16>Date: 08/12/2011 Time: 11:17 a.m. Location: 400 E Fayette St at N Holliday St, Baltimore City Hall Subject: Kooper's Chowhound Burger Wagon Mission: Eat delicious burger from food truck Report: After scoring a MacGuiness ($9.00) burger, Sweet Potato Fries ($2.00), and a canned Minute Maid Lemonade ($1.00), I dined al fresco on the south side of the War Memorial Building. Since I got there just as grilling began, I asked for and was uncharacteristically allowed a meaty piece of Angus beef flawlessly flamed med-rare. Otherwise burgers default well-done. It was flipped sizzling hot fleetly from it's grill to it's big soft bun to it's bag to my fervent hands. The toppings of apple-smoked bacon, rings of red onion, crisp lettuce, ripe tomato, and melty cheddar didn't overwhelm, but complimented. My sweet potato fries were appropriately crisp outside & rightly tender inside without a burned or overcooked potato in the bunch. Flavorful, yes, but more savory saltiness couldn't hurt. The canned Minute Maid lemonade? Meh. It was canned Minute Maid lemonade. This lunch was slightly pricier than most burger/fries/drink lunches I've had, but worth it. Next time I spy Kooper's Chowhound I've got their Charlie Brown ($10.00) burger with it's shameless full pound of Angus in my sights. And I'll add the "sauce". Mission summary: Burger delicious. Mission accomplished! Addendum: Five Guys who?
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,1/23/2012,86,338,1,24,4>I had never been to this place before...until yesterday. I was in the mood for some seafood and decided to search the Internet to find some place that was somewhat close to where I live. I came across this place and decided to take the 20 mile trip there and back to see what this place was all about.This is a seafood market that offers lunch and dinner platters to go. It is not a sit down restaurant so don't make a trip here if you are thinking of sitting and eating. The market has fish, scallops, clams, oysters, mussels, lobster and an assortment of different crabs. I am a fan of MD blue crab (naturally being an MD native). So I ended up getting the Crab Pot special which was $49.99. It came with a dozen steamed blue crabs, a pound of snow crab clusters, a pound of dungeness crab clusters and a quart of MD crab soup. I also added a pound of their giant steamed shrimp which was steamed with Old Bay seasoning. The crabs were the regular size. Despite being small they were tasty and meaty. The crab clusters were very good. The meat was tender and sweet. The crab soup was excellent. I love a good bowl of MD crab soup. The giant shrimp were spiced just right. If you like seafood, particularly shrimp and crabs, give this place a try. I am pretty sure you will like this place.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,1/22/2012,125,176,4,3,2>A large yellow sign proclaiming FREE SAMPLES caught my eye as I was driving and I had to go there. I made the right move. I tried their slice of pit beef. It was tasty, although a little drier than I was expecting. Nonetheless, i ordered a large pit beef platter with the works (lettuce, tomatoes, tiger sauce, bbq sauce, onions) and 2 sides (chili cheese fries and coleslaw). Another smart decision!The chili cheese fries were awesome! The fries themselves were fried in peanut oil and tasted similar to the ones at Five Guys...only it was covered in delicious chili and gooey cheese. The coleslaw had a hint of horseradish but wasn't overwhelming. It was a nice cool, sweet coleslaw. Perfect compliment to the tangy bbq sauce from the pitbeef. As for the pitbeef sandwich, HUGE is an understatement. There was so much pitbeef on this thing that they couldn't smoosh it between two buns. Instead, they piled the meat on top of the two buns such that you couldn't even see the buns. It was then doused in sweet tangy bbq sauce (but not too much). I'd say there was at least half a pound of pitbeef piled high. EVERYTHING on that plate was working together in harmony. The entire thing felt like 2lbs of food. Best of all it was only $8.99!!! This was my first pitbeef experience and it was GREAT!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,1/21/2012,76,346,5,10,3>Well, our generator quit on us before all of 2011's earthquake and hurricane nonsense.  Luckily we got through it all fine, but then afterwards we started hunting around for a place to get it running again.My small engine repair skills generally involve repeated attempts to start the device while I make up new combinations of words that describe my current emotions.  This approach, while cathartic, has been empirically ineffective to date.Luckily Bobby, the proprietor of RDC Small Engine and Mower Repair, seems to have a more advanced technique that involves "tools".  He had the thing fixed and running in less than 24 hours, even though he appears to have a constant stream of business.  I take this as a good sign.Bobby's initial estimate was low (for which he apologized) and, while the work was a little more expensive than we thought it would be, it was done so quickly and effectively that I'm OK with it.  Also given the aforementioned stream of business, I'm guessing that his prices are reasonably in-line with reality.I'll probably bring some other things over at some point.Big note here - CASH ONLY.  Let me say it again, with emphasis: ***CASH ONLY***
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,1/19/2012,281,312,5,17,9>i don't know where to start except that we had to move from Austin,TX in a matter of days and we looked around Baltimore, and found the most useful information on Yelp. I love you guys!So on to Palisades...Marty helped us to find an apartment.Pros:Friendly residentsGymBamboo FlooringPet FriendlySound-resistant wallsGranite countertopsstainless steel applianceswasher and dryerand palisadestowson.com/Amen because it makes no sense for me to type so much.You get what you pay for. They DO NOT rent to students if they can help it.Cons or concerns:Automatic parking takes a while to get your car but as secure as it is, I should not complain.Cabinets galore except they hit each other or appliances when open, seems poorly planned.Only offer one yoga class which is Saturday morning,.I love living here so far. Will update as we go!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,1/18/2012,179,576,,7,5>I was very happy I decided to make a stop here.  I got an iced coffee with actual iced coffee cubes.  No watery coffee.... just the pure thing through and through.  I was left room for cream and sugar and instead of having the packets of sugar, I was actually offered liquid sugar.  I thought this was really a great idea.  No way you will have grains of sugar floating to the bottom as so often happensOf course, I had promised my daughter something sweet so we purchased a brownie.  The girl told me they were good but she really wasn't kidding.  That brownie was dynamite and worth every penny.  I believe Water For Chocolate relies mostly on catering but does offer a walk in menu of some very tasty sounding items.   There is is a also a brunch available.  Like a lot of places in Canton/Fell's Point, there is a limited seating area.  They are definitely worth a look.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,1/17/2012,74,28,5,8,8>Thanks lynn! I pretty much ordered everything you recommended and I was mucho satisfied.Our waiter was maadddd cool! I think he was the bartender too. Nonetheless he was on point. Lots of room, numerous flat screen tvs: we sat smack dab in front of the biggest one... Sweet!Booze: The Jack Daniels Honey tea and their lemonade (of course I told our waiter/bartender to make mine slightly strong, and strong it was!)My date had 2 Jack & cokes and for $4 a pop we were both quite happy- Happy Hour is every  M-F, 3pm- 7pm w/ Nightly specials starting at 6pm, M-Sat.P.S. I'll be taking requests soon & very soon for anyone that would like to join me for $5 Red Bull Bombs. Even though I had already ordered my drink, our waiter/ the bartender let me taste one or two of the popular beers on tap.Appetizer: the mac n cheese wedges were FANtabulousdisclosure: I'm NOT a huge sammich person so I was the least bit amuseed to hear there werent any ribs or steaks- on the flip side- Entree: I had the wings, half garlic, half smokey bbq. a MEAN combinationMy date had the BBQ burger, which I ate 40% of And his handcut fries which I ate 90% of both were deliciosoAll I can say is: I'll be back!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,1/16/2012,34,300,3,4,3>Berger Cookies are just completely bonkers. Absurd amount of sugar, insanely thick chocolaty fudge, little (or more accurately, negative) nutritional value... but still, I challenge anyone not to have a smile on their face after eating one of these things. They're fantastic.I did deduct one star for the continued use of trans fats. They really need to eliminate them from their recipe.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,1/15/2012,45,42,5,4,4>Lord Have MERCYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!If your big on breakfast or brunch like ME.. MYSELF.. this is the place to be.I ordered the pumpkin spice pancakes.It was high blood pressure on a plate. It was worth each and every bite.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,1/14/2012,83,120,5,5,4>Dutch Country meets Joppa =)Tucked away in the corner of the Flea Market in Joppatowne Plaza Shopping Center is the gem that calls itself the Farmers Market. This place is for those of us who love, love fresh food..Pretzels (like Auntie Ann's), Fresh Fruit Smoothies made to order, HUGE bakery, BBQ, Fresh meats, Home cooked section, Confections (fudge, chocolate and candy), Deli, Butcher, and TONS of food.  I asked the lady behind the Poulty counter where the meat comes from, and she was able to answer to who, where and when  ( i love that!).  There are homemade pickles, and TONS of places to order yummy food.  The prices are really good and the food is made to order and super fresh =)I love seeing more local food come to areas that need something other than fast food chains and other chain restaurants. =)Try it out.   FYI the red velvet whoopie pies are amazing @ the bakery.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,1/13/2012,113,66,3,4,4>I woke up this morning cravvvvving brunch, and dreaming about Teavolve's delicious waffles and omelets. But, definitely not getting out of bed just yet. So the next best thing - writing a review of their food.Teavolve's right in Harbor East on Aliceanna, in a great location and I've never had trouble finding street parking. Probably because they haven't developed the empty lot across the street, so you're just competing with the giant apartment building and Pazo (where everyone does valet parking anyways).Teavolve has this super zen vibe so it's a good place to go for a relaxing breakfast. If you're in the mood to shout obscenities with your friends, or recount the ridiculous ongoings of last night - it may not be the best place for you. Try a diner.But if you're in the mood to relax, let Teavolve mellow your life away. They have an incredible selection of teas to choose from, and bring you an adorable small tea pot with a tea light to keep it warm. And it's pretty cheap - about 3 dollars.The best part is the food. There's not a huge selection of brunch choices, though I am a believer that American's lose it when they cannot order everything they could possibly ever imagine on a menu. There is, however, something for everyone.I love the waffles topped with fruit, and the omelet. I always get mine with spinach and feta and it is maybe my favorite omelet in the city. BUT THE BEST PART!? Half priced mimosas on the weekends. Get an entire pitcher. It's worth it.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,1/12/2012,80,198,5,6,8>Been to Brewers Art a couple times now and have enjoyed each trip :) This review is mainly for the bottom (underground) section of brewers Art. I usually just enter through the side door down stairs (please do watch the stairs, can be tricky) When you first walk in you eye take a couple minutes to adjust to the dungeon like lighting and decor. The second thing you notice is, why does it smell like garlic?? Are there Vampires near by?? but then you see see the beer menu hand written with chalk on a chalk board behind the bar and all thoughts of vampires are forgotten. This is a micro brew... so don't expect Miller Lite or Coors Lite on this list. If you want a description of what each beer is, they have plenty of beer menus laying around. IF you want a SAMPLE, the bartenders are more than happy to give you a small sample of any beer you would like! Brewers's Art offers a good array of beers, they have a seaonal (not sure if its full time now) cardamom beer, which sounds nasty, but is very tasty and fruitful, but not sweet :) Oh and back to the Garlic! So one thing that Brewer's Art has over most other bars is there fries! Their garlic fries are killer! Thin cut, so they are crispy and the fresh garlic is a dream come true or a close talkers nightmare! (beware close talkers). The first couple fries you eat with your hands, but they you just dive in with a fork and munch on mouthfuls of garlic fries and beer!! Their other food, I cant say I have had, but have heard decent things. Brewers Art is def worth a try, the combo of great beer and yummy fries makes my mouth water every time! So come on down to the dungeon where the Vampires def. don't hide and the beer is always tasty!Cheers mates! Hey can I get a wooden stake over here!!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,1/11/2012,139,224,7,9,8>Anyone who gave this less than five stars is wrong.This is a food-lover's dream come true.  Every kind of veggie, meat, fruit, spice product you could dream of with the background smells of hundreds of food stalls and the sound of the highway echoing overhead.The prices are incredible, especially for this kind of farm-fresh stuff.  Some stalls have higher prices than others for the same thing, so it's worth shopping around.Also, if you can find it, there's a bbq pit that has a $3 sweet/tangy/porky sandwich that will give you the energy you need to keep spending money.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,1/10/2012,123,196,1,7,3>I have saved my 125th review for something very special.  Today was my very first time visiting The Grill and I am blown away.  We came to get some kind of brunch after my son's dentist appointment and I thought it wouldn't be anything special, boy was I wrong!First off, you have to understand that this place is iin a strip mall with a bunch of doctors offices, not the ideal location for maximum traffic, but that's what I love about this, if it were on ritchie hwy, this place would be bumpin and there's no way I could just walk in and get a seat.  Looks are truely decieving in this case.  Keep in mind I have two children under 2 during this review:Garys is very welcoming and cozy from the outside, and honestly, sitting inside of this restaurant, you wouldn't realize you're in a medical strip mall.  There is a little fire place, a nice looking bakery display and the food prep area is kind of open for all to watch the chefs making their food (and to thank the chefs personally).  I ordered the creamed chipped beef and got the kids a chicken tender meal with fruit salad.  The kids were getting restless while we were waiting so our waitress kindly brought us two complimentary pumpkin rasin muffins... my kids adored them!  They're tiny and so yummy!  My food was better than anything I've had before, definately not prepackaged like some chain restaurants and not thick like it had been sitting too long.  The chicken tenders, oh yum.  I'm going to go out on a limb because I don't know for sure and say that they have never seen the inside of a freezer.  Im almost certain they are hand breaded and prepped right there.  The fruit salad was so fresh and light!  I can't wait to frequent this establishment more often.  I think I may request hubby take me here for date night.  Oh I must add before I sign off that this place did not break my budget at all.  It was less that $20 to feed 3 people!!!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/9/2012,43,146,3,7,5>First week in my new neighborhood and we decided to scope this place out. We had the half pint in tow so we needed to be sure it was at least 'kid tolerant'.  My husband went inside first to get a lay of the land and we were happy to report it is indeed kid friendly (though the clasp on the high chair is broken). The owner and owner's son were both very nice and Elain, our server was fast,  knew how to get the order quickly (and correctly) by giving the options available with what we ordered, and always kept half an eye on our drink levels. A Delegate was there (a regular dinner location for him) so that was neat getting to talk one on one with him. A few cops came in as well and had dinner on their break - always a good sign when cops hang out somewhere. All the other people there were locals and I overheard Elain recalling their usual orders before they said them - another good sign. Anyway, here is what  our server helped us decide on. I say dinner, while unhealthy, was a 100% success. Next time we'll choose more healthy options - including the Prime Rib special, of which several regulars raved.1. Burger with swiss and mushrooms. Cooked well and to order. Juicy and delicious2. Onion rings - crispy and yummy3. Cheese steak sub with American (sorry, no cheese wiz) and onions. Pretty good. They make it with the Prime rib (I think I have that right) so it is a good cut of meat. It was good, just not the 'traditional' cheese steak.4. Curly Fries- Yum - hard to go wrong with these.5. Belvedere wings - made with their own breading, they were FANTASTIC. Flavorful, not spicy. Very very good.6. Split Pea soup. More of a veggie split pea soup, it was slightly different but very good. And all the food came out HOT, a great sign that it was not sitting there waiting for our server.I'm a fan and this will definitely become one of my local places.Oh- and dinner (we brought home most of the sub) with several rounds of beers was around $45!! Yah!!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,1/7/2012,49,70,7,6,5>I'm a pizza ho. I will travel anywhere for a good slice. And, I will judge you for life based on your margherita pizza.My friend and I went the week of their grand opening. Most of the menu is still unavailable, but they were clear in what your options where.We decided to sit at the pizza bar so we could see the food being made. In it of itself that was a fun spectacle!We ordered the broccoli rabe as a side dish and the potato and margherhita pizza. Again, I judge you based on your margherita and I'm happy to say it did not disappoint.The flavors of the tomato sauce were amazing. My pizza was crispy and light with delicious fresh mozz. The basil was beautifully shredded and complimented the pizza perfectly.The potato pizza was also good. But, once it cooled off not my favorite. The broccoli rabe I enjoyed (I think they forgot my red pepper flakes) but my friend found it bitter. I tasted no bitterness so this may be a matter of perspective.The space is great. The service was on point. I would definitely go back for the margherita.Also, while I did not drink, I found plenty of glasses of wine starting at 7 and 9 -- not 12 as I read earlier.Also, there were lots of solid vegetable side orders. Something I think is hard to come across when dining out.Overall, a good experience. I'll be back.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,1/6/2012,137,104,,9,6>What a find! I never knew this place was here and it's do close to my house. They offer dine in, delivery and carry out. The people are very friendly and attentive. It's like sitting down at your Mom's kitchen table. Glancing over the menu will really make you think your at home! With choices like sweet potato casserole, mashed potatoes, spaghetti and pork chops how can you go wrong. Not in the mood for Southern food? They also have sandwiches, stir fry, pasta and serve breakfast all day. The place is a little hard to find. It's inside another big grey building and down a flight of stairs. The set up is in what looks like an old school cafeteria. It's really more of a place you'd want to get delivery or to go food. We didn't know this and ate there. There was one lady working. She seated us, took our order and also cooked our food. They do make everything fresh when you order it so it's probably a good idea to call in your order if you're picking up. It took over 45 minutes to get blueberry pancakes, a chicken salad sandwich and mashed potatoes. Everything was very good. The potatoes were homemade right while we were there. The chicken salad sandwich was seasoned perfectly and even had bacon on it! I ordered strawberry lemonade that had to have been made fresh in the kitchen! Now here's the best part ... our server brought us a free bowl of fresh fruit because we had to wait so long. Then she REFUSED TO ACCEPT A TIP because of the wait. AND she brought me out a fresh strawberry lemonade in a to go cup! Seriously?? This type of service exists in Baltimore?? Amazing!If you live near here this is the perfect place to order dinner from to pick up on your way home. She has meals to feed families of 4 for $40. You can ever order online from their website. I'm definitely going back to get take out. I'm happy to support such a sweet woman who cooks seriously good food!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,1/5/2012,59,224,3,6,5>My wife said oh no, while I was saying Oh Yah!!! Why, because I love cheese, olives, and high end meats & fish. Oh, lets not forget the bakery too and their traditionally cooked Jewish style bagels. What is a Jewish style bagel you ask...it is a bagel that has been boiled prior to baking. It is that process that gives a real bagel its chewy texture. I love Panera and Einsteins (both with great bottomless coffee), but sometimes I just love a bagel like I used to get when I grew up in New Jersey or when I went to my entry Nursing program in Upstate New York. It was during my first nursing job in Syracuse, NY where I first learned about Wegmans and the endlessly seeming bounty of choices they offer. Cost is the major reason I give them 4 stars!!My wife and I have eaten at the cook to order Wegmans restaurant and we had a mixed experience. I had the cheeseburger, mm that burger was good, not the best, but by far one of the better in the area. My burger was served with a side of fresh steamed and seasoned greenbeans...very yummy!! My wife had the Naan bread pizza and we found that instead of a savory dinner experience, the pizza was too sweet between the highly caramelized onions and balsamic reduction and would have been better as an appetizer instead of a main course. In addition we ordered a side of onion rings. These rings were fried to a crispy crunch with a very tender onion inside, oh they were YUM!!! We had pizza by the slice, and it was really good. It had a nice, not great, crust. We liked it and will get the pizza again when in the area. I would not drive to Wegman's for their pizza, like I would for Fortunato Brothers pizza in Edgewood. We also tried their bountiful food bar ($8.49/lb) and enjoyed a wide variety of foods. What we did not like, was the fried foods sit on a steam table...Okay STEAM and CRUNCH do not work together...as the crust becomes mushy. We noted the same thing with the Honey Dijon Wings, the moist sticky sauce rendered the crispy skin soggy. Now the Old Bay Wings are still crispy, but they needed more Old Bay...not enough bite to them. What I did not like was the Carolina Ribs. They were tender enough, but the flavor was just lacking to me. I have my own smoker and I expect something that is BBQ'd to have flavor and these did not. Their pulled pork on the other hand was quite delicious. Deserts... we've enjoyed two of them several times now. The first: their Bread Puddin with Whiskey sauce... OMG the best I have had outside of New Orleans. I hate cooked raisins, and most bread pudding has them, but Wegman's Bread Puddin is without raisins and it is the BOMB!!!!! (yes I know I spelt Puddin wrong...LOL) The second is the Cannoli Cheese Cake... Oh wow, scrumptious and delightfully sinful. This is a new take on cheese cake which just melts in your mouth, just the right amounts of sweet, savory, and creamy texture all rolled up in one. Both of these deserts are worth driving to Wegmans just to get the deserts!!! Fish: I love fresh, never frozen fish. I also like the fact that the seafood department has knowledgeable staff that can assist you with your needs and give you hints on cooking techniques. The fresh swordfish they had over the last 4 weeks was wonderful. I picked up four 1/2 inch swordfish steaks for pan searing and they were absolutely wonderful. Cheese: At the specialty cheese department you can taste absolutely anything you want that they have. You can taste and compare the multitude of Bries or any other cheese you have your heart set on to try. Just be forwarned...this department is dangerous...I spent close to $100 on cheese in the last month...LOL!!! Pharmacy: good service and a great introduction program. You can get up to $20 in bonus coupons (times 5 or upto $100) to be redeemed within 30 days for transfering or bringing in a new Rx. Or like today, my wife got her Flu shot (24.99), and we received our second $20 coupon).Cost: Yes Wegman's is expensive, but at the same time you are also able to save. I'm a military member and have commissary privileges, and there are things I will only buy there because of cost savings. If you shop their loss-leaders, specials, and for those hard to find anywhere else items you will be fine.The coffee is decent, and you can get refills for 50 cents. They have free WiFi internet in the Cafe.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,1/4/2012,71,270,3,7,6>I love Golden West so much. I'd eat here for every meal if I could. There are so many options, and although it is tex-mex themed, there are plenty of choices that don't fit into that category. I've been coming here for years and used to get breakfast every single time. Even if I had already had breakfast and it was lunch or dinner time. I just love that I can walk in and order a mimosa and one blueberry pancake at any time. I've been branching out recently though. My new fave is the apple, brie, pesto sandwich. This is a great place for vegetarians and vegans but will also please the meat lovers. Don't shy away from the fake meat here if you're into that-- I've had the veggie sausage with breakfast, tofu chorizo on the taco salad, veggie riblet on a bun and it's all been great. As if you won't already be overwhelmed enough with the menu, they have great specials. I recently had some sort of vegan pumpkin coconut curry soup that was awesome. And not a pancake. So I gave myself a pat on the back for that one. When they bring your bill, you get a York peppermint patty. You should put it in your pocket for later though, because Golden West makes a mean banana cupcake.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,1/2/2012,197,320,7,6,6>YO!  This place has it!  There aren't very many spots around this part of town that have a wide array of choices but Bo Brooks Lighthouse Liquors has from bargain basement to top shelf.  Picked myself a 1/2 gallon of the cheapest swill gin I could find and it ran me $9.  Holler at it, Hon!  Don't be judgin' the low brow because my savings  afforded me the luxury of scoring a sixer of Victory Golden Monkey (at 9% abv it's more like Drunkin' Monkey.  KowwhatImean?  Nudge nudge?)The place just opened back in 2/11 so I don't feel like a schmuck for passing it up for a long time.   I'm not a wine guy but it looks like they have a whole bunch of wine.  I'm sure a lot of it is pretty good too.  I just wish it were a bit closer to the man-cave though.  I'm gonna have to learn to carry a cube of Schaefer Light on my bike.  Oh it can be done.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,1/1/2012,19,34,3,6,3>Bill is totally awesome. I hadn't gotten my hair cut since I moved to Bmore last summer. He took me from Bieber-ish, back to my old mohawk'ed self, in short order. This is probably the best hawk I've gotten anywhere. It's cut perfectly and tapered towards the end to prevent mullet-y tail disasters.I got lucky and didn't have to wait (just happened to be an extremely slow day), but it would have been worth it even if I had to. I always feel nervous getting my hair cut by someone new, but I immediately felt comfortable after he started cutting. He's totally chill and our conversation flowed naturally instead of awkwardly.The space is awesome (the swankiest basement space ever with some hot rod photos on the walls) and the location is great (park on the street or at Safeway, stop at Red Canoe after for coffee/muffins after).Can't really beat it for a $16 cut...although I just gave him a $20 because he totally deserved that tip, or even more.Really highly recommended.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2011,12/31/2011,46,133,7,5,6>Real moz and pepper on the pepperoni pizza? West Coast IPA and skate shows on the boobtube? Well my friend, I CERTAINLY THINK WE CAN BE BUDDIES! I've been going here on and off for awhile now and have never had a bad night. There food is delicious, they have a great beer selection, and it's an all around friendly place to kick your feet up and slackjaw it with some folks. Apparently they have Skiball now.....who knew? Guess it had been awhile.~~Secret hint~~Park in the Burger King parking lot and walk a half a block up. No one gives a shit......and...you didn't hear it from me.The List:Adam, Evan, NancySIDENOTE ABOUT MOVIE MONDAYS:Movie night isn't actually movie night anymore. They used to show movies hell or high water but now they really don't even bother with it. They advertise a Monday movie night and post it on facebook, and they might have the movie on one or two of the three tv's, but there is no sound. I even asked if the TV directly in front of me would have the movie on and the bartender said yes, it didn't happen. Juts Orioles even though they used to claim no sports.   Makes me sad, I liked movie night and I even got excited for it. But after the last two failures I don't even care anymore. The Monday bartender is ok, I wonder where Evan, Nancy, or Adam went?
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,12/30/2011,42,42,6,4,4>When it comes to Greek food "it's all Greek to me!" ... ok - that was a really bad play on words. I'm sorry. I know it's beneath me but I just finished eating lunch and I'm in a food coma and my brain is not operating under full strength and my point still stands - I don't know much about authentic Greek food. But I know good food - and Samos is definitely good food!  The Saturday lunch crowd was out in full force despite the early October snow and I can see why. It's clean and cozy and the service is quick and attentive without being too in your face.We ordered the tapanade starter and the char grilled octopus. The tapanade was good, the pita is soft warm with just the right amount of crispness but hands down the best thing was the octopus. Ok I'm just going to say that the gyros, Greek salads and souvlaki platters were all amazing and perfectly cooked and get it out of the way so I can spend the rest of this review drooling over the octopus.IT'S AMAZING, FOR SERIOUS!1. the char was just perfect - made it feel and taste rustic2. the texture was on point! - no rubberiness, just perfectly firm but chew-able tentacles of goodness3. the salad/sauce it was served with brought out all the right flavors and added that extra kick.I want to go back now and just order plate after plate of it. And then order another plate.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,12/29/2011,155,197,1,3,4>We have two cats: Jack, the Pirate, and Boots, the crazy face. Both are rescues who are mama's boys... so to say I'm protective of them is an understatement.Dr. Shook is fantastic. Her vet tech was super sweet, even when Jack decided to pull a windmill and whirl off the table and hide under the chair. All in all, 25 minutes for an annual checkup. Plus, they were able to recommend pet sitters last-minute.Saturday hours? Check. Late hours? Check. Calling when they say they will with test results? Check. This is a place who understands how pets become part of the family and they will cater to you. As other reviewers mentioned, it's not the cheapest vet office in the world, but I think it's worth every penny for the attention to detail.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,12/28/2011,93,214,,6,4>This is a great place for a quality "fast food" burger. Big greasy patty, doughy toasted bun, all the toppings you can come up with (like 5 guys), and yummy house made fries. They make a very tasty burger, but I'm not sure I can say it's the best ever. I guess I have high west coast burger standards (what I like: organic meat, cooked to order, artisan bread, wild mushrooms, and specialty cheeses.) But of all the greasy burger places I've sampled in the area, this place is very very good. Corner Stable was my other fave.The place was packed, and we didn't show up right at noon. It must be a zoo with the weekly lunch crowd! Definitely worth a try if you are craving a good greasy burger.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,12/27/2011,747,595,2,4,4>Having a rare occasion when I'm able to go out for brunch, to celebrate in the wrong place would be a waste of a awesome opportunity . This Sunday, however a visit was paid to WTF ( the Water Front Hotel ), and I can say i was impressed. The decor of WTF is classic early Baltimore, hipster, modernized and  chic. Dark and dimly lit, most of your light is from the windows facing Thames, the tables are spacious and there is indoor and out door seating. Having opted for the in-door seating we were served a few minutes after we sat. Doing some homework, I found that the WTF, has a all you can drink brunch special from 10am until 4pm all for $10. You have a selection, thankfully, of Natty Boh, Mimosas, Bloody Mary's, and Screw Drivers, you must get a entree in order to take advantage, but it is worth the all you can drink. ( I was able to start the drinking first and a little later in my stay, I ordered food )As for the menu and the food, I was delighted with a ton of options, from sandwiches to the  "old school," a delicious breakfast favorite of two egg's any style, bacon, sausage , hash browns and toast. I choose the old school and a boh to start. Once the food came it seemed like it was a little too much, and that's not always a bad thing at all. The egg's, were scrambled, and fluffy and delicious, the bacon was good. It wasn't super crispy but, just right and seemed to be perfectly cooked. My hash browns were formed almost liked mashed potatoes, though they had a excellent flavor they did benefit from some additional pepper. While eating i ordered a Bloody Mary, when it arrived it was almost nearly consumed before I was able to sit on the table. Made of nearly half vodka, a house Bloody Mary mix is used, there is a slight bit of old bay in the mix with mostly horseradish. Not the best I've ever had, but certainly not the worst. After the meal was finished, we we're there for another round of drinks and we we're out. I will say in our whole stay it was almost impossible at times to get the attention of our server. She was running two other large tables and really didn't notice our table of four. So as for the service, when we had it, it was okay and really nothing was bad. I will say though, this made me choose 4 stars over 5, though it was a small thing like always getting refilled on waters or drink rounds ; there was more than 3 times we needed to flag down someone for service after 15 minutes of waiting. I would highly recommend a visit, take a Sunday, one possibly before a game and enjoy a excellent way to start your day!- Brunch from 10am until 4pm- Unlimited Drink for Brunch, 10am until 4pm : Natty Boh, Mimosas, Screw Drivers and Bloody Mary's.- Lunch specials / Dinner special are listed online through their website
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,12/26/2011,92,183,5,5,5>Went last Friday with a friend to sample the beer and the pizza and was not disappointed. Happy Hour prices got us 2 matching beers for $3.50. Tried the White Dog and stuck with it for the evening. It was orangy and light. Delicious. The mugs kept coming with the fabulous attention of all the bar staff. One person was always walking by asking if we needed anything. I tried the spinach pizza and could, if I had a few more beers, let out a loud howl! The spinach was very fresh and with the addition of some bacon....garlic, and parmesan cheese made for a delectable surprise. Crust was delicious and this individual pizza was around $9. It was small but I did have some left over pieces to bring home with me. People were outside sitting at tables with their dogs and it was a very friendly place to hang out. The bar tenders pranced around doing their jobs happily and the customers were also enjoying the evening. Great way to end the week on a Friday afternoon. We will definitely be back with more friends to sample the rest of the menu and of course the extensive beer selection. I'm thinking some mixing next time. Go in for a pure breed and settle for the mutt!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,12/25/2011,5,50,2,19,3>Cross Street is a gem of the Federal Hill neighborhood.  You can buy everything from a cell phone to steamed crabs.  Like many have said, there is a great variety, so take a peek at why lies inside:Baltimore's Best BBQ--Rotisserie chicken and barbequeBig Jim's Deli--Best overstuffed sandwiches in the market Bongiovani & Son, Inc.--Fresh Vegetables and produce Bruce Lee's chicken wingsCross Street Seafood--Fresh fish and crabsDonut Pastries & BakeryFenwick's Choice Meats--Chioce meats, lottery, custom steaksJuice Phoria--Fresh fruit and vegetable juice-bar Kathy's Bakery--Baked fresh on premiseKwon's Fresh Produce--Fresh produce & fruit saladMatsuri's Teppanaki Mondawmin Chicken--Fried chicken & fishNick's Inner Harbor Seafood--seafood market & raw barNunnally Bros. - Choice Meats Since 1875--The oldest continuously family operated Baltimore City Market businessPhoebus Brothers--Cold cuts, cheeses, party platters, sandwichesPiedigrotta Italian Bakery & Pastry Shop--Cakes, breads, Italian pies, pastries, cookies, breakfast and lunchSteve's Lunch--Breakfast, lunch, snacks, UTZ potato chipsThe Chicken Box--Fried chicken, homemade soups and saladsThe Sweet Shop--Candies & ice cream
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/24/2011,31,103,6,6,4>Quality men's haircuts for $16! I always select the barber, Derek (my name twin). I am always grateful when a barber/stylist don't give me a bowl haircut---do people think just because I am Asian American that I want a bowl cut?!I had some younger woman cut my hair once and she made me look like a school boy.Derek always does a good job---the haircut looks good instantly (you don't have to wait a week for your hair to look good). Note, on the weekends, it gets a little busy but definitely worth the wait.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,12/23/2011,39,123,,7,3>Baltimore has become a breeding ground for Tapas - Spanish style restaurant such as Pazo, Kali's Court, Meli, and Mezze to name a few. If you venture away from Harbor East/Fells point you will come across Tapas Teatro, located next to the Charles Theater. Tapas Teatro doesn't have the notoriety as Pazo or Kali's but the food definitely delivers without breaking the bank.The menu at Tapas Teatro seems to be a seasonal, constantly changing the compilation of ingredients in season and whatever is on the chef's mind that month. The menu is broken down into six categories - hot starters, cold starters, cheese & charcuterie, vegetarian mezze, meat mezze, and seafood mezze. There are a lot of options on the menu so be prepared to study the menu before ordering. I finally decided on the serrano ham (a Spanish classic), grilled sardines, and the lamb chops.Let me just start by saying that Spanish ham is the best-cured pork you can eat. In fact, on a recent travel to Spain, Italian chef Mario Batali mentioned how even Italian ham is not as good as Spanish ham. The ham at Tapas Teatro is a bit similar to prosciutto, but has a more spiced, rosemary aroma to it. When you eat it you notice the rich, lusciousness of the pork and is accentuated by the drizzling of Spanish EVOO. I could have eaten three portions of this alone. My second favorite thing I ate was the grilled sardines, which was a portion of three incredibly fresh 6-inch whole sardines. The char from the open fire gave the fish a smoky salty flavor, which was wonderful. Eating the sardines is a bit of work because you have to fiddle to get the meat away from the small bones but the reward is worth it. The last item I ordered was the grilled lamb chops with a rhubarb barbeque sauce. This dish was good, but was probably my least favorite of the evening. The lamb wasn't as tender as lamb chops usually are. I also felt that the glossy bbq sauce was very over powering and tasted too much of ketchup. I would likes to see the lamb possibly prepared with sprigs of rosemary and shavings of raw shallots, maybe with a demiglace - now that sounds good. I also had a chance to sample the gazpacho, which was perfectly refreshing on a humid Baltimore night.The service and attentiveness of the staff was very good. When I dined at Tapas Teatro the restaurant was slammed with theatergoers trying to have a quick bite before their show at the Charles. Despite that, our food came out very quickly and everything was the appropriate temperature. Also, as a part of their ten-year anniversary, Tapas Teatro is offering pitchers of Sangria for $10 for the rest of June.All in all, I always enjoy my dining experience at Tapas Teatro; the food is authentic and unpretentious. Usually I am not a fan of tapas, but Tapas Teatro seems to have a winning formula.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,12/22/2011,125,325,5,10,7>Charleston, you are snooty, but I love you. The wait staff is excellent, the fellow diners are pure snobs. I'll detail my experiences: happy hour "cocktail hour", dinner, dessert.Cocktail hour (or in my case, champagne)- Cocktail hour seems to be a new phenomenon at Charleston. You can get a glass of champagne for $10 or some-kind-of cocktail for $7ish and four complimentary itty bitty oeur d'oeuvres. The champagne is champagne de venoge brut rose. Delicious! Divine! The price per glass is generous. The oeur d'oeuvres were quite tasty- a petit toast with mousse of sorts on top, an espresso cup of cauliflower soup, a salmon spoon, and a few pieces of deep fried zucchini. It was a delightful pair for $10. Maybe it is because cocktail hour is pretty new, but the place was packed and fellow diners were rude when I went to sit at the bar. No knock at the wait staff, whom were sweet and accommodating, just the fellow cocktail hour enthusiasts. It is certainly for an older crowd.Dinner- I decided on a four course with wine pairings. It was essentially a slightly larger portion of tapas. The lobster bisque was divine, but the sherry pairing was a bit rough....ehh I just think sherry tastes like rubbing alcohol. The duck breast was excellent as was the beef tenderloin. One came with a Cabernet Savignon and the other came with some kind of Spanish red wine. The turbot with Chardonnay was an elegant mix. The dessert was okay, but nothing noteworthy. The dessert menu is better than the dessert with the courses.Dessert- Sometimes you just want dessert and coffee. Wandering from Cinghiale for dinner, to the lounge Charleston for dessert is an excellent evening. The desserts are complex pieces of heaven (chocolate bars, panna cotta, the typical swank food) and they come with a plate of miniatures, compliments of the pastry chef. The wait staff doesn't treat you like a cheapskate because you are just there for dessert either, which is common at swanky institutions.I just wrote a novel, but you get the idea. Lovely staff. Pricey, but delicious food. Pompous fellow diners.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,12/21/2011,46,149,2,4,3>This place is your typical, "greasy spoon."  It's small, located in a really short strip mall, and has great food.  The staff are always friendly, the servings are always generous, and the food always tastes great.The only thing that confuses me is that the menu isn't completely Vietnamese.  There are a few other dishes on the menu, but I haven't ventured into those yet.  I come here for Vietnamese food.  But if you have someone in your group that doesn't like Pho, there are plenty of other dishes for them to try.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,12/20/2011,106,460,2,5,5>Just visited this darling little cupcake shop last week. I am a bakery expert because I ran a business for 5 yrs. The owner greeted me very warmly. They have a great variety of fresh made cupcakes with unique flavors like Oreo and French toast. Everything is made from scratch and all the hardworking/ effort shows in their products. I had the chocolate lava cupcake. Chocolate dough filled with fudge and chocolate fudge frosting. To die for!. Will be back soon.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,12/19/2011,131,357,9,7,7>Reunited and it feels so goodReunited 'cause we understoodThere's one perfect fitAnd, sugar, this one is itWe both are so excited'Cause we're reunited, hey, heyI think Peaches & Herb just knows how to say it when it comes to my relationship with Fazzini's. It was our Sunday dinner date when I lived in the apartment. I usually ordered one of two things. Linguini with marinara and Italian sausage or linguini with tomato cream sauce and chicken. I recently returned for a Fazzini's reunion for my pound of homemade pasta with tomato cream sauce and chicken. It was just like I remembered - perfect linguini swimming in the light pink tomato cream sauce and tender chicken breast. Had the bowl of pasta gotten bigger since I was last here? My other love is their bread and salad. The bread is a soft, dense loaf eaten with the olive oil and roasted garlic pieces (the garlic is a new add since my earlier days at Fazzini's). It is the perfect ending to finishing off a bowl of pasta. The salad though basic is fresh but the best part is the dressing. I cannot help but eat the dressing with the bread. I have eaten other dishes which are excellent but my love is the homemade pound of pasta, uncomplicated and perfect. Don't be turned off by the strip mall location, you may have to wait for one of the coveted dozen or so tables when it gets busy.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,12/18/2011,47,129,7,10,10>I'm going to start swinging this pocket watch back and forth very slowly, and as I do, I'm going to tell you about Idle Hour. When I snap my fingers, you will wake up and not remember anything I said.Are you ready?Stepping through the sticker-covered corner door of Idle Hour is like stepping into a portal back to the 1970s where faux-wood paneling reigned supreme and DJs spun wax instead of clicking buttons on their iPod.Some of you might think it's sketchy, and that's ok, you can pass it by. The leather barstools are cracked and worn from use, stuffing popping out the sides. This is a night owl kind of bar, we're talking 11pm onwards.The lights are dim, practically off; the main source of light comes from a strand of red ropelights behind the bar. It's comforting in a weird way. More often than not the bartender becomes your DJ, as the bar is stocked not only with liquor and beer, but also with a vast collection of vinyl. Two turntables and a perfectly made Dark and Stormy.Chartreuse is the claim to fame here: the house drink and the house shot. Have it once just to say you did, have some more if that's your thing. If it's not, there's a great selection of beer, and the mixed drinks are done well.A glorious place to sit alone, listen to music and chat idly with the bartender or fellow patrons. Even better to bring a friend or two and plot and scheme about the future. But by no means tell anyone just how amazing this place is, lest it be overrun by the masses.*snap*
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,12/17/2011,141,69,4,8,6>In Watermelon Sugar is a great local boutique in Hampden, way down on the east end of The Avenue (36th Street).  It is well worth the effort to walk to the end of The Avenue to visit this little shoppe.The window displays are always inventive and welcoming.  Inside, you'll find upscale bath and beauty products (they carry Tokyo Milk perfumes, my personal favorite being the Gin & Rosewater), as well as gift paper, cards, some jewelry, and carefully curated home goods.  They have a unique selection of books on gardening, the home, art, and design.This is a great place to buy a small housewarming gift such as a unique picture frame or some kitchen towels with fun prints on them.  In the winter they also carry a nice assortment of Christmas decor and ornaments.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,12/16/2011,157,175,,3,3>Stopped in here for a late lunch/early dinner last Saturday. The only reason I stopped in was because I had Yelp! Going on my cell phone. I live in Annapolis and really only come up to this shopping plaza to hit up Home Goods. Was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, it was very pretty inside. The bread brought to the table was amazing. We both ordered italian pasta dishes. I had the Whole Wheat Veggie pasta, and my friend had the Angel Hair Sunrise. The sunrise was a little too tomato(y) for my liking, but mine was good. Tons of fresh crisp veggies!They seem to have a nice Soup/Sandwich/Salad combo deal that I'd love to try, and plenty of other things on the menu worth going back for! Glad i found this place!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,12/15/2011,47,174,1,9,2>Really FREAKIN' COOL!! New fancy-pants grocery store. Plus, one of my favorite people from the now-defunct Superfresh got a job here! Her name starts with a "K", I won't put her out there amongst strangers- but she's always cheerful, helpful, and I hope she's promoted!! (I worried about those Supefresh folks and jobs- really happy she got one here!)This place is not for a normal grocery run, though you could do one.This is for fancy gourmet meats, cheeses, groceries, candies, etc. This is like someone took the fancy part of Wegmans, cut it loose from the regular grocery store, and plopped it here.Awesome cheese selection. Cool bulk candies. Lots of neat-o keen gourmet items.  Bulk spices in little baggies, cheaply priced.Good gourmet meats and seafood and such.Only place I've seen canned lingonberries (flavor and texture like a cranberry jelly) outside of Ikea. Bet I scooped up some of that!!This is a fun, destination shopping trip. Great parking, too.Highly recommend! mmmmmm....
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/14/2011,257,225,2,7,5>Nottinghams is a cool bar in a strange location; the bottom floor of an office building in Columbia. Don't let that deter you though, go in and check it out. I came here for the first time with my company for our monthly happy hour. Drinks and appetizers on the boss?! I'm there! I was not disappointed. The drinks were good and the waitress was EXCELLENT with servicing a large crowd of thirsty people. My boyfriend and I had several beverages and never had to wait long for our next one. It's dark, clean, and spacious. There is a small stage in the front, a DJ booth on the side and a professional looking sound system all around. I'm sure music nights the place gets going. Even on a Weds. night it was crowded. People started rolling in after 5pm. There are several pool tables in the back also if that's your game. I will definitely be back here soon to grab some lunch!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,12/12/2011,0,102,3,10,6>I'm happy to announce that i've found my favorite Thai place in Baltimore. I had never heard of this place, and found out that they opened about 2 months ago. Stopped in for a quick lunch and it was quite convenient that the place was only a couple blocks from Penn Station. I decided to go with the Lunch special, and decided to go with the Pad Thai(since this is the best way to judge a new Thai place). While i've had better Pad Thai in other cities, for Baltimore, it's probably the best i've had. It was fresh, perfectly seasoned, and took some time to prepare. I'm glad I came, and will definitely be back soon to try the other dishes. If you like spicy, try the Drunken Noodles, as everyone else there was raving about it. OH, and they serve Fat Tire Ale. It's a great beer from Colorado. Haven't seen it featured in any restaurants outside of SF so this was a nice compliment to my meal.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,12/11/2011,103,142,1,6,3>I can't believe I haven't written a review of Woodberry Kitchen yet.  Probably because it's difficult to expand on what's been said by other reviewers:  This is the best restaurant in Baltimore right now.Beyond just how damn good and fresh the food is, what I love so much about WK is its lack of pretense.  This place is as upscale as they come - and yes, they have the prices to prove it - but you can wear jeans and a t-shirt and not feel out of place.  They let nothing get in the way of the food here, and that's a really splendid thing.So the only thing I really have to add to the chorus is this:Best.  Mint julep.  Ever.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,12/10/2011,60,137,2,9,4>Awesome! Our little one is in his second year here already. He started in Annie's Angels, which is across the street. They break it into three rooms there, based on size and ability. This year, he is in the big house...so to speak.Annie's is great with communication, they send newsletters, let us know what the baby needs if his supplies are running low, if he did anything naughty, etc.They do some crafts, play outside, and have a ton of staff to keep an eye on them. I like the fact that they send us text message pictures almost daily of the kid doing something. When I pick em up, they tell me what he ate, how long he napped, and whatever else I want to know. They even held out spot all summer since my wife is a teacher and is home to watch him. Didn't cost us anything!! I think they are doing away with that soon though. Times are tough.Really like the place.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,12/9/2011,93,199,,9,4>My friend started coming here around January of 2010 because a friend of hers asked her to go with her one day. Then she asked me and I came a few times with her. After a few visits, I started bringing friends with me and then they started bringing others with them. Lifeline has grown so much by word of mouth because the experience you feel during your workout and afterwards is amazing. I work out regularly with weights and cardio at the gym, but I had never tried yoga. I consider myself to be in shape, but I almost died the first time I tried hot yoga. The class is heated and you can't help but sweat the entire time the class is going on. The instructors are clear in their directions so that it is easy to follow if you're a beginner and they come around and help you in your poses if you're struggling. My favorite instructor is Marcus and he has several classes a week that he teaches. They update their schedule online so that you always know who is going to be teaching when you go. Lifeline prices are donation based and they asked that you pay $10 a class, which is the same if not cheaper compared to other yoga studios in the area. You only pay when you go which is great because if you don't end up making it as often as you want, you won't waste any money on a monthly fee like other yoga studios and gyms. The studio also has showers for after your workout and they even offer massages.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,12/8/2011,145,325,4,5,3>Ahh...  Uni Mini... you are practically a Hopkins' institution.I remember when you were a small, grungy convenience store... and all the Hopkins kids would argue whether you or Rofo (that would be Royal Farms) was the better place to go.I remember when they tore down your building (along with Rofo) in order to make a new development (which they still haven't done...) and how that was a dark day in the minds of many Hopkins students.And I remember there was much rejoicing when you reopened a little while later across the street.  You were bigger and cleaner... so you didn't seem quite the old Uni Mini... but you seemed to have grown into your shoes now... which is good because you'll work your way into the hearts of another generation of college students to come :)====Anyways, Uni Mini is open 24 hours.  The prices of their goods tend to be a little on the higher side... but not horribly so.  There's a lot of stuff here from sodas and energy drinks to snacks to medicine to school supplies to even hookahs....And they have good food.  Now, all my friends would rave about the Chicken Parm sandwich.... but I'm a bit biased towards the hummus and falafel sandwich.   Never had the breakfast sandwiches there but I hear they're really good...Just be warned, depending on when you go (especially late at night) you may run into a swarm of drunk college kids....  Though that can be amusing too in its own right.... :P3.5 rounded to a 4.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,12/7/2011,150,543,3,13,9>This is the only sex shop I will spend my money in. The people who work here are fantastic, and the products they sell are also fantastic. Prices are reasonable, and again, the items are quality so they will last you for years. They also offer classes on different topics, which from what I've heard are really awesome.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,12/6/2011,36,95,,6,4>Yelp comes through once again.  Today I was extremely hungry after the gym I typed in healthy and bang Zias comes up.  It's like 2 minutes from my school so yeah I'm a fan.I ordered the cukacooler less than 5 bucks and oo so refreshing.  I watched as the guy was making it and you def get your moneys worth.  Plenty of collards,apples and cucumber in this baby yum.  The lemon def gives it that kick that it needs.  As for my food I ordered the grilled chicken wrap.  It's made up of free range chicken lettuce tomato and a balsamic mayo dressing.  Let me tell you I def tasted the difference in the chicken(compared to wraps you buy in other places)this chicken was tasty and fresh.  Next time I will prob try a diff dressing or none @ all,Im not a huge fan of mayo.  BUt even with the mayo it was good.  After finishing up my juice and half a wrap, I couldn't eat anymore.  I asked the guy to wrap the other half of my wrap and I was on my merry way.  Full and satisfied.  What a great feeling.  The only thing I dislied was that behind the counter it looked a lil messy.  BUt I would expect that they are dealing with fruits and veggies all day that splash and stuff.  I did'nt feel like everything in there was dity trust me I would not be wanting to go back if that was the case.  Theyre tables and bathroom were clean,thats a good sign.Overall def will visit @ least once or twice a month afffter the gym.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,12/5/2011,334,725,7,8,9>I could just imagine waking up off my house boat, washing my face, maybe swooshing some mouth wash around just to be polite and walking up to my front porch overlooking my boat with a white table cloth and a fresh little bouquet of flowers. 0800 is definitely the best time when they first open and the wrap around porch is all mine. I want some eggs to order, scrambled please, or maybe over easy if I'm in a toast dipping mood. I would watch the rest of the boaters slowly moving about down below because their dogs needed a walk, and the older couples who showed up to get a table before the rest of the world woke up and got out of the house. Then my plate and all it's glory would show up with fresh potatoes, a little bowl of fruit, toast and bacon. I would sip on my coffee and slowly enjoy my breakfast. Everything tastes so much better when it looks pretty. Now how do I make this a reality? Oh wait, this is my reality! I just need a house boat. And I think this would get really expensive if I came to eat here every weekend. Or maybe I would get bored of the simple menu? Nah. I like simple. It's hidden away along the water, just keep driving, keep driving. Better check it out while the weather is still nice because they'll close up for the winter.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,12/4/2011,76,88,10,12,7>Before my enlightenment, I mocked. Mocked the wonderment that is Carlson's. How good could a place that sold Thai AND donuts be? I had seen this stunt before: Chinese and donuts, BURRITOS and donuts. All of which I turned my nose up to because of my prejudice. But I remained ignorant until one day I went. My eyes opened and I discovered that this place is consistently amazing! Well, it's not like I can actually comment on much of the menu. What's the point in diversifying when I absolutely can't get enough Drunken Noodles? Grab a donut while you're there. Join us enlightened ones. Seriously. You won't be disappointed. On my first trip there, they gave us 4 of them for free. I haven't been early enough to snag a fresh one in the morning, nor have I seen their full selection, but the standard glazed are fantastic!A word of advice: If you're going to dine in, the service CAN be a bit slow. It's not because of inadequate staff, but rather an inadequate number of staff. Usually they have two or three servers, which is plenty for the tiny dining room they have, but the last time I went there was only one for a nearly full house. However, I won't dock them for it since it's not the norm and the waitress was apologetic about it.  Recap: Carlson's has wonderful Thai AND donuts. It would not be inappropriate for one to sell their soul for either of them.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,12/3/2011,18,133,,6,3>We went here yesterday to complete the Baltimore Museum tour and were certainly not disappointed. It being the anniversary of the Civil War and their "Under Steam" day, there were quite a few things to do.First, the basics. The museum is actually built inside an old railroad depot, which makes the location itself quite an experience. You have the old building, complete with repair shops, rails, etc, to go with the actual locomotives and trains.The trains themselves are, for the most part, very well maintained, with some very interesting historical facts to see, including a post office on rails, which was fascinating, and a WWII troop train showing just how terrible military travel was prior to planes (yes, even modern flights). While I would have wished for greater access (some of the older trains would have been interesting), I understand that you can only do so much with the budget.The special exhibits were very nice. The Civil War exhibit showed quite a bit of the history of Civil War rail service on the B&O lines, including troop transport, materials, and a moving slideshow of the Civil War showing how the territory moved throughout the war. Very fascinating to see what you usually just read about in motion.One thing that was a bit disappointing, but expected, war the steam train ride. Instead of an older set of railcars they used retired MARC train cars (which strangely look and feel exactly like current Amtrak cars without power outlets....sad), so you lost some of the authenticity. The locomotive also did not go full speed, which, I understand, would be tough to do on a mile track and expensive given the price of coal.Overall a very nice museum for families with some interesting exhibits. Combine with the Museum of Industry for a full day of Baltimore history.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,12/2/2011,42,172,3,11,5>Sometimes I just gotta dance.The Get Down has replaced Fletchers? Where the heck have I been?So I'm meeting some fellow yelpers here to get my dance on Saturday night.I enter the place about 11:15 and it's packed, no line outside yet but it was  defiantly bouncing.The first level has an open dance floor a bar area and a table service area.The second level has a few sections to chill, VIP sections/sofas and of course a smaller dance floor. You can see everyone below from the top level while checking out the DJ and his booth. the crowd was mostly young and fun, a good ratio of women to men.Only one popped collar spotted.The bar service is good even though they were busy, they were efficient and friendly. I paid 8 bucks for a Grey goose and cranberry.I didn't get there early enough to use any of the table service but it looked like everyone in Noralyns crew was happy.Now about the music/lights/soundGreatGreatAwesomeI'll be back.Two thumbs up for The Get Down !
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,12/1/2011,51,204,2,3,2>Why would you ever buy cheap-o particle board furniture from Ikea or Wal-Mart? Buy something from Corner Cottage. The owner is absolutely wonderful, and she has connections to all the best local pickers, and then some. Everything I've ever bought from her (yow, I've probably given her several hundred dollars at this point, I think) is high quality, and it's made to last.There are three stories of furniture, fixtures, decorations and so on. She does take credit card (no minimum), and if you want, she can try and find specific items for you. The prices are great, for the most part, and the higher prices are justifiable, in my opinion. She will negotiate somewhat, but for the most part, her prices are firm. All of her prices are reasonable. She regularly has sales and discounts on various items.There's a parking lot next to her building, so it's easy to get in and park, but it's on the busy part of York Road with some of your view blocked on the way out - so it's an adventure leaving. The shop is directly across the street from Andy Nelson's BBQ (also a fantastic place to visit).I don't recall the specific hours, but it's not open on Monday. Call the store for their hours of operation.Key words, in case you're curious about the store's style: antique, shabby chic, country, vintage, picker, crafts, restored
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,11/30/2011,188,675,2,4,5>This place is the BEST place to eat for brunch!!  I took my mom and two aunts here and they loved it too.  I've tried lots of things on their menu, but my favorites are their:**Sweet potato fries- sweet, always super crispy, dusted with coarse salt.  They serve them with a mango ketchup and aioli sauce.**Raspberry white chocolate mini waffles- TO DIE FOR!!!  Fluffy and flavorful, with real raspberries added into the batter, and the white chocolate chips melted throughout, but not overwhelmingly sweet.**Biscuits with honey butter- just good ol' homemade biscuits and the butter brings it to the top!!Their Benne Seed Chicken N Waffles is good, as is their Roland Park omelette (with asparagus, roasted red pepper, artichokes, nd goat cheese), and their Can't Beet This Salad (spinach, red and yellow beets, and cherries with a yummy balsamic vinaigrette).
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,11/29/2011,139,228,3,5,5>I can never get enough of this place! doubledutch is just the cutest boutique with unique apparel, accessories and more. I've found adorable clothing pieces that are eye-catching and constantly get complimented. But for me, this place is a treasure trove of perfect hostess and thank you gifts. I specifically love their Bubble Roome soaps - Lavender Geranium is my favorite! Their lines of bags and wallets are just fun patterns and styles that put a smile on your face. And, the jewelry is cute and quirky at the same time. I get that it's not the cheapest place to buy gifts, but you're probably buying local and everyone and their sisters won't have the same one as you!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,11/28/2011,118,600,6,9,6>I just signed up for a one credit class here and it was worth the money just for the library privileges alone.  Beautiful campus.  Looks and feels like a "real" college unlike it's sistah in Montgomery.  Library gets crowded - it's too small but really nice.  With lots of carrels and tables, all (that I can see) with outlets for laptops.  (Hooray!  Modern times rule!)   I believe it was redone about 2 years ago and it was actually done with form = function.  It's a beautiful place.  HCC has  lots of new and probably a few newly renovated buildings and whoever is in charge of design is hip to the fact that the amount of light let in by floor-to-ceiling windows can do so much to lift one's studious, scholarly spirits!The campus restaurant is gorgeous, spacious and well-designed.  They make a mean club sandwich and even sell sushi.  I repeat - they even sell SUSHI.  As in made on the premises by a sushi chef.  They also have a Starbucks right on campus.  Yes!!  Double yes!!I just started my class so I can't give too much of a critique on the academics but so far it has been excellent.  All of the instructional and administrative staff (e.g. the people who work in the registration office) have been amazingly friendly and competent.  I will do an update on academics once my course has been completed, for those of you who are waiting on the edge of their seats.So far in my life I have been a student at three community colleges (one in Florida, MC and HCC) and three 4 year colleges.   I think HCC might have the nicest facilities of all!(P.S. FYI I actually have managed to earn a degree already, just tuning up my skills here at HCC!)
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,11/27/2011,133,198,3,7,4>I will finally write a review about this place.  It will be hard to keep it short and sweet, but I will do my best.  This is a fantastic Italian Deli. This is the best one in Baltimore, don't believe what you read in the paper. Is it the best I have ever been to, no. (Philly has those).  But it is close and it is a 4.5 star review, not just a 4 star review.  It is small and quaint and most of the time very busy.  I frequent this establishment and I attempt to try something new every time I come here. However, I always get the same thing each time, the Italian. You can really judge a deli's true medal by having their Italian hoagie. I consider myself an aficionado of Italian hoagies and this is the best Italian in Baltimore.  This one is good. I am not a hard roll guy, but this roll is "solid". They use all the correct meats, the spicy cap, mortadella, genoa salami, etc. They are top of the line meats too, Boar's Head. If you think there are better cold cuts out there, you better smack your palate into shape.  The only criticism I have on this hoagie is that they don't use an extra sharp provolone. They use the standard deli cut. The other item I get regularly is the Arincine. One of the best I have had.  The pizza here is also delicious. It is a brick oven style pizza and they use their house made mozzarella.  The cured meats are good and their pasta salads are freakin' amazing! They have house baked Italian bread that you can snag by the loaf.  They are ever changing as well. What is little Italy????  This is where you go for homemade Italian in Baltimore. Cibo Buono!!!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,11/26/2011,31,213,7,24,8>Well, first let me warn you that I am a regular at Maryland Renaissance Festival (MDRF). That means I'm there at least half the season, I'm usually dressed up, and I'm hanging out in the "regulars" areas. I've been going to the Maryland festival since I was a little child and grown alongside it.That does not mean I'm biased, because I have no problem telling the truth...Pro's -This is one of the best festivals in the country. It has constantly shown up in top 10 lists, recommended events, etc. For people who have never been to a Renaissance Festival, MDRF is one of the best to start with.~Entertainment~: MDRF has hosted some of the best musicians you'll ever find. Some are local, calling Maryland their home; others are visiting from across the U.S., Canada, or even Europe. There is music for everyone, from classic hammered dulcimer to bawdy troubadours. In addition to music you'll find great actors, comedians, and daredevils. Adults and children alike will find something entertaining to watch or listen to.~Crafts~: Originally starting as a themed craft festival of sorts, MDRF has amazing crafts of every type. You'll find all the standards like clothing, jewelry, pottery, glass, leather, and wooden goods. For children you'll find carved wooden swords and shields, wizard hats, and other knick-knacks. Other interesting spots include a honey shop, prints, crystals, puppets,decorative swords, and tapestries.~Food & Drink~: Sure, most of is frozen foods from Schwan's, but honestly the prices are pretty decent and still tasty. Despite what some people have said there actually is a wide variety, including fish, pork, chicken, beef, vegetarian, breakfast, soups, etc. For drinks most people end up getting soda or bottled water and the pricing is fair. Alcohol has a number of choices, but I always stick with Angry Orchard hard cider, which is tasty and does the job.Con's -Ok, now on to some of the problems. This is an outdoor festival where you deal with a lot of people, and thus you're likely to encounter some problems.~Traffic & Parking~: The festival is located in a rural area off a two-lane road. That means traffic can get backed up as there are no lights for people turning left into or out of the festival. Local police have helped a bit directing traffic, but the back-ups can get horrible. Many regulars don't even get in cars at the end, as they'll only waste gas in 20 minute lines. Sundays are horrible for those coming to fair since they built a mega-church across the street, meaning police have to direct traffic for both places. In addition, if you come well after opening (which is at 10 a.m.) on a beautiful day, you may have to walk pretty far as you're stuck parking in "no man's land". Remember this if you think coming after church on a nice Sunday afternoon sounds good.~Cost~: Certainly this festival is less expensive than other places, but that doesn't mean its cheap. You can expect to pay up to $22/person just to get in the place. Food is going to cost you at least $20/person minimum; if you drink alcohol add more. I know that I can spend $35-$40 a day on food and drink alone. Crafts are going to be the most costly, especially since most is hand-made. Expect normal craft festival prices for many things but other stuff is going to hit your pocket book. Full costuming? Expect a minimum of $200 and probably upwards of $500. Those fancy decorative swords? You're talking $100+. Children's wooden swords? Expect to drop $25-$30 for the cheap stuff, $200+ for the expensive weapons.~Weird People~: I'm not going to say everyone is the same (most, regulars or not, are good people). However, two types can ruin the fun for others. First, the super-dorks. These people don't just come to fair, they LIVE at fair. They have no social skills whatsoever and a completely delusional self-image. Obese women (and some men) wearing inappropriate clothing, stuck-up dorks looking down on the "mundanes", and weirdos that make families cringe. I'm all for being weird, but there is a line that should not be crossed. Second, the drunks. These people come to fair just to get plastered and usually end up causing problems. Inevitably, these alcoholics end up causing a fight and getting kicked out. Your best bet to avoid both types? Avoid several of the bars throughout the fair, especially the Dragon Inn (super-dorks) and O'Shucks (drunks). Personally, if you're coming for family fun you shouldn't be in the bar anyway. :PThere you have it from an insider. Maryland Renaissance Festival is one of the best in the country and I've practically grown up there. The entertainment is the best, the crafts are amazing, and the food and drink are decent. However the traffic and parking can be a nightmare, the place can be expensive, and you should avoid some of the bars because of the people.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,11/25/2011,32,169,4,5,3>I just LOVE this place. They carry essential Asian staple foods and cookware. The first time I ever came here, probably in 2001 or 2002, it was much smaller (I bought my first ever rice cooker from the store at this time! $20 and still works like a champ!). They've since redesigned the layout of the store. It's much larger and has a larger refrigerated and frozen section. They have very good prices and I love being able to buy my kimchi and other basics without having to trek out to H-Mart. The people who work here are always very nice... they always seem so delighted with my purchases. I always get an enthusiastic "YOU (aka. non-Asian) like to eat this!?" or they will inquire what I am planning to cook with my purchases, or make recommendations, etc. which is always nice.I do wish they had a larger produce section here, but it's so small I guess that would be a stretch.They DO accept credit here, although there's a $10 minimum.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,11/24/2011,74,176,2,4,3>As my first time venturing in to Indian Food! I was terrified, seriously. I had a flash forward or Ben Stiller and Jenifer Aniston in Along came polly. But I had Indian food pro... that walked me through the menu.So that being said. I am super excited about my experience. The staff was great and super friendlyThe food, while I have nothing to compare Indian food to.. since I've never had it before. It was flavorful and bright... and spicy. I loved it. You can tell everything is fresh and they care about the quality that they put out. I will return and fyi my indian food guide... says this is the place to go food indian food in columbia.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,11/23/2011,79,211,2,3,3>Ahhhh! Good old Paper Moon! One of my favorite places for dinner/breakfast/lunch/late night in Baltimore. The food is good, the decor is quirky and the staff isn't overly nice but is extremely efficient. What I've had to eat the Paper Moon? - Bacon Milkshake (gross), Divine's Melt (awesome), Biscuits and Gravy (pretty close to authentically southern), French Toast (yum), among other tasty dishes. Would I go back? Of course! I have been there several times and frequently make the trip from Columbia to the Papermoon just for some good food!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,11/22/2011,50,112,2,6,6>Sweet Elizabeth Jane is an adorable store on Main Street in the old Caplan's department store in historic Ellicott City. This is an awesome place to pick up gifts for the ladies in your life; or if you're anything like me, bags full of things for yourself. You know, things you never knew existed that you now can't live without. They have lovely furniture, bedding, upscale / retro kitchen decor and supplies, jewelry, home decor, vintage finds... tons of lovely goodies that are beautifully laid out. It's one of those stores that is a pleasure to visit with out of town guests. I love their funky Pick Up Sticks jewelry & their Lollia soaps and candles - the bottles,  boxes and wrappers on their products are gorgeous; they make great gifts! You can put together some really special gift sets here without running to a bunch of different places... one of their stylish aprons & a chic dishsoap tied up with a pretty ribbon in an enamel pail with one of their wooden bowl scrapers would make a fab hostess gift for a friend who is (or wants to be) a domestic goddess. Their window displays make me want to move in - they change frequently and are like retro-themed time capsules. Love, love, love! They even saved my feet this Friday with their fabulous sales! I was tottering down Main St in my heels after work, and picked up a pair of super cute beaded red flip flops for only $15. When on-street parking isn't an option and you know you have to hoof it in high heels all the way back up the hill to your car, it is money well spent!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,11/21/2011,14,40,7,10,7>I'm giving this new vegan place 5 stars because it rules.  It's like the Yabba Pot but way better.  Vegan Soul food with some of the nicest, most attentive service in Baltimore.  I had the GLUTEN FREEEEEEE (what?! what?!  who has gf fake meat?  no one.  so I never eat it.) curry chick-un, rice and beans, candied yams and black bean soup for 8.99.  The owner pointed out every single thing on the menu that was gluten free without any hesistation.  I felt completely comfortable eating everything there.  My husband also had the curry with the vegan mac and cheese and smoked collards.  I was so impressed.  We will definitely be back and soon.  I want to try the gf ribs and every other thing on the menu.  Can I get a hell yeah for awesome vegan food in Smalltimore?!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,11/20/2011,48,32,,9,5>Ok, look, start at the review I did before and then read this thing. The team at Alewife is fun, unpretentious and really always aims to bring their best. Consistently becoming more and more busy, even without the crowd from the Hippodrome, it is proving to be the place to be on the west side of downtown.The menu has evolved a lot, with lots of changes coming for spring, and the beer selection is always wonderful. They'll pour a mean serving of Absinthe too.A hidden gem I just had last night on the menu was the Fennel Frites. Think tastier onion rings with a really tasty aioli. And they still make the best cream of crab soup ever.The mug club has heated up, with some of us just waiting on some Cantillon to show up to complete the quest. Why these guys will only brew 21 days a year makes me sad.Make friends with the staff, they are all great people and are really part of  why the place is becoming such a success. It really is nice to see them putting Erik Maza in his place after his craptacular antics on the Midnight Sun Blog. Expect them to be around for a while.Pro-Tip: Make sure you know the Hippodrome schedule and call ahead for reservations. During the pre-show rush the bar area only gets a limited menu, so you'll need a table if you want all the goodness.Pro-Tip #2: If you are there on a busy night and need help navigating the beer menu, look for one of the beer geek regulars. We all love to talk about beers and are more than willing to take some burden off the bartenders (this gets everyone served faster because they don't have to walk you through the menu).
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,11/19/2011,60,128,,5,2>Excellent variety of small plate dishes.  Very nice progression as you move down their list of tasty plates.  Beet salad was light and satisfying.  Smoked salmon with cream cheese fritters was a nice combo without being too heavy.  Highlights are definitely the pork belly  - super moist and tender - and the kobe beef w/ 6-min egg - both were cooked perfectly - the egg just a little runny,  and the steak almost melted in your mouth! Delicious.  Great sized dishes so you can sample a few things with your friends.  Our table was so content with the meal we almost passed on dessert - but the chef insisted and sent the flourless chocolate cake and the apple cake with caramel sauce over - sampling both was like taking little bites of heaven - even on a stuffed stomach.  Can't wait to go back soon to see what's new on the menu.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/18/2011,21,54,,8,3>**Recently UPDATED***(Aug 2010) It's a spa summer for me. Rather than going on another vacation (just got back from Denver & Atlantic City) I'm experiencing the spas around my home! A friend of mine belongs to Massage Envy - (Note: they assertively push a monthly membership when you go there but it's worth it!)  And that's the only negative thing I can say about this hidden jewel across from the COSTCO and near the Trader Joe'sThere's an introductory massage special on the interwebs and it's well worth it. Get that and try it out - but they will try and sell the year membership at a reduced cost and you can skip months and double up. More on this later. The quiet room is LOVELY! Unlike Lynn's Day Spa it's dark, small, & quiet. Though the new chairs they got are hard, they don't go up high enough in the back to support your neck  they're pretty but I could only wish for footstools...I'm not fully relaxed unless my feet are up (teachers need that - year round!) Flickering faux candles add to the relaxation and by the time I was quietly greeted (only a few min) I was ready! Outside the quiet room is a counter with a cooling dispenser of ice water & cups to refresh as you wait and relax or on your way out.The couples therapy room which I was escorted to for my first time was large and lush. The massage I got from Wendy was firm but she listened when I asked for a softer touch (ok, I'm a wimp!) and it was delightfully extensive. I always have a hard time letting my mind go during spa treatments...I think of the next blog posting, webinar, or conference call and it's only about halfway through that I start to "let go" Wendy sensed this and in no time I was trusting her and enjoying one of the best massages I've ever had anywhere in the world. Should I have paid the membership fee and then a monthly charge for a massage? There's no way out if you do...if you decide you don't want to be a member you need to move away  or get a doctors note saying a massage would be bad for you (AS IF!) So...I didn't commit myself for a whole year...but I'm going back tomorrow for a hot stone massage with Wendy ($98)  I may have more to add after that. UPDATE: The hot stone massage was great! I bought a 3 month membership - yeah, I have (retail) commitment issues-  But I really think I'm gonna go for the year membership. Massage Envy is just that special. I also tried another therapist. She put a heated pad on my neck as she worked on my legs and then on my lower back as she did my arms & shoulders. Mmm lovely! She had a really sweet light voice that didn't intrude and knew when to talk and respected my silence when I started zoning out. PLUS: she gave me great exercise tips for my aching wrists and arms. Yeah, I type a lot. Umm better stop now or I'll need another massage!2nd UPDATE: (5/11/12) Ok...I DID end up joining for a year & I'm really happy about it!!!!  I do like how you can "bank" months so if I can't get to it one month I can go twice the next!!  (or bank them more during the school year then go every other week in the summer!) Since I joined I've traveled a lot & paid $200 an hour at swanky spas and really - Massage Envy is just as good if not better!3rd UPDATE: (4/18/13) I am still in love with Massage Envy - Elkridge (it's really Columbia) I had so many massages banked up because I travel so much that I worked with the lovely (and my neighbor!) Cerise Diaz-Pender the Assistant Clinic Administrator to schedule appointments for me. I simply emailed her my available dates and ranges of times and she scoured the books and lined up the appointments and promptly emailed me back. I feel spoiled!No longer a prude! I have started seeing some male therapists and have been very pleased!  (I was always a little prudish about this -never seeing male therapists or doctors -  but the guys who work there are so professional, the draping is modest, and they are really great - give a guy a try!) Because this branch is so popular, be open to the idea of male or female - honestly, with this Massage Envy - you can't go wrong!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,11/17/2011,201,373,,4,3>It is obvious that the ownership and staff really care about their customers. The service I have received here has been exemplary. I am a craft brewery fan and like that I can order one beer, sit in on a meeting and mix and match a few more to bring home. They are probably a little more expensive, but I am willing to pay a little more for the over-the-top service. Props to them. You probably won't be there for more than two hours, but the landlord is really strict about enforcing the two hour parking rule.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,11/16/2011,14,62,5,6,5>I went into Pub Dog with a bit of an attitude.  The gimmick was a bit too cutesy for me.  Twelve beers of which ten were called [SOMETHING] Dog and pizzas named Pupperoni, Dog Pound and things like that.  But what can I say, the beer is good.  The Blond Dog is as light and refreshing as advertised.  Nothing that seems special but it sure goes down nice and easy after a good aikido class, which I take right around the corner.  The White Dog tries to be something of a wheat beer, but it is mostly forgettable.  The Amber Dog has a nice golden color, not much of an aroma, though a fairly good taste but with a bit of an acidic aftertaste.  There are three fruit beers on the menu (a couple more in bottles are discussed at the end).  The Peach Dog has an excellent aroma and a taste that matches it.  This is the best of the three fruit beer drafts.  The Blueberry Dog, however, has an aftertaste far too sharp and tart to justify its mediocre flavor.  The Raspberry Dog had some stiff competition going in, my being a fan of Abita's Purple Haze raspberry wheat and also having left St. Louis with the taste of Schlafly's excellent raspberry wheat still fresh in my mind.  How does the Raspberry Dog stack up?  Well, it is not as good as either Abita or Schlafly, but not bad.  A tad, but just a tad, too sweet (but not enough to disqualify it from being ordered again), its taste is nice though its aroma is better.The Hoppy Dog is an above-average IPA, hoppier than most IPAs with a smooth finish.  The Imperial Dog, though, is a double-hopped IPA and is a bit too much for me.  As the Hoppy Dog has a good amount of hops, doubling it does not mean making it twice as good.  The Thirsty Ale (the only beer other than the seasonal not named as some type of dog) is a typical English style ale.  Nothing noteworthy there.The Brown Dog may be the biggest surprise here.  Typically not a fan of brown ales, I can take them or leave them, but  this one is exceptional.  It has a very smooth, subtle taste that is far lighter than I would have expected.  This one is a winner.  The Black Dog is only average.  No fan of Guinness is gonna be happy with this.That rounds out the regular drafts.  The seasonal at the time is an Oktoberfest.  It was kind of generic.  I have had beers like this more times than I can count and really cannot differentiate them.  Pub Dog bottles a number of beers in large bottles.  Most are the same as those on draft, though there are a couple of new ones.  The Very Cherry Ale pours a nice color with a good head but is way too sweet.  It actually took some effort to get this one down and I shall not be returning to it anytime soon.  Unfortunately, the overly sweet cherry taste also does in the Wild Cherry Porter, also in a bottle.  Despite being a porter fan, this one is so overwhelmed by the cherry that the porter gets lost in the background.Oh, and the pizza is pretty good, too.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,11/15/2011,10,42,3,6,4>I look forward to stopping here when I fly out of the Southwest wing.  I've eaten here around 25-30 times.  Price to quality ratio is about equal.  You do pay more, but I also think you're getting better ingredients and quality.  My experience with the servers have been positive.  They are often moving very fast but still take time to be courteous to patrons.  It's an airport folks :)  Healthy eating tips:-Looks for the heart icons on the menu.  Nutritional content is also listed.-(Breakfast) Order the low cal. omlettes that use eggbeaters.  They're great and I've often had them customize them as desired.-(Breakfast) The oatmeal always hits the spot and is served with brown sugar.-(Dinner)  Mango Vegetarian Stir Fry. Tips for getting in and out quickly:-I leave myself a minimum of 25 minutes for Breakfast and longer for dinner.-Sit on a bar-stool at the bar or by the serving area in the back.  In the back, you're in direct view of all of the staff.  This makes it very easy to attract the staff attention when needed.-To order quickly, have the your order ready when the server comes back with your drink.  Better yet, order when you sit down :)-Ask for the check when you receive the food. -I've also noticed that they have a monitoring system which appears to traffic light the orders for each tabletop.  Other Notes:-I believe you can order for pick-up from the front.  -The music plays the same loop over and over.  My only request to the Silver Diner is to change the loop around or use something like XM that they can play oldies.  I don't know how the servers handle it, I'm sure they are good at ignoring it.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,11/14/2011,332,181,4,5,4>Went yesterday to watch a few games with a church group. Yes, us churchgoers can enter a bar without promptly bursting into flames! Was pleasantly surprised at the fun, yet grown and sexy atmosphere. Very cute guys in the late 30's and up range. GT was packed with pals sporting their favorites team's paraphernalia. It was party time, indeed. The waitresses were busy but were friendly and engaging. They checked on us several times, bought me lemon specially requested for my water and exhibited a personable, professional  attitude. Me likey! Definitely will be back to grab a table and chair (more than enough available, even with the crowd) for some gametime enjoyment.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,11/13/2011,89,571,,3,2>This was our second visit here. We tried it when it opened and as it takes months for restaurants to find their course, we did not review on first visit.   It's unfortunate that the Chop House is on the second floor, but after a short cardio hike, I was ready for some recklace abandon. He had the wedge salad which was huge and gengerous with cheese. They get a good price for everything, but in most cases you don't feel cheated. The beef wellington, was perfectly cooked and prepared authentically. We love seeing this nearly extinct dish on any menu. Finding beef wellington done properly is about as hard as finding it at all.     My blackened rib eye was also wonderful, as much of the meat is PRIME, it probably was not the best preparation for the cut, but I enjoyed it. I added the diver scallops side for $9.99 but it only got me two scallops. Our pricey broccoli, was ginormous and cooked perfectly. I am still eating broccoli three days later.    Service was good and while the coordinated service is nice, it seems to just slow things down. Too often our food or drinks sat on a stand waiting for another server to make the grand entrance.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,11/12/2011,103,88,1,5,5>This is one of the more solid restaurants in the Canton Square area. Been here twice, once with family and once for a date and both experiences were good. The worst thing I can say about this place is it's packed most of the time but I guess that's a good sign if that many people want to be there. As far as the food goes, I've had the crab dip, potato skins, shrimp salad sandwich and the shrimp with crab imperial and all of these were excellent. The shrimp salad was noticeably better than most other places I've had it which is kind of notable since there's only so much you can do with it. The bar area on the first floor seems to be popular with the younger people in the area and it's usually packed beyond capacity. They also have an outdoor seating area which is nice to sit and have a meal, especially in the Canton Square area. Definitely a restaurant I'll return to in the future.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,11/11/2011,89,250,2,4,2>Coming from NYC, it's hard to find a sushi spot that fits the bill for us.  And boy was I glad to find this place.  I gave up eating sushi in Maryland since moving here a few years ago until we stumbled on Minato.The best time to come is during happy hour for the 1/2 off specialty rolls.  The fish is fresh and the they have many combinations to suit your taste.Try their happy hour drinks as well :)  Fantastic and clean!  Bring your date, bring your family, or just go by yourself!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,11/10/2011,47,142,5,6,4>Watching carbs sucks, especially when you open the doors of Stone Mill and enter carb paradise.You are totally done at breakfast: Chug a tasty xl boutique coffee, and pretend it compensates for the temptation to load up on the made from scratch spread of bagels, sticky buns, and croissants. Lunch at Stone Mill is jammed with entitled housewives taking a break from bankrolling neighboring super convenient boutiques and polishing their gossip skills. They don't sweat the agony of finding a lunchtime parking spot at Greenspring Station when valet parking is at their fingertips. They don't sweat much in general.You can graze on an ok $14 cobb salad, sucker, and drool over your dining partner's cheese crusted ciabatta sandwich with homemade chips. The whole wheat bread bomb is the better half of the sweet sandwich with fresh veggies enclosing the gourmet homemade assortment of lunch meats or salads. Minus a star for no table service.Screw the carbs, and grab the giant cookie you know you want.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,11/9/2011,100,7,2,3,3>I *love* this hotel!  I've traveled a lot, and I was shocked to find a hotel of this caliber at this rate in Baltimore.  After taking three separate trips,  I continue to be impressed with the level of service, attention to detail, and high style of all aspects of the guest experience. On my most recent (impromptu) visit, we showed up after 11pm and managed to negotiate a fantastic rate of $199 for one of their penthouse suites since, clearly, we were the last ones arriving that night.  Oh, and I almost forgot to mention B&O, the on-site restaurant.  Baltimore hasn't quite undergone the cocktail renaissance that's been trendy in the last few years, so I was happy to see a drink menu with lots of traditional, pre-Prohibition style cocktails.  The B&O Manhattan and the Pear Sidecar are complex, don't miss drinks if you're into throwback mixology. Kimpton has outdone itself with this location!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,11/8/2011,61,215,2,4,4>Have you seen Langermann's? It's in the row of restaurants just west of the Safeway shopping center in Canton, on Boston Street. It has clean decor with lots of hardwood and dark, strong accented furniture. High ceilings, a large bar, and lots of space for tables makes it feel like a brand new pub that hasn't gotten broken in or dirty yet.This is our second time visiting, and while we do have to disclose that we have a friend that works as a bartender here, we did not adjust any opinions (or receive adjusted prices) because of it.Our first visit, I thoroughly enjoyed the Charleston Shrimp and Grits and D had a burger. The shrimp and grits were served with a fantastic clam broth and very nicely balanced amount of andouille, onions, and fresh tomatoes. The burger was good, but not the best we've had in the city. My food was good enough, however, that I really looked forward to coming back, and this Tuesday we stopped in for a quick dinner.His plate: Herb Roasted Chicken, stewed green beans, mashed potatoes, pan jusHer plate: Crispy Sea Bass, wild mushroom and fingerling potato ragout, creamed cornD's chicken was a little on the dry side, and the flavor of the fresh herbs didn't come through enough for his liking - it was just a little underseasoned. The stewed green beans would've been better left a little less cooked, as the freshness seemed to be cooked out of them. The mashed potatoes were a little gluey - indicating that they may have been stirred just a few too many times. Overall, not a great dish, but nothing egregiously bad.The sea bass was fantastic - one of the best dishes I've had in a long time. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the fresh flavor really came through. The mushrooms were very nicely seasoned and mixed with the corn in a really lovely way - a great balance of creamy and earthy flavors. The potatoes weren't great, though - they tasted a little too earthy.We'll definitely be back, mainly to visit our friend but also for more grits. It's nice to have a place where you know that the fish is going to be great, and the service is reliably quick.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,11/7/2011,40,52,1,3,2>I saw this place on Man vs. Food, which I don't watch on a regular basis. But it looked pretty tasty and was close, so I stopped by with a couple of friends.Oh my god!I'm from the south, so I've had a LOT of pulled pork. This rivaled the best I'd had before, and it was from Baltimore! It was tender, flavorful, tangy, and JUICY. Amazing. Tried their signature pit beef, and it was okay. I'm not a fan of pit beef though, so I won't deduct from my rating for it. My friends fell in love with their pit beef sandwiches, though, so I'll take their word on it's deliciousness.Seriously, this place is a MUST. Best pulled pork north of the Carolina's!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,11/6/2011,125,176,2,3,3>Yo this place is legit. AYCE indian food for $8 at lunch?! How can you beat that deal? And the food is the best indian food i've ever had. Ok so i haven't had that many chances to eat indian food but this was damn good. Chicken was moist and flavorful, rice was good, soups were good, and nothing made me sick yay! The inside is pretty colorful and there are bright pillows and comfy sofas. This is a good lunch option since its located by Lexington market and its a few min walk from school .
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,11/5/2011,76,346,,6,4>We were originally intending to hit Noodles Corner but saw this through the trees while driving down 175.  After winding through an office park and hotel parking lot, we found it.Stanford Grill is gorgeous inside, and if you can get a seat by the fire, do.  We were sort of stuck away from it a bit; they seemed to be segregating families with kids (us) away from those without (by the fire).  I do not begrudge them this in the least.I ordered the French Dip, which was pretty much the best one I've ever had.  The waitress recommended to add pepper jack, which turned out to be a Very Good Idea.  The meat was cooked medium-rare (how many places ask you how you want your French Dip cooked? Not enough!) and the jus it came with was beefy but not salty - perfect.  My wife had the pulled pork sandwich - delicious.  The pork was smoky and tender, and the barbecue sauce it's stirred with is great.  The kids got the rotisserie chicken, which was good but needed more time on the rotisserie to crisp the skin.  We were there very early, so I am guessing that's why.They also make killer shoestring-type fries.At some point soon they are adding Sunday brunch, with live jazz, which could be a lot of fun.All in all, a happy experience!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,11/4/2011,74,28,8,8,5>Camille you are really a genius. You never cease to amaze me! How is it that you've lived walking distance of Belvedere Square for the past 4 years and you've yet to step stiletto into Grand Cru?!?!Preposterous!It's right across the street from one of your favorite restaurants (Crush- American dining in a trendy atmosphere); AND a few feet away from Zen West- a staple for all things tequila. AND TCBY just opened up only a few feet from Egyptian pizza (you know we have a proclivity to all things sweet). You're killing me here!Nonetheless, I appreciate the oak aged tempranillo/merlot. You havent made me feel this way in months. Not to mention the fact that you were able to acquire a tasty panini from the adjoining shop to devour with our vino... Ahhhhhh, heaven.Regardless of your stupidity, we've grown to form an irreplaceable bond and I appreciate your tasty contributions day in and day out- You're alright by me! Don't let anybody tell you otherwiseLove, (p.s. please take something for your indigestion).... Your Stomach
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,11/3/2011,34,300,1,8,4>I read about this place in a Wall Street Journal article on gas station taquerias and was intrigued... and skeptical. But the other Yelpers are right -- this place is the real deal.Right now, you're probably expecting me to say how good the tacos were... instead, I'm going to tell about the awesome chile relleno. I don't think it's on the regular menu, but when I asked the girl at the register what else they had, this piqued my interest. It wasn't stuffed with the typical Monterey Jack, it used real Mexican queso; it was also smothered in a flavorful tomato sauce. Served with rice and beans, the relleno was a bargain at $8.Don't get me wrong though, the tacos are great! Heck, I didn't even like corn tortillas until I had these tacos. We got two each of the carne asada, el pastor (pork), and lingua (tongue). They were all delicious! They are simply dressed -- a bit of onion and cilantro -- so the meat flavors really stand out. I'm looking forward to trying the other offerings on our next visit.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,11/2/2011,41,92,2,10,8>You know something's really good when it's still good as cold leftovers.When you're facing a plate of Cap'n Crunch French Toast, you can't help but grin from ear to ear.  With three slices of wonderfully crispy French toast, surrounded on all sides with whipped cream, banana slices, and berries, it's like a breakfast mountain topped with cinnamon sugar snow.  Add to that, a generous drizzle of syrup and it's the dream breakfast of my inner 5-year old.I have to say I'm impressed with how this place colors outside the lines.  Another special they had was French toast, only it was made out of slices of their cinnamon roll.  I wished I had brought someone along so I could force them to order it and give me a bite.  :DBut being there alone, one order of the Cap'n Crunch French Toast was more than enough.  I ate and ate until I felt like I was going to be sick from all the sugar... and then I got the rest to go~I went on a weekday and didn't have to wait at all.  Service was super friendly, and I liked the laid back atmosphere that is so common to the trendy places in Baltimore.  It isn't a particularly large dining area so I'd say this place is better suited for smaller groups.  Oh and especially in the winter, be sure that you close the door tightly as you enter and leave!  The winter wind has a knack for blowing it open.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,11/1/2011,80,198,7,11,5>I've been to Royal Taj about 5-6 times now and I figured it was time to write a review. I've been to about 10 or so Indian Places in the Baltimore/DC area and Royal Taj has been the best. I have been here for both Dinner and their lunch buffets, I am going to focus more on the buffets, but there dinner food is KILLER! even better than the buffet. Staff: The staff is super nice and they come by take plates when you are done and fill water glasses so often that your glass is never half empty! Also, the owner is always walking around making sure everything ok, each and every time I have been he has personally stopped by and asked how is everything, even when the place is packed he takes time out to do this, Def. 5 stars for the service. Food: Oh man, the food. The food is great! the buffet and dinner food are both killer. All the chicken dishes are cooked to perfection, the sauce and chicken are both very flavorful and fresh. You never feel that you are eating hours old food. One of the best things about Royal Taj is that they dont use as much oil and grease as the other Indian places. I hate when you walk up to a buffet container and you can see your self through the inch layer of oil that is sitting on top of the food! (Huge pet peeve of mine) and Royal Taj has NONE of that... food is fresh, less oily and super flavorful. The only reason I am some times hesitant about going here is the price. There prices are on the high side, but I am ok with paying for it since I know each and every time the food and service are perfect! Highly recommend if you want great great Indian food! a must visit if you have never tried Indian food and are looking for a good place to try! A heads up for everyone: If you  are going during the weekday lunch buffet, GET THERE EARLY... there is useally a line out the door by 12:15. Masala Chai anyone! See you at the buffet...
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,10/31/2011,113,66,4,5,4>Ohmagawd, Baltimore. Why didn't you tell me about Clementine?Maybe it's the fact that I'm a midtown snob, but I have never ventured up into Hamilton for food - which my friends tell me makes me the worst foodie in the whole city.I would agree, because Clementine was incredible. Mostly I was hungover when I went their for brunch, so I was hooked when they brought out really strong Zeke's coffee. It hit the spot. And they were great about refills. Much appreciated.I got the breakfast scramble which was scrambley and cheesy and baconey. And their hotsauces were home made and good.I think everyone I was with was pretty content with their food.And there was a charcuterie! That's not even a word! Just noises. But very cool.In conclusion: Awesome.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,10/30/2011,21,133,3,3,3>Absolutely hand's down the best record store I've ever been to.They have a phenomenal selection and their prices cannot be beat.  If you were to go in today for example to pick up the new Beirut album that came out this week, you'll find the cd version of it on sale for $9.99.  In about three weeks probably, it'll go up to the normal price of probably $12.99.  You just can't beat that.They have an extensive used collection as well, of both movies and music, and the staff on the whole are very friendly.If I lived in DC, I would make a monthly drive to Soundgarden rather than pay the outrageous prices at places like Melody Records in Dupont Circle, it's THAT good of a record shop!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,10/29/2011,134,352,3,5,5>I'm sitting at my desk, drinking a cup of fresh-brewed Yrgacheffe coffee, ground right into a cone filter and brewed as one individual cup, just for me. Bean Hollow's in-store roasting lets me take home coffee so fresh and vibrant, it's hard to go back to prepackaged beans, no matter how good the brand. The only way you're going to get fresher is to roast the beans yourself, and even though the house roast is on the dark side, there's plenty of character to shine through. Treat them right, and the Hollow's eponymous beans will reward you with a kick-ass cup o' joe.So, while I've raved about their location and fresh food before, this time I'm putting it out there that one of the best things about BH is that you get to take home some to enjoy later.UPDATE/EDIT: Apparently, some were reading this as Bean Hollow offering single-cup cone brewing. They do not. I've edited the review to make it clear that I'm talking about taking home their in-store roasted beans.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,10/28/2011,137,104,1,9,6>This has quickly become one of my family's favorite things to do. If you have a child you know that babysitters are expensive, so you don't use them every weekend. The Bengie's is a perfect solution to that. They play three movies an evening with the first being a child appropriate movie, followed by two more grow up films. Our daughter watches the first movie with us then slugges up in her sleeping bag and goes to sleep in the backseat. My husband and I are left to stay awake and watch two more movies. You pay $9 for adults and $5 for a child for entry to the drive in, you can stay and watch all three movies or leave after the first one. The cost is the same. They provide a concession stand with an impressive selection of food/snacks/drinks at very low prices. We tried the pumpkin spiced latte last week. $1.50 worth of heavenly goodness! If you prefer to bring in your own food they will sell you an outside food permit for $10. This is the option we chose and brought in a full dinner, popcorn in bags, snacks, etc ... Minus one star because it'd be a great idea if the concession stand delivered to your car. Would be especially nice on rainy nights!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,10/26/2011,66,81,10,9,7>Come on by and if you stay long enough, you will see reviewer Meredith J or me or both of us at some point. I came here during the first heavy snowfall of the winter, and the owners (who are the primary bartenders...huge props for that) were just lovely. I like to have them choose beers for me and they tease me every time I do it. They are completely invested in the neighborhood, not just interested in taking its money. Great place to watch sports, and if the place isn't too full, they always ask you if there's something you'd like to watch. Thoughtful.Get:1. pickle chips2. homemade potato chips that are like crack3. cupcakes (yes, cupcakes)4. deep fried cat 5. just checking to see if you're still reading6. Vanilla Porter for dessert7. the specialIt's not a beautiful bar, but the space is warm and inviting because the owners and patrons are just...good. See you there. Oh, and although I don't have a problem with hipsters and PBR tallboys, I have never seen a hipster here, if they bother you. I think there's like an invisible forcefield once Fort curves into Locust Point and their stylish bikes bounce off or something.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,10/25/2011,195,458,18,8,8>Dear husband of mine,Buy me Chocolate Peanut butter cupcakes from Touche Touchet and you will get lucky.  Amazing.Love,Your Wife
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,10/23/2011,46,133,3,8,5>The most wonderful thing I've ever seen! If you have a single complaint about this place you might need to reevaluate your attitude, because there is simply nothing more amazing then any bastion of free knowledge open to the public and free of scrutiny or profit. Please donate books to this place, take books from this place, and work hard to make sure it exists forever!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,10/22/2011,59,224,1,6,3>Tonight I was in the mood for a burger and a beer. I tried to go to the Fish Whistle, but because of the high tide the Chester River floods their parking lot with at least 6 inches of water or better.... So instead I came to Brooks Tavern. Make no mistake, I made the better choice. This is the second burger special I have had here and tonight's was absolutely fantastic.For starters, just like last time: I ordered mixed green salad with blue cheese dressing. First the greens were absolutely fresh, garnished with a few ultra-thin slices of cucumber and radish, along with julienned carrot and some other crispy colorful veggie. The blue cheese dressing is home-made and is packed with flavor and cheese crumbles. While the dressing is placed on the salad, they do not drench your salad with the dressing. Served with a slice of crustini made from French bread. ($7)Alright, I am a huge fan of Blue Cheese dressings, especially when they are homemade, just like this Blue Cheese dressing!!!My burger was a cooked to order (medium RARE), BACON....Yum!!!, chive, and cream cheese mix on top of sautéed Portobello mushroom on a homemade bun served with homemade potato wedges and dill pickle chips. I was in burger heaven once again....this chef knows his meat and how to cook a burger. Tender, juicy, and flavorful. These burgers are worth every penny of the $11.00 price tag.There is nothing like a good cold beer to pair with a burger, and tonight I had two ice cold Yuengling beers enjoy ($2.45 ea)For desert I tried their Lemon Icebox Pie. I was initially worried that this was a mass produced commercial product. Opps, boy was I wrong...LOL!!! This lemon pie had just the right amount of mouth smacking tartness...mm mm good!!! (this not Cambell's) and went well with a great mug of fresh coffee ($6 pie)Now to top off the food, the service staff are no slackers either, very polite, quick, and anxious for you to enjoy your visit. The bartender, a rather cute blonde named Jennifer was really sweet when I asked what kind of mushrooms were in the cream of mushroom soup, she stopped and ran to find out... letting me know that they were button mushrooms. To all you who are indeed looking for that perfect burger....look no further, you will find it here!!!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,10/21/2011,42,42,3,8,4>Went to Alchemy on a Saturday for a birthday lunch with 6 of my favorite ladies and it was a definite success!  We sat downstairs in the comfortable and modern booths and were quickly greeted for drink orders. Since it was a celebration we ordered some of their fancy-pants cocktails and they were all great. I had the Love Potion #36 while others had champagne, margaritas with tantalizing blue salt on the rim etc... Our waiter was very helpful in recommending appetizers and drinks and clearly knew the full menu back to front. The appetizers were amazing! The Mojito mussels are soon to become my new craving of choice. They were cooked perfectly and tasted like a tropical island - in a good way. The scallops were also perfectly cooked and I only wish there had been more of them or more of the french bread topped with tapenade to soak up the dreamy sauce they were served in. The chicken liver pate went down like gangbusters and the special shrimp appetizer they had that day was also a huge favorite at the table.  I could see myself going back there just to load up on small plates the whole time. They have a great variety of apps and they do an excellent job with all of them. Oh! I forgot the seared tuna app...that was fantastic too. Everything was presented beautifully and they got all the apps out to the table at the same time.The lunch menu offers a good variety of salads and sandwiches and small selection of regular entrees. Everyone ordered sandwiches after all those appetizers. The Monte Cristo looked tempting enough to make me wish I had gone out on a limb and tried it and you can be sure that next time I will. Although my pork tenderloin sandwich was very tasty but I wish they had sliced a tad thinner to make it easier to eat.The pastry chef (and co-owner) came out to see how all the guest were enjoying their meals too.Last but not least they brought me a little birthday treat which was a champagne flute with a candle carefully melted on to the stem of the glass for me to blow out! And a lovely blackberry bathing in the bubbles. So much better than cake or a cupcake!Thanks for helping make my birthday so enjoyable Alchemy!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/20/2011,30,17,2,4,2>Located just past Johns Hopkins University, this is truly a HIDDEN GEM! The restaurant is on the main level of a condo/apartment building and has indoor or outdoor seating. True elegant style, you feel like you've stepped inside a real authentic Indian Restaurant. The outdoor seating is actually covered during the colder time periods, but still encases you within their secret gardens. The warmer months are beautiful eating on the outdoor patio, surrounded by greenery and all sorts of floral arrangements.Not only is the decor and atmosphere of Ambassador Dining Room great, but the food is definitely 5 star, that will keep you coming back for over and over again.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,10/19/2011,27,11,9,10,9>I have lived in the Federal Hill area for over 5 years now and was always disappointed with the fact that there were no true desert places in the area worth going to. With the disgusting hot summer nights that Baltimore brings, its good to have a place within walking distance to satisfy an ice cream craving any given night. Afters Cafe hits the sweet spot right on with their frozen yogurt. Their primary offering, Afters' fro yo seems to be updated daily with new flavors (mango is the s$#&) and has a crazy amount of toppings. Unlike chains such as Rita's or Coldstone, the fro yo with toppings don't leave you feeling like death. I highly recommend the fresh kiwi and strawberry for a nice change from that "Gotta Have It size double fudge chocolate with a Snickers bar, peanut butter cup, and caramel mixed in" served at Coldstone. The setup is self-serve where you can create your own frozen fruity concoction for just 45 cents an ounce as of this review. The owners/employees are really friendly and really compliment the trendy, welcoming vibe that the shoppe offers. Other menu items include premium brewed coffee and pastries, both of which are next on my list to try. Whether it's a quick walk over for some late night fro yo or the perfect treat AFTER dinner (seewhatididthere), After's is a must.follow them on twitter: @AftersCafe ** They will tweet new flavors and the occasional discount offering (usually in the form of a secret password to mention at the register).
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,10/18/2011,12,32,1,5,5>Quick Review:   Super expensive, but you'll never forget it.  Wonderful service right down to the door greeter.  AMAZING taste-bud coma!The Experience:  This place has a reputation for being the best Italian Restaurant in Baltimore.  I'm going to have to amend that statement to "Aldos serves the best and most expensive Italian restaurant in Little Italy."  The first thing that comes to mind about this place is "hmmmmmm OMG that's so good!"  I had the Aldo's Ossobuco * Slow-Braised Veal Shank on the bone and Porcini Mushroom Risotto.  It was worth every penny, and I'd go back and have it again if there weren't so many things on the menu I wanted to try.  The meat was so tender I could've used a butter knife to cut it.  Absolutely wonderful dish!  If you've never had that moment after placing a fork full of an entree in your mouth where you have to pause and actually think about the wonderfulness that went into this meal...Aldo's will do that for you.For two people (who also ordered a bottle of wine), we easily spent around $250 which is why I'm giving it 4 stars.  The atmosphere was decent.  We couldn't overhear other conversations from neighboring tables so it gave us a feeling that we were the only ones there, and the service contributed to that feeling.  I do have to say that they've chosen a disturbing concoction of beige for their walls( this is the case where I was seated).  I don't normally pay that much attention to how a restaurant decorates, but this was a beige nightmare that you'd expect to see in an old apartment complex.  I'd urge them to explore interior design more appealing to the palate, but I still would've been impressed if I had eaten in a bat cave because the food was that good.Try it at least once---at least on a special night where you want to do something extraordinary for yourself.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,10/17/2011,93,214,4,4,3>This place must put some sort of addictive substance in their pulled pork sandwich. Before I moved to MD, this was not something I ever would have ordered for lunch. Now, I crave this thing all the time. I knew it must be good when I saw that the line for the place goes out the door everyday at lunch...even when it's cold out. And surprisingly, the food comes out quickly and tastes very fresh.My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on it. In my normal foodie life, I would never touch either of these items, but somehow, Andy Nelson's has converted me to a BBQ addict.Highly recommend this place!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,10/16/2011,747,595,,10,7>Santoni's is a excellent market for the local area, you can come across a lot of special deals.First and foremost this place has been active in the area for a LONG time and because of that there is a lot of people who have been shopping here for a long time, just another way to ensure this is a great market. Because of the large Latino population in the area finding peppers, fruits and a lot of things that wouldn't normally make the selves of larger markets ; it's here and not over priced like some places with "specialty" items. As for the quality of their butchery, I would say go else where, their deli is fine and the hot bar and bakery ; excellent but the butcher has some questions quality meat's and their cut's aren't the best.  The area is full of parking and the large aisles of the market make it easy to push your cart through. - Home delivery service- Excellent hot bar, deli and bakery- Large name brands and a handful of generic names- ALWAYS open - Excellent staff, with a company willing to take risks for profit (eg: Groupon coupon offer)- FULL M&T Bank- Keno and Maryland Lotto center
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,10/15/2011,31,103,4,7,4>OMG, the lamb/beef gyro sandwich ($7) was off-the-chain! I will go back to Columbia Mall just for this gyro. Gyro is one of those dishes I am very particular about--to the point of being a gyro-snob, but this place completely took me off guard and then some. The gyro was flavored to near perfection---meat was juicy, spiced just right, the tzatziki sauce was creamy and it did NOT overwhelm the meat, and vegetables tasted fresh.I did have to wait 16 minutes to get my sandwich--my order was "lost" but the manager was very apologetic and hooked me up with, you guessed it, more gyro! That 16 minutes was worth all the wait and I was able to extend my pig-out gyro feast! Make sure you "check in" so you can get the free drink!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,10/14/2011,39,123,3,5,3>I get so many restaurant recommendations from people that it is often hard to decipher which restaurants I desperately want to eat at and which I can put on the back burner for a while. No pun intended. However, chances are that if I get several recommendations for the same restaurant then it obviously must be something special - as was the case with Cazbar. Cazbar is an authentic Turkish restaurant located in the quaint Mount Vernon area in Baltimore.The restaurant is multiple levels and turns into a lounge with music and a belly dancer at night. The décor is a modern infusion of interesting colors and textures mixed with old world Turkish amenities. It seemed as if most of the servers were of Turkish descent, including the manager who continually checked up on our table to explain the various items and make sure our meal was up to par. We really wanted to sample a lot of things on the menu, so we ordered the Sultan's Platter for two ($59.95). The Sultan's Platter is a three course pre-fixe dining option where you get a sample of their five most popular spreads/appetizers - hummus, tzatiki, zucchini fritter, babganoush, and a mixture of sautéed vegetables in a spicy rich tomato paste. This was probably the highlight of the meal. Not to downplay anything else we ordered, but this was hands down the tastiest, most well-done feature of the evening. Every component was clearly homemade using the best ingredients. The hummus was velvety and rich, the babaganoush a perfect blend of roasted eggplant and spice, the zucchini fritter was light and crispy, and the sautéed vegetables were probably the best thing on the plate.Additionally, we ordered lahmajun which is a traditional Turkish dish comprised of spiced ground lamb baked on flatbread. The lahmajun was good but not the best I have had. It was a bit too thin for my liking but the seasoned lamb was on point. The main entree included with the sultan's platter is a massive family style dish of basmati rice, adana kebab (spice lamb), kofte kebab (spiced beef), chicken kebab and finally steak kebab. There is also grilled salmon and shrimp included to accompany all the other proteins. This was a great way to sample almost every kebab offered on the menu. The adana kebab and chicken kebab were especially good. Both were charred and juicy while being properly seasoned with mass amounts of paprika, cumin and parsley. The pre-fixe dessert item was rice pudding. I'm usually not a fan of rice pudding but Cazbar's rendering was very good. The rice was not overly cooked and the consistency of the pudding was smooth not gloppy.I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience at Cazbar. The staff was very friendly and the food reminded me of my father's cooking. The prices were fair, averaging about $8 for appetizers and about $18-23 for entrees. There were still many items on the menu which I wanted to try so I am anxiously awaiting another opportunity to visit this Baltimore gem.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,10/13/2011,125,325,11,9,9>Oh my! So many dirty jokes can be made about this meat-fest.My family and I went here for a celebration of sorts during restaurant week. I've probably digested more meat here in one night than I ever have in my entire life. You can feel fully satisfied by feasting off of the salad bar..... prosciutto, smoked salmon, asparagus, cheese, need I say more?The side dishes were pretty lackluster though. Mushy plantains....with steak....umm...I know it's a Brazilian steakhouse..but really? The mashed potatoes weren't too hearty and the polenta was like a giant french fry, so I can't complain much about these. The cheesy bread rolls had a strange texture. I can't say much in regards to those.The desserts were a bit boring, but they came with the deal. The drinks on their specialty drink menu were strong and pricey....nothing special. The place is loud. It certainly isn't romantic, but it is one heck of an experience. The service is attentive to the point that it is almost overwhelming. We had multiple waiters during the night and the meat-serving guys just wouldn't stop. The second that card goes green....you get ambushed by men in gauchos....one after the other.It was a heck of a deal for restaurant week. You will never leave this place hungry.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,10/12/2011,46,149,,6,3>I am shocked that I am the first person to review this shop.  I first visited this shop about 6 years ago.  I was living in Hawai'i and visiting family here on the East Coast.  I mentioned to my father that I was looking for a new Fedora.  He smiled and said, "Get in the car, I know exactly where to go."This place sells name brand hats and their own private label hat.  But the key here is that they also service the hats they sell.  If you don't know anything about hats, that sounds kinda silly at first read.  However, it is actually quite useful.  Everything from changing the band around a hat, to making minor adjustments.They have a huge selection, knowledgable and friendly staff, and a rare market now-a-days.  There really aren't that many true men's hat shops left in the country.  Trust me, I've looked!  Be grateful we have one of the few right here in Baltimore!  After writing this review, I've decided I need to go buy a new summer hat!  See you there!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,10/11/2011,29,17,,3,3>eeeeverthing was fresh, delicious, and friendly! Every time I drive by I want to go again! Food came out promptly and looked so delicious - the pita and tadziki coupled perfectly with the lamb that I got, and the side of roasted veggies were the perfect compliment. Tried my boyfriend's fish and it, too, was really really tasty! Highly recommend this wonderful greek neighborhood spot. Only thing to keep in mind is that it is CASH ONLY, so just plan ahead for that :)
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/10/2011,49,33,3,7,5>I was lucky enough to grow up on these gems- either my parents or my grandparents almost always had some on hand.They are this crazy SOFT shortbread type cookie covered with a TON of thick chocolate fudge.  SOOOOO good.  I don't care if they're horrible for you!  You really only need to eat one and make sure you have some milk on hand!We have found them at BJ's, Costco and Sam's Club at greatly discounted prices.Oh, they also have a stand at the Lexington Market under the name De Bauffre Bakery and they have GREAT baked goods.Edited to add:  It appears that BJ's, Costco and Sam's no longer carry Berger cookies. Very sad about this!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,10/9/2011,8,2,2,9,5>I actually went to Ann at Sprout because of other positive Yelp reviews. Though she seems to be busy, I managed to get an appointment with her within the time frame I wanted. She greeted me at the desk enthusiastically, and took me immediately back to the chair. I told her I thought a dry cut would be best, since I had just washed and dried my hair an hour or two earlier. I had never tried a dry cut, and I have to admit I was a little nervous, but she had a good system, and I liked all the choices she made with my hair. She listened to what I said I wanted, and made sure I was happy before I left. I told her I didn't use any product or want to fuss with my hair, and not only did she NOT push any products or additional services, but actually gave me some helpful tips on how to use natural products to increase the health of my hair. As I am a skin and hair care expert from my days at Sephora, I knew that she knew what she was talking about, and I was impressed.I feel like $50 is a perfectly reasonable price to pay for the peace of mind an organic salon gives you, and even though I didn't get shampooed or have any other chemical processes done, I thought the home-grown approach was more than 'organic' enough to warrant a return visit.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,10/8/2011,26,201,,4,2>I love this place and it just so happens to be right next to another favorite of mine, Tapas Teatro.I am a movie lover.  Period.  I am a lover of all types of movies:  drama, foreign, independent, romantic comedies, comedy...all of the above.  Charles Theatre is a movie lover too and that's why we get along.  I love the types of movies that they play here.  I often find myself on the website just to see what is coming soon!  Something about it here takes you  back to the past.  I love how it's not 'glamorous' or 'really nice'  It is what it is...great. It is the only place I've ever ordered a coffee at the snack stand. Who drinks coffee in the theatre?? Plus you can bring wine in from Tapas!  This place is just wonderful.  I love all the lights on the ceiling when you walk in.  I gotta go see another movie soon!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,10/7/2011,131,357,,9,5>What can you expect from 7 West? A variety of nice appetizers, salads, sandwiches and entrees with a focus on Mediterranean, Greek, Italian and American. It has something for everyone which is great since it can accommodate a small or large group. It's a great place to meet for drinks as they have a large rectangular bar in the front or enjoy a full meal in the dining area. Since the space has high ceilings and there is no partition between the bar and dining area, the restaurant can get loud especially when they have a large networking happy hour. I've enjoyed and liked the Gyro and Chicken Souvlaki (kebabs) which are great. The crab dip is very creamy and served piping hot. This time around, I tried the Greek Salad topped with salmon for lunch. The salad was fresh and the portion was huge. The portions are large. Definitely come hungry. I like that it isn't upscale dining for special occasions and that it is approachable for everyday dining - it's smart casual. I can see why they have regulars that return frequently.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,10/6/2011,47,129,9,5,6>Huuuuuuuuuugggghhhh I think my heart just stopped.OH wait there it goes.Good lord, PJs, are you TRYING to kill me? Yes? Unabashedly so? Oh, alright then. Carry on.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,10/5/2011,141,69,5,8,8>It seems that Baltimore has a wide selection of local pet stores that cater to dogs, but very few of them have a good assortment of food and merchandise for cats.  As a crazy cat lady in training with four cats, I appreciate that Howl has the largest selection of grain-free food for kitties in the Baltimore area.  They even have a large selection of raw food for cats.  They turned me on to the brand of raw food that I now feed my cats, Aunt Jeni's.  It is reasonably priced and the employees at Howl go out of their way to keep the rabbit formula in stock for me.  If you sign up for a frequent customer card (free, and they never bother you with spam mail), your 10th bag/can/container of food is free!  The employees are always very personable and helpful.  If your cat is picky (as one of mine is), they will work with you to help you find the food your cat is most likely to eat.Howl also carries a wide variety of gourmet and natural cat treats.  My cats love the dehydrated turkey hearts and the bonito flakes (otherwise known as kitty crack).  My kitties appreciate the organic catnip toys they carry as well.  Simply put, this is a one-stop shop for Baltimore cat owners looking to give their cats a quality food and lifestyle.Oh yeah, and they have a big selection of dog stuff too, if that's your thing.  I do love dogs, but I feel like cats just don't get enough credit when it comes to most pet stores.  Cats deserve to be spoiled too!Parking is available on the street, and there is also a free lot in the back of the store.If you're lucky, when you visit Howl an adorable dog or cat will greet when you go up to the register to pay for your purchases!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,10/4/2011,48,147,2,7,2>Festival Eatery is definitely off the beaten path! The setup is similar to a cafeteria, with trays and a "lunch line" but believe me they are not serving up that mystery meat you had in the days of recess!!My mom works down the street from here, so every once and awhile we meet here for lunch. It's family owned and run, and every time we go the same staff is there so it has that nice local feel.They always have a board of daily specials by the door, and sometimes you can get something that's not on the menu. (Hint: pretzel rolls!! yumm!)The turkey melt on a pretzel roll is delicious and their shrimp salad is pretty tasty too. The homemade carrot cake over by the register is also a yummy treat!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,10/2/2011,0,102,4,11,6>This review will be THE ONLY REVIEW YOU NEED FOR CARMAS!Simply put, there are only THREE things I come here for.  I've had pretty much everything here, and its a decent place, but there are THREE-- i repeat 3-- things to get here. 1. First if you're looking for a good bite, go with their breakfast sandwich with local eggs, cheddar, and local meat. I opt for the egg, cheese, and bacon sandwich. Now while the eggs and meat are both wonderful, what is the deal MAKER is the bread. Their special health bread, specifically used for this breakfast sandwich, is brought in fresh from [EDIT: Stonemill Bakery]. Usually they'll cut the crust, but ask them to leave it on. TRUST me. When i DO stop in for food, this is the only thing i will get. 2. Second, in terms of libations, i'm kind of a coffee snob, so i'm not a huge fan of their coffee. That being said, their chai is levels above anything else i've had around here. Their chai isn't all sugary and artificial tasting like Starbucks. They use actual black tea and spices. It's solid. Get their Vanilla Chai if you like vanilla. 3. Finally, if you're looking for dessert or something quick to have with your drink, they have this Pumpkin Oatmeal cookie that is pretty amazing. Seriously, i'm pretty particular about having anything "pumpkin" seasonally so i usually ONLY get these during the fall and winter, but they have them year round. Try them and you'll be hooked. It may seem a bit pricey at a dollar a cookie, but i mean that's what Starbucks will charge for a cookie they mass produce  and it isn't nearly half as tasty.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,10/1/2011,103,142,3,5,3>I eat here A LOT.What to say about Jimmy's?  This place is like home for the holidays.  Riotous, loud, everyone talking at once, the occasional yelling between people not getting along, good, dependable comfort food, and the more time you spend there, the more you feel like part of the clan.The home fries are tasty.  The food is hot and plentiful.  Occasionally it's surprisingly good, otherwise it's dependably good. On weekends, there can be a line for a table, but don't fret.  The kitchen and waitresses are FAST, and the tables turn quickly.Oh, and tip the waitresses, hon! These are some hardworking ladies!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,9/30/2011,31,56,3,13,5>One of the main reasons I gave Padma a shot was that they got the City Paper award for "Best Salon for People who Hate Salons" (or something to that effect). This indeed was true in my case. I hate salons. I try to minimize such visits to about 2-3 a year. But I am also insanely picky about my hair and how it has to be cut. It took me about 2 years of misfires (and just waiting until I visit Houston or the Philippines to have one of my old stylists do my hair) to settle on Sprout about a year or two ago. But unfortunately, they've gotten so popular that I've had to call a couple of weeks in advance to get the stylist I like and the last two times I got my cut there I felt rushed and the cut wasn't as good as it was before. Enter Padma. It may be strange but I get filled with such anxiety every time I go to the salon. The possibility of living with a terrible cut fills me with such dread and of course it's bloody fucking expensive to begin with that the thought of having to fix it is much worse. But Padma definitely was a much more relaxed atmosphere for starters and it definitely helped that I was there early in the morning on a somewhat slow day (highly recommended). Everyone I encountered was pleasant and helpful from the moment I entered the salon but of course Scout, my stylist, gets two thumbs up, WAY UP, from this lady. She was so thorough with the consultation. I wanted a very specific bob--and with my hair there's a very thin line between awful mushroom cut and amazing bob and it takes a very mindful and skilled stylist to get it just right. Scout went beyond my expectations, carefully considering all aspects of my hair type and level of maintenance required (ie little to non-existant) and executed the best bob I've had my entire life. The lines were perfect, the hidden undercut in the back to prevent mushroom head and thinning the heck out of my thick, thick, hair worked so well that I left the salon elated and beaming with excitement. More exciting is that maintenance before the next major cut is free (meaning a bang trim and Scout even offered to cut the bits of hair at the base of your neck that usually threatens to turn into a pseudo-mullet if left alone for too long). Needless to say, I love it, highly recommend it, and I'm definitely going back.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,9/29/2011,60,137,3,8,6>What a great place for my 100th review! Our new local favorite. Where do I start?Lobster and half priced wine night is Wednesday. Nice size lobster and 2 sides for $13.99!  So many sides to choose, but we like the veggie skewers, corn and mashed potatoes. They have a whole separate specials menu, for every category...I rarely order from the usual menu.Apps: Jerk chicken is the best! Ask for honey mustard too, some of the best stuff ever. We really like the fried green tomatoes when available too.Nothing is fried here, all baked or stove top. The wings are really good, even with that bit of knowledge.Awesome ambiance, great taste in sports too, usually soccer and hockey on the TV when in season.Never been out back to hang but they have a huge area with tables, horse shoe pits, seats and a kids play area!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,9/28/2011,93,199,5,7,7>Thanks to Elsa M's review and much to my boyfriend's delight, I now have found a new place to shop! After brunch at The Point on Saturday, I dragged my boyfriend to Party Dress and told him that I must take a look inside because of all the awesome reviews I read on Yelp! I walked inside and I was not disappointed. From the outside, the store seems like it is yet another little overpriced Fells Point boutique, but once you step inside, you would think you were in a two-level Forever 21 at the mall, without the clutter. I couldn't believe a huge store like this was hidden and tucked away in the city. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a sales associate asking if I was looking for anything in particular and we exchanged in a friendly conversation for a few minutes. She told me to let her know if I needed anything and then I browsed the store on my own while my boyfriend sat on a couch for the next sixty minutes. I noticed several bored male significant others on various couches spread throughout the store and laughed to myself while perusing the racks. I must have looked at every item in the store twice, just to make sure I didn't miss anything and every time I picked up a dress and walked away from its rack, a sales associate was there to take it to the fitting room for me. Customer service is a lost art, but the employees at Party Dress have found it! Other reviewers seemed to think that the employees were watching their every move out of suspicion, but I took it for attentiveness. When I finally finished looking, I walked to the fitting room and tried on my six dresses that were waiting for me. Every time I came out of the fitting room, a sales girl was there to watch and tell me how the outfit looked or ask if I needed another size or style. Had my wallet allowed it, I would have walked out with all six dresses, but I narrowed down my selection to two and walked out of Party Dress a very happy girl.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,9/27/2011,145,325,4,7,4>It's a free bus in Downtown Baltimore. What's there NOT to like about that?The buses are always clean and seem to run on a fairly regular schedule (usually).  You do get an interesting mix of people on the bus.... Business people, students, tourists, and the various types of locals found in Baltimore.  But I never felt unsafe or uneasy riding the CCC.You can also download a Charm City Circulator app for your phone as well... Not too bad... It gives you maps and tells you the time til bus arrival for all stops. Worth a download if you plan on using the CCC, be it often or infrequent.It can get a little crowded at times though... So if you have little kids or elderly people with you, it might be a little bit more of a challenge.... But it is still doable :)
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,9/26/2011,150,543,3,8,6>I. Love. This. Place.The ice is actually crushed/shaved super fine, unlike other joints where you're basically eating ice cubes with syrup on them. They have more flavors then I was shake a stick at, and they have more then just shaved ice. They have ice cream, milkshakes, and other fatty goodness to make your heart sing. Plus the prices are reasonable. The only downside is that it is a little out of the way from me, but I still come out here.**also, they are closed between the end of September until about May.**
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,9/25/2011,13,86,4,7,1>I hesitate to write great review of this place because I'm afraid people will see it and flock to this neighborhood gem just steps away from my house. Hudson Street is great for football or hockey but it's great for meeting a friend and just catching up. Lots of great beers on tap, craft brews, and more  including my favorite Allagash White, on occasion. Specials almost every night of the week on top of the already very reasonable prices.  The food here isn't fabulous, but I've asked to make little tweaks to the items on the menu several  times and they've always been amenable.  Simple but good bar food. I like the Mussels Hoegaarden, the pretzels and the shrimp salad - go figure! It's always fresh and a little tangy. Yum.  Great bartenders, very comfortable, cozy bar section with a tin ceiling that warms the whole space.  Best of all, it's easy to overlook, kind of hidden on a side street which helps to keep the riffraff out and by riffraff I mean people who are left at Portside at 1:45 a.m. on Friday night and those who can't find their way out of Canton Square.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,9/24/2011,197,128,4,10,9>I've been to Brewer's Art twice, and both visits have left me impressed. Although I stuck to the bar menu both times, I can only imagine the dinner menu, provided it follows suit.My first encounter was with one of my closest friends and her parents, who I adore. The mood was light, our bellies were empty, and the restaurant was bustling with a hodge-podge of patrons: artsy college kids drenched in bohemian splendor, crisp attorneys guzzling microbrews in an attempt to dilute the potency of the courtroom, nestled pairs of lovers in shaded corners, oblivious to the animation of the crowd. I could proceed into a review of their beer offerings, but in this case I feel disinclined: anyone who enjoys beer will have no issue finding a favorite on their list. Instead I'd like to address one of my favorite topics, and in fact favorite things in this world: food. My first visit, I ordered the antelope gyro, and can honestly say it's the best I've ever had. This is a fairly big deal for me, seeing as I pride myself in being a gyro connoisseur and general lamb fanatic. The savory strips of meat melt in your mouth, the cool creamy tzatziki cuts the spice perfectly, and the greens give a satisfying crunch to contrast the texture of the antelope. My second visit was a late-night dinner this summer with a friend visiting from New York. We ordered 3 small plates to share. The Roasted Pork Belly was served over cornbread and dressed in a wonderfully unexpected strawberry compote, changing my opinion on the marriage of fruit and meat. Our second plate was the Sweet Breads; being a first-timer, I proceeded with caution. Tender veal ris flash-fried in crispy breading and drizzled in a sweet demi-glace, this dish wooed me like a Spanish love song. I admonish myself for waiting 25 years to make the introduction. Finally we had gnocchi tossed in a creamy asiago cheese sauce with white truffle oil and pancetta. With that list of ingredients, there is really no option other than to make out with your plate. There was a risque period towards the end of the meal where I had to restrain myself from using tongue. Although their menu changes seasonally, and the above dishes have transitioned into their autumnal counterparts, any item you order will be prepared to maximize it's potential. I can state with confidence to any Brewer's Art naysayer: you represent all that is wrong with the foodie world. Just jump.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,9/23/2011,76,88,1,8,6>Well, I've got a new favorite coffee shop. I've gone here about a dozen times and I think it's FINALLY time for a review. I am impressed with this place from every angle. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and I've never had a better Frappe. The carmello is especially delicious. Turns out that they use a sugar-based emulsifier to keep the coffee and blended ice from separating. Genius! The brewed coffee is great too. They have a lot of exotic blends to choose from, none of which I haven't liked. Also noteworthy is their "coffee cupping" which is essentially wine tasting with coffee. However, this takes place in their main store at Russel St and involves a lot of sniffing and even more slurping. I was even more impressed to find that their coffee bean roasting professional actually goes to at least some of the farms (I'm not sure if he goes to all of them) and inspects the beans in the raw before they purchase a crop. He shared some pictures of himself at a South American farm when I went cupping. That's what I call dedication!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,9/22/2011,139,228,5,19,9>I really struggled with myself as to whether I wanted to review this place or not. Every Friday morning here is already like the Running of the Brides at Filene's Basement - only for furniture and home decor - and I'd hate to have to also compete with you for the incredible deals. But alas, I am a giving soul and here's the head's up on this place. (You can thank me later by passing on that end table or glass vase when you see me eyeing it up the same time as you! *wink*)So basically, this company furnishes most, if not all, new home builder models that everyone Oohs and Ahhs over when they're house hunting or looking for decorating ideas. So what happens when the community sells out and there isn't a need for the model home? Well, you get to purchase the incredible, barely (if at all) used furniture and decorative items for a massive discount.Here's my most recent purchase:- A three piece (dresser and two night stands) medium-stain cherry wood bedroom set from Bassett for $420.- A dark cherry wood glass-top end table for $40- Two (2) dark cherry bookshelves for $130Because I spent over $500, I received an additional 25% off my entire purchase (they offer different specials each month) - for a grand total of $469 (tax included) My final purchase price probably wouldn't have even bought me two lesser quality bookshelves in a normal furniture store!Now on to the nitty gritty: 1)If you want the best selection, come early (doors open at 8AM) and expect to wait in line if you arrive prior to. 2) Out of decency to your fellow shoppers waiting in said line, do not have your friends, family, neighbors, etc. jump the line when they arrive right before doors open.3) Be prepared to make split second decisions because things do not last long - which leads us to the next point:4) Unless you're really ready to purchase a piece of furniture, don't grab the ticket and hang on to it while you shop around. If you want it, put your name on it, which means you're committing to buying it. Otherwise, give everyone else a fair shot at it.5) Enjoy yourself and don't get discouraged. They're open practically every Friday, so just come back on a regular basis and you'll come across from incredible deals!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,9/21/2011,119,457,7,12,12>The only reason I'm even docking one star is because I had to brush my teeth about 10 times and take about 8 tums due to the extreme amount of garlic I consumed. We came last week and tried a bunch of different stuff... the appetizer combo (falafels, hummus, mediterranean snack roll and Lebanese salad served with pita bread), kofta kebab (grilled minced beef, hummus, tomato, parsley, onions and ground sumac) and the Lebanese pizza (six mini slices of toasted pita pie topped with dry thyme, sesame seeds, olive oil and pomegranate sauce). Everything was good. The hummus wasn't the best I'd ever had, but still really good, and there was some spice (a cinnamon-y spice) in the kofta kebab that I didn't really like. The falafel was really, really good, as was the pizza. The garlic sauce was awesome but I honestly don't know that I could get it again since it had such an intense effect!I really like Tahina's which is right up the street, but this seems way more authentic.Also, fountain orange soda is always a thumbs up in my book.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,9/20/2011,83,138,2,4,3>This place just ROCKS plain and simple. It you were to go in there when it was light outside you would see basically a really badly decorated hole in the wall bar from the 60s with fake wood paneling, beaten up chairs and an odd maroon colored ceiling. When it is dark it is a whole different story.Lit with the draped purple icicle lights you would expect to find in a high school girls room, candles and recessed lights pointed at the really neat local artwork hanging on the walls the ambiance is set. It is accented by a record (Yes, I mean real vinyl) player that the Bartender/DJ/bar back/bouncer (there is only one person who works the entire bar at a time) keeps spinning with old stones albums and other fantastic rock. The booze are even better. Equipped with a full bar they have numerous bottled beers as well as 5 delicious beers on draft that are all pretty unique from one another (Drunkel, reserection, Dog head 60 minute IPA etc.). They also have a number of wines that many were drinking (though I haven't had there) and their signature Chartreuse liquor.The crowd is diverse from old timer locals to mid 20s.This place reminds me why it is sometimes worth it to pay a bit more drink at a bar as opposed to a house party.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,9/19/2011,40,37,9,5,6>I'm pretty into this restaurant, and I did an absolutely terrible job of hiding my shocking love affair with their food. I'm trying to play it cool, but I already have a date to go back on Wednesday... and today is Monday.I wandered in to Sascha's alone and hungry after a day of searching for furniture. I thought it would be a tiny little bistro judging by the exterior, but the place is huge inside! I was a little nervous to see that it was completely empty at 6pm, but as I sat down at the bar and the very friendly bartender told me a bit about the place, he informed me that they are slammed all Fall and Winter long, but as soon as summer hits they slow down considerably. I imagine that's something due to the local students heading home for the warmer months or people heading out for vacations, but hey... lucky me! I get some personal attention. Also it was luckily happy hour when I sat down, so all the 'taste plates' were half price, and my beer was $3.50! The menu looked freakin awesome. "There is no way this food is going to be as good as it sounds." I thought. I ordered the scallops and crabcake sliders at the bartender's suggestion, and fried green tomatoes, because I want to eat them forever and never stop. Holy shit. I could not scarf this food fast enough, it was SO tasty. The scallops were lightly dusted in some peppery spices, seared perfectly. They came with a tiny saucer of spicy-sweet gazpacho that I only wish I could have had a bowl of; it was such a beautiful cultivation of flavors. I then moved on to the fried green tomatoes. They were breaded in Panko, which I'm a major fan of because it just holds batter better, and is so light and fluffy when you fry it... with a little shaved manchego on top... and arugula salad in a sweet vinaigrette... god I'm drooling just recounting this and it was only a few hours ago! I would have gladly taken a little bit more manchego on those tomates, but they were still TOTAL YUM.I always try crabcakes at decent looking restaurants, and so far in Baltimore, they've all been good, but nothing to write home about. Honest to god, my mom called me while I was eating these, and I couldn't stop myself from literally gushing about my unbelievable dinner. They come with these very interesting, thin waffley-cut chips dusted with old bay, and a BANGIN spicy remoulade. It's been a few good tries since I've had a remoulade that actually had distinctive flavor, and this one hit the nail on the head.Against my better judgement (I was already very full and don't have much of a sweet tooth) I ordered dessert. I got the peach pie, and it really didn't blow me away. I did appreciate that the peaches were fresh, but the crust was kinda mushy and tasted a little freezer burned. Not bad at all, just nothing spectacular. I have also yet to meet the chef that can perfect a peach pie dessert, so it seems a fair feat.Overall, simply awesome food. I'm such a snob about certain dishes (especially scallops and crabcakes) and these were just totally on pointe. I will say, the decor of the restaurant is mildly questionable. It almost seems like the front and back of the restaurant were designed by two different (albeit both artsy) people. The front has lovely luminescence and little fairy lights and candles everywhere, a big ol' crystal chandelier dangling front and center, with various art-school-looking portraits all over the walls. But then the back! These terrible couches, this really unmatchy huge 3D wall art of a bunch of faces, and some weird modern plastic sculpture dangling from the ceiling. The  open-air ambiance and old-school high ceilings of the main front dining room is a bit lost as you move back, as the space in the back area is overwhelmed by the too-modern style wall structures, one of which obstructs the kitchen entirely and gives a very strange look and feel to that part of the restaurant. But honestly, this perceived design flaw and dessert are my only half-assed gripes about Sascha's. I can't wait to go back in two days... Am I being too forward?
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,9/18/2011,155,217,3,6,2>In life, we all like the simple things.  Adamm's Airport Deli does all of the simple things right, without making everything overly complicated:  prompt and friendly service, great food, and reasonable prices.  Each time that I have came here, I have never encountered any problems, with the food or the employees.I sometimes stop here for breakfast and get a three-egg omelet laced with numerous toppings (usually mushrooms, green peppers, ham, cheese, and bacon).  The ending result is usually me being a happy person working throughout the day.  I actually stopped by here this morning and got an omelet to fill my breakfast desires.For lunch, I'll usually get The Brock sandwich, which is my favorite from the lunch menu.  I have tried a couple of their wraps, and I think the Tuna wrap is the best one.  You can't go wrong with anything from the menu.  Just be warned that due to the popularity of this shop within the local area, it can get packed.  However, the employees usually move swiftly.  If you're looking for something quick and easy on the wallet, take a stop over to Adamm's.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,9/17/2011,83,120,1,6,3>When you mix some really great food with great people and locals... you get Ale Mary's.This place will make you rethink a few things during your experience:1. Tater Tots2. Krispie Kreme Doughnuts3. Possibilities of Gastropub dishes?Ale Mary's has a quirky decor with crosses along with other Catholic influenced details (name says it all) and some other awesome randomness (leg lamp from A Christmas Carol).  The bar is pretty small and can get crowded pretty fast.  The table are usually open, but there are only 6 or 7 with multiple chairs, but stay.. WAIT and order these things1. Tater Tots in ANY form - it will be like a trip back down memory lane to those good ol' days when tots were awesome just as they are.. but when you order them here its like a GREAT trip down memory lane becuase the flavors have matured with you.2. Krispie Kreme Bread Pudding- all i can say is OH MY GOD.. what a true indulgence. You think it will be over the top disgusting greasy or cloyingly sweet, but NO you are wrong.. The doughnuts absorb that custard and becomes light and fluffy swirled with cinnamon and ice cream to balance it all out - AMAZING.. This is a MUST have.  3. Mussles - Mr. Boh's Mussels.The perfect balance of sweet brine flavor and clean acidity from wine and tomaotes... MUST try. I personally LOVE mussels and this place has a REALLY good dish.I've had the other dishes and while some may underwhelm in the light of the other amazing dishes I've had, but hey.... this is the neighborhood bar that does a lot of things right.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,9/16/2011,154,580,4,7,5>This place cracks me up every time I go in here.  They have the "Liquor Store" side and the cute "Gourmet Store" side.  It seems like they are trying to appeal to the yuppy foodies AND the off the street drunks. I have ordered kegs from this place as well as picked up local wine.  This is the place where I go to for local wine and beer.  They have a HUGE selection of Boordy Wines and Wines from St. Michael Vineyards.The gourmet store has the most adorable gifts! They have very unique wine bags.  They're not your typical vertical wine bags that look like wine bags, they have cute bags that look like cute purses.  The gifts here appeal to girly foodies who love wine.  They don't have too many manly gifts for the manly man.....I suggest you go over to the beer section on the liquor side for gifts for the manly man...  They have great hours to facilitate any early morning parties and late night parties. Highly recommend for all of your boozing needs.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,9/15/2011,18,157,3,11,4>Located where the old Milano's use to be.  Across the street from the Joppa MD DMV.  This is a great place to have authentic Italian food.  The service was top notch.  Food was excellent.  Pasta dishes are made to order and the noodles are made on site.  All of the pasta dishes were HUGE.  The seafood and veggies are very fresh.  One thing I really liked was the calamari fritti. We had it deep fried.  It was fresh, light and airy.  Very crisp and it did not get mushy and was not fishy in taste for only $8.99.  My wife had the Angel Hair Campagnola- Fresh mushrooms, broccoli, spinach, artichoke hearts and tomatoes sauteed with garlic and olive oil in our light marinara sauce for $10.99 (Great value for the money).  All most all of the pasta dishes were $10.99.  One of our guests had the Spaghetti Sausage and Peppers- Italian sausage sauteed with green peppers and onions in our marinara sauce.  Both were fantastic.  Very flavorful and plenty left over to take home.  I went for the Italian Cheese Steak (I know, not very daring) but it was very good.  Real shell steak.  Our Server was excellent.  Keep the refills coming and the bread (Fresh baked rolls) coming.  The atmosphere is very cozy.  Great place to take a date and you it takes you out of yourself.  We really enjoyed our meals there.  Since they are brand new the kitchen is only open until 10pm, though they were willing to serve us when we arrived just before 10pm.  We were not rushed and made to feel very comfortable.  I am sure over time as their business grows that they will stay open later.  This is a real gem of a place to eat and you will not be disappointed.  If you are looking for a cozy bar to have a conversation, get some food and great staff this is the place to go.  I have nothing bad to say about them and we will be back again!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,9/14/2011,50,112,2,5,4>Tequila + cupcakes + belly dancing + turkish food = Baltimore Elite Fabulous event! (Thank you Elsa!) We had such a great time at Cazbar last night; their upstairs room had such a comfortable and beautiful set up. We danced, we ate great food, we took goofy photos, we drank organic tequila, we sampled another one; we tried it again to make sure we really liked it... then there was a stand-in bartender so we had to have another one to make sure it wasn't a fluke. Yep, still good. The cupcakes were adorable! Neapolitan, tri-colored cupcakes?! If I didn't already have tequila in one hand and pita with hummus in the other, I might have taken a picture. The giveaways were super sweet! I'll be laying here with some frozen Yelp shotglasses on my eyes to reduce the puffiness and setting my brand new state of the art blinky Yelp watch to some time much later than the start of my shift...
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,9/13/2011,12,25,4,7,5>I going to give respect and props to LOK for bringing a quality vegan establishment to Bmore. First off, they provide quality food at a great value. $10 bucks for an entree and two sides will fill you up plenty but you may dream about running back for seconds. I got the Vegan turkey and gravy on my last trip, O' boy, it was out of sight and they do that amazing thing with their mac n cheese that other places such as my temple, Everlasting Life does which makes it really good. The owners of the place are really cool and compassionate people who have put a lot of work and care into the business and the results show in their product. They're only closed on Sunday and open the other days til 8pm, i think, so I'd advised you check them out sometime. They also have a vegan drinks event monthly which I have to check out. Much respect and keep it up. Bmore needs more quality and diverse vegan options.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,9/12/2011,133,198,5,6,5>I ended up taking my parents here for dinner Saturday night. My wife and I have been here before and we have had great experiences. It is a more laid back corner bar/restaurant then my usual spot, Ale Mary's of course.  We arrived at 6:30, I was thinking it was going to be packed, however I was wrong. Walked right in, got a table upstairs, no problem. Their draft selection isn't huge, but they had Dogfish on tap, so I stuck with that. To start we got the calamari and the chips.  My dad and I crushed the calamari. It was really good. I believe my dad was quoted as saying "that is the best damn calamari I have ever had..." It was pretty good, not rubbery, not a ton of breading and the red pepper aioli that went with it was solid. The chips were decent, but you better like pepper, because there was pepper on those things.The one thing that I noticed every time I come here is that their specials are...well I don't know, nothing special at all.  Usually specials are something unique and draw you in and you think, that would be so F-ing delicious right now. Not here. It is disappointing because I usually try to order specials and I would think that they would have some solid selections here but alas, no. I got the BBQ pulled chicken sandwich with the Jicama slaw. It came with hand cut fries that were also delicious.  It was solid, really enjoyed it a long with the red pepper mayo that came with it. "That sauce is so good, it makes you wanna slap yo momma!" Yeah it was that good. Speaking of Moms, mine definitely had the best entrée.  She had the Shrimp and grits. Those grits were awesome. Really buttery and cheesy and completely unhealthy, the way grits are served in the south! Unfortunately, my mom could not finish her plate and I fought off my wife and dad and was forced to jump on the grenade and finish off the grits! (Note:  that was Sarcasm) Oddly enough she got a side order of carrots, they were also on point.Again the Yellowdog met my expectations and provided for an excellent dinner with the family. I did forget to mention the service. Ours was fantastic. Never did I see the bottom of my beer vessel before I was provided a new fresh draft; gotta love that about an establishment.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,9/11/2011,48,32,6,5,6>Let's face it, they do Bacon Happy Hours. Four points right there. High-end Bourbon? Another four points. Awesome and eclectic drink "menu". Just put yourself in their hands and go along for the ride.Cons? Not big enough and can get crazy crowded on Bacon Happy Hour nights.Also probably one of the best bar twitter accounts (@bad_decisions). Definitely a bit on the geeky side here, but it's fun and always a good time. John and his staff are extremely friendly, and have no problem pointing out the dbags and mocking them openly on twitter.This is the place to go after grabbing dinner and a couple drinks in Fells. Unless it's bacon night, then just get yourself in there and eat and drink and be merry with a bunch of other crazy bacon loving fools.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,9/10/2011,110,237,4,10,4>Well what can I say.... it's delish!!!My husband took me here for my birthday and I was very impressed. Lots of great things and a couple of good things. All in all the experience was great!First of, it's complimentary valet which is always a good thing. If we're paying so much for the food, it's nice to know they give you a break for parking since it is in downtown Baltimore.In any case, we were welcomed and seated right away (we had a reservation, so i'm sure that helped).We decided to get the 6 course meal! I was soooo full at the end of it, I wasn't sure if I could fit in dessert which is mandatory by the way. And free. So go for it!I started off with the lobster bisque soup with curry and that was amazing. It was not with bits and pieces of lobster, but with chunks of lobster... very impressive. Very savory and tasty. Some reviewers thought it was too salty... but I really loved the flavor. Probably, the best I've tasted.Then I ordered the crabcake. It was with lump crab and very little filling on top of spinach and some mayo-based sauce. Amazing. Loved it!! not too salty but very flavorful!The 3rd course is asparagus: I needed a break before the meat so i got something light. It was good. It included chunks of cream cheese with it. Pretty good with the asparagus.The 4th course was Grilled salmon. Nothing out of the ordinary but still really good.The 5th was scallops. I don't know how they cook it, but it was delish. It was two big pieces of scallops on top of beans and bacon. Very good!My last course was the beef tenderloin. I admit that I did not finish this. I only was able to take a bite because I was so full. I even gave my husband piece of my other courses and I was still full. In any case, they usually serve all their meat medium rare... but i chose medium well because I like it like that. And it was still juicy and not dry at all. So very good!The dessert came and I almost about died because I could not breathe at all. I got the white chocolate and strawberry dome which is a dish with vanilla bean mousse or something topped with white chocolate and strawberries. So good! And I would've finished it but I couldn't take more than a couple of bites before succumbing to my body saying it can take no more! LolMy husband could not decided which dessert he wanted and so our waiter actually gave him both... hahaha.. the creme brulee and the rhubarb tart.  All was delicious!Then we got complimentary mini-pastries. I don't know how we ate them... but i took tiny little bites our of them.The dishes come out one at a time... so were were there for about 2.5 hours... definitely different experience from other food places we've been to. The atmosphere was great. Our waiter was amazing and the food was delish! What more can a girl ask for on her birthday =).  Expensive but definitely worth it for special occasions! =) YAY!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,9/9/2011,115,493,3,5,2>Experiencing sweltering heat? Humidity so thick that you can swim through it? Never fear, ice cream is here! SX and I were in desperate need to cool down after walking around the Friday Sunday Fair. We stopped by to grab some sweet, creamy goodness. I had a single scoop (more like a whopping big scoop) of the Blackberry Crumble ice cream. SX, somehow in his delusion from the heat and humidity, decided to order a double scoop of strawberry oreo and pistachio. The double scoop presented itself in a very large cup (I don't remember but like a 8 or 12 fl oz cup). It was virtually impossible to finish (it's tough enough trying to finish a single scoop, which is more like a double/triple scoop). It seemed sacrilegious to throw it out. The ice cream was creamy as it should be. This place has a lot of oreo flavors, so if you're an oreo lover, this is definitely a place you should stop by for a scoop if you're in the area.  This place is very small. This is the only problem I really have with this place. Seating is tight.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,9/8/2011,332,181,,4,3>This place was a total surprise for a Bmore spot. I felt like I had stepped into an upscale Vegas hotel sushi bar. The decor was amazing: cool lighting, dark hardwood floors, eclectic, modern seating, etc. The bathrooms were so cute too, with individual glamour vanities for us divas. What was even more surprising was Tatu was virtually empty. Only a few tables had patrons, and a couple of people scattered at the bar. The DJ looked so lonely in the back!We settled in at one of the luxe sofas nestled in by another bar in the rear. It's a perfect place for a date night or a girl's night out. I chose some maki rolls at the suggestion of our hot waiter and they were delish. The cocktail I had was also pretty good. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu. Probably during happy hour.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,9/7/2011,65,60,4,10,5>I attended this restaurant during restaurant week, so got the limited menu.  To my delight, it included two appetizers and one entree, instead of the typical one-one-one ratio including dessert.  Thus, between the two of us, we had nearly half the menu (including the extra appetizer we ordered a la carte, since... well, we really wanted it).It's hard to say what my favorite thing was, because everything was so outstanding:  southern fare with a twist, and a bit more elegance and art than plain old collard greens, fried chicken, and corn muffins (not that there's anything wrong with those, of course!).  I'd have to say I was partial to the beef carpaccio as well as the chilled corn bisque.  My boyfriend had the outstanding idea of dumping the leftover crumbs from our cornbread into the bisque, and I really enjoyed it!  It had little fried bits in it (chitlins, I believe) which were the perfect balance to the creamy, slightly sweet corn.For entrees, we had seared tenderloin with a mustard sauce and potatoes.  It was cooked to perfection, and the mustard sauce was much more complex than is typical of similar fare; it was really more like a gravy.  The other entree was a crispy duck breast that was to die for!  Very salty, but really well-done.  It was served with amazing cheesy grits -- again, a perfect balance.Although the food is what sticks out most in my mind, I'd be remiss in not mentioning the outstanding service.  Our waiter was professional, friendly (but not too chatty), and knowledgeable about the menu and wine list.  He also obliged our request to speak with the chef after we'd told him how much we loved the meal.  The ambiance was quite nice too, very warm and inviting with a variety of different seating options.I'm writing this review a little late, and my boyfriend stole the menu I'd taken with me (he's a chef and uses them for ideas for new dishes), so unfortunately it's not as detailed as I'd like.  However, I just wanted to let the world know how much I enjoyed this establishment!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,9/6/2011,175,161,18,18,18>Professor Higgins & Colonel Pickering would be proud: "Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind. Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind. Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind." Sure. It's a lot easier saying it three times fast now. But during the Live Jazz Brunch UYE in honor of Reena M of Yelp Vancouver at Meli my alcohol addled intellect could barely piece together a simple sentence as I jabbered incessantly to Rob N about everything. And nothing. "Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind." Mrs H and I didn't meander through any labyrinths to reach Meli's Minoan Room. A simple staircase lead us down to a very relaxing space for leisurely drinking and dining with friends. A jumpin' jive live jazz trio was there kicking it out both smooth and hot. Our servers weren't markedly aggressive Minotaurs, but pleasant and attentive if mildly taken aback by our large, gregarious Yelpie grouping. I liked my Vanilla Scented Waffles ($8.95) with honey, sprinkled with cinnamon, and enhanced by dreamy dollops of whipped cream. I also enjoyed my Maple Sausage ($3.95) very much. And there was no finer ending to my meal than their soothing cup of coffee & crema gratis.   "Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind." Oh. Did I mention Bottomless Mimosas ($15)? I think I enjoyed about seven of those VERY strong as I like 'em concoctions. Honestly, it's more accurate to say I lost count after about seven of those VERY strong as I like 'em concoctions ;-) Mrs H and I had a wonderful time with wonderful Yelpers, congenial, hard working servers, engaging atmosphere, good food, and great drinks at a wonderful Sunday brunch in Fells Point. I'd be more than happy to return for a shot at Rob N's Crispy Duck Confit ($14.95) or the Riverbank Smoked Salmon Plate ($10.95).   "Many mimosas in the Minoan Room mangled my mind." By Jove, I think I've got it! This review brought to you by "Pygmalion" and the letter M.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,9/5/2011,179,576,3,4,4>My friend and I were on a mission to find a dive bar and were happy to discover that we were only a few feet away from One-Eyed Mike's. The atmosphere was just my speed, the patrons friendly (maybe drunk but friendly nonetheless), and the bartenders knowledgeable. We did not buy into the Grand Marnier club but we did talk to someone who did. My first thought was, "Why would someone be proud to own a bottle of that? Isn't that a fruity liquor?" After taking a shot of the stuff (which was easy enough to procure from our new drunk friend), I realized I was wrong. There may have been a reason he and his friends were in the state they were. Our bartender, Jimmy, served our drinks strong and approached his job with just the right amount of sarcasm that I appreciate. I, being the indecisive one that I am, let him handle my drink order. My only request was that it included the bar's drink of choice. My friend ordered an Irish coffee which was shockingly strong. Jimmy was nice enough to top it off with some whip cream to balance it out and even added more when it was gone. Talk about service!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,9/4/2011,290,462,6,10,5>I owe these people for raising the quality of my life. Cannot believe no one has reviewed them yet. The staff holds your hand the whole way through. You get educated about the procedure, get all the necessary screenings, get zapped by the magnificent Dr. Sonny Goel, and come back for followup checks at several weeks than months after the procedure. Crystal who works the front and sometimes helps zapping people is a wonderful character. Dr. Tham who does your check ups is personable and understanding. You get yummy free hot chocolate, tea, coffee, etc. when you have to wait. I can only think of nice things to say.Goodbye glasses, I will NEVER miss you. Before the procedure, I was practically blind. It's amazing seeing the world now with my own two eyes. I can swim at the beach and enjoy the scenery and people. I can work out or run in comfort without glasses pinching on my nose and ears when I wince. No more dirty and inconvenient contacts neither. And people can see me as me and not so much as a stereotype Asian nerd. Thank you LasikPlus for changing my life!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/3/2011,89,250,4,7,4>Looking for a little me time away from your kids?I love this place inside the Marley Station Mall.  It is complete with three bouncey structures of various sizes and a little play area for toddlers.  They have snacks for sale and socks as well (just remember to bring them for your little ones since they cost $2/pair).  The rate is $7/child and $4 for each additional child for 2 hours of playtime.  And if your kid is potty trained, you can leave them there and go shop!!  They have clean bathrooms with changing tables and a water fountain as well.  My favorite thing has to be comfy seating in the back complete with wifi.  I get to surf the web on my netbook while the kids leave me alone lol.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,9/2/2011,47,142,4,6,4>A huge purple banner hanging over the entrance proclaiming "You're in Ravens Country!" is an understatement. Far from a sports bar, Sabatino's is a solid red sauce joint and a quintessential Baltimore institution. The cigarette raspy waitress crew is decked out in decades old unflattering black uniforms. They draw a melting pot of ethnic clientele who know they will get the same service their parents received. The decor won't change for another twenty years. The maitre d doesn't blink when welcoming families with young children and with helping blue haired ladies down a handicapped ramp on their rascals after a 4:00 dinner. If you want foodie food, head across the street to Aldos. If you want to be ripped off with a laundry list of $45 specials, head a few doors down to Da Mimmos. Have proper expectations for the food.The bookmaker salad, complete with a generous allocation of shrimp, is a great start. Unremarkable Italian bread and foil packets of butter should be passed over. Competent family style portions and sides of pasta with watery sauce are coming your way. Shrimp juan and veal parm are bankable. The house red by the carafe will peel paint.Soak in the atmosphere as you enter food coma. Sabatinos is good for the Baltimore soul.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,9/1/2011,40,52,4,4,4>After a month of froyo splurging and taste-testing in Atlanta, I returned from my vacation to Baltimore, where there is a fraction of the number of froyo shops as there are in Atlanta. I'm lucky enough that my favorite flavor (tart) is a regular at Mr. Yogato, and that it tastes AMAZING. The flavor and consistency rival the more expensive, organic yogurt places I frequented in Atlanta. The interior of the shoppe is fabulous enough, but the creamy yogurt tops it off. I've had icy, watered-down tart yogurt, and that flavor really can indicate the quality for the whole shop for me. The downside is that, unlike the self-serve froyo shops, you have to pay much more for the toppings. They do have some free, like spices, sauces, and whipped cream. My favorite, the mochi, costs an extra dollar. But the yogurt itself is good enough that I didn't have to add mochi to be happy! Another bonus for the student discount! And if you're not a student, there's always trivia (we got to name the 7 horcruxes of Voldemort) or standing on one foot (on toes, eyes closed, much harder than you think.) My roommates and I must have talked to the employees for 20 minutes, because they're very friendly. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,8/31/2011,76,346,3,5,4>This is a great little swim club in Millersville.  It feels like a big family pool, and is never really overcrowded.The pool itself is a big "L" with a diving board on the foot of the "L".  Otherwise the water ranges from 3 to 6 feet, so it's great for swimmers of varying abilities.The kiddie pool is nice, too, for the diaper-wearing crowd.Shower facilities are OK, and they have a concession stand open on the weekends. The Good Humor man tends to visit, too.Memberships are quite inexpensive (under $400 a year) and liberal in terms of guests - it may be the best deal in the area.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/30/2011,59,13,5,6,5>I am echoing what most of the other Yelpers have reviewed, but this place is one of those places that redefines what breakfast can be.  We went for brunch and I had the pumpkin french toast.  Wow!  It was so decadent it could've just been a fancy dessert.  We also ordered the red velvet waffles.  Again, absolutely amazing!  The dining area where we were seated was alit by natural sunlight, and the restaurant had a very lively atmosphere.Honestly, if you are looking for a nice place to go for a first date maybe try Miss Shirley's next time because you'll be sure to get a second one.All in all, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Baltimore.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,8/29/2011,43,146,4,5,4>Seriously, how can people NOT give this place 5 stars? Oh, let me count the ways that this place DESERVES and EARNS 5 stars: 1. Service- BEST in town- and not just by "Baltimore standards"- this place truly has great service. Attentive and knowledgeable wait staff 2. Food- OMG- here is what I have in the several times I've been and can honestly say the best in Baltimore: ~Red Chili Calamari ~Clam Chowder- you can totally tell it is full cream- and you'll suck it down fast. sooo good ~Grilled Wild Copper River Salmon w/ Tomato, Artichoke, & Bacon Salad, Brown Butter- sooooo fresh and well cooked- melts in your mouth, no fishy taste (not that there should be...) ~Crab Cake - not the best in town but definitely a strong contender ~Shrimp and Grits Jumbo Shrimp with Creamy White Cheddar Grits and Cajun Butter Sauce- yum yum yum ~Key Lime pie- good but since I've been to Key West, I gotta be honest- good for Baltimore and so-so for Key West ~ Chocolate Chip cookies- people raved about them but I thought they were just so-so ~Oysters- I'm not a huge fan of oysters (the texture gets to me) but I must say that they are good here- and they have a great variety. ~Crab Mac-n-Cheese- before Oceanaire, I didn't know what Ambrosia tasted like, but this has GOT to be close.... ~Sauteed Spinach- good, typical 3. Drinks- servers know the wine and drink list and can pair nicely. Also, Brian at the bar mixes a MEAN virgin berry mojito- this was a go-to place for me when I was preggos. Yah Brian for making a drink that is not just a crappy mixture of fruit juice. 4. The bar area has a great HH drink and food menu- definitely worth checking out. Do know though that many will consider this an 'event' place as it is pricey- last dinner for 4 was $300 (and that was during restaurant week)- this should NOT ding it with regards to ratings. If you go here, don't expect McDonald's food or pricing- duh. Also, it IS a chain... my husband and I HATE chains and go out of our way to avoid them (like all of them, Target, Walmart, BB&B, Home Depot- you name it) and this is one place that we will patronize.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,8/28/2011,90,89,2,6,5>It's all about the bread.The fresh baked ciabatta is crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. It has just the right amount of leaven to keep the bread light and flavorful. The sandwiches are superb. The London Broil is a good bet for meat lovers: thin slices of medium-rare oven baked flank steak served with cheese, and fresh lettuce and tomatoes.The Italian sandwiches are great too. They offer a couple of varieties which contain different combinations of meats and cheeses. They possess the perfect combination of tangy veggies and savory meats and cheeses. The soups are also great! My personal favorite is the gazpacho. It is highly seasonal and is usually available only in the summer. It goes great with the above mentioned London Broil. It is super-chunky and delicious- filled with fresh tomatoes and cucumbers. The lunch hour can get pretty hectic as there is very limited indoor seating and no outdoor seating. I recommend going after the lunch rush so you can enjoy your sandwich in peace.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,8/27/2011,9,60,2,6,5>SO. AWESOME. You have no idea how terrible it is for a little Asian girl like me to be away from good Asian food for months at a time. Hopkins doesn't serve decent Asian food, and the Chinese carry out in Baltimore is a joke. Ajumma rose to the challenge. I love love love their bugogi and bibimbap. They even sell aloe drink! It was like homecoming for me, even though I'm not Korean. The lady who owns this place is so cute and friendly. It's a real pity they don't accept J-cash.I'll be back, again and again.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,8/26/2011,41,92,7,10,6>Some people are all about getting as much extra stuff in their tofu stews... but not me.  I have this dilemma because tofu stew is one of my favorites.  However, I get ever so slightly turned off by the head-on shrimp that peek out at me with their big beady eyes from my bubbling stew.  I mean, don't get me wrong, I LOVE shrimp.  It's not even the heads that bug me--I ask for them as tempura when I go out for sushi.  It's just that when the shrimp are in tofu stew, along with its other seafood buddies, they all usually take on an overcooked spongy consistency that I'm not a fan of....So why is it that most places in the E.C. area who serve tofu stew automatically dump a seafood mix into their stew?  I mean, thank goodness I'm not allergic to it or I'd be S.O.L.I've been a longtime fan of the Rockville and Annandale locations because they don't do this.  They also won me over with the noo-roong-ji + their cucumber (oy) kim-chee + their winter radish kim-chee (dong-chee-mee).  I also like their hotpot rice.  It might be mental but I think it tastes better.  You get to choose what you want in your stew, be it soggy spongy seafood or a refreshingly unadulterated combination of kimchee and some beef.  You also let them know how spicy you want it.  I can't tell you how thrilled I am that they opened a location so close by.  I got what I usually order:  Kim-chee soon-doo-boo, bo-tong mehb-geh (Medium Spicy).  I'd have to say that I actually think that it's a little bit less spicy at this location and will probably order the Spicy, next time.  There WILL be a next time.If your party is an odd number, I'd order down for an even number and share because their stew+rice portions are generous.  If it's still too much, they have to-go boxes ready too.I guess I should also mention:  Some people find this strange but I also don't put my egg in.  UNADULTERATED... that's what I go for.  So don't feel too bad if you actually like seafood in your stew. :P
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,8/25/2011,80,198,,6,3>On a warm summer Baltimore evening after two Happy Hour places, we (6 people) decided to kick it up a notice and try Thai Arroy out. This area of Fed. Hill has a good number places to eat and a good variety of types of food. So we picked Thai :) :) Thai Arroy is a small place, but comes with allot of flavor. We sat outside and enjoyed the people walking about and the weather. We all ordered very different things, I can only comment on what my GF and I ordered. We started with a green papaya salad, but we asked that it be vegetarian, no fish sauce or seafood. They were super accommodating and helpful. The green papaya salad was very tasty and fresh. My only draw back was they used ice burg lettuce which kinda killed some of the taste. Overall it was killer. For our meals I ordered the Chu Chee with Kai (Chicken) it was sauteed chicken, carrots, and broc. all in a red chili paste sauce with coconut milk! The food was very tasty, bursting with flavor. The chicken and Veg's were cooked just right, chicken was very soft and moist, no dryness here. Overall the meal was top notch, they cater to your spice level, some in our group couldn't handle allot and some good and they made each dish on a separate spice level. (For all you heat heads out there, they have a 4 choice tray of hot condiments, they def kick it up a notch!) My GF ordered fried Tofu, which was very good. The tofu was crispy but not hard and yet it wasn't too soft either... I'm not a fan of the flip flan tofu that falls apart on your fork, gasp did I say fork and not chop sticks!! The rice and veg's that came with the tofu were also fresh and seasoned perfectly. Overall Thai Arroy was a hit, everyone enjoyed the food, service, and atmosphere! The owner and servers were very nice, helpful and they def took care of us. I would go back in a heart beat :) Note: Thai Arroy is a BYOB place and there is liquor store a block away so even if you forget to bring something, you can easily go and grab some wine or beer (that's what we did) Heat's the name of the game...
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,8/24/2011,73,24,2,6,4>I've been training under Master Ives for a couple of years now and he is without a doubt the best coach I have ever trained with.  My job has taken me all over the US and I have gotten to train in CA, WA, TX and NJ, and Coach Ives has a rare combination of teaching ability, a high leverl, well rounded BJJ game, great wrestling, great striking and being part of Team Lloyd Irvin and so close to the main school in Camp Springs has been a phenomonal experience.When I started at Ivey League, I was over 240lbs after sitting around after an ankle reconstruction.  Not only was the staff at Ivey League willing and ready to help me get back in shape, but they provided a friendly, local, familial atmosphere to boot.  Within a year I was down to 195lbs, 50lbs from where I had started and my Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai and wrestling had all improved by leaps and bounds.If you are at all interested in learning a martial art, for self defense, sport, or just as something to keep you active, you won't find a nicer, more well instructed school around.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,8/23/2011,32,18,4,4,3>Magical...If I were a little girl, I'd NEVER want to leave. Hell, I'm 27 and I didn't want to leave! The fiancé and I ventured over to the Red Canoe after a suggestion while getting a hair cut at the Baltimore Chop Shop. We're VERY happy we did. Once we entered, it felt so comfortable, it was almost home. I was shocked to see the wonderland of a back patio! Beautiful flowers were in full bloom, and totally made me fall in love. The boy ordered a turkey apple wrap that was different and amazing. Full of flavor and sweetness. I had a panini that I sadly cannot remember its name, but it had chicken, mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil pesto. YUM! There were many sweet things to entertain, but we passed on those for today. We WILL be back to try them tho!If I lived closer, I seriously would never leave. Thank you Red Canoe for being you!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,8/22/2011,17,33,2,9,5>Knowing The Olive Room is associated with Baltimore's Black Olive restaurant, I knew I'd be in for a culinary treat. (I knew, for instance, to leave room for a sliver of  the city's best baklava.)I never could have guessed, though, when we made our Baltimore Restaurant Week reservations, I'd be in for a night so rich with atmosphere and memory.When we entered the rooftop dining area, we were seated at a long patio table overlooking the harbor. A lovely garden wall lined with pots of fresh herbs --- and even an olive tree -- gave the spot a private feel, perfect for our lively group of seven. The warmth of the spot and the company reminded me of a restaurant I dined at in Athens years ago...and the leisurely pace of dinner (fortified with plenty of red wine) followed suit. I felt like I had traveled back in time to a moment I dearly loved; the only thing missing was the whine of neighborhood cats!The food was absolutely fantastic. I had a tomato-based rockfish soup to start; the waiter explained the base was cooked separately, then heated dramatically to cook the fish at the last minute, which kept the rockfish firm and buttery. Mmm! My entree was a "Greek-style" pork chop, cut super thick and absolutely perfectly cooked; on the side was a cold cous cous salad with currants (quite nice). I also got a taste of my husband's lamb burger with fresh rosemary, tzaziki sauce, and some of the tangiest home-grown tomatoes I've ever tasted. Finally, the baklava: not too sweet, not too gooey...simple perfection framed by fresh fruit. So good.The Olive Room is a great addition to the Black Olive group. I've always appreciated their commitment to using organic and locally grown foods; the "simple is better" approach to their menu is always refreshing. This location is great, too, because it's right next to the public parking garage in Fells Point.  I'm looking forward to going back!
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,8/21/2011,34,300,2,6,1>I actually created George Martin's Grillfire page here on Yelp after I saw they were moving in across the street, so I guess it's fitting that I'm the first person to review it. My wife and I had dinner here last night, only the second night they were open. It was a great experience, and we'll definitely be back. If you can stand to read a detailed review, press on...Food: 3.5 stars. I would need to return and have more of the mainstay dishes (steak, seafood) to come to a real conclusion, but based on last night, it's approaching a four. The "Chili Pop" Shrimp appetizer was fantastic; not greasy, and the right amount of heat. I had the Wagyu burger, which was paired with a delicious and not-absurdly large portion of fries. It was cooked a perfect medium rare with a nice char on the outside. I've never had Wagyu beef before, and our waiter recommended not getting it done over medium, as it's leaner than most burgers. Definitely a good call there.My wife's Tuscan chicken was good, although there was some room for improvement. She felt the mozzarella would have been better suited as part of a mini-Caprese salad along side the dish, rather than melted on the top. The chicken was grilled perfectly, it seemed silly to cover it in melted cheese. Also, the steamed broccoli left a bit of water on the dish, which thinned out the balsamic reduction. The flavors were all there, but the arrangement needed a little work.For dessert, we shared S'mores, which you get to make at the table with a little Sterno flame. Great fun! The rest of the dessert menu looked good too.(I'll add the executive chef came out while we having dessert and chatted with us for a bit about the food. Clearly a passionate guy really interested in providing the best food to customers.)Booze: 4 stars. We tried two signature cocktails, the Grillfire Manhattan and the GM Bellini. The Manhattan contained a hint of maple syrup, which was surprisingly nice -- an effective use of sweetener. My wife's Bellini was good, but definitely not her thing. The wine list is short, but well rounded. I hate being overwhelmed with a massive list, so this was a big plus in my book.Service: 3 stars. Hard to judge this one, as it was the second night they were open, and our waiter's first night on the job. He was a bit stiff, but overall did a good job. There was a little confusion among the staff as to who was supposed to cover our table. After our waiter gave his spiel and left to get our cocktails, another waitress came over and started over like we just got there -- and this was after discussing with a third waitress whose responsibility our table was. I guess it's better than being ignored, but they definitely need to know their responsibilities to avoid "dead zones" in coverage. I think the service will only get better; they are clearly training their staff well.Ambiance: 5 stars. Wow. You won't believe there's a place this nice in Hanover and less than one mile from the general cheesiness of Arundel Mills Mall. Very clean, very modern; lots of stone and wood with some nice steel accents. I think the cocktail scene here will be great.Final note... they bring you a little finishing sweet treat when they hand you your bill. I won't spoil the surprise, but let's just say it's definitely not those cheap mints. :-)
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,8/20/2011,43,47,3,3,4>Hi. did you have payday recently? Do you have any money at all in your checking account? Please understand that when you go to Soundgarden, your money will not be coming back out with you. Their selection is unrivaled in new and used merchandise. Their prices are usually below Amazon for new items. For things that have been out a while or that they have used, you generally don't even have to do any comparisons - they have the lock on used movie prices. Every time I go into Soundgarden, I love the vibe. As someone who toiled in a retail music/movie store myself, I find it satisfying to go into a music store where the employees are elitist and their tastes are eclectic. The great thing is that they have everything, for everyone. Criterion collection section? Check. Kid's movies? Yep! Anime? Oh, definitely. TV Series? A massive wall awaits you.  They have a music selection that will make even the most hardened, grizzled black-metal aficionado turn into a giddy school girl. Were you looking for that very special, limited release EP that you tried to find on bit torrent and you realized that it didn't have any seeders and then you cried in your room for 3 months? Yeah, they have it. Oh, and it's only $6.00. And look! Right next to that is that OTHER incredibly indie CD that you need on your shelf to wash out he shame that you still own the LFO single. I have an extremely hard time visiting Fells Point without walking into Soundgarden and spending all of my money.  let me save you some internal struggle: You will have fun in this store if you're really in to music and movies. You will love the vibe, and you will dig the prices. What you will not like is the sound of your bank account balance bottoming out. But you know what? You'll have a really awesome haul to show for it.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,8/19/2011,38,100,3,8,5>I really like the Laughing Pint. This is the place to go with friends.They've done three extremely admirable things that other local bars in Baltimore should try - killed the TV, killed fried foods and made it about the beer.1.The TV is NOT the focal point of the establishment.~There are no wall-mounted TV's. Fantastic. No sports-on-the-telly bullshit to drown out conversation with good friends. No roving eyes watching stupid commercials. This is the place to go for really hanging out with friends.2. No fried foods off the menu.~The food is surprisingly good, albeit a little limited. It's bar caliber food but it won't harden your arteries. I've had the veggie panini, a salad and the nachos. The nachos were a bit expensive for what you get. Tastewise, they were all good/great accompaniment to the fine beer selection.3. Improved the draft beer offerings above and beyond Bud, Natty and Sammy Adams. They have a wonderful draught beer selection. Dogfish and Lagunitas! Yes. Top notch.My only complaint is that the pool table is really sad - It should be free to play that thing with any beer purchase.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/18/2011,66,81,15,8,7>If you like scaring your friends with a seemingly tough-ass bar, then come here. It's actually not at all scary, but out of towners might freak out a little what with all of the beards and tattoos and old Bawlmer regalia on the walls. I first came here with the kids from Charm City Swing, and since that initial refreshing (and slightly fruity) Magic Hat #9, I've been a weekly regular here. The food is unassuming but surprisingly well tended to, especially under the new chef, who made me a killer chicken salad with a liberal helping of bacon on it. You will like Frazier's if:1. You like to drink2. You like bacon3. You think tattoos are beautiful4. You like to play pool5. You are aliveYou will not like Frazier's if:1. You are on the wagon2. You have an octopus on your head3. You hate cute bartenders4. Pool tables give you flashbacks of unhappy times5. You are not aliveSometimes they have music here. If you're not into seeing a band, the front bar is closed off so you can enjoy your beard/tattoo/person with octopus on their head watching in more or less seclusion.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,8/17/2011,195,458,3,6,5>A date night with my hubby isn't complete without a good movie night.  We were staying at the hotel across the street and decided to do a pre-dinner movie (4:30) on a Saturday afternoon.  I'm sure glad we did!  I love that you can bring in your own food because I like to munch on honey nut cheerios during my movie and have yet to see it available at any theater.  When you walk in there are kiosks on the left (and plenty more around the corner if those are busy) or a ticket counter on the right.  Grab your tickets and hit the bar for a beer.  My hubby paid $5 for a small beer, but loved that he could sip a brew while enjoying a good movie.  The concessions area is straight ahead and the line was really long.  The popcorn smelled amazing!  They have the usual movie options along with crab cakes and gourmet pretzels.  $8 for two bottles of water is average at most places too.You have to walk down the stairs to get into the theaters.  We were about 10min early and there was plenty of seating, but I imagine it gets busy nights or rainy days.  The leather seats are a nice touch, everything was clean and modern with arm rests that lift, etc.  We were able to really enjoy our movie.  My major complaint isn't the fault of the movie theater at all, but more of the Baltimore crowd in general.  A 5 year old at an adult movie, a slob of a man who loudly ate one of everything the concessions had to offer right next to us and other patrons bringing in outside food with loud wrappers that were impossible to ignore.  Does anyone consider others anymore?!  I would love to go back here next time we are in the city and want to see a movie.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/15/2011,92,183,4,7,4>After inheriting boxes of books that I could not use I headed to the Book Thing. They are only open on Saturdays and Sundays from 9-6 but they took all my donations. When you enter the building the books are arranged nicely into sections and categories. They have old books, new ones, magazines, etc. Some are in great condition others have seen better days. But that's ok with me because it means someone actually probably read them. They had a science fiction section where my friend spent most of his time. But I think everyone can find a section that they would like to visit. You really need some time just to walk around and figure out what you want to take. According to their website you can only take 150,000 a day. But if you are going to the beach and need some trashy novels or best selling paper backs you hit the jackpot. Whatever you need you can probably find it here. If you go now in the summer just a hint it is very hot in there. But I walked away with some good beach reads and some health magazines. I am going on vacation and can use the exercise articles when I return. It really was a fun place to hang out for a while. I liked watching all the people and their piles of books they were selecting.. I also learned that this place started at a bar while teachers were talking about not having enough books for their students. One thing lead to another. Being a teacher I can tell you things have not changed that much we are always looking for supplies, books, and equipment to make learning better for our students.Hats off to all the volunteers at the Book Thing . I know that Kindle sales are soaring but call me old fashion I love the feel of a book in my hand and turning the pages in anticipation..
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,8/14/2011,123,196,13,9,5>Hi!  Welcome to Glen Dirty, please try our drive through liquor store.  Ok I joke but in all seriousness, I LOVE that there is a drive through liquor store near me.  I don't have to take my children into a liquor store where they could break things and see creepy people.  If you choose to do so, you may go into the store and make your selection, but it is an option to do drive through.  This is a rough place, there is no if and or butts about it, but if you're familiar with the area it's not as bad as it seems.  I still prefer to drive through than get out.  There is a bar attached to the liquor store.  It's locals bar for sure.  I've been in there maybe twice and not for long.  Lots of old creepy men and the bartender, bless her heart... didn't know how to make a rum runner.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,8/13/2011,19,34,5,5,4>I was kind of peer pressured into going here by some friends who insisted that it was the best BBQ in the area. I'm kind of glad I did...it was pretty delicious!Andy Nelson's is a fairly unassuming place that doesn't even look like a restaurant from the outside; truthfully, I drove by it twice because although I saw the sign, I did not realize that they actually have parking in the back of the place. It's kind of a weird setup. Once inside, it looked like my Grandma's basement, circa 1985. But you're not really going here for a fancy date, are you...?Counter service, you pick up your own food then bring it to your own table. Plenty of seating as there are additional buildings/seating outside. Lady behind the counter was surly and quick, but you kind of need to be for a place like this.Pulled pork sandwich was totally delicious. The meat was so tender that it practically melted in my mouth. You get your choice of BBQ sauce on whatever sandwich/meat you order...I was boring and stuck with the regular Carolina, but it was still tasty and had a vinegary bite to keep it from being too typical and tomato-ey. My companion's beef brisket sandwich was also terrific, but not as good as the pulled pork, imo.Sides were boring. Potato wedges were the usual...pretty much the same as you'd get at KFC. The baked beans, like other reviewers have said, are a little strange and can throw you off. I thought they were pretty good but I also went into it knowing they wouldn't be typical.Cheap...our dinners, plus drink, were about $8-9 each.We also had a strange dining experience when a very large family, straight out of church (this was on a Sunday), sat at the table next to us and rather conspicuously were talking about how strange looking I was and that I must be "from the city!". I guess this isn't really Baltimore anymore, y'all.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,8/12/2011,130,171,,6,2>Slowly but surely I'm transforming my father into a foodie, so I can't claim credit for finding this place on my own. I'm always a bit embarrassed when I'm so late to find a place that is not only highly rated with a lot of reviews, but has also been featured on the Food Network. Once I ventured to Di Pasquale's, I quickly realized what all of the hype is about!It originally started as a neighborhood market and continues to serve its original goal. But it's also evolved into a restaurant that people should (and do!) drive to get to. An authentic Italian deli, it has more options than I could count but what I believe most lunchers opt for are the sandwiches. Since it's off the typical beaten path, the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food they pile high on your plate. The Real Italian sandwich is unreal-- salami, prosciuttini, mortadella, capicola, and provolone cheese-- the freshest I can remember having. I also tried the Santino (prosciutto, mozzarella, olive oil, basil and tomato) and it too was fresh and piled high with ingredients. The atmosphere inside is upbeat and friendly-- each customer is treated like a local regular. There's a nice sized area to eat your lunch if you don't want to get take-out-- and there's an all Italian television for those looking for a true of an Italian adventure! I picked up a catering menu and highly recommend that fellow Yelpers look into this place if they're looking for some affordable and authentic Italian food.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,8/11/2011,74,28,4,9,6>I always have a story! The first time I came here, I was actually just leaving Pazo when I just so happened to bump into the place and I said "OMG, Ive heard so much about this place, I just never knew where it was"- I grabbed my friend by the arm and lovingly shoved him into the open doors where the soulful beats of the live band awaited us... Well, well, well... was I in for a serendipital treat. Teavolve is located right on the outskirts of one of my favorite neighborhoods, Harbor East- Landmark Theater is a blink away, cough twice and you're right on the water, hiccup three times and (via the ABSOLUTELY FREE Circulator) you'll be admist the Harbor- think, the Gallery, and the paddle boats. This are is great for just taking a casual walk, which is the primary reason I ran into it in the 1st place- We only had a few drinks this time but I knew I would be backkkkk!Upon my 2nd visit I walked into a crowded Teavolve with patrons enjoying brunch and a baby shower being held on the sidelines. I noticed the Refreshing combination of unique teas, as well as traditional café coffee house favorites displayed on the blackboard- I knew I was in for a treat...My primary reason for coming was to get online, study & get work done.... And..... Well how about that!: You can't use your laptop during Brunch hours (Sat & Sun; 9am-4pm) which makes sense since it was super busy. There were only 2 hours left of brunch so I just waited it out. Regardless, the free wi-fi is a nice touch, it allowed me to log onto Yelp from my phone so I can check-in and let you guys know about all the fun I'm havin'. I had the Blush Sangria and the White Sangria (Ginger peach tea infused) which were equally delicious (other yelpers suggested to purchase a Sangria pitcher, I personally like to try everything- and with four flavors available I had to attempt to try them all! ) The Red Velvet Pancakes were a smash hit! And came out quite fast considering the crowd... I actually ate 2 of 3 and gave my remaining pancake to a neighboring table, they wanted to try it. I am definitely a fan of them and will be returning no if's and's or but's. Let me complete this review by saying, I am an Omelet Aficionado. (I'm FAR from a morning person but I will wake up early if I know I have the proper ingredients in my possession to create a Love- Affair Omelet.) My wonderful waitress informed me of the "special omelet": Turkey bacon, Tomato, Spinach & Swiss Cheese. I got excited just thinking about the combination of flavors. Sadly upon delivery and after the 1st bites, I was sad & blue.... It lacked flavor- maybe they ran out of seasoning or something, idk-  overall and the eggs definitely tasted boxed. (Smh) Boy o' boy was I low-spirited. Nonetheless, the meal included Seasoned Potatoes, Diced fruit and Toast. I pray they get the egg situation together so I can bump up to 5 Stars!Overall a fabulous place to share a morning meal with friends, come solo to surf the web, or enjoy a tea or coffee favorite- with alcohol and without- LOaDs of seats and a tidy restroom as well..
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,8/10/2011,35,120,4,7,4>"Do you like drinking? Yeah, you like drinking, who the hell don't" - Uncle JemimaUncle Jemima would be proud of Corridor Wine & Spirits, because there seems to be nothing that this place doesn't have! About half of the warehouse (more warehouse than store) is devoted to wine, with the remaining half being devoted to beer, mixers, liquor, cigars and alcohol accessories. I'm not a beer aficionado, as I leave that job to my wife, but she has always been impressed with the selection and prices of the microbrews and local beers. You have the ability to create your own six-pack of beers from an entire aisle of singular beers.I'm more impressed with the selection of wines, as I'm always on the lookout for a reasonably priced white wine, as I have a few favorites that I've sampled from local MD and PA wineries. They frequently have tastings, but I've usually been on a mission to get a case for a party or to pick up a specific wine for dinner.My favorite thing about the wines is that they have a label which explains the taste, subtleties of each individual maker, flavors that it should be paired with, etc. These are a great help for someone like me who is just now getting into classy wines.If you are local to Laurel, there is really no reason to go anywhere else.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,8/9/2011,125,176,10,9,5>This place is LEGIT. Pros:- Friendliest owner. - Amazing fish tacos. The marinade that they used for the fish must be laced with crack or something. Really addicting. Fresh salsa, corn, and sauteed green peppers and onions.    - Everything just works in beautiful harmony. - Prices are reasonable. A chicken burrito costs about the same as one from chipotle with gaucamole. - But there is something in the sauce that just takes it to a whole notha level. Cons: Seeing your plate empty and wanting more because you just ate some crack sprinkled tacos and are now hooked for life.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,8/8/2011,93,214,,7,6>I love everything about this place! The decor, the friendly knowledgeable staff, the food presentation, the cocktail menu and the amazing creative menu!We went here for my birthday dinner. I like full bodied white wines that are not too oaky or dry. Our amazing server found me the perfect glass. (unfortunately, I don't know what it was.)We started with the Crostini del Fungi and Calamari appetizers. Both appetizers were nice size portions. The CROSTINI were THE BEST I have had since being in Italy. A wonderful assortment of wild mushrooms with truffle oil served on thick grilled doughy italian rustic bread, served with a creamy lemon sauce. The lemon sauce was so light and perfect that I wanted to lick the plate! The Calamari was served with more of the yummy lemon creme sauce and a marinara sauce. It was lightly battered and cooked perfectly.When they brought out our Caesar salads, I thought they brought us the wrong thing, but to my surprise, the salad was hiding underneath a crispy filo dough hut. The caesar salad wasn't as garlicky as I like, but it was still very good.I tried THE RILKE Cocktail - herby cucumber gin goodness - I can't wait to go back and have another! For entrees, my husband had the seafood ciopinno and I had the parpadelle with mushrooms and pork in a bolognese sauce. Both dishes were perfect. The seafood stew was a huge bowl filled to the brim with shellfish and wonderful tomato broth and more of that yummy crusty bread for dipping. All of the pastas are homemade at Sotto Sopra. My dish was wondeful - fresh ingredients, cooked to order and perfect.Our 6 YO had a half order of pasta with fresh roasted tomato sauce for dinner. I was so happy that they would allow a half order for a child. This is the first time we have gone out for something "fancy" and she has enjoyed the food! I would say that this place is appropriate for well behaved kids. If you have picky eaters or spastic wild children, don't come here.It isn't often that I so LOVE a server, but the lady that served us was the coolest chick ever. She knew so much about the food, the wine list, and was super super cool. When I think of our special night, I am left with a smile because of the fantastic experience the server created for us. (wish I could remember her name.)
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,8/7/2011,39,123,,3,3>We started off at the bar and ordered the $6 Calamari, along with the $6 Ahi Tuna. The calamari was a generous portion of perfectly cooked squid (including tentacles) tossed in sweet chili oil with picked peppers, a perfect combination. Unfortunately, the tuna fell a bit short. The tuna was a bit mushy and the side accompaniments were an after thought. After the bar, we moved to the main dining area to sit down for our main course. The menu offers your classic prime cuts of steaks, including the ribeye, filet (in three sizes), the NY strip, and porterhouse. There were also some steak specials including a Peppercorn NY Strip ($38.95), and a Filet Oscar (Crabmeat, Asparagus, Béarnaise $46.95). My fellow diner ordered the Lite Filet (served with Flemings Signature Potatoes), while I ordered the Ribeye.The steaks arrived on a sizzling hot plate, accompanied by clarified butter, and garnished with fresh parsley. Neither had that nice 'charred' crust that I am accustomed to; however, they were juicy and absolutely delicious. The ribeye was a nice 14 oz. portion, while the filet as described, was a 'lite' 6 oz. portion. The filet also came with Fleming's Signature Potatoes which are thinly sliced potatoes topped with jalapeño, sour cream, and cheddar cheese. The potatoes were good, but somewhat forgettable. We also ordered the Chipotle Mac N Cheese, which was nice, but maybe a bit too saucy.  The steaks definitely compensated for the somewhat disappointing sides. The menu also offers plenty of other alternatives to steak. Ranging from sole to veal to lobster, anybody will be able to find something catered to their taste.Our meal was finished with a molten chocolate cake with pistachio, raspberries, and ice cream. This cake was absolutely heavenly. Warm chocolate 'oozed' out of the cake as we broke into it. The pairing of the warm chocolate with the cold ice cream, and the salty pistachios was perfect.All in all, we were very satisfied with our meal at Fleming's. The steaks were amongst the best, and the customer service was top notch. In fact, during our meal, the manager came to our table and took a picture of my fellow diner and me. He later brought the picture to us in a Fleming picture frame, a nice gesture to top off our pleasant experience. From the rich, inviting, and modern atmosphere, to the premium steaks, lengthy wine list, and friendly staff, I will definitely be dining at Fleming's again soon.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/6/2011,125,325,4,5,7>If a guy took me on a date here, I might just marry him.The wine selection is lovely, the ambiance matched, as well as the service. There was even a fiddlehead fern appetizer when I went last and it was just divine. The cheese plates are nice and the dessert was a fun way to end the night. I didn't go for any entrees, just nibbled on some starters and dessert.If you go late enough, there isn't a wait. Who doesn't enjoy a late night snack with wine?
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/5/2011,46,149,2,4,5>We found this place today, on my birthday.  My girlfriend was going to take me out for all you can eat crabs.  Then we hit traffic.  I suggested we just find some other place.  Therefore, I opened Yelp on my iPhone and found this place with the high reviews quickly.I am glad we did.  I had a cup of the crab soup (3 stars) and the Boatyard Surf (5 stars) and Turf (4 stars).  The soup could have been spicier if you ask me.  However, they do have shakers of Old Bay on the table.  Therefore, I could have easily made it spicier and then given it 4 stars.  I asked for the steak medium and it came out exactly medium.  No more, no less.  The real winner here was the crab cake.  All lump crab meat and basically no filler, the usual spices and such.  However, this was hands down, an excellent crab cake.  I say 5 stars only because that's what I'm limited to.  Nevertheless, I personally think it deserves 6 stars.The only negative I can find out this place is in the flags.  There is a University of Maryland flag and a University of Virginia flag.  Being the Virginia Tech Hokie that I am, I had trouble giving my business to fans of UMD and UVA.  I almost want to knock this review down to 0 stars for that.  However, I realize no one is perfect.  The food deserves the five stars.  The atmosphere would deserve 4 if they would add a Virginia Tech flag.  But, I won't let that sour my star rating... This time.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,8/4/2011,157,175,3,7,5>Was very excited to find this little spot. I work in Columbia, and often need places to venture to on lunch breaks. While I must say I am often guilty of last minute running to Borders or B&N before a beach trip, I decided I would do a little research and see if I could find a used book store. Second Edition was exactly what I was looking for! They have just about everything, as well as used CDs/Movies I didn't have time to look at the movies but will definitely come back! I purchased a "membership" which allows you to get every 4th item free! As well as 10% off. Books are half off of what the barcode prices says on the back. What a bargain! Will definitely be returning!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/3/2011,131,357,,6,6>The Senator is a classic Art Deco movie theater and Baltimore landmark. I love it because it takes you back to a time where going to the movies meant going to a theater with a single screen. I love the huge screen and how it is revealed after the golden curtains are pulled back. This theater has 800 seats plus a private room in the balcony. It has a great sound system, too. The great thing is that is under new management (the folks at The Charles) and is in the process of being restored to its former glory. It really is a great place to see a movie premiere at midnight or any film that has special significance. I give it a 4 star rating because the old soft seats just aren't super comfy after an hour or two. It would be great if they accepted credit cards, but alas, that is just part of the experience. I can't wait to see the final renovation!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,8/2/2011,47,129,3,10,7>Repeat after me:Corned beef, rye, mustard. PERIOD.What can I possibly say about this place that hasn't been said before? Attman's is an institution that I feel lucky to have. This isn't a just a sandwich shop, this is a real Jewish Deli, on par with New York's finest. And it's in Baltimore!The meats here are unctuous: fatty, salty, rich in flavor. Along with the holy trinity of basic sandwiches, I recommend the Lombard Street: hot corned beef, hot pastrami, chopped liver and russian dressing; the President's Special: hot New York pastrami, sauerkraut and melted swiss with russian dressing; and the whitefish salad. Try a latke with both sour cream and applesauce: soooooo good.Please, eat in Kibbitz Room if you can. These sandwiches are so good they need to be enjoyed on the spot, and the Kibbitz Room just adds to the experience. Grab a Doc Browns soda (celery is my favorite) and sit yourself down, immerse yourself with the walls which hold decades of milestones throughout the history of the shop. Congratulations, you've discovered the real Baltimore.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/1/2011,121,240,,6,5>The biggest draw to the Rowhouse is the food. It is fantastic! Tess is a great chef and is always coming up with some fabulous food options. I can mostly comment on the starters food-wise as I am usually meeting a friend for drinks and a small meal here.Some of my favorites are the guac, tuna sashimi (which you can order as a small meal), Row Row shrimp, and the artichoke dip for starters. For a meal, they have a salad that's usually on a daily specials meal with fruit in it and that is really good. Also, I've had the flat iron steak and the salmon with chili glaze. By far, the salmon is my favorite. It is cooked perfectly and the glaze is just right. If you get the steak, expect BIG. The steak took up half of my plate, so it was worth the price I paid.For drinks, the beer selection isn't huge but is fine. (And they have Boh on tap! YEY! Although, they do not have it in cans, which is what I prefer). The owner's step father owns Heavy Seas, so that is always available. The martinis are good, too. I love the Thin Mint one the best.If you ever go to the Rowhouse in the winter, get ready for some warm, spiked, apple cider. It is just the right thing when you walk in out of the cold.Mondays are trivia, which make it packed, so if you want a quiet dinner try a different week-night. Also, you can always try the bar upstairs if it's full downstairs or you want to get away from the crowd. Although I do not like the artwork upstairs, it still has a great feel.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,7/31/2011,56,65,,5,4>Having lived in Canton the past 3 years, I've been to Mama's on the Half Shell probably more than 30 times for either dinner, drinks or happy hours and can honestly say it's always spot on. I've never had bad service from either the hostess, the bartender or the wait staff. The food is always delicious and reasonably priced and the drinks are never watered down. Some of my favorites there are the oysters on the half shell, crab cakes, mussels in old bay butter, steamed shrimp, the fillet wrapped in bacon, the salmon club, and the cream of crab soup with a fried soft shell in the middle. If you leave hungry it's your own fault cause the portions are more than enough to feed the average person.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,7/30/2011,257,225,3,4,6>Review of the Day 7/30/11!!!  The Wine Source is great. No need to stop anywhere else if you're looking for wine in Baltimore! HUGE selection and knowledgeable, helpful staff.  Everything is organized by region. I love the little section dedicated to just Maryland wines. They could use more Berrywine Plantation wines though, that stuff is tasty. Just like juice and made an hour from the city, in Mt. Airy, MD. Tons of beer, both chilled and not, and a full liquor/mixer selection (my favvv). They have computers that allow the staff (or you) to look up whatever you may be looking for and you can order it. Sweet! There is also a nice cheese & crackers selection. The girl working at the counter will let you sample any of the cheeses! Which is AWESOME!! She is incredibly knowledgeable about them too, as we had a lot of questions and asked her to suggest certain types. Everything from cow, to goat, to buffalo they have a wide range of selection. There are larger blocks to small sample size ones you can purchase.They are also open on Sunday which is awesome since, ya know, Baltimore is strange and doesn't sell alcohol on Sundays. Whomp whomp. So when you're looking for a glass of wine to wind down from weekend activities, or to ready yourself for the work week (?!) go here.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,7/29/2011,141,69,5,7,5>I think most people can agree that Woodberry Kitchen is the best restaurant in Baltimore right now.  Set in a converted warehouse and tucked away in Clipper Mill, Woodberry Kitchen is a stunning restaurant.  Think clean and modern, lots of large windows, exposed beams and brick, and steel.  The openness of the main dining room means the noise level can be grating when full, so if you're looking for an intimate dining experience, I would request a table in the closed off room set aside from the main dining room.  You need a reservation to dine here.  Both times I attempted to get a table without a reservation, I was told there would be a two hour wait.  Even if you have a reservation, a short wait (5-10 minutes) is not unheard of.  I suggest making reservations at least a week in advance.The food is memorable, local, organic, grass-fed.  The breads are baked daily in their large wood-burning oven.  My dinners here have always been excellent, especially the appetizers (notable are the crab pot and the pork buns), but the brunch is how Woodberry Kitchen truly won my heart.  Mmm, maple latte.  On Sundays (Why only Sunday?  Why not Saturday as well?) they serve the bakeshop in a basket, which features one of each of the weekly pastries from the menu.  One time they had a beignet with sour cream ice cream served over it.  I still dream about that beignet.  The crab benedict is divine.  I usually order the Morning Hangover, which is pulled bbq pork on a biscuit (made fresh in house).  It also comes with a fried egg and roasted potatoes.  It's my version of the perfect comfort food.The service is always impeccable.  They offer free sparkling water that they carbonate themselves.  Everyone who works there is good-looking in an incredibly wholesome kind of way.  The men wear flannel shirts and black jeans and the women wear gorgeous aprons.  They are also the only restaurant I know of in Baltimore that offers a substantial gluten free menu, including gluten free breads that they make themselves.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,7/28/2011,48,147,1,6,3>My mom used to bring me to the Farmer's Market when I was in a stroller! Yea, it was here loooong before the days of buy local and go green!Over the years it has grown tremendously, and now has hot food, clothing, jewelry, decorative items, and of course a huge selection of produce. Some places are a little pricey but you're paying for the freshness and supporting local businesses, which I think is worth it.I was there this morning and tried the falafel stand for the first time... it was quite tasty. $8 for a whole, which my mom and I shared and it was enough. I'm getting hungry again but I had it about an hour and a half ago so I guess I'd consider it a snack. Everyone at the stand was super friendly!We also tried the hummus stand for the first time too! OMG! Raisonet hummus?!?!? Sounds strange but it was delicious! That will be my new, healthy dessert! Lemon Poppyseed, Asian Fire and Mango Curry were also delicious! We always get fruit from Reid's Orchards and I can't think of it's exact name, but the pickle stand is a huge crowd pleaser! You'll know which one it is because they always have a really long line. I've yet to try Zeke's coffee, maybe next time. There's a granola stand too across the street that is great as well!Ok, enough, just go savor the local flavors and finds, I don't think the Baltimore Farmer's Market could disappoint!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,7/27/2011,0,102,7,4,7>I've had the pleasure of coming to Petit Louis quite a few times in the past 8 years, and recently had the chance to finally go for brunch, so I saw it fitting to write a review for the place!First thing's first. The brioche here is great. It's the bread you get when you sit down. The high egg and butter content in it gives this French pastry its rich and soft consistency! They give you warm butter and sea salt along with it, so give it a try. Adding some butter and crumbling just a little pinch of sea salt gives it the perfect complementing taste. If you're going to get an appetizer, definitely go for the french onion soup. While it's a bit pricey, it's worth getting at least once. I've had it before so I didn't get it with my brunch(plus it's basically a meal), but all those in our party who ordered it, LOVED it. I ended up going with a special appetizer of the day, which was a slow roasted pork that is chilled and then layered under some duck fat pate complimented by some sort of pickled scallion bulb. For the main brunch course, I went with the Poached egg with Jumbo Lump Crab dish. Some of the others in our group went with the popular Steak Frites and as well as the Croque Monsieur. I have had both of those before and everything was delicious. Portions are solid and quite filling as well. Love the coffee here as well(had like 5 refills). Overall a great place. Also, be sure to check out some of the other reviews below as you'll find consistency in them which is a good sign for a good restaurant. One more thing, does anyone else find it extremely hilarious that one of the reviewers wrote that this restaurant was "too pretentious" and yet ended their review with their name followed by:  ",M.D."??? Not trying to call them out. It was just probably the most entertaining/ironic thing i've seen on a Yelp review in quite a while. ;P
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,7/26/2011,334,725,2,6,6>This is the best Chinese food I've had since I traveled to Beijing and is the nicest, cleanest, and most comfortable Chinese restaurant that I can think of. We made reservations on a Tues for 12:30pm for 12 people and it wasn't busy. They put us in the back room with the karaoke machine and our Chinese friend sang a few songs. My group ordered out of the big Chinese menu (very nicely laid out with pictures) and skipped the smaller American menu. We finished almost all of the food family style and never felt sick or like we ate too much oil afterwards. The prices are a little high for a Chinese restaurant but it's worth the quality food. All of us ate for $20/person including tip and that was for at least 15 dishes. 5 stars:- Dry fried string beans with ground pork (just a little pork for flavor)- Beef on toothpicks (fried but not oily, served with a little spice and cilantro)- Fried tofu (very flavorful)Also tried more than we could fit on the table. Here is what I can remember:- Kung pao chicken (good flavor, not too sweet, too salty or too peanuty)- Shizitou (tiger's head) which isn't tiger at all but really tender soft meat balls steamed...it was good and came with some steamed green vegetables on the side- Several types of pork dishes including...- Mao's braised pork with brown sauce (good, especially for those that like fatty flavorful chunks)- Pork dish in the hot black bowl (would rather have the pork dish on the plate- Chicken and mushrooms (mushrooms were delicious but watch out for the chicken bones)- Shredded chicken dish (we thought it was going to be more exciting and ordered two of these...didn't finish one of them)- Sweet wine with rice balls for dessert: had a hint of sake smell and very mild and mellow. I liked the mochi rice balls but wanted more. good thing we had brought our own cake from next door for dessert. I don't think these will disappoint and want to try next time: - Chrysanthemum fish- Eggplant in clay pot with garlic sauce- Stir fried frog legs
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,7/25/2011,103,142,13,11,9>This is some outstanding food, but let's be very clear with our expectations, shall we?Unless you show up on a weekday at 7 am when they open, you ARE. GOING. TO. WAIT.  Bring your patience.  You're going to wait for a table.  You're going to wait to get served.  You're going to wait for your utensils.  You're going to wait for your coffee.  You're going to wait for your food, and you're going to wait for your check, and you're going to wait to pay.  Just resign yourself to it now: You're going to wait.  If that's a problem: If you've got an appointment, or afternoon plans,  or you're the type who can't stand beholding inefficiency and you're just SURE that you could do better, or you used to work for TGIFridays and think they just need a PLAN, this place isn't for you.  Might I suggest Jimmy's?  They're one block east, and one block south, and they serve a very tasty (though very different) breakfast, and they know how to turn tables down there.I love the Blue Moon.  And part of why I love it so much is because they know who the hell they are, and they're not making any apologies for that.  They've got nine tables, and they've got a certain pace and a certain sort of attitude, and no, they're not going to grow, and they don't care about your opinion or your irritation.  They're happy the way they are, and that's just fine.  You either accept them, or you leave.  Usually in a snitty huff.  And I suspect they secretly like that, too.So, for those that wait and bring their sense of humor and their sense of perspective, the reward is some spectacular breakfast food.  Yes, everyone raves about the Cap'n Crunch french toast, but I've never had it.  I can't get past their egg dishes, and their hash browns.  The hash browns are the best I've ever had.  From your first bite, it's abundantly clear that these are made from shredded, boiled potatoes.  They're completely cooked and starchy, and what happens when they hit a hot griddle is simply golden, crispy magic.  I can't recommend them enough.  Add to that some tasty sausage gravy and eggs, or maybe eggs, crabmeat and hollandaise and....well, it's heaven on a plate.  Oh, and the coffee is outstanding, too.But yeah.  You're going to wait.  Get over it.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,7/24/2011,42,172,3,4,5>Been getting my smile on at this bar for many years now, Years ago one fall evening shooting partners in pool with an old friend, we drank pitchers of double diamond ale beating everyone who challenged us,making triple rail shots, 3 ball combo's, we were unbeatable,I've never played so well and haven't since.The double diamond ale is no more but what hasn't changed is this is a fun place to hang out.  They offer a variety of Oliver Ale on tap as well as the usual bottled brews. Their menu is small with staple bar food just enough to sway the hunger away. I had Mrs. Rooney's Chili (6.50) with beef chili topped with onions sour cream and mixed cheeses. Served in a sourdough bread bowl.it was tasty and satisfying. I may try the wings my next visit.The jukebox has an eclectic mix to satisfy most, lots of cool stuff.I also dig the huge fireplace in the back, great place to gather with friends in the winter smashing mugs together getting your shine on..Great vibe and reasonable drinks.two thumbs up for the Wharf Rat!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,7/23/2011,18,133,,6,4>The Walters has been my favorite museum in downtown Baltimore for a while, and certainly one of the highlights of any visit to the city. Located right in the heart of the Mount Vernon neighborhood, the museum is only a short 10-15 minute walk away from the inner harbor and close to all manner of restaurants, theaters, and quirky book stores.As to the museum itself, one of the important things to note is that it is free, but certainly does not mind a voluntary donation if you like it. For that princely sum, you get at least a half day's worth of exhibits for all tastes, my favorite being the ancient history section.The collection, beyond your usual oil paintings (for people who like that sort ot thing), is organized in a very logical way, with one floor featuring all the antiques (Greco-roman, Ancient Middle Eastern, Egyptian), another the middle ages. including muslim and European tribal pieces, which are quite fascinating to behold, and a whole separate building (only accessible on certain days unfortunately) holding Asian art.The museum further holds a variety of events throughout the year, including jewelry exhibits and children's days, as well as special traveling exhibitions. The latter do, of course, cost some money, but are often worth it to see something different outside the big cities.So, if you find yourself in Baltimore with nothing to do or a rainy day outside, come to the Walters and have a look around. You won't regret it.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/22/2011,51,204,5,5,4>This is one of my favorite spots in Baltimore. I almost always get the same thing - David's Favorite: a salmon and cream cheese omelette with olives, except I get rid of the olives. I get their home fries and toast, and a cup of coffee, and occasionally, I'll get some orange juice. It's enough breakfast for a man, and possibly a very small man who accompanies him.I've tried a few other things on the menu, and they're fine, but the David's Favorite is a glorious mountain of excess, and it's not very expensive. Everyone I go with tries something different, and digs it. I've converted several friends into making this a regular breakfast spot, and I've even dragged a few haters into admitting they came into liking it.The wait staff is a bunch of friendly hipsters, and I've never had a single bad experience. Their rules for paying (no splitting the check amongst several credit cards) might deter some, but I'm used to it. The interior is a myriad of action figures and mannequins nailed to the wall, and the furniture is a bunch of old mismatched wooden chairs and formica tables, and possibly a few church pew benches. Window display cases hung on the wall display Burger King Star Wars glasses, Happy Meal toys, and Matchbox cars. Last I checked, the bathroom door doesn't lock, so drop a deuce at your own risk. I think that went unfixed for something like 3 or 4 years. The tables are pushed a bit too close together, and it's rare you won't exchange looks or smiles to your neighbors. It's a hipster joint for tourists, hipsters, students, suburbanites, and so on. And it's fantastic. Sure, they have a few rules, but in this rare instance, I think you should play by them. It's well worth it.And, please, if you can, when you visit, bring along a unique toy to donate for their wall. It's cool to be able to know part of you is in the restaurant.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,7/21/2011,36,108,7,12,6>Uhhh, hi. Where has this place been all of my life? Why does this restaurant seem to take up an entire block UNDERGROUND? Why is the food so good? And why do they give you so much of it? When walking down (yeah, it's in a basement/dungeon area) to this place for dinner on a Friday night, I was completely taken aback. The ceilings are low and when first walking in, you see a series of small dining rooms, filled with people. It's like you've stepped into some alternate universe. I had to leave a trail of crumbs when walking to/from the bathroom. After wandering mindlessly, I found my friend's table and proceeded to be very impressed by our service and food. It's a bit pricier but if you're looking for a night on the town, it's worth it. However, I wouldn't really recommend this place for vegetarian's. This restaurant is like meat central. Meat HQ, if you will. It's all delicious-- but just a warning. Moral of the story: eat here. I promise you won't be disappointed. And the leftovers will last you for days.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,7/20/2011,9,41,4,5,3>Going to this place was actually a little whim of mine. I saw the bakery sign and I thought to myself, "OMG, I have to go in."When I walked in, I just thought that the shop was so adorable. It's small and feminine-ish. There were a variety of baked goods on display. I just wanted to try everything. But, of course, I couldn't. So I decided on just getting a macaroon and a cupcake. It was my first time having a macaroon so I was a bit skeptical about how it would taste. I can definitely say that I was NOT disappointed. It was delicious. My cupcake was SO fresh. In fact, it was still warm as if it had just come out the oven not too long ago! It was also very good as far as the cake itself and the icing. What I love most about this place is it's consistency. Consistency is VERY important to me when it comes to bakeries and restaurants. In this case, I went back and both the cupcake and macaroons was just as good, if not better, than the last time I had went. Granted, I've only been twice so I don't know how credible it makes me as far as it's consistency, but I was happy with what I had gotten both times I went so I guess that counts for something. I would like to end with this statement made by my grandmother (who was unimpressed with the bakery at first glance) after she tried a cupcake from this bakery. I think it's the thought that most have after trying something (particularly the cupcakes) from this bakery: "Damn, this cupcake is GOOD!"
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,7/19/2011,93,199,2,6,4>Power Plant has made some serious upgrades since the beginning of the year. Mosaic has expanded with a larger outdoor area and stage, Baltimore Comedy Factory has been added and there is still more to come by the end of the year. My favorite new addition is PBR. It opened a few months ago and I've been quite a few times and have yet to be disappointed. It is on the upper level next to Angels Rock Bar. If you are a fan of country music, then you will definitely love this place. You will love it even if you aren't a huge country fan. The dj mixes up country with Top 40 and hip hop music so there is something for everyone. The girls that work there wear sexy chaps that show off their red booty shorts while they dance on top of the bars to certain line dances and get the crowd pumped. There are three bars as well as a beer tub stand so you have plenty of choices to grab drinks. The best thing about PBR is the mechanical bull that all the drunken guys and girls attempt to ride. Some are pretty good, but most only last a few seconds. There are tvs all over the place with a live view of the bull so everyone can watch even if they aren't near the action. If you aren't brave (drunk) enough to get on for a ride, it is great for just people watching. I could probably watch that all day long. They tend to go easier on the girls and make it a rougher ride for the guys.Cover charge is $10 on Fridays and Saturdays, but if you friend them on Facebook or sign up for their emails through their website, then you can usually score a sweet happy hour deal with free cover for you and your friends. Also, once you get in, you can go to PBR or Angels Rock Bar, so it's like 2 clubs for the price of one.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,7/18/2011,20,7,4,9,6>This is honestly my favorite bar.  My "Cheers", if you will.  Everyone knows my name (with the exception of a couple bouncers who refuse to acknowledge that they know me).  Occupying a corner location in historic Ellicott City, the Phoenix has been in operation over 25 years, though the building itself is much, much older.  You're greeted with a sign claiming that "Proper Dress" is required.  Don't be fooled, just wear what's comfortable to you.  The sign is a relic, probably over a hundred years old.During the day and evening, the crowd at the Phoenix Emporium tends to be older.  Usually couples and families browsing the antique scene in Old Ellicott City.  You can even browse the inside of the restaurant as you eat.  A lot of the decor, including tons of old Baltimore stained glass, are for sale.  All the food is good, but I usually go for the crab dip or Chesapeake wings, covered in Old Bay.  Visit after 7 PM on Thursday and they're only 25 cents each.The crowd changes a bit around 9 PM, as the dinner and drinks crowd leaves and the bar crowd arrives.  The Phoenix offers over 150 bottled beers.  Some of these are included on 'The List'.  Drink 99 beers at the Phoenix and you get a plaque on the wall, and a discount.  20% off everything and 50% off on Sundays.  I finished my list a little under a year, but legend has it that it was once done in 2 weeks.A constant stream of new seasonal beers appear every week or so, so the selection never gets boring.  Ask for Star, Patrick or Jessie if you want a suggestion.  If you haven't been here, this place is definitely worth checking out.  If you have visited, then you already know what I'm talking about.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,7/17/2011,5,18,7,11,18>Ralph (R.I.P.) used to pop Natty Bohs for me and my best friend before we made it past the threshhold. When I lived in Bolton Hill, they'd even deliver to the weird ex-funeral home where I lived with a pit bull and two marble fireplaces. I rocked the pinball machine back then. I'm old now, and have a family, so the Dirt Church really isn't my hangout. But when I go in there now--after five, six years away--the bartender *still* crack a Natty for me, without me asking. Time stops in the Tavern, and the dead walk among us. Not only the people who've passed, but our own younger selves in all their incarnations. All things are happening at all times at the Tavern. Nothing, and everything, changes there.Years ago I heard that the Tavern once had booths. When I was a young'un it was the fashion to steal their pint glasses (not that I ever did, of course). Novelty items can be had from the bathroom vending machine; hilarity always ensues. Their pizza is absolutely not to be missed, if you're on a three-day bender. Don't forget to tip and at 1:45, hit the bricks.Final note: if you're a native or even a MICA kid who might end up staying here for a few years after school, please, say what you will about the Tavern. If you're leaving after graduation, or a tourist, don't even open your mouth, because you cannot understand Baltimore if you don't understand the Tavern, and vice-versa. It's a mysterious place full of the sometimes unpleasant, sometimes beautiful past, present, and future.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,7/16/2011,150,543,4,4,5>How can you not like a place that isn't packed wall to wall on a Friday night? Finding a table was easy. Getting our order in was easy. Easy easy easy! On a Friday night, in Fells! Very rare indeed.The waiter was friendly, and checked in on us without being imposing. My cheese quesadilla was bigger then my face--I appreciate that. My man was overly impressed with his dinner, which I think was roast beef. He actually ate everything on the plate. The prices are reasonable, and they have good beers on tap here. This is a great place to spend an afternoon or a Friday night.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,7/15/2011,145,325,,7,5>I came here on a date with my girlfriend and have to say, I've never gone to a bar quite like Illusions.  We made reservations for a saturday night and came in about an hour before the starting show time (the bar was mostly empty but would fill up completely over the next hour).  We were promptly greeted by the owner, Ken, and after chatting a bit, were sat down literally in front of where his son Spencer was to perform.By the time we finished looking at the drink menu, Spencer was behind the bar and took our orders.  We ended up chatting with him for a bit.  It's pretty cool to have such a personal interaction at a bar.  The drinks were really good as well.  There was an asian-inspired mixed drink in particular that my girlfriend and i really enjoyed.  Unfortunately, we can't remember the name of the drink (sorry haha).  And of course $3 Magic Hats are nice too!As for the magic show itself, it was fun and entertaining.  The tricks were mostly card based but impressive nonetheless.  The use of actual audience members made it nice too (my girlfriend actually was an assistant for one trick).  And of course, the upside-down strait jacket trick proved to be a satisfying climax to the show.One thing to note: while the show's cover is a cheap $5, there is a two drink minimum.  While beer is cheap, the mixed drinks can quickly add up your total cost.After the show, the drinks were discounted so we ordered a bit more and continued to linger.  We got to chat with Spencer some more.  As we walked out the door, Ken stopped us with Spencer following behind.  They gave us one more magic trick involving our cell phone and a balloon.  Pretty cool. Overall, it's a great place to come by for some drinks and entertainment. I'd certainly make my way over again sometime, even if the tricks were the same as before.  Thanks Ken and Spencer for making one very memorable night out in Baltimore!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,7/14/2011,139,228,,7,4>I am a big fan of Biddle Street! Not only do they make delicious food (especially the crab dip! *drool*), but their overall service and presentation is impeccable. Ginny has been my point of contact there for years - I can call her up for any event and know that she and her team will take care of me. We can talk through an event for a couple of minutes and within the snap of your fingers, you'll have a proposed menu with options and breakdown of cost in your inbox. She's great at working within a budget, if needed, and even tweaking the menu slightly if there are specific food requests to be met. Her team always arrives when they say they will, provides friendly and efficient service throughout the event and makes take down go so smoothly. She is truly the best at what she does. I highly recommend using Biddle Street (ask for Ginny!) for any of your catering needs; you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,7/13/2011,336,288,10,7,13>"What to do for dinner, Dear", I asked my wife as she sat nearOn that cold and blustery winter's eve.Let's wander out of comfort's zone and stray to Canton from our homeTo try someplace new I do believe.Annabelle Lee's the place she spoke of had its share of good reviewsSo in our Soul all bundled  nice and tightWe headed to the intersection, Clinton and Fleet was our directionAnd on the corner sat its swinging light.Not much bigger than a tomb of which our Edgar Allen swoonedThe Annabelle Lee Tavern lies hidden, quite alone.Its little doorfront keeps it tidy black and white the colors mind meOf days gone by this place looks pretty old.And once inside you'll quickly note how small the tavern of which we spokeHolding barely 50 at its peak.The bar it takes the lion's share a few tables scattered way back thereA dozen and some at the bar sat cheek to cheek.It was crowded on this Friday's eve to every seat an ass it seemedWe took our stools and there we sat to waitFor nearly 30 minutes passed before finally we were told at lastThat  two seats at the bar were rightly ours to take.We sat upon the bar's end stools working hard to keep our coolWhen rapidly the barkeep had arrived.He took our orders with bearded smile making eye contact all the whileAnd soon our drinks had chased the chill aside.Our meal was started rightly so with crab dip flatbread we did gocrispy cheesy crabby goodness on a plate.While slightly filling, just a bit, we think you can't go wrong with itTo set the perfect tone on any dateThe turkey sandwich served open-faced pure Thanksgiving in a singular placeWas the perfect winter's dish, I kid you not.Mashed up redskins, cornbread stuffing, cranberries and gravy I'm not bluffingIt's all the good stuff crammed in one great spot.The chicken salad on Texas toast served with duck fat fries that many boastAre the greatest on the planet this I hear.But the salad's rich and creamy draw with its dainty side of blue cheese slawIs seasoned well and the best we've had in years.Annabelle Lee's is crampt indeed with insides tight as you will seeAnd chairs so close you can share your neighbor's plateOne part tribute to Edgar Allen Poe and two parts home cookin' nice and slow A visit to The Annabelle Lee is worth the wait.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,7/12/2011,119,457,9,6,6>After coming here, you'll be disappointed that your food isn't always served to you by sword-carrying men with funny accents.I ate more red meat here in the 90 minutes we were here than I have in possibly the past 6 months total. Others may tell you to skip the salad bar, but I thought it was reeeally good and even went back a second time when my body was dying for a vegetable after the first half of meat overload. Plus, any salad bar that has a giant bowl of bacon strips is not a salad bar to avoid. The caesar dressing was amazing.On to the meat... the majority was delicious. The filet mignon was my personal favorite... so good you could cut it with a fork basically, and I definitely turned my disc to green for more when I saw it coming around. Most of the other stuff was fine but not particularly memorable. I did not really care for the sausage or the lamb chops, but, whatever, more room for filet mignon.I could probably sit there for a few hours (with breaks of course) and eat just the filet mignon, the cheesy bread side dish (sooo amazing... like little bits of greasy, cheesy heaven), and the salad bar.We went at lunch time, and it was about $45 a person with one (non-alcoholic) drink.Definitely a great place to go if you want to sample a lot of different types of meat and get your protein fill for the month. Don't make any plans for the next 12 hours or so because all you will want to do is sit in sweatpants and drink copious amounts of water afterward.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,7/11/2011,83,138,2,4,2>Sly fox adds to a number of surprisingly fun and eclectic bar options along Fort. I have been there twice for Trivia on Wednesday at 9 which has been a good time. The general manager is a really nice guy and is the MC for Trivia. He does a really good job. One of my pet peves about trivia is when the guy who is reading the questions has the mic blasting and loves to hear himself talk so you can't actually hear anyone else for the whole hour or so of trivia. This guy is not like that.The beer is a quality selection of differnt types of drafts. There is a much larger and even more quality selection of bottles. The fries are deliciously seasoned. I had a medium rare burger which I have to say was just ok. It was a bit over done for the medium rare temp I ordered it but wasn't bad.Also they have nightly drink and food specials which are pretty good deals (like 3.50 blue moons on weds).Overall good beer and food selection and prices, nice atmosphere and quality staff.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,7/9/2011,40,37,9,12,8>This museum is utterly spectacular. Just driving up to the building, it's all sparkles and wild imagination, so you know you're getting something good inside. That crystalline Christmas tree and the mosaic egg have me starry-eyed every time I see 'em.There is a permanent collection of different pieces of American folk art and experimental visual expression. Paintings by mental patients, a giant mural within a mural... some of it is quite strange, all of it is eye-opening and stimulating.The exhibits that come through here are extremely cool. The one I saw when I went was called "What Makes Us Smile" and was diverse art ripples on the theme of comedy and laughter. It was fun and creative, displaying video clips of stand-up comedy, a throne crafted entirely of beer caps, a bench made of Whoopie cushions (yes, you sit on it), and so much more. There was a whole room devoted entirely to Patch Adams and his "laughter is the best medicine" philosophy. Literally everywhere you turn in this place is something else clever and new to look at, watch or play with. It's Wonderland!OH and I cannot forget two essential mentions for the AVAM. You probably think, as I did before coming here, that museum cafes and gift shops are always the same type of thing. Sandwiches and gelatos, art prints, old-lady jewelry and postcards. This is sooooo so so not that. First of all, "Mr. Rain's Fun House" (the museum cafe) is a princess, neverland dreamworld of a restaurant. They serve up delicious culinary experiments, like a crab and mango tartare with horseradish vinaigrette, delicious black-eyed pea cakes, and quirkier dishes like a roasted bone marrow appetizer with beet preserve (I was relieved to be a vegetarian for that one, but I was told good things by the waitress). Sparkling mobiles dangle above the bar, and the large window lets in lots of natural light.OK, THE GIFT SHOP? It's pretty much everything you could want in a store where you're not looking for anything in particular. Books of only the most amazing and interesting kinds. A mechanical stuffed pig that rolls around on the floor laughing. Magic kits and hats and candy and tons and tons and TONS of unbelievable costume jewelry... you could literally spend hours in there (I spent just about one, but my parking meter was running out).I cannot say enough about how magical this museum is. Plus the staff is accommodating and friendly, and have a cool alternative edge. The only downside is that you can't take photos inside the museum (although I snuck a few on my phone anyway, because I'm a rebel like that).This isn't the museum from Elementary school field trips past, and is a Baltimore must-see. Wild imaginations and open souls required.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,7/7/2011,188,675,5,9,5>This review is only for their dessert- Krispy Kreme bread pudding, it's awesomely delicious- every person I've taken here has LOVED the stuff.  Generous amounts of everything- get the Kitchen Sink where you can try the bread pudding WITH their brownie WITH their cookie (all house-made) with mounds of ice cream.It's DELISH!!  Service is always great and friendly too!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,7/6/2011,155,217,4,8,3>Cosmic bowling on Friday's for only $10?  Phenomenal.Dim-lit lanes surrounded by good music? Fenomenal.Clean men's bathrooms?  Phénoménal.Listen, I know I'm not a bowling professional; I won't be on ESPN anytime soon bowling (unless I'm in the stands watching).  However, I like to bowl; it's very stress relieving.  Brunswick Columbia Lanes is a great place to get your bowl on.  I never had any problems with the lanes malfunctioning, which seems to be a regular thing at other bowling alleys I go to (I see you, AMF).  The staff is pretty laid back but attentive, which is always good.I haven't had a chance to try out the food, yet.  Hopefully the food wouldn't negatively affect my rating of this bowling alley in the future.I'm pretty sure that you won't find a place in Maryland where you can a low price on bowling ALONG with a properly maintained facility.  Good job, Brunswick.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/5/2011,59,50,9,15,11>As a Pigtown resident, I've seen art galleries, restaurants & a coffee house open in the last year.  What's missing?  Cupcakes!  Okay, anything of the baked-goods variety, fine with me.  So I popped in to Tasty Creations Bakery on the Boulevard when I saw the "We're Open, Come On In!" sign.  All I've gotta say is, mmmmm.I bought a cherry pocket pie, and I could tell they were home-made.  No thick gloppy re-heated piecrust, no microwaved glop.  (Actually, there's a ton of chrome in the back, all sorts of brand-spankin' new bakery oven stuff.  Says the woman that couldn't bake a cupcake not out of a box to save her life.)  But the cupcakes?  Mmm, cupcakes.  Uh, anyway; big as your head.  Well, not quite your head, but they're twice the size of your typical cuppie.  And that's okay with me.  They've got coconut and pumpkin along with your typical flavors, and they said they'd do special orders no sweat.  They also have something called "Radial Bars" that look like fudge-covered cake...I'll have to edit this after I try one.UPDATE (2/5/2011): Tried the Radial Bars...uh, you've gotta get one of these if you're a chocolate fan.  (And really, who isn't?)  Plus, the sticky buns and chocolate mousse cake?  Awesome.  Next on my list?  The apple twist and a gingerbread man.  Valentine's Day is around the corner and they are gonna have heart-shaped cake and cookies, and they're taking orders.  Best thing ever though?  They'll do bread if you call/stop in and order it.  (There's not enough call to keep the super-fresh goodness in-store.  Yet.)  My heart-healthy self somersaults with joy!  It's not a pretty sight, but there you have it.AND, they will soon be accepting credit cards.  But if you need a fix right now, the market on the corner has an ATM if you need paper funds....UPDATE 2, Electric Boogaloo (7/5/11): Sadly, Perfecto Coffee in Pigtown is no more, but Tasty Creations has coffee now!  And Hamentashen.  And sugar-free cookies/pastry puffs (that may be special order, but they always seem to have a tray of 'em!)  Go forth and get your sugar on!  I know I do.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,7/4/2011,50,112,7,8,5>Highly recommend - went here for lunch today and it was fabulous. This is my new favorite restaurant in Maryland. Sam's is tucked away in the back of a residential area and you needed to pass through a guarded gate to get there; different, but a scenic little drive through a nice neighborhood and the guard was nice enough to point us in the right direction. This place is a hidden gem with a great view of the water and the boat docks; cool water birds, very nice view. They had a seared tuna appetizer that was amazing. ($12 I think?) It was easily the best piece of fish I have had in years. Solid, huge ruby red cubes of tender tuna skewered and seared with a whisper of a sweet & savory crust on the outside (Maple or sugar and shoyu maybe?) The portion size was impressive and I thought the prices were extremely reasonable for the quality and caliber of food they were serving. We also ordered the crab shiitake spring rolls, but that wasn't what came out. What we had was a spring roll, but it was filled with tender white pork, white beans and greens, which we didn't realize until we bit into it... but it was so good we polished it off and didn't mention it to the waitstaff. Whatever it was, it wasn't on the menu and I found that oddly cool. I had a lobster roll that was easily the best I have had since I left New England. Overflowing with HUGE chunks of chilled lobster meat with homemade mayo and a touch of chives (barely detectable) on a soft split-top roll, so the lobster stood on its own. Take notes, all you non-New Englanders trying to fancify an already perfect food...  this roll was just as it should be. Simple and delicious. There was an almost entirely intact claw tucked in there all cozy... sigh. I no longer have to wait for business trips to NE to have real lobster rolls. They have a great wine list with a decent number of selections; it wasn't overwhelming, and they were carefully selected. We had the bottle on special; a Carmenere that was a great value. It looks like they have rotating wine specials, apps and entrees so I imagine there is something new and fun to try virtually every time you go. For dessert we ordered the cherries jubilee which they prepared and lit on fire tableside before spooning it over a couple of scoops of vanilla icecream. Definitely an adults-only dessert with the strong taste of 151 in the sauce, but it was AWESOME. Fun to watch them make it and fun to eat. They have a bananas flambe on the menu too if you're not that into cherries. At about $12-13 for two people, dessert was a great value too. The waitstaff were genuinely friendly and accommodating; they struck the perfect balance of being attentive without being intrusive... as fun and friendly as they were, they were welcome back at our table every time!There was a table full of squalling elementary school age girls and their passive dads who had the whole restaurant wanting to order a magnum sized bottle of STFU for their table, but the great food more than made up for it; and that is saying a lot. They were very out of place compared to the rest of the crowd so I wouldn't expect a repeat performance. (Singing the "give me back that filet o' fish" song from the Mc Donald's commercials at the top of their lungs?!? WTF??) More than one spilled drink... Though they were across the restaurant, I heard they were passing through from VA, where I hope they stay for a long long time. There was a collective sigh of relief from the patrons and the endlessly patient waitstaff when they finally shoved off. That being said, this was a great experience that we would definitely repeat. This is my new favorite place and worth the hour drive every so often to get here.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,7/3/2011,80,77,,8,3>Salt is a hidden gem, a block West of Patterson Park, amidst residences.  (Thus the parking is so bad.  Street parking is free but fills up, so be prepared.)My boyfriend and attempted to make a reservation twice before we were able to get a table (recommendation: make a reservation in advance!), and on our third try, we had to take a 9:45pm table, because that was all they had.  Amidst the bustle of the full restaurant, our server took the time to make recommendations and tell us about the chef's specialities.  We started with the duck fat fries, my boyfriend had the beef cheeks, and I had the tuna.  Everything was to.die.for.  We were sad that we were too stuffed to try dessert!  The restaurant is small and cozy.  It almost feels more like dining at a friend's home, rather than a restaurant.  High marks for atmosphere, higher marks for service, and highest marks for the food!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,7/2/2011,49,70,2,9,6>Oh Happy Day! An all vegan / vegetarian spot that tastes *good*. And better yet? It's soul food!I ventured here with an omnivore co-worker on a work day. The owner / chef was an absolute sweetheart and walked us through all our options. I love that so many of the offerings are gluten free to boot!We both got the small combo. I had the ribs and she went with the sweet and sour seitan (wheat gluten) . The sides were red beans and rice and she went with the cabbage and butternut squash.To quote another meat eating friend, 'It tastes too good to be healthy'. Whether that's true or not I'll definitely be returning.On second, third and fourth visits I cannot resist the macaroni and cheese. It is truly delicious (if not a little salty) on it's own. If all faux cheese tasted like this, I could leave cheddar behind.They also have bi-monthly happy hours planned. Can't wait to go!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,7/1/2011,103,330,1,7,4>One of the best restaurants in Baltimore I've been to.  I would definitely recommend putting in a reservation especially for a weekend dinner since the wait can be very long.  You can choose from 4, 5, or 6 course meals.  I chose the 6 course meal and even for me 6 course was tough to finish since dessert and bread is included and I would not recommend going so meat heavy as I did.  Service was excellent and the plates of food come out at a pace where by the end of dinner, we were there over 2 hours.  My favorite dishes were the crabcake, halibut, lamb chop and shrimp and grits.  The cassoulet was a French special and that was also very good but there was a little too much beans for me.  The buffalo tenderloin was cooked medium rare and also very good but it was my last plate and by then, I was pretty stuffed so I didn't enjoy it as much.  I got the creme brulee and the rhubarb tart for dessert and the ginger icecream that comes with the tart was refreshing.  With a glass of wine and a 6 course meal, you can easily spend around $150 per person so it's a very pricey meal but you definitely get what you pay for and I feel like for a special night, it's worth it.  Valet parking is complimentary so don't worry about looking for parking.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,6/30/2011,115,493,2,6,5>This is one of my favorite places in the area to grab a hearty turkey sandwich for lunch.Here, they carve slices off of whole turkeys for the sandwiches. I usually opt for the Thanksgiving sandwich (turkey, cranberry, stuffing) or Turkey with a Grass Skirt (Turkey with shredded lettuce and sprouts) on a roll. Here you get a large variety of breads to choose from (standard bread fare, nothing out of the ordinary). The past few years, I haven't had a typical American Thanksgiving dinner, so this Thanksgiving sandwich really seals the deal for me. If you're ever feeling reminiscent of Thanksgiving eats, you can get this sandwich year-round. Located in Lexington Market, across from the Faidley's.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,6/29/2011,332,181,2,5,4>Fantastic restaurant/lounge near the Harbor. Perfect for a date, intimate birthday celebration or even a reception if you can afford to buyout the place. It's gorgeous in Pazo but also comfortable and relaxing. The Mediterranean/colonial Spanish ambiance and decor are unusual and definitely leaves an impact. I find going around late happy hour, sunset time is perfect for a little bit of light and then the place darkens into nighttime for a romantic, sensual glow. I would avoid Fridays because the party goes all night and it's pretty loud/crowded. I actually felt super out of place when I arrived by myself to meet friends on a Friday. Unlike other happy hours, everyone around the bar was closed off and not very talkative but probably because they were on dates or hooking up. Once my pals got there, we had a blast. The sofas are extra plush and comfy, which may make it hard to snack on your tapas and sip on their delish martinis without spilling anything. Be prepared to pay $$$ for the atmosphere- the beautiful and sexy scene doesn't come cheap even in Bmore.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,6/28/2011,179,576,5,8,4>First, I always find it funny when things like Chicken Parmesan sandwiches are on a menu at an Asian restaurant.  That aside, I was a little apprehensive about coming here.  I had a less than stellar experience with Filipino food during a trip to the Phillipines a few years back.  Think pig brains and fish heads-just not my cup of tea.  I haven't had the same feelings about any pork products since.  I decided to get over my fears and try the offerings at Mama Rosa.  With the help of others, I picked entrees that I enjoyed and got to sample some food off their plates as well.  I enjoyed what I tried and would come back again.  Much to the shock of my former in-laws....
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,6/27/2011,47,142,3,4,4>Here's the weekend afternoon game plan for the fellas: Roll into the bottom of Cross Street for happy hour, knock back a collosal vat of draft beer, some freshly shucked oysters, and one of Balmer's best crab cakes while watching the game on one of the big screens on the counter behind hundreds of oysters on ice. As you quash the second cerveza, you may be down for some fresh sushi. Yeah, yeah, you can grocery shop at specialty food stalls. Cross Street is about pregaming with character. The hons will be there in the afternoon to provide people watching entertainment if the game is boring. If you are going to get in trouble with your wife, swing by to the cheapest flower vendor in town to buy some forgiveness. Gaggles of ladies will start to show in the early evening, and squeal as they rush for the exit to aviod the dude spraying a garden hose on the concrete floor to usher out patrons at closing with a beer slime tsunami.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,6/26/2011,65,60,14,8,6>finally, baltimore.  you did pizza right.  that kiss of char on the crust... that time when you asked me if i wanted my crust "herbed" (why yes, yes i do, thank you), and even were thoughtful enough to inquire which herb... when your ingredients were finely chopped enough to ensure even distribution... when your Pizza Crack subdued my companion long enough for me to steal everything off his plate and shove it in my mouth...oh, and your sauce!  you finally had sauce!  enough with people telling me "but the crust is SOOO good!"  if i wanted delicious bread, i'd go to a bakery.  I WANT DELICIOUS SAUCE. and you delivered, joe's.and how did you know that risotto is one of my favorite things on earth?  did you put that risotto menu on there just for me?  YOU DID?!?!  you shouldn't have!  but i'm so glad you did.i know you don't have that many taps, but i'm cool with it.  you know why?  first of all, your bottle selection is pretty sweet and i like that it's categorized by region.  secondly, rum is really your thing, and while i'm not usually a rum girl, i get that and i respect it.  in fact, your entire menu page dedicated to rum enticed me to re-visit and partake.  and i will re-visit.  and drink lots of rum.live music on a friday?  yeppers.  you were packed.  good for you, and bonus for me; that was sweet jazz.  i was a little worried my pizza aspirations would go unreached... but i shouldn't have been.  my order was taken before i was even sat, a cold beer in my hand before i could remove my scarf, and before i knew what was happening, i was sitting at a table and with my food arriving just moments thereafter.why must you be so far from me and everything else i want to go to?  why can't you deliver until 2am (don't answer that)?  why can't you be prettier inside?  it's alright, though, joe's.  i know this is a little premature, but i really think this relationship is going somewhere.  i like you.  do you like me?  check one:  yes()  no()
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,6/24/2011,175,161,15,18,15>A long wait for a table? What long wait for a table??? Honestly, I guess it's all in the luck of the draw, but I've yet to experience an excruciating wait for a table at either Miss Shirley's locale. But, of course, that's all in the timing as well. My last visit on a Friday at 11:30 am was perfect timing indeed. Patronage had a steady ebb & flow, but I got a table immediately. Now, have I gotten bigger or has the Smoked Salmon Benedict ($17.99) gotten smaller since I was last here? The price certainly ain't shrunk. Either way, I still enjoyed it's tenderness and smoky taste, it's very fresh & crisp asparagus with Hollandaise & chives. But I was left wanting more. The poached eggs were still nicely fluid without being ridiculously runny. My accompanying potato pancakes were enjoyable. All were combined into a wonderful "feast for the eyes" presentation. Offsetting the seemingly smaller serving of salmon the Miss Mimosa ($6.99) was significantly more powerfully potent than other times I sipped her on prior visits. Just enough OJ for coloring & citrusy bump. Only one was necessary to put that lil step in my stride I was seeking thankyouverymuch ;-) When friends asked me to recommend a dish I'd automatically mentioned the decadently delicious, fruity and filling Coconut Cream-Stuffed French Toast ($11.99) with two Andouille Sausages ($4.29). But on this last visit the Cone of Sweet Potato Fries ($4.99) as recommended to me by Bmore ex-patriot and buddy, Bradley N, are now at the top of my list. I dived headlong into it swooning over their rich color, crisp outer & tasty inner and served very hot and seasoned with the perfect compliment of saltiness. Of the two dipping sauces the Citrus Aioli is the best. Excellent appetizer. Despite a possibly downsized salmon, because of the mightier mimosa, because of the Coconut Cream-Stuffed French Toast, and because of my newborn addiction to their sweet potato fries, I'm ever a fan of Miss Shirley's. The next time I come will probably be on a Sunday around 7:30 am with Mrs H. Well, how else can I keep claiming I've yet to experience an excruciating wait for a table at either Miss Shirley's locale? -Dedicated to Bradley N of Yelp Woodside, CA (Baltimore misses you much.)
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,6/23/2011,113,66,3,9,6>I'm a quest to find Baltimore themed post cards - but not ones that look like any other touristy kchatchkey you can get in [insert state here]. I wanted something unique to the city that I could send a few friends overseas.A friend recommended Atomic Books to me because of their selection of everything quirky and not-normal, so I swung by yesterday.Blown away. This is such a fun space filled with books, knick-knacks, zines, magazines, post cards and comics - everything your alternative Baltimore self would ever need. It's one of those places you walk into not needing anything, then 30 minutes later you have bags of stuff you just can't live without.Not only did I find the post cards I was looking for (John Waters themed!), but I left with some local zines and the latest edition of Bitch Magazine.Added bonus! (I love added bonuses!) Atomic Books shares a space with Celebrated Summer Records - so take the extra 15 minutes and browse the very back of the store. There are great hardcore, punk and indie records if that's your thing.5 stars! 5 stars! 5 stars! I'm a very happy girl!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2011,6/22/2011,71,270,6,7,4>Can you eat 5 pounds of mac n'cheese? If so, Crazy Lil's is the place for you. All you have to do to get free dinner is suck down five pounds of cheesy noodly goodness. They have a ton of varieties with different meats and seafood, too. But if you're just planning on grabbing something off the regular menu, here are a few suggestions: - Make a meal of appetizers. The apps here have some of the best parts of the entrees in small portions and they are half priced EVERY DAY during happy hour (5-7). I've had the firecracker shrimp, mahi bites, quesadillas and crab dip here and they were all delicious. A little skimpy on the actual crab lumps in the dip but the flavor was there, as well as these delicious little fried pita chips. -Go with the specialsOut of all the entrees, they always seem to be the freshest most well-thought dishes. Whenever they have a sandwich or wrap featuring a catch of the day, go with it. The jumbalaya is a hit too, when they have it. -Skip the saladsFrom what I've found, the salads here are all of the iceberg variety, with your choice of meat or seafood plopped on top. Not worth trying to be healthy here with so many delicious tots and curly fries abound. The service has always been outstanding here. Yesterday, we were looking for a quick solution dinner after being told there was an hour wait for Abbey Burger. After walking into Crazy Lil's and seeing that there was a wait here, too, we headed for the door but the lone bartender caught us before we hit the pavement. He brought us drinks, sat us at some stools, and informed us that a table was just about to turn over. He was very attentive while we waited and had a good sense of humor. Then, once we sitting and eating, he continued to check on us, but not in an annoying way. All in all, a satisfying little place if you're looking for a typically tame happy hour at good prices. Just don't expect any table turnover during an Orioles or Ravens game.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,6/21/2011,31,56,4,5,5>Oh Neopol, let me count the ways I love thee:1) The heavenly smoked shrimp that I would buy pounds and pounds of if I ever had the money.2) The smoked bacon. Worth the $12/lb. Believe me.3) The Salmon BLT. Perfect picnic fare.4) Salmon ANYTHING, really.5) The cheese pies I try so hard to resist but can't--even with the inevitable bloating that ensues even after 5 Lactaid pills are consumed before, during and after the meal.6) For introducing me to falafel chips.7) Smoked pork tenderloin sandwich... Mmmmm...8) Smoked. Duck. Need I say more.Well I really could go on but I'll stop there. Just friggin' go and eat there, already. Tell them Thea sent you. Maybe they'll reward me in smoked shrimp.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,6/20/2011,155,197,4,4,3>Every morning, I get up, check to see when the next Purple Line bus is coming to my stop, and either have another cup of coffee or go "oh CRAP" and grab my coat to run out the door.I love that the CCC is there. It's free. It's quiet. It takes me where I need to go.....so basically, I like my busses like I like my men.ANYWAY, the busses are greener than normal MTA busses. It's awfully nice that there are iPhone and Android apps to track it; you can also use their website.My ONLY gripe: the only way to tell when the bus is coming (heh) is by looking it up online. The main problem with that is that it can, and will tell you that the bus will be there in 5 minutes. And then you wait for 20. It's not the most efficient system, but for free, and for going door-to-door between my home and work, I'll take it.Damn you, CCC, for making me lazy (after all, I could just walk...)
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,6/19/2011,41,92,6,8,7>As often as I go to places where I really like the food, there aren't many times when I leave, planning on the next time I will return.Perhaps it's because the location is a little out of the way, but it might also be that this is in all likelihood the best barbecued brisket and ribs I've had in Maryland.  At any rate, I have a strong compulsion to go back and try the bourbon cherry sauce, the Texas pit sauce, and the beef ribs.  The s.o. and I ordered the half rack of pork ribs with Carolina vinegar sauce, the open-faced beef brisket with Kansas City spicy sauce, a side of coleslaw, and a drink.  Altogether, it came out to just under $20 and it was worth every penny.  We ate, with smiles on our faces, nodding, in silence (okay, so I might have moaned occasionally).  After eating more than half the rib order and some brisket, I looked at the s.o.  "More" my eyes pleaded with him and he looked at me, apprehensively.  "I'm full" his eyes told me... but they changed to "okay, whatever you want."  (I'm a lucky gal, I know).  I smiled and looked at the nice lady who took our order and  I happily asked for a "Big Bad Wolf" with Carolina Mustard sauce.  It came out in the blink of an eye--pulled pork, beef brisket, and hickory smoked bacon on a Kaiser roll with the sauce.  I cut it in half and we polished that off too.  The nice man who had put our sandwich together asked how it was and my mouth was full but I was thinking "perfect."  It was juicy and the combination of savory meaty flavors with the pleasant variety of textures, plus the glorious tangy sauce just set for me a new and high standard for pulled pork sandwiches.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,6/18/2011,76,346,10,6,8>I am torpid, like a lizard basking in the early May sun.I am as full as a silk pillow stuffed to bursting with aerogel and goose feathers, only much heavier.I just had fish noodles and Szechuan pork belly at Grace Garden.I am happy, for a time.
