<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2014,11/25/2014,33,29,2,2,2>I came here for my birthday and I had a pleasant experience. They offer a decent selection of wines and I ordered a pinot noir. They brought me a huge glass.We ordered the chicken tortilla soup and the fried stuffed poblano for appetizers. The soup was decent and had lots of peppers and meat in it. That poblano was delicious though! It was stuffed with tons of cheese and they had a great sauce to dip it in.We each ordered two tacos and they were a good size. I tried a little bit of each taco. The fish taco with the yellow tail was awesome! The steak and blue cheese taco tasted great but the meat was a little on the rare side and very chewy.The ambiance and decor are very vibrant and comfortable. I really liked the hard wood tables.Our waitress was very prompt and super friendly. She didn't miss a beat.Overall, I was very happy with this restaurant and recommend it. I'll definitely be returning in the near future.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/24/2014,18,124,1,5,3>I cannot believe it has taken me this long to write a review for this incredible restaurant. I hesitated because there are so many 5 star reviews I figured what could I provide that the others couldn't? Well, its time so here I go.The food here is redonculous (in a good way)!! The chicken and waffles never cease to amaze me and is my go to dish when I cannot decide. I usually order their lunch special because it just sounds awesome. One of the specials I had was a bed of grits with perfectly fried shrimp and a jam on top. Wow!!They are very kid friendly and we always feel comfortable bringing our three kids here. They have two book shelves with kids books which assists in keeping their volume levels manageable! It gets busy during your usual hours so plan accordingly. We typically only visit this joint during the weekday around 11am so we don't usually have to wait and there are not too many anti-kid folks here.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,11/23/2014,49,75,3,7,5>I am IN LOVE with Sesame and am so glad there is still one close to home. I am not a huge burger person, but they have plenty on the menu and special board for me! I had exceptional service and fantastic food, at both the Mount P and North Chas locations. My ONLY complaint is we got a table by the bathroom, but it was dinner and they were slammed, so I'll deal!BBQ nachos are amazing - perfect topping to chip ratio!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/22/2014,116,162,1,6,3>Good restaurant ace just outside Charleston downtown. They have delicious bison burgers and several burgers selection, including a black-bean burger. The restaurant has also outside seating with many tables and chairs. Young crowd. Nice for large parties.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/21/2014,76,130,4,6,3>I unintentionally drove by here done day and asked myself, "Self? What the hell is a restaurant doing right her?  Oh well.  I'll find out another day."  Then I moved on with my life and didn't think much more about it.  Today I was in the mood for something new, so I pulled out my handy dandy smart phone and took a gander at the nearby restaurant map.  Caribbean soul food?  Sweet!  Wait.  Isn't this the place in the middle of a neighborhood?  Awh hell, why not?Why not indeed good sirs an ma'ams!  My mind was blown.  This tiny little kitchen nestled between two houses across from a church in bringin some bangin Caribbean cuisine to Charleston.  After checking out the other reviews, the jerk chicken, cauliflower mash, and macaroni and cheese seemed to be the way to go, and oh ho ho, it is.  The jerk chicken is cooked was wet jerk seasoning, and the blend of sweet and savory spices shone bright in every bite.  The sliced chicken rested on a bed of cauliflower mash, and the mash was perfect for wiping up all of the juices left behind.  "Totes Delish."  Their macaroni and cheese is what I dreamed about as a kid.  I just didn't know it yet.  Creamy, cheesy goodness.  What's not to love?  And how about those prices?  Delicious and affordable? Awh yeah.I can't wait to go back... possibly this weekend.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,11/20/2014,63,129,1,4,3>Been a long time since I have been bowling and it showed.  Great day with 2 couples meeting for beer and bowling.  A winning combo!  Got there a few minutes early and got a bucket of Stella!  They ran out of Stella and the barkeep was nice enough to replace the lacking one beer with 2 others of our choice.  Win/win.  Sweetwater IPAs.  Glad to have tried them.  Wow, the bar has great TVs.  Hardly anyone there which was a shame but World Cup action was on and the screen was excellent.  May be back for that without the bowling.  Our friends arrive and we made it to the lanes. This was our first time and it is a little confusing but the people there were very helpful.  We bowled for 2 hours.  Got in 3 games. It was pretty nice and we had loads of fun.  Even got in a few strikes.  Broke 100 each time after the first unfortunate game of 95.  The prices here seem a little high but the deals during the week look like a good option.  I plan on taking an afternoon during the week to give the place another chance.  Overall this was a good experience.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/19/2014,81,113,3,9,5>In a desert, this is an oasis. Charleston needed a Ramen house (not a shishi Asian fusion place serving so-called Ramen). I'm talking about a place that focuses on ramen, the broth, the noodles. It is really an art form. Don't believe me? Watch "Ramen Girl" on netflix. It's not a masterpiece, but it will inspire you to seek a bowl if not visit Japan. I  am confused by the number of broths here. There is pork (tonkotsu), spicy (in tonkotsu base), chicken, Shio (salt), miso and soya (soy). This is lofty! The ramen houses I frequented in NYC tried  to please fewer people and chose to do one or two broths exceptionally well. I think that may be what should happen here...To the broth: I have tried the tonkotsu. It should be milky, fatty, silky, filling. It takes days to make it properly. Here, it is just okay. The color, temp and texture are on but It lacks the depth I have tasted when done well. The spicy broth was better, chili adding the depth missing by the tonkotsu alone. The miso broth was very good. It is an easier broth to make. I can make it at home. The chicken broth was just boring. The noodles: nothing special. Not done in house, but bouncy and chewy. The toppings: the marinated egg- yolk could be a little looser but the effort is appreciated. The fish cake is a welcome adornment. The roast pork is fine (have never been a huge fan of it anywhere).The nori is a traditional addition. The spinach is a lovely touch. Odds and ends: There is ramen salt on the tables-nice. You place your order at the counter and they serve you at the table. The service is friendly and quick. The portion sizes are average. The prices are fair. They have a few sweets for dessert. The gyoza are ok but if you have a light appetite, they steal valuable real estate. Their hours are sporadic but they are open till 3 on the weekends. They have no liquor license at present. A solo person can sit at the ramen bar and not feel like a loser, not that anyone should. Overall, this is a very welcome addition to charleston. I still need to try the Shio and soya broth but I suspect I will go back to spicy tonkotsu or ask for spicy in my miso. For a ramen fix, this delivers. It is good. It is no Ippudo, but definitely could stand up to NYC's Naruto.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/18/2014,158,145,5,9,10>I'm bumping my review up to 5 stars because it's obvious they've been reading their reviews and have made some slight adjustments.  * The hours listed on Yelp have been updated.  This may have not been them but regardless, good to see the correct hours listed.* I went over the weekend (like I normally do), and they gave me a number when I placed my to go order which eliminated that previous awkward "is this you?" exchange when they'd give me my order.* They also told me that my coffee would be ready to be picked up by the register in a couple of minutes.Basically, all my little qualms in my previous review were fixed, which is really awesome that they took note and already changed things so quickly.I also got around to trying the macarons.  So good.  The pistachio ones are my new favorite thing.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/17/2014,94,197,6,5,5>I've been to Park Cafe twice for brunch, and it's always a great time. The atmosphere inside is like eating brunch in a greenhouse, which I love. It also tends to be less crowded on a Sunday than many other places downtown. I got a chai tea latte to start with, and it was delicious. A little light on the chai, which I actually kind of liked better than the smack-you-in-the-face chai at Starbucks.My mom and I started our brunch off with the Aebleskiver (Danish Popovers) which were awesome. They were kind of like funnel cake balls but weren't as sweet or as heavy. They were amazing with the homemade preserves (I think they were peach?).For my meal, I couldn't resist the call of the pork biscuit, which was THE BOMB (I was dining with my mother, so I have to use her lingo, which is stuck somewhere in 1997). I will order this every time I go, it's just so good. My mother decided to be adventurous and try the Shirred farm egg, which was basically an egg cooked in cream and it was soooo yummy. Very decadent, but also very yummy. We also split an order of the housemade bacon (My mother: "You can make bacon? Like, you make your own bacon? WHAT HAVE I BEEN DOING WITH MY LIFE?!") which was delicious and perfectly cooked.We also split the cafe potatoes, which were freaking delicious, cooked with onions and garlic. They were outstanding. My #2 favorite breakfast potatoes in SC. I can't wait to go back for dinner!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/16/2014,83,87,2,4,5>I've only been here in the past for a quick drink and to soak up some sun on their back patio.  But this time I came for the food because of all the 5 star reviews I've read.  No doubt this place is on prime real estate right on the beach.  It's definitely a dive bar feeling on the inside and when you walk in, it just looks like it's been around from some time.  I think it would be cool to see them update it a bit. As for the outside, there really is nothing for this place to do to sell you on it.  The sounds of the beach waves, post card view, and sunshine sells it all.  Our server was attentive and helpful and thank goodness because the menu is a bit overwhelming.  I ordered the shrimp and sausage quesidillas and was told it was an excellent choice.  Oh, it definitely was.  It was HUGE and just packed with deliciously sauteed shrimp and sausage.  It came with fries and big dollops of  sour cream, salsa, and guac.  I couldn't finish it for how big it was.  I'll definitely return to try some more seafood.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2014,11/15/2014,34,62,11,5,3>Home Team BBQ, er, I mean Swig and Swine is now open on Savannah Highway! I have driven by this place for what it seems like weeks now, lusting over the idea of smoked meats, fatty sides and the eventual heart attack that will hopefully send me the way of Maya Angelou. While the sign said the grand opening wasn't until June 15, the number of cars there couldn't fool me. After realizing Glass Onion neutered their Saturday lunch (I mean, order at a counter and still pay $14 for a plate? Lulzyeahrite), I walked next door and was happily taken in. The first thing I noticed was the size of the people inside. Man, everyone in this place was enormous! From beer guts to elbow rolls and everything in between! The food must be good! The hostess sat me at the meat bar where I was able to watch all kinds of fat meats get transferred from the smoker to the kitchen. A nice boy even gave me free samples of the sausage and pork belly, one which is basically pure fat and the other pure fat in a sausage casing! I could feel the lipids building up in my arteries, and that alone was probably the reason why I nearly passed out running today. I ordered the 3 meat platter to share with collards and baked beans, to ensure I'd have smooth bowel movements afterwards, which is a big concern considering the amount of blood I've had in my stools as of late. Every morning is a new surprise! Swig and Swine gets 3 stars because I have already given out 5 stars once this month, and if I start giving out good ratings too often, you'll stop taking me seriously. Overall, they can definitely smoke meat, but the rub has much to be desired. Any place that requires me to use sauce automatically loses two stars. The sides were excellent though, and I'm happy to report the gas you'll have afterwards will sear off the eyebrows of anyone around you, so proceed at your own caution.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,11/14/2014,29,117,2,5,2>This was the old Carey Hilliards building..elegantly decorated..cloth tablecloth and napkins..I felt like maybe I should have dressed nicer although I did see people dressed like business casual...no jeans or tshirts, but then it is Sunday after church?Service and food quality was great...reasonable prices for not fast food or buffet quality.  They have both a Japanese and Chinese sit down menu.No liquor license for Sunday...so no alcohol drinks on Sunday.  I would have liked to have tried the $5 Sakelini advertised. (rasberry peach sake I think it was)Great sushi and bento boxes are offered for lunch...loved the seaweed salad.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/13/2014,158,161,4,4,5>This place has my heart.  I am in love.Finally, a place where you can enjoy the goodness of Dellz in an actual chair, with an actual table.   Don't get me wrong.  I love the atmosphere of teeny tiny Dellz Deli.  All crammed in with other customers, everyone chatting and joking, people always being so kind to each other. Dell knows how to fill the room with delicious food, good company and loving vibes.So here's Dellz Uptown offering all of that, plus a place to sit down and stay awhile!You cannot order something un-tasty off this menu.The bowls are full of delicious, perfectly seasoned vegetables with tasty wholesome rice and other goodies.I love the fact that there are avocados everywhere.  Even on the crazy yummy affair called the "Jazzy Pizza".  It's like a flatbread cracker with all things delicious and nutritious.  Beans, rice, greens, avocados, the yum yum sauce and CHEESE.  There's more, but it all just blends together into AWESOME IN MY MOUTH.The wraps are GINORMOUS and can induce what is known as "Dell-itis".  A condition characterized by an inability to stop eating due to the unbelievable taste factor, and once finished realize that your stomach was not quite big enough to eat that whole wrap all at once and is now producing a food baby.  Word to the wise:  Just eat half and eat the other half later.  So much food!!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,11/12/2014,11,48,3,10,4>A nice option for lunch if you work off Rivers Ave. This is a fusion style place that has all manners of Asian dishes.I decided to get the red curry with chicken and brown rice for the side, a cup of hot and sour soup, and a cup of the wonton soup.The red curry had a great flavor with a small kick. The curry had basil and two types of bell pepper in it, I would rather have some more veggies myself but the flavor was there. The wonton soup was very flavorful with an excellent broth. The broth reminded me of a lite onion broth. I would not reccomend the hot and sour soup, it was very bland with an overwhelming spice note of black pepper.Overall I would love to come back for lunch and try some of their other offerings. The price/quantity value is definatly present and the wait time wasn't horrible.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/11/2014,12,30,6,9,7>First off, I love the casual atmosphere/decor here! Second, the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable (I asked what the plates were made out of and the waitress was ready with the answer). Third of all, the food is awesome. I went with two other friends and we ordered the chips and guac, the queso fundido, six tacos, and the hot dog confit torta because why not.The guac was chunky with lots of cilantro and topped with shredded radish and chili powder. Yum. The queso fundido was cheesy, meaty deliciousness. I ordered the pork carnitas taco and the fried whiting taco. The whiting had a flawless breading and the toppings were perfect. And the carnitas taco - I mean, pork is Chef Sean Brock's thing so if you don't get pork something you are making a mistake.That line of thinking led us to order the hot dog confit torta. This was a very good bad decision. Hot dog fried in pork fat topped with ham on a sandwich. Yes. And it was evil and makes any other preparation of a hot dog seem sub par. Get this torta.The drinks were also on point! I got the El Satanico on the recommendation of a man who looked like a retired sailor and it was a winner!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/10/2014,43,313,2,3,4>Fun venue!  Single A baseball so keep that in mind. My son was in town so the 2 of us decided to go to a game.  They were having some sort of special so we got 2 tickets, 2 non-alcoholic drinks, 2 tacos and nachos for $16 -- unbelievable.  Great deal.  Food choices are pretty good, but not super terrific, but prices are decent.  Sit on the first base side to keep the sun out of your eyes!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2014,11/9/2014,100,213,4,3,3>Wow am I late with this review.  I had a great time at the Shrimp & Grits Festival.  Had some really good versions of Shrimp & Grits and some I wished I never put in my mouth.  But one thing is for sure.  I'LL BE BACK NEXT YEAR!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,11/8/2014,90,73,8,9,9>We've been to Icihban since they've reopened and were not very impressed the first time around. However, after reading Dave C.'s review I figured we'd give it another shot. What do you know, when I checked in Yelp said the Dave C. was there earlier in the day. I was going to pick up lunch togo, but since the sky decided to open up I went ahead and got a table for one. No, I'm not afraid to be a solo diner. City Paper is a a great +1 sometime. I used a coupon on the back of my Harris Teeter receipt to get a free appetizer and ordered the Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura. The dish was played nicely and well prepared. Perfectly cooked so neither shrimp nor vegetable were overcooked. The tempura was nice and crispy and stuck to the food. I ordered the 2 roll maki special with a Boston Roll and Spicy Tuna. Not a bad deal for $8.95 with a soup. I will say a few other sushi places in the neighborhood do he same lunch special for a dollar less. Both rolls were simple yet delicious. I had enough food to still take home some goodies in a togo box and my bill was under $10 can't beat that. I have two complaints:-on our first visit we brought the flyer we got in the mail that said sushi was 50% off that specific night. When we sat down we were informed they weren't doing half priced sushi anymore, but did honor it since we had the flyer. I was a little confused why they would quit a special they literally just mailed out to the community. -there were a few questions my server could not answer about a sushi roll and the tempura app. She was very friendly and polite, but still never got accurate answers.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/7/2014,10,99,1,4,5>Ok, had to go back for transmission service. They said it would cost $110 and take 2 hours while we wait. Of course a few bucks more and 4 1/2 hours later.... the job was done. They had to order parts from Parks Auto and they had to pay more for the parts... so we had to - $30 more. They are locals from the area so I am going to go with - this is typical southern timing. If this was Hawaii - it would be "island time." Just a little longer than what us city folk are used to.Work got done and trust the work - just good to know to budget time wise... aren't all shops that way though?
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,11/6/2014,10,97,1,46,4>Finally!  I moved here 4 years ago and have been searching for a decent pedicure ever since.  I've been to 5 different places in Mount Pleasant over those 4 years, and came to the resolution that I may never get a good pedi in this town.  I had gone to the same nail place in Northern VA for 10+ years and had become a sort of connoisseur of fine pedis - a good massage and scrub, attention to detail, a smooth car like paint finish.  I've always felt that the places down here were in a rush to get me done and out the door as quickly as possible.  At Nails So Dep, it's clean and they took their time ensuring that I had a good experience.  They even offered me a glass of wine.  When I started chatting with my nail tech, she told me that it's been a struggle and that when they first opened they had maybe one person a week!  The weren't  sure they would be able to stay open!  But thankfully by word of mouth things have gotten much better.  You see, the location is tucked away behind the CVS on Ben Sawyer Blvd.  I'm hoping to get the word out, so that I can continue going to Nails so Dep for the next 10 years!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/5/2014,12,41,3,4,5>When it comes to ice cream, I'm willing to pay for the good stuff. This is it. This place is amazing.  Just do it. You can't go wrong with any of it. Bonus tip: Get the bitter hot fudge and the hand whipped cream. So worth it. Also, I'm pretty sure you get more ice cream if you order a waffle cone instead of in a bowl :)
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/4/2014,93,150,1,8,6>Fantastic place and Edmund's Oast is an all-around five star experience. I'll break it down: Parking. Not one, but (at least) two lots/areas to park. Space shouldn't be an issue here, but getting in after 6:30 or 7:00 may be. Building. The building and interior atmosphere is (while becoming kind of common) top notch. Very warm feeling, lots of wood and craftiness about in the atmosphere, from the menu/wall of drink prices above the bar, to the wall of books (take my word for it and check it out...see? More mystery!) walking to the restrooms. It IS very nice inside, and I don't think this is as casual an atmosphere as some reviews say (or conceptions of the place are). You could get by with jeans and a ball cap, but I don't think that's the norm here. Service. The service at Edmund's Oast is impeccable. Everyone is working incredibly hard and everyone goes out of their way to be nice. First rate service on all accounts. Knowledgeable and extremely nice!Food (finally). The food is fantastic. We started with bar snacks: the house made "Gin Joint Style" Jerky, the (honey buttered) cornbread, and the small cured charcuterie board. All great and I would order every bit again. The jerky is seasoned and there is more to chew on (metaphorically), but is, well, jerky. The cornbread has been commented on and commented on, and it lives up to it's reputation. Thick, sweet, with a crust on top. The small cured board was like meat you long for while Netflix-binging a food show on the couch. I'll leave the mystery to you to try. Served with seasoned nuts, cheese, and a Dijon sauce. My wife and I had a hamburger craving, so the EO's Bacon, Egg & Cheeseburger it was. Absolutely worth every penny of the $16 (and that includes their French Fries)! The hamburger, I could have eaten plain. Best tasting burger (meat alone) that I've maybe ever had. And cooked perfectly medium. Add in the over-easy egg, and some toppings, and the brioche bun and you have a winner! Drinks are absolutely first rate. Although I didn't have a cocktail, the beer list, as said by many, is nothing to laugh at. One thing I do want to point out, is that not every beer on the menu is 10+ dollars! That is mostly just for the imported (Belgian, German, Italian, etc)! I had the Edmund's Oast Breakfast at the Still, which was a spicy, brown ale (with so many flavors, you need to look this up), for about $5 or $6. I also tried the Bahnhof Rye Berliner Weisse. Very good, but not my cup of brew. This one, however, was pricier at around $10, I think, but it was imported. Damage. Finally, the pricing. Not a single-dollar-sign type of place, but you may find that you bill is less than you thought it was going to be. I did.Overall, if you are looking for a new spot to check out, or need something more to explore at a place you have already been, come here. The reviews do not lie. Edmund's Oast may be the king.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/3/2014,27,41,10,6,9>You know that feeling when you drink too much and then have a blast going all out Ron Jeremy on your bed mate, then feel a twinge of guilt afterwards.... That's what this is. Decadent debauchery. I like mine with shame glaze & guilt sprinkles.Seriously, clean place; kind and attentive staff; & very respectable coffee drinks.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,11/2/2014,24,92,3,4,4>A+.Vegan chocolate, peanut butter, banana smoothie is a must.Tuna salad sandwich was delicious but I did add some dijon mustard to it making it even better.Friends goat cheese and ham sandwich was delicious as well. Service is the best with a bunch of super friendly people working the register and in the small kitchen.Lots of locally made supplies like chocolates, breads, and random gifts. Beer selection is pretty spot on.And seriously just order any crepe. The few tables to eat at outside are super cute and recently Ive enjoyed sitting at one on the curb with a smoothie and just enjoying that intersection. It's a gorgeous neighborhood to sit and relax in.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/1/2014,68,163,3,3,4>Since my initial review in '12, Tracy and I have become regulars at the Pickled Palate. Whether having a relaxing meal on a lazy afternoon, socializing at a wine tasting, or hosting group parties, the food, service, and atmosphere at the Pickled Palate has always been spot on. Debbie & Lisa are excellent hosts, their food never disappoints, and I always feel better having visited.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,10/31/2014,77,69,2,5,4>This is a really cool place that I'll definitely be revisiting... and soon. A great atmosphere with a creative edge to it that really adds to the theme of the location. The bathrooms are giant oak distillery barrels! You have to love unique touches like that... they really bring out the "cool" in a place. I'll update this review more after my next visit... and after I've indulged in what they have to offer more. But for now, definitely recommend stopping in!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/30/2014,85,63,4,6,5>I've come here countless times and I'm always back for more! They use local and seasonal ingredients into their menu, and they have a variety of specials dependent upon what is available. The quality and consistency is always there, and is what keeps me coming back every time. If something is wrong the staff is always very helpful.  On a typical night I always like to see what's on the specials menu first, since those items are for a limited time. It will usually consist of a new appetizer, salad, and pizza. If I order from the original menu I usually go for the calabrese & arugula pizza. All of their wood fired pizzas are always cooked perfectly all the way through. The sauce to cheese, to topping ratio is spot on. If it sounds good on the menu, I say order it!One thing I do wish is that the restaurant was bigger. It's such a small space and gets packed quickly, so it makes it hard to accommodate large groups.Overall I love the cozy, artsy atmosphere and will continue to be a regular for a long time!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/29/2014,12,19,5,6,5>Our Mother's Day dinner here was delicious!  We had their seafood charcuterie, scallops, pattypan squash salad and pork ravioli to start.  All delicious, but I must say, the highlight of the entire meal was the deckle.  It literally crumbled at the touch of my knife and was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  It was accompanied by grilled cipollini onions and roasted carrots over a potato puree; all forming into an amazing dish that pleased my palate with every bite! Other dishes we had: grouper with sunchokes and tomatoes, and pork shoulder - All devine.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/28/2014,75,17,3,12,3>I discovered Linh's Nail Salon by accident on one of my routine visits to Hair by Mere who is also has a studio at Sola Salon Studios. Prior to Linh I had been at the same nail salon for about 10 years, which is longer than I've lived in S.C. They are now my #2. Meredith my hair dresser swore by Linh's work and promised it was legit and held up well, which means a lot since her hands are in the shampoo bowl half of her day. I have a hard time getting my manicures to last because I too, work in a field which requires my hands to be wet most of the night, except for mine are saturated with liquor & brew-ha-ha!Linh's studio is quaint and cozy and lacks the usually buzz & chatter of the standard nail salon, it's not fancy by any means but relaxing it is and that's why I love it. I also love the fact that he uses a brand new file and buffer for each and every client for each and every visit. You even get your own disposable pedi-chair liner so that you don't have to wonder who's foot funk you're soaking in. Fear foot funk no more ladies & gents! The best part about my biweekly visit is my spa pedicure which is available in about a dozen different varieties, so far I've tried half of them and can't wait to come back and try the rest. I've gotta give Linh's Nail Salon give stars because anyone that can keep my hands in good shape for two weeks at a time is a miracle worker!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/27/2014,32,79,3,7,6>This is the best kept non-secret in the greater Charleston area.  This is one of the most amazing parks I've ever been to, definitely my favorite park in Charleston.  The park is located off the beaten path right on the Cooper River banks with cool views of the river, the Don Holt bridge, and the dry docks where large ships are fixed/built.  There are always enough people around that if you want to say "Hi" to your neighbor, you can, but not so many people around that you can't avoid all human contact if that's your mood. For starters, it's on the old golf course for the closed down Naval base and has a really well done memorial/tribute to all those service men and women who served there.  You turn right at the water feature to get to it.  I missed it the first time I went, so be sure to check it out.  My uncle who was stationed here in the late 70's cried when he saw it.There's a great mix of boardwalk trails along the river bank, piers that stick out into the water (where you can fish/crab/shrimp from) and sidewalks that wind around the park.  The water feature is great for kids of all ages to splash around in, and the dog park has agility obstacles, fresh water, and lots of poop bags.  It's one of the cleanest dog parks ever, so it's sad how few dogs I see there.  My niece and nephews rank the playground highest amongst the Park Circle playgrounds, and if playgrounds aren't your kids' thing, there's a grass hill they can roll down.  Heck, why not do both?I love all the perfectly manicured gardens, variety of seats/swings taking advantage of all the different views, and the rotating sculpture installations the Arts Department manages.  If there were a concert at the stage, I would attend.  And lastly, there's tons of just open grass space for cartwheels, kiting, or burpees.  What more could you want from a park?  And if you're lucky, you'll catch a giant shipping container floating down the river as the sun set brings in a perfect breeze...
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,10/26/2014,31,9,7,3,7>On May 15, 2014 at approximately 1310 hours I, Dante G., responded to the Barbecue Joint located at 1083 East Montague Avenues, which is in the city of North Charleston, in reference to lunch. Upon arrival, I parked along the A-side of the building in available parking. I found this unusual. Normally, during lunch, there is little parking directly in front of the location. The overcast weather may have reduced the number of patrons. I entered through the front door. I immediately observed approximately nine patrons and several employees about the interior. There were three pairs of patrons and one trio. Sadly, I was alone.I approached the counter, which is approximately midways into the building. I placed my order with an unknown male white subject (no identification obtained). I ordered a pulled pork platter with Mac and cheese and baked beans. I observed that the unsub male's definition of "serving size" differs significantly from mine. He may have given me the equivalent of a piglet. As I watched the unsub male, an unknown female white subject approached to accept my payment. She had cute glasses and an interesting jade bunny necklace.I gathered my food and moved to a seat at a picnic table centered left of the dining area (clean side of the inward opening doorway). I applied a mustard sauce from the available condiments found on the table. Also available are vinegar and tomato based sauces as well as pepper sauce. The meat was moist and tore apart easily. Excellent flavor which was complimented by the mustard sauce. The Mac and cheese was fresh and homemade. Sadly, I was unable to even attempt to eat the beans. From previous responses, I know they would have been tasty. I cleared with no consideration of a desert. Desert is available on site and can be found on a chalk board on the d-side interior wall. Location requires additional investigation. End of report.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/25/2014,28,88,2,4,3>Love, love this place!! I have been here for every meal, and have been completely pleased every time!1) outstanding service2) delicious food and drinks3) best omelette I've had in this area!4) pimento cheese to die for5) Bloody Mary and mimosas are delicious6) Sangria is spectacular!7) Laid back atmosphere--sit in or outConveniently located in Mt P on Coleman. Well worth the drive even if you live West Ashley like me!Great spot to grab drinks of have a yummy meal!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,10/24/2014,45,78,3,3,2>Ok this poor place doesnt get the credit it deserves. First off its in a HORRIBLE location so understandable why nobody has reviewed this place and this places isnt the nicest by any means but coming from CA..  the best places are holes in the walls. I had the Lo Mein combination. I liked the food the amount of food was great prices were nice and service was quick. Best place in the area better so far that I know of except Yummy Yummy off of Dorchester and Ashley Phosphate.  Anyways give them a shot dont judge the book by its cover.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/23/2014,38,95,7,5,5>Really enjoy the food here. Definitely suggest the fried green tomatoes, billy tomatoes or the fried pickles for an app. All of them are delicious, and when you are having a craving for one of these items - they always are spot on here. Chicken and bacon pasta - WHAT WHAT !!! Slap yourself yummy!!! Shrimp and grits, Bampa and of course the one thing they are really known for - the burgers. All items are delicious and large portions as well. Helpful hint - Tuesday is half price burger night, so definitely take advantage of it !!!  Tuesday is also trivia night. Which I have played a few times there, always a good time, with very interesting between round off games of trivia. Great bottle and tap beer selection, eclectic and diverse, which is always a good sign of a great place to try. Atmosphere is laid back, friendly. They did put the green goat on the shelf - too many people would get on top of it to take a pic when it was on the floor. had to protect the goat  :(
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,10/22/2014,63,159,3,4,4>The cutest little hidden gem I have been to in a long time. So quaint, romantic, and enjoyable. The live music, a solo guitarist with a harmonica, was perfection. Great variety of beer and wine. Reminds me of a cute place you would see on a corner in Europe. We didn't try any of the food, but I am sure we will next time. The jerky may be great, especially because we saw some t-shirts advertising their "jerky off" event.Ben was great. Very friendly, funny, and accommodating. So sweet. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,10/21/2014,63,113,5,4,4>I'm giving this place a really good rating strictly for one reason, Nicole W not saying we didn't have a great time but she definitely stood out.She was our server and she made the whole experience hilarious.  I was with a group of people that had just gotten off the Palmetto Breeze Booze Cruise.  Poor Nicole had to deal with us immediately afterwards.  I tend to get a little mouthy when I've had a drink or 2 or 6 not in a bad way.  She just put me in my place.  In a good way.  ;)  Made the night that much more enjoyable.Now the place is a little darker than I had expected.  If I had a few less drinks I may have been able to find my way better.The food was delicious.  We shared the Mac and Cheese with the table. OMG that was amazing.  The cheese was Smoked Gouda, Pecan Smoked Bacon with White Truffle Oil.  Yes it was amazing (I know I said that twice).We also shared an order of Mini Lamb Burgers.  I don't eat lamb.  I tried it.  It was different.  The tzatziki sauce reminded me of a Falafel without the pita bread.  It was very tasty but next time I would probably make a change.  I just don't know if it was the onion chutney or the Spices that were throwing me off.I had the Wedge Salad which apparently is one of my favorites.  I just can't go wrong with Wedge Salads.We also had to share a Santa Fe Flatbread.  This thing was huge!!  There's no way someone could eat this sans friends.  It had grilled chicken, fire roasted corn, black beans, hatch green chiles, monterey jack, diced tomato, red onion, cilantro, and cumin sour cream...whew (wipes forehead).  That was a mouth full... literally and figuratively.Oh, and the beer selection.  Well played, well played.  This place can not only serve food but the beer was well served.  They were properly poured within their appropriate glasses.  Headed very well.  Thank you thank you.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,10/20/2014,72,74,4,5,5>I LOVED this place, plain and simple! The Nutella stuffed french toast was calling to me, but there were plenty of other menu items that peaked my interest too. Enough so that I need to get back here as soon as possible. And hallelujah for having multiple vegetarian options. Like, intentionally vegetarian. The mismatched coffee mugs were quaint and the service was very friendly. I'm actually surprised by how quickly we received our food! Though, my breakfast partner-in-crime thought the shrimp and grits were pretty flavorless and not something that he'd eat again. The location can be tricky to find, but I'll be back and would recommend others to try it as well.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,10/19/2014,76,127,6,6,5>Pearlz is a great example of what a "local" slash "chain" restaurant should be.  Now I know it's not technically a chain, since they only have one other location downtown - but it's owned by the same restaurant group that also runs T-Bonz, LIberty, and several others you might or might not be familiar with. In light of all that, you will never go to Pearlz and feel like it's a typical chain restaurant. Step aside, TGI Fridays. Pearlz has a great assortment of fresh catch items that change daily, which I really like.  At this particular location, I am always amazed with the quantity and quality of food that comes out of a seemingly small kitchen.  In fact, I'm pretty sure my kitchen at home is bigger than theirs.  Size matters, am I right, ladies? Heyooo!  Anyway, the food is always good & fresh, the drinks are always cold, and I have never been disappointed with a Pearlz experience.  This is one of the places I confidently and consistently send people who are new to town. In addition to the food, they have their own set of brews that are all pretty tasty and relatively cheap @ around $3 for a pint.  I am partial to the nut brown ale as it's not too heavy and has a really nice flavor to it.  All other drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders make a mean dirty martini - always requested in a rocks glass of course, I'm not that fancy.  The food and drinks at Pearlz are great, but it's the happy hour situation is what keeps bringing me back.  $3 well liquor, $2.50 house brews, $8.95 for a dozen oysters, and $5 for two TASTY TASTY mahi tacos!  They also have monstrous peel and eat shrimp and several other options for purchase. Sure, there are probably better happy hour deals in town but not for this type of quality fare.  Plus, your friends will always come meet up with you if you tell them you're going to Pearlz for happy hour.  I guess it's a popular joint.  Last Friday I started off eating tacos and drinking bourbon at the end of the bar by myself and within an hour I had convinced 11 friends join me.  That's some serious drawing power. PROTIP: Ask for a side of wasabi creme with your mahi tacos.  It changes the game.  You're welcome.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,10/18/2014,35,136,4,4,3>One of the better Goodwills in the Charleston area.  The workers are constantly in motion, putting away merchandise and keeping everything neat and orderly.  There is a TON of women's clothing at this location.  Not too much at all for mens' clothing.  The housewares area is organized well.Great place to stop in if you're looking for a bargain.  Tons of high-end brands, you just have to look for them.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/17/2014,55,83,4,4,4>I enjoy a fine shave. When I'm not growing a manly beard I'm using a double edged safety razor and badger bristle brush to tackle my daily shaving ritual. I love that old school flair and attention to detail that modern style shaves mostly lack. Needless to say, I was quite excited about The Art Of Shaving opening on King Street downtown. The interior design of the store is simple, sleek, and sophisticated. It's decked out in wood and leatherwork giving it an all around manly feel.  The associate working was eager to provide a demo of the products. Although I was already familiar with everything he was telling and showing me, it was an enjoyable experience because he was so excited and knowledgeable about the Art Of Shaving.As for the products. If you've ever used them they speak for themselves. Quality ingredients and fantastic scents that make shaving a pleasure rather than a chore. They have your double edge safety razor, straight razor, and modern razor (with a classier twist) needs covered. There are kits available ranging from "starter" for getting a good feel for the goods to "full" that provide about six months of shaving fuel for the already established members of the Brotherhood of Shaving.I left quite satisfied with my visit. I took home a fine  100% silvertip badger bristle brush and the sandalwood shaving cream accompanied by the pre-shave gel and aftershave. I have already been putting it all to good use and have been loving every minute of it. If you enjoy a damn fine shave in the comfort of your own home you should stop by The Art Of Shaving and get some goodies that'll make it that much better!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/16/2014,21,63,3,7,2>**Overall Rank 4.1/5**I REALLY want to give Nigel's 5/5 stars, but my system won't let me. Nigel's is some of the most authentic food in the area. Lots of flavor, LOTS of food, great price, and great people. Nigel was running around delivering food and talking to his guests all night. You can tell he really loves his business. I would venture to say that Nigel's will be upgrading location before long to accommodate a growing fan base. If they aren't thinking about it, they should be.**Food - Portion size 5/5**The portion sizes are unlike any restaurant I have been to. If I could give 6 out of 5 stars, I would. Their plates are HUGE. You will NOT leave Nigel's hungry.**Food - Taste 5/5**This was my second trip. The first time, for lunch, I had a Shrimp Po'boy, which was as good as any Shrimp Po'boy I've ever had. Being born and raised in Louisiana, I have eaten my fair share of po'boys. This trip, my wife and I split the Geechie wings as an appetizer, due to their high acclaim. They are definitely delicious, but I would caution to those who are unsuspecting, they are slightly spicy. It may be insulting, but next time I will get a few containers of ranch to dip them in. Other than the spice, they ARE delicious. You only get 8 for an appetizer, not sure if they have a dinner option.My wife had the Crab and Shrimp Ravioli. There is so much flavor in this dish. Ravioli, corn, crab, shrimp and more.......Again, I would caution, taste before you salt/pepper yourself. They don't hold back on the pepper in this dish. Nonetheless, it is delicious.I had the Shrimp N' Grits because I am on a mission to find the best in Charleston. If you read my other reviews, you will know my opinion on the best. I struggled all night with the decision, but I couldn't decided if Nigel's was better. My conclusion was, it is different, but just as good, comparing to the best I've ever had. It is different in that it has stronger individual flavors of ingredients. The sausage is REAL and not as subtle as some others. The gravy to thick and rich and the grits and creamy and delicious. **Location 3/5**For us, the location is perfect. Not far from where I live, halfway between my house and work. However, for Nigel's aspiration of being one of the most popular restaurants in Charleston, the current location is a problem. They are in a shopping center off Ashley Phosphate in N. Charleston. As busy as they are, I hope they are considering relocation. Their website says they are hoping to franchise, which I actually think would work really well......I would consider investing. If that is a real aspiration, a stand-alone restaurant model is what Nigel's needs. They definitely need more seating.**Parking 5/5**Private lot shared with the grocery store and other shops in the shopping center. **Cleanliness 3/5**There are a considerable amount of flies and to get to the bathrooms you have to go past the kitchen expo area and drink station. Having worked in a restaurant for 8 years after high school and through college, there was nothing out of the ordinary with the cleanliness of these areas, just that they were not segregated from the public.**Originality 5/5**Home cooked meals in a restaurant. Not super original recipes, but there isn't much competition out there besides Cracker Barrel, which cannot compare in flavor.**Service 4/5**Nothing to complain about. Server brought me unsweet vs. sweet tea once and my wife's coke was flat, but she was nice and apologized and brought us refills. As busy as she was with a large party table, we were pleased with service.**Price 5/5**Dinner entrees range from $10-15, which may seem pricey at some other places, but like I said before, for the amount of food you receive, that price is a steal.**Wait 3/5**This is Nigel's best area of improvement. With limited seating, waiting for a table can take a while. I have actually tried eating there 4 times and only ate there twice due to the wait time. I can only imagine how much business they lose because people don't want to wait. We went on a Saturday night at 6:41, we had a wait of 45 minutes, which was about exact, we were sat at 7:30. This was okay for us this time because we had time to run home after a road trip and change and come back. Under normal circumstances, I'm not sure I would be willing to wait that long.By time we ordered, ate, and paid, it was 8:45. So, bottom line, you need to be willing to eat here and invest the time, that is, until they upgrade and get more seating.**Atmosphere 3/5**The tables are a little cramped. The lighting is really low, which isn't that big of a deal. But, the major complaint was it was HOT inside. By the end of my meal, I was dripping in sweat. It was refreshing to step outside to July heat.Their website says it is upscale, but I would classify it more as a divey/casual Southern place. The waitstaff wears T-shirts and shorts.....nothing upscale about it.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/15/2014,59,204,3,7,5>It's an American-style German-beergarten-gastropub sort of place. It's always crowded, which is a good sign that they are doing things right. Parking can be a bit tricky too, so during peak hours, be prepared to park a block or so away and walk a bit. I came in today for the second time. Today it was for lunch with the Hubs, and Wee one. We got one pretzel to start, a Reuben, a Caesar salad with fried oysters, and a kid's hotdog. We also ordered a couple of beers from their extensive menu of brews. The pretzel came with smoked cheddar sauce, and hot mustard.  The cheese sause was quite obviously , made from scratch in-house. The mustard,  OMG!!! That crap will clean your clock! It's shocking, but in a good way. The pretzel itself was proper.The Reuben was super yummy. It came with a choice of sides,  I ordered the chips. They were in the best 5 housemade potato chips that I have ever had.The Hubs salad with oysters was huge and had lots and lots of crispy fried oysters. He really enjoyed it. The kid's hotdog with french fries was scarfed down so fast that I wonder if my kid actually tasted it, but she assures me that it was awesome! Our service was super friendly, super efficient, and super profesaional. My only warning is that the crowd here is Uber-young, Uber-chic, and Uber-self-absorbed-hipster. But if you can put up with the vapid, stupid, self-important attitude of the crowd; it's a great place to grab some food and a few brews.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/14/2014,10,113,1,7,6>Why review a crematorium, because they deserve it and then some.  We lost  our dog, Georgie, of 14 years the other night.  My wife called this fabulous place around 9:30 pm.  A real person answered.  My wife told them the situation, and  asked for a private cremation.  They transferred her to a Director who took the info.  They told her to come in the next morning at 9:00 am.  When she got there, 2 people were there to help her.  They took Georgie out of the car, and into a viewing room so she could spend her last moments with her.  She was told to come back at 3:00 pm to pick up the remains.  They called at 2:00 to come back.  Georgie was ready for her.  The professional approach they took was top notch.  My wife had her favorite toy cremated with Georgie, which they had no problem with.  They even washed the blankets that she was wrapped in.  My wife was given paperwork for assistance if she need it and other contacts. What a pleasure it was working with these people and their organization.  They made my wife feel like Georgie was the only dog in the world to, them.  Loosing a loved one is not easy, but they made it more comfortable.  Great service.  I hope you never need them, but if you do, don't go anywhere else.Frank G
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/13/2014,8,76,4,3,3>4 stars to begin with. Could update after getting inside there and seeing what it's like (Our boss picked up lunch for us, and that was my first taste). Big fan. Food is really good, and some creative stuff on the menu too. I got the Trucker Beef sandwich which is basically a primanti brothers type sandwich. It was great. very glad this place exists and so close to my work.  I will definitely go back. This falls into the category of what we call 'Fat Fridays' at work. Heavy, makes you want to nap, delicious. The fries are hand cut, and I love that you can choose from a variety of French fry sauces. Can't wait to see what its like inside the store! Many thanks.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/12/2014,10,88,3,2,3>Excellent fresh fruit made margaritas.  The Mojito was healthy and not overly sweet n sugary but not overly powerful with rum either. The carnitas Napoleon was excellent and the guacamole was delicious but pricey.  They have my favorite beer Weinstephener there so they get points for that too.  My wife had the margarita shrimp tacos and they fell flat.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/11/2014,283,570,3,7,5>The Daniel Island Farmers Market isn't anything fancy like the farmers markets in downtown Charleston or the one over in Mt. Pleasant; but it is a nice have for the Island. Located on the sidewalk right outside of the Family Circle Tennis Center the Daniel Island Farmers Market offers a little bit of something for everyone; some of the things you will find here include fresh vegetables, fresh seafood, coffee drinks, frozen treats, flavored cooking oils, artwork, and even live music. The market is open every Thursday from noon until usually 7PM during the summer months.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/10/2014,60,163,5,5,3>We stopped in last night to get some pizza to go after a Yelp event nearby.  I don't know how they made our pizza so fast, but it was ready within a few minutes.  I don't know how it could have even cooked that fast.  We ordered a Greek pizza which has quite a few watery veggies on it so we even asked them to make it extra crispy and it was still ready in less than about 12 minutes.They are getting the full five stars because 20 minutes later when we got home, our pizza was nice and crispy, not soggy.  The veggies were diced small, not huge pieces of toppings that make all the cheese cleve off in one motion and burn the crap out of your face.  Yeah, you know what I'm talking about.  The interior wasn't much to write home about, but they do have a nice outdoor patio.  Price was pretty reasonable for size and quality and Daniel Island.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/9/2014,57,83,3,5,3>Burwell's has the best happy hour specials in town. You can get a cocktail and a gourmet burger for $10. The burger is one of the best I've ever had and the drinks can't be beat. The value is ridiculous considering the quality of the food and drinks.Pro-tip: Go straight to the back patio and order your food and drinks there. You have a great view of the water and the bartenders on the patio are the same ones from the Speakeasy (RIP). They are true mixologists and can create the perfect drink time after time.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/8/2014,31,57,1,3,4>I think my husband and I were the only people there without blue or grey hair on a Saturday at 8 am. We thought we would have to wait for a table by the looks of the full paling lot, but the cafe is surprisingly spacious inside with plenty of room to sit. All of the waitresses we're very courteous, sweet and attentive. They all seemed very happy and genuine.I had the waffles which were two huge, warm, soft, and scrumptious Belgian-style cakes. The bacon side was plentiful for $2 but wasn't anything special. They had a daily special for breakfast as well. My husband had the spicy eggs Benedict which had a tangy sausage that tasted more like chorizo. He said it was the best he has ever had. I tried his home fried potatoes and the flavor was perfection. This family atmosphere makes you feel like you've just plopped down at grandmas for a holiday morning feast. I will definitely be back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/7/2014,31,81,1,3,2>If you don't feel like or don't have time to wash your own car, this Cactus car wash is the best place in town to use.  I've tried other places, and even the Cactus in West Ashley, but always come back here.  I keep the inside of my car really clean but when the brake dust starts to accumulate on the rims, I must get it washed.  I head to Cactus, get the Deluxe wash which is a run through the wash, towel dry, vacuum, window washing, and special shine up for the rims.Depending on what time of day you go or how the weather has been leading up to that day, it can get really crowded.  If the lines over 6 cars deep and the front line where they finish the cleaning is loaded, I've had to not stop numerous times b/c I'm too impatient.  But that's just me.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,10/6/2014,25,70,2,4,3>This review is ONLY on the rooftop bar and it's my favorite rooftop bar in town!  Yes, the drinks are pricy at $5/beer.  In my group, we ordered Coors, Blue Moon, Guinness, and Mich Ultra--all $5 each.  Beware that the beer is not served in real glasses.  This may be a fairly recent change.  I hadn't been there in over 6 months prior to last weekend and don't recall plastic cups in the past.  The cups looks like pint glasses; they aren't red Solo cups.  Also, my Blue Moons weren't filled to the top.  This may be because they pour from bottles.  Now that the negatives are out of the way...  Of course, there is a fantastic view of the peninsula and Ravenel Bridge.  Aside from that, you can actually TALK to other people.  The pop music played is at a nice level.  I much prefer being able to connect with people on a deeper level rather than have artificial small talk with a lot of different people.  Last weekend was chilly in the low 50's and there was high glass railing to block the nippy wind.  Had I known that previously, I may've frequented the bar over the Fall/Winter.I wouldn't call the wait staff overly friendly but they are not rude.  If anything, they are efficient and attentive.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/5/2014,86,456,3,3,4>I am truly in love. I can't believe I haven't written this review yet! I took my mama there today for lunch. It was her first time and she is very particular about her BBQ, especially being from NC. She ordered a burger and I got the Big Joe. When ordering I saw what looked like Brunswick stew and the sweetest young girl said "oh no. That's our hash and rice. Would you like to add it to your order?" My mom responded saying she wasn't a hash fan. When we paid, the smiling girl asked us to please wait. She returned with an order of hash and told my mom that she should try theirs and decide if she still wasn't a fan. Well let me say..... She is a fan. She has tried hash and rice before without success. Before we made it to the door with our takeout, my mom leaned over and said she will come eat at Melvins "a lot more", just because of the customer service. The food was awesome. I think we have a winner!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,10/4/2014,11,56,4,3,3>This store has it all. Why pay twice as much at other places when you can get it new here. Its much bigger than Big Lots and it has a better selection! This store is a lot of fun to go to. The book selection is huge and everything is cheap!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,10/3/2014,80,111,3,3,3>I really dont have a ton to write about the tree other than it is by far the most amazing tree of any kind I've ever seen in my life.  I had seen many pictures before but until you make the drive there and see it in person, you can't appreciate it's true beauty and size.  I wish I had read some reviews ahead of going so I would have known to bring a lunch.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,10/2/2014,718,356,4,6,6>Halo gets a four star on location and people watching appeal to start.  With an outdoor balcony on the second floor overlooking MUSC, it is a haven for people watching anytime of day.Excellent place to meet your caffeine needs whether it is a latte, coffee or just a shot of espresso.  Yum on the breakfast sandwich and chocolate chip muffins plentiful on the chips.The staff delivered our food when ready and the decor is just awesome.  If you are salivating about Comic-Con, you will love the art here.This is also a great place for Happy Hour.  Very cheap food including Queso and salsa and awesome drink prices.  If thought this was just a bakery and sandwich shop...Oh no, it is so much more.Come on by.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,10/1/2014,27,117,4,4,3>I have wanted to eat here since they opened. Tonight, after a ridiculously bad work day, I was craving a good chicken sandwich, so I headed over the bridge to check them out. I have heard stories of lines out the door so I was relieved to see a rather empty parking lot.  Nice looking restaurant.  Nothing too fancy (as it should be) but very clean.  I ordered a chicken sandwich with cheddar and spicy mayo and boy, I was not disappointed.  Fried chicken fried RIGHT.  Nice, big piece, piping hot, not greasy at all, with a crispy breading.  I enjoyed every last morsel of my sandwich.  I have to say that the bun was tasty, too.  I think they buttered and toasted it. GOOD CALL.  Fries were tasty.  Straightforward fries with the skin on them.  Nothing fancy but glad they didn't try to "tart" them up.  One negative:  Desserts.  Just two offerings- a pecan pie in a cup and vanilla milkshake.  Would be nice to have one or two other options (in particular, one dessert that does not contain nuts) and perhaps a chocolate milkshake, too?  Otherwise, I did not leave disappointed.  Service level was great.  Young, polite and courteous staff.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/30/2014,26,85,4,5,4>King Street has another new quality restaurant, this time at the corner of King and Morris. We ate here last night with a small group and the general consensus was that Union Provisions has a good thing going. Impressed by their renovations of this previously run down building, the restaurant has high ceilings that open up to exposed beams that give the place a very open and airy feel, huge windows that allow for lots of natural light and further create a feeling of openness. The walls, while redone, still have cool parts where they have intentionally left some of the building's original brick exposed. As for the food. The way that Union Provisions has decided to go is to make the portion sizes intentionally small so as to encourage the ordering of more dishes. The net effect being less spent per order ($8-$17), but I do believe you end up spending more in the end since ordering only two WILL leave you wanting more food. As for the taste and quality, it was overall very good. The duck confit dumplings and the Watercress Maitake Dumplings were tasty, the accompanying sauces made them better. The Cobia Crudo was nice, but I would try other things before getting this again. I was impressed by the grilled shrimp flatbread,  I don't think I had eaten something like that before and I wanted more. The grassfed gouda and bacon burger was delicious! I would highly highly recommend this - and given that the size of the burger is a normal burger size, this may also be one of the better values on the menu. I think they opened just a few days ago on 7/16 so the slightly slow service can easily be overlooked.  There was a mix up with an order that we just went along with and the burger that was originally ordered to medium rare was brought out well done and had to be swapped out - not a big deal though. We were happy to eat here last night, will look forward to our next visit, and happily recommend it to others.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,9/29/2014,200,305,1,6,6>I love this restaurant and love it double for being in Park Circle. Fratellos has a great menu (large enough but not so large to be over whelming), excellent food (the Chicken Scarpariello and Fra Diavolo di Mare incite drool just thinking about them), and reasonable prices for Italian fare.  The atmosphere can be both casual or more fancy if you need to be - it can really go either way.  Is it the lighting?  I don't know, just trust me on this one.  The staff are all wonderful and service usually pretty good.  On occasion it has been a little off mid-week but nothing that deters us from coming back.  This is definitely one of our favorite restaurants in Park Circle, you won't leave disappointed.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,9/28/2014,112,325,2,2,4>We went here for July 4 Fireworks. It's a neat stop for fireworks (and indoors unlike most other fireworks that are stands). They had lots of Buy One Get One Free deals on fireworks, too. It's also an antique store and has a ton of concrete things for outside. The people were nice and they have complementary popcorn, candy, and pretzels.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/27/2014,74,142,9,10,9>I visited Stars for the new "Pop-up Happy Hour" and was really impressed. I was a little apprehensive going into the event because a lot of other reviewers talk about how upscale and almost pretentious this place can be. Normally I don't have a problem with an upscale location like Stars being a little snooty. It comes with the territory and I actually find it appealing to a certain extent, but for a Tuesday evening happy hour I really wasn't looking for a stuck up experience.I walked through the front door and was warmly greeted. I flowed through the dark wood and hundred year old plaster, past the unique wine bar, and up the stairs that led to the rooftop bar. Instantly I was in a better place. Fans galore took the edge off the heat of the day while simultaneously blowing away the stress of the day. The bar tender approached with a smile and explained the 3 specialty craft cocktails of the day (only $3 too!) and amazing domestic beer specials ($2!). "Yea, I'm digging this." I thought as I sipped on a peach Bellini (don't you dare judge me until you try it) and tried to count all the church steeples in Charleston. I nibbled on the provided hors d'oeuvres and oysters as my friends arrived and settled into a corner of wicker chairs. Attentive wait staff took over from there. Providing for our every drink need with a smile and service so quick I wasn't sure how it was possible.I could get used to this. I really could. Stars has found a new customer and I hope that they continue to do these amazing roof top happy hours in the future. If you haven't been, you should. Just thank me later.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/26/2014,48,79,4,3,3>JAIL BREAK CHARLESTON!  What an awesome event!  If you haven't attended a Jail Break event at the The Old Jail then you are missing out.  The festival hosts local artists, musicians, comedians, dancers, vendors, and food trucks in an awesome setting.  It was an absolute blast and Yelp even had a booth set up!  This was the best event I have been to in Charleston in a long time.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,9/25/2014,28,113,2,4,4>Love going to Garden Ridge! They have anything you could think of. I like to describe it as a Marshall's, but the size of a Costco. Their inventory changes often, so we like to check it out at least once a month.Their staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I had to return a clock that would not work and they were not rude about it at all. They have a great return policy- lengthy, too. Most places give you thirty days, but they offer a ninety day return policy. The store is well kept, organized and they have clean bathrooms.I would suggest checking it out if you are in the North Charleston area.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,9/24/2014,129,194,4,6,5>This place was recommended to me by a friend and I have to say that it was fantastic!I moved here very recently and still haven't quite figured out where the best place to get/do (insert idea here) quite yet.  However, my sweet sweet pup had recently rolled around in some other animal poo in the yard and needed a bath as well as a nail trim/file ASAP since we were hosting loads of friends and neighbors at our home for a birthday party/mini housewarming event.Thankfully my friend recommended Pup in the Tub so I found the number and called in.  They were great! they squeezed in my baby the next morning (on the day before the party).  She was washed, trimmed, ears cleaned, and dried in about an hour.  I wasn't able to pick her up right away but when I did arrive they trotted her out cleaned, brushed, happy, and wearing a bandana (if your pup has long/curled hair I was told they could put a bow behind one or both of the ears).I am completely pleased with their treatment and care of my dog as well as the other dogs in the salon.  I will absolutely take my pup here again!Also, they were very wallet friendly! For my doggy's little spa day I was only charged $30 (which was great compared to Pet Smart where I just got her nails trimmed/filed and it was $20!)
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,9/23/2014,67,42,7,5,3>"What else floats in water?  A duck!"  I could not stop thinking about this movie quote the entire time I was there.  If you don't know what movie that is from, we most likely cannot be friends.  You are missing out on a hilarious movie and a great friend.  I'm pretty awesome.  MOVING ON...  This place was pretty cool!  I loved the building.  It is hidden behind some other stores on Folly Road.  Just look for the big painted duck!It has a great selection of tacos to choose from.  I had the fish taco and the steak taco.  Both were excellent!  The queso was also very good.  I had a bite of the jerk chicken taco and I was not a fan.  Tasted like dessert.  I don't know how else to describe it.  And I HATE dessert!  I hope the menu changes daily because when I went there was NO DUCK on the menu?!  I was a bit upset and after about a good 3 minute cry session, I composed myself and ordered.  The tacos were delicious and very well priced.  I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,9/22/2014,52,77,3,4,5>Great beer with a great view!At the back of the little industrial complex that is Pringle Street, sits Freehouse Brewery. As you're driving through you would have no idea that a little brewery is back there overlooking the Ashley. The parking lot is fairly large and the brewery offers a nice patio and a covered picnic area for visitors to enjoy a view while they enjoy their brew. (Sorry, I couldn't help putting a rhyme in there)We were there for a private party which had rented out the entire venue. The owner, Arthur, was extremely gracious and attentive. He told us all about their process of beer making and how they got Freehouse up and running. He was happy to answer any questions and you could tell that he was very passionate about what he was doing.The beer's themselves were very good. The Farmhouse Ale (a saison) was my favorite. He was also pouring a pale ale, a stout and a brown ale that I didn't try myself, but heard others singing it's praises. The beers are organic and sold directly from the brewery and at some of Charleston's best restaurants and bars: F.I.G., The Ordinary, McCrady's & Craftsmen Kitchen to name a few. They are in the process of getting their bottling system up and running and Arthur said they hope to soon be featured in some local markets such as Whole Foods and Earth Fair. Would definitely recommend this place for a party or company outing. It's an intimate setting but still large enough to hold 20-40 people.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/21/2014,27,66,5,3,6>Finally paid a visit to this place last night and I can't wait to go back!! My boyfriend and I arrived around 7 no problem finding a parking spot. The place is a little on the small side inside and we were stuck at a table right at the door! The staff was very friendly and our waiter made good suggestions. My boyfriend was very happy about the prices and the choices of seafood.We started with the crabcake bites which were okay. They were suppose to come with sauce but we never got any still okay without the sauce. Not a long wait at all with the entrees. I got the bam bam shrimp taco and the calamari taco. Calamari taco was very good. HUGE rings of calamari with "bam slaw" I'm not a big fan out cole slaw but this slaw was very good. That bam bam shrimp taco was out of this world! SO SO GOOD!! Huge jumbo fried shrimp with your basic lettuce, tomato with BAM sauce! God I could get that sauce by itself it was so good and spicy. And did I mention the HUGE perfectly cooked JUMBO shrimp!! I hope this place never leaves!!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,9/20/2014,4,22,4,8,3>The Charleston area needs more Italian dining options and Daniel Island needs more restaurants.  This place scores on both and is a welcome addition.  It is also good to finally see something using this prominent corner instead of an empty storefront. Arrived around 6pm with no reservation and told we could be seated at one of the high top tables near the bar as the main dining area tables were committed.  It was a nice table near the bar but not on top of it  and across from the wine room.  The decor is nice; understated but attractive. The service was very good and our server was prompt and courteous.  All of the staff seemed very attentive. The food was stellar.  Although I would like to see more "red gravy" dishes, there is a good variety in the menu.  The Orrechiette with sausage and Broccoli Rabe is a hit if you are in the mood for a savory dish.    The entree prices are decent, but some of the salads and small plates seemed a bit high.  There are family style options as well which might suit a larger party. I look forward to visiting LIDI again!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/19/2014,12,60,5,7,7>Readers, I know this is going to make you all cringe... but I am that person who will drink instant coffee AND office-made drip coffee if it means it's FREE. I am notoriously cheap when it comes to certain luxuries, despite very much enjoying good coffee. That being said: when my coworker brought me a lavender coffee (latte?) I was so blown away, I immediately decided to return later in the week for their Affogato Friday special. Yes, of my free-will I was going to pay whatever it cost, confident it would be well worth the money.  The lavender coffee was so wonderful it made my entire day. I told about eight people about it by that night. Well, I did return, and I will say, that affogato set me back 4.25, I price I would normally be indignant and ornery about. But it was heaven, or for those who find that phrasing sacrilegious, pure bliss in a cup. Gosh darnit, it was so tasty and so perfect I simply could not bring myself to fault the price. I could tell it was super rich, smooth, creamy high quality ice cream and not just a scoop of any-old ice cream plopped on in. Topped with pieces of house made English Toffee (also absolutely delightful!) and a perfect proportion of ice cream to liquid I could find nothing to improve on! Everything about the experience screamed "This is worth the price! Don't you dare insult them by being a brat about it!" Plus, they offer it to go, for those of us who were out on their lunch break and could not afford to linger in the spacious, wonderfully filled-with-natural light little shop. Indeed, they do not do anything by halves here. They deserve my money. They deserve your money. Go and experience it. Worth every penny. I promise. And if you can, enjoy the atmosphere, lined with bright windows and quaint furniture and plenty of open space, I have not seen a coffee shop I would rather sit in and enjoy a treat.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/18/2014,64,95,4,5,5>Lotus Flower is truly a gem. The staff has been very friendly and attentive every time I have been in. Not only do they excel in beautiful arrangements, but their orchids are breathtaking. My favorite part though is that they sell by the stem. So if I want something very particular, I can go into their cooler and pick out exactly what I want by hand which lately has been the most beautiful hydrangeas and peonies. I am spoiled rotten that they are in walking distance, but luckily there are a few parking spots available in a shared parking lot, and for downtown Charleston, that is a rarity.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/17/2014,29,73,2,3,3>Nice little space, and by littler I mean tiny and super casual. Menu was also very limited, however the lobster roll was fantastic. It was expensive, but well worth it. I give it 4 stars for the awkward ambiance, only counter stools and maybe a total of 8. I can't imagine this place on a busy night. Next time I will get the lobster roll to-go.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/16/2014,89,265,2,6,4>I regularly drive by this place on my way to surf and watched it go from abandoned surf shack to "something that might be cool" over the course of what felt like forever. When I saw the stained glass installed, I had really high hopes. I am stoked to tell you I was not let down when I got to check it out on opening day. First things first, the tap list is fantastic. Great variety, fair prices, truly something for everyone. I was pleasantly surprised to see an excellent bottle selection in a well-stoked retail section too- so nice to have a place other than a chain grocery store to buy decent beer on James island!The interior is as small as you'd think, looking at it from the outside, but it gives it a cozy, warm, living room kind of feeling rather than cramped. Everything is good looking and well crafted- the amount of TLC put into rehabbing this place is obvious. The staff were all very friendly and seemed to know their shit about beer. The backyard is extra special: the bandshell, shuffleboard (on the ground, not a table!), cornhole, dog area and bonfire pit make it seem like this will be a promising hangout spot for locals once it cools off a bit. Or for those with better temp control than me. I hope the Barrel keeps it up and is here for a long time to come, check it out!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/15/2014,17,58,3,7,6>I've eaten here many times. The service is perfect every time. The ladies serving know their food and take it seriously without being snooty. The food has yet to disappoint me. Yes, it is a bit louder as the bands fire up next door, yes it is a little pricey, and there's no white linens or sommeliers. If you want the quiet, fancy experience, with great food at a very high price, go to McCrady's. This is excellent food, at a slightly high price, with friendly knowledgable service, in a lively fun atmosphere. I love it. This is a James Island restaurant sharing walls with a live music venue, not South of Broad finery. To sum it all up... awesome food and service in a fun and lively atmosphere.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/14/2014,21,101,2,4,4>I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and freshness of Agave's. I went for lunch and sat on the outside patio. The service was good. Lunch prices were around $8 and they had a nice variety but not the big book menu like at other Mexican restaurants. The food was fresh and worth the price. I would go back anytime!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/13/2014,84,65,1,6,4>Bon Bang Mi is definitely a favorite place of mine.  This isn't necessarily the place you would go if you want to dine in with a large group of people because they have limited counter seating but that's not something you count against this type of business.  You come here for lunch when you are working nearby or for to go orders.  Their menu is limited buy for what they do they do it really well.  I would easily recommend the five spice pork.  The five spice pork is cooked well and seasoned to perfection. They do the simple toppings that you can either get as a sandwich, salad or a taco. They have a great compliment of hot sauces and assorted sauces for all those people familiar with Vietnamese food(fish sauce and nuoc mam). They have a nice assortment of random sodas that are worth trying.  Its a very casual place and the service has always been friendly and timely.   They do daily specials and at the time of this review I am munching on a Tameron shrimp sandwich which is great.  The portions are filling and the average cost is about 8.75 for a sandwich.  This isn't subway, this is amazing food at a low cost.  If you go there you will give this place a 4 or 5 review for the food. For a quick lunch place or Togo place I would not knock this place for its low key charm.  Amazing Vietnamese sandwiches is in Charleston and its spelt Bon Banh Mi, stay classy Charleston and check this place out.For 5 stars I wish there was
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,9/12/2014,85,48,2,4,4>Perfect example of a place I'd love to give separate stars for service and food. 4 stars for mainly amazing tacos but everything else has been delicious too. The taco dinner comes with three tacos and I always get one of each meat. Yummmmmy!!! The appetizer quesadilla is surprisingly delicious, too! My margaritas were generic but strong, no real complaints there. Volleyball court next door for Santi customers and a great outdoor area to sit and eat. Highly recommended for food, drinks, happy hour, and perfect for when you're heading back from Sullivan's! On a different note... Service was rough. I would say 1 star my first trip and maybe 3 stars any other times. They took forever to acknowledge us when we first walked in (it was empty too so we almost walked out!!) but then the food was decently quick.  I decided to ignore the initial service and go back again because the food was great! The other times service was quick but checking on us in between was slow. Extra point for the patio area being dog friendly even though it's somewhat closed in!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,9/11/2014,30,70,2,5,5>Well, I am a bit biased when it comes to this place bc I know the family that owns this place so I think this establishment can do no wrong!  I know how much they love their customers and how hard they work!  This place has a bit of everything: coffee, tea, wine, beer, snacks, sandwiches, music, and a great staff!  Stop by and give this place a try!  I am sure you will find something you like!!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/10/2014,94,197,4,9,8>I love Leon's. I've only been once, but that one time was enough to solidify it for me. I'm not a huge oyster fan, but we had three different kinds of oysters when we visited (raw, grilled, and fried), and they were all outstanding. I also enjoyed the fish sandwich and the shrimp. My only complaint is that the beers come in these tiny little glasses. It is a little pricey, so keep that in mind, but I think the price is absolutely worth it for high quality oysters.The atmosphere is also really great, and I'd love to come sit out on the patio with a drink after work on a nice day.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,9/9/2014,158,145,4,8,6>I stopped by here this past weekend after hearing that they've finally opened.  First off, the address has a "1/2" in it so you know the place is tiny.  It's a really cute space but it's going to get crazy crowded real soon.  There are a limited number of seats so I'd plan on most likely taking your order to go.After looking over the menu, I decided my best option were the three biscuits for $5.  The biscuits are indeed little as the name suggests, which I actually like.  The other option is to order one kind of biscuit and they come in pairs for $4.  They have both savory and sweet options.  I went with two savory (the cracked pepper & bacon and the cheese and chive) and one sweet (cinnamon).  Out of all of them, my favorite was probably the bacon.  However, overall I wish that I had added one of their flavored butters, which are only 50 cents, to add a bit more flavor and moisture to them.I also had a coffee that comes in one size: large (or what I'd consider a large).  They also offer mint tea, a pimento cheese sandwich and a side of grits that you can get in a bowl or biscuit bowl....mmmmmm, biscuit bowl.  And then there are a bunch of extras you can add to your biscuit, like the butter I mentioned earlier or gravy, cheese, etc.  So it's a relatively small menu, with the main focus being all about the biscuits. Another cool thing is that they carry a bunch of local products.  I made a mental note to come back and pick up some stuff (I'm spacing right now and can only remember little half pints of jeni's ice cream being one).  They even sell frozen versions of their biscuits you can attempt to recreate at home.  I kind of feel like they have some first week kinks to work out.  For example, the woman working the register (err, ipad) looked to be pretty stressed the whole time we were there.  Also, my order got lost somehow.  They were nice about it though and threw in an extra biscuit which I appreciated.  All in all, this place is going to do really well and I know I'll be returning to try some of the other biscuits and the grits in a biscuit bowl.....mmmmmm, biscuit bowl.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,9/8/2014,81,113,1,7,6>It has been a long time since I have seen a gun much less shot one but I feel like an hour here got my feet wet again. Justin and Kyle were so knowledgeable and accommodating. I paid for my ammo and had my choice of as many 9mm handguns as I wanted. I was primed on safety, stance, loading, unloading and grip. They were always available for questions. With a wide array of guns and targets to choose from and distance you can control, I feel like there is a lot of variety and freedom. I will definitely be back soon.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,9/7/2014,76,130,3,5,5>As a former Avondalite, I've definitely hit up TCB multiple times.  Whether it be for a halloween costume party, a birthday, or a much needed mimosa filled recovery brunch the next day, Triangle has always done me justice.  I've danced around the dinner menu, and was satisfied by everything, but the Sunday brunch is what keeps me coming back.  Just look at that picture and try to tell me that the stuffed french resting next to a delicate pile of sweet holy bacon doesn't make your mouth water!  I mean, damn!  I'm having a hard time writing about it on an empty stomach.  If you have not tried this, then you are wrong.  TCB is a great place to end a night and start the next morning.  Good booze, good staff, and good food are what it's all about.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/6/2014,49,75,4,6,4>Seriously, this is HANDS DOWN the best dentist I have ever visited. I can honestly say that I look forward to my visits with them. The staff are so friendly, and Dr. H is super down to earth. Amanda is my hygienist, and she is phenomenal. Even though she only sees me twice a year (normally), she remembers who I am and what is going on. She also never tries to ask me questions while her hands are in my mouth, which is awesome. She gives a great cleaning without supplying a bleeding mouth to go along with it. Dr. H has done some filling replacements (out with the metal and in with new pearly whites) and I have always been thrilled with his work! They were very kind about my ridiculous fear of needles and took it at my own pace during the procedures. He also filed one of my front teeth down to make it straighter (it wasn't much, but it makes a huge difference in my smile confidence)!If your allergic to dogs, be careful. They do have an office dog (Molly) and now an office fish (Ollie), but both are well behaved (and adorable)!The office is always squeaky clean, they have fresh coffee, and they often have drawings for cute gift baskets! VISIT THEM!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/5/2014,163,364,4,9,8>A unique place to get gourmet, high end food at mid range prices.  Think of a whole restaurant as one big chef's table and you'll get an idea. If this isn't for you, if you're used to fine dining style, you may want to get it to go or go elsewhere (Lana, for example, next door)I was skeptical-- the menu isn't super focused and the space is a little tight, but was very happy with my experience and especially the food. The chef (very affable) was real flexible and will work with your food requirements and it was a treat watching the food being prepared and dished..The set up is not for everyone (something like 12 seats laid across in to bars). It's communal/chefs table seating, so not easy to chat with your friends if you have a 4+ party.Another big plus: inexpensive wine and very reasonable entree prices makes this a multiple x/month type of place, not a once a year type of place. which is good, cause I'll be coming back!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/4/2014,197,496,4,6,12>So, not like you care, but I have been reeling from the death of a loved one for the past two weeks.  I was never blessed with having grandparents, however someone adopted me as his own granddaughter and he passed away.  Something he always said, jokingly, was, "Keep practicing!" whenever I would cook.  He is quite possibly the most responsible for my love of cooking for people.  Always a great reminder that you could probably be better, and always try harder.Butcher and Bee...you do NOT need to keep practicing - you all are definitely on top of your game.  I feel the people and food are top notch - very relaxed vibe, very happy staff, the food is delicious and creative.If they have the cantaloupe with honey, mint, and salt - GET IT.  Absolutely delicious.  I had the lamb pita which was the best tasting lamb I have ever had.  JR C. had the Cuban sandwich and it was also a standout.  I ordered the hummus (I was hungry) and it was delicious and the bread with it was perfect.  It is BYO, JR C. went around the corner and brought back a 6-er of Dale's which was the perfect beer for the food and scene.Overall, I absolutely loved this place.  No more practice for B&B - you're a winner!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,9/3/2014,34,62,13,5,5>Home Team BBQ will always have a special place in my heart for as long as God forces me to live on this earth. It will symbolize forever and ever the night of the week where I know that, come hell or high water, but certainly not death, I'll leave the doldrums of my house and venture to the place where I can find my last bit of happiness and sanity, even if that sanity is going away fast, thanks to the dumbs and fools that play in that godforsaken kickball rec league. More specifically, my last bit of sanity is housed in the form of a chicken wing. That's right, my friends, while all the food at HT is good, the chicken wings just might be the reason you survive the Bar, the sole reason you don't finally reject the sweet Lord and take that final jump off the bridge. I never really appreciated these wings until I had wings at another restaurant last Monday. Not only did those *other* wings cause me to sweat grease and light up my toilet like the Spurs have lit up the Heat for the last 2 games (not to mention the smell that lingered for a good 2 days), those wings caused me to have nightmares about life after the bar. Upon my return to HT on Tuesday, I had new energy. It was like running the bridge run and feeling like death had finally found you around the third mile, only to find the strength and courage to make it through the entire race. And don't even get me started on the Alabama White BBQ sauce, apply it liberally - trust me, you're sure to have that white mess all over your face and hair like a girl on her prom night. HTBBQ gets 5 stars because honestly, I can't really tell you with a straight face that I enjoy any aspect of my life right now other than those Tuesday nights when I meet other fellow bar studiers/chronically depressed friends. While I never know if I will see them again the week after, as I pray for god to end all of our pain, I take solace in knowing that should we continue to live, we will always have those delicious smoked wings only a short drive away.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/2/2014,12,30,5,8,6>I learned about Georgean's simply by driving down Line Street and spying their brightly colored sign. Then I happened upon a Post and Courier article about its opening and decided to give it a shot!The building Georgean's is in is tiny, so at the moment they just do take-out. You can smell the curry and jerk spices as you walk in the door. I ordered the curry chicken bowl with mixed veggies and rice and cauliflower mash. The curry chicken is cooked and served skin-on so flavor isn't lost. The curry is mild and deliciously home-y. The chicken curry is served over the veggies and rice so the curry sauce flavors that, too. My friend ordered the jerk chicken with the same sides plus mac and cheese. The mac and cheese is a creamy winner. The jerk chicken was also mild, so if you really love heat you might want to ask them to kick it up for you, but I'm a wimp for heat so I enjoyed the tamer, sweet jerk. The cauliflower mash was really smooth but very lightly seasoned so you might need to add your own salt and pepper!Both of our meals were tasty and comforting on the rainy day we ordered. I love that there is a new eating establishment right around the corner from me and I can't wait to try their other sides.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/1/2014,11,48,,4,4>One of the best beer selections in Charleston. Its great to see so many SC beers on tap!Friends and I stopped by and each got a flight of beers (4 samples), even with 12 beers we barley made a dent in the 100+ beers on tap. I look forward to coming back with my growler and getting a fill.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,8/31/2014,90,73,1,4,6>Parson Jack's has become our new neighborhood go to. The first time we ate here it was packed. We had to wait for a table. I think there was some kind of open mic or acoustic musician playing, but there was a good crowd. The past few times that we have been it's been very slow. Only one or two other tables and a few people up at the bar. Not sure what's up with that, but we've had nothing but pleasant experiences every time. The menu is pretty well rounded for your average neighborhood restaurant/bar. A good selection of appetizers including the Magic Mushrooms. These come in an option of fried or baked. I've always had them fried and they are full of cheesey goodness. My faovrite part of Parson Jack's is the bottomless fries. They fries are crispy and almost taste battered. Don't get all sad when you get a small portion on your plate because you have as many as you'd like.Parson Jack's is very dog friendly if you couldn't tell from the get go. Bring your pup and eat outside in the fenced in patio. Let Rover roam around and take a nap in the doghouse. Inside is completely decked out in dog decor. This plays defintely pays homage to the dogs loved by many. The menu raves about their famous Reuben. I have yet to try it, but it is definitely on the list. Mondays are $5 Burger Night
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/30/2014,43,313,4,5,3>I'd rather have great service in a dive bar than so-so service in a 5 star restaurant.Crave gave me the best of both - fantastic service, a great atmosphere and wonderful food all at the same place and time.  My wife and I popped in for an early bite after seeing a movie nearby.  We opted for a high top table in the bar area.  Butch greeted us quickly and was very welcoming.  I asked about the beers on tap and he was exceptionally knowledgeable and helped me make a great choice. He suggested a drink for my wife based on her preferences and it was great also.  My wife had the tilapia and I had the beef and pork bolognese.  Both were A+; the bolognese was enough for a take away box that I enjoyed the next day for lunch.   We were checked on several times without being pestered.  The entire staff was friendly and welcoming.Love this place and will be back!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,8/29/2014,83,87,3,9,6>This place is the perfect addition to Town Center.  I love walking and shopping around there all afternoon and then hit up Zoe's for lunch.  I love their decor and choice of colors.  It's so inviting and has a wonderful friendly feel.The employees are always super helpful and pleasant to order from.Their Tossed Greek Salad has the following ingredients: flat-grilled chicken, greens, pasta salad, caramelized onions, cucumbers, red onions, feta, tossed with Zoës dressing.  It is arguably the best salad in Mt. P.  Absolutely my favorite.  To be honest, you don't even need the dressing because the chicken is done so well.  They can grill a chicken breast to perfection every single time!  It's always perfectly seasoned and juicy. Also, if you like hummus with pita, look no further.  I won't go anywhere else, nor will I ever buy store brand any longer after having theirs. It's SO creamy, again seasoned just right and mouth watering.So if you want a super healthy and delicious lunch, definitely check this place out.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,8/28/2014,93,150,3,7,3>What a place for a sandwich! A local dive-converted from a Huddle House-into a craft beer and sandwich mecca. Of the Duck Confit and the Thanksgiving Sammy, there are two fantastic sandwiches here. The duck pretty much falls apart in your mouth, and is not dry in the least bit. Paired with the (seemingly basic) sides and condiments of the rest of the club sandwich, it is a punch of flavor. The Thanksgiving Sammy is a (premium) turkey with stuffing, cranberry something or other, on a roll. Dipped in gravy. What? Yes, this is my new unofficial Thanksgiving ritual. Other sandwiches I've had from here were this special of the day-a black pepper turkey on rye with an orange sauce that was worth every penny, and the Moose burger. Both great, but the burger is my least fav. They also have random board games and a couple of pinball or arcade games too. Nothing much, but something to do. The waitress here has said that they basically strive for "good meat and good beer". Good words to live by. I make an attempt to stop by here any chance I'm in the area. This is a must visit for any serious Yelper or person serious about good food.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,8/27/2014,27,41,8,9,6>The great service everyone is mentioning is Maestro Brandon. Tip him well or I will cut you -_-Other Yelpers are giving the crab bisque well deserved praise, but you don't want to miss out on the chicken fiorentina! My favorite dish is the spaghetti aglio e olio. It is a manly, peppery, garlicky, anchovyey pasta creation - not for whimps.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,8/26/2014,12,41,3,4,5>Even though I know it's backwards, I'm going to start with dessert, because let's be honest....isn't that the most important part of the meal anyway? While we were eating, my husband mentioned that he had seen a "mound of cake with a pile of ice cream" go by for delivery to another table, and declared that is what we would be eating for dessert. When it came time for dessert, he asked our server about what he had seen. She clarified for him that what he thought was a mound of cake was actually cornbread, and what he thought was a pile of ice cream was actually honey butter. You know what comes next, right? He orders the cornbread for dessert. And let me tell you something else--it was NOT a mistake! This cornbread was more cakelike than some cakes I have had, and definitely better! Don't be shy. Just do it. Both the cornbread and the honey butter are so sweet that they actually fit better as a dessert than as a side, in our opinion. It was seriously amazing. But, that wasn't really a surprise at this point in the meal, as everything else prior had been equally as fantastic. Things we ate that were amazing: beef jerky, tuna crudo, fried carrots (if you have even a mild tolerance for carrots, get these--they will change your life), spiced nuts and a second order of beef jerky (brought to us because our burger was taking too long, complimentary!), a burger, with fries and curry sauce, and the chocolate fudge brownies. (And the cornbread. OHMYGODTHECORNBREAD!) While I'm giving it 5 stars, because the food was so good, I do have to add one disclaimer:Drink prices. Yes, I know you're a brew pub, but not all of us drink beer. Suddenly it seems like Charleston thinks $12 is an acceptable price for a "craft cocktail." I used to live in Washington DC, and $12 is pretty routine there---but Charleston? I have a hard time with anything that's $10 or more, unless you're going outside to pick the fruit off a tree. :)  Also, this place is not so upscale that their drinks warrant $12 a pop. We actually went to Husk beforehand for a cocktail, and only paid $8 and $9 for our drinks there. This is definitely a deterrent for me to order drinks here, whereas if they were 7 or 8 apiece I would likely end up ordering two. Everything else on the menu seemed very reasonably priced, but the drinks were a bit steep. That being said, don't let it stop you. Go here. Park in the parking lot (yes, they have parking!), and eat everything. You won't be sorry!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,8/25/2014,10,97,3,5,5>Delicious, authentic Italian pizza!  So good, even the crust is worth eating!  DeSano Pizza is a great place for large parties, plenty of family style seating and ample parking.    You get to see your pizza being prepared and cooked in one of three imported stone ovens.  The staff is so friendly, which only adds to a great pizza experience.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,8/24/2014,24,92,4,7,5>I've been here about 5-6 times and it's become a staple of mine here in Charleston. I switch between ordering 5-6 small plates between my boyfriend and I or just us going to town on 2 noodle bowls. Either way you go, you cannot go wrong. The building is adorable. Very small, personable, intimate, romantic?, and rustic. They somehow made the industrial movement look and feel homey. I applaud them. The service has always been awesome and food delivered within a reasonable amount of time. Some people's biggest complaint about this restaurant is that the "food takes too long!!!" Well I have a response that: this is not the type of dinner you go out to and rush your way through. Sit down, relax, have a glass of wine, and enjoy your company and your food. As I said before, this place is small; it's intimate, enjoy it for the love of God!! It is an open kitchen, you can see the staff chugging away and working hard making your food; it's not like they are standing there instagramming your food for you because let's be real; you were going to anyways. Their craft beer selection is always diverse and the wine list isn't too shabby. I've tried all the reds by the glass and although I wasn't super pumped on any of them, they were all obviously drinkable and enjoyable. Now on to the most important part: THE FOOD! The menu changes quite often, varying from season to season and what's good that day from local farms. I've tried 3 different types of soup here. All have been really hearty and big on the veggies which is the kind of soup I like. I've had the beef tartar, the shishito peppers, the clams, the breakfast sandwiches, the noodle bowl, seasonal lettuce salad, brussel sprouts, sweetbreads, halibut, hot chicken, bread and butter...the list really does go on. You really cannot go wrong. I feel like my bowl o noodle needs a separate paragraph though. First off, noodle bowl night is on tuesdays and they offer more toppings into the bowl but the normal list is offered all week lunch and dinner. I always get whatever I can in the bowl. Soft egg, pork confit, onion, pickled mushrooms, kimchi, EXTRA KIMCHI, sesame greens, and brussel leaves. If that description of a dish doesn't turn you on in the weirdest way possible there is a damn good reason we aren't Yelp friends. Dessert: Order the oatmeal pie. It is like crack. Although I've never tried crack. Recently TB has had a blast of people giving them 1 and 2 star ratings and I am SHOCKED. When i give out 1 and 2 stars it's drunkenly going to Taco Bell because they won't serve me at 2:01am when all I want is a bean burrito or the place that gives me food poisoning. But hey, to each is own! And quite frankly, the more noodle bowl for me.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,8/23/2014,58,60,3,4,4>On a sleepy Saturday morning with pups in tow, a friend and I were in search of a little brunch and a big cup of coffee, so we turned to Yelp for some nearby options. After perusing their online menu and spotting a crepe named "The Brittany", it seemed like QSG was meant to be. I'm so glad we tried it!After much indecision on my part, I went for the Sullivans Crepe (turkey, swiss, avocado, and chipotle sour cream), and I was not disappointed! This savory treat was filling without being heavy, and the chipotle gave it a nice little kick. I also sampled the s'mores crepe for a little post-brunch dessert, and it definitely hit the spot.While the food is enough to keep you coming back for more, it was the overall ambiance that really made me fall in love. The staff is warm and welcoming, and their dog friendly space makes you want to sip on your coffee all afternoon. If you're looking for a relaxing start to your weekend, QSG is perfect!I haven't done any actual grocery shopping here, but if you're looking for craft beers and one-of-a-kind local products, you might want to take a peek in here! All in all, I know I'll be back, and I'm so happy to find another brunch destination in one of the cutest parts of downtown!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,8/22/2014,9,29,7,8,7>...And the parade of pretentious new restaurant titles continues in Charleston!  Naming concerns aside, I finally had the pleasure of eating at The Obstinate Daughter last night and, after hearing so much buzz about the place, I must admit this "food fort" left me glad I had made the trip out to the island!       So, I suppose it's not The Obstinate Daughter's ("O/D's" if you want to tell your friends at the vinyl record store or on Reddit about it) fault that I came to the meal ready to be disappointed.  It seems lately with the explosion of new restaurants in Charleston, that every other time I eat out at some new place with a quirky name and "reclaimed" furniture I wind up leaving broke, hungry, annoyed, or, worse, a combination of the three.  (Xiao Bao Biscuit, your review is coming...)  So, it's no surprise that, given the O/D fits perfectly into this category, my head was beginning to fill with vitriol even as I parked my car.  Speaking of which, the O/D's parking lot is minuscule so expect to park on the street somewhere.  You'll be able to find something close though so the walk is no biggie.       Upon entering I was immediately struck by how great the renovations look compared to Atlanticville, which used to occupy the building.  The theme is definitely "rustic nautical", and rope, iron, and reclaimed wood cover literally almost everything.  The bar is situated directly in the entrance way with smaller bar seating and tall tables lining one side of the room.  It's tightly packed in the bar area and you have to pass through it to get to the restrooms so maybe have aunt Tammy leave the HoverRound in the car...or do us all a favor and just don't bring her!  Despite it's openness, the volume level never got out of hand and the atmosphere was very relaxed.  One really nice feature is that the dining room is on the second story so the view out of the numerous bay windows is of the treetops.  This gives it a really cool, adventurous vibe akin to your parents letting you camp out in your tree house one summer night; assuming, of course, that they also served you raw PEI oysters and seared snapper up there too.  As for the crowd, it was packed.  You'll definitely want to shoot for reservations.  But, even with that and my group of five, we were seated in short order by two extremely polite and personable hostesses (hosti?).      My group started out with cocktails because this is America and alcohol is awesome.  The drink menu is copious and honestly, almost everything on it sounded awesome!  The ladies tried both of the on-tap cocktails that were offered, one a jalapeno tequila and one a cucumber rum, I believe, and they were great!  Usually on-tap cocktails are weak and taste funky, but these were both excellent and I didn't feel like I was paying $9 for Kool-Ade.  They had about 6 beers on tap which were all good, craft beers but they were all also in the $6-$9 range as well.  I'm a big bourbon fan, so I ordered a Maker's old fashioned which was expertly made.  Everything about the bar and drink service was great, no complaints at all in this department!       And so to the main event:  the food.  Let me preface this with a moment about the menu.  The reason I opted for 4 stars instead of 5 is simply because of the adoption of this new "trendy-foodie" style menu that seems to be the standard everywhere now.  Not everything, everywhere all the time has to be tapas!  To be fair, it's not all tapas, but the way the menu is crafted, they clearly want it to be.  Basically, you've got "plates", "pastas", and "pizzas" as categories to choose from.  Plates run from about $8 all the way up to about $20.  The single digit priced plates are meant to be apps for one or two to share.  The double digit priced plates are meant to be a single entree for one.  And, don't be confused, it's one single culinary item to enjoy.  I started with a half dozen of the river oysters which were great!  Also, our server was extremely kind, prompt, and knew everything about the menu when we had questions.  Of the plates, we had a flat bread with a lima bean puree (crazy good), "Geechee Frites", and the grilled octopus and kimchi.  Some said the kimchi was a bit spicy for them, but I loved it!  In all, they were absolutely delicious!  The pasta category was about 6 different pasta dishes and they actually delivered quite a bit of food!  Delicious as well!  We also ordered two pizzas which are 11" and would be enough for one grown man to enjoy.  Again, as to the portions, they're pretty good but as a fully grown dude, I would need no less than two or three selections off the menu to leave satisfied.  That said, everything we ate was delicious, and when the five of us were done, we hadn't even cracked $200 for the table, several cocktails included!  I highly recommend that you make time for this new spot!  It's so good, even Eddie Vedder might be saying "Call me Daughter" after this one!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,8/21/2014,68,163,3,2,2>This has been a favorite of mine since moving into town five years ago. I often go for the buffet, but have ordered from the standard menu, too. The food is always delicious. The service is better at dinner, but the lunch and brunch service is sometimes lackluster.I especially love the seafood casserole, shrimp and grits, fried chicken, mac n' cheese, and peach cobbler.It is weird that they don't have coffee at brunch. (Or ever?)
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2014,8/20/2014,85,63,,5,4>An authentic ramen house in Charleston?! Very exciting for this area, plus they are open late! For those that have never had authentic Japanese food this is a great place to start! For those that have been to Japan or have had other authentic ramen houses else where this might be a miss for you. A plus for this ramen house compared to others I've had is that they have substitution options. For example, if you don't eat pork you can ask to substitute it for chicken. If you are vegetarian they can sub the broth for a vegetable broth. Me and my friends shared the Japanese curry,  miso broth ramen, the salmon onnigiri, salty plum (umeboshi) onigiri, and gyoza.  Although everything was cooked well there was still something left to be desired. To me everything tasted like a semi-homemade Japanese restaurant. Nothing tasted bad, but it all also tasted like something I could buy at H&L asian grocery store and make at home. For example, the meat and veggies were cooked perfectly in the Japanese curry, but the sauce itself tasted like the Vermont curry you can buy at the store. The ramen noodles and meat were good, but the broth was underwhelming. The broth was bland, and the spinach in the ramen made it slightly bitter. I also have never seen spinach in ramen before. The gyoza was good but wasn't any different from what you can find in the frozen isle of the grocery store, and was quite expensive for what you get. The onigiri was probably the best thing I ate. Onigiri is a rice ball filled with stuff like salmon or other salty filling, and wrapped in seaweed. I had the salmon onigiri and the salty plum onigiri ( or "umeboshi" which is a pickled plum). They both balanced well with the rice and are a great affordable snack at $2.50Overall, this place is decent. It's a small hole in the wall with friendly staff. I would still take people here, and I'm willing to still try other things on the menu. The things I would suggest are the Japanese curry and the Onigiri. I do hope they continue to try to improve the taste of their broth. This place has some real potential to be amazing! Some menu items that I would love to see in the future: Kare pan which is a fried Japanese pastry covered in Panko breadcrumbs and Japanese curry inside.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/19/2014,4,41,3,2,2>We really liked Bistro Toulouse and will go back. we didn't have a full dinner as we were there to watch the World Cup Football on their TV at the bar. I had the Steak Tartar and a salad on both were well prepared, fresh. It's a very pleasant, place to eat. The staff is very attentive and everything is new.Give it a try. ( Thought the chef was French, but i could be wrong. Very authentic food on the menu and it looked lovely at the other tables I saw. Wine list looks good too)
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/18/2014,32,79,2,2,3>My biggest advice is don't go when it's hot.  I've never sweat so much in my life!  There's no AC and it was jam packed full of people and there were two doors open.  That was the only air-flow.  Besides that, it was such a COOL venue to see a concert!  It's small, intimate, and truly unique as a space.  The bar is fully stocked and the crowd always seems fun.  I will see more shows there, for sure - as soon as it's cooler out!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/17/2014,77,69,3,3,4>I finally went here on the 4th and was incredibly impressed. I'd heard great things but with so many great places to eat in the area, was a bit doubtful on how good it would really be. We had the scallops appetizer to start. Tho quite pricey for 3 decent-sized (but not mammoth) scallops in some greens, everyone in my party agreed it was phenomenal. Up to trying these, I was never a huge scallop fan. I like them as an additive in a dish but never would have eaten them as an entree. I would eat these several times a week if someone cooked them for me. I had a burger as an entree and it was seriously the best I've ever had. I have no idea what magic they put into it, but I'm pretty sure the angelic light from Sword in the Stone shined when I took my first bite. And to top off everything being extremely tasty... the service was on point. I usually expect less-than-great service on holidays... but nope... not here. Spot on.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,8/16/2014,158,161,3,4,5>We just call this place "the wine shop".  It took me forever to learn its actual name.This is such an intimate little place to have a few glasses of wine, small plates of cheese and charcuterie and listen to some of the best musicians in Charleston.There are just a few tables and a few seats at the bar which makes it easy to get to know everyone sharing the evening together.  I always leave with new friends from all over the world and around the corner.Lauren, the awesome gal that is the force behind this place, makes great recommendations and seamlessly makes everyone feel at home.It's just a few steps away from the touristy Market Street, but it embodies so much of what I love about Charleston as a local.  Friendship, wine and music.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,8/15/2014,40,77,4,5,5>I will never look at a traditional salad again after trying CO's Vietnamese Chicken Salad! The Vietnamese Chicken Salad conisted of cabbage, red onion, shredded chicken, pickled carrots, cilantro, sweet lime dressing, crispy onions, prawn krupuk. I had never had a dish quite like it and I am happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised. And that was just my entree!We arrived just before Happy Hour ended on Friday evening so we decided to order a couple drinks and an appetizer. The CO signature cocktail, basically a martini, was actually quite delicious and apparently very popular during Happy Hour since it is at a special price of only $5.00. They had other options from their guava mimosa, house wines, and select draft beers but the signature cocktail is a great alternative to all the typical Happy Hour drinks. The appetizer we ordered was their crispy pork and crab spring rolls. It did seem to take a bit longer than usual to receive the order but once we did we were again very pleased. The portion size did not disappoint and neither did the taste. From the bed of lettuce and the pickled carrots, cilantro, and dipping sauce served along side, it is a very well composed dish. My husband ordered the Korean Short Rib Bon Mi. Allowing me the privilege of taking a small bite I have to say that it was quite delicious as well. It is a sandwich with braised short rib, kimchee, gochujang aioli, cucumber, pickled carrots, jalapeño, and cilantro served on a toasted baguette. The beef itself was tender and very flavorful with the tiniest hint of anise that perfumed the entire dish. Definitely a dish I would order myself. Service was good, ambiance was inviting and comfortable, overall we had  a great dining experience.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/14/2014,28,96,3,4,5>Just a quick stop in to get some macarons...I heard about this place from a friend who stopped by the other day. I stepped in and saw the pastry display and thought I had died and went to heaven! The menu looked divine and the crepes were very tempting. The staff is amazing, all very nice and attentive. I gathered it was a family run establishment and the owners waited on me from start to finish. Very polite and professional.  I grabbed a dozen macarons and two mini croissants and was in and out rather quickly considering the crowd of people also salivating over all the options! The macarons are quite possibly some of the best I've ever had and my current title holder is Bouchon.  The shell was perfect, crisp and moist and the filling was equally amazing. My favorite has always been pistachio and they did not disappoint! Bravo pastry chef! I live in Summerville, so its quite a drive, but I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2014,8/13/2014,63,113,4,5,4>This is tin the old Jack's Cosmic Dogs.  I like the renovations they've made.  It was very nicely done. The staff is friendly.  Making recommendations since the menu was  very unusual. I got the Caprese Burger with Fried Mac & Cheese bites.  I really enjoyed the burger but the Mac & Cheese bites which I have been dying to find again since I tried it for the first time in Boston were a little dry or over fried. I forgot to ask to take my leftovers home. Oh. They have 32 draft beers and IPA options which was nice.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,8/12/2014,28,88,3,5,5>Five Loaves is and has for a long time been my favorite restaurant in Charleston. I love the many healthy options they offer. The soups, salads and sandwiches are unique, but also delicious!! I really like that they offer half and whole options. They have a great wine list and on Wed and Sat 1/2 price bottles of wine!Today was an especially awesome experience as I took my goddaughters who have to eat gluten free. After a terrible experience elsewhere yesterday, it was such a relief to enjoy such a good lunch at five loaves. Five loaves has many gluten free options, and for kids--gluten free bread for sandwiches! The girls had grilled cheese/peanut butter on gluten free bread with grapes and orange slices.As always, it was a pleasant experience at Five Loaves and it continues to be my favorite spot!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,8/11/2014,100,213,3,4,4>There are not a lot of things you can do these days that doesn't cost you an arm and a leg.  Well in Charleston, SC you can come to The Joe and see Riverdogs Baseball.  For  as little as $ 8.00 you can see a NY Yankees affiliate team play ball.  But it's not just about baseball with the Riverdogs, they do a great job of thinking about the whole family.  They've got a little of something for everybody.  I was introduced to the Beer-Shake.  Yes, Beer-Shake (a milkshake with beer in it).  I'm gonna let you know I was highly skeptical about this combo, but I'm curious, so I take the plunge.  They have a few different flavors; I got the Palmetto Chocolate Shake.  The shake consisted of  Palmetto Brewery's Espresso Porter and chocolate ice cream.  I was shocked to say that it didn't suck.  The flavor was very interesting; and when paired with something hearty like the brisket sandwich that they serve at the park. You've got yourself a very unplanned and unexpected good time.  I hope one of my beer snob friends comes to visit me this summer so we can go to see a Riverdogs game and I can see their face as they have a beer shake.  Thanks Riverdogs for a wonderful evening.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,8/10/2014,63,159,4,9,4>Beth continues to impress. My hair has never looked better!I went in for a refresh on my highlights and a cut to clean up my layers. Overall, I was looking to lighten up for the Spring. My highlights were the perfect color...blonde, light, and not gold/brassy (this is perfection to me!). I had also asked her about the possibility of lighting up the ends, kinda like ombre-ish. I am so pleased with the outcome, and I have gotten SO MANY compliments on the color, including two as I was walking down the street immediately after my appointment!My cut was spot on and exactly what I was looking for...not too much off the ends, a refresh on my layers, took some weight off the front....simply perfect! I feel like she truly knows my hair.Conversation was friendly, sweet, and so enjoyable during my services. I felt so catered to, and her full attention was on me. Such an experience.I also had her wax/trim my eyebrows for me. I typically just get this done at a nail salon, but I am SO GLAD I had her take over this service. She gave me a perfect shape. I also really loved that she used hard wax.I walked out of the salon with a happy heart, big smile, and fabulous hair. Beth is such a talented, true professional. I am so glad I found her at Allure! I would recommend her to anyone and everyone.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/9/2014,45,78,4,4,3>Ive heard about this place opening a month ago. It is a very cool relaxed place.  The atmosphere is just very soothing. The staff was fantastic and attentitive. Great outdoor patio and music playing felt like you were on "an island" I had the ceviche sampler as an appetizer.   I ordered the Pork Chop which came with the best sauteed kale and a grilled pineapple chutney and au gratin potatoes.  My friend got the Flounder Filet...  which basically was fish and chips but let me tell you..  it was the best fluffy flounder ever!! Melted in your mouth came with a jalapeno Tartar sauce.   I enjoyed myself so much and will defintely be back.  I highly recommend you go and check out this place.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/8/2014,29,104,5,6,4>Had a great experience here for my birthday. After they sat us in a communal table which was too crowded for the quiet evening we had planned, they were gracious enough to reseat us. After that, everything went great. We were one of the first people to visit and so even the waitress wasn't sure on a couple of wine pairings, but she asked the bartender and it was all worked out. The oysters we had were great, as were the other apps.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/7/2014,38,95,4,4,3>Great event!!! When you come into the park - you received a commemorative cup and tickets for 1 or 2 free drinks. There were some great food trucks there. Friend and I shared an awesome plate of BBQ from Bay Street Beirgarten. Plenty of different drafts for you try from crafters from all over. Beer school was fun and free. Lots of great vendors there selling their wares as well. Fun time was had by everyone !!!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,8/6/2014,21,63,5,5,3>**Overall Rank     4.5/5**Our third time here, and nothing has changed. I wanted to order the crispy flounder, but I couldn't bring myself to do get away from the Shrimp and Grits. This is the one restaurant that my wife and I have brought all of our visiting family to, and they all say they can't wait to come back to eat at Fleet Landing. If it is your first time there.....Shrimp and Grits and Pecan Pie with vanilla ice cream. If you have a chance to return, then you can explore the menu.**Food - Portion size     4/5**Lunch is the best time to go. The portion size is "slightly" smaller than the dinner entree, but half the price. Either way, the quality meets the price.**Food - Taste     5/5**The Shrimp and Grits are inexplicable. Okay, not really, but they are SOOO creamy and delicious. The Shrimp are big and cooked perfectly. The andouille sausage and tasso ham gravy add a rich flavor that reminds me of great food back in Louisiana.Bottom Line: You MUST try the Shrimp and Grits and for dessert, get the pecan pie with ice cream.**Location     5/5**Great location downtown, just a block away from the slave market and from Waterfront Park. **Parking     4/5**If you drive to Fleet Landing and don't walk, the parking can be VERY frustrating. They have a tiny lot with only one direction, so getting out can be tricky. There is a large parking lot for the port next door that is permit only, don't try that. If you go down Cumberland Street, you will see the restaurant directly in front of you. Just before you get to the stop sign on Concord, there is a parking garage to the right. Save yourself some time and park there. You can walk to the restaurant, up/down Meeting Street, to the slave market, to Waterfront park. It is $1 for every 1/2 hour.**Cleanliness     4/5**The only downside, which is out of their control, is the harbor during low tide. There is a strong muddy smell if you sit outside. Other than that, nothing to complain about.**Originality     4/5**Nothing too original, southern feel good, but they do it better than most. **Service     5/5**Service is always good. Wait staff are polite and chatty. Our waiter gave me a hard time for looking at my Yelp while ordering. He thought I was reading reviews, but I had some personal recommendations I was looking up. He laughed about it. **Price     4/5**Considering the service and atmosphere, the price is too high. Throw in location and it makes sense. **Wait     5/5**As busy as they were, we (table of 5) were sat immediately. Food comes quick. In and out for lunch in about 45 minutes.**Atmosphere     5/5**Right on the water. We like to sit outside so our daughter can watch the boats, planes, wildlife, etc. This experience was awesome because there was a thunderstorm out over the water that made for a cool view.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/5/2014,76,127,11,13,10>I don't like to give out five star reviews.  Reason being; I think there is always room for some improvement in terms of price, service, ambiance, etc... but based upon my first experience at Ichiban for lunch today, they absolutely deserve a five star rating.Anyone who frequents the West Ashley side of Cosgrove knows that Ichiban has been under construction for quite some time...years in fact.  A few months ago we finally started to see the final touches being put on the building and they reopened.  After reading a couple of other Yelpers' low reviews I was skeptical, but still thought the place was worth giving a try because the complaints seemed to be a little bit off base and/or strange.  Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but let's face it, some people are just weird and you can usually tell when you read their assessments of places.Fast forward a few months...the wife and I have now mentioned that we should get over to Ichiban to give it a try at least 20 times while driving by.  Their $6.95 lunch special sign flowing in the breeze was certainly enticing...why haven't we gone yet??  Well, as fate would have it, we were basically forced to go to Ichiban today.  Our original plan was Red Orchid Bistro, one of our local favorites, but a FREAK POWER OUTAGE in the entire strip center where Red Orchid is located dashed those plans.  Tony, the manager/owner was hilariously apologetic and handling the whole situation well, but we still needed lunch and our number one option was stolen from us...where to go?  ICHIBAN!I know that was a long build up, but let me tell you that it will be worth it.  As soon as Colleen and I walked into Ichiban, we were amazed by how well the renovations turned out.  The place is downright swanky inside, complete with illuminated starlit ceiling.  It actually feels like more of a lounge and anything else, but in a very comfortable way...and I do mean comfortable, I'm pretty sure their booths are made with memory foam. We checked out the lunch and dinner menus and pricing was extremely reasonable.  The wife got salmon hibachi which came with veggies and rice and a salad to start ($7.95), and I got the three sushi roll lunch which also came with a salad ($10.95 - pictured).  You also had the option to get soup instead of salad but it's summer time in Charleston which is not exactly soup weather.  Both of our dishes were really well prepared and seriously tasty!   Great portions and high quality ingredients.  One of my main pet peeves is when salmon is overcooked, but Colleen's came out perfectly prepared. Everyone else around seemed to be enjoying their meals as well - we actually ran into some folks we saw in the Red Orchid parking lot who were in need of some lunch grub.  Service was great, and the place seemed to be very well staffed and well managed.  All in all, this was an excellent experience and I will absolutely be going back very soon!  My only regret is that I haven't stopped by this place sooner!  Amazing.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/4/2014,35,136,3,8,4>Bessinger's has two parts to the restaurant:  one is the buffet side that personally I have never been to - but if you drive past on a Sunday during buffet hours, the parking lot is packed.  The other side to Bessinger's is the "sandwich shop," as I call it.  You order from the counter and take a seat, then they call you a couple of minutes later when it's ready.  The last time I went a couple of months ago they gave us a buzzer instead of calling out our name.  I always get the Little Joe basket that comes with a good portion of steak fries and one onion ring.  The sandwich is saucy with that wonderful mustard sauce mixed in with the pulled pork.  Nothing else.  It is perfect as-is!  The onion rings are enormous, super thick and coated with a pancake-like batter.  They are crisp and hot and even better when dipped in the mustard BBQ sauce.  My mom swears by their cheeseburgers (yes in a BBQ restaurant, but that's what she likes.)  My dad has had their platters before with ribs, brisket, etc. but I haven't tried those.  There aren't servers, just counter folk, and they come out and clean up the dining area.  The drive through is very fast, faster than ordering at the table usually.  Just make sure to ask for a cup of BBQ sauce if you want some.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/3/2014,59,204,4,6,6>This is one of Charleston's  best new hidden gems. I came to Striped Pig distillery today with the hubby and we were treated to a complimentary tasting of vodka, rum,  and moonshine: all of which is distilled on property. We walked up to the front door and were greeted by their ambassador, a huge friendly Golden Retriever.  As we walked in a very nice lady named Jules welcomed us into the tasting room and gave us a great complimentary tasting.  We were then escorted back to the distilling area for a tour by a very passionate and knowledgeable distill master. He explained the entire distilling process from grain to corked and labeled bottles ready to ship. They even hand-apply, sign and number EVERY bottle by hand! When our tour was over, I was actually sad to leave, BUT we did not go empty-handed. I now have a great bottle of Striped Pig Rum front and center in my bar!   While the whole operation is quite quite small , and the tour is pretty quick, you get a sense that these guys really know what they are doing. You also here in their voices and see on their faces the absolute passion and dedication that they have for their craft.Charleston is a finer city for having Striped Pig Distillery in it!!!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/2/2014,42,206,3,7,3>Went in today for my hair cut with Mere. Super cool location ... love the concept of the small salons under one roof. She was running a few mins behind but I didn't care. She took the time to really listen to what I wanted in a hair cut. A hour later, not only had I had a great conversation with no weird silent periods but my hair looked great. I highly recommend. Great job Yelp for referring me!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/1/2014,29,117,5,8,5>Finally made it back here for one of their bento boxes...had teriyaki chicken, fried rice, salad, california roll, sliced egg roll all in the box with miso soup and a beerGreat lunch ! Sorry we missed u Tommy , didn't see you working
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,7/31/2014,10,88,4,5,4>Awesome breakfast/brunch.  Not too crowded either especially for the madness that is summer here.  House made sticky bun = unreal!   Fried green tomato Cackalacky was awesome and the $5 blueberry pancake special was right up my wife's alley.  Very nice on the back patio with our 6 month old son.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/30/2014,75,62,8,9,10>Mass-produced American beer is like having a hissy-fit in a canoe; it's freaking close to water.As you know, the craft beer movement is happening, and I know you want to support the small, handcrafted beers that brings a party to your mouth.That's where The Brew Cellar comes in. They have a slew of craft beers from across this country, and locally brewed too. You can fill up a growler and talk beer like you would a fine wine.Located conveniently off Park Circle, right smack-dab in the flourishing hot spot of fine eating and nightlife; walking distance from Evo Pizzaria, Madra Rua, Dig in the Park, Fratellos, The Orange Spot cafe, and Cannon ( formerly Corks).You don't have an excuse not to experience this area, and pick up some fine beers from a locally owned business run by some cool people!Get on it.Claimed!!!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,7/29/2014,57,83,2,6,5>Swig and Swine has the best barbecue I have ever had. The brisket was smoked perfectly with the absolute best mix of fat and meat with an exceptional bark. If you are a fan of brisket or barbecue you should do yourself a favor and check them out. The sides were great and the sweet tea was delicious. I will be back more often than I will care to admit.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,7/28/2014,15,31,5,10,4>I'm a big fan of this bar. It's quiet and divey (year-round Christmas decorations, check. Sometimes disinterested bartenders, check. No frills menu, check.) There's a few good draft beers, but I especially love the cider. Plus, pitchers are responsibly priced. The food is surprisingly great. Major props to the nachos...a little spicy kick that just makes me want more beer. Well played. Best of all, it's never crowded and there's parking. This is a go-to whenever I want to avoid the nightmare of the late night downtown scene. But heads up, there is the occasional cover charge.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/27/2014,23,272,4,5,4>Is this as good as it gets? Yes.Are the flavors original and outstanding? Yes.Is the customer service on point? Yes.Does the decor leave an impression? Yes.My only reservation is that this for me will be a special occasion place. For the price, you are getting the quality you pay for. Yet at the same time, $7 is a lot for two small, weighed out scoops on a cone. Regardless, if you're a local or an out of towner, it's worth a visit.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,7/26/2014,283,570,2,9,7>I am so happy to see My Father's Moustache Pub & Eatery open up in the neighborhood. While not exactly an authentic English pub it certainly does the job. The name seems a little weird, but trust me the pub has some pretty good food and a good selection of beer on tap; in addition to a full service bar. We noticed that the pub last week as we were driving by; it had replaced the JPaulz that was there. We thought it looked interesting so while out on a walk to enjoy the beautiful weather today we decided to drop in for some lunch and a liquid refreshment. Walking in we very impressed with the layout; they have a nice long bar, a few tables, and games including billiards, darts, video games, pinball, and a shuffle board table. We took a seat at the bar and I saw they had Smithwick's on tap, and that sold me right there. I love a nice cold Smithwick's! The food selection on the menu is pretty impressive; we shared a wedge salad and T.E.D (Thanksgiving Everyday) Sandwich that was great with roasted turkey, dressing, and cranberry mayo. Other items on the menu included Bangers & Mash, Hamburgers, and Prime Rib. I have to go back and try it all! All in all I'm very impressed with what they have done with the location and I look forward to many return visits. A very welcomed addition to our neighborhood.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/25/2014,88,24,3,8,5>I had a great experience here today for a cleaning. The office was a little tricky to locate, but when I called the office the staff member that answered gave very complete directions to set me back on course. When I walked into the office the staff member behind the desk was very friendly. She asked my name and for my paperwork I had previously completed. She said it wouldn't take long before they would see me. She also offered tea or coffee which they had nicely set out in the waiting room for patients to help themselves. They had comfortable chairs and nicely displayed magazines and books for me to read while I waited.I was greeted by Taleigh who would be my dental hygenist that day. She was friendly, talkative and made me feel comfortable right away. See brought me to the chair and sat for a few minutes to get to know me. There was a TV at my feet scrolling Chive pet photos - GENIOUS! It was a great distraction throughout the appointment. She then took my x-rays and performed my cleaning. She was gentle and did all she could to make sure I was comfortable. She also explained what she was doing each step of the way. After my cleaning was finished she discussed my dental health and set up my next appointment. She was very thorough and my teeth felt great! As a parting gift she gave me a small pouch with my appointment card, toothbrush, floss and a travel toothpaste. Next I met with the the Dentist, Dr. Wolf D. Bueschgen. He was very friendly and discussed in detail my dental health and listened well to all my concerns. He also took a few minutes to get to know me personally which was a nice touch. After reviewing Taleighs work and findings he thanked me for coming in and said he looked forward to my next appointment.If you have to go to the dentist... this is the place to go!! They took excellent care of me and all my dental needs. Check them out!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/24/2014,60,163,3,10,4>We checked out Wei Mei last night at their grand opening.  I've been anticipating their opening for some time, so I was glad the wait was finally over.  I'm happy to report this is not your average Chinese take-out place.  The interior has a modern look, almost reminiscent of a frozen yogurt shop...actually, I think it might have once been a fro-yo place, so that might explain the decor, but I like it.  They have a nice variety of Chinese, Thai, and Japanese, with one or two Korean options. Everything seems pretty customizable, so you basically pick your protein, your carb, your sauce, your veggies and then they make it.  I was in the mood for Thai and the only Thai option in the Northwoods area is Mei Thai, so I'm super happy that Wei Mei will be be giving them some competition on that front.  The fiancee got crab wontons and the General Wei's chicken which is basically like General Tso's.  We tried the coconut shrimp and the tempura app too.  They boxed up everything thinking were were taking it to go even though we had planned to eat in, so our tempura ended up soggy.  Note: do not order tempura to go, it does not travel well.The Tom Kha was excellent, and the General Wei's was fantastic.  Really crispy, and nicely sauced.  The coconut shrimp was just ok.   They served the tempura with a white sauce rather than a ponzu sauce, so I was a little disappointed with that.  I prefer ponzu sauce with tempura.  They also have fresh fruit smoothies and Moochi.  I had a pineapple smoothie and you could tell it was made with real pineapple because it wasn't too sweet, just perfectly sweet.  I really liked it.I took one star off because our food, although delicious and worth the wait it took a pretty long time to come out, at least 30 mins.  I have to assume that maybe its because it was their first day open.  I'm looking forward to going back.  Prices were really reasonable.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2014,7/23/2014,80,111,3,3,3>I often overlook Finz with so many other options on Coleman and its close proximity to Shem Creek it just doesn't get brought up as a go to spot among friends very often.  With all that being said, it really is a nice spot for live music and some of the better karaoke singers I've heard in the area.  If its a really busy night its sometimes hard to get service at the bar but I guess that's an issue at many bars.  The food is good, not amazing but definitely good.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/22/2014,25,70,2,4,4>My first visit to this establishment was yesterday.  Liked it so much, I'm back today.  Yesterday, I ordered the lumpia, Riso wings, a bubble tea (Mighty Mango and Pearls on ice), and the Honey Walnut Shrimp.  Since it was our first time eating there, they gave us a lychee drink on the house.Today, I ordered the lumpia, Fried Grenades, and Singapore Pancit.  My favorite dish so far is the Riso wings.  I'm not a huge fan of dry rub wings but these are fantastic.  Least favorite is the Honey Walnut Shrimp (it was way too heavy).Portions are HUGE and the service is phenomenal.  Alyssa is the sweetest!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/21/2014,7,25,3,8,4>********ATTENTION ALL NEW ENGLAND'ERS******This is the real deal.  If you grew up eating Pizza and Grinders, and miss that 'Greek Pizzeria' taste... Miss no more.  The Charleston House of Pizza is founded by the same family who started all those "House of Pizzas" up North.  House Special Pizza.  Chicken Salad Grinders.  You name it, they have it.  You'll know you're in the right place the minute you walk inside and smell the food.The Greek Salads are excellent.  Large, full of variety, and great dressing.Hand-made Baklava.  Made fresh, and daily.  Get it before it's gone.  Baklava is an amazing desert:  Light, flaky phyllo dough layers with honey, cinnamon and nuts, all baked to perfection.  You'll love it.The Pizza's are loaded with thick, authentic cheese, cooked to perfection, with the crusts being tender, and the sauce slightly sweet and tangy.They have Root Beer, Wine, Beer, tea, amongst all the regular drink options.The type of pizza I typically see in the south is mainly an italian pizza style with spicy tomato sauce, processed cheese, and skimpy toppings.  This is a different type of pizza: smaller, dense, fresh cheese, and loads of toppings.  You'll love it if you give it a try.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/20/2014,27,117,2,3,2>OMG. How fortunate I am to have this amazing restaurant right around the corner from my apartment. .  It is very easy to make passable soup.  It is extremely challenging to make superb soup and every bowl of soup I have had has been absolutely superb.  A lot of complex notes are hit and they are all flavorful and satisfying.  Pair it with a half of one of their amazing sandwiches and you have the perfect lunch or dinner.  I love their soup/sandwich combos so much, I have yet to eat one of their dinner entrees when I have dined there at night.  Service and atmosphere are both great.  I have had one dessert (peanut butter pie) that made high marks as well. Love this place.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/19/2014,718,356,4,5,4>Written on behalf of my teeth:Thank you James Island Dental Associates for reminding me what a full service caring dental practice is like.My first impression was warm and inviting from the beginning.My second, wow, is this place huge.  I believe there were at least nine rooms, each serving a unique purpose.My third impression was how fascinated I was with the technology and focus on preventative care.  Along with my x-ray impressions, digital pictures were taken of every inch of my mouth to monitor my teeth and gums with each follow up visit as long as I am a patient.  Well done.  With detailed explanations and process steps, I was cleaned, educated and given some great dental care advice.This was a long visit, but not from lack of attention but extreme detail to attention.This may not be the inexpensive way to spend a few afternoons, but the care and end result will be worth it.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/18/2014,58,51,2,5,2>Popped in by happen chance today,  Just had drinks.  The bartender was very nice and patiently answered all our questions.  Their bourbon selection was shocking considering the small venue  and I adored all the great art They had up. I'm into things a little weird though. Friendly nearby bar goers to chat with,  some good beer. I really enjoyed it!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/17/2014,68,158,3,7,3>I went to this place with a few friends and sat at the bar. Here is the breakdown:Champagne: perfectly crisp, slight dryness. Huge fan!Raw Oysters: I could've eaten 2 dozenOysters Rockefeller: delicious! There were hints of cheddar and bacon. Foie Gras: My first time every tasting (and I did so with much hesitation, but a friend ordered it). I understand the fuss over it. I'm not sure I'd order it again.Scallops: slight acidity that was beautifully matched with the cauliflower puree and perfectly cooked Brussels sprouts and carrots. The vibe was cozy at the bar. The place is 3 stories, but I have yet to venture up. I'd be willing to come back and try the steak. Service: The bartender was sweet, and the staff were very friendly, greeting customers that have been there before with a smile and conversation. It just felt like a family. The owner showing up was another special treat. He seems like a really good guy to work for.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/16/2014,28,113,4,11,5>I tried Folly Nails after finding a deal for a gel manicure on Charleston Deals. I am glad that I opted in! I called in the late morning and was offered an appointment that evening after work. The salon is set up in a pretty standard nail salon way. It is clean, simple and doesn't have any extra unnecessary things. I arrived at my appointment time and only had to wait about 5 minutes- it was mostly me taking my time choosing my color and letting the foot tub fill up. I was serviced by Henry. He was fantastic. He did a fantastic job on my toes and a beautiful job on my french gel manicure. He was gentle, which is nice. Some salons are so rough and just make you feel like it's being rushed. Their hours were until 7pm, but they were gladly accepting customers up until that point. I will gladly go back to Folly Nails in the future. I have already recommended it to a few friends- who mentioned doing a girls day at the salon then heading over to the beach. It was super close to the actual beach that when I walked out after my appointment, it smelled like I was standing right on the sand.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,7/15/2014,200,305,3,7,2>The trips to Red Orchid have been numerous and I cannot recall a single visit being less than sublime.  I know what you're thinking, "what? sit down Chinese?" Yes, silly.  Now put down your fried chicken and okra and live a little, this is a true gem in the sea of Charleston southern comfort cooking.  It is our lone, step up from take-out Chinese, and it is delicious.I lovelovelove Red Orchid.  The pancits, the tangerine chicken, the sesame chicken or shrimps, the anything really.  Everything I've had has been delicious and the service is prompt.  Prices are reasonable and plates are a good size.  My only gripe is that the seating is a bit odd and you can easily nose into a stranger neighbor's conversation without even trying, you're that close.  Still, I don't even mind.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2013,7/14/2014,48,86,3,6,2>There is a beautiful array of kitchen wares and table setting decor to be found here. They also hold cooking classes and have gourmet chocolates in cases at the register. This is a cook/foodie or kitchen gadget junkie's heaven. They are on the expensive side, but if you're looking for specialty items to bake with, obscure gadgets or a gorgeous wedding gift, you've found the place. There are things I've never dreamed of needing!  I really like this store, but they don't stay open very late and I almost always miss the opportunity to catch them when they ARE open. They only lose a star for being pricey and for not catering to working folks' hours.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/13/2014,48,79,2,3,2>The best skate shop I have ever visited.  This is my go to place for apparel and all the latest Nike SB releases.  Jack keeps Continuum extremely well stocked and has everything you need for on and off your board.  He is super knowledgeable and just a really friendly guy in general.  They have a huge selection of Nike SB, Adidas and Van's shoes.  They also carry decks and gear from all the major skate brands.  Last but not least, they have a ton of skate apparel and street wear from brands like Nike, Adidas, the Hundreds, HUF and Stance.  If you are on Spring St. or anywhere close, you need to pop into this awesome store.  Support your local skate shop!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,7/12/2014,74,142,4,6,4>What a great way to spend a Saturday! Despite the wind chill, I don't think I've ever had so much fun in just my undies.Shout out to the Yelp Undie Takers for a job well done raising $2600 for this great cause. I'm really glad that I was able to participate in this unique event.I'll be honest, I was a little hesitant to join an event that was all about wearing underwear in the cold, drinking, running, and then drinking more. Reflecting back on the event it is obvious that the organizers did a great job from start to finish and all those participating really showed up for all the right reasons. Everyone was professional and the runners did a great job of not being creepy or doing anything stupid. No one was judging anyone's performance or attire, which was fantastic as I am neither fit nor athletic. Before, during, and after the run, people were motivating total strangers around them and complementing even the ugliest of undergarment choices.Checking in was easy. I had done some last minute fundraising that had to be verified, but then was able to grab my goodie bag and join the party. Bag checking was easy and well organized. The open bar for VIP was fully stocked, and the post race lunch of hotdogs, nachos, fries, and potato skins was just what you need to carb load after performing at a high level.Looking forward to next year!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,7/11/2014,55,83,5,5,3>Ooh, the smells that greet you when you walk into Dickeys! I've been twice since their grand opening and have been reduced to severe watering of the mouth upon walking in the door both times. I love barbecue, and Dickeys delivers the goods. I've gone with my wife and our son both trips, and we get the family picnic. It's one pound of barbecue, two sides, and four bread rolls. It ends up being more than enough to feed the three of us, but we have no complaints about the leftovers. The barbecue is hot and tender. We get fried okra and the mac n' cheese as sides. The macaroni and cheese is super creamy and the fried okra is always so hot and fresh they usually have to bring it out separately after preparing some.I did notice on the last visit that the okra is from pre-packaged frozen bags. That's the one thing that prevented me from laying down a full five stars for Dickeys Barbecue. Their sauces(sweet, hot, and original) are pretty solid, and there's even free soft serve ice cream!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/10/2014,26,85,2,6,3>Loved the rustic vibe when we walked in. Very friendly woman greeted us and told us we could order what was up on the wall, gave us our mason jars for drinks, and directed us to sit anywhere we liked. The food was very good - I had the tuna melt which I had read was good (it was) and tried the turkey sandwich with raspberry spread which was also very good.After two sandwiches, which are on the small side, and two teas our lunch tab was just shy of $30. We enjoyed the food, but the feeling that it was a bit pricey for what we got might prevent us from coming back for a while.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,7/9/2014,12,60,2,10,6>Charleston Burger Company is one of those places where you want to try everything on the menu, an impressive feat at a burger place. Despite focusing solely on burgers, the menu offers plenty of choice through a ton of interesting topping combinations that all sound delicious. While you can get a classic burger, many are loaded with toppings. Yes, they are messy, but delicious and extremely filling. And you definitely won't be bored trying to decide on your burger of choice. But here's the thing: they aren't just trying to be flashy or trendy by throwing as many oddball toppings on a burger. Not only are these burgers interesting, they are extremely well done (quality wise, not cook temp :P). In addition to the menu posted, there was over a page of additional items to chose from. Even the vegetarian burger, usually an afterthought, was fully loaded with toppings and not just a tasteless Pattie thrown on a bun. The service was fast without cutting corners. Being a vegetarian, its rare that I too get a monstrous, overflowing burger on par to the meat version. But here, my veggie burger was piled high and served hot and fresh, the envy of any other burger out there with a massive portion of hot, fresh fries with just enough salt. The service was friendly and fast, fries and burger were hot, portions were generous and I watched platter after platter being served with big burgers hot off the grill, which you can see by the way, so you know your food is as hot and fresh as it gets. While I have only been once, from my observations everything here is done well and there is obvious care about quality. I would highly recommend trying it out, as the burgers appeared to blow other similar chains out of the water!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/8/2014,72,74,4,7,4>I had such a good time at Spring Jam this year! Though I couldn't get there til later in the day, I had plenty of time to take in the scene before Augustana took the stage. They were awesome live! A music festival on the water at sunset is a very cool way to spend a weekend. I mean, the place was a mud pit, but I managed to maneuver around it alright. My only complaint (which was beyond anyone's control), was when the random guy, who I can only assume was on drugs, disrupted the performance with his strange behavior and yelling. Luckily, a security guard and police officer came over and stared him down so people weren't as uncomfortable (and leaving the area). It definitely helped me enjoy the show again, so kudos for their presence. After my experience, I'll totally come back next year.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,7/7/2014,64,95,4,7,5>When planning a special event, there is no greater reward than supreme taste bud satisfaction and the knowledge that you made the right restaurant choice. The Grocery proved to be a singular experience for a recent celebration, and I couldn't have been more pleased. Everything we had was excellent, from something as simple as the table served bread and butter to the beautifully presented, perfectly cooked whole roasted snapper. It was truly one of the best fish dishes I have ever had. A side of the creamy farro was an explosion of flavor and proved to be a wonderful compliment to the subtle excellence of the snapper. I saw today that Kevin Johnson of the Grocery received a well deserved James Beard Best Chef of the Southeast semi-final nomination. I will keep my fingers crossed.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,7/6/2014,112,325,1,9,5>Ollie's is... interesting. Lots of interesting stuff and also interesting people. It's a large store and some of the prices are fairly cheap, while others I didn't think were that cheap. They're a "buyout" store so the selection will be different each time you go.  When I went tonight, they had huge buyouts on Paula Deen cookware (pretty nice), Swiffer sweepers (also nice), Tide detergent (can be found cheaper at other stores when paired with a sale and coupon), and K-cups that were a brand I've never heard of. Lots of things seem to be "oops" items. I saw a bag of cheddar chex mix that was ONLY the cereal- no peanuts, pretzels, etc. The store DOES have name brand items. If you're looking for something specific, Ollie's probably isn't the place for you. But if you walk around long enough you're bound to find something you need, even if you didn't know you needed it when you walked in.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,7/5/2014,52,77,3,7,4>I feel remiss for taking this long to write a review for Bertha's. I've been going for 2 years now and it's one of my favorite places to eat. They have mastered the art of the "meat and three" and produce some of the tastiest soul food in the area. if you don't believe me you should drive by at lunch sometime and check out the line that can be all the way out the door.It's cafeteria buffet style so you wait until you get up to the counter and tell them what you want. The main meat entrees are fried chicken, fried pork chop or fried fish. If you know you want the fish you might want to scootch up to the counter to give them a head's up because they make it to order and it takes a couple of minutes longer than the chicken or pork, which they make constantly. Sometimes there might be another meat option in the buffet that day, like oxtail or some stew. Staples in the side category include: mac n cheese, green beans, red rice, white rice, corn, yams, lima beans and okra stew. Everything is good, but I would highly recommend the okra stew for okra lovers and the lima beans to everyone. My friend Matthew swears by the mac n cheese and usually gets 3 solid helpings of it for his side. My go-to is usually the fried pork chop with a side of lima beans, green beans, mac n cheese and cornbread. You can also get sweet tea or lemonade and still walk out of there paying less than $7!The place is small and can be kind of hot during the summertime because of all the cooking in the open kitchen. There is upstairs seating or you can call and order to go. This is some of the best soul food in the Charleston area but gets less hoopla than other places because it's way far at the end of Meeting Street, past Spruill. It's great food and definitely worth the drive! *If parking is tight, there is additional parking in the empty lot on the other side of the church.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/4/2014,67,42,7,6,5>It's official!  Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus are in fact the same person!  Wait, wait, wait... while that is an important thing to know and understand, it is the wrong announcement.  Let's try this again - it's official... Cru Cafe is now one of my all time favorite restaurants in Charleston!  I know, I know... that is a bold statement, but I am sticking to it.  I'm not a true southerner (born in New Jersey.. *GASP!) but I'm told Cru Cafe serves Lowcountry comfort food.  All I know is, whatever they put on their plates was down right delicious!  If laughter, happiness, and joy had a taste, it would be served at Cru Cafe.  I wrote this review while smiling the whole time.  Why?  Because I got to experience the wonderful culinary bliss that is Cru Cafe.  High five.  Nailed it!I had the ginger seared salmon and lemon risotto for dinner and their mussels as an appetizer.  Both were phenomenal.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/3/2014,84,65,4,12,5>So I guess I am the lucky person who gets to review Boxcar Betty's first.  Boxcar Betty seems to have all the right curves in all the right places.  I give Boxcar Betty's a rare 5 star rating based on one visit.  As an avid yelper I try to avoid giving out too many 5 star reviews unless I've been to a place multiple times.  Its just a general rule of thumb I have for myself because I see too many people giving 5 star reviews to every place or who do not attempt to be critical of the place.I went to Boxcar Betty's on 5/1 and apparently they weren't actually open but the owners were really cool and still let me order.  I felt bad because I was the 1 person they had to serve but that immediately won me over when it came to customer service.  It would be very common place for a business to kick you out if they aren't even officially open.  The owners were really cool and I was talking to them about their concept and how they wanted to offer a couple things at a very high quality.  They don't have a overloaded menu... they have a very minimalist menu which drew me in for the interesting items.  This place does chicken sandwiches and that may have you thinking oh so like Chic-fil-a.  Well I can safely say this is substantially better then Chic-fil-a.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffle Sandwich to go.  When I got home and opened it up I was like well it looks good but then I bit into it... It tastes great.  The bread is light but doesn't fall apart, the  chicken is delicious and the sauce and fresh tomatoes really made this something tasty.  I will easily be back to try more of their sandwiches.  The only critical thing I could say was just the use of aluminum foil for the to go order but it does keep things warmer longer. I really think its a personal preference and that's why I am not going to nitpick and hold it against this place.  I really just try to share all my impressions of a place so that way you read everything that you could possibly say about a place.  I didn't take it for granted that my food was still warm after talking to the owners for a while and then casually driving home and putting up all of my stuff.  The décor is pretty cool but I can't really comment on all the typical things that can make or break a restaurant.  Unsurprisingly, this new business is clean and nice.  For me it just stood out to have a really positive experience and delicious food.  The prices were very reasonable but the food is amazing.  Why would I go to Chic-Fil-A if someone can have similarly cost food but that tastes substantially better?  Clearly they have someone who knows their way around the kitchen working here.  Do yourself a favor and try this new restaurant.  Boxcar Betty's is a new gem in the crown of the food scene in West Ashley. Try it and thank me later.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/2/2014,109,168,4,6,3>Okay, let's just get straight to the point: if you aren't eating that Farmer's Plate on a regular basis, you need to reevaluate your life decisions. That sheeet is good. The place itself is cool, with high ceilings and a few nice decorative touches. For anyone who likes pool, there is a pool table there. Since I was sitting at the bar, I can't really comment on the table service, but the bartenders were attentive and friendly. It does get pretty busy in there later on in the night (proooobably has something to do with the delicious cocktails, JUST SAYIN), so if you are looking for a tamer time, make sure to head in there a little bit earlier.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/1/2014,89,265,4,4,4>Hot damn I love this place. I believe I have tried every single banh mi in Charleston except for the Hero something stand at the farmers market, and Bon Banh Mi's are the best by far.   My favorite is the 5 spice pork but the red curry beef is awesome too.I just found out they have $4 sandwiches from 5-7 on Friday, YES!!!!!! What a deal.We order from here for large groups at my office and I'd recommend that for anyone else doing office lunches too.  The portions are smaller than what you get at the shop, so be mindful of that.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/30/2014,86,456,3,7,4>I never even imagined that grilled cheese could be so good. Tucked in the corner of the old piggly wiggly shopping center at maybank and folly, now anyone can get an unbelievably righteous sandwich. Find it. Eat it. Thank me later.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/29/2014,85,48,2,4,3>I love this place!!!! I would recommend it to anyone but I've only had breakfast! There is still so much more for me to discover but I think they have the best bagels around!! They are so fresh and inexpensive with a ton of different flavors. The Tuscan bagel is DELICIOUS!!! (Tuscan - Italian seasoning, olives and mozzarella - go try it!) They also are very inexpensive! Bagels are under two bucks but the CC minimum is $5 so I have to get 2 or 3 bagels to use my card. Reasonably priced so I have to buy more? Yes, please! Great location, too! I would recommend going next door for a fresh juice/smoothie (read my review on Main Squeeze) then getting breakfast and enjoying both while sitting outside. When you're finished you can do some shopping!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/28/2014,31,81,,6,1>I'm always looking for a lunch place in Mt. P that offers a half and half combo.  What can I say, I like variety, so I like to switch up my lunch choices as much as possible.Today I picked up a slice, small salad, and drink combo.  I paid only $6, they didn't put onions or olives on my salad as I requested, and the pizza was good, so  I'll be back some day.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/27/2014,21,101,1,4,4>Evo is always delicious! You need to get there early or expect a wait. I ordered the bib salad. The dressing was a little bland but overall it was fresh and tasty. The pistachio pesto pizza was awesome. The large size is big enough for two people so in that aspect it is pricey for pizza. But it is gourmet fresh pizza so I think it is worth it. The service was great as well! Overall, a win.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,6/26/2014,183,717,3,6,4>Everyone that reads my reviews, knows that I love BBQ and ethnic food, with Mexican being one of my favorites.  In a sea of cookie cutter "Mexican" restaurants, the Charleston metro has quite a few actual authentic places, ie La Nortena, El Alteño, and the trucks.  Now, we can add La Casita de las Ranas (the small house of frogs).  It's a tiny little place, that could easily go unnoticed.  Luckily, it's next to the Hoffman Law Firm, so that gives you a better idea of where it is.  Inside, it's very clean, maybe 10 tables.  You can order take out or sit and be served.  We chose to be served.  When we arrived, it was us and one other person.  By the time we left, it was full.  We were the only gringos in there, got some glances, but that's a good thing.  You want the real enchilada, you gotta go to hidden places.  Did I mention, they have a truck out back?  You know that's a good sign.I initially just wanted a couple tacos, but then I read the menu.  Again, not cookie cutter with combo # whatever.  I noticed they had Huaraches, so I googled it, and liked what I read.  Basically, huaraches is a long, flat, thick tortilla, loaded with your choice of meat, freshly cut avocado, cheese, fresh veggies, and fresh salsa.  BTW, the homemade salsa is THE BEST I've ever had.  I could eat spoonfuls of it.  Their hotter salsa that came out with the huaraches was equally as good, but with a little more pain.  The huaraches were amazing, so glad I got it.  The mixture of all the textures, the heat of the salsa, the sweet BBQ of the Al Pastore, just amazeballs.  Another side note, the Al Pastore here is easily the best I've had, including California and Utah.  They use the right amount of pineapple in it.  Nice size chunks of pineapple throughout.  The wife got tacos de Al Pastore, again the best we've had.  The fries?  Yes, they have fries, got them for our daughter.  Actual fresh cut fries, the real deal.  Pretty good as far as fries go.  If you like authentic Mexican food, this is your next place to visit.  They don't sell alcohol, that I noticed, but they have great food for cheap.  GO THERE NOW!!!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,6/25/2014,49,75,2,8,4>First of all, DO NOT be fooled by its outside appearance. This place is super swanky inside. Apparently, it has gone through some renovations lately, and they are great. We came here after Miyabi had a long wait. What a great decision!First, the interior is clean and updated. They seated us immediately and our waiter was super friendly. He immediately got our drink and appetizer order. As soon as they came out, we had decided on our Hibachi entrees. My favorite thing is there were no veggies in the rice. LOVED that. I ordered shrimp sushi and chicken hibachi, which was great. The sushi did not have the wasabi inside like some restaurants do, but I didn't mind that at all. My chicken was a significantly larger portion that I've had at other hibachi places and my dad's filet was phenomenal! We didn't try dessert for being too full, but everything was amazing, from start to finish. Just a note, the salads have a lot of dressing, which may bother some folks.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,6/24/2014,76,130,2,9,5>I am well overdue for writing my review of this place, but trust me.  I definitely have not forgotten my experience.  One night, I rallied up a couple of friends who are adventurous eaters and booked it up to Ethiopian taste.  When we arrived, we were confounded by the location.  It's located in a beat up shopping center and doesn't look like much from the outside at all, but have faith my culinary safari tourist!When we walked in, we were greeted by what is honestly one of the friendliest servers I've ever met.  He was extremely helpful in explaining all of the dishes, seeing as how none of us had any experience in Ethiopian cuisine.  I started off with the lentil sambusa appetizer.  The sambusa came out piping hot and took a while to cool down, but once it was of an edible temperature, I dove right in and devoured it.  It came with a delicious dipping sauce, which is a new sambusa experience for me (a delicious new experience, might I add), but be warned, it's messy.  I had lentils rolling all over the place when I had finished.For my entrée, I ordered the Derek Lamb Tibs.  This dish included spiced lamb meat with peppers, fresh greens, and cabbage.  Ethiopian food is a lot like Arabic cuisine, but instead of pita or nan bread, it is served with teff.  For those of you who have no clue what that is, like all of us were before then, teff is a gray, spongy bread (It's also gluten free, so boo-yah!).  The traditional method is to tear off a piece of the teff and pick up and eat your meats with it.  We all ordered different dishes, and my lamb got two out of three favorites, but every dish was delicious.  I finished up with an Ethio-coffee.  Ethiopian coffee is just like your traditional Arabic coffee, so yeah, it's amazing.  They even bring out frankincense in the presentation.  If you can, take a group of 10 to 12 friends, call ahead and let them know you're coming, and you can get the big ceremonial Ethiopian coffee.  It is cultural traditional ceremony, where your coffee is prepared from scratch, right there at the table.BIG HEADS UP: If you come here, have an open schedule.  Every dish is prepared fresh from scratch to order, so it takes a long time.  Our server did a great job of keeping us updated on the status of our food and always made sure that we had everything we needed, but still, it was a lot of waiting.  We had no idea that it would take so long.  If we had, we could have planned better, but we had a great experience regardless of time.  I hate to be the one to break the 5 star streak, and I was very torn in this decision, but I had to do it.  Breakdown:  5 star food, 5 star service, and 3 star location.  Definitely check this place out!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/23/2014,94,197,4,7,5>Lily brought me to Georgean's yesterday with the promise of yummy jerk chicken and "bangin' mac and cheese." I ordered the Jerk Box with mac and cheese and rice & veggies, and I was not disappointed. I kind of wish that I'd gotten a double order of mac, because it really was bangin'The owners were awesome and super friendly, even though we ordered 20 minutes before they closed, forcing them to stay open an extra 20 minutes to prepare all of our food. She said they keep the light on and the door open while they're there, so even if it's past closing time, "if somebody's hungry, we'll feed 'em." They also said that they can make most Caribbean dishes, even if they're not on the menu as long as you give them a little heads up. I got a lot of food for 10 bucks, and it was all delicious. I'm not a huge fan of skin-on chicken, but it tasted so good that I hardly even noticed. If you haven't stopped here yet, get your butt down to Line!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,6/22/2014,81,113,2,4,2>For an early morning run, it doesn't get any better in Charleston. Often, I will literally be the only one on the bridge. At the summit, the view of downtown Charleston - the chapels, the pier, the Cigar Factory - is breathtaking. It is the perfect place to reflect for a moment, and let the pulse settle, before running back down. Don't forget to take some time to look deeply into the water below. It is not uncommon to see a dolphin or large turtle swimming by. At the base, on the Mount Pleasant side, there is a boysenberry bush by the water fountains. In the springtime the berries are sweet and juicy, but beware of small snakes in the area. For an afternoon run, the bridge can be a challenge. It is backed up with the "power stroller" moms. Perfectly fit women with double wide strollers command the walk/run lane forcing runners into the bike lane. It can get dangerous. The occasional walker who brings a dog along can also make for a precarious situation. Overall, when others are respectful or absent, this is an ideal run in Charleston.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,6/21/2014,90,73,1,6,2>Great place for a happy hour. Drink and appetizer specials. They have a menu of appetizers for $2-$5. Decent prices on sushi which is a plus for is. $5-$12 range. One day I'll get enough guts to try the Bushido Challenge!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/20/2014,11,48,,6,4>I am glad I read the Yelp reviews for this place or I would have never came within 25feet of this place! Talk about a gem in a dump.Like everyone else has said the place is in an eyesore, but produces some good take out chineese food. I had the wonton soup and house lo mein. For once, the meal was not super salty at all! The wonton soup contained big chunks of pork in the broth, that reminded me of a good japaneese onion broth you get before dinner.The lo mein was also excellent, again no over salting here! I also tried an egg roll and enjoyed it but the last bit was a little greasy, but that can be expected from deep fried anything. The egg roll had more pork in it than I have ever seen in any other take out chinnese place.I plan to start going here for my take out needs.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/19/2014,94,147,6,7,5>What a find! Momma always said there were perks to being responsible. Looks like ill finally do my own laundry!Don't let this college laundry mat café fool you. It's food can stand against the best of them. They combine cultural influence, rich ingredients, & healthy recipes to conjure up some delicious affordable sandwiches & more! Also, if your sweet tooth is whining get a custard desert. It looks like a milkshake and word of mouth says it's great! On top of the refreshing hip atmosphere this place provides a customer service that will make you want to wash your clothes twice! To stay longer that is. ;) Free refills, free smiles, & if your lucky maybe even some free candy. Eye candy that is. I will be sure to be back to this gem or maybe I'll have them deliver!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,6/18/2014,158,145,11,7,5>Don't go here for happy hour.  They have a fantastic happy hour but you still shouldn't go here.  The menu consists of great inexpensive snacks and amazing deals on drinks (hello $2.50 homegrown draft beer and $3 liquor drinks!).  As far as the food, I'm not a huge fan of oysters (I know, I know, blasphemy), so I've gone with the mahi tacos, the fried shrimp and the homemade chips with bleu cheese dressing.  All of which are pretty good.  I've also had the lobster roll that's on the main menu and it's awesome.  They even have $2.50 oyster shooters for happy hour.  Awhile back, I got coericed into doing one and I'm still traumatized by it but I'd imagine they're good if you're down with raw oysters.  All in all, I think Pearlz seriously has one of the best happy hours downtown.  So again, don't go here for happy hour.  I don't need people crowding up the place and making me wait for a table.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/17/2014,197,496,3,5,2>These guys are the absolute best movers.Friendly, fast, respectful of your property - I hate moving, but having these guys all three times has made it so much easier.Sorry about living in a 3 story walk up 2 of those times, guys.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/16/2014,163,364,,6,1>Very kind of random spot for this bar/beer store. Super friendly workers and clientele. So many beers that you can't shake a stick at them. Wish it was Downtown, but good place to hang out if you're trying to ride your bike to Sullivans'
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/15/2014,83,87,4,7,3>Where do I start?!?!?  This place had my palate doing back flips, side flips, and front flips from my first taste to my last.  Let me start by saying that if you enjoy an alcoholic beverage from time to time, the Moscow Mule which is served in a copper mug is simply magical!  Their house made ginger beer that tops the drink is amazingly tasteful and superbly refreshing. I would have drank 10 of them if it wasn't until me finishing my second one and catching a little buzz.  :)  My group started with the Charcuterie Plate which is cured meats, sausages, pâtés, terrines, and rillettes served with seasonal pickled vegetables, mustard, and toast.  We actually ordered 2 of these.  Both were devoured within minutes, and that was trying to be a polite picker.  Then on to their Cheese Board which was also handled like a starving homeless man at a Thanksgiving dinner table.A friend order the fries... I know, they are just fries... BUT, they are the best damn fried I have ever put in my mouth! Perfect seasoning, perfect crunch, and the homemade katsup they serve it with makes me speechless. Finally on to the Main...  I ordered the Cioppino which is blue crab, red royal shrimp, clams, mussels, fennel, White Thai lobster broth, and served with love.  This plate had me moaning, slurping, and making everyone at least taste the broth.  I had a moment.  If I were a female dog, some would say that I looked like I was in heat.  LOL  All in all, I sooo can not wait to go back.  I want to try everything that they have on their menu.  It all sounds so delicious and  after my first experience there, I am so excited to have my palate go on another exploration! If you haven't been here yet, sprint to this place and knock over who ever may be in your way!  ***** Woohoo! As good as it gets!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/14/2014,28,96,,4,3>From the vet to the technicians, every single individual me and my sweet boy Deuce came into contact with at The Animal Hospital, was amazing. They truly made me feel like they loved my boy as much as I did. Dr Cain truly went above and beyond to try to figure out what the problem was. We had lots of tests and xrays but they always were forthcoming with the costs and their recommendations. Even when I opted not to do certain tests, I never was made to feel like I was being a bad person. They did a fantastic job at always following up immediately with test results or just communicating updates. In the end, I had to put Deuce to sleep and I truly felt like they were heartbroken right along side me. Their compassion and professionalism is simply unmatched. Less than two weeks ago I took in a new rescue. We went to The Animal Hospital (his rescue family's vet noticed some broken teeth that need addressed) and once again, The Animal Hospital staff was welcoming and warm to the newest addition to my family. They aren't the cheapest but I actually took a moment to compare the costs of the exam and a heart worm test to the papers I was given by the rescue family from their vet and the costs are comparable (one a few dollars more, the other a few dollars less) so I would feel comfortable saying they aren't expensive either. I'll continue to take my animals to the clinic (Lowcountry Pet Wellness) for routine shots and meds (cheaper which my budget appreciates!) but for medical care, I'll stick with The Animal Hospital. And FYI as a warning, I've had the clinic misdiagnose two different times with sick canines so I would STRONGLY advise against ever taking your pet there if sick.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/13/2014,34,62,14,6,4>The hype surrounding Lee Lee's was ridiculous. It was like Emeril Lagasse was about to open a restaurant in town, one that served beer covered bacon and pasta, where you enjoy your meal the night of but unload it like a garbage truck in the morning. But, Andrew, you do know this is Chinese, right? It will go through you like water through a hose. That's right, friends, but more on that later. I went to Lee Lee's on a rainy day because I figured the homeless and criminals on President's Street would be out of commission, and I would be able to make it to and from my car without losing my wallet or my hubcaps. This theory turned out to be correct. The inside of Lee Lee's is very tren, perfect for hansy boys to get take out or fine in. There's also a center community table, but I sure as hell would never use it - who wants to suffer through a meal with strangers? I'm bad enough, I can't imagine the characters I'd be forced to commiserate with. Since I had never been there, I just had to give the server a hard time. I asked her for her recommendations, nitpicked loads of details, and then ordered the complete opposite, except for the entree, and I curse her every day that I followed her suggestion. The dumplings (my pick) were totes great. The eggplant (my pick) was omgsogood. The salt and pepper chicken (server's pick) was ehhh this is just chicken with salt and pepper on it. I know, that's what I ordered, butrlytho, is that the best you can do? And the morning after, don't even get me started. Just disappointing. Thankfully, the other two items saved my experience there, and I was able to escape the restaurant before the owner, who was making her rounds and telling her life story to anyone who would listen, a story that I couldn't care less about, could reach my table. If she is going to insist on doing that, she must also listen to mine. I'm nearly certain that after my tale, she'd go to the bridge as fast as she can. But we both avoided that disaster, and that alone is worth an extra star in my book.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,6/12/2014,43,313,,6,1>What a cool place!  We stopped in late afternoon on a Saturday.  The crowd was a real mix - families with young kids enjoying the games, but also a number of folks in their mid-20s.  My impression was a s the day got later, most families were leaving and the younger folks were more predominate.  Only 8 lanes for bowling and it appeared to be tough to get a lane.  There are a number of video games, skee ball etc too.  Two large screen TVs behind the bar and 2 projection Tvs on the wall showed football games.  Many good beers on tap.  We only had the nachos, but they were awesome - one of the top 10 I've had!Rose, our server, was very good - attentive but not oppressive.Good time!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/11/2014,93,150,,4,3>At about a year old, Frothy Beard takes the lead! Geez! Wow! I've had some beer (and some flavored beer), but holy beer this place has some tasty brews!I've been meaning to try it for awhile, but saw the Living Social for a tasting with a glass, and man, it couldn't have been better. Everything we tried was phenomenal. The Zingiber (ginger pale ale), Citrocious (citrus ale), Choconaut (chocolate oatmeal stout), Photuris Pale (English IPA), and a Cask Irish Red (a red ale brewed with wood chips from Jack Daniels barrels) were all great, great, brews. The ginger ale was a punch of ginger, the citrus, I could drink all summer long, and the Irish Red had one of two most unique flavors of whisky beers I've ever had. The best part about their flavored infusions? The beer is still GOOD. Not a flavored gimmick. Fantastic stuff guys!Aside from that I noticed a Nintendo, a Super Nintendo, corn hole, a ping pong table, and we got a free tour (by Scott I believe) that put so many technical facts into my head that Walter White would be proud. There is stuff to do here too, kids. Only downside is potentially seating. There is a small bar, a couple of picnic tables, and a 2-4 seater high table. They also try not to use any extracts for flavoring so any breweries trying to flavor to sell can kiss it. Others that were mentioned by everyone or the brewers that were favorites were:Mermaid's MilkIrish RedOut at Third TrippelDouble IPATides of GalwayIf you are a craft beer fan, GET HERE. NOW!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/10/2014,10,97,1,5,3>This wood fired pizza is giving Monza a run for its money!  I love the decor and atmosphere.  We sat outside and ordered a Margherita pizza and a spicy shrimp pizza.  Delicious!I just don't understand why we can't have great little restaurants like this over in Mount Pleasant!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/9/2014,27,41,12,7,3>I loaded my Pho with jalapeño slices, and as I was slopping it up like a pig, some splashed in my eye. It was phoking painful. The food is delicious - every item. A little more meat could be added to the dishes, but I could also do with a little less. They really take pride in this place too, and it shows. Everyone is smiling. It is super clean. Even disposable napkins are arranged in some kind of origami!One more thing. I went there again today. While I happily munched, the waitstaff were consistently 5 star kindness, but what really cracks me up is the hell raiser tone always coming from the kitchen, LOL!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2014,6/8/2014,24,92,,9,1>This place is super cute!! What a nice breakfast spot!Came here for breakfast with my best friend. Breakfast served 7am until 11am. The menu is small with light portions, energy packed ingredients, and fresh food. Definitely over priced but what can Kara Lee say? She came from REV and that's their MO. I didn't expect anything less. I got the breakfast sandwich. Egg, cheese, bacon, avocado spread, and a spicy mayo on brioche bun with a side of fruit. 14 bucks. The sandwich was delicious though, awesome flavor.Friend got the steel cut oats in the worlds smallest side dish with fruit. 12 bucks. But the oats really were delicious! The interior is adorable but felt like dejavu of walking through the kitchen section at ikea. Service was great absolutely no complains. I will say the uniforms don't match the decor though. The restaurant is so light, airy, dare I even feminize it and say dainty but servers wore all black and I think I saw a server in a tie. Weird. I will be back to try the dinner/lunch menu! Great addition to wagener terrace!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,6/7/2014,58,60,2,4,2>My mom was the first to introduce me to Celadon when I was a freshman in college, &, even though most of their stock is outside of my twenty-something budget, I've been a fan ever since!  They have an eclectic, earthy vibe to all of their items, & everything is excellent quality. My previously mentioned budget may keep me shopping for furniture at IKEA, but Celadon has some great standout pieces to mix with your budget items at a reasonable price.From their paper goods & jewelry to their textiles and furniture, you're sure to find something to suit your style! A definite stop on the design hunt!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,6/6/2014,12,41,1,5,2>You know you're old when you're raving about a drycleaner. ;) Let's get the most important thing out there about this place---they are dog friendly, and even provide treats for your pup when you come in to pick up the dry cleaning. Any place that gives my dog a treat gets an A+ in my book. In other news, they are never crowded, they have good customer service, they are within walking distance of my house (win!), and they are willing to accomodate short notice requests, like when my husband brought them a sweater one afternoon that he needed by the next day. Their answer? "No problem." Their space is clean, bright, airy, and is centrally located in downtown.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/5/2014,35,98,6,8,3>Don't be confused - I think the sign read's "El Pollo Tropical"  but it's AKA Pollo Loko.  But dont' be scurrd.Just go.  Go to there and order the 1/2 chicken and you'll understand.  You're not looking for atmosphere here, you weenie.  Though it does have a cool hole in the wall Central American charm, but you're not there for the parking lot view.  Arepas are great, plantains are great, horchata is great, but their in-house hot sauce is slap ya' mama wonderful on some grilled chicken.  I stole some of my grilfriend's sausage once and I had to restrain myself from not eating it all, real sneaky like.  Servers are always sweet and attentive, too.  You go there now.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/4/2014,63,159,1,5,3>What took me so long to try a Roti Roll?!!!! I stopped by the location that Farmer's Market in Marin Square. The menu was unique and I had no idea what I was doing, so I asked for a recommendation. I am so glad I did....the awesome dude behind the counter suggested the Eye Opener (definitely not something I would typically order). It had GREAT flavor and definitely left me wanting MORE! Loved the meat/egg/kimchi combo....a must try, fo sho!Probably one of the most unique tacos/sammis/savory items I have had in Charleston thus far. Everything was SUPER FRESH. I can't wait to try some more/chase that truck around town to get my fix!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,6/3/2014,67,240,3,5,5>There is definitely a new craft beer sheriff in Folly Beach!Located where the now defunct Folly Beach Brewing Company had been on Center Street, Jack of Cups Saloon is bringing the goods! I had been meaning to check out this joint since they opened a month or two ago, and luckily finally got my chance yesterday evening. Unfortunately, I had never made it out to Folly Beach Brewing Company (though I had always meant to), but I had heard some overall mixed reviews about that former enterprise. Given the small size of the joint and my bias given the aforementioned mixed reviews of its predecessor, I held admittedly low expectations as I walked through the front door. I figured the most I could hope for would be a couple of decent beers on draft. Boy, was I wrong! They were offering six beers on draft (including a Freehouse and Evil Twin (semi-local) offering) along with 30+ high quality bottles and cans to choose from (again with an emphasis on local brews--Westbrook, Holy City, and RJ Rockers were all represented). To say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement!For the non-beer drinkers, they have numerous wine and sparkling wine offerings, along with quirky signature cocktails. I do believe just about anyone would have no difficulties wetting their whistle here. In addition, per our friendly bartender, they will soon be offering happy hour specials.Extensive craft beer offering aside, Jack of Cups definitely gave off a homey, neighborhood bar type of vibe. The bartenders were super friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. They definitely seemed to enjoy what they were doing and made sure you were taken care of and enjoying yourself as well. Yes, the bar itself is on the small side. The bar top itself could probably handle about 10 people sidled up to it, and there were also two high top tables and a larger table in the back of the bar that offered seating for thirsty patrons. Furthermore, there are a couple of benches out front where you could sip on your beverage of choice, and I do believe you could hang out in the back courtyard as well though I could not investigate further as there was a wedding going on out there while I visited (how cool is that?!). So yes, the bar is small but I think the smaller size lends itself to the chill, welcoming vibe. This spot probably isn't for everyone, but for someone that enjoys high quality beer at reasonable prices combined with attentive customer service in a welcoming atmosphere, Jack of Cups is pretty much a home run.  Also, let's not forget that this spot is just a couple of blocks from the beach which isn't too shabby.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/2/2014,4,64,2,4,2>We've been to this place quite a few times, and each time the food has been the star of the show. The food is always delicious. They are a "Farm to Table" restaurant, and most everything is locally sourced. The chicken and waffles is good, and it is basically a half chicken on the bone, so be prepared for that  (the bourbon reduction,  is pretty strong despite the reducing). Some places forgo the bone-in and give you breast meat only, but it is very good, and the seasoning is great. Among other things there we've also had shrimp and grits, poached eggs and crab cakes on pork belly, as well as some other entrees. Everyone always has great things to say about the food.There is never usually a wait to be seated, and they have some awesome porch seating upstairs, which overlooks the market. The servers we've had have never been particularly enthusiastic; that is the only thing holding this back from 5 stars. Other things to keep in mind: they don't keep beers on tap, so if you order one, it will either be poured from a can or bottle to a glass. (They do offer a lot of local brews).
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,6/1/2014,116,162,1,5,3>Went there to get so e shipping and copies done. The owners are very helpful and they know what they are doing. Before shipping, they asked me to confirm in a piece if paper the address. They also have a graphic designer, if you need graphic work done. They offer multiple shipping options. Very much satisfied with their service and options.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,5/31/2014,100,213,,4,2>If you are a person who loves wine than this is your place to taste and indulge.  I'm not that versed on wine, but my friend was and he was in wino heaven.  You can order a rack of different types of wines (like a flight of beer) for tasting or by the glass.  Social also serves food to pair with the wines. It has great atmosphere.  A great place for a few friends to meet and taste some wine, eat a little and talk.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/30/2014,63,113,2,3,2>No reservations so you need to make sure you get here early since weekends they get packed.  There's parking in the back and it fills up quick.  All my friends eat so seafood except me.  So when I get shot here I have to be careful since they are always trying to do Oyster Shooters.  Great daily seafood varieties from fresh fish, crabs and of course shellfish.  Some seafood restaurants are overwhelming when you walk in this place not so much.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,5/29/2014,40,77,3,6,3>This was our second visit to Graze and we were just as satisfied as our first. We decided on dinner here for my birthday and having been a Wednesday night we were pleasantly surprised to see that it was just as lively as a Friday or Saturday. We did make reservations and it was good that we did because they were filling up for dinner quite quickly. As our appetizer we decided on the fried calamari fries. They are definitely not your typical fried calamari, small, fried little rings, but rather are cut into larger strips like "fries", fried then served with two dipping sauces. They were very good! I liked how you could actually taste and recognize the calamari as oppose to just breading. As our entrees I ordered the blackened salmon salad and my husband ordered the flank steak with steamed brown rice and kimchi. Both dishes were very impressive! They were plated nicely and looked delicious even before even taking a bite. The salmon was cooked to my liking and seasoned really well. The salad itself was slightly overdressed for my taste but all the components like the blue cheese, red onions and house made pralines were all great accompaniments to the salmon. Service was also very good. We were seated quickly, our dishes were delivered quickly and we were checked on frequently to make sure that everything was how we liked. I am very happy I decided on Graze for my birthday dinner. For wanting a simple yet delicious meal with a casual yet lively atmosphere, they certainly delivered.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/28/2014,63,129,2,5,3>First, I have only eaten here this one time and almost did not go because of the negative Yelps on it.  So, a friend visiting town was adamant that we go here to meet a group and we got there and ate in the back private low-sitting table.  Very cool.  We had 6 of us and tried all kinds of stuff.  Started with edamami(spelling) and Hot Sake!  Perfect.  Then followed with Sushi.  The Hoss was a recommended one on yelp page so I tried it.  It was fantastic.  And a heaping portion.  The others had been there often and most got this other one(can't remember name) but it was great as well.  Ask for the eel sauce and the white sauce.  The folks with me knew that and the eel sauce sounded yucky but they were spot on.  The combo really helped out everything.  My wife actually got some hibachi vegetarian meal and it was fantastic as well.  I am not a Sake expert but loved the inexpensive hot sake which we did several and it was only $6 per large.  Waitress separated checks with no issues.  I was glad to have gone with some experts to this location to really find out this is a diamond in the rough.  Our guests were from Beaufort, Vegas, Australia, and local and only the Australian did not know of this place.  And afterwards she was also enthusiastic about it.So, great, generous portion, affordable Sushi. This is now my number one Sushi spot in Charleston.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/27/2014,76,127,4,8,5>Republic is becoming one of my favorite places on Upper King...and in all of downtown Charleston for that matter.  If you've never been, Republic is a huge lounge-style bar with plenty of seating inside as well as a very large outside patio/bar area as well.  They have live music out on the patio pretty regularly and offer a pretty cool tapas menu with some interesting items (see: pork belly corn dogs!!!) and a solid drink menu with some very innovative cocktails.  In addition to the nice decor, the thing that sets this place apart in my eyes is the service.  I have been there on quiet nights, busy nights, with my classy friends, and with my drunkard friends and EVERY SINGLE TIME we have received excellent service.  To me, that speaks volumes about the staff, management, and ensures that I always have an excellent experience and will be back.  Republic, you deserve five stars and I can't wait to see you again.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,5/26/2014,38,95,2,4,2>We decided to try The Macintosh after the Lowcountry Hoedown last Saturday night, waiting on friends to call to meet up. We walked in and immediately overwhelmed by all the people. The set up in the place is very interesting and different from any I have seen in downtown Charleston.  Upon walking in, we stood next to a 'stand - up" bar  in front of the traditional bar. As my boyfriend and I stood there looking over the list of the beers on tap, and I'm guesstimating here but less than 5 mins from the time we walked in, someone was next to us asking us what we would like to drink! We were totally surprised, as we were waiting for someone to yell at us from across the bar "what do you want?' The waitress was very very helpful and attentive, immediately going to get our beers and bringing it right back. I mean - literally no waiting, and this place was PACKED!!!  At one point I had to use the restroom and got to see the rest of the place, its a smaller restaurant, but definitely room in the back when you get a table. None of the tables seemed to be on top of one another, as a lot of restaurants are now a days. And I know this seems really off, but I guess I looked a little lost trying to find the bathroom, the manager saw me, asked what i needed, I told him, HE WALKED ME TO THE BATHROOM. not just point in the general direction of it. I was totally impressed with the attention their clients that they give. Unfortunately, having just left the Hoedown, we werent hungry and didnt eat, but definitely going back to try it for lunch or dinner soon. Will right a second review once I try the food, but for now, 4 stars for being packed and making us feel like we were VIP's.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/25/2014,35,136,,8,4>I had read the reviews before coming here  and was prepared for the smell of fish...but when I entered, I couldn't smell any fishiness at all.  Just smelled like a grocery store.  I was wanting to try some pho in the restaurant, but I was there in the late afternoon...I don't know if they are open then or not.  The only signs I saw of food for sale were Char Siu for $6.99/lb and Roast Duck for $19.99.  Maybe another day I'll run over there on lunch break and see if I can get some lunch. I was looking for steamed buns, a.k.a. Char Siu Bao, a.k.a. Siopao, a.k.a. Manapua (Oh, how I miss these from when I lived in Hawaii.)  I found some steamed buns filled with veggies and lots of empty spots in the freezer case, so I moved on.  The veggie selection is priced well. I'm looking forward to getting some of the baby bok choy (very tiny but sold in a big bag.)  On another freezer row, I found more of the steamed buns ...  now why aren't they with the others?  I found some filled with pork and moved on to look for lumpia.  I searched high and low, yet I could only find wrappers.  There are several kinds, shapes, and thicknesses, yet no prepared frozen lumpia.  Could have been an off day, I'll have to check again.  There is a good selection of fresh and frozen seafood, meat (clearly frozen,  yet in the display case appearing to be fresh), and poultry.   The shrimp are priced well, better than the local supermarkets.  I saw some pretty scary looking ducks --with heads! and feet!  -- frog legs, black chickens, quail.  There were no live fish.  The aquariums were empty yet labeled with a sign for live tilapia. They even have fresh quail eggs for $5 a dozen.  Pricey, yet it will be a nice touch if entertaining.  Or impressing someone.I liked the Asian tools/implements/cooking supplies and the beautiful teapot and teacup sets.   I wanted one of each!  There are dedicated sections for Hispanic and Korean foods as well.  Tons of rice and more noodles than you could ever eat.I'll be back because I really appreciate the variety of spices,  sauces, and special ingredients.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/24/2014,4,68,3,7,4>The wait was worth it -- except that the wait meant we were that much longer without Edmund's Oast. Popped in last evening, without reservations, and were promptly seated, though the mere fact that we were asked about reservations leads me to suspect that if you're dining, reservations are a Good Thing. As to the food? Andy Henderson is amazing. Delicious blends of flavors in the food (try the pumpkin custard -- heavenly).  We sat at the chef's table, which looked directly into the kitchen. There, it was obvious that Henderson sets a high standard for his staff, but also runs the show in a calm and efficient manner. You won't see temperamental chefs screaming -- instead you'll see a smooth assembly of imaginative culinary delights in a beautifully appointed kitchen. What screams instead of the chef is the top quality of everything in the kitchen, locally sourced ingredients and equipment. The menu features a wide assortment of snacks (we had the Pumpkin Custard, oyster mushrooms, peppercress, shallots for $8 and the Hernandez Sweet Potatoes w/ chili, honey, and spearmint for $4). The pumpkin custard was amazing -- savory, not sweet, rich, and a delectable flavor blend. Not sure I could eat a whole one, because of the richness, but splitting it was fine. The sweet potatoes start off sweet and tangy, but round out spicy from the chili. Nice too, but less of a standout for us. We each got small plates (whey cooked polenta with poached egg, charred pickled leek tops, vacca rosso parm for $12; and the salad, which had a nice selection of lettuces, and roasted butternut squash for $9). Dessert was a tough call, as just about everything is from the utterly fabulous Sweet Radish Bake Shop over onthe corne of Sprin and St Phillip. We ended up not going sweet, and going instead with a small cheese plate, with a selection from goat.sheep.cow (Meeting St), that gave a perfect finish to the meal for us. Since I have an allergy to latex, and latex gloves are in use in the kitchen, I was grateful Chef Andy personally went through the menu to help identify items that were safe for me to eat.The Beverages? Scott Shor and Rich Carley of Charleston Beer Exchange are behind this endeavor, so you know it's gonna be good. There's an extensive draft beer list (40 taps), including some brews of the establishment. Heavy on IPAs , sour beers, and Belgian style. Nice selection of wheat beers. Missing,or short on stouts and porters, and most especially, basic Pilsners/lagers, though these may come along later, They will serve a 5 oz pour to try a beer if you are unsure, otherwise most are 8oz to 16 oz, depending on the beer. No ciders at this point, to my disappointment, but there is the promise of mead in the future. The wine list had a nice selection, as well, and the cab I had (Black Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon "Bench" - Anderson Valley, California 2011) really paired well with the food. There also are bottled beers, and a nice cocktail menu that begs to be perused next visit. Atmosphere?  Lots of different types of seating, from the chef's table, to tables or bar, outdoors, and probably things I didn't see. Waitstaff we encountered were personable, knowledgeable, and knew their menu and their beverages. Indeed, the staff and the food were five star for us. If Katie is your server, she knows her stuff.The interior is large and really nicely appointed. Not sitting in the main space we couldn't tell how much of a  a private feeling there was  for the diners, rather than a cavernous room. Attention to detail in the decor, with quirky delights (such as a book mosaic near the restrooms) abound. There appear to be several outdoor spaces that can be used for outdoor seating (used last night for smokers needing to get their nicotine hit.) Plus, there's ample parking, always a plus.The place is a bit pricey when you add together food and beverage (small plates run $9 - $20 and Entrees $16-27), and, I suspect, if you're sitting in the main, maybe noisy. With this current price point, we can't make it a weekly stop as we'd hoped, but maybe a monthly, or a stop in for a quick refresher after work. Still, the standout menu and staff make this a place to visit when you can. Edmund's Oast, welcome to Charleston. We're glad you're here.Edited to add: I do have a latex allergy, as mentioned, and did end up having a reaction, despite precautions,  to some food, inadvertently handled previously with latex gloves. If you need a latex free meal, be cautious.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/23/2014,42,206,2,5,3>Went in for a Lent Friday to grab some sushi. I had the Philly roll and tuna roll with Salmon skin added. Delish!! I am so excited that this is literally 3 minutes from my house. Prices were great, service was great, food was great. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/22/2014,59,204,7,13,5>If Jesus Christ eats tacos, then I am sure he eats them here. This completely unassuming hole in the wall has some of the best, most authentic Mexican cuisine I have ever had.I ate here today with a group of 8 people. All the food is made in the Taco Truck and then brought into a sit down dining room. After we sat down a nice gentleman came over and took our orders. They have a small menu on the wall. You pick an item from the left side: such as tacos or burritoes. Then you choose a filling from the right side: such as beef cheeks or chicken, etc...I ordered a bean quesadilla and 2 tacos with chicken. The Hubs got a burrito and 2 tacos. We grabbed some plastic utencils and napkins, as well as drinks from their cooler (it's all sort of self serve). Then we waited.What came out was amazing! My quesadilla was crispy on the outside and the filling was soooo good. My tacos were beautiful and perfectly made. On the side of every plate were sliced radishes and a roasted serrano pepper. The "waiter" dropped off two containers of salsa (one red and one green) and a dish of lime wedges. I squeezed a little lime on the radishes and salted them as well. They were delicious. The Serrano though, was BLAIZINGLY VOLCANICALLY HOT!!! It was delicious, but it took my breath away eating it. I have to say that even though it looks a bit dodgey, the food and service rival some of the best restaurants around.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/21/2014,12,19,2,5,5>Delicious!  I absolutely love this place.  A good place to start is with the Mex 1 margarita.  They squeeze all of their juices, making this a refreshing margarita, rather than the sometimes "icky aftertaste" premix one that burns all the way down.  The buffalo shrimp taco is where it's at.  The shrimp are beer battered and fried, then tossed in a perfectly spicy/sweet sauce and placed in the soft shell with a crisp slaw.  I dream about it!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/20/2014,66,409,2,6,3>I've been saving #400 for my old friend the City Paper.  Whether visiting and needing the immediate recommendation on where to eat, like Oriental Garden, or living here and looking for perspective on local and state politics...the City Paper has proven to be a valuable resource.  One of the rare things in life worth more than you pay.  Admittedly left leaning...I appreciate the Blue in a sea of Red. I tend to shy away from the issues labeled "Best of..." as they seem a bit slanted to the popular vs. the "best".  But they never seem to fail to point out some of the best local happenings .  I have to say...The paper beats the online version. Call me old. I think the physical version is much better than the cyber version.  Whether visiting or a resident...get a copy of what's going on in the CHS.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/19/2014,57,83,2,4,4>I have nothing but great things to say about Coast Brewing. Years ago this was the first local brewery I had ever visited and have frequented it ever since. Conveniently located on the old shipyard near park circle, they have consistently produced amazing beers for many years. The owners and staff are exceptionally friendly and really make you feel like an appreciated customer. The atmosphere is relaxed and feels like home when you enter the industrial building turned craft brewery. They are dog and kid friendly and usually have a food truck around during tastings. Coast is not only my favorite brewery in Charleston but one of my favorite joints in the Lowcountry.Recently they started to expand the brewery to include more tanks and a brew pub. The best thing about Coast is that they have fought and continue to fight to change alcohol legislation in South Carolina. Many of the luxuries we enjoy at local breweries are thanks to the owners.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,5/18/2014,75,62,2,7,7>Had a nice time at last nights screening of Melies and Melodies presented by the Park Circle Film Society.It featured the short, silent films of George Melies (featured in the film Hugo). But the real star was the music and wit of Laura Ball! The music she composed to accompany the films were a perfect fit! A mishmash of classical, jazz and original music. Very talented.Both the society's director and Ms. Ball were very friendly, funny, knowledgable and appealing! I wish there had been more at the end, like a discussion led by the director, or some such.The room could have been a little darker, but they did have some light blocks in front if the windows. Otherwise, I had a good time and will probably be doing this again.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,5/17/2014,33,53,2,5,4>I feel uncomfortable giving any place 5 stars but this place comes close. My wife and I went here for a Sunday Gospel brunch. It happened to be our 33rd anniversary and my wife Lauren must have mentioned that when making the  reservation because we were greeted with two glasses of champagne and well wishes.Hall's is a family owned business that really gets "it". They will exceed your expectations and make you feel like you have been a regular forever.We were seated at a front window table close enough to the piano playing gospel singer. The singer was great. Great like as in you wanted to raise your arms above your head and shout Jesus!Halls is  centrally located on King street in downtown Charleston. The vibe is electric and people watching peaks close to this location.We had Oyster Rockefeller which was served on a bed of salt chunks.They offer a brunch menu that is very affordable for an upscale place that isn't known for exactly being affordable.My wife had duck comfit eggs Benedict which was fused with a whole mess of flavors. I went with traditional shrimp and grits which did not disappoint.The way to  judge a restaurant in Charleston is by how good they make this dish. One of the best I've had, like lick the bowl good!You can't go wrong with this place and I didn't even get to mention how good the steaks are!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,5/16/2014,4,6,2,4,4>Great space! Great atmosphere! We came in for a Friday night happy hour and dinner. Our service was phenomenal! The beer selection superb. And the food was fantastic! I recommend the truffle burger and the pimento cheese dip appetizer! Well done!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,5/15/2014,85,63,2,4,3>This is my second year at Jail Break and I always have a good time! Food, live bands, art, comedians, dancers, all in an old jail! Dead 27s was a great band to listen to, and Neil Bansil was the highlight of comedy last night. I ate some chicken adobo and lumpia at refuelers mobile cafe, and had some dignity doughnuts for dessert. I love supporting local artists and this is a great way to do it! It's a fun, unique event, with several venues to see.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/14/2014,88,24,2,9,5>This is always my shoe repair shop of choice. It is conveniently located off 61 in west Ashley and is a family owned business. Not many of us think or repairing shoes much anymore, but I've been doing this for a few years now and I've saved shoes and money.In comparison to other repair shops in the area (and I did a lot of price comparisons before going here) they are more affordable. I've had many shoes repaired here and they do an amazing job. They always come back to me with better heels and soles than they had to begin with. They have really stood the test of time. Their turnaround time is also pretty fast, usually within a couple of days.    As a point of reference here are the most recent prices I paid and the service that was done. Prices will vary depending on how much work is needed, but at least this will give you an idea.$10 to re-tip stilettos - this is when they replace the small plastic piece on the tip of your heel. Try to get this done before you see the metal pin come through to prevent irreparable damage. They do very high quality work, but shoes will get to the point of no return (so I have learned from the lovely staff at Palmetto Shoe Repair).  $12 to redo heels on shoes - this is when they replace the heel (larger than just a stiletto tip) $55 to re sole my suede boots - These are gorgeous boots I got for an amazing deal so they are worth the investment, I will likely have them for years to come after this type of repair.The man and woman that I have worked with are both very friendly and happy to receive your business. So go through your closet and bring them your worst! I'm confident they can take it!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/13/2014,283,570,4,8,6>Boone Hall Farms is a great little almost hidden gem in Mt. Pleasant off Highway 17. It's a little easy to miss if you blink, just keep an eye out for a little red barn like building across from the fields of Boone Hall. What doesn't Boone Hall Farms have? They carry a little bit of everything. Fresh locally grown vegetables, jams and preserves, homemade soaps, beer, wine, meat cut by in-house butchers, seafood, soups, homemade ice cream, prepared meals, candies, and local arts/crafts. They even have their own restaurant inside the store that makes some good eats; I'm partial to their country fried steak. This store is where the locals come to get locally grown and organic foods, and where tourists stop for souvenirs. You just can't go wrong with Boone Hall Farms.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/12/2014,80,111,,6,4>The duck club sandwich is so dang good...one of my favorite sandwiches anywhere.  It's plenty big enough for two if you're not too hungry. It's a messy sandwich so be prepared ahead of time for that...I had to eat parts of it with a fork and definitely needed my share of napkins.  The wide amazing tastes in every bite made up for the fact it was a messy sandwich that's for sure.  The atmosphere of the place is definitely more dive bar than anything else.  The duck fat fries are also great.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/11/2014,23,272,,6,5>What a surprise! Totally lives up to the good reviews. I love the look, love the outside picnic tables, love the enthusiasm from the person taking orders. We stopped here after a weekend trip around 430p on a Sunday. We were the only ones. I said to the boyfriend - what a shame we were the only ones.The pizza was the best I've had in Charleston.  The concept of no substitutions - great. Why mess with a pre-balanced pizza? I say kudos to the owner of this establishment.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,5/10/2014,15,31,7,6,6>Poogan's Porch is always a favorite. The staff is crazy friendly and the décor has a lot of sweet southern charm. The fried chicken and short ribs are some of the best I've ever had, but for my money, you cannot beat the mac and cheese appetizer. The portions are incredibly generous, so you will definitely leave stuffed with southern deliciousness. Oh, and I cannot forget to mention the BISCUITS! They are worth the price of admission right there.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,5/9/2014,25,70,2,4,3>We ran the gamut of bars in Avondale one night.After spending the whole day in Camden at the Carolina Cup, my group was not done partying.  We started off at Pearlz.  Being outside all day and feeling a bit mucky, it was a little bit more than what we were looking for.  Next we powered up at the Mellow Mushroom with some grub.  The night bartender was such a nice guy.  He made my SoCo and lime perfectly with a decent sized shot of SoCo and a squeeze of lime.  Then we headed across the street to The Roost.  This was totally my style 10 years ago (loud, packed, and a Meat Market), NOT in my 30's.  After a couple of drinks, we headed next door to Gene Haufbrau.Upon walking in, I felt like Goldilocks.  "This bed (bar) was juuuuust right!"  It fit the bill for the wide range of people in our group--large selection of brews for the beer connoisseurs, unpretentious for the rednecky folks, pool tables, board games, and a small outdoor patio for our smokers.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/8/2014,60,163,3,7,5>Dragon Palace is definitely not your average chinese take out place.  It is a fine dining Chinese restaurant that is beautifully decorated.  It is high end Chinese American food, with a few unique takes on some dishes.  I love their Dragon Palace Sampler app. and their dinner for 2.  This combined with a Restaurant.com certificate or Groupon, its a great bargain and a gargantuan amount of food.  It would really feed 4 people rather than two.  The asian chicken salad is really fresh and clean tasting, and one of their best dishes is their version of General Tso's.  It is sweet without being cloying, and the chicken is always nice and crispy. I have also tried the Mei Fun (Pancit) here with roasted pork, which is my go to order at any other Chinese place.  DP's is ok, but I wouldn't get it again, only because their General Tso's is just too good. The service here has always been friendly and competent.  I wish I lived closer, but sadly I only get to visit Dragon Palace once in awhile.  It is a great addition to Daniel Island I think it lives up their standards for a restaurant.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/7/2014,27,117,3,6,4>In a town where there are just so many good restaurants, this one is at the top of the heap.  I have been there three times and tonight was one of the best experiences. Service is great from the second you walk in. Very prompt and attentive.  I had a minor fender bender and I was in the mood for comfort food and I saw fried chicken on the menu (perfect)/ Unfortunately, I found out, upon ordering, that it is so popular you need to call in advance to "reserve" fried chicken with white meat. At first I was annoyed but then I thought "how cool is that their chicken is THAT popular, you have to CALL AHEAD?".  I ordered the meatloaf, mashed potatoes and spring peas.  The meatloaf had a surprising kick to it, and I liked it! The peas and potatoes were the perfect accompaniment.  In addition, I ordered a ridiculous kick ass DESSERT, the chocolate banana pound cake with chocolate butter cream frosting.  WHOA. Just sublime.  The crowning touch is that when the bill came, the server took the cake off the bill because of the horrendous night I had. Was not expected but sure was appreciated.  PS. They also play great music.  MGMT, LCD Sound System, Muse...good stuff.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/6/2014,718,356,3,12,6>What can you say about Charleston Waterfront Park.  So many wonderful things.It is like frolicking through Wonderland or skipping through OZ.  Maybe I am laying this on a bit too thick.Scale back.Why should you spend time here as a visitor or local:1.  Beautiful view of the harbor.  Whether you just want to lay on a blanket with someone you love and watch the sailboats or have a family picnic, the view in perfect.2.  A giant pineapple fountain.  If I need to say more, you should stop reading.3.  Free city operated art gallery.  See we even through in culture.4.  A fountain for the kids to run in and get wet.  Fun Fun Fun especially in the heat of the summer.5.  A pier with swings.  What can be more romantic than that.  An you can fish off the pier.  Lots of options there.6.  Great people watching.  Lots of photography sessions, runners, walkers, kids and even a few silly things.7.  Free WiFi.  I said it.  FREE WiFi.  Grab it now.There you have it.  The top reasons to enjoy Waterfront Park in downtown Charleston.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/5/2014,22,38,5,7,6>This pizza was so DELISH!!! We got the 18" and it was more than enough for my husband and I and our 2 kids, we came home with pizza!! Can't wait to eat the leftovers!! I have been looking for a great pizza place and my search is over! The sauce and dough were so good. They even brought out small dough balls for the kids to play with. Kept the kids busy!!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/4/2014,29,104,,6,3>One of, if not the best place for brunch in Charleston.  I have eaten the blt with green tomatoes and shrimp. Um, awesome!!!Good prices, friendly staff, plenty of menu options.  Don't forget the diet cheerwine !
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,5/3/2014,9,43,2,5,3>The menu is extensive and filled with pics to help out the gringos like me who don't speak Spanish. The server had a Corona and a basket of chips and salsa in front of me within seconds, and was back to take my order a second later. I decided the salsa was fresh and heavenly, and then decided maybe that was the growling belly talking. The fish tacos are outstanding. Very simple: soft shell, fish grilled just right, red cabbage, chipotle sauce. That's it. When food is good it can afford to be simple.On second try the salsa still held up to expectations. The bar is stocked with some solid tequilas, and the happy hour deals are impressive. Blanca at Mexicana Tienda just down the road told me about this place, and I owe her a big thank you. Definitely worth future visits. Also? the waitstaff sometimes sing quietly to themselves with the Latin music. Love it.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/2/2014,58,51,,5,6>Went in with a friend in the early afternoon, the place was a ghost town but I enjoyed the art and really didn't mind being left alone. The bartender must have been a manager of some sort as he mentioned that he designed the food menu. Helped us chose beers to pair with the food we ordered once we asked. I got the cheese plate which was pretty good. A touch bland besides the brie and bleu cheese. Had to grab out server when she went by again to name two of the cheeses since she never said which was which. I'd deffinitely go back, I mean, I do have to try the coffee right?
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/1/2014,19,13,2,7,4>Had super tonight at Leaf! It was fabulous. I had the the shrimp rissoto and it was great. My wife had the steak and it was great also. Leslie was a fabulous food server. She was polite attentive and personable! We had a great experience!See you at The at Leaf soon!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,4/30/2014,27,66,3,5,4>Omg this place was fabulous! Came here for my friends birthday and can't wait to go back. Started with a bottle of red wine not sure what the name was but I'm not a red wine drinker but I enjoyed it. Then had the mushroom bisque. God bless that soup! It was the best soup I've ever had. Came with truffle oil and croutons! It was heavenly:) then enjoyed a huge lasagna with mushroom and lamb sausage! A+ everything was great!!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,4/29/2014,0,3,3,6,4>We ordered here for lunch and everything tasted so delicious, fresh, and healthy!  We will definitely continue ordering from this place! I had the mussels and the lentil salad and the sauce the mussels were cooked in had a great tangy flavor.  Great for dipping bread in. the lentil sald was very healthy and filling for a salad.  Glad we finally discovered this place.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,4/28/2014,28,113,1,7,5>I've been to Big BIlly's Burger Joint a couple of times. The first time, I had posted on a picture they posted on Facebook and I was invited in to come and have a milk shake on the house. We went after a 5k for lunch and the burger was delicious. The milk shake was.... superb. I had the breakfast burger. There was a lot on the burger! The bun itself was kind of dry, but that doesn't bother me because I don't eat the bun.The sweet potato fries aren't great. Sometimes they taste kind of raw, even if I order them well done. I opt for the side salad or tater tots (which are fantastic)My husband had the Boar Burger and said it was delicious! I'm glad they offer a variety of different meats- besides beef and turkey. They also have options for my vegetarian friends, which is great! It is a nice setting for group outtings. They are clean and have a very friendly staff.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/27/2014,91,178,1,7,4>Such an extensive amount of vegetarian entrees to choose from!!! I had gazpacho soup and black bean cakes. they had a bite to them. Love the vintage diner kind of seating near the bar. Service was cool, fast, & friendly. I will def be back!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,4/26/2014,68,158,2,4,4>The skits were mostly funny. The few that weren't didn't matter because it was only $5. The theater itself is old, but I like it. It gives that kind of retro feel. The painting on the stage isn't a vagina, but is Elvis' suit. I was asked what I thought of the Elvis and I had no idea what the guy was asking. When he said the painting, I told him what I thought it was. He said he thought that too at first, but there is a face of Elvis off to the right. Either way, it was kind of funny. I will probably go again in the future.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/25/2014,55,83,3,9,6>The Brew Cellar is a welcome addition to the Park Circle area. It's like having The Charleston Beer Exchange in North Charleston. All the more reason to make this interesting little area a destination. The guys running The Brew Cellar are really excited and enthusiastic about the whole thing. It shows when you first walk in.Since the soft opening they have continued to grow their stock and acquire many new and interesting hard to find craft beers. You'll see Stone, Ommegang, Evil Twin, Terrapin, and many other great breweries all present and accounted for. The prices are fair, and the guys are eager to please. They are open to suggestions for new stock. Upon my first visit there, I was blown away by seeing so many bottles of Bell's Hopslam and bombers of the mighty Green Flash Palate Wrecker at the ready.The spot is cozy. It's small and intimate, just off the main drag in Park Circle. They also have a four tap growler station where they try to keep some interesting brews handy. They have custom growlers and pint glasses, so you won't go without if you drop in unprepared. After just a handful of visits I'm loving The Brew Cellar.  Stop in, spread the word, and help it thrive!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/24/2014,12,60,4,9,7>I went in here a loyalist to Cupcake and baked good fanatic, so  I expected I would find Sugar no more than on par with the many places I have visited thus far. Well, Sugar Bakeshop proved me wrong. Oh, I am sorry for doubting your amazingness Sugar. It blew me out of the water after just one cupcake. First- it's an adorable shop- small, but very cute. unfortunately a bit hidden, but worth a side trip. Second- the variety! The flavors! I am a sucker for options. I am a bigger sucker for unique, hard to find flavors. Sugar stole my heart the second I walked in with flavors like honey, caramel, chocolate almond coconut, and seasonal flavors like chocolate peppermint and gingerbread. Plus at least a dozen more. Which gives me a reason to return!I only got one cupcake for myself, but it was so amazing I couldn't wait to try more before reviewing. The chocolate almond coconut was a moist, perfectly balanced cupcake. And I'm an icing lover, so for me to appreciate a well balanced cupcake means the cake part and icing were in such perfect proportion, and the cake was so moist, with just enough flavor in opposition t the icing, that, well, I wouldn't haven't wanted the icing to overwhelm the whole cupcake. These cupcakes are art. They are so, so thoroughly perfect. And the staff were so patient while I hemmed and muttered about which flavors to get. Wonderful customer service. An all around 10/10.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,4/23/2014,74,142,5,7,6>2 bucks to get in, but totally worth it. A junk yard is only worth the price of admission if you can FIND what you are looking for and LKQ has it down to a science.Autos are sorted by brand or "import" with nice signage to direct you where you want to go. All the vehicles are prelifted on stable welded platforms so you can get in/under/around to find what you need. After you pull the part you need, the prices are low enough to make it worth your time, and if they don't have what you want, you can always call up and ask if your desired car came in so you don't have to drive out there for nothing.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/22/2014,48,79,2,5,3>This is a MUST when visiting Charleston!  I have been on just about every carriage tour in Charleston and Palmetto Carriage Works is head and shoulders above the competition.  Whenever I have family or friends in town I automatically book a tour for us at Palmetto Carriage Works.  Their guides are always very professional and extremely informative.  They have FREE PARKING as well so don't forget to ask about that when you book your next tour.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,4/21/2014,72,74,1,6,6>Mellow Mushroom has always had my favorite pizza in town! Though I've eaten here a bunch in the past, my roommate most recently brought home a small mega veggie for me (um, can I give her 5 stars while I'm rating things?). As usual, it was awesome with great sauce and soft Parmesan crust. My other go-to is the Caesar pizza which is amaaazing! I'm not really a huge fan of the sandwiches but everything else (pretzels, salads, calzones, etc) are consistently great. Service and atmosphere are nice. Go get yourself a cold draft beer and pizza!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/20/2014,26,85,1,7,7>Had dinner here last week for the first time and was really impressed. It was hard for me to believe that the space used to be Aunt Bea's because of the interior , but they did a great job with the decor and have a very cool bar I wouldn't mind having a drink at sometime. There are so many Italian restaurants that just taste "cheap" but this was not one of those. They had several dishes that were technical in creation, and I think everything we had was executed well taste-wise. The prices were very reasonable and I'll look forward to going back.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/19/2014,200,305,5,7,6>Ok it's time my Blue Rose review had a re-do. My previous low-ish rating was simply because I am not a fan of the brunch on Sundays.  I don't like the whole pastries and muffins plate or fixed price thing.  Having learned this after several visits, I simply don't go on Sundays.  Problem solved. Before all else, I have to say that the pancakes at Blue Rose are angelic; basically, you might see God while in their presence.  I love them that much.  The weird part is that I'm not even normally a pancakes person, but here I am, stuffing my face every Saturday morning at Blue Rose.  Maybe they sully them with addictive additives? Meh, I don't care.  I can't turn back now. Breakfast at Blue Rose has become a regular stop for my husband and I.  There aren't many places in Charleston that you can get a plain old breakfast without overpaying for a fancy experience/dish.  Sometimes you just need to let breakfast be breakfast.  Blue Rose has this idea nailed and I adore it.  The folks that work there are incredibly nice, sarcastic at times (which may be my favorite quality) and as others have said, treat everyone like a regular no matter their status.  Definitely my favorite breakfast stop in the low country.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,4/18/2014,64,95,1,11,5>This is one of my favorite go-to lunch places. The fact that it's reasonably priced but more upscale makes it a great place to bring guests or just take a mid-day escape. I think SNOB consistently makes some of the best soups in town. And the express lunch option is a hell of a deal. It does get crowded so reservations are recommended.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,4/17/2014,52,77,3,6,4>This is a great little spot! It's right downtown but just far enough away from the college kids that it isn't super swamped all the time.You order at the counter from their array of fresh sandwiches, salads, breakfast items or specials. I was feeling a little bogged down from all the Super Bowl food from the night before so I opted for the chicken Caesar salad. My friend ordered the special of a short rib sandwich with a side of fries. We were given a # and then found a little table to sit at. The decor is very cute, especially since almost everything is for sale. The "market" section is on one side and consists of some local and specialty items, a decent amount of cold beer and wine, and some fresh produce and juices. Along the other side of the wall, where the tables are, are shelves with a variety of other items for sale. With all of this going on, they still manage to keep the place light and airy.They brought our food out to the table and it was as delicious as it looked. My salad was positively loaded with juicy chicken! I actually ended up with some chicken left over after my lettuce was gone. The dressing wasn't overly oily or thick and the croutons were crunchy and flavorful. The short rib sandwich was very tasty as well and the fries were super yummy. Now that I know that they serve breakfast all day long, I'm going to need to stop in and get one of their awesome looking strawberry and nutella croissants!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/16/2014,29,117,3,7,4>Plenty of nice tables, clean, good  rock music, non-rowdy  no wild clientele.Place was packed on Wednesday with a tournament, but there are always tables available for non-tournament clientele .  Everyone was well-behaved..a diverse crowd of younger to senior and all walks of life.  I felt very comfortable there.  For a full-house I could not believe how quiet it was, no drunks or profanity, no smoking.Food is always great and not greasy..love their chicken crunchers and ripple fries.Friendly staff.  Bar area is separate from the pool area with ample seating and tv screens.They are no longer open on Sunday though...the Players in the Festival Centre corner of Ashley Phosphate and and Dorchester Rd. is open Sundays and is not as big, but has ample tables and good food , friendly staff as well.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/15/2014,48,86,2,5,3>Fantastic line up! I couldn't be happier with the quality of this event. Every band knocked it out of the park. It was an intimate size event, so you could see the bands, really hear the music, and get from one stage to the next quickly. The mud just added to that festival ambiance. What's good music without a little mud?
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,4/14/2014,109,168,,6,6>Vegan nachos. They are better than the real deal, if you can imagine that. I'm serious. Aside from awesome food, the prices are reasonable, the ambience and staff are laid back, and they have parking in the back! Wuuuut.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,4/13/2014,89,265,2,5,4>Been going here for a year now and it is still awesome. I've seen a couple of different stylists - all are great at what they do! Crystal has become my favorite. Definitely go check them out if you need a new do.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/12/2014,67,42,11,9,6>Wow, where to start?  This was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences I've ever had in Charleston.  Everything was fantastic... the ambiance, the service, THE FOOD... oh man, the food!  You know that amazing feeling you got when your elementary school crush sent you a note telling you that they liked you??  Well it's 100 times better than that!  I know it sounds crazy, but it's true.  Sorry, Amanda from East Dover Elementary.  This restaurant blew your note out of the water!We had a fixed menu for New Years Eve and I was able to try a little of everything.  There is absolutely nothing to complain about.  I'd let them cook for me any day.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,4/11/2014,21,101,,8,6>I had my teeth cleaned today and they feel great! The staff  and Dr. D were fabulous. The cleaning took a little longer that I anticipated but they were very thorough. They have a laser and really good equipment. They also have a price list at the end to let you know ahead of time how much fillings and other procedures cost. They show you how much your insurance pays so you are not surprised afterwards. I highly recommend Water's Edge.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/10/2014,84,65,3,8,3>So I tried this place on a whim when one well known place and one of their neighbor businesses turned out to be closed by 330pm on a Monday.  I am glad I tried this place because it's authentic Charleston soul food.   Charleston you need to step up your yelp game,  because people aren't trying or aren't reviewing places that are not on the beaten path. I was leery of trying Ike's because there was only one review for it. I went in and ordered from Ike and ordered the chicken combo with red rice and mac and cheese.  I got some of the lemonade,  it was not my personal style but I can't knock them for it when I know I'm very picky and limited in the kind of lemonade that I like.  Ike asked me if I wanted to eat in the dining area but the lights over there were off because they're weren't busy and I didn't want them to use that area for just me, so I ate at the counter. I waited at the counter and thought to myself dang what's taking so long.   I could watch the cook easily from my seat and noticed that it was cooking the chicken that was taking forever.   Ike gave me a refill on my lemonade and I was playing on my phone while I waited for my food to finish cooking.  The biggest knock that I have to give this place is that they microwaved their rice go warm it up and that kind of kills the flavor.   The food finally came out and it looked good.  I could see the batter they used made a thick and golden brown crust that looked enticing.    The chicken was great and so was the mac and cheese,  while the red rice was decent.   I am from San Diego California and we are very deficient in Soul Food and I think Charleston takes these places for granted. Ike's was listed under ethnic food as opposed to soul food. This place is authentic South Carolina soul food.  You know a place is authentic when the cook speaks a obscure dialect so fast....  I thought she was speaking English a little bit but it was Gullah in all its glory.  The north side of meeting is becoming a nice area and if you are reading this then I challenge you to up your yelp game and go to Ike's.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/9/2014,112,325,,7,4>I went to EVO recently with some friends and we really enjoyed it. First, the restaurant was super accommodating. We came in without a reservation and a group of 10 girls, and they happily pushed tables together and made us feel welcome. They brought our drinks quickly- including those who ordered alcohol, and the whole ambiance was great, very locally-centered and focused on serving the best local produce and ingredients. I really like that. They also bring a menu of specials out with the regular menu. I had a vegan pizza with a side of marinara sauce, as I like to dip my pizza crust in it. Now, the marinara sauce isn't vegan, which is why the vegan pizza has roasted red pepper sauce on it- which is also great. I'm a vegetarian but I really didn't miss the cheese on the pizza. It was a great pizza, tons of vegetables and it's neat to find a vegan option in North Charleston for those who are. You can get cheese added to it for an extra fee. Some friends has pistachio pesto pizzas and other neat things. There are a lot of fancier options here, so it's not the place you go for a cheap pepperoni pizza, hehe. One friend had a salad and it looked delicious, I had a little salad envy (you could probably also get the salads made vegetarian or vegan, fairly easily).
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,4/8/2014,76,130,3,7,5>I finally tried Prohibition with a group of fellow yelpers, and we had a pretty good time.  Wednesday nights are dance nights, and I don't mean like club dancing.  I mean swing/shag dancing.  They had a live band playing swing music and even have lessons.  The atmosphere was very nice.  I was the first of the group to arrive, so I reserved a table and waited at the bar.  The bar was not that busy, so I don't understand why it took so long for the bartender to get around to serving me.  When he did make his way around to me, more troubles followed.  They did not have a lot of the beers on the menu.  It was disappointing to go from trying to order one of my favorite beers, then having to step down to choice number two which was also out.  At that point, I didn't really care what the bartender gave me.  Once the group arrived, we took our table, and the service got a lot better.  I ordered a few of the oyster sliders and really liked them.  The fried oyster, blue cheese slaw, and garlic hot sauce came together deliciously, but be warned; that garlic hot sauce packs a little punch!  I also tried a few of a friends bernaise fries, and they were pretty good too.  I think everyone was sneaking fries off of her plate.  I'd give the bar service two stars, but I think the table service, food, and atmosphere deserve four, so thats what we're going with.  Hopefully, next time they will be able to get it together at the bar.[UPDATE]I recently went back for some more swing dancing, and had a great experience this time.  We had a large table out back, and the bartender on the back patio was very friendly and accommodating.  I tried their special for the day, which was elk sliders, and duuuuude, those suckers are awesome!  The elk alone had enough flavor to make me happy, but they also had some kind of delicious sauce on them as well.  I wish I knew what it was so I could try to make some at home, because I would dip everything in it.  I definitely wiped up every drop off of my plate.  The band that usually plays on Wednesday nights is also great.  They have a weird little quirky sound to them, but that uniqueness is what we like about them.  If you went to the Christmas Ball at the Music Hall last year, they are the ones that played "Porcelain Penguin" and the "Little Colorado Christmas Trees" songs, haha!  I hope Prohibition keeps up the good work, because we intend to continue swing dancing regularly.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/7/2014,31,20,1,11,5>Chez Nous, which opened on 3/18/14, brings a unique European restaurant concept to Charleston, from the Panellas (the couple who owns local-favorite wine bar, Bin 152 @ yelp.com/biz/bin-152-cha), and their chefs (Jill Mathias, Executive Chef and Juan Cassalett, Sous Chef).(Full disclosure, my wife and I have been huge fans of Bin 152 since we moved in down the street a few years ago.)Accepting no reservations, Chez Nous offers a different menu each day for lunch and dinner (yes, the menu changes daily, how ambitious is that?) with two appetizers, two main courses, and two desserts, along with a diverse wine list. It's a cozy and romantic two-story place: lots of dark wood, candlelight, and French music.My wife and I were lucky enough to get the chance to try Chez Nous on one of their "soft opening" nights, which ran smoothly--to my surprise given how many moving parts go into opening a restaurant. The appetizers were octopus or pork belly; the main courses were house-made chicken/veal sausage or Catalan fish stew; and the desserts were fig pudding or an orange tart. All creative, well-executed and delicious. Friendly and efficient service rounded out the experience.Personally, I thought somebody would have to be a little nuts to open a new restaurant with the white-hot Charleston fine-dining scene competition, but it seems the owners and chefs have successfully carved out a delicious niche for themselves!Can't wait to go back.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/6/2014,32,79,2,5,4>Dudley's is such a great, fun gay bar!  They welcome everyone, gay, straight, other - plus $12 pitchers of Margaritas or Sex on the Beach for Happy Hour 4-8 every night!  Their shot of choice is a Fireball, so yum, and they have the BEST drag queen emcee for their drag shows - Miss Patty O'Furniture.  She's camp, sassy, and not afraid to dish out some mocking (and free shots).  She does a show every Thursday night and will bring in special guests.  The last one I went to, she gave away half her tips to various charities - and that really sums up the feel of the bar: a place to have fun and be who you are, but also mindful and active within the community.  Socially conscious debauchery.They frequently host parties with drink specials, contests, and free food - like they did for the Oscars; and they also play host to the only gay sports team in the state - the Blockade Rugby Club.  It's good people, a good time, and reasonably priced, especially for upper King.  I haven't eaten their food beyond the free trays at parties, but they call Basil Thai (their neighbor) their sister restaurant, so I'm guessing the food is pretty tasty as well.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,4/5/2014,68,163,,7,5>This is the Mexican food I have been missing and looking for since moving from California, five years ago. If gooey, spicy queso dip is what you're after... then go to any of the numerous Tex-Mex places around town. This is not that place.They do have a chips and cheese appetizer (plain, or with either beef or chorizo crumbled on top) but you will have to search for it on the menu, and it is distinctly different from all the others.Some of the plates we ordered for our dinner included the chile relleno, chicken enchiladas, chicken mole, and the steak milanesa. All were thoroughly enjoyed. Of particular note were the hot, freshly made tortillas -- both corn and flour are available.I also had a glass of the house made jamaica (pronounced: ha-mai-ka) agua fresca, which is a hibiscus-flavored sweet tea; it was very good.Leave room for churros! They were fresh and delicious, with just the right sugar & cinnamon to dough ratio.The owner was very friendly and attentive. He, and another server, made regular visits to our table, to refresh drinks and check up on us.There was nothing we didn't enjoy. It is my sincere expectation that, with a couple more visits, I will feel confident in giving Carmen y Juan a full 5-star rating.I am very excited to come back for breakfast very soon.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/4/2014,49,75,2,4,3>I went with some family on St. Patrick's Day. I've been here for brunch many times, but had yet to try anything on their regular menu. I started off with an Angry Orchard, which was reasonably priced at $5 for a tall can. We asked our server about the drums special, which seemed appealing, so we ordered a few. I chose two of the Guinness Cheddar Cheese. HOLY COW! These things are huge and SO flavorful. I love the crunch of the drum with the cheesy, Guinness-y sauce. They were phenomenal. My only complaint was it came with Blue Cheese (which I hate) and it had sort of dripped on the drums. No worried though - they offer Ranch also (you won't need it). Come to find out, the Guinness drums are a rotating flavor, so they aren't always available. Not cool.I ordered a cuban sandwich for my actual meal. I wasn't overwhelmed with satisfaction - it was just like every cuban sandwich I've ordered before - grilled bread with ham, swiss, pork, mustard, and pickles. The waiter did bring some sort of brown liquid (Like an au jus, I guess) that was pretty great. It had a VERY familiar flavor to it that I still can't figure out. While burgers seem to be their big thing, they get 5 stars for the brunch and the drums!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/3/2014,94,197,,10,4>Had a fantastic brunch here the other morning. The duck BBQ sandwich is on point, and that country fried steak was awesome (with some of the best collard greens I've ever had). I highly recommend the grits, and a pitcher of mimosas for just $10.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/2/2014,93,150,,6,4>I personally love this place. Geek, hip, trendy, whatever the hell you want to call it. It's straight up fun here. The arcade games (maybe because I grew up with 90s games), skeeball, hoop shot, air hockey, and bowling (at maybe the coolest vintage/retro looking lanes I have ever seen)? How could a person not find something to do here? All that aside, they have two large bars, one that is part of a private party area upstairs. The food is done up by Home Team kitchen and it's great for "bowling alley food."  Tip (as others have talked about), for me to get a lane here, I took a kid/kids to the Monday special they have going at 4-5ish and got a lane right away. Not that you need kids, but I would suggest going early on an off night. As a plus, I believe Mondays are $15 for an hour for a lane (double check this) and the employees even kept extending ours after the time was up to finish a couple of games up. Thanks guys!We even caught Uncle Bill (BFM) in there hanging out one night. Pretty cool.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,4/1/2014,79,28,,5,5>I love this place and am a regular. Why? It is fun and has great food. What it boils down to is that the owner loves what he's doing. He's excited about the food and he's excited about people. We've never been in when he's not chatting away with customers, engaging in fun talk.So, most important to a review of a restaurant is what to eat... I like:* Adult grilled cheese :-) :-) :-)  -- three smiles up!* All the soups -- haven't had a bad one* Thick cut turkey sandwich* Buffalo chicken sandwich* Slaw or pasta saladAnd the lemonade and limeades are refreshing.So, yeah, it is in a laundry mat, and that can be a little odd, but isn't a bit of oddness what makes life fun?
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/31/2014,158,145,4,11,8>I stopped by twice on opening week.  I was there briefly on Halloween and then again on Saturday.  I've already fallen in love.  I only went for beers, oh wait I mean biers, but I can't wait to get back to try the food since the menu looks amazing.  Both nights we went were crazy packed so be prepared.  In fact, on Saturday they stopped serving food at 10pm (usually they serve until 11) because they were just that busy.I love the fact that you can pour your own drafts!  It's genius, really.  First, there's the wall of beer in the back.  You get a card and put money on it and then go to town.  I like the fact that you can pour 1/3 of a glass or even just a sip if you wanted so you can try something new before committing to a full glass.  Both nights I was there, it seemed all the beers were all pretty much dark, full-bodied beers so I'm looking forward to them adding some lighter options as they switch things up.  On Saturday, a group of us sat at one of the booths, which is the way to go if you can snag one.  We had three taps at our table that consisted of Holy City Porter, a hefeweizen and Yuengling, which I thought was a nice variety.  They also have taps on the communal tables you can use your card with if there's something else you want to try.  Another cool feature is that they have screens at your table that tell you how many ounces you're pouring as well as your total.  They also have Youtube and some other apps on there to have fun with.  We totally watched that emotional baby video that just went viral at our table, although unfortunately you can't hear the sound because it's too loud.  The only negative I'd say about the taps setup is usually first pours have a lot of head and you end up paying for that.  I think it'd be nice for the servers to do a quick pour of the taps to get some of the head out.  Other than that, it's such a great idea and not having to wait for your server to order another round = priceless.I'll definitely be back and I'll be sure to update my review once I try the food.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,3/30/2014,10,97,4,7,6>It's never a good feeling when someone runs into your beautiful, brand new luxury car, so we wanted to make sure that we restored our car to "like new" condition.  The Audi dealership referred us to CCW, as they are Audi Certified.  From Day 1, Tate was friendly, helpful, a great communicator, and provided us a level of service I've never experienced in the auto body repair arena.  A++, great experience!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,3/29/2014,163,364,3,9,3>Of course this place has never been Yelped. It's a damn shame that the only things that show up in North Charleston for seafood is the Wreckfish and Red Lobster.This is an old a seafood market with a kitchen. Their specialty look to be "Jacksonville Style Crabs" which look to be some fried crabs slathered with garlic butter. Unbelievably messy to eat but wonderful.Their fried fish is a little more breaded than Dave's but still has a great fllavor.  No place to eat inside, but looks like alot eat in the parking lot in their cars. Have conch on the menuDon't expect a white cloth/pristine environment. Do expect a little sass, a lot of good seafood and some hilarious decor.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,3/28/2014,34,62,7,5,5>I have been going to AC's for far too long now, mainly because I'm cheap and the PBR is always flowing, but partially because it is the opposite of some of the terrible new "club" places popping up all over Charleston, which is someone's sick attempt to turn our great city into a mini-Miami, shaved head men in tight shirts and pre washed jeans included. I have spent many a night here during my day. Once, I told a girl who my friend was seeing that he had a wandering eye - and yes, that was the first time I had met her. Myself aside, I had never reviewed AC's. Now I will because I have finally eaten here. I came in for lunch during an 8 hour shit show seminar where I was locked in a conference room and literally beaten with the stick of boredom. The moment I walked into AC's, I knew my day was about to turn around. Sure, it still smelled like beach clothes you left in a plastic bag that soured weeks ago, and the floors were still filthy from the night before, but now I got to experience the moldy glasses, the kind that smell like your old bathroom towels when you put it up to your nose, the flat diet coke that tastes nothing like diet coke, and the "serve yourself" lunch baskets. You also learn that AC's restrooms always look like a war zone and smell like one too, not just during the night. AC's get 4 stars for being unapologetically AC's. I am happy bars like this still exists in a time when Charleston is being ruined by the Traveler's magazines of the world. In the war that is surely coming to our streets soon, I take comfort knowing AC's will be my last line of defense.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/27/2014,81,113,1,11,6>This food is made with love. The servers presented the menu with pride and every dish and drink that came to our table was as good as it could be. Having lived in West Philly, (without access to a kitchen, in an area of town known as Little Ethiopia), I know good, average and bad Doro Wot.  Ethiopian Taste serves the best I have had. It is earthy, with tempered spice. The chicken and egg were tender, but not overdone. The collards and green beans were delicious. The other meats were lean and succulent. The injera was mildly tangy. Overall, perfect. The restaurant was full of people enjoying aromatic, ceremonial coffee. Next time, we will request a basket table (mesob).
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/26/2014,197,496,5,6,5>Both times I have visited, WWC has had a solid showing.  The service is polite and prompt, the food is absolutely decent (although the temp on my burger was wayyyheeeeey off), and I love the outside seating area with all of the NFL games on.  I won't kick them out of bed. Oh, beers need to be faster.  BRING ME BEER.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,3/22/2014,63,159,,5,4>By far, one of the best Restaurant Week deals in town. Great portions, great service, and great food. I recommend the Pad Woon Sen and fried green tea ice cream...delish!This was our second time dining at Basil, both times have been during Restaurant Week. I definitely need to add it into our dinner rotation...Basil never disappoints!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/21/2014,24,92,1,8,4>I cannot believe it took me this long to eat here!!! Service-everyone that we came in contact with was super sweet. From the hostess to the server to the man that dropped off our food! Our server Jackie was super cool and did a great job recommending different dishes and indulging us with her favorites. Food-I got the sandwich that has pimento cheese, bacon, caramelized onions, and tomato. It was killer. Very rich; and i was in the mood for comfort food! Boyfriend got the cuban and he loved it as well. I ordered the hummus as a side and it comes with not enough cucumbers and for a dollar more add a pita slice. It was still delicious. Boyfriend ordered the pasta salad as a side and ordered 2 of them because he loved it so much. The food did take a little over 30 minutes but honestly it was a saturday afternoon and they were slammed. That would not deter me from coming back again! The kitchen was working their butts off!! Lunch was DELICIOUS! There are a million options and truly something for everyone! Can't wait to go back! Thanks y'all!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/20/2014,58,60,5,8,5>So, I'm not a bobble head or anything, but I've always been a little self conscious about my large cranium. For this reason, I've always followed Fran Drescher's lead & assumed the bigger the hair, the better, & finding a stylist has always been a little tough. (Blowouts are amazing on others, but I feel like my head looks huge when my fine hair is straight & sleek.). But then, I found Casey at Stella Nova...Seriously, she is the best stylist I've ever had, & I can't go to anyone else now. She took the time to figure out what I liked & didn't like, & she understands my big head conundrum. I've never had a bad haircut from her, & I completely trust her advice. Plus, they're always willing to squeeze me in when I need a last-minute touch up. Casey gets 5 stars, for sure!I've also had my eyebrows waxed, & for $15, it's painless on both my brows & my wallet. However, my little sister got her brows done here & they accidentally nicked the skin under her arch with shaping scissors. (It wasn't painful, but it left a red mark for about a week or so.) I definitely think this was an unlucky fluke for her, but sisterly love demands that I at least mention it here. :)If you're looking for a new stylist (or just becoming a grown up & trying to settle on one stylist), I definitely recommend Stella Nova!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,3/19/2014,40,77,3,6,4>I was a bit taken aback by the price after order 2 iced teas, guacamole, and two tortas but the fresh guacamole and salsa alone eased my mind! The tortas as great as well! I had the chicken while my husband had the carne asada and while both were prepared well and very flavorful I think I will be ordering the carne asada next time! The meat was seasoned so well and was so tender I'll have to have one of my own! Great place! Service was fast and friendly as well.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/18/2014,76,127,6,8,6>This is by far the best DIY car wash in Charleston. $1 will get your car clean and $2 will have it shining like one of those rap guys' Jesus chains.  Convenient location, well kept facilities, plenty of space, and I've never had a problem with the equipment. Protip: Any time you use a self service car wash, always keep an extra quarter in your pocket. This way, when the "one minute left" warning goes off you can make sure to finish the job and not have to ride around soapy all day. You can thank me later.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,3/17/2014,67,240,3,5,3>Holy hot sauce, Batman!It's safe to say that I have never been to a hot sauce emporium before I stepped through the doors of Pepper Palace so I probably don't have much of a baseline for comparison. However, I do know that the experience I had here could not be beat!If you are a fan of hot sauce, salsa, or BBQ sauce, then this my friend is the store for you! The walls are bursting with all the heat packing goodies you could imagine. Plus there are free samples of nearly everything! The first time I visited here I was looking for a gift for a hot sauce and salsa aficionado friend of mine. The gentleman working there (who I believe is one of the owners) was super friendly and helpful as he answered any questions that we had, gave recommendations, and encouraged us to sample freely and liberally. Needless to say, I left with just as many "gifts" for myself as I did for her. The shop is very conveniently located on Market Street right outside downtown's City Market. However, this convenience probably also allows the owners to increase the price of their items to a degree given the large influx of tourists they must bring in (I'm assuming). Regardless, the prices are not outrageous while the quality of the goods is indeed excellent.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,3/16/2014,77,69,2,5,5>Visited the Southerly for the first time yesterday and was incredibly impressed. We sat at the bar, and enjoyed a few beverages and food. I have to say, the food was incredible! We had the deviled eggs and pimento cheese balls as an appetizer. Both were delicious. I had the short rib as my entree and it was fantastic. It comes with a creamy corn side which compliments the meat impeccably. And the meat was cooked to perfection.I also tried my friends crab cake and was impressed by it as well. Its a real crab cake packed with meat and little filler. The service was great as well. Really friendly, attentive bar tenders. I'll be going back in the next day or two for round 2. A big thumbs up!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,3/15/2014,63,113,4,5,5>OMG this place is amazing.  Very pricey but so worth it. I don't know if it was because I had a couple of shots too many but the breakfast sandwich I had was amazing.  It was a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich for $8 but it was one of the freshest i have ever had even the egg tasted farm fresh.The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I went late with about 5 other people and we got our food and drinks out quickly.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,3/14/2014,11,71,1,9,6>This place really saved me the other day.  We were on Sullivan's Island and I really needed food, about to pass out, dizzy kind of thing.  Of course, finding gluten free food is hard anywhere, especially a small area like Sullivan's or IOP.We stopped because I had a hunch by the name, they may have alternative food there.  Sure enough, they had gluten free bagels and rolls and were able to make me a turkey sandwich on the bagel.  The sandwich was good, my husband enjoyed his, and they were understanding about my allergy and I didn't get sick.  Reasonably enough priced, about 8.00 for a sandwich.They have a market of vegetables, bread, local items, and a good vibe in there, they were playing some good music.  All in all, if I need to go back to the area, I'll definitely stop back again.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,3/13/2014,116,162,1,8,3>Locally owned restaurant. We tried the pizza: crust is good and the tomato sauce is  delicate and not too sweet. The 10" size is perfect. The restaurant is also clean.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,3/12/2014,35,136,3,9,4>I saw the Food Court Wars show on the Food Network and had some recommendations from friends and I knew I had to get here.  I detest going to the mall, but I finally got to Citadel Mall yesterday when I needed to pick something up for my husband.  I made a beeline for Holy City Pizzeria....needless to say, I'm going back!! Yesterday there were pepperoni and cheese pizzas, a buffalo chicken pizza, spinach/white sauce pizza, and the one I opted for:  meatball and ricotta.  The pies are under heat lamps and when you order a slice, it is placed in the large brick oven for a few minutes.  What emerged was perfection!  Completely filled the paper plate.  Thin, crispy crust, not too much crust on the outside, very good red sauce, bite sized pieces of flavorful meatballs, quarter sized dollops of ricotta, a sprinkling of seasonings, and just the right amount of mozzarella.   That slice ranks in my top two slices of pizza I've had, only to be edged out by the slice I had in New Jersey for the atmosphere alone....even darn good pizza is overshadowed by sitting in a food court.  Kids, strollers, fast food places, etc.    I inhaled that slice...literally.  I hope no one noticed.  Then I realized I didn't take a picture of it!  Maybe I can control myself better next time.  Also, when I was paying for my slice ($4), I noticed in the case by the register there were gorgeous pastries!  Cakes!  Fancy things!  Sfagliatelli!  (Lobster Tails) I didn't think to ask if they are house-made or brought in from another bakery.  I'll check on that and update the review. I'm getting one next time. ($3.50 each)There was a steady flow of customers, which was surprising for 3:00 on a Thursday afternoon.  I can't imagine how busy must be on weekends.  I'm really looking forward to going back, regardless if there is a line or not.I am hoping, HOPING that Holy City will be able to:1.  Be successful enough to remain in Citadel Mall once their one-year paid lease  that they won on Food Court Wars is up.2.  Open a restaurant!  Please!!  (Preferably West of the Ashley. Like near my house.)  ;-)
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/11/2014,54,164,3,5,4>This is a very solid slice of pizza!  There isn't much seating, but the slice is just about perfect.  I could use a bit thinner of a crust, but two slices and a soda for $7?  Try to beat that.  I dare you.The restaurant is tight, seating wise, but the two times I've been in, I haven't had an issue getting a table.  If the outside tables disappear during the winter months, it's likely that space will be more at a premium, but until then, I'm fine sitting wherever.Hell, I'll order my slices and sit in my car!  The slices really are that good!I guess the only thing I question is their taste in football teams, as they're Pats fans.  Go Giants!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/10/2014,85,48,1,7,5>I. Am. Obsessed. This place is my go to whenever I need a fresh juice or smoothie!! One of the employees was so friendly. She spent 30 minutes chatting with me about the ingredients, where they buy from, great combos for different drinks and even suggested throwing in a vegetable I never thought to for added energy! (I think it was beets but it was in a drink I never thought would be good with beets)My favorite is the banana baby smoothie with a shot of greens. A little pricey so I could probably make the same smoothie at home for much cheaper .....but worth trying different things there first.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,3/9/2014,59,204,2,7,3>I lived in Japan for about two years, so any time I walk into a "Japanese" restaurant in the USA, I walk in with very low expectations. Last night I walked into Sushi 101 already prepared to hate it. This is Goose Creek, SC; it is not a town well-known for its sparkling array of excellent restaurants. We were greeted prompty, upon walking in, by a very friendly hostess and seated near the sushi bar towards the rear of the dining room. We ordered a pair of Kirin Ichibahns and looked over the menu. They had a very large selection of sushi and sashimi, a respectable starter menu and small section of "habachi" foods for those who don't care for sushi.We ordered some edamame, a California roll, a cucumber roll, a rainbow roll, a dragon roll, a Charleston roll, and tuna tataki. The sushi was nice, but the rice could have used some seasoning. "SUSHI" in Japanese means " VINEGARED RICE".Thus the rice itself is supposed to be seasoned wih salt, sugar, and a little vinegar. What we got seemed to be just plain steamed rice. So I have to take  star away for that. On the whole though it was very good. The fish was fresh, and the rolls were tightly wrapped. The tuna tataki was the star of the show. There were 7 very generously large slices of tuna laid over a bed of cucumber and wakame seaweed salad. I was a little sad that they put shichimi powder on the tuna, as it was so fresh and lovely that  the extra spice just detracted from its beauty. This, however, is a great failing of most Japanese places on the east coast. Less is definately more when dealing with beautiful fish. But now I know for next time to simply ask them to leave the shicimi off. Sushi 101 will definately be seeing my family and I again, and often.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/8/2014,38,95,2,10,7>Went to the soft opening earlier this week here. All i can say is that this place is gorgeous. the courtyard outside is beautiful and will definitely be a nice place to socialize once the weather warms up a bit. The inside decor is all wood and tans, accented with wrought iron. The wrought iron chandeliers definitely add a lot to the the ambiance of the place. Open kitchen, so you can see most of whats going on with the cooking. And most interesting - is the drying rooms upstairs with a window so you can see the meats hanging. Beers and cocktails - Do not be afraid to taste the home beers, they may be a little darker than you are used to, but does not have the typical heaviness at all. They only had 3 on tap, but plan on having up to 42 beers, and 6 wines on tap. Edmund's Oast, Lord Proprietor's Mild - dark in color but amazing tasty and light !!! New fave!! Edmund's Oast, Faust - red in color, but sour. was not a fan, but i am not a fan of sour candies either. if you are, try this one! Edmund's Oast, Nameless City - dark in color, and a little heavier than the Lord Prop Mild, not tooo heavy though - BUT it is delicious, light fruit and chocolate taste. Im not a dark / heavy beer fan, but this was def my 2nd fave. signature cocktails - are STRONG. like super omg knock you on your butt strong. best ones we tried (though we had to sip slowly to finish) "Visions of LA" - honestly the best one in my opinion.  "The Bishops Robe" , "Black Patent" and the "CHATHAM ARTILLERY PUNCH"  ---- all of these are awesome, and are a definite must try!!! Foods - Smoked bar nuts,Gin Joint Style Jerky and Roasted Brussells are a good starter to share. I personally loved the Cured Swordfish - I wish they had it as a larger dinner plate, I would just eat it all up!! SO YUMMY !!! The Charcuterie Board was delicious!!!! The pistachio pate is so exquisite, you may want to eat the entire serving !!! You have been warned !!!! Braised Lamb meatballs - melt in your mouth soft, flavor is unlike anything I have ever tasted!!!  We ordered 2 plates cause we devoured the first one and were close to just licking the plate !!!!! you like Lamb - you must try this !!!! Hernandez Sweet Potatoes are delicious, they are fried, but they add a spice to the seasonings, so you get the sweetness of the sweet potato with just a hint of a spicy bite. Very delicious addition to the meatballs or the burger. EDMUND'S BACON EGG & CHEESEBURGER - too big for one person and too delicious not to share - so share the yumminess with someone !!!! i cant even begin to explain the explosion of taste. just try it. you will not regret it. this place is a now new fav of mine, I cant wait for the grand opening tomorrow!! I know i will definitely be back here frequently over the summer !!!!!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2014,3/7/2014,100,213,3,7,3>I am a Texan, and if you don't know Catfish is the state bird of Texas.  So imagine my surprise when I ordered a Catfish Dinner at  Jim 'N Nicks and was really happy with my meal.  It was seasoned well and the size of the fillets were just right.  I'll have to come back at another time to try the BBQ, but for now I'm happy to find fried catfish done right. I sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon before the church crowd came in.  The service was bartender was very nice and the food came out fast.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/6/2014,51,42,2,8,5>After reading the reviews, I had to try this place! We decided to order a pizza, the meatball ravioli and lasagna for pick up. The owner gave me the total over the phone and then called me back to apologize that he rang it up wrong and it was less than what he told me. His honesty already confirmed I chose a great place for dinner. We arrived and were greeted immediately while he was in the kitchen making our dinner from scratch.  I could go on and on about how AMAZING the food is but just take everyone's word for it and go in and try this place. It's the best pizza place in town (even better than Giovanni's!!) I can't wait to go back!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/5/2014,4,9,3,5,4>I lived in NYC for 11 years and never found the perfect chocolate chip cookie.  Who knew I just had to move to Charleston!  Thanks to Brown's Court Bakery for striking the perfect balance between chewy and crispy, and sweet and salty.  Moreover, the staff is friendly and eager to inform patrons about new items, like the kale focaccia.  It's nice to support a team of people who enjoy their work.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/4/2014,1,18,3,5,4>Great food & atmosphere! Our group enjoyed the Grammy salad, a few poboys, a burger, and some pasta. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the live music made it even better. Thursday nights are trivia, Friday nights karaoke, and Saturday live music.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,3/3/2014,283,570,2,8,8>When on Folly be sure to check out Blu's outdoor bar. It's the closest you can get to drinking on Folly Beach without getting a $500 fine. The bartenders here are pretty friendly and make a nice strong drink, but it can get a little pricey here since most drinks are a dollar or two more than other bars on Folly. The few times I've eaten at Blu it has been a pretty good experience. We first ate there on New Day where they served a buffet complete with ham hock, black eyed peas, and collard greens; and I have to say we were not impressed by the food or service that day. But we did give them a few more tries and they have pleased us each time since then. They serve a great breakfast buffet on Saturday and Sunday for around $10 that includes eggs, grits, pastries, potatoes, bacon, sausage, biscuits, gravy, and a few other items that along with a bloody mary can cure what ills you. Back to the outdoor patio / bar area. That is where it is at. You won't find a better view of Folly Beach when you eat or drink than you will here. Not to mention on the weekends they have some pretty good live music during the day. And and added bonus is out there shoes and shirts are not required!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/2/2014,94,147,4,6,5>Oysters, beer, vendors, Frisbee, friends, music, what more could you ask for?It was great! Very well attentive staff & over all the event was well coordinated! I enjoyed the oysters & they kept them flowing like water! There was great parking, good space for the event, great music, & very helpful staff!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/1/2014,88,24,5,7,7>This was an exceptional event to be a part of! It really turned out to be much more of a celebration of everyone's hard fundraising efforts than an actual run. It felt under a mile which was great for me since I am not much of a runner. The weather turned out to be beautiful and so were the runners donning their bedroom best! Watching everyone run on the beach was quite a site! Charleston raised $28,000 and team yelp donated $2,600 to that effort!The organizers did a great job of making this an enjoyable event to participate in. When you checked in you received an Undie Run T shirt and a drawstring back pack with some goodies. If you raised at least $50 you received a pair of Undie run undies! At $150 you got the VIP bar... and at $500 an Undie run embroidered robe! Next year I'm aiming for the robe! They also had food for after the run, which was very much appreciated because we were hungry after.And for the skeptics that were reluctant to join the team... there were many in normal running gear and many in just their undies... all were welcome and no one was shunned for not stripping down. Till next year!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,2/28/2014,183,717,2,6,6>After coming from the Habitat Restore on Johns Island, this place was the bees knees.  Lots to choose from, tables, chairs, shutters, etc... and the prices are VERY reasonable.  I know where I need to go if I'm looking for antiques that are reasonably priced.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/27/2014,80,111,4,7,5>Tsunami is a hidden gem in my mind...not that people dont know about the place but I really feel like people don't have any idea how good their happy hour deals really are.  All house liquor drinks are $2 from 4-7 along with half priced appetizers.  It's not a small selection of appetizers either...there are many things on their that really are full meals.  Personal favorites include the Seabiscuit, Karaage, Crab Wontons, and the Tuna Tartar. Dave and Craig are the normal full time bartenders and both are great...go visit them, they'll treat you well.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/26/2014,75,62,3,9,5>I've been wanting to check this place out for a while, and finally did this morning . When I pulled up, most of the parking spaces were taken. I saw that an exercise class was being held behind the building ( not sure if its connected with Orange Spot or not). Luckily, it wasn't crowded inside. I got a soy cappuccino and sat at a small table and connected to the free, fast wifi.One sip, and I was like WOW! The flavor was amazing! Hard to imagine, but it was better that both Starbucks and Barnes & Noble- my two go to places.The soy had been whipped to a dense foam like marshmallows ! Then I got the Chai Tea everyone raves about. It is as good as they say!I also tried a strawberry oat bar. It is not made by Orange Spot. It was dry and crumbly. The owner and her employee were very friendly, and I can predict that I will be back soon!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,2/25/2014,158,161,5,9,6>This is my go-to "TREAT. YO. SELF" restaurant.It's the kind of place you want to stay for hours and order course after course just to try something new.One big fat star goes to their subtle placement of sound absorbing panels all over the walls and ceiling.  This makes it possible to have a conversation while surrounded by a full house of people on their 3rd glass of wine.  (Unlike tasty Basil down the street.  I can't even hear myself think in there on a busy night.)SERVICE:Excellent.  I always see the manager (?) out and about and he goes out of his way to greet each table and make you feel like part of the family.  I've had a couple different servers, but my favorite is Molly.  She knows her stuff, is timely and consistently handles all my weirdo friends and family with a sense of humor and kindness.APPETIZERS:If you love potatoes, cheese and fried things (and who doesn't), go for the potato crochettes.  They're just the right crispy texture with a not-too-heavy creamed potato/cheese filling.SALADS:The winter greens salad is one of my favorites, as it is a light mix of roots and greens that you don't often see on the menu.  It was perfectly dressed and just the right amount for two of us to share before our main courses.PIZZA:For a simple classic, the Margherita delivers. The flavor of the crust carries the pizza, so that you get texture and taste as a foundation for whatever goodness you like on top.  I've also had the Pork Tesa, which, if you love bacon (do I even need to ask?) you'll love this pizza.  Centered with an egg, this would be a Ron Swanson favorite.PASTA:Pappardelle.  The noodles are so light and melt-in-your-mouth. The pork sugo has a slightly sweet taste which I attribute to some herb I couldn't place.  It's lovely.DESSERT:Get the something-something Budino.  It's a salted carmel pudding sort of affair with this delicious little chocolate cookie that has just the right balance of flaky, salty and sweet.I love this place a lot.  Oh and there's a valet parking lot behind the building which makes life easier.I would definitely make reservations if you dine at normal-people hours during the rush.  They're often packed!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/24/2014,60,163,2,8,7>I've been wanting to check out Básico for awhile now and tonight we finally ventured out. Here's the Great:The food we had, all of it, was fantastic.  Everything was fresh, extremely flavorful, and well portioned (although some might say the tacos are on the small side).  They make the corn tortillas in house and are the best tortillas I've ever had at a restaurant.  Service was very nice as well.  We had the guacamole, the tacos platos (get the fried chicken was uh-amazing) and the Básico burger which was good, descent, but not great.  The grilled veggie salad I got as a side to my tacos was really, really good.  I loved the presentation too.  I also appreciated that for the tacos platos, you can get three different tacos rather than all the same so you can try out different flavors/proteins.  The Good:The decor is clean, and modern but it feels a little cold in there and in no way shape or form resembles anything like a latin/hispanic restaurant.  It is also not a particularly large space.  The restroom was very spartan, but clean with high end hand wash AND lotion.  They have only one unisex bathroom and the time I visited, the toilet appeared to be broken.  I notified our server and he directed me through another door to what appeared to be a party space which also mirrored the restaurant in the front.  I guess this might where the MBRC members eat?  Not sure but that is what it looked like.  Any who, there was another restroom located on the members side as well which I was allowed to use.  The prices are a little high, but not totally unreasonable.  Básico is now definitely near the top of my list of favorite Mexican restaurants in Charleston.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/23/2014,23,272,1,6,5>Monday night is half off bowling! We tried to go to the Alley but they were fully booked on a Monday so we came here instead and I'm glad we did. I'm surprised to say I enjoyed bowling! None of that skeezy vibe you usually get in bowling alleys. The bowling balls were all out by weight so I didn't have to ask for a child weight 9lbs like I usually do. Each lane has couches to sit on and a coffee table between, you can order food and bev - we just got bev. Overall, a good time and I wish we'd found this sooner since I've been living in Mt P since Nov 2012.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/22/2014,15,31,7,10,6>Oh, Kanpai, I love you. I pretty much have a constant craving for a pork Kanpai bun and the miso ramen. It's honestly a problem...but one that's easily solved with a return visit. Their pork buns are like heavenly little pillows of love. Just try one. The ramen is super flavorful, filled with delicious fresh ingredients, and the chicken (my meat preference) is nice quality white meat. Add some fresh veggies, an egg and some yummy noodles, and baby, you've got a soup going! The sushi is top notch, and many of their appetizers are great (I'm looking at you edamame and gyoza.) The young girl who waitresses handles the tables with grace and is always very sweet. Especially since business seems to be growing by leaps and bounds (thank you!)  A reservation would probably be a good idea now!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,2/21/2014,15,25,4,8,5>They pour my beer in a "personal pitcher" and the standard seems to be to drink it straight from the pitcher ... definitely cool with that. The place has a great vibe; things seen: antlers, leather, bookshelf, 2005 "Girls of Charleston" calendar (thanks Kappa Sigma, CofC chapter), and tons of blues posters. Rigged with PA equipment and a cool stage, it seems like an awesome place to see live music. Ron Swanson would approve of all of the above.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/20/2014,718,356,1,8,5>There are not many breakfast choices on Daniel Island so our decision to go this morning prior to the Walk for the Cure was simple.  This little family operation had the look and feel of that.  Our hostess was also our service and that did not minimize service at all.  She was on top of my coffee refills like no other.  Big kudos to that.Food...hmmmm...food.  - I had an egg white, feta and spinach wrap on a whole wheat wrap and wow was it good.There are a number of options including build your own omelette and gluten free options as well.It is a quaint place where you can even get a pumpkin latte.Overall, such a nice experience there this morning.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,2/19/2014,2,21,1,4,4>Great, hot off the griddle burger.  Table had patti melt, mushroom melt, and Matt's Special.  Also had spanish fries (loved them! -- fried onions and jalapenos) and sweet potato tots that were rolled in sugar (tasted like donuts!).  Went in for lunch around 1:30 on a Wednesday.  No wait and food came out quickly.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/18/2014,12,39,4,6,4>Stopped in shortly before closing last night with my two kids and a girlfriend. Understandably, the selection of cupcakes after 7 on a Saturday night wasn't stellar, but we weren't disappointed. The shop was clean, bright and very trendy. My 3yo was thrilled with the sprinkle bar. He opted for the chocolate brownie cupcake with vanilla frosting, I had the praline and my friend, the red velvet.The praline topping was delicious, melted in my mouth. As I unwrapped the cupcake, I was disappointed before I even tasted it...the top of the cupcake felt stale and dry. I took a bite and was thrilled to find out how wrong I was. It wasn't stale, it was crispy like a praline, and the inside of the cake was moist and scrumptious. My sons chocolate brownie cupcake was also very good, though he would have been happy with one of their $1 frosting shots and a trip to the sprinkle bar! We chose to eat our cupcakes in the shop, and this is apparently not the norm as they didn't have plates, only small bev napkins. There were no napkins set out anywhere visible to guests either. The staff was friendly, helpful and warm. We will definitely be returning to Butter Cupcakes the next time we're on that side of town...hopefully earlier in the day so we can try some other varieties!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/17/2014,46,19,5,7,5>Bacon and Bourbon pulled off its virgin entry to the Charleston event world like a seasoned pro, with the thoughtfullness and attention to detail that you'd think would only come from screwing it up at least twice.  Last night, GoCo events transformed Memminger Hall into a bull-riding-skeet-shooting drunken orgy of over indulgence and too many good things in one place. The circumference of the enormous vaulted-auditorium was lined by vendors from local restaurants prowdly flaunting whatever delicacy they had managed to infuse with bacon and/or pork belly or some part of the pig.  The tastes ranged from a cotton candy coated bacon (wHaT?!?) and bacon ice cream to a delicate pork belly gnocchi or asian-style scallop and pork belly soup.  The culinary creativity juices were running about as thick as the bacon grease.Its a good thing they had so much food, because the food stations encircled a myriad of equally enthusiastic Bourbon distilleries showcasing their spirits.  I'm not bourbon connoisseur and have nothing intelligent to add about the kinds of bourbon that were featured, but luckily the vendors were willing to dilute the liquor for the weaklings like me with deliciousness such as local Cannonborough sodas, just to name one.Although the event sold out, it never felt too crowded and I never had to wait long for food or drink.  As someone who likes something to do besides stand around, I really enjoyed the activities, especially the laser skeet shooting, at which I humbly allowed my fellow competitors win.Only criticisms were the line for charcuterie during the VIP session, and the relatively poor acoustics from the bands.  I can't wait to attend again!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/16/2014,12,60,4,8,6>This is not just another wing place. It's not your average wing place. They bring originality and a step up to the many (many) casual dining options all over Charleston and are worth making a special trip to, rather than just stopping in if you happen to be in the neighborhood. We drove all the way from James Island with no regrets. Why? You ask? Well....1) Variety. They've not only got 75 flavors of wings conveniently grouped into categories on the menu- you can also assign each and every sauce you get to its own level of spicy. So your wing experience is entirely customization. Plus you'll find flavors you will NOT see elsewhere. with so many wing places sprouting up- THIS is why you need to go HERE.  There will be more flavors you want to try than possible in one visit. You will be giddy. I promise.  Don't believe me? The entire menu is online. I HIGH RECOMMEND viewing it before you go. Or solely because it will leave you in awe. Oh, and they've got a menu like a book- not in the mood for wings? Want something besides just wings? You've got dozens of options from sandwiches and  wraps, to burgers, to quesadillas, to ribs, to soups, to chilis, to appetizers, to salads, and a loooong list of delicious sounding sides... honestly, you can bring a large group here and no matter what people are in the mood for they will find something, vegetarians included. Plus, the desserts sound and look amazing.2) Friendly and personable staff from the moment we walked in. We found our waitress willing to chat back and forth with us and joke around. We were greeted immediately upon walking in, and never felt they were fumbling around despite it being their first week of being open. 3) The insanity wing challenge. You have to sign a waiver. My boyfriend did this. It is NOT an exaggeration. If you want to test yourself- be warned, they aren't kidding with the waiver. But yes, he's alive and well and has no regrets- so if you're someone who has to try those food challenges- this isn't one to miss. Plus there's a kit if you want a t-shirt for bragging rights. And if you do it... you will want bragging rights (from what I saw). 4)  PUB PRETZELS. If you take NOTHING else away from this, it is GET the pub pretzels. I am not a pretzel person. I have never craved a pretzel in my life. But this... these... look, I'd drive back across Charleston JUST for a basket of these. They are warm, soft and... not like any other pretzel I've had. And even if you don't care for pretzels... try them. For the details of what we got- my boyfriend took advantage of their daily specials (Thursday is 59 cent boneless wings) and got 15 wings- which got him three flavors. He liked every flavor and tried several different levels of heat.  He also did the insanity wing challenge, which was fun and did live up to the hype. I got the California Panini Wrap and was very happy with it- it came with a dipping sauce that involved guacamole but wasn't straight guacamole. It really added that extra something to the wrap to make it memorable. The fries were respectable but nothing t rave about. I'd much rather have had twice as many pub pretzels. The atmosphere was also good with plenty of open space and good acoustics were so despite the number of people it didn't get loud, which was an added bonus. We were happy with our experience, our food and found the menu interesting enough to warrant plenty of return visits. You won't find this just anywhere!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/15/2014,63,129,,7,2>Really looked forward to this opening.  Lots of stuff on FB from foodies and City Paper gave them a lot of love.  I have to say that they took a place in the middle of nowhere and made something magical.  There is plenty of parking available.  The place is small but quaint.  I have now been there twice and sat at the community table once and a two top the other.  The General Chaos chicken was like none other I have had.  I normally find it too sweet but was told to give it a try. Glad I did.  Not too sweet and really tasted great.  Lots of flavor.  We also got the scallion pancake as an appetizer and loved it as well.  Only $4 and a nice portion.  Love the sauce.  Met two of the owners and they were great.  They gave us an order of dumplings to try out and really helped us feel appreciated.  I actually thought the dumplings were ok but everything we did order was top notch.  The waitress with the cat stockings was spot on with her service and with the food she recommended.  The ginger beef is probably my favorite thing on the menu!    I try not to order the same thing every time but I think I may have to cheat on that one.  The folks with me also really, really, really loved the Walnut shrimp.  I tasted it and it was a little sweet but have to say the shrimp were perfect and it tasted decadent.  Not sure I would eat it as a meal myself but I am less of a sweet tooth than most.  But OMG, I really did love the taste and like I said, the others went gaga over it.  I love this place and it looks like it is going to do well in this now obscure part of Charleston.  Doubt it will stay obscure with this addition so get there while the getting is good!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/14/2014,91,178,1,6,3>The nitrotini is swank. It shrouded in a cloud of mist and a warning label. I felt like a bond girl drinking it. warning label reads "Avoid rapid ingestion" so I drank it through dinner, well by dinner end I felt like I was getting tipsy! Two of these would have done me it, and my wallet. Drinks are 18$ here!! Onto dinner: the wait staff were charming and very attentive. I dined with a party of 9 so I got to sample the various delights. I was guided to the crab cakes, loved lobster bits in it especially. It was so filling. My favorite food was the caesar salad (I'm such a pescatarian), the salad looked like it had gone through a food processor but managed to be light and crispy. For an appetizer we had something fried lobster and a charcuterie which I was all over for the cheese and whole grain mustard. I give this place 5 stars because the service was so good, and the drinks dazzled me.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,2/13/2014,55,83,1,5,5>I never imagined I could be so impressed with a car wash. The best usually hit around a three on a one to five scale. Cactus Car Wash is a solid five when it comes to car washes. It puts others to shame. I never thought I wouldn't mind one bit having to wait so long at an establishment. I took my wife's car here on a Sunday. It was a mess and needed some professional help. The staff at Cactus was friendly and accommodating the moment I pulled up. They gave me a good deal on what I would consider "the works." Full interior and exterior cleaning down to every last nook and cranny. The waiting area is very pleasant. They have a computer station set up and have free Wi-Fi. There was even a fire crackling in a fire place which was very welcome on the chilly day I went. I took full advantage of the Wi-Fi on my phone and the wait time flew by.I have one small complaint. There was some grime left in the back passenger side window that I didn't notice until I got home. No big deal though considering everything else looked like it had just come fresh from the factory. The guy cleaning my car even did my son's car seat without a price increase. I highly recommend Cactus Car Wash for your car washing needs, and I will definitely be returning.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,2/12/2014,74,142,5,8,5>As far as DMVs go, this one isn't all that bad. The line is always long, but they are fully staffed and have a pretty good queuing system to flow people through. The staff is actually super friendly and very knowledgeable here too, which is nice when you are like me and always have a complex situation. They run the photobooth like a glamor shoot, so prepare to leave blind after they insist on taking pictures of you until they get one that "makes you look good. " They cannot test for motorcycles at this location.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,2/11/2014,26,85,,5,3>We've been here 3 times now and like it more each time. Now that we've dialed in some of our favorite pizzas, we really enjoy coming here. The atmosphere still needs work, but if you want a high quality pizza, then they'll do you right.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,2/10/2014,48,79,3,6,4>This is an amazing airport and we Charlestonians are very lucky to have it.  It is one of the easiest airports to get in and out of that I have ever been to.  The lines are never long and it actually makes flying a little more enjoyable.  If only every airport was like CHS.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,2/9/2014,200,305,4,7,9>Evo's bread is divine and I love having this place right down the road. I stop at least once a week for coffee and a treat. They have baguettes and plenty of other bread varieties, flat breads, croissants, etc.. I typically go for coffee and a few cookies - or if I'm feeling saucy perhaps a croissant with some concoction of cheese, arugula and delicious deli meat wrapped inside.  As I'm writing this review I'm now wondering WHY I didn't stop there this morning. Ugh, the regret.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/8/2014,72,74,,7,4>Though usually a noodle lover, the Basil Eggplant (with tofu) will always be my favorite Tasty Thai entree! I'd had it several times before at their King Street location but wanted to try something different the last time I visited this newish Coleman Blvd.  restaurant. I had gotten the Pad-See-Eu (rice noodles with broccoli, egg, garlic, and sweet soy sauce) and liked it, but it wasn't great enough to make me really want to come back (on the flip side, my dad loved it!!). However, on Thursday I dined here again and my got trusty Basil Eggplant and it was banging! Perfect amount of spice, cooked veggies that still had some crunch, sticky white rice. Just perfect. We also had the egg roll appetizer (it was a special for $3)..they were more like little spring rolls, just fyi. The service was wonderful! Plenty of water refills, very friendly and positive attitudes, well-paced, a manager walking around checking to see that everyone was pleased. They were pretty empty (only 2-3 other tables) but they do to-go orders as well which was getting some hits. I'd say, people...go try it!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,2/7/2014,110,35,4,4,4>Holy lunch specials ladies and gentlemen. About $6.00 and you get a salad and food. College students do need to find good lunch specials because students live on a budget. Now just because you are on a budget doesn't mean that you should sacrifice taste and quality. Here you get good food for an affordable price. Service is fast and you can definitely get in and out on a short lunch break. Of course they do make Togo orders too. But you would be missing out on the people watching you will get to do while enjoying your fried rice. I ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce and ginger salad. I know lobster sauce sounds expensive but let me assure you it's just a fancy way of saying shrimp in some kind of Asian gravy. No lobster in the sauce. It was tasty and well worth the stop. I will surely make this one of my stops for lunch at least once a week. No not because I am Asian and need rice at least once a week or else I will wither away to nothingness. It's because the prices are good and the food is good.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/6/2014,64,95,1,7,4>The chefs here really know how to fry. The fried flounder, fried okra, and fried chicken are always perfectly done. I end up leaving feeling very unhealthy because they have all of the comfort foods that I just can't turn down, and they do them well...mac & cheese, mash potatoes and gravy, and fluffy biscuits. To top off the meal, you can't go wrong with the banana pudding. It's delightful.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,2/5/2014,29,117,,6,4>Wow, what a great place in a great beachy location.  Service is great and atmosphere open and airy.I had the Sunday $2 Mimosa...wasn't too hungry, so just a salsa and guacamole dip and tortilla chip appetizerand munched off my boyfriend's great grits on his plate.He had a fried chicken biscuit , grits, and some slices offruit.menu had a variety of selections including their famouspile of waffles or pancakes layered with fried chicken, bacon, eggs, gravy..wonder if anyone ever had a heart attack after eating that?Salsa/guacamole dip was delicious...took leftovers hometo snack on laterhit the spot after soaking up the rays at the beach!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,2/4/2014,21,101,2,7,5>I tried Wasabi for lunch today and had a overall good experience. The lunch menu is priced right. I ordered a soup for $1.50 and the bento box for $8.88. A few other prices I noticed...lunch sodas are $1.50 and lettuce wraps are $8. The bento box was a large amount of food, mine came with rice, tempura veggies, cantaloupe and I got the California roll. I wish there were more roll options. The California roll was not very good but they really never are. My lunch buddy said that the spicy tuna was extra spicy.  So overall the bento box was just okay. The service was fast and the ambience was nice. I think I will make this a staple.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,2/3/2014,109,168,5,7,5>This music store is awesome for anyone who is either already playing music or wants to learn. There are practice rooms in the back if you want to play, and they teach piano and guitar classes there, too. There are instruments ranging from guitars to cellos (in fact, they have cellos available for purchase AND rent, not sure about the other stuff though) for purchase, as well as extra instrument bits (rosin, bows, etc) and lots of sheet music-- even a lil uke section! I'll be back here for all my cello/ukulele stuff, stat.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,2/2/2014,52,77,9,3,5>My Ode to Sugar BakeshopTurning on to Cannon,My heart goes all a flutter.I start to think of lemon,Added to sugar and butter.Your cakes, they are so simple,not piled high with frosting.My smile creates a dimple,Because little they are costing.Though the lime is divine,And the caramel sublime,And the 'nilla so simple and sweet;The lemon is my fave,And I can't help to rave,That lemon curd just can't be beat!Seriously people, these cupcakes are sooooooooo good. Sugar Bakeshop is one of my favorite places in Charleston and I love to bring out of town guests here to try it.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/1/2014,12,41,3,7,3>I started coming to classes at Inversions a year ago on a LivingSocial deal. I came with a friend to try it for 5 weeks, have some fun, and get in a giggle or two.  A year later, I'm still here. I got hooked! (Pun intended.) The learning environment is a great one where everyone works together and supports each other towards their goals.  The instructors give personal attention to each client at the level they are at, while helping you work towards the next move, spin or trick. The amount of strength I have gained in the past year is unreal. Don't think you can't do it, don't think you're not strong enough, or skinny enough, or whatever. Just take the step in the door and give it a try. You won't regret it. There will be bruises and sore muscles, but the gains you make will be worth it. That's why they invented Arnica gel and Epsom salts! If you're considering trying pole fitness, Inversions is where it's at.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/31/2014,48,86,4,8,5>Jail Break is a biannual event that is always a  blast! It is also a great opportunity to see, and be a part of, the other culture this city has to offer; the flip side of pink polos, yachts, and paintings of plantation owners. They have live music, dance performances, comedy shows, and artwork from young and emerging artists who have a style you most likely won't find in 99% of local galleries. The old jail is the perfect setting for this event and it fits to have this type of event on the campus of the building arts college. I absolutely loved the blacksmithing demos, the 80s zombie inspired dance performances, and most of all, the music line up was outstanding.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/30/2014,89,265,,7,4>This place is top notch, which is saying a lot in a town like Charleston. I ate at Husk two nights before I came here, and the Lot totally BLEW Husk away in terms of food and friendly service.  It's definitely a more casual restaurant...but there is nothing casual about what the chef is doing in the kitchen.The menu is small and changes frequently, but I got to try almost all of it due to our group size - everything was delicious.  Kale soup, beef heart pate, farmer's pick salad, grouper, trotter cake, braised beef, and chicken leg.  The banana cake for dessert was absolutely divine, and I don't even like cake.My favorites were the charcuterie (beef heart), kale soup, and the trotter cake (like a crab cake but with pork instead of crab). The menu is creative, service is great and the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.  One thing to be aware of is that there aren't a whole lot of vegetarian options on the menu, but the Lot strikes me as the kind of place that would whip up something delicious for anyone with a dietary restriction on the spot.What are you waiting for? Go feast.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,1/29/2014,76,130,4,6,7>Voodoo has quickly soared to the top of my favorite bar list, and it's not just because it is walking distance from my house (it is a nice perk though!).  They have the best of everything!  This place is one of a kind, and I'm definitely a regular here now.  Most nights, there is something going on, whether it be Latin dance music, or their crazy full moon Lunacy parties. The food here is a must try.  If you only come here to drink, you are missing out, because the food is amazing.  This isn't your traditional bar food, either.  I've had the craw fish egg rolls, the duck club sliders, the pork cutlets, and the truffle tots, and they all are top notch.  Some places, you eat your food and leave feeling satisfied, and then forget about it.  When at Voodoo, I truly revel in eating the food, and I usually end up making my roommates jealous when I describe the dishes I had.  I honestly made a new years resolution to try everything on the menu, and I am diligently pursuing this resolution.The drinks here are one of a kind as well.  They have several homemade infusions that rotate frequently.  So far, I've tried the pecan pie bourbon shot, pumpkin pie vodka shot, and my new favorite shot, strawberry jalapeno tequila shot!  It starts out with a sweet strawberry flavor, and after about two seconds, POW!  Your mouth is on fire.  It really opens you up, and is a great way to start the party and keep it going as you work though the night.If you haven't eaten here before, you need to fix yourself.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,1/28/2014,112,325,3,12,7>We're still loving Ladle's soups. It's one of the best restaurants out here in West Ashley. We even take our friends from other areas there and they love it and take home the frozen soups. The frozen soups are our latest Ladle's addiction. You can get 3 of them for $10- you almost can't buy soup that cheap in a grocery store, let alone make it. Every time we go in, we pick up a few frozen soups for cheap, easy dinners here at the house. The Buffalo chicken is my husband's favorite. My new favorite menu items lately... grilled fruit salad and the pimento cheese sandwich on jalapeno cornbread. My husband loves getting his sandwiches on the pretzel bread. The staff is always great and has come to know us well!They also have free wi-fi, which we used when we bought our home and didn't have internet for two days.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/27/2014,68,163,2,4,3>Have you ever had a meat hangover? It's rough. But, oh, what sweet, sweet pleasure it is getting to that condition. The Smoke On The Harbor BBQ Throwdown was worth every bit of the repercussions.This event far surpassed my expectations. The one-dollar portions were very generous, and there were plenty of vendors to keep the lines within reason. The numerous free water stations were appreciated, especially for such an unseasonably warm day. The live music was entertaining, and the harbor views were pleasant. There was even a decent amount of seating available and, I noticed a significant (and supervised!) kid's play area.Most of the samples were of pulled pork, but there were a handful of booths that also had brisket, and even a rib or two could be found. I guess, if you didn't like meat, you were at the wrong place. But they did have some side fixin's for sale at the concession stand.The beer selection was kind of lame (Miller Lite, Blue Moon, and hard cider) but the Striped Pig moonshine and Dickel Whisky made up for it.The only major problem I had with the event was the lack of any recycling. Untold thousands of plastic serving cups, drink cups, water bottles, and aluminum cans were needlessly thrown in the trash because there were no recycling bins. This is as much a responsibility of the Town of Mount Pleasant, and the Harbor Resort, to attend to but, obviously, the event organizers did not take it upon themselves to provide recycling collection.As for Donna C., I can only assume that she was there on Friday night because that was not the scene on Saturday. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/26/2014,9,51,6,10,5>This place is starting a revolution in Charleston. It's moving Charleston cuisine from the farm-to-fork restaurants and traditional Southern cuisine and into a really new and exciting direction.The famous Mapo Dofou is a great and spicy bowl with red swirls of chili oil in it. It is the most excited I've ever been over tofu, but that's because it's a blazingly spicy dish. This tofu is fun and funky with all of the heat, and it's redeemed all those days of tofu from the College of Charleston salad bar. Order a Thai beer (Singha's good and cheap!), and drink up to cut down the spiciness. I have a lot of trouble making decisions on new food, so the small plates are a great way to try a little bit of everything. Last time I went, the Mapou chicken wings had a nice peppery heat and glaze to them, the Jiao Zi (dumplings) were rich meaty and a nice way to cut back the spiciness. The one thing I've had that I wasn't crazy about was the papaya salad. A nice buffer to the other dishes' heat (seems to be a common theme), but the chopped salad had a gummy texture and was cloyingly sweet. Wasn't a fan. One decision is clear: definitely start with an Okonomiyaki (however you like it) pancake. A lot, that's how I like it. It's the most excited I've ever been over a plate of cabbage. Clearly, XBB has done a lot to remove my personal dietary boundaries.It'd be nice to see more desserts on the menu (something about sweets sounds great after turning your tastebuds into Dante's Inferno). I'm sure the management will move into that soon-I have a feeling they'll be around for a while.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/25/2014,43,313,2,3,2>Mozzo's is a very casual deli, with an impressive menu.  It's pretty much basic sandwiches and sides but has a wide variety of both.  A dozen or more good looking burgers on the menu for example.  Most of the sides are homemade on site.  Nice breakfast sandwiches and burritos too.  Coffee is a bit basic - could use some improvement.  Everything is delicious.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/24/2014,94,197,3,5,5>Didn't really know what to expect when we went here for restaurant week, but I was pleasantly surprised. Food was really good. And I have to agree with most of the other reviewers and say that the Lamb Spanikopita is on point. Definitely try the olive oil lemon cake as well, it really surprised me. Seating arrangements were a little cramped, and it was super loud, but I still had a really great experience. Definitely plan to get there 10-15 minutes ahead of time to find parking.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,1/22/2014,0,7,,3,2>This is my go to place for good home-cooked meals. The food is just right, the atmosphere is casual and laid-back. The servers are knowledgeable and kind. Just an all around good place. Have been several times and will come back often.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/21/2014,197,496,2,5,4>At first few glances, I like it.  There really is no sales pitch - it's a tour around the facility, here's our best offer, are you interested.  Every time I've signed up at a gym before it has been really intense and pushy - LA Fitness literally called me 10x a day for months trying to get me to sign up for their personal training package - so I HATE signing up for the gym.  It was really easy and fast, which JR C. and I both appreciated.There are always plenty of machines, I have yet to check out classes but there is always something going on and I can't wait to try one out.  Two things I don't love - you have to pay extra for spin classes - $15 additional from your regular membership - I find this lame.  The other is parking, or lackthereof...I was able to grab a spot yesterday morning around 8:00 a.m., but others were left to park down the street.  Capacity seems to be an issue.Overall, a good find, and I will update if needed.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/20/2014,163,364,1,8,4>Of the roughly 100 restaurants I've eaten in Charleston, this has the best food, and actually can be one of the best values, and probably one of the best atmospheres.Food:Just try anything. The flavor and texture will be something to remember.Values:I'm not a big eater, so take this if you are not either. If you pick 3 small plates from each of the veggies, cheese and meats, you and your date will be stuffed and you'll get out of there for under $50 (as long as you don't hit up any drinks). This is a ridiculous deal.Atmosphere:The feeling is sort of what you might find in Greenwich village in NYC. Dark, tiny and full of hip young people. Unlike almost all the nice restaurants in Charleston, this won't be filled with 'a more mature' crowd. I almost didn't feel cool enough on that night to be in there.Living just a couple blocks away, I will be back, and I will be trying all their small plates!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,1/19/2014,10,88,2,3,2>Oysters, oysters, ceviche, ceviche, ceviche, and calamari galore!   All fantastic.  The whole flounder and the blackened escolar were also both delicious.  The shrimp and grits you can't go wrong there.  The sea scallop dish is also excellent.  If you write something negative about this place you didn't order the right thing.  The Mojitos are out of this world!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/18/2014,33,29,3,9,4>Giving Monza five stars is as hard as eating tiramisu... It's not hard in the least bit. I had a lot of work to do so I was the loner that had to work on her laptop in the middle of dinner service. I walked in and had a seat at the countertop seating overlooking the kitchen. Chatting with the waitresses, I told them I wanted to spend a good amount of time there just working my way through some courses and getting some quality work in. The waitresses were GREAT! They gave me my space and didn't rush me but were very attentive and kept my glass of chianti nice and full! I ended up working through the small Caesar salad (asked them to add anchovies bc I just haven't had them in a long time... Loved 'em!) and the lasagna entree! They have housemade lasagne for every day. When I was in, they had the Italian sausage lasagna! I have been dying for some good hearty Italian food and I definitely got it here!I might have been absorbed in my laptop but it didn't keep me from enjoying every bit of that dining experience. The food, the decor... Everything down to the graphics on the menu! Monza really played off the authentic concept of Italian racing culture and made it work steering clear from all the Italian restaurants that pretend to be in a scene from the Godfather. Loved this place! I definitely recommend it!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,1/17/2014,158,145,8,12,11>There's a reason Persimmon has 5 stars across the board.  It's that freaking good.  Yes, they're in a laundromat.  Get over that fact and go get some amazing food!  I went there yesterday after my dentist appointment to grab something and take it back to the office.  I walk in and right off the bat, was greeted so warmly and enthusiastically.  Then I continue to have a conversation with (I'm guessing) the owner.  He was awesome recommending what I should try and offering samples of soups, which I would've tried if my novacaine wasn't in full effect and I was capable of consuming soup without in running down my face.  We chatted and made jokes about making me try the soups in front of everyone so he could laugh not at me but with me when I make a mess of myself.  And he was this personable with everyone!  So nice and genuine!I got the tomato bisque and the roasted chicken sandwich with caramelized onions & gouda.  I also grabbed a basil limeade.  Everything was so delicious!  I'm seriously still dreaming about that chicken sandwich.  I'll definitely be back or better yet, I'll be ordering from them since they deliver downtown.  Holla!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2013,1/16/2014,81,113,3,6,3>I had a donut craving, Saturday morning. The doors were wide open, the staff inviting, the donuts plenty. My hubs had the maple bacon. It was frankly salty. Sigh. Next time, maybe there will be a pork belly donut with kimchee and siracha drizzled in breast milk. Sigh. Anyways, the chocolate frosted with chocolate sprinkles was delicious. Good texture. Hit the spot with a cup of coffee topped off with fresh half and half. The apple cider donut was dry as a bone.  I am not sure I would go out of my way next time, but I  think Glazed could fill a void if they master the basics.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,1/15/2014,24,86,,3,2>This was a spur of the moment decision, I must say the menu is pretty good. I had the pulled pork sandwich which I did not even use BBQ sauce on it had a lot of flavor without. My daughter had the fried chicken and said it was really good. It is next to a gas station on the further end of HWY 17 at the turn for 41.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/14/2014,3,28,,3,2>I discovered this great place today.  So much better than Starbucks, DD, etc.  I would much rather spend my dollars at a local establishment.  Anyway, service is friendly, atmosphere is clean and relaxing, really quite comfortable.  My coffee was delicious.  They serve pastries and sandwiches and although I didn't eat, it must be good as I overheard several other patrons raving.  Great place to visit and relax.  I will definitely be back...soon!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,1/13/2014,16,28,4,4,3>This place is amazing.  I wish my waistline would allow me to go there all the time, because it is incredible, true soul food.  The ladies there that serve you off of the line (Bertha's daughters and granddaughters) are very nice, and as fast as they can be.  Pricing is great, too.  Very reasonable.  I recommend the fried pork chop, the fried chicken, the mac and cheese--pretty much everything there.  A special shout-out to their okra stew and cornbread though.  BE ADVISED this is a cash only establishment!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/12/2014,16,23,3,6,3>You know those gorgeous Saint Laurent hats, with the glamorous pinch and the great big brim that goes all the way out to your shoulders?  No?  Well, I've been wanting one.  When we ducked into Goorin Brothers on King Street, as we sometimes do on Thursdays, when they have free tipple for friendly perusers, I was glancing around at the stacks of hats for that particular silhouette.   It's a cozy little store, and you might think you'd feel self conscious hat shopping in there, as looking for just the right hat can be kind of an intimate thing.  Most people don't think they look good in hats, and aren't comfortable trying them on in front of an audience.  But the Goorin staff is great; they never crowd you, and yet, at the moment they can tell that you want assistance or are just ready to yack about hats, they materialize.  They also flit around 'dunking' their guests in hats they can tell will look good on them, which is a lot of fun.  At any rate, I told one of them exactly what I was looking for, and in a few moments he came back with a wonderfully dramatic black felt hat- tall crown, glamorous pinch, great big brim.  Not quite all the way out to my shoulders, but big just the same.  And damn if it didn't look awesome.  What's more, he gave me a quick tutorial on the best hat shapes for my face.  Good to know.Now, on Thursdays, not only do they have free booze (this particular week it was Larceny bourbon: delicious!) they also offer a varying discount- 10%-25% off.  Lucky me, on this particular Thursday, it was 25% off.       Long story short: I bought the hat.  I love the hat.  I've worn it every day since, and people stop me in the street to admire it.  It is a good looking hat.  Goorin's got some good ideas.  Check them out.  Maybe you won't buy something the first time, but you'll find yourself wandering in again and again and then... suddenly, you're back out on the street, blinking in the sunlight, with a sexy new lid and a couple belts of bourbon.  There are worse ways to start your evening.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/11/2014,58,60,5,4,2>From the moment my first Book-It card filled up in elementary school, I've been hooked on personal sized pizzas.  Maybe it's because I didn't have to share it with my sister, or maybe it was the freedom of choosing from a bevy of toppings.  Either way, my appreciation for individual pizzas has never died, and Your Pie does not disappoint!Guests order at the counter, choosing their own types of dough, sauce, cheese, and toppings... and voila!  Your delicious, brick oven pizza creation is born.  (My personal favorite involves mushrooms, green peppers, roma tomatoes, and spinach... mmm.) Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and fast service make this a great spot to stop for pizza!  Make sure to try their salad bowls if you're looking for a healthier alternative.Luckily for me, the pizzas run around $9, so it's an affordable option if you're craving a little something for lunch!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,1/10/2014,63,159,2,11,8>Kudu continues to impress.Went in on a Thursday afternoon with the hubs to celebrate some great news. I (of course) had to get an iced pumpkin latte. It was quite possibly the best yet, and the best I've ever had. So light, fresh, flavorful, and delicious! I love how the pumpkin is so natural and non-syrup-tasting like others I've had.The hubs tried their Fall beer selection. He was very impressed with the selection, and loved trying some new/local brews. We had a great time sitting at the bar, talking with other patrons, and interacting with the servers.Kudu is definitely becoming one of my favorite local hangouts. I love bringing new people here, meeting friends to catch up, and just stopping in for the best brew in town. I really need to get in on the weekends for some of their live music in the courtyard!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2013,1/9/2014,34,62,17,14,4>82 Queen has been around forever. So long, in fact, that I remember coming here before Charleston was cool and before Midwesterners became a mainstay here during the summer months. My party and I arrived here right on time for our reservation. Unfortunately for us, the only people that thought we had a reservation was our party. When we approached the hostess counter, they informed us that while we were on the list, we weren't on the right side. What? What does that mean? I just wanted to be on the side with tables. Sadly, I never got that answer. They shamed us to the bar for 20 minutes, where we drowned our sorrows in beer until they fetched us to sit down. At one point I thought they'd comp our drinks since they screwed up our reservations worse than Obama screwed up this Syrian crisis, but alas, I was wrong. We sat down and were immediately given the restaurant week menu. I guess no one wants anything else. I had heard about the legendary pork chop, but who wants pork when beef short ribs are on the menu? Certainly not me. The server swore on Christ's cross that the short ribs were a winner, and I know Jesus didn't die on it to be lied about. For my starter, I ordered the mussels. No, they weren't as good as Al Di La, but they weren't too bad. They looked like more fun than the wedge salad, which was literally an old piece of lettuce covered in mayonnaise. For my entree, I ordered the short ribs and even broke my own rule, ordering the same thing as someone else at the table, and thank god I did. They were borderline life changing, much like the KFC boneless chicken. For dessert, they combined two of my favorite things: red velvet and cheese cake. It's the reason I feel like a fatty right now. But after a bottle of wine, I don't even know if it was good. I scarfed it down like honey boo boo anyway. Judge me. Whatever. 82 Queen gets 3 stars, mainly because they fumbled our arrival like David Wilson fumbled his carries during the NY Giant's season opener this weekend. Had they given me a free beer, hell, we may be looking at a perfect score, but that's like saying had I not gone to law school, I'd be married and living a happy life. Who really knows? It's not something I want to think about...
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,1/8/2014,6,23,,3,2>I thought it was a fun and cute environment. Our bartender was so sweet and was on top of our orders. I recommend getting there a little earlier around 10 that's when they start giving out free rounds of shots, that were poured in front of us. Its definitely like coyote ugly style bar, the girls get up to perform and dance. I went to go "break the seal" and my bartender was in there also and I told her I hated that we were leaving (by this time I was hammered) bc it was my birthday and I was having so much fun and so on.... She then says OKAY before you leave I'm buying you a b day shot and come dance on the bar with us haha! I just took the shot after I got a birthday announcement no bar dancing for me lol but it was a really good experience. I recommend this bar for a fun night for bachelorette parties, bachelor parties or some place to let loose and have a good time!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/7/2014,11,14,,4,2>When it is night or weekend,  these are the veterinary pros to whom you can entrust your dog's life.   They cured mine of pancreatitis and pneumonia which he apparently got while in the care of someone else in the dog boarding business wnen my wife and I were in Scotland on  vacation for 10 days. They are not cheap but the results are wonderful.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2013,1/6/2014,77,69,3,4,2>Cool little spot. This last weekend was my first time going. It isn't too big but has a good atmosphere. Seems like a lot of locals go there creating the Cheers-ish feel. They apparently have a ton of live music that comes through so I'll definitely be back to check that out. I found it particularly fun they have like a stand up shuffle board game too.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/5/2014,40,77,,5,3>Excellent, excellent brunch! We arrived at 11 with a 25-30 minute wait but fortunately we found a couple seats at the bar to wait. We figured we might as well order a couple mimosas. The bar tender suggested getting the pitcher of mimosa which I would highly recommend as well, especially considering one glass is 5.50 and the pitcher is 11.00 but has 4 servings (or more!). My husband ordered the Fat Hen Burrito which was absolutely delicious. The chorizo was mild but very flavorful and the addition of fresh guacamole and avocado just elevated the burrito even more. I ordered the daily quiche which was sausage, potato and gruyere cheese. The quiche was seasoned nicely and the texture was soft and silky. The crust was probably my favorite part because of how thin and crisp it was. With this quiche it was definitely all about the filling, which I loved! The addition of small salad along side is just perfect as well! Definitely a front runner of my favorite brunch spots thus far!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/4/2014,67,240,2,9,3>Another welcome addition to the craft beer scene in the greater Charleston area!I got the opportunity to check out Freehouse Brewery on a rainy Saturday after having wanted to make a visit ever since their brews started popping up at some local bars. First thing you notice upon making the trek over to their spot in North Charleston is that the brewery is in an industrial park. Now that may turn some people off, but if you're a craft beer lover, then you're probably used to this as it seems many upstart (as well as many established) craft breweries end up being in industrial parks. In any case, these guys have the prime spot in the industrial park as they're located in the back in a spot with plenty of parking and a prime view of the Ashley River (I'm sure it would be great to sit outside on the small deck or meander about in the grass with a beer in tow while looking at the river, but sadly it was seriously pouring the day that I visited). Plus you pass over a "private railroad crossing" on the way to the brewery. How cool is that? Now I know where to "dock" my train in the future...Inside the brewery, the vibe can probably be best described as "intimate", and it seems as though the owners purposefully set it up that way with little division between the tasting room and the brewery itself. It's a very small space with your bar immediately to the left, and all the brewing equipment to the right and back. On the day I visited, the two co-owners were both present, one serving beers and chatting to customers and the other (who is the head brewer) talking to interested parties about the brewing process and showing people around. Seriously, these guys couldn't be nicer. They were genuinely happy that you took time out of your day to come drink some beers at their joint and were very passionate about producing a high quality and reasonably priced product. Did I mention that all their brews are organic? Well, they are. Currently, they have three beers on tap: Ashley Farmhouse Ale, Green Door IPA, and a stout (I forget the name of that one). A full pour is $5 or you can do a 3 beer taster which is also priced at $5. I went for the taster and then went back for a full pour of the Farmhouse Ale. Typically an IPA guy (which I also enjoyed here), I really liked the Farmhouse Ale as it was very smooth, crisp, and drinkable. Currently, Freehouse is only offering tastings from 12-5 on Saturdays but they are looking to expand into weekday hours. Plus they're starting to put on some special events such as a Christmas party with music, food trucks, and local vendors selling their wares. This is definitely a spot worth checking out if you're into craft beer and supporting local businesses trying to do right!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/3/2014,32,79,5,6,3>Just had the most amazing time here, and I'm Italian, so I'm qualified to say that.  Such a cool atmosphere, awesome food, and great service (thanks, Kristen, for letting us chill for three hours!)Get both types of peppers they offer with the calamari and squeeze that all over.  Perfect complement to the salty fried-ness.I got the dinner special risotto except without whatever meat was supposed to be on it.  If anyone ever wants to mind control me, all they have to do is use that risotto.  Dangle it in front of me and I become powerless to deny your every command.They have multiple chiantis, interesting cocktails, homemade limoncello, PORT WINE! (why is it so damn hard to find port wine in the States???), and garlic infused olive oil.  Read that again and let it sink it: garlic infused olive oil.  I know, you just died a little.Go on a weeknight, enjoy a fabulous blend of casual yet formal dining that is intimate, delicious, and everything you will need to get you through the week.  And call me - I'll join you, but I'll probably eat all you garlic infused olive oil.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,1/2/2014,49,99,4,7,3>Hands down best Indian joint in town.  I really didn't expect Charleston to have authentic Indian cuisine given we're not a big city, so I'm glad I was wrong.  The buffett is a little watered down (fyi - this is the case with any foreign restaurant), so i recommend ordering off the menu unless you don't care and just want variety. I actually went the buffet route the first couple of times and would have probably only ranked this place 3 stars.  After the first time I actually ordered off the menu, I was so impressed that I ended up ordering an entire catering order just for myself the next day- now I've got delicious curry packets in my freezer ready to eat whenever!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,1/1/2014,3,26,2,3,2>We decided to try this place out after reading about it on Charleston City Paper. It was awesome! Our server was very friendly and we finished every bite of our meal. We tried the Chicken & Waffles (they serve breakfast all day!), Cuban sandwich, and Mac n Cheese. The ambiance was pretty cool too! I loved all the 80's themed music. We will return for the Chicken Fried Steak!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,12/31/2013,2,67,,3,2>Loved the 'help yourself' coffee bar.Grassroots atmosphere.Great staff.Thank you for being in this location!Decent menu.'Would appreciate more pork/beef-less options.But yes, Sunrise Bistro is as good as it gets here!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,12/30/2013,0,8,,3,1>Small menu, GREAT food.  I was a little hesitant to eat here after the terrible review about them microwaving the pulled pork before serving it.  When we were there, the only thing I saw warmed in the microwave was the buns.  The ribs were GREAT, the pulled pork was good, the lemonade was wonderful.  I went there with my husband and 3 kids.  The place was small with a live band which entertained the kids.  The reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars is because we paid over $3 a piece for tea and lemonade.  I think they should offer a kid's menu with kids drinks to make it more family friendly.  The servers were very nice and attentive. We were actually standing in front of the building trying to decide if we would be eating there when the server came out and welcomed us in, telling us the kids would love it (and they did). I probably would not take my kids to this place during the evening, when it would be more of a bar scene.  However, during the early evening, there were families there enjoying the music and great food.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,12/29/2013,35,98,,2,1>This place is as much contemporary art gallery and venue as it is bar and cafe, and I love that.  Charleston so, so needed a space for legit local contemporary art.  Love location and the relaxed atmosphere.  Super outdoor area and stage.  I'm looking forward to lots of good times here.  I hope for more spots like this in Chucktown.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,12/28/2013,1,4,1,6,6>Let me start off by saying I eat D'Al's once a month at least. There are plenty of great restaurants in Charleston so its not an easy choice when eating out. What sets D'Al's apart from other places is this. I was visiting a buddy in the e.r. the other night and we ordered  delivery from here. Not only did they insist on bringing the order  inside to us they also brought extra goodies for the nurses. They remembered extra napkins, cups  and were there in less than 20 minutes. They then told us that this order was on them and wished my friend a speedy recovery. I cannot tell you the warmth we felt.Thank you everyone at D'Al's you made us more comfortable with your great food and incredible service and smiling staff....every bit helped that night!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/27/2013,25,59,3,5,3>Despite the rocky history of this location, I have high hopes for Bay Street.  I visited with a few friends on Halloween and had a great time.  The communal tables were great, we were seated immediately inside and being able to interact with the other people at the table was awesome.  Also tons of TVs if youre trying to watch a game.Beer wise this place does it right - taps at almost every table, more at the bar and some specialty beers against the back wall.  One of the best beers I had was recommended by the guy sitting next to me and could only be poured from a tap in the back.  They are using really cool technology to make this possible, loading up a card and being able to shop and try multiple beers is great, but be warned - the money goes off your card pretty fast!While we only tried 3 apps while we were there, I will say the majority of food I saw looked delicious - the pig wings were incredible and I will def be getting them when I go back.  The shrimp and grits bacon bites were ok but overpriced at $12 for 3 of them.  Also had some boiled peanuts and they were exactly what youd expect.  The people next to us seemed to enjoy their pretzel and brat so Ill prob give those a shot next time.Hope this place sticks around and Ill def be back soon.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/26/2013,76,127,9,8,7>Zia, I'm sorry.  I have a confession to make.  Last night I cheated on you.  I know Mondays are supposed to be OUR day...but I thought I wanted a change...something different.  I was wrong.  SO WRONG.  I will never stray from you (or $2.50 fish taco Mondays) ever again.  I've learned my lesson and I hope you forgive me.  See you next week?  I'll make it up to you I swear. Now that THAT'S off my chest, I have to say that I have been coming to Zia pretty consistently on Mondays for about two years.  They have yet to disappoint me.  The staff is awesome and I really enjoy looking forward to their delicious fish tacos to start my weeks off right.  Even though I have to drive a few extra miles to get there, I'm always happy to do it.  Protip: For the grilled fish tacos, they have some serious hidden spice that doesn't hit you right away but might later in the evening or early the next morning.  I can eat one and be just fine, but if I get two I pay the price.  For that reason, I usually get two Baja and one grilled.  You have been warned.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,12/25/2013,11,48,3,3,3>One of my top 3 food trucks in the Charleston area. I love the eclectic mix of food they present to adventurous eaters. Not very adventurous? Try the Thurman Murman its fairly safe and combines braised beef, mac n cheese, with their signature kimchi. Not sure what kimchi is? Ask them for a sample, but be prepared for another addiction!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/24/2013,9,29,2,3,3>Had dinner here last night for the first time and really enjoyed it!  First, don't be too freaked by the location.  It's up in "The Neck" of downtown sort of near The Tattooed Moose where things are getting much, much better but still a little rough around the edges.  They have a well lit parking lot on premises so you can safely park and walk.  The interior splits its space as half indoor and half outdoor with sort of a "rustic old garage/cab stand" theme.  The outdoor was completely enclosed with clear plastic walls and heavily lined with heating lamps and gas heaters so it was still pretty comfy out there.  Started with the grilled wings.  You get 10 wings for $10 which are brined and seasoned in house then grilled.  GF said they were a little too salty, but that's got a lot to do with the brine, I imagine.  The wings were HUGE!  Each one was easily the size of 2 "normal" wings at other restaurants.  Great appetizer to share or a meal for one hungry dude.  They have rotating seasonal entrees as well as a number of unique apps, sandwiches, burgers, and deserts and shakes.  Interesting app was the "Fillin' Station Charcuterie" which is basically a board of the most delicious meats and cheeses you could create while filling up your car.  Totally low-brow but definitely delicious!  Had the "chicken and dumplings" entree for dinner.  It was sweet potato gnocchi in a sauce of braised veggies and creme with pulled baked chicken for $18.  It was delicious!!!  Would say, however, that the dish needed more pulled chicken in it, especially for the price.  Really enjoyed it though!  Bottom line:  fun spot for drinks and delicious food somewhere off the beaten path for a change and worth a try!  Will definitely check it out again later and try some other stuff!!!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,12/23/2013,80,111,3,3,4>Fantastic marina all the way around!  The boats are loaded in a safe matter and for the most part the drivers of the boats are very safe and professional (I only say for the most part because we did witness one young driver bump fairly hard into another in the summer of 2012). They just built a brand new clubhouse which is fantastic for relaxing.  Beer can be purchased on site which is great and the outside bar is a nice area to sit around, although almost  never staffed.  I've enjoyed my experiences at Daniel Island Marina a lot and look forward to returning again soon.  PS...going away from Charleston Harbor up the creek provides great boating on choppier days.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,12/22/2013,54,164,3,4,4>Wow!  This place is really, really solid!  We've been looking for a go-to sushi place since we moved to Mount Pleasant last year, and we've gone through Bambu, Fuji, Tsunami, The Oriental Garden, each of which we felt were lacking in either food quality (Fuji), ambiance (Oriental Garden), or were just too damned expensive with generally crappy food (Bambu).  With our visit to Sushi Taro yesterday, we've finally found our home!First, half price bottles of wine from Monday to Thursday.  Second, half price sake Wednesday through Sunday.  (I believe that's correct, but don't quote me.)  We grabbed a bottle of chardonnay to celebrate our anniversary lunch, and an order of edamame.  Every sushi place does edamame a little differently, but Sushi Taro does it exactly the way I like it - steamed, yet firm, and with a decent, but not overpowering amount of salt.  It was perfect.For lunch, we ordered some nigiri - yellowtail tuna, salmon, scallop, and eel - and a couple rolls - spicy crunchy salmon, tuna avocado, and a tuna amazing roll.  Each was amazing!  The rolls were large, but not overly massive that you can't get them in your mouth.  The nigiri was incredibly fresh, delicious, and were larger than you'd normally get from a sushi joint.  You will not leave hungry!The scallop was so good that I was even able to get Meghan C. to try some, and she really liked it!Ambiance is awesome, prices are good, food is phenomenal!  Why aren't you eating here, yet?!?
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/21/2013,283,570,3,9,4>We finally tried Buddy Roe's this past weekend after driving past it for the last few months when we visited Sullivan's Island or IOP; and about all I have to say is that we should have tried it sooner. It was the last night of restaurant week and Buddy's had a 3 for $20 deal going on so we thought we'd give them a try.I knew I was going to like this place when I walked in the door; I wasn't sure about the food. You see Buddy Roe's is set up to more like a bar which is the first thing you notice when walking in the door; a huge bar with tables in the same room and a stage for live music to the right side of the bar. They also have an outside deck with some tables and a bar out there as well. We were greeted right away by Caroline the bartender who told us we were welcome to sit anywhere we'd like; so we decided why not just pull up a stool at the bar and let her take care of us. She did a fantastic job pouring our drinks from their fully stocked bar, explaining some of their menu items, taking our our order, and keeping us happy throughout dinner. Well we weren't really hungry and decided to split the restaurant week deal which ended up being a lot of food. For starters we had the Fried Green Tomatoes, which were lightly breaded and drizzled with ranch. Next our main entree was the Seafood Combo that included flounder filet, shrimp, slaw, hush puppies, and a loaded baked potato. For dessert we had the cookies and ice cream; two warm chocolate chip cookies with vanilla bean ice cream. As I said earlier, we were a little hesitant about food in such a bar like atmosphere; but the food here was fresh and it was great. We will certainly return to Buddy Roe's again; perhaps for some live music next time. You can't go wrong with this place; they have some great food, cold drinks, live music, and even a putt putt golf course out front.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,12/20/2013,94,147,,6,3>Good beer, good burgers. Decent Service. Get the blue cheese sweet potato fries & ask for honey on the side to drizzle on top! Also, they have half priced burgers on Tuesdays AFTER 4pm. Definitely a steal considering their burgers are normally a little pricey since they don't include sides. They have amazing shakes & great options for vegetarians & glutton free as well!Conclusion: Do it. It tastes great, isn't terribly expensive, & has soo many beer options.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,12/19/2013,183,717,2,4,3>I will start off, by saying I am very protective over my beard.  I've had one since high school, so it means a lot to me, now that I am 34, so I was kind of nervous at first.  With that said, I am super impressed with this place.  I came in, looking like a vagabond, now I look quite nice.  At least my wife really likes it.  Let's face it, if the boss lady ain't happy, nobody is happy.  I got a hair cut and a beard trim/shape for $25.  Can't beat that with a stick!  It's a cool little shop, they play some interesting music, have some vintage barber stuff around.  My only complaint, is the parking is a nightmare.  There's not a parking lot, so you have to park on the main road or find a spot in the hood.  I drove around for a few minutes looking for one, almost got into an accident, partly because I misjudged my time to turn around, and the people that were speeding up to me weren't slowing down.  Just about got t-boned, but I slammed it in reverse, since they weren't stopping for anybody.  Other than that though, this place is the bee's knees.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,12/18/2013,7,14,2,3,2>My travels have taken me far and away in America, Europe and Asia. Have been in Japan and loved the food in unique small local secret places. Chicago, New York, the west coast are great but Still, the best sushi resides here in Mt. Pleasant SC! well made, tasty, not pretentious, fresh, fair size, great service great prices in a humble atmosphere as I experienced in Japan. You will not regret this perfect meal and you will come back as we have for the last 12 years! Enjoy.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/17/2013,48,35,2,3,2>If you love great food then King's pizza should be on your list. My favorite appetizer is the mussels in white sauce. Packed with tons of garlic served on thick toast...simply incredible. We have tried the pizza, calzones, and a few of the pasta dishes. I haven't tried anything that i wasn't impressed with. The owner always comes out for a quick chat and on one occasion brought out some pistachio ice cream for the kids. Its not the fanciest place but the food and people have made it one of my favorites.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/16/2013,16,11,2,2,3>Fantastic authentic Mexican! Had their Mole Carnita special that was out of sight! As is customary, we were greeted with Tortilla chips...but these were clearly house made, light and perfectly salted...a welcomed eatery that rises high above the institutional Mexican restaurants in the area! Oh and they don't number the menu ;)We have declared this our regular place after tonight!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,12/15/2013,59,204,,2,1>This is a wonderful, progressive, forward-thinking congregation. If you are looking for a place to worship in a warm, accepting, and loving environment, this is your church! I have been a Congregationalist my whole life, and I can say without hesitation that the Circular Church embodies every good thing about the UCC at large. I really love spending my Sunday Mornings worshipping here!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/14/2013,60,163,,7,2>Over the summer, I visited a similar shop to The Crescent Olive in Rochester, NY.  When I got home, I started searching to see if Charleston had a similar store.  Unfortunately, we did not.  Then a few months later, I saw a Groupon for The Crescent Olive and was super happy that Charleston now had a speciality Olive oil and balsamic store.  Fast forward to this weekend when I finally had time to get to Mt. P and check it out.  The store itself has a nice corner spot in Seaside Farms.  It's spacious with ridiculously high ceilings.  Inside there are shelves lined with silver containers of olive oils and balsamic vinegars.  They also sell other items that are either local or family owned (or both), like seasonings, pastas, sauces, pottery and art.The proprietor, Charlotte, quickly approached us and was eager to show us the store.  Here's how it works if you've never been here:1. Walk in2. Learn about olive oil3. Get bread4. Try olive oils5. Try balsamic vinegars6. Try them together in crazy good combinations7. Get a scoop of ice cream8. Try ice cream with sweet balsamics9. Die and go to heavenThis stuff ain't cheap so be on a lookout for a Groupon in the future, but it is seriously worth the price.  Also reserve a good amount of time (about an hour) for your first visit to the store.  It is not the kind if place you walk in and walk out of, it is an experience, so give yourself enough time to enjoy it!We ended up walking out with a 18 year balsamic, a strawberry balsamic, tuscan herb olive oil, chipotle olive oil, and basil oil.  I would highly recommend trying a chipotle oil/pineapple balsamic taste test in the store.  It was amazing!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/13/2013,23,272,,3,4>I can see exactly how someone could end up giving this place a bad review. We went on Sunday morning, beautiful day, awesome atmosphere, live music from outside, so far so good. The cocojito is not to be missed, small but strong for $7. The Cobb salad I ordered was bad news. The dressing was just off and I didn't expect a sunny side egg. If this had been my only meal eaten here, I wouldn't be giving this place 4 stars. But I know better. My boyfriend got awesome tender fried chicken with churros. The churros were so so but the chicken knocked it out. I definitely want this chicken for myself next time. The spicy corn was good just like last time. Feeling like I'm abroad while drinking my cocktail is definitely worth the trip up to North Charleston. I'll be back, maybe just not for brunch.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,12/12/2013,718,356,3,8,4>If you can find it, you must go.  If you go, you will keep coming back.  This is a dive with style.  Planted in the middle of nowhere straight up East Bay toward North Charleston, the Royal American is a haven for local musicians and those with a creative mind and soul.There is no type that patrons this place.There is no judging.This is a hang out for great local original music most nights on a stage that fits in most tiny living rooms.The bar staff is fantastic and they can make you any drink and if you choose to eat in and get the loaded baked potato, that is all you will need.  It is huge!!!There is indoor and outdoor seating.  Tables, bar chairs, couches and even a little dance floor to get your groove on.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/11/2013,35,136,2,3,3>Fast and friendly service, and the employees checked on us several times during our meal.  We ordered 6 hot wings, which were wonderful, according to my husband, and 6 teriyaki wings, the flavor of which I LOVED.  We noticed that there were only the 2nd portion of the wings, no drumettes at all.  But we enjoyed them anyway.  Our XL pizza arrived within 15 minutes or so and tasted good, but the only crispy part of the crust was the outside handle.  I had to eat mine with a knife and fork because it was too floppy to pick up.  My husband folded his over and ate it like a sandwich, but he agreed that it just wasn't crispy enough....this is the ONLY reason not to give the 5th star!  We'll be back, maybe for calzones next time.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,12/10/2013,38,15,,3,2>So I had an awesome experience! The restaurant is under new management and the service was faster then I expected! The chicken and ranch Philly was  phenomenal and prob the best one I've had so far! The prices were very reasonable for the product and service. And I will defiantly be back for more(:Thanks guys!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/9/2013,12,60,2,7,3>I went here and exclusively tried the vegan options- and for those looking for flavorful, well done tofu options- this is your place! Also, if you are hesitant about tofu (understandable) this is a good place to try it! For vegans and vegetarians (and gluten free folks) come here to enjoy well done vegan options and actually having choices!!!I tried to tofu buns, vegan spring rolls, and tofu bahn mi (sandwich). All of which seem like pretty standard fare on a menu, but were stand out in that everything was awesome- nothing was forgettable or mediocre. It was flavorful, hot, and came with a great sauce! Also, the portions were impressively big for the entrees. Buns came in sets of three but were filling so don't let the number dissuade you. I know, you're not convinced... tofu is the last thing most people crave, but the buns were sooo good- with a perfectly soft bun, crisped couldn't just enough on the outside, with flavorful sauce. The banh mi was extremely filling and it's sauce had a kick that kept me eating until it was all gone. For those who have no interest in tofu, I will say my dining companion got the server's recommendation of the curry laksa and said she literally could go on eating it forever.  She's a foodie who spend a year eating in NYC so this is no small praise. I especially love when servers can give firm recommendations that turn out to be absolute winners! Especially since she gave several options with the curry laksa being her most highly praised. So, if you are in the mood for Vietnamese- you can't go wrong here. Between my dining companion and I we tried five different options (three appetizers and two main dishes) and were thrilled with all of them. Also a nice trendy atmosphere! Was happy with the entire experience!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,12/8/2013,24,92,4,5,3>First off: Hanna Raskin from the Post and Courier might have labeled this restaurant as a "pizza palace" in her article title, but I assure you although their pizza is amazing, it is not the only notable dish on the menu. I came here for my birthday about a month ago and pretty much ordered half of the menu between my friends and I. First off: wine. I am in love with the Orin Swift Locations "I" edition bottle of wine. If you enjoy a solid bottle of red the entire table can enjoy I really recommend this bottle. I had friends at the table who normally drink white but loved this bottle. I have tried to find it at Total Wine in west ashley but alas, they do not carry it. So sad. Food: Snapper, Burrata, Pumpkin Blossom, Veal Tongue, Butter Bean Puree, Prosciutto, Camera D'Aria, Olive pizza, and finally Brussel Sprout Pizza. We ordered all this to be served family style so we were all about to try everything. The snapper and the prosciutto were the top 2 apps on the table. Seriously, if you go there, please order these. If you like cheese (which I love cheese) order the burrata because let's be real, who doesn't really love cheese folded into cheese? The pizza was delicious and it's exciting they serve pizza until midnight on weekends. I totally recommend every dish that we ordered. Service: Trevor did an awesome job. Wine was never low and he kept the booze coming which is what every birthday girl wants (I'm using my birthday as an excuse but honestly every time I go out to eat please just keep the wine coming). He did a great job coursing all of our food out and randomly we would just order a new dish and the kitchen did a great job accommodating that type of sporadic ordering. Decor: Indigo Road decorated another beautiful restaurant. The rustic interior and all the wood is just beautiful. I applaud them on yet another beautifully done restaurant. Steve Palmer has got his empire down to a science and it is more than exciting for us locals in Charleston who love great food and service. If you are looking for "typical" italian food with penne drowning in bland marinara sauce, please go see any italian tourist trap on the market.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,12/7/2013,63,129,,4,3>Right time, right place!  We had just left the Party at the Point and we desperately wanted to have a place that would accommodate our 2 small dogs.  My Sister-in-Law wanted a place to serve her a veggie burger or something fresh.  I attempted to find the a place suiting our needs in the area on YELP.  I was just striking out left and right when I asked a cousin at the event if he knew of a place.  He immediately said Triangle had a great turkey burger and outdoor seating.  That fit the bill so we made it and luckily got the last outdoor table available.  We were in the dime zone!  Then our waiter could not have been better.  He sold us on the grass fed local beef, the Turkey burger, and I got the local grass fed ribeye special with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus.  OMG, was it fantastic. And he even knew the farm it came from.  Talk about farm to table!  My family just loved everything about the evening.  Good service can trump good food but in this case they get the hard to get 5 Star treatment because we got both.My suggestion is that somehow you maybe update some items so that when others are looking for outdoor places and healthy food make sure you get found on Yelp.  I will do what I can in the tips on your business but I would probably have missed out and ended elsewhere had my cousin not pointed it out and given such a favorable opinion of your establishment.  See you soon!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/6/2013,55,83,2,4,3>When I first moved to Charleston I was told that Fuel had the best local black bean burgers around and that the fried plantains were equally good in the realm of desserts and sides. I soon learned that both accounts were quite accurate.Well, my most recent visit showed me that things have changed. Some for the better, some for the worse. Although a few key things are holding steadfast. The biggest difference I noticed was with the black bean burgers. They used to be black bean and cilantro cities just bursting with beans. Now, they're more like black bean slums. They've been reduced to more of a paste than anything which was highly disappointing considering this was an old favorite I was excited to return to. The plantains are still fantastic! To the point of eating well past being full. I had the jerk chicken sandwich which was delicious. I'd order that again without thinking twice. The pineapple on top blending with the spices seals the deal. The beer selection is still just okay. Slightly improved with the Charleston craft beer boom but nothing special. I can't forget about the awesome appetizer either. I got the salsa trio. Each was unique and different than the other but highly tasty in its own right.I'll continue my  sporadic Fuel visits. They haven't let me down yet. I'll save the black bean burgers for Sesame though.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,12/5/2013,48,79,3,3,3>I love Nick's Bar-B-Q! Nick's defies conventional wisdom that the best bbq is some local's secret in a dodgy alley.  It is located right smack dab in the middle of King St and serves some amazing bbq.  Get there pulled pork sandwich with cheese biscuits and a sweet tea and you will be thanking me that you did!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,12/4/2013,10,27,1,2,1>I really enjoyed the sandwich and soup that I just devoured. The owner and his cook were friendly and welcoming. It took about 6-8 minutes to prepare but well worth the wait as your sandwich looks perfect. They shop locally and are willing to cater to your dietary needs/desires. They are tucked into the corner of the old Piggly Wiggly (soon to be Harris Teeter) shopping plaza on the corner of folly and maybank and it is easy to miss. Definitely stop by if you are out in James Island.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,12/3/2013,28,96,2,2,2>Ah the smells of freshly baked bread!!! I was in heaven from the moment I walked in the door!!! They have two openings at this rather small establishment. One entry makes you feel like you're sneaking in the back way through the kitchen which I kinda liked. Like a celebrity being snuck in the back to avoid the paparazzi! Seriously I could just sit there and sniff the air all day long, the aroma of freshly baked bread was that enticing. My girl friend and I came here for breakfast after a failed attempt at paddle boarding. Failed because the weather would have made our first attempt, our last! The weather got ugly and scary quick which was fine by me since it resulted in my Baguette Magic experience (found by using my Yelp app of course). I ordered the prosciutto, tomato & basil, with mozzarella on a baguette and a side of cheesy grits. My sandwich was VERY tasty, the bread was aaaaamaaaazing but the grits were just okay. They were very soupy which was odd to me but flavor wise it wasn't bad. I wouldn't order the grits again though. My friend got the salmon, tomato w/ dill cream on a croissant and also had the side with cheesy grits. She didn't care for the grits either. Like my baguette, her croissant was huge! She said it was very, very good but the actual sandwich contents were just okay. She couldn't taste any of the dill cream so either it was omitted or not substantial enough. She didn't like the grits at all. We couldn't resist getting a croissant to go. I went with the classic butter croissant and my friend took an almond croissant to go. I of course took a nibble on the way home and almost instantly died and went to heaven! The only thing that stopped me was the need to finish that croissant later. I did of course as my midnight snack and even 12+ hours later that croissant was AMAZING!! I need more adjectives. SPECTACULAR!!! Honestly, I need to go back.. I need to sample their entire bread menu. So, so, so, so good. My girl friend said the almond croissant was delicious and mostly devoured by her daughter! Lucky for me, my kid never knew of my croissant deliciousness.. pretty sure I wouldn't be okay with sharing.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,12/2/2013,86,456,3,4,3>What a great find! I have driven past the place for years and just never knew what I was missing. We ordered the left side of the menu and the food was outstanding! This is going to be my new fav breakfast spot. The prices are very good and the food was just what I was craving. Thanks Sunflower Cafe!!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,12/1/2013,26,85,3,4,5>I'm giving this 5 stars based on flavor and vibe. It really is some of the best tasting food in the wrap/salad genre in Charleston. This place (as opposed to Dell'z Deli) is pretty much all vegan, but I still managed to order a wrap that had some shrimp in it. It was delicious - if I was skilled enough I would try to describe the flavor explosion, but I cannot other than to say there was a flavor explosion. I will say it took a little while to get my food, and its certainly not cheap, but I left satisfied. I hope Dell continues her expansion in Charleston!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,11/30/2013,200,305,3,9,4>I absolutely love this place.  I'm one of those people that gets a haircut maybe every 6 months (so sue me), and I've never really committed to a "stylist" or whatever. Call me low maintenance, maybe I have commitment issues, I don't know. That being said, ever since I've gone to Strawberry Blonde I don't want to go anywhere else in Charleston for a haircut. Plain and simple.Their haircuts are reasonably priced, including wash, cut and style, and I've always been more than happy to tip out because the gals that have cut my hair have been great conversation. Even more, their salon is so pretty, I'd say somewhere between hip and vintage. They also sell some jewelry, which I really want to buy but somehow resist every time- not sure how long that will last... (not sure of the cost either, if I ask that only leads to buying...which I'm avoiding, of course).All in all. 5 stars. Thank you for resolving my commitment issues and giving me a beautiful haircut, xoxo -Colleen.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,11/29/2013,11,71,5,4,4>I'll throw my hat in the 5 star ring.  What is there not to love about the place.  Well priced art supplies, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and a cat curled up on the posterboard?  I love this place.  Sometimes, when I'm downtown, I put my fingers in my armpits ... wait, no,sorry.  Sometimes, when I'm downtown, I come in here when I don't even need anything just to wander around and lust after the art supplies I don't know how to use yet and then buy another 4H pencil. FYI, the entrance is on the side, in case you see the sign and then stand there in confusion scratching your head as bystanders look at you in confusion because you are standing there, scratching your head.  Knowing this will prevent the social humiliation you would feel otherwise.You're welcome.  Support your local businesses!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,11/28/2013,42,206,2,3,3>Gose is seriously the nectar of the Gods. I could drink this everyday and still not get tired of it. They are supposed to release it in cans the week of July 22nd ... can not wait. Went to the release of the Mexican Cake BA beers ... smooth as it could get. I don't quite understand $20 a bottle but I am not as a beer geek as my husband. Bar area is a cool laid back place to spend an afternoon. Great addition to the beer scene in Charleston.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/27/2013,110,35,4,5,5>Murder Mystery theaters have been around for a while. The good ones seem to few and somewhat hard to find. Being a local mom and pop operation The Black Fedora has met both the criteria of being wholesome and entertaining. Good clean family fun! I visited this small but ridiculously awesome establishment for my friends birthday celebration. They were very accommodating with our rather large party size and gave us a deal because we had so many people. They engaged the audience and everyone had a great time. It's not easy to get a the whole audience on your side but the actors and actresses made that happen immediately. I was entertained the entire time and really saw value in the show. With today's budget families have to find more value for the dollars that they spend and this is worth the money. If I do have to critique anything it would be that the drinks don't come with refills. Eat before you go and be sure to get ready to laugh. Wear some diapers if you are prone to peeing your pants when you laugh too hard.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,11/26/2013,4,68,,5,3>In June, Elliotborough Mini Bar started opening weekday mornings as a coffee shop.  Say what? So here's a really comfy spot onthe corner of Percy and Bogard, where now you can relax and enjoy a great, no make that fabulously great pour-over. The EBMCB features select group of really good roasters, on a rotating basis. I know some people will be disappointed not to be able to get an espresso there, but come on-- the place is perfect for sitting back and savoring your day. Slow down and enjoy one of the best cuppas you'll have in Chucktown. You won't be sorry. The coffee program was set up by one of the best (and one of my favorite) baristas in town, Tripp Gandy, so you know it's really high quality. And delicious, did I mention that?Be sure to check out the evening persona of the place as a nice neighborhood bar. Good things are happening here.This is enough to make me want to move to Elliotborough.Edited February 2014: Though Elliotborough sstill has their evening program, the morning coffee bar has been halted.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,11/25/2013,72,74,2,9,7>I've never regretted spending an evening watching The Have Nots perform some improv comedy! It's always a good time.Tickets are $5 on Wednesdays but $10-12.50 other nights. It's cash only but they have an ATM available when you walk in. Definitely grab some beer or wine at the bar before the show. The best performances are of course the ones with the most audience participation but again, they never disappoint. My favorite act is the one where they take people's cell phones and are only allowed to say dialogue from sent/received text messages. You never know what they're gonna find (and you'll really question some people's choice to volunteer...whoa).The only negative (as always with downtown) is parking but they do have a small lot if you're super lucky. Oh, and good luck finding the place if you've never been (its behind a bike shop on Meeting Street)! Definitely check out Theatre 99 for a fun time and lots of laughs! :)
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/24/2013,64,95,1,4,5>This is consistently one of my go-to spots in town. I love so many of their dishes. The guacamole is a great way to start off, very fresh served in a kind of tortilla chip bowl, topped with shredded cheese. Yum! Their queso fundido, basically a sinfully delicious puddle of melted cheese, chorizo sausage, onion, tomato, and cilantro is divine. Both of the soups on the menu, are fresh and full of fun surprises as you dig deeper into the bowl. And the meats they use are always very tender and flavorful. Can you tell I go here a lot?
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/23/2013,29,117,1,8,5>Best mall food court food ever!  Had a giant slice of chicken alfredo pizza...twas the best slice of pizza I've had maybe since I've lived in Charleston...and that's a long time.The crust was just right in crispness, not doughy or too thin.  Whoever came up with that chicken alfredo idea is a cooking genius.  It just melted in my mouth.Had a brownie cake with whipped peanut butter cool whip topping in  layers and topping topped with chocolate fudge.  The cake was moist and the whole thing like the pizza again melted the taste buds.Service was fast considering the number of people converging on the place.what a great lunch!  Never would have thought I could get fine restaurant quality at a food court in the mall.  I can understand how they won the food court wars contest on the food network.Offerings are pizza by the giant slice, or 16 inch large.  There's I think 3 main flavors or you can customize your own toppings.  There's combos of pizza, salad, and a drink.Pasta dishes are available, several dessert offerings including italian pastries.Only regret is I was so hungry I forgot to take a pic to post.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,11/22/2013,43,313,3,6,2>A great new edition to Daniel Island!  Agave's is an upscale Mexican restaurant with affordable prices.  Just opened up on the 5th of November.  It's colorfully decorated and has a nice bar area and plenty of seating.  The bar area had 2 flat panel TVs with sporting events on.  A great menu - my wife had a classic margarita and I had a Dos Equis on tap.  The margarita had fresh ingredients and was excellent.  They had about 4 beers on tap and a decent selection in bottles.  My wife had a chicken quesadilla and I had the carnitas.  Plenty of other delicious looking items on the menu as well.  Service was very good - friendly staff.  Looks like they'll also have an outdoor seating area although it's not completed yet.  We'll be back!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,11/21/2013,109,168,,6,4>Your cocktails make me like tequila and your geng bped still taunts my dreams in the best way possible. Great service, perfectly portioned plates (they aren't huge, which is nice if you aren't trying to take home leftovers) and reasonable pricing. I will be back so so soon.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/20/2013,7,27,2,3,2>We think this is the best place for gyros in the lowcountry. I get the regular and my wife orders the half. They are just the right size and taste great. The ingredients always taste fresh and the service is pretty good. If you get the make your own gyro to-go, you could probably share it. It is a good sized portion.The outside seating is only OK and we take it anyway.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/19/2013,48,86,2,2,2>This is a great casual stop for any time of the day. I love that they serve breakfast until 4pm! The shrimp and grits are delish and it's a nice pescetarian option. Since many places add sausage, it is usually off limits to me, but not here. I've been here a few times and had good experiences. We will definitely be back again. Be sure to check in, too! This restaurant group is good about having offers for yelpers.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,11/18/2013,112,325,,5,5>I've had cupcakes from the Downtown Cupcake and today, we were in Mt. Pleasant so we decided to visit that location. It's not super big, but small and cozy and tucked away in a shopping center, rather than a busy area. The store wasn't busy at all (just one other customer). I was really impressed that the cupcakes were so well in stock because it was only around an hour until closing.I had the candy bar and my husband had bourbon pecan. The cupcakes are delicious. Yes, you will spend some money if you are bringing your family here, but you get what you pay for and it's a nice special treat. Flavors and descriptions are listed on the website but you can find a list inside the store, and the workers are pretty helpful at describing them. It's close to Halloween, and some of the basic flavors were decorated for Halloween, it's neat that they dressed up vanilla and chocolate cupcakes with seasonal decorations!Never had a bad cupcake from Cupcake Charleston and I can see why they were on Cupcake Wars on the Food Network. Just wish they had a location closer to West Ashley!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/17/2013,68,163,2,5,2>I've been back -- many, many times. It is always exactly what I wanted, always delicious, always cheap, always filling. Excuse me while I go post a photo of this in the Wikipedia entry for "fried fish sandwich."
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,11/16/2013,52,77,,4,1>Stopped by and had Sunday brunch for the first time the other day. We were seated out on their patio which is nice and large, with a music trio playing near the door. The wait staff was friendly and attentive.The standout of the meal was definitely the Pimento Cheese Fritters which are fried on the outside and a delicious pile of melty, cheesy goo on the inside. The fried green tomatoes and sticky bun were also quite tasty. I had a standard breakfast of eggs, bacon, biscuit & hash brown casserole. The biscuit was practically as large as my face and the hash brown casserole was the cheesiest I'd ever had. In my book cheese=delicious. Other members of our party had the short rib hash, which was deemed very good but a little lacking in pizazz, the butternut squash soup and a steak salad. We were stuffed afterwards and didn't have room for dessert but I look forward to coming back again soon to sample more of this tasty fare!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/15/2013,94,197,3,3,3>BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY I'VE EVER EATEN EVER. Seriously. Get them.Also good: Chicken quesadilla, meatloaf sandwich, eggs benedict, southern-style BLT, cheese grits, chicken salad sandwich, bacon, chocolate milk.Basically everything here is delicious. I would recommend going weekday or Saturday mornings. If you come on a Sunday morning, be prepared for at least an hour's wait.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/14/2013,89,265,,5,3>Eddie and his staff at Coastlend were great to work with when we bought our first home. They were responsive, helpful, and we truly felt they were our advocates throughout a sometimes stressful and daunting process. I highly recommend them to anyone buying a home, especially first time home buyers.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,11/13/2013,11,42,2,2,2>Had a craving for wings and their woodfire wings hit the spot! Meaty and moist...like the grilled taste and the rub was spot on not overpowering...( tasted a wee bit oriental)also had a wedge salad good but...more bacon pleeeze! Ate in the bar, laid back busy but not crazy...super service the gal did not rush us was attentive spot on...will be back!Have been back...again sat in the bar...had the basil...chili...martini...different...good sipping martini...service was spot on by a young man named Chris...GREAT SERVICE...had the fire roasted wings...and the caprese salad...yums...
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/12/2013,81,113,1,1,1>The ground beef hard taco was amazing. I wish I had ordered two. The shell was substantial, with good crunch, a little flaky. The fish taco with cilantro on a soft shell was so-so. Needed more flavor. Cheerwine and diet cheerwine cans were available! Picnic tables out back are rustic. Overall, cute place.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/11/2013,33,29,2,3,2>This place is by far one of my favorites in the city. It's dangerous that I live a block away. But the brunch for Sunday Fundays never fails to entice me. I've been a bunch of times and tried something new every time. The Duck Duck Hash #, the Cubano Benny and the French Toast have all been top notch. The one thing I hate about brunch in Charleston is usually having to pay 20 bucks for a ham and cheese omelet that I could make at home. The Warehouse is the complete opposite. I could never concoct the amazing dishes they come up with and they're fairly priced too. If you eat here for brunch don't plan on having any other big meals the rest of the day. So filling and delicious! My Serbian boyfriend LOVES the European style coffee they have. And their infused liquor makes for a potentially great  Blood Mary (I think their mix could use a little work) I'm obviously obsessed with their brunch on Sundays but have also been there with friends for drinks on a Saturday night. The cocktails are great and they usually sell them in a pitcher which makes out to be a great deal! All in all, amazing spot to hang out, drink and grub with your friends!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/10/2013,163,364,2,2,2>Come here, don't be surprised by the gas station experience. The food is awesome. Korean food definitely is a little different than Chinese food, but I dont think the flavors are inaccessible or different than you'd expect. Must check out in the about most random place possible.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/9/2013,197,496,6,12,5>What a great find!Never been sugared but a historical waxer...I moved down here post baby and non bikini season so...wasn't really thinking about that business but now it's the pool several times a week!  Nair is just awful but definitely am not close enough with anyone down here to say "hey!  who rips all the hair out of your vag?!"So as usual, Yelp led me in the right direction.  I arrived and the receptionist didn't seem to know who I was or what I wanted (I had an appointment and the place was empty) but luckily my therapist came out almost immediately and was so delightful and pleasant that I forgot about the less than enthusiastic welcome.  I find the pricing competitive with waxing (at least in NJ) and yes, some parts hurt but honestly, some other parts I did not even feel.  The best thing is that I was maybe a little red leaving, but by the time I got home, not red, no bumpies...nothing.  I am so, so pleased and this will be my go to from now on!  Sugaring all the way!**Follow up commentary:I:1. Received a thank you note from my therapist, Allison - I almost fell over!  I thought I was the only one who sent thank you notes anymore.  Classy!2. The owner contacted me re: the less than enthusiastic welcome and said they would address it...again, classy!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/8/2013,158,145,2,8,6>I was actually planning to wait until after a couple of more visits before I threw up a review but I just saw Mark's review and wanted to offer a different take.  I also stopped by Zoes last night and I had a great first visit.  It just goes to show you that different people have different experiences.  I was in the neighborhood and remembered that they just opened.  So I decided to swing by and get an order to go.  I decided on the greek chicken pita with a side of potato salad.  When I handed over my debit card, the girl at the register asked if I would mind paying with cash.  I told her I didn't have any on me.  She said that their credit card machine had been down and that my meal would then be on the house.  I thought that was awesome!  I get why she waited to tell me after she checked if I had cash because you know there are people out there that would take advantage of the situation.  Alternatively, they could've just decided not to take orders for people trying to pay with credit cards.  The fact that they're a new business that didn't want to turn away customers made a great impression on me.So now the food.  Yum.  I really enjoyed both my chicken pita and the potato salad.  It all tasted so fresh and I actually felt good about what I was eating.  After reading through their menu, you can tell their aim is to make delicious yet healthy food.  They list all their ingredients and will even specify when there's no mayo for the foods you'd assume would have mayo in them, e.g. potato salad, tuna fish pita, slaw. I definitely see myself coming back here to try other items on the menu. It's going to be hard for me not to order the chicken pita again though.  And the hibiscus green tea was a nice surprise, too!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/7/2013,76,130,,7,5>It's about time I got around to writing a review on the Republic. This is one of my absolute favorite places to go for happy hour.  "Why," you ask?  Because their happy hour is KILLER!  Appetizers that usually range from $10-$15 are $4 or $5, $2 domestic beers, half off spritzer drinks, and I have never had to wait on a table (granted it's always been during the week).  The atmosphere is very nice as well.  The main dining room, which could more appropriately be called a lounge, has booth seats lining the three walls, with mirrors on the two opposing walls, giving the place a very open feel.  The tables are a little on the small side, which can get a little crowded if you order several plates, but that is a small flaw that can easily be overlooked.  The main wall has a beautiful piece of art, adding a classy feel.  The whole decor is very nice throughout the restaurant.  There is also a nice covered outdoor patio with another full bar and couches to lounge in while listening to the live bands.I have yet to try an entree, but I have tried most of the appetizers.  The mussels are especially good, and I cannot leave out the brie, my favorite cheese.  My favorite appetizer would have to be the lettuce wraps.  I have tried them with chicken and the duck confit.  They are both delicious but I prefer the duck.  It's a nice light dish, and I love the contrast of the cool crisp lettuce with warm savory meat, whichever you choose.  As Joy S. noted, the stuffed potato skins are not what we expected, but they were still pretty good.  I had a few samples of my friend's hummus and it was very good as well.  I have yet to be disappointed by anything I have had, however I was a little sad that the milk served with the cookies was not spiked with some kind of alcohol.  Regardless, those cookies were the bomb. Great service, great food, great drinks, great atmosphere.  What's not to love?  Just make sure you are dressed appropriately.  I had a friend get turned away for wearing a t-shirt and flip flops.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/6/2013,4,31,3,7,3>Food: simply great. Had their house soup (a tad bit bland but good stay nonetheless), squid salad (amazing, tender, generous portion of squid in a slightly sweet, scrumptious, melt in your mouth sauce), jelly fish nigiri (definitely worth trying...tasted a little like kimchi), yellowtail roll (very fresh), and rainbow roll (again, very fresh). Unfortunately, they were out of  some of the other stuff we wanted to try (like the sea urchin-uni). Drinks: should not have bothered. Sake is ok, nothing special. Beer selection not big. House wine was awful (I couldn't finish the glass it tasted like grape juice). Plum wine is way overpriced. No normal mixed drinks, only dessert-like stuff. Atmosphere: weird. Very young crowd. Hardly anyone over 35 that we saw. However, 80s music was blasting all evening...I guess just not what I'd expect for an Asian place. Service: took a while to get greeted but once we sat down the waitress was truly very attentive. The other servers also seemed good. Will probably go again but may check out other sushi bars first before we come back.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,11/5/2013,40,10,4,4,4>This place deserves more than 5 stars!  Awesome food!  Awesome service!  Even the hostess have been great!  I'd like to eat here everyday for breakfast but I would be 500 lbs next month.  Like all the other reviews said the country fried steak is amazing!  I'd like to know how they make it so tender?  My hubby and I usually share the country fried steak the portion is a bit large.  I just tried TJ's hot mess for breakfast my last visit and it's my new favorite. So when you are in town this is a must try.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,11/4/2013,95,413,2,2,4>This place has the praline game mastered.  So good.  Don't get a sample unless you intend to buy some...because you will, guaranteed. Their chocolate and caramel turtles are also pretty awesome.  Highly recommended.Decent sized selection of other stuff as well.  But the caramel,chocolate,praline, pecan stuff is the star here.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/3/2013,39,134,1,4,3>They use Leidenheimer bread from NOLA for their po-boys.  Need I say anything more about that subject?  I've had the shrimp, oyster, meatloaf and smoked chicken ones.  Each is excellent.  Wonderful remoulade sauce.Hell, everything they cook is wonderful.  Collards will rock your boat.  Maybe the cole slaw is not to my liking, but I'm not knocking anything off for cole slaw.And the fries. Get the fries no matter what you order.  Bernaise sauce is not my cup of tea, but they have Heinz ketchup which makes me happy.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,11/2/2013,34,62,8,5,5>It's restaurant week, boys and girls, which is like Christmas for people who like good food. It is also like Christmas because Tom, Dick and Harry from the midwest and upstate come to Charleston to eat at our restaurants. Thanks to them, a lot of the better places in town have pulled out because the cost of cleaning up the grease stains and watching folks in cargo shorts walk around the restaurant became a bit much. For my first restaurant during RW, my friends and I chose Al Di La, a neighborhood Italian place in Avondale that I have been eating at for years. This is a huge secret, so don't tell them. We walked in and I immediately noticed they had remodeled the dining room. Rest assured, for all you locals reading, it still smells musty, kind of like the attic at your grandparents' house where they keep vintage items from the 50s and 60s, so it's charm never left. Oh, and the dining room was full of olds, so maybe my analogy has merit. ADL offers 3 for $20 and 3 for $30. Because I am back to being unemployed and I want my summer earnings to fund my alcoholism for as long as possible, I went with the 3 for $20. For my first course, I ordered the mussels. Why? Because it gives you the biggest bank for your buck. My friends ordered soup and beef capriccio, and while they said it was delicious, they were jealous of me because my app was so big. It's sort of like when your best friend lands the hottest stripper at the gentleman's club. You all wonder how he did it. He acts like he just had the skill, but in reality, it was because he had been going there far more than he wanted to admit. Oh, in case you cared, the mussels were delicious as usual. Get them if you're hungry. Don't question this advice. For dinner, I shied away from my usual Bolognese and gnocchi and instead ordered the pasta with fava beans and sausage. The fava beans drew me in because I am a big fan of Silence of the Lambs. I felt like Hannibal Lector as I downed my entree, minus the human flesh (I hope the sausage was pork). I will say after our meals, we were all so full that it would have been easy to skin us alive had old Hannibal been around. Kind of twisted, isn't it, Clarice? ADL gets 4 stars for being the same as it always has been. The bar was nice. The food was excellent and a great value to boot, and the service was acceptable. The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review is that I asked for more bread, and the server thought I was being a sarcastic ass. How on earth did she know?
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/1/2013,16,23,7,6,5>This guy is awesome.  Fast, accurate, cheap repairs for all electronics.  He fixed my laptop after I spilled coffee all over it.  He does iPhones, PS3s, and apparently is handy with cars and motorcycles, too.  So, if you can break it- he can probably fix it.   Also he's super cute and full of stupid jokes that will make you feel much better when you're having of those crappy, holy-hell-I-just-smoked-my-beautiful-laptop kind of days  :)
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,10/31/2013,63,159,,6,3>Awesome beer selection. We ordered a flight of eleven, 4oz beers for $10!!! What a deal!!!The atmosphere was awesome and chill. The bartenders were attentive, informative, and fabulous. We will be bringing all of our beer-loving friends here...A LOT.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,10/30/2013,47,33,2,4,2>This place just opened and is doing it right! It's a wonderful space full of flat screens for all the sport fans.  The bar is huge and they have outdoor, smoker and dog friendly areas.The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  They talked about the food and made sure I was happy.  I ordered the deep fried Mac n Cheese bites, They were HEAVENLY, I devoured the basket in no time at all.  I also got the filet mignon sliders, they were wonderful!  So tender and juicy, the bun was perfect, they came with a wonderful dipping sauce with a bit of spice.  Couldn't have been happier.  They fries were great and the portions were perfect.  Sweet tea was nice and sweet.They offer daily soup and meal specials.  Also I think $1 off drinks for happy hour.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,10/29/2013,67,240,2,3,3>In my humble opinion, the triumvirate of amazingness when it comes to spots most deserving to be checked out consists of coffee, craft beer, and respectable outdoor seating options. God dangit, Kudu, you just fulfilled the tenants of this most holy triumvirate and then some.Their website states: "We are awesome. Seriously. Come see for yourself". Bold? Cocky? Well, maybe it's a bit of both. Regardless, this spot backs it up in a big way. The baristas/bartenders/awesome people are just that--awesome. Plus they seem friendly and willing to put up with any indecisiveness you may experience (understandably) when trying to choose between their large assortment of amazing caffeinated beverages and/or craft brews. Hold on one second....how amazing is it that housed under one roof and in the same establishment is both a kick ass coffee shop and an amazing craft brew dispensary? Answer: It's amazingly amazing.Beyond the cool, laid back, plaid adorned staff are serious coffee drinks and respectable pours of craft brews. Beyond the liquid awesomeness is a seriously knock your teeth out level of amazingness outdoor patio seating area complete with tons of chair and table combos, a fountain, and string lights above. Oh, and the shop is right off of King Street so it's ideally located near the pulsating heart of downtown Charleston.  During a recent visit to Chucktown, I hit up Kudu in the morning for some java and in the late afternoon for some Lagunitas on draft. On each occasion, I took advantage of the phenomenal outdoor patio.  When it comes down to it, I wouldn't mind if everyday played out that way...
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,10/28/2013,32,79,4,2,2>This place is pretty legit.  If there's one thing Charleston does well, it's brunch, and you'll get a primo-Charlestonian brunch here.  First, a warning - come prepared for back sweat.  Brunch here is popular and crowded.  Our little table for two indoors was a 45 minutes wait, and the wait area is outside.  Charleston also does hot and humid well, so we were hot (sexy), sweaty messes by them time we got indoors.  They do have a cool little window where you can get a tasty adult beverage while you wait.  It's not a full bar, but they have several brunch-y cocktails to chose from.  I got a Blackberry Collins, which was the drink of the day, and only set me back $15...The brunch menu, though not huge, is interesting and tasty.  I got a veggie omelet with goat cheese, home fries (read: seasoned broiled potatoes), and a biscuit.  There's a mixed berry jam to put on the biscuit that is so tasty I kinda wanted to smear it all over my face.  And by kinda, I mean I did smear it all over my face.  My friend and I also shared a side of buttermilk pancakes with our omelets but I was disappointed in them.  They were borderline burnt.  Atmosphere was southern trendy.  It's in a cool, old historic home, and our servers, hostesses, food runners, and bus boys were all friendly and patient despite the busy chaos.  If having cocktails, the bill comes out a little high, but overall, it's a fabulously lovely place for an amazing brunch.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/27/2013,77,69,2,4,3>This is a great park located under the Ravenel Bridge where you can have a little picnic, bring your fishing / crabbing gear, or just take a load off looking over the harbor. Fishing is $5 for Charleston county residents and $8 for visitors. The shop on site has everything you'd need if you would like to purchase gear / bait there. The county just removed the parking meters, so parking is now free. Tuesday nights in June '13 the park is hosting Party at the Park - a free country concert for anyone interested.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2013,10/26/2013,19,118,3,13,1>In my humble opinion, there has been a lack of quality dining in Isle of Palms for quite some time which is why we were excited that Ken Vedrinski (of Trattoria Lucca fame) was bringing his talents to the beach. Vacationers may find the name "Coda del Pesce" (Tail of the fish), a bit confusing, but the menu is primarily seafood and pasta.Although our entire party hadn't arrived we were quickly seated and offered beverages by our server.  She was then, and would remain, a great resource throughout our dining experience.Our friends quickly arrived and we ordered cocktails while we perused the menu.  There was some confusion about what one of our friends ordered, as she was presented with the wrong drink initially and my "Cosmo", also a late delivery, was just a suggestion of a beverage, a short pour.  All in it took 40 minutes for our beverages to arrive.  Not a great start.As we began to order appetizers our server coached us, which was helpful.  She said, "The appetizers are 'portioned' and you might want to order a few more."  Did this mean small, I thought?  Regardless we ordered a Grilled Calamari, Tomato, Eggplant, Fett'una, 2 Yellowfin "Arancini", Radish, Jalapeno, Fennel, Citrus Marmellata, and a Burrata, Smoked Salmon, Giardinier - all delightful.We ordered dinner just as our appetizers were delivered and then waited, and waited, and waited.  At the 60 minute mark I turned to one of our friends and said, "Does this seem long to you?"  Even with great conversation the time was starting to drag.  Never the less, we chatted on while the tables around us (seated after us) were served. At the 90+ minute mark our entrees were served.  Really?  90 minutes.Five out of the six entrees were a win. The Handmade Shells, Flash Seared Scallops, Asparagus with lemon was well received.  The Conchiglioni, Blue Crab, Herb Parmesan Brodo  - Large shells with crab was good, but our friend said the pasta was under cooked.Grandma's Gnudi was a big win, as was the Grouper Saltimbocca and the Flounder Peperonata with Chicken Sugo. I had what could arguably have been the easiest dish to get out of the kitchen - Pici (chubby spaghetti), and an Octopus Bolognese. What a disappointment.My Pici was barely cooked, and inedible. I asked the server (who had tried her best throughout the evening) to take it back to the kitchen and see what could be done.  Here's where it gets interesting.The Manager came to our table to discuss our mishap.  It was at this point that he began to try to "educate" me on pasta cooking and that "Pici" was meant to be cooked that way.  "Hard and crunchy?" my husband asked. It was at that point that I wanted to dust off my passport, fly to Italy and see for myself if this was indeed the case.  But it gets better...He then tells me that he's going to substitute Tagiolini instead of Pici because it will save ten minutes.  At this point our table was almost finished with dinner.  When my dish finally arrived it was an overcooked, globby non-octopus mess.  Not happy and still hungry.  For those that think I am severe in my review because Coda del Pesce is new, I get that.  However, I have been responsible for many restaurant openings and it has always been my belief that a customers' money spends the same way on Day 1 or Day 1000.  If you're not ready to open, don't.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,10/25/2013,40,77,2,3,2>My husband and I used a Groupon but we will definitely be back without one! The Eggplant dip and pita chips was great! My only critique here is that the pita chips could have used a bit more char for my liking, the dip however was very flavorful! The Rotisserie Chicken was great as well! It was a tad dry but I did order the breast portion which could have been the culprit there. My husband had the burger and according to him it was among the best in the area! Overall, very good experience! We will be back for the Crispy Russet Potatoes alone!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/24/2013,85,48,2,3,4>I love manhattans mostly because the family feel. Great spot to meet friends quickly with inexpensive drinks. Bartenders are great, always remembering your face and what you like to drink. I wish they served late night fried foods like some places but that's my only complaint. Who knows, maybe that's not a complaint because its saved me and my wallet from drunkenly eating plenty of times.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/23/2013,12,19,,4,2>We went for an amazing lunch here! We tried their "Mac off" award winning pulled pork and collard green Mac n cheese. It was soooo good. It had huge strips of pork and the cheese sauce had Carolina BBQ sauce in it. My sister had the fried oyster salad and I had the prime rib sandwich and upgraded to the pomme frites. The service was laid back, but I'd never say it was slow. A truly amazing lunch - I WILL be returning!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,10/22/2013,31,81,2,4,3>Our once a month girls night lead us to Lucca and it didn't disappoint.  I was nervous at first b/c I'm not a wine drinker but they do have a prosecco champagne that I really enjoyed so that problem was solved quickly!    For apps, they offer vegetable, meat, and cheese options that you can order one, three, or a combo of five.  We did the Grande (5) for each so we could all enjoy a couple bites of each thing.  Very reasonable too, 5 cost $20-$24 each.  My favorite bites came from the warm cauliflower sformatino, the pork, the proscuitto served with pickled vegetables, and all the cheeses.  After reading other reviews before going I was under the impression their dinner portions were small so we all ordered our own pasta dish.  That was fine b/c we got to try a bunch of different dishes, but there was nothing small about the portions.  We all left with to-go boxes!  Our server Brian was great and Lucca's will definitely stay on our list for a return visit.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/21/2013,61,33,,3,3>Normandy farms is the perfect place to pop in for lunch or breakfast! Amazing goods and always freshly made. Whether it is a quick yummy meal to go or some incredible fresh breads you need, Normandy is the place you need I go! Great staff and very good prices! But get there early, their yummy goods go fast!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,10/20/2013,25,59,,2,3>FINALLY made it back to Moe's after they completed their renovations and man was it good to be back.  This place is a Charleston institution with great food and cheap beer - make sure to check it out if you're in the area (try half price burger night on Tuesdays!).It was sad to see Moes DT close up, but Crosstown will always be the originator and I look forward to coming back soon.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,10/19/2013,17,13,,2,2>The Alley is a happening place in Charleston for young professionals. They have a great entertainment set up with multiple big screens for sports viewing, an arcade, some lanes for bowling, good bars and above your run-of-the-mill bowling alley food by a number of levels. I had their regular burger, which comes standard with massive slabs of bacon. It was great! Their tater tots also seemed to be made fresh on the premises and had a nice peppery taste to them. Parking can be tricky, as it is a popular place. Same goes for the bowling. It is best to make reservations for a lane well beforehand or you won't get a lane.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/18/2013,46,19,6,8,7>Thankfully, Persimmon Cafe chose to plop itself down 2 blocks from my house.  I'm not even going to comment on the fact that it being in a laundromat is strange, because I don't really care.. However, it is notable to recognize how limiting this is for Persimmon, as the heavy duty cooking equipment one sees in a "normal" restaurant is absent merely due to the intrinsic limitations of the building.  My point is, lets be impressed that they can whip out such skillfully crafted food given that they don't even have an oven.  The menu takes full advantage of the panini press to remedy this situation, and does a great job of it.  My last sandwich was the zucchini panini slathered in a delicious pesto sauce, that, when warmed and crisped, had a greatly enhanced flavor.  All sandwiches can be made into a salad, which also immediately increases their menu size by 2.  I also hear that they make "blow torch" fish tacos, which is just plain cool.  Bottom line... Persimmon Cafe is a deliciously successful idea that takes intelligent advantage of the space it occupies.  Add in its close proximity to MUSC, the fact that they deliver, their overtly generous and pleasant staff, their flavorful and ever changing menu, and I'd say you get 5 stars.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/17/2013,76,127,7,13,9>Excellent range.  Knowledgeable, friendly staff.  Full autos.Often times when you go to a range you've never been to before, the staff will treat you poorly.  In fact, knowing absolutely nothing about you, they will usually speak with a very condescending tone and "make sure you know they are in charge" which on some level I understand, but that doesn't mean that I haven't wanted to crack some fools' skulls from time to time over the years.  Anyone who has been to a shooting range before probably knows what I am talking about.  Not so at Quickshot.  They staff obviously makes safety a priority (there ARE live weapons in the mix, folks) and laid out the range rules without being haughty or overly pedantic.  Overall it was a pleasant experience.  I will be back.Protip: Did I mention they have fully automatic weapons for rent?  It's a quick way to burn through some cash (in ammo) but if you have never had the experience, it's worth a shot. (pun intended, haha!)
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/16/2013,36,42,1,1,1>Great soup and wonderful ham and cheese sandwich!  Had the loaded potato soup. Fantastic! You need to go there for lunch or supper.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,10/15/2013,0,23,1,2,2>I have been here before for the best burger but stumbled on their recent Sunday opening, the chef came out to discuss the menu, the craft beer was brought to the table before my seat was warm and the server was over to take the order pronto.  The nachos are a must and yes, I will be back.  Great food, great service and people with personality make this a neighborhood favorite.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,10/14/2013,54,164,,8,3>I used Diamond Glass Tinting to get my wife's 2012 Mercedes C300 Sport tinted to the legal South Carolina limit earlier this week, and I couldn't be happier.  My appointment was for 1 PM, I walked in, discussed my options, and walked out.  I got a call at 3, and the car was done.  Go pick it up, and it just looks amazing.  The tint film is completely different than what was used on my Mustang in NJ, and it looks 100 times better.  I'm a perfectionist when it comes to my vehicles, and I can't find one flaw in the installation or quality of the materials.Further, if you buy the mid-grade Carbon, or higher end CXP film, you get a lifetime warranty that can be transferred to the next owner and is serviceable at any dealer that sells that brand of film.I'll definitely go back, and have already sent a few people their way.  Absolute aces.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/13/2013,94,147,2,2,2>Reasonable pricing, amazing food, really good breakfast, great service.Food:Some of the best hash browns & cheese grits Ive ever had.Fried mac n cheese balls were awesome!Chicken Pot pie is really good.Service:Super friendly, very attentive, very quick. There is a middle aged African American lady with short hair at the one on Folly. She is just such a  doll. What a great server! Wish I could remember her name. Ask for her if you see her!Atmosphere:Old diner, quaintConclusion:Great cheap eats. Awesome breakfast, great service! Check it out!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,10/12/2013,80,111,3,3,3>Blind Tiger has turned into one of my favorite downtown destinations. It's a little off the beaten path comparative to most of the other bars squished together on East Bay, King and Market...but I like that.  The outside courtyard is absolutely beautiful and really opens up a lot of room for additional guests if either area of the inside bar gets full.  The food is tasty, drinks are cold, and the atmosphere is great...the bartenders are totally hit or miss.  Our last visit was a couple weekends ago and the first bar on your right when you walk in and the outside bar had great service and bartenders.  The bar on the other side was staffed with two girls who were VERY slow moving, had to ask over and over again what we ordered (there was only 5 of us so it wasn't like a huge list), and totaled up everything wrong. The only other downfall with Blind Tiger is their bathrooms...or lack there of.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/11/2013,283,570,3,4,3>Roasted is Folly's version of Starbucks; only better. They serve Starbucks coffee and it actually tastes better than coffee in Starbucks stores. Also the staff here is great; fast and friendly service with a smile. It's a great place to grab a coffee early in the morning or a cold day in the winter while enjoying Folly Beach.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/10/2013,17,58,4,8,5>Seanachai, which is pronounced sean-a-key according to Gerry the owner, is an awesome Irish pub on John's Island. Excellent hand crafted drinks, cold beer, and a timeless atmosphere. Seanachai doesn't give in to the ever growing number of TVs in bars/restaurants and I'm so thankful for that. I find myself able to truly relax in there, have a good conversation with friends, while still enjoying a lively atmosphere, and always meet interesting new people. You are as likely to meet a 70 year old conservative Charlestonian as you are a 24 year old hippy. It's a great gathering place that accepts all and serves each customer like they are an old friend. A Charleston favorite. I hesitated to write a review because I want it to stay sort of on the DL, but I think Gerry should get all the business he could ever want, so here I am!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,10/9/2013,33,29,2,2,3>I personally love total wine. They are super friendly and helpful. The staff is super knowledgeable about the liquors and wines. I was very impressed. They have the BEST prices in town and the best selection as well. Every time that I've been to Total Wine & More the staff have been super helpful.It's definitely a cool place to check out...as long as you're over 21. :)
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,10/8/2013,718,356,2,3,3>Blackbird Market is a little off the beaten path if you live in the core Charleston city limits.  Located on Johns Island near the Sunrise Bistro and soon to be defunked Piggly Wiggly, this market is worth the extra 10 mile drive.  Fresh cheese, gnocchi, ravioli, meats, fish, fruit, fresh baked bread, local lotion and soap makers, nuts, spices and much more.  The staff have a true warm and winning spirit to help and educate you on complete wellness.  Fruits and vegetables are all local so get them quick and often.  I picked up some jack and dill blend cheese, squash and tomatoes and came close to some fresh gnocchi.  They are open until 7 PM most evenings so head on over after work and say hi and pick up some fresh produce.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,10/6/2013,100,213,2,2,2>It's a bar that makes some of the best sandwiches you will ever taste.  I had the Duck Club sandwich and I must say that i'm in love.  I also had the duck fat fries with a side of gravy.  I didn't care for the gravy, but the fries are fantastic.  It was so good, and so rich that my friend has banned me from coming back for a month.  She said I will need that amount of time to work off all the duck fat.  It's kinda small and if you go during the lunch rush prepare for a wait.  The upside is that the kitchen is open till 1 am.  A person could do a lot of damage eating that good late at night. I will be anxiously waiting out my ban so that I can  try something else on the menu.  Oh yeah, it's a bar too.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,10/5/2013,5,43,,3,3>Came in for happy hour - $5 dessert martinis! I tried the Godiva dark chocolate martini and the mint one also. The mint martini tastes exactly like a thin mint girl scout cookie and I would highly, highly recommend it! The cafe itself is small and dimly lit and gets crowded pretty quickly. All of the desserts looked fantastic, especially the cookie pie. I'll definitely be back here for happy hour again.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,10/4/2013,60,163,,4,3>I really want to give C&B a big ole' 5 stars but based on their prices, I just can't and that is the only reason.  Everything else about them is 5 stars.I've only ever been here for lunch so I can't comment on their breakfast foods, but if it is as good as everything else, then it is amazing!They make some really great sandwiches, my favorite being the smoked salmon and egg.  They also have a wide variety of pre-made foods like pasta salads, lasagnas, bean salads, etc.  They have a good variety of vegan and vegetarian options too.Craving some sushi, no problem...they make sushi.  Feeling like eating healthy?  Salads as well.  Caviar and Bananas lives up to its name but carrying almost everything from caviar and bananas.In addition to also being an eatery, it also sells some high end groceries, wine and beer.  My most recent visit, I found out that they are now selling salt in bulk, the good kinds like Fleur de sel, Himalayan pink, Sel Gris, and bunch of smoked and flavored salts, Bacon Salt FTW!  They have a coffee and pastries and chocolates and just about everything you could imagine.  If you are visiting the George St location and park in the St. Philips Garage, they will validate 30 mins of your parking (worth $1).  This is a nice perk if you are driving there to get food to go...since it basically makes parking free.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/3/2013,23,272,,3,3>If you need a gadget or a basket made with lots of cool sauces and things this is your place! A mad house on Saturday but they have valet parking. The store is broken up into sections - bakery, cheese, teas and coffees, flowers, cards, candy, gadgets, dishes, Vera Bradley, lotions and potions. You could be in here for hours. They have a tasting station in the middle of the store. There's a cooking school so they're probably going to be doing demos. All around worth a stop.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,10/2/2013,66,409,,3,2>Let's say this to start.  I will be back.  Especially when it's cool enough to sit outside while the fireplace is burning.The wife go the Shrimp and Grits.  As you can see in the picture (s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com), it's a somewhat unusual preparation.  But the taste is excellent.I went with appetizers as a meal. If you don't get the Calamari app (s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com), it s a mistake.  I don't care if you don't like calamari. You will like this.  You can skip the Fried Green Tomatoes (s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com).  Don't skip the one pound shrimp if you like shrimp (s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com).  It comes with 2 dipping sauces.  That seemed a little strange until I started dipping.  I liked the Thai, alot.Service was very good.  We were the only table outside for most of the time, but we got enough attention.There is an upstairs area that has views of the street below, but sadly no view of the water.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,10/1/2013,7,25,3,3,3>I've eaten here numerous times and it has proven itself to be one of my favorite places to eat. The Loaded Chicken Philly is absolutely amazing. The sweet tea is brewed to perfection every time. Their fries are crispy, light, and not oily. The wedgie sandwiches are unlike anything I've ever eaten. They are amazing. My favorites are the meatball, the chicken Philly, and the chicken club. I've never had the pizza although I've heard it's pretty decent. The atmosphere is good, not too loud, good outdoor seating, and good lighting. HD TV's abound inside buy not too intrusive.Service is decent. Most are friendly. Speed of food to table is mediocre. It takes time to make the wedgies so prepare for a bit of a wait. It takes, on average, about 15-20 min. to get food to the table.  Bathroom is usually clean which is great. There is a video game room for kids.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,9/30/2013,11,3,3,4,3>Bourbon and a haircut. What's not to like?While the booze and mixers from Cannonborough Beverage Company are a plus, what's made HCB my default barbershop is their knack for giving great haircuts. Yes, the atmosphere is great, but I've tried quite a few barbershops on the peninsula and Holy City Barber is by far the best. Every time I see Lynn I come out looking stylish but unpretentious with a bit of 1950's all-American flair for good measure. It's the best of all worlds: cheap, simple, and high quality.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/29/2013,24,92,3,7,4>The Pour House has such a special place in my heart. I've seen so many up and coming artists play here that are now GIANT such as bassnectar, emancipator, and big gigantic to name a few. I've also seen much smaller shows such as the quintessential toubab krewe 2 night run. This is the place to go in charleston for your smaller bands that the music farm doesn't suck the life out of and turn into a frat party. The staff here is A+ unlike the farm. Every staff member is respectful and also enjoying the music. Drinks are pretty cheap (esp the pbr tall boys) and water is left out in coolers so you don't have to flag down a bartender. The crowds here are a great mix and are people who are really there for the music-not to just be seen wearing neon clothing and throwing glow sticks (music farm cough cough). There is plenty of space to dance around, hang out at the bar, or chill out on the back patio. The back deck is the best part. Not only do they do live music back there (dead on the deck!!!!) but there is a bar and a lot of seating to rest your dancin feet! If I could give this place 10 stars I would. September seems to be their big money making month every year and as summer comes it lulls a little bit now that every band has to attend every music festival to be cool. The Pour House is the place to let your freak flag fly because no one could give a damn!! Soak in all it's awesomeness!!!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/27/2013,55,83,1,4,4>My fiance and I had a restaurant.com voucher for Nigel's, but every time we wanted to go it never seemed to be with us. Finally, we decided voucher be damned we were going to try some "good food." After eating here I'd say they should change the name to Nigel's Damn Good Food. It was comforting, that's for sure. As other people have stated, service is a wee bit slow. Having a toddler can make this a huge problem. Thank goodness for complimentary crayons and paper! My entire party ended up sharing a little bit of everything we had all ordered. Whiting Po Boy, Deviled Crab Cakes, and a Black and Blue Burger with Fried Green Tomato on top. It was all good.If you're having a rough day this is the place to stop by for dinner. Such was my case. I ended up leaving with a happy belly and a brighter disposition.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,9/26/2013,63,129,3,5,3>First went to the bar thinking we would eat there but the bartender was kind of inattentive so I asked the hostess if any seats available and we got lucky and got 2 seats at the Chef's table!  Our waitress was great and it was good seeing everything as it got cooked.I ordered the Wagyu Hanger Steak with brussell sprouts and rutabega and parsnip mash!  Outstanding.  The beef melted in my mouth and the sides paired perfectly with it.  My wife ordered the She Crab Soup and had an appetizer on one of the searing stones.  I think she must have gotten filled up on the soup as it was very rich and delicious with nice chunks of crab.  She was a little underwhelmed by meat but I ate anything she left which I loved.  Beautiful place and other than the downstairs bartender we could not have been handled better.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,9/25/2013,36,6,2,2,2>I love Two Boroughs Larder because they take simple, unexpected ingredients and turn them into something magical. The space is so cozy and the staff are so welcoming that you feel as if you should invite them over to dinner sometime. TBL is great because you can change the experience each time. You can order some amazing small plates to share and have a lovely evening on the cheap or you can go all out and order several courses and a bottle of wine for a big date night. And even though I hate menus with photos, I'm constantly checking their Instagram feed to see which new items I may want to try before I head in. My go-to order is their noodle bowl - with all the extras. Extra pork, kimchee, pickled mushrooms and make it spicy! The perfectly poached egg sitting atop the impeccably cooked noodles and aromatic broth is my favorite, it's like carefully unwrapping a tiny present each time I get to break it open. This bowl is my new go-to comfort food. And there's always enough to take home leftovers.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/24/2013,0,10,1,,1>While my daughter (who is a DC snob foodie) came to visit us for a week, I mentioned I read good things about The Grocery. She took my hint and made a reservation for us to have a meal. I was not disappointed--this place is very well thought out and the food is great!. We could not decide what to have so we started with the pickled veggies--great selection and some things I would not expect. The pickled green strawberries were "interesting". I would not try them again--more a textural issue with green strawberries than a flavor issue. We then started working our way through the small plates--wow some good items. Next we thought about the bouillabaisse, and order the "crispy pimento chess"--not what I expected. They were deep fried pimento--a taste explosion, they were great. The flavor and crunch was wonderful. Next we went back to the small plates and continued to sample. If we would have had more than the three of us, we may have tried them all. Then we could not resist the bouillabaisse--another hit. Oh and the cocktails hit the mark as well--I had the dark & stormy--they use their own ginger beer and Kraken spice rum--just a bit different than a goslings preferred D and S--really good. My daughter had a grapefruit celo based drink, very refreshing.They rolled us out of there and we would come back to continue to sample the menu. Not a big menu but done well. The service rivaled a DC restaurant at a third of the price.Worth the trip!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,9/23/2013,79,28,2,5,2>How did I get to be so lucky that I am 2 blocks from this perfect coffee shop? It is a perfect place to spend time morning, afternoon or early evening enjoying quality coffee and a snack. Not matter what I've ordered -- hot, cold, latte, espresso, tea, soda, savory, sweet (mostly sweet!) -- it is always good, but more importantly relaxing. The owners are good, dedicated people, and they have a great team. If you get a latte, you'll also get some nice art, often themed for the time of year, or holiday. :-) Nice touch.But all of this, the best part... their Black Julep -- espresso shaken over hand crushed ice with mint and local honey FTW!I'm addicted.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/22/2013,200,305,11,17,11>This studio makes me happy.  The interior is well done, clean, and relaxing. The classes offered range from beginner to intermediate, so there is something for all levels. I like the warm and hot classes they offer the best, as well as the morning sessions - the instructors are also very involved during the class, and walk around to help with form. I like this a LOT because I am just not very bendy, therefore some positions don't come that easily. The Yoga House is also very inexpensive, especially in comparison to some other hot yoga options available in town (cough:overpriced::cough::Bikram::cough). Ooo last and worth mentioning - I really like being able to schedule and pay online.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2013,9/21/2013,2,23,4,5,5>Been going to Tailgator's for 5+ years and it's not a bad stop if you are looking to relieve some stress after fighting I26/526/Clement's Ferry traffic. For me, it's simply a beer and wings spot with sports on their many TVs. The wings are cooked with an almost perfect crisp to them and Tailgator's offers a ton of different and delicious flavors. I haven't experienced many other menu choices than their wings, but from what I can tell, it's above average bar food (burgers, wraps, chicken, etc....). They seem to bring in a decent crowd, which is always a good sign.The one negative, which is a big one for me, is that smoking is still allowed indoors. I haven't been in a few months and perhaps that has changed (I know it's been discussed in the news i.e. smoking bans), but I find it tough to sit down for a few beers and wings while folks are smoking around me. Since my last visit, I noticed Tailgators built a deck out front, and maybe that's their smoking area now. With good food and decent pricing, Tailgators is definitely one of the best bars for the Clement's Ferry/Daniel Island/Hwy 41 area.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/20/2013,26,85,,5,3>The first time we came here, it was to just have a few drinks. Our experience was great as the bartender got creative and experimented with some new drinks that we were able to enjoy. There was a guy next to us who had ordered the mushroom bruschetta with truffle oil, and it smelled so good we decided to have dinner there later in the week. We were glad we did - the food was excellent. We ordered the bruschetta and tuna appetizers, along with the salmon and filet mignon. All were fresh and flavorful. This place is a strong four considering the quality of the food, decor, and rooftop bar - the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because every time I eat here I walk out feeling like I should have gotten a little more food for the money. All in all, highly recommended.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/19/2013,193,285,,3,3>Decent place for lunch time. They have a big outdoor area, so make sure to take advantage of it unless it's raining. Not sure if the menus are the same or not compared to the DIG on Daniel Island.Our server was pretty good overall, except for when I saw him take a smoke break around the corner. The interior when I walked in to use the restroom was a bit on the older side. They could use an update.As for the food, I ordered 6 wings and the chili. The flavor I picked for the wings was the sweet and spicy. It had a nice flavor and wasn't too spicy at all. Only thing with the wings were they were no jumbo size at all. They even said jumbo or some huge size on the menu and in no way were they anywhere close to being big. They should be labeled tiny. For the chili, it had a good spice and was very hearty. They added way too much sour cream. After I scooped out most of it, some of it mixed in was delicious.They offer a military discount. We were in our uniforms and he just gave it to us without asking, so that was cool.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,9/18/2013,110,35,4,7,3>I wouldn't go anywhere else in Charleston for Pho. Having lived in California for most of my life I have been spoiled by good Pho. This place does beat down those homesick cravings. They serve more than just Pho though. Look for the spring rolls and egg rolls. Yes they are two different things. All the noodle dishes are good and the rice dishes are decent. I would recommend that you try the Roasted Duck!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,9/17/2013,109,168,4,6,5>Okay, living in Charleston is cool and all, but finding a place that serves authentic coastal Central/South American food just doesn't happen easily. Finally I found a fantastic place that serves the most badass Guatemalan chicken. ALSO- they have arepas???? THIS CAN'T BE REAL LIFE. Perhaps its because I have unfulfilled goals of visiting my homeland, but I ordered strictly off the Colombian offerings. Also, their Bandeja Paisana (a traditional dish resembling a meat party from heaven) was perfect for someone who is indecisive and wants a little of everything. It had: sausage, chicken, steak, eggs, avocado, arepas (albeit a polly pocket sized one), plantains, rice, and beans. It was about $12, and made for fantastic leftovers (my boyfriend and I split the leftovers the next day for lunch and were left full again). Their horchata was perfect, and OH MY GOD their hot sauce was actually hot. Their hot sauce probably deserves its very own review, because it is basically the best sauce ever. I actually asked the server if they would sell me a bottle, but since they don't do that (it was a long shot, I know), she just gave me like 4 little containers full of it. She now owns my soul. On the ambience: pretty bare-bones. The place is sort of in an obscure location in North Charleston, far away from the typical downtown tourist/College of Charleston locales. The place is extremely unpretentious, which is actually quite nice. You know you are paying for the awesome food, not for the atmosphere, and it is totally worth it.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/16/2013,4,68,,9,3>I'm a bit biased, because I've been waiting for this place to open ever since it first became a gleam in one of the co-owner's eyes. I love a nicely pulled shot of espresso, and have been known to follow baristas around town when they move from one coffee house to another. I also am not shy about stopping in to say hello, or leave a BookCrossing book on a shelf, but not get a cuppa, if I don't know the barista pulling shots that day. Julie Simuang (the co-owner mentioned above) is a barista I'd happily accept an espresso from.  She and Laura Cannon have opened a really comfy little place on Chateau, just off of Montague, that gives North Charleston a cozy coffee house.I have to admit, though, for full disclosure, even though I know Julie can pull a helluva shot of espresso, that's not what I get when I go to the Spot. Instead, I get the signature beverage, an orange Thai iced tea "cha yen". Julie discovered this drink when she was in Thailand with the Peace Corps, and delights in sharing something that brings her joy with her customers. I get mine with almond milk, though the original is served with cream. It's the orange color of the tea that gives the place it's name. The house itself has several rooms and different types of seating, a book exchange shelf, and a quiet room in back Julie calls her nook. There's ample street parking and some outdoor seating, too. The coffee/espresso is from a little roaster called thirty-thirty and the shot Julie pulled for my extremely picky spouse was deemed really nice.  I somehow managed to get away without taking a picture of the menu. Sorry. But you can find/follow The Orange Spot on both facebook and twitter. Next time you're at Park Circle, check them out. (And if you're not at Park Circle frequently, drive on out, try the cha yen. Expand your horizons, and find your orange spot.)
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/15/2013,51,42,2,2,2>Wow wow wow!Bartender was super friendly, fried pickles were crunchy with some kick to them, solid beers selection (love that they have a lot of local ones on draft as well) LOVE LOVE LOVE the fact that its all fresh ingredients and that they have their own homemade mustard made from Coast Beer. I wasn't too fond of the homemade ketchup but that's just my opinion.  We both got 3 sliders each. The South Carolina and Gourmet were my favorites. The boyfriend loved the Hawaiian and added jalapeños. I'm a HUGE fan of their sister restaurant, Five Loaves and the people who own/run these two places  reeeeeally know what they're doing!! Keep it up!!!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/14/2013,29,117,3,3,4>Love this place!  Cozy inside... u can sit at the bar, in a booth, or outside.  Free wifi and good food, tvs, irish music.  Food is great and staff is excellent... i'm always impressed when someone recognizes me & remembers what i drink or usually eat when I walk in and I come here about once a month.They have breakfast brunch on Sundays until 2 pm with bloody mary specials.The Hangover burger which I hear is excellent is usually on special on the weekends.I love their chicken cesear salads and their  wings are always cooked just right.My favorite appetizer, spinach dip and chips, is about the best in town here, as wellas the homemade chips with shepherds pie dip poured on top.Just a short distance from Park Circle where I've discovered a new sport.. a disc golf course around the circle!  It's also a special place for me -n- my honey as we went here on our first dateand still enjoy coming here at least once a month 3 1/2 years later!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/13/2013,42,206,,4,4>Not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from, this truck is la bomba!  Maybe the folks are expecting TexMex, not authentic Mex.  I've had Mexican in Arizona and SoCal, this place is up there with them.  I've never had a bad meal here.  My husband, myself, daughter, and father can eat here for under $15.  We usually get a Quesadilla, a taco, and beans.  The husband has tried different things on the menu, which he's been happy with every time.  We've taken several people here at varying times and they all love it, each requesting to go back.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,9/12/2013,43,313,2,3,2>We stopped in last night for the free shag lessons and some shag dancing.  What a great place.  The lessons and music (DJ) are every Wednesday night I believe.  Both were terrific.  For a sports bar it had a really good menu and a wide selection of beer.  We just had salads which were very good and filling.  Everything on the menu was really reasonably priced.  As a sports a sports bar, it had a wide open feel with lots, yes, lots of large flat panel TVs.  This must be a GREAT place during football season.  We'll be back.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,9/11/2013,6,6,,3,2>Awesome place! Highly recommend for a quick lunch. Would be a solid five stars for me if the prices were a little lower. Three of us went for lunch and started with margaritas and the guacamole bowl. Huge guac portion! Margaritas are with fresh ingredients. I had the skinny pineapple infused margarita - so refreshing. We each had two tacos. Among them were the grilled fish (mahi), swordfish, sautéed shrimp, and the carnitas. There were no complaints at our table. Fresh ingredients, great flavors, and fast service. We will be back for sure!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,9/10/2013,9,63,,7,1>The Cooper River Bridge path is one mean run. The incline going uphill can reach 5%. However, you'll see some of the most breathtaking scenery in Charleston. Often, you'll see walkers, runners, and cyclers pushing the limits yet most are polite and courteous with sharing the path. Depending on the weather, it can be extremely windy. I usually wear a hat. I also bring the IPOD to drown out the traffic. Parking can be tricky and usually park near the gas station on the Mount Pleasant side. If you're afraid of heights, forget about it. I just love the peaceful scenery and how it takes my mind off of the killer work out I'm getting on my legs:) Fortunately, running downhill is quite fun and a relief!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,9/9/2013,183,717,,4,1>As good as it gets in Charleston, that is.  After just having bagels in NYC, I can honestly say this place is pretty close.  They even make their own cream cheese, lots to choose from.  I've never had a bagel sandwich, but the bagels alone are top notch.  They've got that kind of crispy/firm outside and a chewy inside.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,9/8/2013,89,265,2,6,2>I've got a fever! And the cure is more Nail Fever III!Ok, so that classic joke does not really translate to this. Forgive me SNL.  But it's a great nail salon. My mom and I got mani-pedis there and both of our technicians were skilled and friendly.  Nikki did my nails and she was great.  The place was clean and comfortable, good selection of colors as well.I'm giving it 5 stars for it's class - this is not a high-end nail "spa" or anything fancy at all.  But it gets the job done without breaking the bank and that is exactly what I wanted.To comment on the other review - yes, there is a strong smell of nail-related fumes but you get used to it quickly. Word to the wise - there is a 3% surcharge for Visa/MC purchases. It's pretty cheap overall though - $12 mani, $25 pedi, $35 for both.  Best price I've found in Charleston.  I'm going back, fo shizzzzzzzz.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,9/7/2013,94,197,4,4,4>Seriously the best mac and cheese I've ever had IN MY LIFE. And trust me, I've eaten a lot of a mac and cheese. A lot. I also love their mussels in the red curry sauce. A really awesome alternative to the usual white wine and garlic they usually come in (although they offer that too and it's equally delish). We've also gotten the Greek dip before, and were surprised at how good the hummus was. For some reason, I was expecting it to be really generic tasting, but it was actually really yummy. I don't do olives, but Becca said she loved the olive tapenade.I also love the gluten-free salted caramel chocolate cake. It was, in the words of my mother, "The Bomb." It was so yummy. I don't think I would've known it was gluten-free if they hadn't specified it on the menu. I loved that it was sweet without making me feel like I had diabetes by the second bite (I'm looking at you, Applebee's).
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/6/2013,52,77,5,6,2>Since everyone is always raving about how awesome the seafood is here, I felt the need to give props to my man--the pork chop. I've been eating at Dave's for about 2 years now, and it never disappoints. Whether it's 10 at night or for lunch, the food is awesome. I'm not a fan of seafood so my go-to menu item is the fried pork chop sandwich. It's that perfect combination of crunchy, greasy, and super tasty. Served with a side of fries and on two slices of white bread- it's simple but delicious. Just make sure you watch where you bite because this ain't no boneless chop.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,9/5/2013,112,325,,8,2>We went here last night and it was tasty! I had a fish taco and a vegetarian taco, both on corn tortillas. I'm not usually a huge fan of fish tacos, but I really liked this one a lot! I can see why it was named the best Fish Taco in Charleston. It had a light sauce on it, too. The vegetarian taco was also delicious, with beans and rice inside it, and mild taco sauce on the side (I did put a little of the sauce on my fish taco, too. My husband had a steak quesadilla, which wasn't enough food for him, so he went back up and ordered a fish taco to try- he really liked it too. We also shared the three dip sampler- the queso is quite delicious!! However, you do have to pay for the chips and dips here, unlike many Mexican/Taco restaurants. Also, there aren't too many places to park or eat inside, so you might want to get your food to go if possible. If you have a large group like 10-12 people, you'd probably take up the entire restaurant. The portions aren't super big either, so be prepared to order a good bit of food. We really liked it and would return.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,9/4/2013,12,60,,3,2>As a vegetarian, finding anything worth eating along the beach can be rough. While Ritas does NOT have an extensive selection of vegetarian options- the falafel burger is superior to most black bean veggie burgers comparable places offer- the kind that is clearly a frozen patty slapped on a bun with no extra effort. However, the falafel burger is a falafel patty with tsaziki sauce and red peppers, a nice change of pace. Also, I highly recommend the fries- a crucial component to any place that serves burgers. The person I was with got the burger that came with an egg on an english muffin and was also pleased with their meal- an happy they stepped out of their comfort zone. The menu isn't extensive but it's a got a few unique choices that allow one to have a bit more flair for a typical beach-side restaurant. It can be loud and crowded- but that's no fault of the establishment. We went an hour before closing on a Wednesday and it was still full! Despite that we didn't wait long for our orders to be taken or for the food to arrive.All in all though, the food was good enough that I would recommend it. It won't be a hugely stand out experience, but it will be satisfying and shouldn't leave you with any regrets.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,9/3/2013,10,97,,3,2>Many restaurants in this same location have failed, but I truly believe that if you make it fresh and keep it simple, the people will come.  For a Sunday night, there wasn't much of a crowd.  The waitress was friendly though, and the service was good.  We ordered the Baba Ghanoush and it was very good.  Then came the Greek salad add grilled lamb and the Fattoush Salad add Kofta.  The salad was super fresh and the meats tasted great.  We want to get the word out on this place, because it is somewhat tucked away.  If you're looking for Mediterranean fare downtown, please support this place!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,9/2/2013,1,25,,1,1>Can I give this restaurant more than 5 stars please??!!! My husband and I just moved from Chicago and nothing gets better than the food there, BUT this restaurant. WOW! My cousin treated us (which is nice b/c it is kinda pricey, thought worth every penny) to the tasting menu paired with wine. If I were to have a "last meal", this is what I would want. The food was beyond spectacular. Cooked so perfectly and with some great unique twists. We can't wait to get back there!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/1/2013,76,130,3,4,3>It took a couple of months of driving past Rutledge Cab Co. twice a day to finally stop in for lunch.  I asked around about it beforehand, received good recommendations, and was not disappointed.  I had a good feeling about it from the moment I walked in the door.  The hostess greeted me with a smile and all of the staff seemed happy to be there.  Naturally, I parked myself at the bar, and things only continued improved from there.  The bartender was exceptionally friendly and attentive.  I have to give her "mad props" because it was only her second day, and she was very helpful and knowledgeable.  If she didn't know the answer to a question, she was eager to find out was very sweet about it.  I was even given a little history lesson on the chef's background, and she gave me several educated recommendations from the menu, which was impressive for such a newbie.  She even gave me some of the extra Nutella milkshake that she made, so that is a big plus!Now to the food.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos, which quickly took their place pretty high up on top my list of fish tacos.  They were prepared with blackened mahi-mahi, a peach chutney, marinated cabbage, and a spicy avocado cilantro creme.  The fish was light and flaky, the cabbage crisp and refreshing, and the avocado cilantro creme pulled it all together with a cool yet spicy sensation..  The peach chutney added a slight sweetness to it, but I really had to work to taste find the peach flavor.  Regardless, the fish tacos were still fantastic. The french fries are more like potato wedges, so expect a thin and crispy outside with a dense flaky inside.  They had a mild spice to them, and were overall pretty good.  The dish also came with a small dish of pickled vegetables including green beans, carrots, cauliflower, okra, and cucumber (that makes it a pickle, right?).  These offered a nice tangy touch to the dish.  Over all, my meal was very satisfying.The Rutledge Cab Co. is a nice little oasis in the crosstown desert.  My experience there was stellar.  I was warned about large crowds and trouble parking, but I lucked out and was there at the perfect time.  I can't speak for other times of the day, but I will definitely return on a Tuesday or Wednesday for lunch, since that's when my bartender is working.*UPDATE*Yes, it does get better.  I've been going back every week and trying new things, and it gets better every time.  My last visit yesterday is the cream of the crop, but I will save the best for last.  Last week, I stopped by for breakfast.  I am a huge fan of Eggs Benedict (especially the Folly Benedict at the Lost Dog), and RCC has a BLT Benedict.  You've got the traditional English muffin on the bottom, but it is covered with wilted spinach, thick cut bacon, poached eggs, and a tomato hollandaise sauce.  It's a close tie with the Folly Benedict for the best benedict I've ever had.*Sad update... they changed the recipe, so this one isn't the same.Now for the dish that sealed the deal: the Beef Burger.  I would have gotten a picture, but I could not stop myself from diving into this meatstrocity and wearing the juices proudly all down my forearms.  You've got the usual 8oz. ground chuck patty, but it is topped with SHREDDED SIRLOIN!  On top of that is tempura fried poblano peppers, and it is all brought together with a smoked onion aioli.  Be warned, this is a messy burger, but wear its juices with pride!  There is so much flavor, it is a pleasant sensory overload.  I had to close my eyes and savor each bite.  I was there for an early lunch, so the chef had time to come out to check on my meal and make conversation.  I'm saving my 10/10 burger rating for the mythical burger that gives me a wet dream, but the Beef Burger successfully knocked every burger I have ever had a notch down the totem pole in one fell swoop.  Yes, it was that good.  And that is all I can say now, because I have to go get one right now!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,8/31/2013,197,496,3,5,3>The person who took the reservation definitely sounded stoned, and I live in a new development so made sure I gave her really clear directions so their driver didn't get lost if it didn't show up on their GPS.Was supposed to be picked up at 5:40 a.m....got a call at 5:00 a.m. because the driver couldn't find my development.  So yeah, going to ding them on their intake person, but I thought it was really nice that my driver, Rich, got up so early so he could find the place and be there on time.  So snaps on that.Their little Priuses (Priusi?) are clean and comfortable for a trip to the airport.  It was $40 one way which I thought was a little steep to go one way, 10 miles, but hell...saved me from driving or having my husband drive me, and wake up the baby, and blah blah blah you don't give a shit...all I am saying is that there is a price for convenience.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,8/30/2013,163,364,2,6,5>Its a neighborhood bar by night (with wine and beer)..and it's a neighborhood bar by morning as well (with coffee!). I was skeptical when hearing they'd be opening for coffee in the morning. The area doesn't get a ton of foot traffic and usually bar and coffee don't really mix.But it works, and unlike any coffee shop I've been. It feels like a bar (a chill neighborhood one, not Midtown). The barista holds court like your neighborhood friendly bartender, the regulars and customers sit at the bar and converse with each other, and the day I went, they had even live music! (At 9:30am!)Some things to know- the coffee is the pour over, sort of slow, gourmet, variety. You won't get your Starbucks quick to-go here. It's not gas station prices either. WiFi works, is fast, but there's not a ton of outlets and tables are small-- so it's not an amazing place to work, but if you like energy it isn't bad either. You'll probably meet some folks. If you're not really into coffee, and just use it as a way to get caffeinated, it might not be your spot either. But it's definitely a place to check out.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/29/2013,158,145,6,8,4>I've seen a few concerts here so far.  I much prefer to see bands in smaller, more intimate venues but I've thoroughly enjoyed the shows I've seen here.  The sound is really amazing.  It's crystal clear and I've sat there completely amazed that you can understand every word that's being sung.The only real negative for me is the highway robbery that happens when you get thirsty or hungry.  I recently went to the BNL concert and I can't remember how much the food was but I do remember paying $7 for a summer shandy and $7.50 for a frozen drink that was made with some rum I didn't recognize and couldn't even taste it in there.  Basically it was a watered-down smoothie.  Not that I ever would but I seriously regretted not smuggling in some mini-bottles.  But like I said, I'd never ever, ever (one more for good measure) do that...unless I had a big enough purse.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/28/2013,16,23,1,2,2>What a sweet little place!  I ordered coffee and the watermelon goat-cheese cheesecake, which was lovely.   The coffee comes out in a wee French press and is served in a teacup along with a biscotti.  The biscotti was a little heavy on the baking soda, unfortunately, but-On to the cheesecake!  Watermelon and goat cheese are a happy marriage indeed-  the sugary lightness of the watermelon was a lovely counterbalance to the thick creaminess of the goat cheese, and the crumb was so good I scraped every bit up.  It's a small portion, but the perfect size for a daytime indulgence: a little smaller than a (girlish) palm.  If you're with a friend, order two.  You might think you'll want to share, but you won't.They also gave me a handmade truffle after I paid my tab ($11 for a bunch of coffee & a tasty little cream-cake, pretty fair for a kinda fancy place, yeah?) but I forgot about the truffle until I was a few blocks away.  Whoops.  But what a fun, affectionate touch.I like to write in cafes, and the staff was sweet about my hanging around for several hours while I worked on my laptop.  This place would be perfect for a cozy lunch with friends.  Overall, Twenty-Six Divine is a whimsically executed family affair, and it is divine indeed.  I'll be back for more.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,8/27/2013,14,215,1,4,1>A solid 4 1/2 stars. Great addition to the upper King scene! The atmosphere is great. Nice open concept to the kitchen with a view of the brick oven and great spacious bar area. The restaurant is on the warm side because of the oven which will be great for the fall and winter months but was a bit uncomfortable in August. The food was great. We did the 4 for $40 option where the chef chooses our courses. We loved being surprised and it was great value for the money. Every course had two options and all were solid. The brick oven pizza was delicious and the chicken entree was flavorful. The only course that was slightly underwhelming was the dessert course. If they revamp that I think they'll have an A+ menu. And one note that may seem small but was appreciated is that they have two women's restrooms. Nice touch!It also looked like they are going to have an outdoor patio area but it wasn't open yet. Once it is, that will be an awesome option for seating all year long. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,8/26/2013,59,28,6,10,5>This place holds a special place in my heart because it's where I got engaged, but it really is a cool little spot!Let's state the obvious here, the tree is huge and amazing. It is really neat to see and touch something that has been around for so long. Do a little bit of research on the tree before you head out there, it makes the trip that much better.#1 reason it's awesome...it's free! There aren't many places in Charleston that are free. #2 reason it's awesome...there are picnic tables....that are FREE to use. Bring your family and some lunch in the spring. It's a great time! There a little shop where you can buy Angle Oak postcards, pictures and blankets. The stuff is pricey, but they are fun little souvenirs to have. Con: two words....porta potty - I HATE porta potties. They are all kind of gross in my opinion. So, tinkle before you get out here and save yourself some germs.Tip: In the spring, bring something to wipe off the benches if you plan on sitting down...they get COVERED in pollen. Oh, and take a Zyrtec...you will be glad you did!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2013,8/25/2013,34,62,7,3,4>The Shelter is a nice place, really, for nice people that seem to get along with one another. Unfortunately, I'm not a nice person and I tend to piss people off more than anything. I went to The Shelter after playing golf with some friends. Our server apparently was a friend of my friends, and recommended we order the Category 6 Hurricane. Great, I thought. I had no idea it would do to my brain what hurricane sandy did to the east coast. So I ordered it, and then some bourbon, and from there the rest of the night was a blur, but I do remember ordering the buffalo chicken dip, which was great if you like chicken pieces in cheese, grease, and buffalo sauce, which I do, and you should too. The clientele at The Shelter all seem to know each other, and one group decided to try and take our table before we were finished. Sadly for them, sitting down with us proved to be a mistake, as we all became abrasive to the point that they all just gave up trying and left. Not today, suckers. The Shelter gets 3 stars for being average, overly trendy (I mean, there's such thing as trying too hard, amirite?), and because the Catty 6 Hurricane caused us to walk down highway 17, nearly barefoot, in the dark, carrying solo cups that we eventually took into a restaurant to pour our beers in, and then we left with them. This was all at 8pm. Thanks, The Shelter.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/24/2013,31,20,2,6,2>Was surprised QSG (as we locals call it) didn't pop right up in a Yelp search for "lunch," cause while it is indeed a great place for a breakfast crepe (try the Daniel) or smoothie, it's an as-good-or-better lunch spot. Or dinner, for that matter, if your dinner tastes run to flavorful crepes (the Murray: yum) and hot sandwiches.Also, try their super-fresh made-to-order guacamole. QSG locally sources many ingredients, which definitely adds to the vibrancy of the flavors.Quick counter service, friendly people, seat yourself at indoor or outdoor tables. The only times QSG makes me sad is when I'm hungry and they're closed!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2013,8/23/2013,63,159,,5,4>Very small compared to the one downtown. Not too much produce variety. I was bummed that there weren't any strawberries or greens. I bought some peaches (about 15) for $10. There were some other vendors, including two food trucks. There was one table selling soaps, one selling bread, one selling art, and a couple others. We, of course, hit up Rio Bertolini's for some pasta and gelato to bring home.Very chill atmosphere. Two children playing music, not too many people, and less stressful than the one downtown. We will come to this one once in a while, but we definitely still prefer the one downtown (for now) due to more of a selection of produce.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/22/2013,35,30,,8,2>I ate lunch here today. I also ate here when it was Little Tokyo. The food was good then. Well the food now is even better. Much fresher  sushi. Everything was delicious.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,8/21/2013,6,31,1,1,1>Most people would consider Carter's a fine dining Restaurant, but you can go there dressed down & no one will think anything of it. I've eaten here many times for brunch, & dinner. I think they excel in their meats- steaks, & chops. I've only had two meals there that, for me, were just not up to par. Be prepared to be there a while, there's nothing quick about Carter's. Most meals, regardless of time of day take at least an hour, sometimes up to 2 hours. The servers are some of the best in the Charleston area, with little staff turn over. I would give it a 5, but there's been a couple of visits that were lackluster. Skip the Alabama caviar, & mussels. The Filet of Beef &  Lamb Chops are the stars of the menu! Try the Fried Chicken at Brunch!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,8/20/2013,2,18,2,2,2>I went here for New Year's Eve dinner.  It's in a strip mall, so it may seem a bit unassuming.  However, inside, the atmosphere lends itself to a romantic but relaxed dinner.  I loved dining here.  The food and wine were both excellent.  My friend and I stayed until after the restaurant was officially closed.  Our waitress was very polite about it - she came by the table, asked us if we wanted anything else from the kitchen because it was about to close, but welcomed us to stay longer and get drinks from the bar.Wonderful experience.  I will be back.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,8/19/2013,32,79,2,2,2>I booked a reservation, got the most perfect table in the back corner that was ready for us even though we got there a little early.  The waitress was super impressive with her knowledge.  The food was beyond insanely good.  The atmosphere was chill, not too loud, but nearly as snobby as you would think.  I would literally have had no complaints, except....One in my party ordered a drink with dessert.  The bar was backed up, so when he didn't get it until after we had finished our desserts and were ready to pay, he, in a friendly way, requested he no longer wanted it because we had already finished and didn't want everyone to have to wait on just him to finish a drink, the waitress got really attitud-y.  Prior to that, she had been phenomenal - she was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, was super attentive, and great.  But she literally didn't say anything else to us after my friend requested to have the drink taken off.  We knew the bar was busy and it wasn't her fault.  We didn't get mad at her or complain.  And our tab was still really high (appetizers, entrees, shared sides, desserts, and drinks throughout for five people!) even without it.  She dropped the bill off, took the card, and dropped the one needing signed off at the table without once ever saying another word to us.  Not cool.But, besides that - it really was phenomenal!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,8/18/2013,19,118,3,5,4>When it comes to "The MACINTOSH" I feel like we were late to the party.   If you're looking for anything remotely related to an "apple" to link the restaurant to its name, don't bother.  There aren't any kitschy menu items or drinks associated with an apple, which I found to be refreshing. Although oddly enough the restaurant opened the day that Steve Jobs died (how eerie is that...) the reference to Macintosh comes from an alleyway that used to be a few blocks away. As our server described, "The owners wanted to keep a historical reference to the neighborhood, hence the name." Upon entering I was surprised how warm and inviting this shot-gun styled restaurant was.  Low lighting and a great "buzz" from the clientele instantly made us believe we had chosen the right place.I don't know what type of training the servers went through but I can say our server was incredible.  Not only could he describe in detail every menu item on the menu (which he almost did), but he was great at making suggestions along the way. After his introductions we were served warm sourdough bread with soft, sweet butter. It was terrific.  I was a tad disappointed that the "ice water" first poured when we sat down was lacking any ice and was actually quite warm.  This was one of the only hiccup's along the way. Three of us chose appetizers. Although I personally would be happy if I never saw another "Pork Belly" reference on any menu in Charleston, my husband chose the Hot and Sour Pork Belly Soup.  As the soup was delivered it was poured over the Pork Belly, Kimchee, Shitake Mushroom, Bok Choy and Carolina Gold Rice Grits combo.  This was done to ensure that the items remained crisp.  What a great touch!  My husband now has a new favorite soup. The Kurios Farms Bibb Lettuce was a beautiful bright green color and it mixed with a light combination of Tatsoi, Candied Sweet Potatoes, Pecans and a Guanciale (Unsmoked Italian bacon prepared with pig's jowls or cheeks - who knew?) Vinaigrette. This was a hands down winner.I went on the edge a bit and ordered the Spicy Lamb Sausage.  I'm not a big lamb fan (the first flag I should have seen), but the server spoke so highly of it, that I had to give it a try.The sausage was served with a Crispy Polenta that was crispy on the outside and soft and warm in the middle.  It was simply, terrific.  What appeared to me to be similar to a succotash - Field peas, San Marzano Tomatoes and Fennel was bursting with flavors and the peas were cooked just right.  The star of the show, the sausage was barely warm though and a tad gamey tasting.  Our server stopped by to see how we liked our appetizers and said, "The aroma from this table is captivating."  Who talks like that?  I felt like this guy was at times a walking Roget's Thesaurus... I didn't know what adjective or combination of adjectives he'd use next.  It was quite entertaining.I asked to have the sausage warmed up and our server quickly obliged.  The sausage then went into "Sausage Purgatory" and I didn't see it for quite some time.  Long enough that the other appetizers had been finished by the time I got the sausage back.  It was much better when it returned, but still not my cup of tea, and it too way too long to be reheated. Lesson learned.Our entrees though, were beyond perfect. The Grilled Deckle was cooked perfectly and the Pole Beans, Greens, Oyster Mushrooms and Fingerling Potatoes were almost fought over.  The highly recommended Harris Ranch Braised Short Rib was stellar.  The accompanying ragout of carrots, beets, onions, sunchokes and potato puree was something that my husband could not stop talking about. Two of us ordered the appetizer size Housemade Ricotta Gnudi as our entree. Unlike Gnocchi, it's stuffed with Ricotta cheese versus potato and the dish was velvety smooth.  The sampling of mushrooms, arugula, bacon and Pecorino that accompanied the dish was also to die for.  I would also add that we ordered the "Mac" Potatoes for the table to share. These were mashed potatoes mixed with two "aromatic" Italian cheeses.  They were interesting, but not great. There is really no need to supplement any entrée at The MACINTOSH, they are that good.Although I didn't think a
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,8/17/2013,12,41,3,4,3>Great unique burgers, ground in-house, which is nice. They also have ping pong tables, which are fun while you're waiting for your burger. That being said--you might wait awhile. We've only been here a couple of times, but each time the wait for the burgers seems a bit long. Also, beware, the burgers don't come with any sides, you have to order them separately, starting at $3 apiece, as other people have mentioned. The root beer beet salad is awesome---arugula, goat cheese....delicious. If you are a burger fan, you won't be sorry you ate here.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,8/16/2013,67,240,,3,3>Lost Dog Cafe, I foresee myself spending plenty of time on your awesome porch and dog photo lined booths over the next year. Lost Dog Cafe offers everything you could ever want in a beach brunch/lunch spot, and even moreso in a brunch/lunch spot offered anywhere. Yes, anywhere. Ultimately, it's just even more awesome since it's that much closer to the sand and surf. Phenomenal huge front porch where you can enjoy your food? Check. Bottomless mimosas (in mason jars nonetheless)? Check. Great, freshly prepared food? Check. (I had the huevos rancheros and they were simply amazing) Friendly staff? Check. On the ball coffee refills? Check. Draft brews? Check. You get the point. Plus as the icing on the cake, the walls and support beams are adorned with framed photos of dogs and dog related quotes.  Dog friendly? I would say so. Oh you're a cat person? Well, that's a shame. BUT I did notice a few pics of cats on the walls as well, so I think you could swing it. If you are anywhere near the Folly Beach area, this is clearly your go-to brunch spot. Thus, expect long wait times on weekends and during the peak season. But it's worth it. I guarantee it.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,8/15/2013,85,48,3,3,4>Sunday funday!!!!!!! One of my favorite spots for Sunday brunch. Honestly, I've only been there a handful of times not on a Sunday. I love the brunch... Omelets ate huge and delicious. Fish tacos great. The pork egg rolls (forget name) are sooooo yummy. Eating outside surrounded by couches, Cornhole, great staff. 1 dollar mimosas are a big plus too!!!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,8/14/2013,6,11,2,10,4>I've been a Chef Ken Vedrinski fan for quite some time and I've been fortunate enough to dine on his cuisine when he was at the Woodlands, Sienna (a restaurant I still mourn the closing of) and at his other current establishment, Trattoria Lucca. Since he opened Coda del Pesce on the front beach of Isle of Palms a few months ago it's been at the top of my "must try" list. Thankfully my lofty expectations were far surpassed and my patience rewarded on my first visit this past Saturday night.The restaurant is beautiful with floor to ceiling windows running across the entire length of the back wall, providing a great view of the Atlantic Ocean from any table. There is a nice deck off the back of Coda del Pesce for al fresco dining as well. The service was impeccable, friendly and informative. Our server went out of his way to answer any questions about the menu, make recommendations and to let us know all about each dish and the local ingredients of which they were comprised. The menu, which changes with the seasons and what's currently available, is divided into four sections: Antipasta, Primi, Secondi and Dolce and you're encouraged to partake in a four course meal. My dining companion and I decided to go "family style" and share the antipasta, primi and dolce courses, while opting for our own secondi course. What followed was one of the greatest dining experiences of my life.We started with the Crudo di Pesce (Black Sea Bass preserved with Lemon, Celery and Calabrese Chili). The flavors of the marinade were front and center without overpowering the thin strips of raw bass. It's easy to see why Chef Vedrinski is known for his crudo, a staple at Trattoria Lucca. Our next course was the Paccheri with Duck Sausage and Grandma Volpe Tomato Sugo. I can't say enough great things about this dish. The Paccheri was al dente, the duck sausage was amazing but Chef Vedrinski's grandmother's sauce was the culinary equivalent of a religious experience. I thought I could make sauce but next to that Tomato Sugo, I'm just a child coloring outside the lines with crayons while thinking I'm an accomplished artist. For my secondi course I chose a Stripped Bass with Potatoes, Asparagus and Pesto. The bass was seared to an outer crispy perfection while the inside remained moist and delicate. The accompanying vegetables complimented the fish instead just being "additions" to the plate and it was all tied together with a mind-blowing pesto. Like the tomato sauce, I can't say enough great things about the pesto. It's easily the best I've ever had and our server said on occasion it's featured with one of the pasta dishes. That is something I'll be back to try in the future without question. For the final course we chose the Housemade Gelato & Sorbetto Tasting and it was a lovely way to end a fantastic meal on a warm and muggy evening. Out of the five selections we received the clear standout was the Peach Gelato. As the only Italian seafood restaurant in the area, if not the state, Chef Vedrinski addressed a void in Charleston's culinary scene in the best way possible. At Trattoria Lucca he garnered much praise and was a James Beard Foundation semi-finalist for "Best New Restaurant" in the nation. I won't be shocked to see Coda del Pesce earn the same accolades as it now enters the ranks of my favorite places to eat in Charleston.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,8/13/2013,22,7,2,4,2>Let me start off by saying not only will I be back again and again, but I will recommend Melvin's without hesitation or fear of anyone being let down by what Melvin's has to offer. I moved to Charleston about 15 years ago. My family and I have been frequenting Melvin's BBQ ever since due to the fact of their consistency and great food. I always want to try the rest of the menu when I go but often find myself back and forth between the 1/4 lb jalapeño bacon cheese burger and the Big Joe BBQ sandwich basket always accompanied by a chocolate milk shake because I have no will power to ever turn down the shake. The burger is delicious. That's all I can really say. The secret BBQ golden sauce, habanero and old hickory red sauce are all amazing depends on which one you are in the mood for. Basket combos are served with steak fries and a giant fried onion.TL;DR (sum it all up) Amazing bacon cheese burgersBest BBQ in South Carolina All trimmings are great. Really enjoy the hash and rice. Great southern foodGO!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/12/2013,10,16,2,5,4>Stopped in today for a to-go sandwich and was not disappointed by the food or the super friendly service. If you want to sit awhile there is plenty of seating and service is quick enough that if you're in a rush to get to the office you won't be waiting too long.  The menu includes a nice variety soups, salads, and sandwiches with gluten free wrap and bread options available upon request.As a local girl, I super finicky about sweet tea--what southern girl isn't--and this was the disappointing part of the meal.  Although fresh, the tea tasted as if it was getting ready to go bad and it could have been just a touch sweeter.  Thankfully, they were kind enough to let me get something else to drink.Due to the fabulous pastrami on rye melt with a decent serving of meat, deli mustard, and cheese, this will be a place to visit again.  Maybe I'll even try the tea again.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,8/11/2013,91,178,4,4,5>First, you need to try to ignore the pretentious looks to this place. This is authentic island homestyle cooking, but it's very quiet and the decor is so club med, all that is missing is the middle-aged creepers with dress shirts unbuttoned. So make your order on the phone and pick up. They rotate the menu daily and have a vegetarian special of the day as well! YAY ME! The 2 times I have been here it was the same: tofu jerk ribs. The flavors are spot on, and I especially love the slaw and the plantains, it was all a great mix of sweet and tangy. I did not like the HUGE amount of rice, which was dry, and vaguely sweet, so second time in I asked for the slaw to substitute it.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,8/10/2013,76,127,,3,2>I have been meaning to try this place for a while and finally went for lunch today. I was extremely impressed with the service and the food was incredible. I had a meat pie (because I heard they were delicious - and it was) and the pulled chicken sandwich. I must say, this sandwich ranks up there with some of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life. Will definitely be back!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/9/2013,2,12,1,1,1>AMAZING!! This was our first time eating at Fuel and we WILL come back! We had queso w/chips for our starter mmmm and the serve w/ warm tortillas...nice touch.  Hubs had jerk chicken sandwich, he said fantastic! I had chicken tacos w/ island rice, superb! Amazing spices, great atmosphere, fuel is a must go to place in Charleston
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,8/8/2013,61,33,1,2,2>Three Little Birds is a wonderful spot to grab breakfast or a delicious lunch. Seating can be limited though so don't go on a weekend if you are in a hurry - there may be a wait, though never too long. Food is mostly local and all really fresh! I always go for breakfast but the smoothies and lunches are great too! Fun casual dinning and kid friendly with crayons and butcher paper table mats.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/7/2013,94,147,,6,2>Had the Chopped Salad. It was amazing.Service was amazing as always. I asked the server, Melissa for a water without ice & she remembered which is rare in most places. I ordered the chopped salad which came out promptly & was delicious. The dressing was decadent and just enough. It was already tossed which I loved & with every bite I was crunching into fresh ingredients like carrots, cucumbers, apples, toasted almonds, celery, bell peppers, argula, cabbage, &  creamy crumbles of goat cheese. You can really taste the freshness. Based off of the cuts and sizes & taste of the veggies, they hand cut them right before they were served for ultimate freshness. I was skeptical of the Mustard Vinaigrette dressing since I dislike mustard, but knowing this chef's work, I went out on a limb. I was not disappointing!Atmosphere:Folk Blues playing, doors open letting in the warm peaceful Charleston breeze, people murmuring about how good their food taste.I can't wait to come back to try their special, Lamb Chop with a side of couscous & Peruvian lima beans with a small salad. MMm.. So many healthy yummy options here!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/6/2013,54,164,1,7,4>This place is absolutely legit Jersey-style pizza.  It's not Brooklyn/NY style, it's Jersey style.  This is what I grew up eating, and I've been without it for since I moved to Philly for college.  I've been to about a dozen pizza places in the Charleston area so far, and none of them are even close to how good this pizza is.We spoke to the guy that runs the joint, and he's from Red Bank, a few towns north of where I grew up, and they even have a couple locations still in the Monmouth County area, in Little Silver and Middletown, I think.The pizza has the right sauce, the right cheese, the right crust.  Do yourself a favor - skip Andolini's and all the other crappy pizza joints in the area, and go eat this.  You'll learn what REAL pizza is.Oh, their antipasto salad is pretty legit, too, though I could have gone for a bit less prosciutto and more roasted veggies.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,8/5/2013,72,74,,4,3>This place would've earned 5 stars, had there not been a piece of plastic in my date's chicken club taco.Let me explain. We came here on a Friday night around 6:00 and had no trouble getting a table on the patio. We started with the dip sampler (salsa, queso, and guac) and mmm, I loved the guacamole! We each had a margarita as well. I forgot to try his, but the blueberry margarita is definitely something I'd get again!As for the meals, we both got the $8.99 combo with 2 tacos and a side. The blackened mahi taco was a bit too spicy for my liking but the shrimp was amazing with the perfect crunchiness and a great tangy sauce! If you don't try it, I just don't know what you were thinking...! The Mexican street corn was yummy as well. I cut it off the cob, as it'd be super messy to eat as is. Do you have to request it off the cob?On to the other meal...my date thought the the carnitas and california club taco were pretty good, though the same can't be said for the several inches of plastic wrap he bit into. He showed it to our waitress (not complaining, just letting them know what's up with their food), who immediately acknowledged that it wasn't okay and apologized. A manager came to speak with us and briefly explained how they prepare the chicken (something about wrapping it in plastic and cutting it whole, I think) and offered to get him a different taco (he declined). We weren't upset, as both of us have worked in food/bev for years (as service, kitchen, and management) and understand that things happen. We continued to finish our meals and our server again apologized and said she had the manager take care of it. Well, he KIND OF did. You see, he did in fact take the chicken club taco off the bill, but that didn't add up as a la carte prices are slightly more so instead of paying $8.99 for 2 tacos and a side, we were now paying $3.99 for 1 taco and $2.50 for a side. The value of the missing taco was another $3.99...so yes, while our check seemed lower in price it's not equal. Either take an extra side off or comp my date's meal (which would probably have been done if we were jerks about it - that's just not our style).Do you see how we paid $1.50 more than we should have? Not the biggest deal in the world, but that doesn't seem right. I forgive the mistake. However, no one wants to eat food with plastic in it and then overpay. Ultimately, I want to come back...I loved my food and drinks a lot, our server was great, and sitting outside on Sullivan's and going for a beach walk afterwards is great. Just be careful what you chew.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,8/4/2013,24,86,,7,3>So after retiring from the Army in February and eating all this great Suthern food, I felt the need to resume my fitness regime, however the typical gym did not appeal to me. My daughter and I found this place by chance when we had the dogs groomed next door (see review). We used a free pass for 1 session and I was hooked.The What: 9 rounds of cardio, boxing, core, kicking ect...you can jump in at any of the 9 stations and begin literally minutes after you arrive. The rounds are 3 minutes long with 30 seconds in between in which the trainers keep you moving and motivated doing various exercises. The 3 minutes are scored by a buzzer system with green, yellow (30 sec left) and red to end the round. Let me tell you 3 minutes is an eternity when jumping rope.....you then on 4 of the stations don your personal boxing gloves and go at it for the round, what a release! What I really like is there are no primping, preening, prissy, roided out grunty people (you know the ones) it is come as you are and beat the bag!!! One of the best total body workouts I have experienced, the trainers are super nice and push you. One of the best gym/workout facilities I have experienced.Cost: Initial boxing gloves and wraps about $29, the month to month is depending on your payment option around $50-$59There also is a location in West Ashley you can use
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,8/3/2013,80,111,2,12,5>Meredith recently just moved into her new hair salon in the Belle Hall Shopping Center between CVS Pharmacy and Wells Fargo.  Sola Salons which just opened at the beginning of July features numerous personally owned booths...Meredity and Kristy are located in Alpha 9, one of four double units within the building.  The hair service for both men and women have rave reviews (a lot of my girl friends go and see her). The shampoo and neck/head rub is my favorite part...go see her, she'll treat you well!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,8/2/2013,8,63,1,4,5>THEY ACTUALLY SERVE WOOD FIRED PIZZAS, ENOUGH SAID! Ok, I will add more to this review so that my integrity as a Yelp reviewer will not be called into question. EVO Pizzeria is a trendy restaurant that could appeal to anyone in the Charleston area. This hip restaurant has some of the most intricate pizzas that I have ever seen. I can pretty much say that I had the pleasure of trying all their pizzas and all of them are exquisite. My personal favorite is the Sausage and Fresno Chili pizza. The sausage on this pizza is not over powering and the chili really gives the pizza an extra zing. Although, I will admit that the pizza would have been more scrumptious with bacon on it. But again, that is just my personal opinion. Despite this request, I still think the Sausage and Fresno Chili pizza is the best pizza in this joint. Just a random food for thought:I have heard that EVO Pizzeria uses local vegetables from the Charleston area, which obviously results in a better quality pizza. (Take that Little Caesars!) Now to the restaurant as a whole, I will admit their customer service is not bad. They are extremely friendly and always helpful during your dining experience. I did arrive early once and I had to sit in my car until they opened. This in turn made me feel kind of like a stalker but of course it was my own fault for not checking the restaurant's hours of operation. Either way, I have always had a pleasurable experience at EVO Pizzeria. Their quality of service coupled with their quality of pizza will always leave a remarkable impression on any customer.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/1/2013,283,570,5,6,6>Get up! Stand up!Ever since the first time that I saw someone on a stand up paddleboard I have been wanting to give it a try. Then after hearing that it wasn't as hard as surfing and could accommodate a big boy like myself I just knew I had to do it. But I was still skeptical if I could do it or not since I didn't know the first thing about riding a SUP.Over and over again I tinkered with the idea of buying a SUP and giving it a try; but those boards are much too expensive to purchase (even used) to just see if I would like it. What was I going to do? How would I get to try out paddle boarding to see if I really did like it? Lucky for me there is Charleston SUP Safaris that offers 2-hour tours, lessons, and SUP rentals. And double-lucky for me Living Social had a deal where I could buy a 2-hour SUP Safari for 1/2 price back in December.Come the beginning of May I still had not used the Living Social deal I purchased back in December and it was going to expire at the end of the month. Anyway I picked up the phone and called Charleston SUP Safaris to make an appointment for the 2-hour safari and explained that I was a big boy and didn't know if they could accommodate me, but the young girl we spoke with was super cool and said they had different size boards that would hold anybody. So I made the appointment for a 9AM morning safari and it was on.Come the morning of our safari we got to the shop where we were greeted by Big John who friendly and explained the whole process of what we could expect on our safari. After filling out the liability paperwork John took us out back to get fitted with life jackets (AKA PFDs) and to introduce us to Eric who would be our instructor and guide on our morning Folly River Safari.After getting our PFDs on Eric walked us down next to the Folly River where he gave us a quick 15 minute lesson on safety, how to paddle, how to recover, and the basics of paddle boarding. I asked about balance on the board and Eric explained that balance on the board wasn't hard and that falling off a few times would be ok, as that was a "fun factor" to SUPing. Then he took us down to the river where we boarded our SUPs and we were on our way. Right after we took off I was the first to experience the "fun factor" of falling off my board; which really wasn't so bad and using the tips that Eric gave while still on dry land I was able to make a very quick recovery and never fell off the board again after that. About 1/2 way through our tour Eric had us pull over to the side of the river to an oyster bed where we took a water break and Eric gave us a lesson the ecosystem of the river which we enjoyed. Then it was back to the ramp to finish an amazing SUP Safari.Big kudos to both Eric and John for everything. John was great at helping us at the shop and Eric did a great job as our tour guide down the Folly River.After this experience I now want my own SUP more than ever! SUPing is a great sport; it's fun and it will give you a good workout in the process.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,7/31/2013,14,4,5,6,4>I've written other positive reviews about waxing places, but I didn't know what I was missing until Sweet 185. As an avid 'hard' waxer for four years, I was intrigued by the sugaring technique and decided to try it out. Upon entering Sweet, the receptionist was warm, friendly and immediately put me at ease. The front shop is beyond adorable; their all-natural products are nestled into tiny nooks around the shop. While I filled out my client form, I sipped citrus flavored water and lounged in an overstuffed chair.I was relieved to find that the sugaring room itself was completely private (and mention impeccably decorated). I've been in other waxing salons where the walls do not touch the ceiling, ensuring that anyone can hear your entire waxing session and vise versa. Sweet gives you a linen privacy skirt to put on before your treatment. While I'm not in any way prudish, the privacy skirt allowed me to completely relax and allow my girl to do what she had to do without me having to worry about it. Other salons have had me completely spread eagle and some actually had me actively 'help' with the waxing process. I always found this off-putting at other salons as I don't believe bikini waxing should be approached as a team sport.The sugaring itself was so much easier on my lady parts than hard wax. Each client gets a new ball of sugar that is used for the whole treatment. The ball itself is cool to the touch and while other brands of wax claim to "not pull on skin" sugaring actually doesn't. The waxing is continuous; pulling a small amount out at each time which makes the entire process faster than normal waxing (you'll never feel anxious right before they 'pull' ever again). My girl was so hilarious and fun to talk to, the whole process passed very quickly. After the treatment, I bought some delicious body lotion to pamper myself in between my sugaring appointments. To my delight Sweet also threw in a natural sea sponge for me to try at no charge!Sweet 185 is the best at what they do and I can't imagine going anywhere else in Charleston.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/30/2013,23,272,2,3,3>I'm surprised to be even saying this but I returned after a short 8 days after my brunch visit. I had the Big Nasty, gravy on the side, and a chocolate pudding to go. Get the gravy separate so that your chicken stays crisp. Chicken breast was perfect, biscuit was just right. The chocolate pudding to go was supposed to get taken to work but I polished it off on site. I went during lunch time and was seated immediately. Who knew this would turn out to a be a 5 star place?
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,7/29/2013,68,163,4,4,4>High quality coffee for people who enjoy the natural flavors of coffee. The pour-over is their specialty; served hot but not scalding, so that you can actually taste the coffee without burning off a layer of taste buds in the process. They do have ready-made for people who can't possibly wait, but you're really missing out if you don't, at least once, allow the few extra minutes for an individual pour-over. I've been a recreational wine taster for several years; this was the first time I ever experienced coffee in nearly the same way. It wasn't like I went in with the intention of "tasting" my coffee; I was just hoping for a better than average cup of joe. Then I had my first sip. Like Snoop, "I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down..." This may seem overly dramatic, but I could literally (nod to Dana D.) taste layer upon layer of flavors, and even discern different textures within the mixture of water and coffee bean oils. It was nearly psychedelic. It was definitely revelatory.Aside from the coffee, they also offer a small selection of artisan breakfast and lunch options. I had a tasty mushroom and spinach omelette the last time I was there. Haven't been for lunch yet, but looking forward to checking that out soon.The atmosphere definitely has a hipster feel, and the folks that work there are coffee nerds -- but they are genuine about their love of coffee, and have always been friendly and courteous when I'm there.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,7/27/2013,86,456,3,3,4>Rita is fantastic! The bar plays host to several different, very diverse crowds. Thursday she makes the best wings in town! They have a great beer selection and host several great drag shows. Check her out on FB for the festivities. I've spent many a night and by now several thousand dollars in the joint. I can't believe I've never reviewed it! Rita's has been a fun, local institution for more years than I want to recall and that will start to show my age!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/26/2013,57,64,,3,2>Fabulous service! Hosted a baby shower (party of 20) in the upstairs area of the restaurant today. The staff was all super super friendly and very very patient and helpful with our large party. They never made us feel hurried even though we were running behind, even helped me decorate a little and coordinated a custom cake through a local bakery. I can't say enough about the staff, what a wonderful team.The food was really great. I had the chicken and waffles and the waffle was very tasty and the pecan honey butter was to die for!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,7/25/2013,60,163,3,5,3>I've been here a few times for a late lunch so its always been kinda dead, so I've never had to wait for a table or for service.  It's a really divey bar that happens to serve some de-lic-ous pub food.  The atmosphere is reminiscent of someones really cool man-cave basement that has a huge bar.  There are taxidermy animal heads on the wall and a smattering of arcade games.  I prefer to eat outside on their patio if possible. I'm sorry to say that I've never had the Duck Club and have always defaulted to the Smoked Chicken Salad BLT,  which is no less calorie dense than the Duck Club, I'm sure.  This is no hum-drum sandwich.  I dream about this chicken salad sometimes, no joke.  One time when I was trying to eat healthier I got the Santa Fe Salad, which was surprisingly awesome for a bar.  I always, no matter what, get the duck fat fries with the garlic aioli.  Fried fat and creamy fat = nom arghnom nooommm.  One basket of fries is really enough for two people so be aware of this when ordering.  I've heard they are contemplating opening a second location in a place that really needs it....Jennifer, please, please, please make that North Charleston or Goose Creek... we are dying up here without duck fat fries!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,7/24/2013,55,83,3,4,2>Several occasions have come and gone since I moved to Charleston where I have wanted to visit the Tin Roof but missed out for whatever reason. I finally went a few nights ago to see Burnt Books and Whores perform. Every thing online said that music started at 8 p.m. It started at 10 p.m. That was a little annoying seeing as I drove over a half hour to get there. I decided to partake in a beverage to make the wait a little more tolerable. I was happy to see they had Holy City Brewing on tap. Not just the Pluff Mudd Porter like most local places, but also the Collision Stout. It was $6! A little pricy. I guess if you aren't a PBR swilling hipster you're S.O.L. on beer prices.The place is definitely a dive. It has a nice intimate feel which makes it fun when the music starts. At least I thought so. The crowd there at the time was some of the most unmoved people I have ever witnessed at a music show. The crowd definitely had a pretentious air to it(and a cloud of B.O. I left with in my clothes).I'm a huge music fan, and these little negatives didn't really ruin the place for me. I would never go there just for the bar, but I will definitely return when more good music rolls through. That's the kind of place where you see bands and things you won't see anywhere else. You'll see bands on the way to making it big.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/23/2013,189,309,3,8,8>Unbelievable!!!!  I am staying at the Hope Lodge which is provided by the American Cancer Society.  The people here are very kind and I am still in disbelief about staying one block from MUSC as my father goes through cancer treatments.  We waited approximately two weeks to get into the location; however, the wait is well worth it.  I want to make this clear...FREE.  All those donations which people around the globe make, go to this type of funding in ardition to research.  The Hope Lodge is actually 4 buildings which has approximately 16 rooms guest rooms.  One caregiver and a patient can stay for as long as it is needed for the patient to recover.  There are volunteers which make food daily(I am told the sign up list to feed us is packed 6 weeks out there are so many people that want to help), refrigerators and pantries for each room.  This place is similar to a hotel with one paid employee always on staff; however, no maid comes and cleans your room.  It is more like an extended stay with a main dinning room, kitchen, conference room, and more.  You need to set it up through the MUSC Hollins Cancer Center or you can contact the national ACS number.  Sundi and Lauren are managers here and are two of the sweetest women I have ever met...THANK YOU!  All the people here, staff and guests alike, are so sweet and kind.  It is truly an amazing place which has changed my fathers stress level and allowed him to concentrate on getting better.   However, Hope Lodge is about soooo much more than a free place to stay.  It is a family of caring people who come together to share Hope in fighting a horrible disease which we will one day beat! Although this lodge gives us shelter, food, concierge, and ammenities, it gives us so much more; it gives us HOPE!   Call me korny, but this is exactly what it has done for us so far...5 weeks left...fingers crossed!   I hope I can do half of what these people do for us.  This place has shown me how much people can do for others and has inspired me to get into Hospital Managment...Masters in Public Health, here I come!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/22/2013,24,92,1,10,8>I'm shocked this place gets bad reviews. and I see a general theme from them so let me clarify a few things. You order at the counter. There are no servers. Once you order you sit down. Almost all the seating is family style community tables. There are smaller ones you can fill up if you are like a party of 5. If you are not comfortable with this style then I do not recommend this place to you.  Me? I love it. I've shared a table on the drunk late night with people and had a great time. The food: it's pricey but it is all worth it. Everything is fresh and local. They even bake their own bread which is soooo tasty that local restaurants such as The Macintosh buy their burger buns and dinner bread from them. Their homemade pickle veggies are the best in town hands down. They are full of flavor and aren't just pure vinegar when you bite into them (cough cough rutledge cab). The people that work here enjoy food and love what they do and that's what I love. I recently made a pact with my boyfriend that we would stop paying for crappy food from crappy restaurants that don't give a sh*t about what they sell or cook. Butcher and Bee provides the freshest and best of the best. I literally recommend everything on the menu but my top two (when they come around) are the bbq pulled squash sandwich and the eggplant sandwich. A+ y'all!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,7/21/2013,63,129,2,2,2>I love when someone else brings me to lunch.  And one of my favorite places for that is Glass Onion.  A company that wanted to do business with me brought me to lunch.  The story behind the restaurant, where they were misplaced by Katrina is a winner.  Their local fare along with New Orleans PoBoys is delightful!  Today I got the Pompano PoBoy and my host got the Fried Green Tomato PoBoy.  It was awesome.  The fish was not to greasy or too dry.  It was absolutely perfect.  Both of us could not have been happier.  It was also late in the lunch day so no line and our food was out in a few minutes.  Cannot get enough of this place.  And seeing the owner working hard is always impressive to me.  Great stuff!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,7/20/2013,39,134,3,9,7>Very nice addition to the Mixon/Park Circle scene in North Charleston.  Beautiful interior decorating greets you.  High ceilings and a unique ceiling fan which looks like a giant floor fan laid on its side. Fun touch.The food is mexican based and much more genuine than Americanized, but everyone will fine something they like from fresh chips and tacos to grilled corn and gin with coconut water drinks (Wife Precious really liked that!).I was intrigued by the grilled butter beans.  Never heard of it and just had to order it. Man, what a treat.  The beans are still in the shell when charred on a grilled, then tossed with a pumpkin seed pesto with a shot of lime juice.  Put the shell in between your teeth, close mouth and pull through.  You get the char flavor off the outside of the shell, the pesto and the tender beans.  That pesto is crazy good.  I've never had that combo of flavors before, and I could have eaten those all days.  Not being a gin drinker, I had them me one of the aforementioned drinks with vodka.  A little hint of ginger and fresh lime in coconut water.  This may be my new summer drink.  Served in a chilled metal cup, it's a wonderful summer drink, and goes great with the grilled butter beans.Tacos had fresh soft corn shells and several choices.  $3 each so you can sample a lot.  The potatoes with roasted garlic aioli was also a nice combo of flavors.  Be sure to get the grilled corn.  Nice aioli and cheese toppings.All said, this place is off to a solid start.  Glad to see the area attracting places of this caliber.  It's to Mexican what EVO is to pizza - outstanding food in North Chuck.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,7/19/2013,139,356,,7,3>First time to visit this place since we have lived here,  We ordered different types of appetizers. For a family of 4 we spent about $50.  We ordered Shrimp & grits, stuffed mushrooms (which had Way too much cheese), Green tomatoes (check in yelp for a free coupon),dozen raw oysters, large salad, and hush puppies.  Don't forget you get free boiled peanuts.   Our friends ordered a seafood pizza and i was soooo good. Great service staff. This is a place I would visit again.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,7/18/2013,48,79,2,6,3>Terrace Theatre gets 5-stars for being the only theatre in Charleston that shows alternative and foreign films!  Plus, the theatre is nice and nostalgic feeling.  They also serve beer and wine which is a plus.  Highly recommended!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,7/17/2013,79,28,1,3,2>Please, please, please go visit Coffee Lights if you are in the area of Market and King (basically if you are South of Calhoun) and want coffee. I know there is the national brand there (and I'm not a hater of them), but there is such better coffee, and City Lights provides quality coffee and service -- and the owner Greg is a nice guy. I like nice guys. :-) It is cozy and often in the winter local musicians will come in to practice. And my husband loves, loves, loves their carrot cake! Go... you'll enjoy.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,7/16/2013,31,102,,2,1>Seems to be a place for locals. One of the best shrimp and grits I have had, and Charleston is a place that is hard to say this in. Very nice staff, friendly. Usually a busy place, but the line moves fast. Parking out front which is a plus in this area. I will be back for more.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,7/15/2013,1,18,,4,2>Been here with a few friends a few times in the evenings for beers. Took my wife today for lunch and we'd never had any of their food. I ordered the Down South with a slice of swiss cheese, had the meat cooked slightly medium and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life! The fries are all hand cut and made there. I don't see how the complaints for this place even exist. One commenter saying the tables and floor are sticky? It's a friggin bar not some upscale 5 star establishment. Back home in Weston, Missouri the Irish bar is under a cellar and it's extremely popular. It took a few minutes for the waitresses to see us but other than that the service rocked. We will definitely be back again!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,7/14/2013,19,31,,4,2>We stopped by Sunflower Cafe for a Sunday brunch and were very impressed. Clearly a family-owned busines, this local gem puts a lot of effort into creating an amazing menu with constantly changing specials and top quality food. All of the omelets look great - I had a filet and boursin cheese which blew me away. Amazing array of benedicts and lots of other classics such as pancakes and beignets. The prices blew me away for the size of the portions and the quality of the food. Sunday brunch is pretty busy but not a bad wait for the experience. They also serve lunch during the week which our friends told us is equally delicious.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,7/13/2013,2,23,3,3,3>Great place to either enjoy their cabana bar outside or sit down in their dining room. I really like their happy hour outside, especially when the weather is great. Between 4-7, you can easily have a few drinks and a good meal for under $20. As stated in other reviews, you better get there early if you want a seat at the bar, which is my only negative of Water's Edge. I am not a seafood fan but I have had their shrimp and grits and shrimp cocktail, both of which are above average in the Charleston area. The thing that stands out to me about Water's Edge is that it's a relaxed and casual atmosphere with higher end food and service, which is rare to find. It's a place where you could either have a nice, quite dinner for two inside or throw back some tequila shots at the bar and yell at the dolphins as they swim by in the creek. I think everyone will agree those dolphins are a tad full of themselves and need to be taken down a peg or two.In conclusion, great overall place to visit, been several times and will continue to go back. I give Water's Edge two shrimp tails up!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/12/2013,193,285,2,2,2>Delicious! This place has it all. Make sure to make a reservation!From first glance, this restaurant looked small and was more of a bar. Once you actually get in, they have many more tables to seat and the decor is well balanced.The menu was about French, Asian, and American. Their menu wasn't too extensive, which was good since the menu won't overwhelm you. They have a little of everything, so go nuts. They also have this 'dim sum' area, which was not a normal dim sum. It's a plate a 4 small pieces of different items, which can be nice for a taster, but not so good in price and the amount you get. Also, a banh mi, or 'bahn' mi, as they spelled it, is only worth about 3-5 bucks max, not 15, no matter what they put in it.The items my party ordered were: 6 oysters, Bouillabaisse, and the naked fish. They served us some fresh, puffed bread with some Asian type sauce, which I tasted some maybe soy sauce, oyster sauce, and some hoisin sauce. The bread and sauce went very well together.-Oysters: cold and delicious. It only came with 6. The cocktail sauce served had the right amount of horseradish in it, which was minimal.-Bouillabaisse: Excellent. It had many different types of seafood, like shrimp, scallops, muscles, clams, calamari, bok choi, potatoes, and carrots. The soup was just so rich and flavorful. It also came with a huge piece of bread. Downside was the small amount of meat they actually gave.-Naked Fish: Nice and tender. Good color to it. Could have been bigger.With the portions being the size they were, it left me wanting more when I left.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/11/2013,200,305,9,9,6>Voodoo is basically the stuff that dreams are made of. Beautiful paintings on velvet canvas, tropically radical drinks, a cool vibe that is somewhere along the lines of exotic, gothic mystery, tiki bar and glitter; Voodoo brings so much to my life. Their tacos are not your traditional tacos, but they are friggin' YUMMY. In no order of importance, these are the items I love: all the tacos, the duck sliders, the pot stickers, cheese fondue, and the tots.  Lastly, they have s'mores that you can make yourself. Like I said, DREAMS ARE MADE OF THIS SHIT, PEOPLE! ...Sorry for yelling. Food gets me excited.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/10/2013,0,15,,5,2>Sadly, this place has closed.  Locked tight, newspapers piling up at door.  sad.Outstanding!  Best coffee in Mt. Pleasant, maybe the Lowcountry!!  Great inside, also outside seating under trees.  They do something Starbucks does not-they make iced coffee that's half de-caf/half caf!  Aaaaaand, the ice cubes are made of coffee, so iced coffee is not diluted!  Yea for that!  Hub's hot coffee was great also!  Highly recommend.  Thrilled to have a coffee house with this environment in Mt. Pleasant!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,7/9/2013,4,68,2,4,2>We've been eagerly awaiting the opening of Craftsmen Kitchen & Tap House for months. (I'm not exaggerating here -- the initial projected opening was for October 2012 and we were already on board with eagerness for that date.) Watching the progress on Facebook was nice, but just prolonged the agony, though tantalizing at the same time. The place finally opened Beer Week 2013 (April 21-27), which was pretty fitting. Open! Finally!The place has a great feeling inside. (I remember it from previous incarnations. This is a definite improvement.) The taps in the first room are pretty much IPA, though if you sit there, any of the beers offered are available. If you move on through to the next room, there's a beautiful bar, plentiful with craft beer on tap (last projected count was in the high 30's for brews available, but I forgot to check). They also offer bottled beer and other beverages for those who are not hop-heads. We were able to find some of our favorites as well as a couple of new brews to try. Our waitress was knowledgeable, giving good descriptions of the ones we were unfamiliar with, and, once learning our taste preferences, making educated suggestions.The foods offered paired nicely with the beers. Ingredients seemedfresh, flavorful, prepared with care, and plated beautifully. The menu breaks down into "Bar Classics", which are the Kitchen's suggestion of what pairs well with beer, and "Daily Features", more of a meal, with a menu list that changes, well, daily. There are also side dishes featured. Pricewise, it's not cheap, but we got out of there paying roughly the same we might pay for a full meal and beverages at some other local places. It certainly is possible to drop a bundle, but it's also possible to not do so. As to the food itself, I ended up with the mushroom flatbread, which was really well prepared, flavorful, and the right size for a small appetite meal. I really wanted a small salad to go with it, but there (currently) isn't one on the menu. (I've since been told by one of the staff that I could simply ask for that and they'd prepare it for me, but I didn't know that at the time.) So, I ordered a shrimp salad on a bed of greens, Ate the greens and pawned the prawns of on husband. The shrimp salad was a little overcooked/mushy for my taste in crustaceans. Husband really enjoyed the Gazpacho he had, which came paired with chile cured salmon. The plate of seven roasted veggies was nice, too.Our table faced the bar on one side, and a small beer garden on the other. Nice.Will we go back? Yes, definitely. Will we find easy, free parking? That's another story, but we're willing to walk from our secret parking spot over to Cumberland. I do have to say that all the staff we met were really helpful, friendly, and took time to chat with us. We felt very welcomed. Some things are indeed worth waiting for --  aged cheese, decently brewed beer, and apparently, The Craftsmen Kitchen & Tap House.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/8/2013,51,42,,6,3>I've always been a huge fan of this neat little Irish pub. Awesome atmosphere and friendly service. I always get the burger and its cooked perfectly. The sauce that comes with it is to die for as well! Big portions too so if you're not too hungry I'd suggest splitting a plate with someone else! Great beers on tap and they are always rotating. I went to brunch this Sunday for the first time and had the Irish Benedict. It was wonderful but too much rosemary. (I'm just not a fan of rosemary but it was delicious anyway) My boyfriend got an omelet and I wasn't too impressed but their hash browns were SO good. I'd skip the brunch but definitely go in for a burger or fish and chips!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,7/7/2013,109,168,4,3,2>Due to the fact that I have taken it upon myself to be a connoisseur of mac and cheese, I feel that everyone should know that there is no reason not to order the mac and cheese here. NO REASON. If you are thinking you shouldn't, then stop. Order it alongside any of their sandwiches, and get yourself a Moscow Mule afterwards while you are at it because there ain't no place better than here for all your well-made drinking and mac'n'cheesin' endeavors. Note: Wednesdays= live jazz. It's pretty good jazz, too.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/6/2013,110,35,6,7,7>Coffee that creates an experience? Sure, I wouldn't mind having a cup of coffee that's not only delightfully delicious but also pleasing to the eyes. Ordered a hazelnut latte and received a cup of wonderful! The barista made a portrait of a leaf on top of my coffee...... I watched as he gracefully crafted this wonderous leaf. Was I watching the next Mona Lisa being painted on top of my coffee? Nah, I never wanted to drink a old dusty painting. The latte had just enough of the hazelnut to make me go wowzers. It was not too sweet and had no weird after taste. I would go here over Starbucks any day of the week!Free wifi if you wanted to sit down and get some homework done. Close enough to the college to make it a quick stop before classes. Food here is also good, if you are feeling like you just need an adult beverage they also can provide you with some of that. All in all a great experience that I will have every time I go here, because they provide that excellent service every time I go here!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/5/2013,43,313,,3,4>I really like this place.  Physically, it's very slightly dive-y but has a good group of customers, the food is good (nice choices), the service is usually good and many good beers on tap.  Prices are great for downtown Charleston. I has a very nice outdoor area, which, in good weather is really cool.  I guess smoking is OK out back, which I'm personally not too keen on. Even with all the choices downtown, I'll be back.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/4/2013,48,86,,3,3>So, they passed the two visit test and both times were great! This place is a hidden gem in a strip mall. Not fancy at all, relaxed atmosphere with great sushi and wonderful hibachi dinners. This place is a great value. I highly recommend the gizmo roll and dynamite roll. They have a nice selection of sushi rolls, too.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,7/3/2013,17,155,,3,2>The cozy trattoria like atmosphere lended itself well to what came out of the kitchen. It did help that there was some heavy Italian accents emanating from the kitchen. Authentic scents and smells helped as well. And WOW, when the plates came to table, they were on par with some $50+ a dish dining establishments. Really, no joke here.Our server was Karen (a native of Peru) so that SouthAmerican accent was welcome in the place (only the discerned traveler could figure out the difference). She was pleasant, attentive and generally of happy disposition (ie, she liked her job and it was obvious).My wife ordered the Bruschetta as she wanted to eat light.I ordered the Special of the day... Mussels and Scallops over angle hair pasta in a white sauce (Capellini Alla Napoletana). OMG... yes OMG... it was so good and a belly filler.Must return for more of this amazing food at a reasonable price. My dish was $23 and worth every penny. Sharon's Bruschetta was $9 (a bit high for what it was). But we still managed to dine under $36 for 2.On the Saleeby Scale: Will have to give this one a 9/10 for Food alone and a 8/10 for everything else. Bravo! Ciao,JP & Sharon
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/2/2013,89,265,4,10,5>The other two reviewers captured my sentiments perfectly...an amazing, authentic gem. It's hard to believe it's in Charleston. I would consider myself pretty well traveled and also well versed in bars, and this is by far the most authentic Irish pub I've ever been to in the US.  Staff and patrons are incredibly friendly, excellent selection of beer on tap, and fantastic cocktail menu.  There was a very talented duo playing music the Saturday night I was there.I hope I'm lucky enough to get my membership application approved!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,7/1/2013,52,77,,7,5>Yesterday my boyfriend and I had the pleasure of attending Seppy's grand opening. They put on quite the event complete with ribbon cutting, inflatable slide, and dude dressed as a pirate. As a fan of hotdogs I was very excited for this place to open though they faced some tough competition with the other hotdog joints (2 others on the same street) in the area. We tasted 4 different hotdogs and were overall pleased with the flavor of each one. Of the 17 dogs on the menu we ate, in order of favorite to least favorite:1.) The Lowcountry- chili and pimento cheese2.) The Seppy- Chili, caramelized onion spread, and parsley3.) The Ole- Smoked sausage dog with mustard, salsa, bacon, onions & jalapeno4.) The Sullivans- Secret sauce, onions and diced tomatoesI wrestled on what score to give Seppy's because the toppings were very fresh and tasty but the dogs themselves are on the small side, especially for a $4 cost. Due to the friendliness of the staff and owner, Vaughn, as well as the quaintness and cleanliness of the place, and the deliciousness of their main dessert- Dirty Pie on A Stick (key lime pie dipped in Ghirardelli chocolate and frozen on a stick), I decided to bump them up to a 4. It was the very first day they were open and I imagine they might still be experimenting with different products. I'm definitely going to be back for the Dirty Pie and will be interested in seeing if they make improvements to the dogs themselves. They currently offer a selection of all beef, smoked sausage, turkey, and vegetarian hotdogs as well as chips, pickles, and applesauce.Kudos to the owner for brightening up a rather dull area on that side of the Ben Sawyer!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,6/30/2013,17,58,5,4,4>Disclaimer: I've only eaten here during lunch. Disclaimer 2: I moved here from San Diego so my fish taco standard may be a bit out of whack. Disclaimer 3: This is a really lame start to a review. The vibe is unique for Charleston and makes me want to slam beers and tequila, which I think is great. The surf videos suck me in like a black hole, thus killing all conversation with my friends. The food is not bad, but not memorable. In a Battle Royale between Zia, Taco Mamacita, Taco Boy, and Mex 1, I think Mex 1 comes in 2nd in atmosphere, 3rd in food, and 1st in West Ashley. Bottom line, it's a great option for the West Ash crowd, as all other options are a bit of a hike.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,6/29/2013,112,325,,16,9>I've been to Yoga House a few times and really liked it. You can purchase passes for different amounts of classes, and on Sunday, they have a donation based class that goes toward different charities and causes each month. I'm primarily a runner and since I do my long runs on Saturday, if I go to yoga house, it's usually on a Sunday for that donation based class, which is a beginner's/basic class taught by a different instructor each week. Every time I've been, the staff has been super nice and helpful, and they are very welcoming to newbies (lots of new faces come to the community Sunday classes just to try yoga). They do run specials, groupons, and deals, and you get what you pay for (the instructors are clearly well-trained and a step above what you get in most fitness clubs). It's also nice to have local yoga for those of us in West Ashley near or beyond 526, instead of going to Downtown or Mt P. The price is comparable to any nice facility, and the savings in gas alone is worth it!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/28/2013,183,717,2,4,2>Worked here a few years, really enjoyed my time there.  The staff is super nice and willing to go out of their way to help.  Don't miss the fishing dock or countless trails around the park.  If you go, PLEASE PICK UP YOUR TRASH!!!  This place can be a mad house for 4th of July, do to the massive amounts of people coming in, so get there super early.  Again, PICK UP YOUR TRASH!!!  Unfortunately, there's still a lot of people who didn't get the memo that littering was lazy, slobbish, disgusting, and slack.  It's a shame, because they ruin the experience for many others.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,6/27/2013,94,197,2,4,2>Dollar beers and some really interesting food choices. And for stadium food, it's not super outrageously priced like most other stadiums / sporting events *coughStingraysHockeycough* I recommend the Pickle Dog and cheese fries. Tickets to get in are super cheap and are a fun way to spend an evening. Even if you don't like baseball, there's plenty to see and do. And you can't beat that view of the river!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,6/26/2013,0,18,,2,2>My husband and i  have had lunch twice.  They have a philly cheese steak that is so yummy I can't even describe it to you. It is tender, flavorful and the cheese reaches from your mouth to the sandwich with a stretched out arm. Their burgers are good.They made a meatball sub for me even though it was not on the menu and it was delicious.  We have been met with a hello and smile both times.  I didn't have one, but the pizzas were served on a platform with a pizza knife. Very attractive.  Maybe next time.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,6/25/2013,1,29,,3,2>Ate there today. We sat outside on the upstairs porch in the sunshine. The staff were great and the food was good. I had a Halo Burger. It wasn't medium rare but the flavor was excellent. I also had a walnut apple salad that was outstanding.I will be going again.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/24/2013,47,33,6,8,4>This is my favorite place in Charleston.  I have ate here hundreds of times.  I have NEVER had anything less than excellent.  Their deep fried pork chop is truly a magical experience.  Their Mac 'n' Cheese is the BEST I have ever had.  The limas and rice are a force to be reckoned with especially if you have them add a neckbone or pig tail.  Be sure to order some deep fried shark too.  The beef stew and ox-tails are top notch food also.  I often also get the shrimp and crab fried rice which is so simple, yet simply amazing.  I could go on and on.  To sum it up, everything is wonderful!The have great sweet tea, beer, and cheap liquor too!  The portions are huge and you will leave completely satisfied.  I hate to say it, but this food is so good it'll make you wanna slap yo mama.....Run, don't walk to this place
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/23/2013,100,213,,3,2>This is a very good library.  Great for research. There is a way to access the library from the web, you don't need to be on campus.  Plus, you can access the library from your phone.  They embrace technology.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly, and if they don't have it, they can most likely get it for you.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,6/22/2013,31,31,2,2,2>Started off with the bacon wrapped shrimp.  Different but not bad! But I really came here to eat some good crab. So I got a pound of Alaskan Snow crabs.  They were juicy, hot, and succulent! Also came with a side of corn too. Atmosphere was ok but you do have the option of sitting outside on the 2nd floor. People there are nice and will help you find something you like.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/21/2013,158,145,4,5,6>I first started going to Dr. Alterman on the recommendation of a couple of co-workers and have been seeing him on a regular basis for the last few months.  I've had to have a couple of crowns (once I had root canals done elsewhere) and fillings done.  Remember kiddos, prevention is key to keeping healthy!  In other words, don't do what I did and only go to the dentist once you have issues.  I'm working on changing all that now, though.  Dr. Alterman and his whole staff have been great.  They're all super nice but also will give it to you straight.  No one likes going to the dentist but it's not too bad here.  He's probably a little bit pricier than most (he is located downtown after all) but it's worth it.  He seems to really care about you as his patient.  He always calls later in the evening to check on you. Also, he gets bonus points for letting you watch movies on the longer procedures and for having ample parking.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,6/20/2013,197,496,6,5,5>They had me when I walked up and on the glass it said, "wok in, wok out!"   Such an EASY place to go eat.  You know what I mean...there's no "scene", no attitude when you walk in, bleary eyes from your day with a very, very cranky teething Pax Man.  Give me pho, fo sho.I actually ended up getting noodles but I had to make that joke.  I got the rice noodles with steak and the house sauce.  The vegetables were PLENTIFUL.  I actually could have used a teeny bit more noodles but I appreciate that they did not skimp on the produce, as it was fresh and crunchy in every bite.  The steak was essential ground and interesting - no chewy steak here.  The house sauce was a delightful blend of spice, salt, and sweet.  Big fan.The summer rolls were excellent, excellent with a spicy peanut dipping sauce.  So good.  Only thing I positively hated was the edamame.  They should probably take that off the menu.  Yucky.So, you're given everything in to go boxes.  You order at the counter.  They DO have beer and wine so I shall be quickly changing whoever initially incorrectly put no booze.  We rolled in with a bottle of white and their employee said it was no problem for us to bring it in.  He even took a good amount of time shining two VERY serious white wine glasses.  There wasn't a spot on them.  I thought it was just a nice gesture to make sure we had proper stemware for our $5.99 bottle of Chardonnay.  Overall, the service was so enjoyable. Anywho, can't wait to go back and get some pho.  And I'll be thinking about you, summer rolls.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,6/19/2013,11,65,,2,2>We arrived after it closed but the lady there was very nice and didn't seem to mind. Super friendly and didn't rush us. She explained a bit about the flavored etc as we hadn't had macaroons before. The ones we purchased were small, tasty but pricey or maybe that's just how macaroons are priced? Id go with the pack of 6 if it's your first time here, but the fresh raspberry fruit one was also good!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/18/2013,46,8,,3,3>Great staff, super helpful! The first time I went in there was actually to bandage my boyfriend's arm after a misguided stunt, and the man working was super helpful. We found out then that they had gluten free crepes available and returned a few weeks later to try some - YUM! They have a great selection of breakfast, savory and sweet crepes and they really know about the food. They also sell sundries, wine and beer. It's an odd, quirky little place. Don't leave without trying the cold pressed coffee!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/17/2013,46,19,,5,3>Tried Co last night after a grueling Yelp search to find the best Pho-serving-restaurant  in Charleston. I chose Co because of it was extremely close in vicinity (King st, near Calhoun) and the other yelp reviews were pretty good.  Plus my mom was paying and the menu looked a bit pricey (12-13 bucks for beef pho), so I thought this was a prime opportunity to capitalize.  There is something about Pho that I find irresistible... it has a hearty, salty, brothy, homey quality that makes you say "mmmm"..... and I love that you can personalize with the little sides it comes with.  But I HATE getting Pho that's not good for whatever reason; it seems like it would be impossible to screw up!  I had extremely mediocre Pho at Octo Bachi, which is also downtown, so if you are choosing between the two definitely choose Co... it really delivered.We arrived in time for happy hour, so we got $4 glasses of wine and tried the pickled vegetables as an appetizer.  They were absolutely delicious (carrots, cauliflower, cucumbers and cabbage) although they were out of Kimchi. I would definitely recommend them as a light and "healthy" way to start your meal.  I ordered the Beef Pho, while my mom got the Spicy Beef Ramen, and both were wonderful and hot.  I loved that the beef was definitely rare/raw when it entered my broth, so it maintained its tender quality throughout the meal.  My mom's soup was interesting, as it had also had potatoes and carrots... something a little different.I took a star away because I wasn't fond of the atmosphere.  They dimmed the lights really low at around 7, and it was a little annoying... and the super trendy "family seating" as others have mentioned seemed unnecessary and cramped.  OH also ask for their hot sauces, they make them on site, and the Vietnamese style siracha was very very good; we were informed you can purchase them if you like.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/16/2013,63,159,,1,1>Tried it because we had a Groupon. I had the lemongrass chicken and absolutely LOVED the flavor! My husband had the Green Curry and ate every bite. In the past, he also had the Pad Thai and thought it was good, but not the best in town. Pork dumplings were pretty typical. Not the comfiest place to eat. They have tables with a long bench spanning the wall. I felt like I was sitting way too high for the low table. Service is also weird. You order at your table and are waited on; however, it seems more like a place that you should order at the counter, they bring your food, and then you can fill up your own drinks. We would go back for a cheap/flavorful meal.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,6/15/2013,38,13,3,4,2>Exceptionally fresh Mediterranean inspirations here, but not authentic Greek, if that's what you're looking for. But again....fresh!  Although this is order-at-the-counter, the dining room is layed out  beautifully, and takes advantage of King Street frontage, i.e. bar-style seating along the street side. Hello, free entertainment (if you're a ppl watcher).  Pricing:  OMG, seriously?  This is really good fare for not a lot of clambs!  My guess is...this is introductory pricing, or something. But there is no place in this Holy City where one can attain an app for just over three bucks! Menu, 2011: Dolmades (three giant rice & probably chick-pea & special herbs $3.50.  What?And speaking of the dolmades, that's a nice segue into the food. The Dolmades were fired somewhere in the back coming out fabulously roasted.  Stuffed with a delectible rice mixture, this great dish is on its way to being amazing with a little tweeking.  The app was slightly dry and over-salted.  These things are easily corrected to make an exceptional dish. For the price of lunch, we tried out the Grilled Chicken Breast Salad and the Grilled Lamb Gyro as dinner items, and there was almost too much food. You won't leave here feeling half-full.  The chicken on fresh greens was perfectly cooked, the lamb in the gyro was sliced, not pressed gyro meat as would be typical.  Yet another good, new spot on King Street.  With few things needed to improve, this little spot is unbelievably affordable and hits the healthier side of the palate.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,6/14/2013,7,14,5,19,3>Having traveled the world, being a traditional Greek cook and for many recent years a Charleston native, you should trust my opinion on this. The best place for Gyros, falafel or whatever else they make. Yes it is authentic, tastes great and they have one of the best ingredients, that is, awesome service with the smile! Enjoy, as much as we did! and we will be back.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,6/13/2013,34,62,6,3,3>This place was soooooooo trendy! I walked in and immediately felt like I was some handsome spanish man, the type that wear tight, button down shirts, prewashed jeans, and leather shoes (and probably a leather man thong to boot). And perhaps the reason above is why there were a total of three people in the restaurant at happy hour, or maybe it was because the insisted on writing the menu in spanish, a language no self-respecting American speaks. But the show, it must go on.The paella at Barsa had been hyped relentlessly for weeks, and at some point, you have to give in and go try it - so I did, and I actually was not disappointed. Granted, paella is a bunch of stuff I don't usually eat - carbs, grease, fried anchovies, you name it, but I actually found it to be really tasty. I was impressed, and I rarely say that. The whiskey sours were also great, considering they actually made it properly, and that isn't always a given, and I only had to pay $3! In an economy where we're lucky to be able to afford a McDouble, I say that's a great deal!I give Barsa 4 stars, well 3.5 if I could, for solid food and solid drinks, but seriously, the place needs more people. I hate hate hate empty restaurants. They lack energy. And write the damn menu in English. As much as you may want us to be handsome spanish men, we're just Americans. Treat us as such. God bless the USA.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,6/12/2013,0,6,1,1,1>The wife and I ate at Mosaic last night for dinner. Upon entering the resturant is on the small side which we liked. we were seated right away and our waitress MARY came and took our drink orders and gave us our menus. As we looked over the menu everything seemed very interesting to us. I was sold on the seafood mac and cheese but my wife was torn on two choices. Mary returned with our drinks and assisted my wife in choosing. She recommended the butternut squash ravioli which was one of the choices my wife was torn on...so she ordered that and we said we would split the crabcakes appetizer. We didn't wait long before the crabcakes arrived. Three cakes about the size of silver dollar. I was kind of surprised how small they were for the price. But I gotta say they were excellent! After that our entrees arrived. My seafood mac and cheese was delicious! Creamy..cheesy but not overdoing it and the shrimp in it was cooked perfectly! My wife couldn't not be happier with her ravioli. I got to try it and I agreed it was also fabulous! We were thinking the pasta part was a wanton type dough..very thin and light so the squash inside was easily identified...a hint of cinnamon made the dish even better. Mary was a great waitress attentive without "hovering" like some waiters can do. After we were done Mary asked how we liked the meal and we chatted and inquired about lunch etc..she let us look over there lunch and brunch menues. We will definitely be back to this place...I'd give it another star if it wasn't for the small size of the crab cake appetizer for the price
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,6/11/2013,24,16,2,2,2>Blu is probably the best place to go in Folly. It's attached to the Tides hotel. It overlooks the ocean and is right next to the pier. The views are second to none. The cocktails are delicious, the food is amazing. The atmosphere is beachy chic. Their outdoor patio bar is awesome. Plenty of seating, firepits and space heaters so you can go any time of year. I've been going to Blu for the past several years and have stayed in their amazing hotel rooms. The service is great.. Bartenders are very attentive and make you feel more than welcome. The ONLY thing I would suggest is to have more menu options that a group of people can share. Their nachos and PEI mussels are DElicious! The iceberg wedge salad with shrimp is fantastic.. I recommend you watch your plate when outside, the damn seagulls turn into hawks and nosedive towards your meal to steal food. LOL. I love this place. You'll probably see me there every Saturday! Now stop reading, and get in your car and go!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,6/10/2013,27,6,2,2,3>This place is AWESOME!! I had the sweet potato pancakes which was one of the specials of the day. They had candied walnuts inside and were topped with bananas and whipped cream. They were delicious, (not to mention as big as my head!!) I was worried they might be too savory when I was really craving breakfast food but they were just the right balance. This was my first time in Folly Beach but next time I return I will definitely be eating here again. Would definitely like to try out their lunch food!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,6/9/2013,85,48,4,6,4>Hidden gem. Amazing. Fresh. Delicious. That should be their tagline. Sister restaurant to sesame. All grass fed, free range natural meat is used. HUGE bonus points for me. I went at lunch time and got the soup of the day special. She crab soup - YES! Yum!! Raspberry tea to drink which was very fresh and yummy. Drinks come in mason jars, love that too. Such a cute delicious place. I'd be shocked to read a bad review. Indoor seating. Outdoor seating. A cute bar in the back with a lot of unique drinks to choose from. Very delicious drinks! Did I sat delicious enough? If so you get the point. If not, delicious, delicious, delicious!!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,6/8/2013,35,20,1,4,3>I give this place 5 stars because when I lived in California for two years, I missed their breakfast SO MUCH!  I'm kind of obsessed with this place for breakfast. I always get a scramble, but their lunch menu and DESSERTS look amazing.  The other morning I saw these two old guys sharing an Oreo cookie pie.  I almost ordered it at 9:30AM too....This place is packed every weekend morning, so plan on waiting. Service is super friendly and as quick as they can be. YUM YUM YUM
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/7/2013,9,31,3,5,4>LOVE this place. Went there as often as possible for Sunday brunch. I still dream about it now that I'm in California. Crab cake, fried green tomato Benedict, fresh cornbread, crab bisque, chicken and waffles, mimosas, live jazz music in Sundays. Just loved it! Also one of the only places where you can get late night bar food. I love the portobello fries and the ribs. I never had a full on dining experience here. I love the bartenders so much, that's where we always sat. Sunday brunch is a must at High cotton!!!! I'm getting upset just thinking about how good it is and how far away I am. Crab cake fried green tomato Benedict! Enough said.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,6/6/2013,9,10,,19,4>I do not want to name names, but Bombay Bazaar is WAY better than the other Indian Restaurants in Charleston.  Just came back from a delightful dinner - we had the Chicken Tandoori and Madras and although we had it "hot" (with a warning from the waiter that they really meant hot) it was divine.  I do not know what it is about Indian spices, but the heat is not painful, just good!  Anyhow, clean facility (though humble), everything was cooked to order, great presentation of our meal, really wonderful wait staff who recommended a glorious desert - don't know the name but it was two cheese balls in a sweet milk with pistachios - the perfect touch to end the meal, cooled off the palate and tasted great without being a gut buster.  I am on a one-woman mission to make sure the word gets out about them because I need them to stay around for future fantastic meals!  (also saw they have all you can eat lunches during the week for 7.99!)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,6/5/2013,6,13,2,2,2>Wife and I heard about this place on the radio.  Figured we would give it a try.....Sooo Glad!!!  We did!!!  Definitely a great place to eat....The geechie wings appetizer....delicious!!  The Crab and Shrimp Ravioli was so good I had to order a second order of bread to sop up the gravy!!!!   Its located at a strip mall and if you blinked you would miss it.....I suggest you keep both eyes open and make sure you try it......You will be happy that you did!!!!!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,6/4/2013,66,22,4,3,4>What's been missing from my weekly yoga practice? BEER! Thank God for Holy City Brewing who saved me. Not only do they have some of the most amazing local brews in town, but on Monday nights they host the Bendy Brewski yoga class for $10 which includes a beer tasting (after class!) If you've never seen 30 yogis knocking back a few pints in their Lululemon pants, then you have got to check this out. Even if you aren't down with downward facing dog, you still need to hit their tasting room and try their award-winning beers. The Pecan Dream brown ale is my newest fave. Stop by the Holy City tasting room one afternoon to figure out which brew you love the best. No yoga required.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,6/3/2013,8,8,,2,2>Even as a Charleston native, I don't get to make it out to IOP as I would like.  I must say, however, that I really do enjoy going to Morgan Creek when I get the chance!  To catch a sunset, you really can't beat it.  They really do have an incredible view!  I have held a few gatherings there and always love personal dinners!As far as staff, I have always had generally positive experiences.  The staff has generally been friendly, relatively knowledgeable and willing to be flexible with requests.  The food has been well prepared and fairly timely. . .not that I minded a few extra minutes to have with my friends.As far as leadership, I just met the "new" events director, Marybeth.  This lady is dynamic!  She seems to really have the know how to make your party successful!  I, as well, have had prior planning experience, so I really have had zero issues with either parties or personal meals that I have had there in the past. I look forward to my next event there, as it promises to be better than ever!As for the not-so-positive experiences that have been shared. . .My thoughts on restaurant visits is generally the same, talk to the leaders if the key players aren't playing properly.  You are helping the leaders lead effectively when offering solid, specific and detailed feedback.  They want to be a success as badly as you want them to!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,6/2/2013,97,93,2,3,2>Have only really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and drinks here. As for food, I've had the shrimp quesadillas and some others apps  which are all good. The four stars comes because this joint is super chill and keeps the libations coming. I'm like "yo, keep the boat drinks comin every 15 minutes sweet cakes". And they show up every 10 minutes. This joint becomes a blast later in the eve and the local flavor is rich. Come and have fun with me! :)
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,6/1/2013,0,37,,,>Found this restaurant by accident and are we glad we did. The service was excellent, the restaurant was clean and appealing. The food was very good, creative in its use of ingredients and the chef really knew how to use seasonings. From the grilled shrimp to the burger we had the flavors were exceptional, not overpowering like is frequently found. Even though this is an hour from home we will become frequent diners there.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,5/31/2013,28,96,5,6,5>I've never been to this kind of frozen yogurt set up but I've heard of it, though I'm not sure if it was a Yo Chillin' spot or a different place. The concept here is you grab your desired cup side (small, medium, large), you pick your frozen yogurt flavor(s), then choose your toppings. At the end, they weigh it and you pay. I figured this kind of stuff could get pricey, especially with my teenager in tow. Did you know teenagers can out-eat horses? Because they can. So we both grabbed small cups. I went with the classic vanilla frozen yogurt (VERY tasty) and she picked strawberry and vanilla. Or strawberry and something... I can't remember. I was already distracted with topping choices. I tried to keep it on the more healthy side. Really only because that's what looked most appealing at the moment. If my sweet tooth had been awake, I would have been loading up on the sweets! Instead I went with strawberries, blueberries and pineapple. The pineapple was obviously canned which is fine by me. The strawberries and blueberries were amazingly delicious and fresh tasting! I couldn't resist the little cubes of CHEESECAKE coated in GRAHAM CRACKER! I had to toss a few of those on top. Freakin' deliciousness. That's what I created. Freakin' deliciousness....I have no idea what my daughter added to hers... did I mention I was distracted?? I do recall that mine was just over 8 ounces and hers weighed in at over 11 ounces! I also know that she scarfed it down and like me, was a happy camper. It set me back just over $10 so I figure it breaks down to about 2 oz for $1. The only negative is for how the toppings are displayed. It had a scooper/spoon on top of a clear plastic lid. You had to lift the lid to get to the toppings so it was slightly awkward. Regardless, I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out next time you are near Northwoods Mall.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,5/30/2013,163,364,2,2,3>Definitely a change of pace from the normal Charleston/King Street nightlife. If you go at night, there will be some pretty fun/loud/indie dance music, potentially some EDM. There's one small bar in the back and lots of photos/art on the walls, which gives it a definitely gallery-event-space feel, not really a bar.The back patio/yard is definitely the big draw. It's huge! There's stages/picnic tables and a huge buddha. Also, you can get coffee there during the day. Like I said, not like anything else on King Street.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/29/2013,29,101,,4,2>If you're looking for some solid food, and a beer selection that's 100% different from your average bar, then you have found your spot for dinner tonight.The Belgian beers are the main draw here. They have a great selection of really interesting stuff that rotates frequently. There's nearly always a blonde, a bruin, and something sour on the beer menu. Well-made Pilsner and Kölsch are also staples. They always have a few local beers and a few from the larger American craft breweries as well--always with a solid IPA in the mix. You can find a somewhat up-to-date tap list on their Facebook page. Occasionally, they go heavy on one style, and you may find yourself stranded with a list of all porters and stouts, but usually there's something for everyone.Burgers are the staple on the menu; and they have a good selection to choose from. BBQ sauce and caramelized onions are a good choice, with the Barnyard Burger coming in as a close second (goat cheese and oven roasted tomato). I've gotten the flatbreads once or twice--they're passable, but I've never really been happy with them. They have entrees too, where they try to go for more of a fine dining approach than you might expect given the decor. In general, the entrees are good; the short ribs and fish & chips are my top choices. I wouldn't recommend CPH as a place to try your first shrimp and grits, but it is a big hearty interpretation of the dish; I'm sure it has its fans.Don't overlook the appetizers! I have ordered two appetizers as my meal on more than one occasion. The highlights are the Mac 'n' Cheese (for me, it even beats Cru Cafe), the Asian glazed ribs (lots of sugar in the glaze but that hits the spot if you're already a few beers in), and the spinach and crab dip (seems cliche, but it's tasty and a very large portion). When you order the crab dip, ask for extra pitas, the normal order never has enough.Oh, and service. CPH has an awesome core of waitresses. They've had the same team for years and they're really excellent. The know the beer list (and when they're unsure they'll offer to bring you a sample), and they're generally quick and there when you need them. Though on one occasion I did get a new waitress, and in that once instance, the service was abysmal. It seems like they know what they're doing though, so I'm sure they'll work that out.They're good for groups too. We've shown up with 8 unannounced before without any trouble. There are three or four big tables in the back, so they can usually fit anyone in without a problem.Solid food, superb beer, great service. CPH, for me, is one of those places that I'm always happy to go to whenever anyone suggests it.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/28/2013,94,147,2,8,7>My favorite park in Charleston! A regularly changing art display of sculptors & other forms of work. History displayed through creative architectural design. There is great fishing and walking docks as well as a multi-colored fountain for kids to run through. You can also get some drinks and Jamaican food at the restaurant on site. There is trees and flowers everywhere. There is are huge yard areas to play whatever sport you like as well as a playground with modern equipment, a covered picnic area, and a huge stage for events. Its a must do in Charleston.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,5/27/2013,24,86,2,5,2>This location is on the edge of a rough neighborhood, hence the fence and gate in addition there are signs to take your valuables in with you . Ok Taco Boy is a must eat.....the food here was just as good as the Folly Beach location. Went on a Sunday morning a great time to go for a quick lunch before hitting downtown King street and Market. Food was fresh and hot. Had the grilled shrimp taco very well prepared, also had the Mexican street corn another must have at Taco Boy.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/26/2013,283,570,5,11,5>Tucked back in the marshland off Folly Road heading towards Folly Beach is Bowens Family Restaurant. Popular to both locals and tourists alike as I have heard many speak of it's gratefulness; so I just had to give it a try for myself.My first visit to Bowens I was expecting some fancy smancy place with expensive prices where they dressed up the seafood with so much flavor that you could not taste the actual seafood. Usually that is what I get when someone raves about a seafood restaurant. BUT much to my delight it was not a fancy smancy place, but a hole in the wall seafood restaurant with reasonable (even cheap) prices. All food is served on paper plates with plastic silverware for easy clean up, paper towels and condiments are on the table, and you order at the bar as there are no waitstaff here.Some might come to Bowens wanting the fancy smancy seafood and get disappointed when they learn that Bowens does seafood the old fashion way; they fry it! Lucky for me I like my seafood fried and was delighted by how good it was.Our table of 5 started off with a tray of steamed oysters, of which the tray held more oysters than we could have ever imagined, and were unable to finish the entire tray. They also serve all you can eat oyster, but if you can eat more than a tray you must real hungry or have a bad case of the munchies. After the oysters we got the seafood platter which also was huge; and big enough to share. The seafood platter included whiting fish, crab cake, shrimp, fries, hushpuppies, and slaw. All of the food was quite delicious, but the SHRIMP OMG THE SHRIMP were amazing and had us hooked as if it were sprinkled with crack.Besides having spectacular food Bowens also has a full bar and carries a few local craft beers on tap. I love the fact they have one of my local favorites, Westbrook!Service here is wonderful too. From the line at the bar where the greatest bartender in the world took our order, poured our beers and drinks, and had the best personality on the island. Once our food was ready out came the food runners with our plates calling our names.If all this isn't enough for you, then come at sunset for some awesome scenery. The sunset here is by far one of the most beautiful in the lowcountry.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/25/2013,5,43,2,2,2>This restaurant is small and has a great atmosphere - brick walls, empty wine bottles as decor. We went during Restaurant Week but ended up ordering off their regular menu instead of their special 3 for 30 menu. I had a lemon pasta dish with shrimp and it was delicious! Great fresh taste. My hubs had a penne pasta with lamb sausage and liked that also. I tried a bite and the lamb sausage has a bit of a spicy kick to it but tastes great. We also ordered a couple of drinks and one appetizer, a platter of cheeses and meats. I wasn't a huge fan of anything on the appetizer, but I did love the riesling wine :) Oh, I agree with the other reviewers on the bread - it's nothing special at all and they give you plain olive oil to dip it in which was sorta weird.It's a little pricier than just a usual night out and the portions definitely aren't huge.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/24/2013,54,164,3,6,4>Dragon Palace is not your ordinary take-out place.  The food is phenomenal, and while it's more on the higher end, like you'd normally associate with a P.F. Chang's, it's worlds better.  The food tastes better, it's a bit cheaper (though it's definitely not a CHEAP meal - I think the Pork Lo Mein is like $11), the service is great, and you don't have ridiculous decor that looks like a crappy Chinese food place made sweet love to a Russian factory.  Anyway, I digress.  The restaurant is quiet, but you can definitely bring kids here.  We've brought Pax, and even on a cranky day, no one gave us the hairy eyeball.The dim sum is awesome, as is the gyoza, and I've had the pork lo mein both times we've got, it's just that good.  They've got some interesting variety on their cocktails, but they're rather expensive.  They also don't understand that a dry martini has ZERO dry vermouth in it, not EXTRA dry vermouth, but I've almost gotten used to having to say that I really just want vodka and olives.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/23/2013,80,111,1,7,4>I've completed one semester at Trident thus far and have had nothing but great things to say.  I previously attended a 4 year college and received a degree in business management but decided to go back to school for Avionics since Boeing is located here and offering good positions.  Trident's programs to help you in the skill of aircraft maintenance, building, and avionics were highly regarded so I decided to try the school. The two biggest issues I have with the program I've chosen is that you need to go to Moncks Corner everyday for classes (which is not close to my location in Mount Pleasant at all).  The other issue I have is that I have been out of school for a few years now but was still required to take BASIC prerequisites again (English 101 and Math 101 for example).  So far I've taken some of those classes online and some on campus at the Rivers Avenue campus.  Professors seem very attentive and my adviser is so great compared to the one I had when I first attended college.  There are lots of great programs offered here and the buildings at the Rivers Ave campus seem very up to date once you get inside them.  Building 920 is EXTREMELY impressive and huge
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/22/2013,44,147,4,7,5>Fantastic food, good service, adequate beer selection, and nice ambiance. I've seen people complaining here and there about the portions at The Lot, but I can't understand why.The place is quite small. I counted only eight tables, and a bar that holds about eight more people. The ambiance is nice and mellow, a good accompaniment to the Pour House next door. Service was attentive and friendly, and our server eventually caught on to how much we were enjoying our meal and had an entirely pleasant conversation with us about all the delicious parts of a pig. But hold on, let me start at the beginning.See, six months ago I saw Lee Bains III and the Glory Fires at the Pour House, the music venue directly adjacent to The Lot. They put on a great little raucous southern rock and roll show. Incredibly loud and aggressive, they totally destroyed the tiny crowd gathered to see them. Six months later, Lee Bains and crew returned to the Pour House. Wanting to try The Lot for a while, I went early to get some grub before my second Lee Bains show in Charleston.Everything on the menu sounded great, but we went with the pork chop with collard greens and grits for two, and the kale salad.I've never seen kale like that before. It was some kind of hardy purple winter kale, dressed with delicious smoky-eggy dressing. The kale was earthy and delightful, and we really enjoyed this dish. Since The Lot serves local and seasonal fare exclusively, you should rush in to try this kale. I doubt it will be there in the summer.I've eaten a lot of pork chops in my day. Thick chops, thin chops, homemade and chops in restaurants. But I've never had a pork chop like this. Butchered in-house by the chef, who must get whole pigs and break them down into all of their delicious parts, this thing was monstrously huge, easily big enough to serve three. It was cooked exquisitely with a crispy, salty crust that I still can't stop thinking about. It contained a generous strip of fat and a bone. The chef had cut it off the bone for us, so we didn't have to contend with cutting this huge hunk of meat apart. We didn't eat all the fat, but we sure did eat every bite of meat, and after that we gnawed on the bone. You have to eat this thing. If it is on the menu, get it.It was served with some delicious roughly-ground grits which I consider mostly to be a delivery system for butter, cream, and salt. Also included was a generous serving of creamy, bacon-y greens. Topping the whole thing off was a generous helping of pork jus. This dish couldn't have been any better. In a town full of delicious pork-based fare, this is simply the best pork dish I've had.I'm looking forward to returning to The Lot soon. Its a no-brainer to eat dinner there before your show at the Pour House.How did the night end up? Well, after gorging myself on pork and kale, I had a long conversation with Lee Bains about the labor movement, and told him that despite the tiny crowd, we appreciate him coming by Charleston. The band was somehow, impossibly, louder and more aggressive than last time. I left happy.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,5/21/2013,3,189,1,3,2>The best Asian in Charleston, by far - maybe all of South Carolina. Like the other reviews, I was skeptical when we drove up, but on Christmas night not a lot of choices out there. My lucky day, because this place is fantastic. The interior is very nice and cozy, roomy and inviting - I hate places that have the tables stacked on top of each other. Our server, Kevin, was most helpful. We started with the Guacamole Tuna appetizer - fantastic.!! She had the Rittenburg Roll, I had the Flavor of Malaysia - both were very tasty - nice portions.Excellent Kirin beer with dinner - we will most definitely be back!!!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/20/2013,86,456,,5,5>This is going to be a great place! I went on an pre-opening event and got to sample the food. WOW! It was some of the best fried shrimp I've ever had. Everyone enjoyed all of the Cajun dishes that were offered. And the sunset! It's the best place to see the sunset in all of Charleston! The staff was great and they had good drink specials. Their grand opening is May 2nd and I do believe I'm going to be a regular!Get out and find Crawdaddies!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,5/19/2013,23,272,2,3,2>Very cool spot to stop in after the beach. Low key. Get a Gamechanger - 8oz is more than enough to get a mid day buzz on, pineapple coconut rum in slushie form. We got the 3-4 rib platter, a brisket slider and a pork taco w/guacamole $28. The ribs are fall off the bone soft and coated w/rub. Sauces are all on the side. The brisket slider was tender and delicious. The pork taco was huge! 2 of these would be more than enough for a meal. The guac was 0.95 extra and worth it.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,5/18/2013,60,163,5,6,5>I love Mozzo because it reminds me so much of home and the Italian delis I frequented up north.  They have a fantastic and mouthwatering selection of pasta salads, potato salad and spreads.  And they also have something they called "northern standards" of chicken parm, eggplant parm & sausage and peppers.  It's like a little Yankee food haven.  Mozzo is sort of tucked away in a non-descript shopping center near Starbucks and Wild Wings on Coleman Blvd.  It is also next to a Weight Watchers...which is unbelievably cruel to the Weight Watcher customers if you ask me.  There is no way you can walk by this deli and not go in and order something. I MUST go there when ever I am in the area. My better half always gets the Balboa or the Fat Boy, while I savor the Chicken Caprese or  the Roma.  They often have some specials, and have indulged in one or two of them.  They have a lot of homemade pastries, cookies, puddings, and fruits right near the register, making it almost impossible to resist buying one as you are cashing out.The staff has always been friendly and quick.  If you are a Yankee in the Lowcountry, this place will certainly make you homesick for your hometown's deli.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,5/17/2013,4,31,,2,>Went here with my husband and my mom for Sunday brunch. Awesome little place! We were seated right away and our coffee was brought promptly. After out order was taken it took only about 5 or 10 minutes to get our food out even though the place was quite crowded!!! Service was awesome in general because she was always right there when need eds to refill coffee or water. Food was pretty good overall. We all tried the sweet potato biscuits. I was not the biggest fan because it tasted more like a muffin but my husband really liked it. I got one of the specials: salmon Benedict. The poached eggs were cooked perfectly and the salmon was a very generous portion and moist. I got grits as my side and did not really like them that much. I usually olive grits but these were kind of bland. My mom had one of the hash specials and liked the top but not the crispers (which were not like hash browns but more like potato chips so it was a little weird for breakfast). My husband got a crab cake thing and said it was really fantastic although he also did not enjoy his crispers. Overall, I would definitely go here again!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/16/2013,68,163,1,5,6>After more than a year of following XBB around town at various "pop-up" locations, I was so glad to finally enjoy their delicious dishes under their own roof. They have done a great job of converting the old gas station into a happening culinary hot-spot in a developing neighborhood of northern downtown Charleston.The gf and I celebrated our anniversary dinner at XBB they weekend they were offering a special Chinese New Year menu. We loved some items on the menu a little more than others, but everything was deliciously fresh and flavorful.We started with the Scallion Pancakes and Jiao Zi (pork dumplings) as appetizers. Both were fairly simple, yet tasty, preparations. The dumplings had a significant spiciness, which made me rethink my decision to order the Sun Wukong chili-infused cocktail. However, they each brought a different type of heat to the palate and I enjoyed the interplay like some sort of culinary masochist. A few more pieces of the wonderfully roasted cauliflower that adorned the dumplings would have been appreciated, as much for their exquisite flavor as for their heat-dampening quality.Our shared entree was the Double Cooked Pork. Chef Walker loves pork belly. My first XBB dish ever was his ramen with pork belly. That, alone, was enough to ensure I would be a lifelong fan of the chef. But the Double Cooked Pork was... well, as Will Ferrell might say, it was "scrumtrulescent." Intensely rich in flavor, yet light on the palate; it was the highlight of the night's meal, but not the last of the night's treats.We still had room to sample another dish; the Duck Laab was our choice, and a good choice it was. Seasoned, ground duck was served cold on a bed of Bibb lettuce for making wraps. When the latent spiciness began to build, undetectable for the first several bites, I was glad to have switched to a Toña lager, which proved a refreshing antidote.The Thai lemonade was cool, but just shy of truly refreshing. I'm not familiar with the drink -- it very well may have been an authentic preparation -- but it didn't provide enough flavor for us to likely order it again.But we will be back to order plenty of other items, again and again, I am sure.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/15/2013,51,246,2,3,2>While visiting family my sister an I decided to visit LG's and say hello to owner Laura. I grew up in Hanahan and miss the people. Wish we had a place like this to go to growing up.Laura sat and talked with us and let us know about a special fried corn they were having, of course we partook in this dish! It was wonderful. Fresh corn fried and then rolled in a wonderful mixture of parmesan cheese, cilantro and bacon. IT WAS AWESOME.We also had the special of low country boil. And it too was very tasty. the only thing missing for me was a little sour cream for my potatoes. But Laura is now on top of that! We also had to try the fried pickles. NOW let me tell you that those were wonderful and served with a great sauce of aioli with shallots, dill and lemon. That was the best dipping sauce I have ever had (I used up the remaning on my shrimp! it was that good!)There is usually a crowd of locals here, and everyone knows each other and has a great time. The weather was rainy so that (along with it being spring break) must have kept some of my old school mates away.Almost every night of the week there is a special along with the regular menu. If you like the Facebook page you can see posts for upcoming events and specials. They have drink specials, cornhole tournaments and live music sometimes.This is a very nice place to meet up with a group of friends and have a great time with food and drinks. there are 6 large flat screens with sports on them so just about anywhere you sit you can catch a game. Can't wait to comme back.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,5/14/2013,6,11,2,6,3>I've had the pleasure to visit Cork twice now and both times my wife and I left stuffed with great food and impressed with the restaurant. Our first visit was in the middle of the week and we were seated, with two of our friends, right away. Our last visit was this past Friday night, around 7:30 p.m. and we did have about a 40 minute wait. I've seen some negative comments about the service of the staff when it comes to getting seated but I've not been subjected to that. Even Friday night someone greeted me within moments of walking in the front door. The wait wasn't bad and exactly the same you'd get at any popular restaurant on a busy night. That said, if you can't get there during an off peak time, I'd highly suggest calling ahead to get your name on the waiting list, especially if you have a larger group.My first meal at Cork was their Shrimp and Grits (Sautéed Local Carolina Gold Shrimp, andouille sausage, tasso ham gravy, aged cheddar stone ground grits with tomatoes and scallions). This is such a simple dish in many ways yet very easy to do poorly. I'm happy to say Cork puts out some of the best shrimp and grits I've had in the area. The grits were cooked well and extremely creamy, the shrimp was just right and everything else just meshed wonderfully to give you an incredible dish. On my second visit we decided to start with an appetizer and ordered the Rosemary Pimento Cheese and Flat Bread, which consisted of hand grated sharp New York aged cheddar cheese, roasted red peppers, fresh rosemary and roasted garlic with lavash bread. The pimento cheese was great and had a wonderful flavor to it. The flat bread was toasted, overly so, and I think I would have actually preferred it soft or just lightly grilled instead.For my main dish I opted for the Cognac Flambéed NY Strip Steak (hand cut aged NY Strip. Baby bella mushrooms, arugula and pomme frites, roasted garlic, pecorino cheese and port wine reduction) cooked medium rare. While this term is way overused, the steak was so tender it melted in my mouth. The outside of the steak had a perfect char on it and the inside was cooked to perfection. The pomme frites could have been a bit more substantial but the mushrooms and wine reduction was simply amazing, to the point of where I would have been happy with a bowl full of it as a soup/starter.My wife ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast with Pimento Mac & Cheese, Apple Cider Bacon Green Beans & Black Pepper Gravy. Once we'd eaten half of what we ordered, we switched dishes so we could each sample more of Cork's food. The chicken was as good as the steak, with a perfect crunchy fired crust on it. At first glance the mac and cheese looked like your typical cheesy shells but as soon as you take a bite you can tell it gets an extra kick from the pimento cheese. I honestly could have done without the apple cider addition to the green beans but that is more of a personal preference as they were still pretty good.Both times our waitress was great and super attentive to anything and everything we needed. Add to that their selection of locally brewed craft beers and their dedication to providing dishes made from fresh, local ingredients and Cork is easily a destination we'd return to as often as possible. They truly do prove that the culinary scene in the Charleston area extends beyond the downtown zip codes.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,5/13/2013,39,134,2,2,2>What can you say?  Considered by many as the best pizza in the Charleston area, and according to some magazines the best in South Carolina and one of the best in the US.  Hard to argue if wood-fired pizza is your thing.  Could use more seating, but is worth the wait.  Order wine or beer at the bar and wait outside to enjoy it.  Not a problem in North Charleston like it is in Downtown Charleston, where you can actually get arrested for drinking outside a restaurant.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,5/12/2013,1,7,,2,2>This is the authentic place to go for soul food in the city of Charleston, and it hasn't changed since I first visited here in 1991. Do not come here for atmosphere, the place is ramshackle, with tiny seats and booths and the seats on the booths are roughly upholstered in colored duct tape. There is no air conditioning to speak of and the atmosphere music came from a broken television with an FM tuner in the corner. There was even a picture of Louis Farrakhan hanging over our table! Also, all the food is made to order here so it is slow, the fried chicken ( a real star on the menu), takes 20 minutes. Now if all the above doesn't scare you off, and you are really looking for some historic Southern soul food made by experienced, loving hands, then you will be rewarded here. The fried chicken is absolutely perfect, golden brown, yet tender and juicy inside. The menu and the sides change daily, but today I had a delicious lima bean stew served over white rice and a serving of the Charleston favorite, red rice. Corn bread is served with all meals and is light and sumptuous. Also available today for mains were BBQ ribs, fried fish, and pork chops. We will be back soon for more of the real thing here at Martha Lou's. By the way, cash and checks only here, no credit cards which is good to know before you go.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/11/2013,139,356,2,2,2>I attended the jailbreak.  Having artist breakout their personal art.  Wonderful art pieces from my artsy friends from the low country.  Music was awesome!  The dance group was great.  I loved how each cell was covered with different art.  Different foods with a twist.  Family friendly.  My children enjoyed the art and the dance crews.  Loved all the organic and natural food options.  Can't wait to go again. Yelp had a booth.  We took pictures at the yelp background.  Lets party like yelper! I didn't do a jail tour so I can't tell you any information about the ghost tours of the jail.  To me everyone need a creepy place to visit and a good story teller.  :))
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/10/2013,24,92,3,2,2>CFB has it's ups and downs but at the end of the meal the ups crush the downs which is why I give them 4 stars.The good: Their food. The veggie burger there is always killer. Add pimento cheese on it and you're in heaven. My boyfriend always gets the Porkslap and does nothing but rave about it. Their beer selection rotates and always has something for everyone. When my friends and I go out I notice that we all enjoy very different beer. I'm a stout drinker. My boyfriend is an IPA fanatic. And I find that a lot of my friends love wheat beers. On their menu they always have the great craft staples but also have unique and funk new beers to try. The prices are pretty on point. Some people might say they are pricey but I honestly think those are people who don't drink craft beer on a normal basis around town. The bad: The service. It is not always consistently bad but I can honestly say more times than not I have had some horrible service. Notice how I am saying horrible service not server. I tend to always go during lunch at the exact moment every other server is cut besides one. Always. This is not on purpose. And at this time I come in there always seems to be way too many tables in there for just one server. One time I did have the manager roll her eyes at me when I asked for the check at the end of the meal because I hadn't seen my server since I got my food. I found that to be shocking because I know this company well and I know the owners would put her head on a chopping block for that. They take their business very seriously. Last thing: the food takes a long time. Do not ever go here if you only have 45 minutes to eat on a lunch break or something because it will not happen comfortably. All in all as I stated above. The service might be slow and lacking most times but the food and beer speaks for itself and keeps me coming back over and over again. I constantly recommend this place and will continue to do so.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/9/2013,48,79,3,4,3>Sabatino's has some really good pizza and they are open really late.  If you are pulling a late night on King St and are feeling hungry, this is your place!  They sell pizza by the slice and have great deals.  Although it's not my favorite pizza place in Charleston it is right up at the top.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,5/8/2013,79,28,2,3,3>We walked in mid-day on a Sunday, and rather than relaxing behind the counter as you find so many places, this team was actually CLEANING! They promptly got ready to serve us and we were off to a great late lunch. We had one of their standard salads and one of their specials. Both were great. We ate every leaf, and in addition, we enjoyed sitting in the window and watching the world go by. We will be back to enjoy awesome salads or wraps. Thank you, Verde!P.S. They have a freezer with King of Pops Popsicles. MMMMMMMMM!!!!!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,5/7/2013,29,27,2,2,2>I discovered banh mi sandwiches years ago during my travel for work and have been enjoying them across the country. I was absolutely thrilled to find Bon Banh Mi one afternoon on my drive through downtown. The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the food is FANTASTIC!I usually get a Five Spice Pork Banh Mi with the delicious jasmine tea for lunch or dinner but have recently forced myself to try other things and can say that the Red Curry Beef sandwich is incredible, too. They offer specials on drinks - they have a nice beer selection. For my friends downtown, they even offer delivery.Because the space in the restaurant is limited, I frequently call in my order and pick it up but whether you're eating in or taking out, it's a fantastic light meal.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,5/6/2013,5,41,13,20,17>FIrst, let me thank the fella who wrote the first review of this place, because without it, I would have forgotten to check out Persimmon, and would not have had the opportunity to be introduced to one of the coolest couples in Charleston, with a great simple concept in mind: Flavorful, Fantastic, Gourmet Food, On the go. I saw Persimmon in passing after leaving Starbucks, and thankfully remembered that I wanted to give it a try. I walk in, and the fella who owns/runs the place with his wife was inside doing some prep. What a pleasant guy! We had a wonderful conversation about where they have lived, how they met, their concept for the cafe, and of course he introduced all of his wonderful food and beverage items. Nice menu that changes on the regular so you will always have a great variety to choose from, with great choices for those who eat meat and those who dont. Homemade pastries, granola, teas, lemonades, soups and more! Since I already had my coffee from Starbucks, I didnt purchase any coffee, but he let me try his dark and light roast. I got to sample the curry chicken salad (which I LOVE), and it was delicious. He offered a sample of some of his homemade lemonade, and he even offered to let me try his soup! I ended up getting a Breakfast sandwich made on this focaccia textured bread, but its baked in a regular bread pan, like a regular loaf. He explained how it was baked to me, and especially for his cafe. It is VERY good. Turkey sausage with nice hearty thick cut swiss cheese, topped with a drizzle of maple syrup...What a fabulous breakfast! The bread was grilled, giving it a nice firmness, with a light crunch. Add the turkey/swiss and maple on it while grilling...MAN what a treat. I really dig the concept of this place.  At first I was thinking, how the hell are you gonna operate a cafe in a laundromat, but its perfect! You walk in the entrance, there is a bar area with bar stools to sit to eat while looking out at Calhoun St. Theres a nice open counter and space so if you order your food to go, theres plenty of room to wait a moment, or of course, you can just stand right out in front of the building on Calhoun. For those who live or work in this area, around Cofc and MUSC, a place like Persimmon is a HUGE plus. There are loads of people looking for a place to grab a quick, light, flavorful lunch, that doesnt cost $15-$20 and won't kill so much of your lunch time. Working at MUSC, there arent that many options within walking distance, and the few that are, are slightly pricey, so thank goodness for Persimmon! Check it out folks. Wonderful owners, great food, central location, great prices? Whats not to love :o)
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,5/5/2013,34,49,4,3,2>Liquid lunching College of Charleston students encased by exposed brick walls, curved doorways, distressed hardwood floors, a full bar, and flat screen TVs blasting various sporting events.You would think that there would be no place for children at The Kickin' Chicken. When your particular children act like a bunch of drunken tour bus hooligans, complete with food throwing and demands for more drinks even though they have already had plenty, they put the rest of the patrons to hard partying shame.The staff could not have been more accommodating to our strollers and rock and roll lifestyle. They offered children's menus and brought out food for the demanding short people as soon as it was ready, and were quick with refills, special requests and the bill when we asked. My only complaint was that the high chairs had broken straps, which made it difficult to keep the wildest guy in the band (it's always the drummer) in his seat, but we plied him with so much milk and chicken fingers, he passed out on the way to his next gig.The best surprise was that the food itself was good; definitely steps above what I expected to be bar food. The Spinach Chicken Salad was fresh and crispy, and included cool veggies and feta cheese that provided a welcome respite from the downtown Charleston August heat. Even rock stars have to eat things that are good for them sometimes, and when they weren't tearing up the place, they enjoyed fresh chicken and sandwiches that appeased their need to let the world screamingly know that they were fighting for their right to party.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/4/2013,57,64,2,3,2>Again, wishing I could give a 3.5Here's the deal. Husk was really really good. However, I'd probably just as happy spending my dough at Coast or Hall's.....I think i felt more at ease in Hall's (which is pretty darn fancy) than I did at Husk...it felt like a bit of a snooty atmosphere. Or maybe I'm just super middle class (probably the latter?)The appetizers are the stars of the show in my humble opinion. The lettuce wraps lived up to the hype (who knew i was a rabid fan of pig ears??) and the house made bologna was nom (it's like 3 times as thick compared to normal bologna)I will put a disclaimer here.....we didn't realize how big the appetizers were so we may have spoiled our dinner by eating 2 appetizers between 2 people....On to the main course...My husband had the lamb trio for dinner and I had the sirloin.He was a big fan of the lamb. The sirloin, well, I've had better. It wasn't bad or anything, but wasn't particularly memorable. I finally found a form of potato that I don't enjoy, and that is the fingerling. Overall, despite my preference for other area restaurants, it is still a great place to dine.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/3/2013,55,83,3,5,5>Many people go above and beyond when praising Santi's, and while I'm not going to completely fall in line with that, I will say that I have really enjoyed every meal I've eaten there. Really, their $3 tacos are what had me hooked upon my first visit. They're hard to top for that price. Packed with meat and nice and sloppy.  While it's not the most amazing Mexican food around, it is a cut above a lot of the seedier locations around Charleston. That being said, Santi's isn't in the best part of downtown, but they still inflate prices clearly due to their claim at downtown territory.My fiance loves the Margaritas. I'm not into tequila, but the drinks always look fantastic when they bring 'em out. It would also seem they tend to make them pretty strong. The rice and beans that come with many of the meals are pretty plain, and aren't worth paying extra for if you're mainly interested in the key part of a dish. I stick with ordering a few different tacos which leaves me pretty happy. The waiters that have attended me each time have always been really friendly, and service is usually pretty fast.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2013,5/2/2013,200,305,2,6,5>This Mount Pleasant location of Basil is a lot nicer than the downtown location, which I have been to very many times. The best part of this location is that I don't feel so stressed or rushed to sit down, eat, and get out. I feel like I have more of a stake in my dinner presence, which is a plus. The one downtown is always so busy and hectic, I always feel I have to rush in and out. The upstairs bar is a nice addition, but it would be nicer if the hostess maybe let people know they can wait up there when they put their name in, because the wait is typically pretty long on a Friday or Saturday evening. Just a suggestion. All of the food I've had here has been phenomenal, and this is definitely one of the best places to get get your Thai fix in town! I must say that due to my noodle addiction/obsession, as well as my status as a repeat Basil customer, the pad see ew and tom kha gai coconut soup are my go-to menu items. Delish.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,5/1/2013,23,43,,3,2>The Glass Onion hits the mark once again!BF and I came in late on a Saturday for dinner. The wait was longer then the last time I was here (pro's and con's of getting on an episode of Diners Drive In's and Dives I guess!) but still definitely worth it. We had Blenheim Julep cocktail while waiting that was seriously (emphasis on the seriously) delicious but I'm a huge fan of spicy ginger beer so that might have helped. Foodwise we got deviled eggs, shells and cheese, shrimp and grits and one of the specials with parpadelle and I think pork. Oh my gosh everything was amazing as to be expected. Seriously though I could eat 45 of these deviled eggs THEY ARE SO GOOD! And at .75 cents a pop YOU LITERALLY COULD! I think we ordered 10...and they disappeared in probably 10 seconds. Every time my boyfriend and I are drinking with friends he will abruptly start yelling about shells and cheese....poor guy, he'll never eat Kraft again. For dessert we split a piece of caramel pie...you heard me...caramel pie. I literally had to ask the waitress to repeat herself. Would I like a piece of caramel pie? Who wouldn't want a piece of caramel pie!? Bottom line it was awesome and we cleaned the plate. Everyone there is a dream and the ambiance is so damn homey and lovely, it makes me the happiest girl on earth. I can't wait to come back, love you Glass Onion!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,4/30/2013,4,68,1,4,2>I've had a crush on Wildflour pastries even before the doors were opened (and was introduced to Lauren and her remarkable skills when she was over at Red Drum.) These baked goods, both sweet and savory, are exceptional. One could wax poetic about the stuff here. My favorite treat is either the little quiches they have (some with bacon/ham, but some safe for herbivores), the scones (can't decide if I like the savory or the sweeter ones more. I'll just have to keep trying them.) Other baked goods (cookies, blondies, oatmeal bars, etc) are tasty, but if you want to treat yourself to something special, pick something from the case -- chocolate caramel tart, truffles, lemon bars, cupcakes, etc.  The key lime pie is such a favorite in our house that I carried one on the airplane to California for a graduation goodie for our offspring. A few other things worth mentioning: baked to order pies and wedding cakes, house-made lemonade in the hot season, Sticky bun Sundays, side patio, and a BookCrossing bookshelf to pick up something to read.Love this place.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/29/2013,43,313,,2,1>Vespa is a really neat place for a lot of reasons.  The staff is really friendly and the service is good but not smothering. It has a small but good menu - plenty of options.  The pizzas are the best and there are usually specials most nights as well.    The food is excellent - we've eaten there twice now.  The outdoor area looks really nice but it was a bit too cool to eat outside last time.  Normally about 4-6 beers on tap and nice choices too - not just bud, bud light, miller and miller light!  We'll be back!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,4/28/2013,10,97,2,2,2>Five Loaves is one of our favorite places to go in Mount Pleasant for a quick lunch.  Be sure to get there slightly before 12noon because they tend to fill up quickly, and for good reason.  I love that they offer half portions.  I love the trio of soups.  They often have a special salmon salad, which has turned me into a salmon lover.  Not sure what they put in the white balsamic vinaigrette, but I can't seem to get enough!  Prices are great.  An all around home run restaurant.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,4/27/2013,48,86,2,3,2>Very fun hibachi experience! We figured out why they call it sake house, too...during the hibachi show they will squirt sake into your mouth if you are up for it and of legal drinking age!  We thought they were kidding at first, but they were serious.  The food is great and reasonably priced.  We happened to go during the early bird time, and were pleasantly surprised.  They offer this from 4 to 6 on the weekdays as well as on the weekend (but the hours for this special are slightly different).  I had vegetable hibachi for $10.95 and the hubby had the chicken and shrimp hibachi dinner for $14.95, both of which came with soup, salad, fried rice, vegetables, and a shrimp appetizer plus whatever special item you order.  They give you a lot of food and it was done very well, too.  I am never one for quantity over quality. This place has both.I haven't tried the sushi so I am not sure if this is a good place for that or not.The hubby and I even had leftover fried rice and veggies and they were even awesome reheated.  We will definitely be back.  A fun, not stuffy, hibachi restaurant with great food- Sake House gets 4 stars, no problem!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,4/26/2013,110,35,4,6,6>How is it that 3 people can order so much food, I mean so much that you literally get full by just trying a little bit of everything that was ordered? Well, when everything that is on that menu looks and sounds like it is about to explode a flavor in that orifice on your face you call a mouth. Your taste buds dancing around like they just won the lottery. Yea it was like that!With all the selections of Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese, Thai food on the menu you wouldn't think about noticing the Swiss and German dishes..... Odd combination of menu items? Yes.... but how do they stack up?  FREAKING DELICOUS!!! The German dish and Swiss dish is by far one of my favorite things to order on the menu. But I will have to give the Riso Wings the number one, uno, mot, eins spot on my to order list when I go here.The prices are not bad considering the portion sizes you get. If you order a soup, app, and main, you will be guaranteed a take out box. Food is fresh and cooked to order, which one would expect but not always done. Staff was very helpful and encouraged us to sit and relax,  take our time and enjoy ourselves. They did this even though we showed up 20 minutes before the closed. Willingness to stay late and provide great customer service to your patrons.... GREAT business model! Highly recommend this restaurant if you want to try a little bit of everything Asian!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,4/25/2013,51,42,1,7,3>I can't believe I just recently went here for the first time since I live and work right down the street! Went in on a quiet Wednesday night and it wasn't busy at all. Loved their house made cinnamon whiskey but wished they had a better selection of beers. Bartender and bouncer were super friendly and their patio is amazing!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,4/24/2013,196,18,1,2,2>This dive bar is a must go to if your looking for a chill night out with friends and don't wanna go crazy but still have a good social time. I especially like the arcade games, jukebox and the fact that the bar was spacious although everyone  "like usual" crowds around the bar. haha. I will defiantly have to come here again.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/23/2013,89,265,,7,1>My family and I had a fantastic experience at 82 Queen. The menu is one that feels like I've seen dozens of times around Charleston, but this is by far the best I've had in terms of food quality, service, and ambiance.  Yes, it is expensive but it's a great place to take out of town guests who want upscale southern cuisine in a nice restaurant. I thought it was far better than it's neighbors Husk (to be fair, I've only had lunch at Husk) and Poogan's Porch.Everything we had from our appetizers to the dessert was delicious, and the service was excellent too.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,4/22/2013,112,325,2,6,2>We've found our new favorite Mexican place here at Mex 1 Coastal Cantina. This used to be a Jack's Cosmic Dogs, but is still owned by the same company, just Mexican food. You could get tacos, salads, baja bowls, or quesadillas. Both of us opted for tacos, which you could mix and match because the price was for a single taco. They served us chips and salsa as soon as we walked in, and the salsa was delicious too. Between my husband and I, we had the Baja Fish, Carnitas, Carne Asada, Shroomers, and Santos Shrimp tacos- all of which we loved. The waitress was super nice and even let me substitute for corn tortillas instead of wheat, and the black bean salsa on the Santos Shrimp was delicious. Both of us really liked how light the tacos were- he ate three tacos and I ate two, but neither of us left with a food-induced coma from tons of tomato sauce or cheese.If you're into lighter, healthier Mexican this is the place to come :).
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,4/21/2013,330,166,,4,2>I've been here a few times on a Friday night. It's a pretty nice place for a hangout. I noticed a few familiar faces when I came the second time. The bar service is always good. The bartender once gave us his honest opinion about a brand and recommended a cheaper, good quality Tequila. I read that they have over 100 Tequilas to choose from... I'd say stick to that or beer. They definitely aren't into Bacardi... I was looking for Bicardi Limon,... no luck... So i asked for Bicardi O... and no luck again. They just had plain old Bacardi, which just tasted gross. =(The bathroom is always clean and I've never had to wait in line. Outside, there are a few picnic tables to hang out and still hear the DJ inside. The DJ pretty much spins whatever the crowd wants. I think they said he starts at 10p and ends at 1:30am on Fridays (not sure about the other nights). I have yet to try their food, but I'm curious about the asian-mexican fusion that I've seen on their menu.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/20/2013,183,717,2,3,3>How have I not written a review of Sesame?  I've been here several times, too many to count.  Oh yeah, I tend to get lazy, so I've been putting it off.  NO MORE!  Anyway, the burgers here are some of the best in Charleston.  They offer so many choices to put on your burger, stuff you don't even think about.  Sine I do watch my fat intake,I usually go with the black bean or turkey burger.  My wife has gotten the beef burger, but it has been way undercooked several times.  They make their ketchup and mustard in house too, very good.  They also almost always have 3 local beers on tap, Westbrook. COAST, and Holy City.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,4/19/2013,193,285,4,7,5>This place was pretty good. They just changed hands and the name to Ko Cha Korean Restaurant. I have no idea how it was before, but I'd come back if I'm in the area.The place is attached to an Exxon gas station, which I thought was a little odd, but nothing to worry about. Inside, it was decently decorated. I didn't look like a fast food joint, so I was ok with it.For the menu, they had a good amount of items. Not too big and not too small. The prices were decent. Back in California, the prices were comparable. I ordered the bulgogi bento box, which came with the boneless pork meat, white rice, kim chi, jap che noodles, some meat balls, 2 pieces of fish cake, and some sauteed vegetables. A lot of food for the price. My meat was a little spicy for the mild I ordered. I ate it all, but it would have been nicer if it were less spicy. The kim chi was nice. I also got to taste my friend's kalbi (Korean short ribs) and it was delicious.The owner lady was nice. She gave some good service. She wasn't the best at english, but was good enough to order food from.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,4/18/2013,221,34,5,8,4>Get over the fact that the Hall's pretty much grope you as you walk in their family-run establishment. Just enjoy the hug and keep walking to your table. The food will soon be in your mouth and you won't care how many times you've been caressed, I promise.Everyone knows the Hall's are extremely friendly and it's because they truly appreciate your business. They will remember you (and your name) and take care of you. They're genuine.As a girl who isn't the biggest fan of red meat, you may be surprised to hear that Hall's Chophouse is one my very favorite restaurants in Charleston.  Upon entering the dimly lit, plush restaurant, you will be immediately greeted by someone from the staff or even one of the family members themselves. And when I say greeted, I don't mean someone says hello - you're either getting your hand shaken or hugged. I recommend the spicy shrimp appetizer to start. You'll receive a generous protion of crispy shrimp served in what I assume is a ginger chile sauce with a hint of heat. Channeling your inner Paula Deen? Order the macaroni and cheese. Dare I use the word buttery to describe this? Cheese, butter, cream...what else hurts my heart at the same times as it makes it so happy?I have had all of the non-red meat entrees as Hall's and they are all wonderful with the exception of the cedar plank salmond, which tends to be a bit overcooked.I had never tried bread pudding until my first visit to Hall's. I'm still thanking my friend for ordering this dessert. It's the softest piece of brioche with cinnamon and cherries, drizzled in a praline sauce. It's so good, I get emotional. I am a girl, after all. I might as well embrace it. ;)
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,4/17/2013,12,39,,2,2>First time here even though we've driven past it and said "we should stop there for lunch" more times than I can count. We were staying on Folly with Operation R&R and decided it was finally time. Our son (2) loved the small arcade, book sharing and coloring pages. He especially loved the rocket and space decor, he kept saying "blast off!"  My husband ordered the kielbasa and I went with a classic cosmic dog, while our son had a dog with no bun kids meal. We shared a large basket of fries. The fries were fresh cut and crispy, we loved them, next time, we'll add cheese and bacon though (why not make a good thing better?). My hot dog was yummy with their house sweet potato mustard and Bleu cheese cole slaw, and the kaiser style roll it was served in stayed together until the end. I was disappointed that the only Nehi drink options were grape and orange (peach is my favorite) but they do have draft root beer! We'll definitely be back on our next trip to the beach!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,4/16/2013,73,11,1,3,3>Burger night on Tuesdays! Half off! The photo attached on this venue is showing the weekly countdown to Burger night.This place is my joint. I live right down the street, the waiters know my name by now and are always great to chat with.Everyday is a new special and they are TV's everywhere to watch the game.Play some pool in the back too.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/15/2013,1,9,2,2,2>Love it - we go during happy hr when we make it in time after work. Otherwise you are paying for ambiance pretty much. Don't get me wrong, the sushi is good. Try the Kobe roll!! But everyone is right in raving about the drink. A-FREAKIN-MAZING. Love the spicy one they have. Can't remember the name :/ I think it has muddled blueberries. It's been a while and I've had several diff drinks by them. I even told them once I wasn't a big fan of the drink the waitress recommended and she sent it back for a new one which was amazing. A little bit of a hoitey toitey crowd, but we don't care :) ambiance is really nice. Love the mirrors. Nice restaurant all in all.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/14/2013,0,6,,2,1>I just moved to the area and was looking for a good coffee shop to relax and get some work done, Kudu has definitely fulfilled my needs!!! I am hooked on the dirty chai (chai latte with espresso), the baristas are wonderful, they have a great selection of craft beers, live music, and great pastries... What more could a girl want?
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,4/13/2013,1,2,,1,1>My girlfriend and I wanted something sweet after having lunch a few hours earlier, so we went to Kaminsky's. We were offered a table and sat at the bar until one was ready. I got the brownie sundae and she got the key lime pie. The sundae was great, warm brownie and cold ice cream. Her key lime pie was quite good.Everything was a little bit pricey, especially my black coffee, but the price isn't a deal breaker. The atmosphere is nice, very cozy and clean. There wasn't a big crowd. Everything was fresh and the wait staff was friendly and helpful. Not sure about everything being frozen/thawed out. The one time I've eaten there, it tasted fresh to me. And it is not an ice cream shop, so don't plan on going there for ice cream. I will eat there again.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/12/2013,197,496,6,6,9>Thump.Thump thump.I stepped out of my car and what the hell was that?!Thump.We walk inside and are shocked to see it packed to the gills at 11:30 a.m. - we thought we'd be the first ones there.Thumpthump.We grab a seat outside and it was breezy day, but with the warm sun, just lovely.  Thump.Our server was very nice and personable - the type of person you feel like you've known for a while.  Thumpthumpthump.This is clearly a burger/sandwich place, and I hope you know by now, my initial unit of measurement for how good a restaurant is, is their burger.  I order a regular ol' cheddar burger and wait.Thump.  Thump.  THUMPTHUMPTHUMPTHUMP.The burger!It arrives!Oh gracious skies and glorious friends, the burger arrives!  The thumping had been my tummy, anxious to try this burger!And it was good.  Perfectly medium rare, not greasy, huge mountain of fries.  It was good, but my mind wasn't blown as I expected it to be.  A solid place for a good burger and fun, laid back atmosphere.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,4/11/2013,10,29,,5,3>Jack's Cafe is a quaint little cafe that is located very close to King Street and Calhoun near the College of Charleston campus.  Jack's has been in business for over 35 years.  At one point there were three locations but now there is only the one location in downtown Charleston.  Jack's is categorized as a "short order" cafe that serves up both breakfast and lunch.  Jack's is open from 6:30 am until 3:30 pm.  You will find hamburgers, cheeseburgers, soup, tuna fish, roast beef sandwiches and more on the menu.  I like going to Jack's during the work week because the food is great and the employees make an effort to remember your name and make you feel right at home.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,4/10/2013,109,168,,1,1>Oh. My. God.Crepes. I didn't think they could get any better, until I ate them here. Not only that, but great atmosphere, friendly staff, great smoothies (and kombucha), and cute front patio tables overlooking quaint Queen St.I could write a million haikus of my newfound love for Queen Street Grocery. THAT'S how much I'm feeling this place.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,4/9/2013,0,52,,1,>I really enjoyed my brunch here.  The service was great - our waiter was attentive and funny.  I had the shrimp and grits with sausage, and it was so tasty.  I love that it was a peaceful brunch experience without a booming dining room and a long line out the door.  We took advantage of the fact that we could make a reservation, although I don't think we would have had an issue if we hadn't.  The formal dining room is a bit dressy - so no beach attire or flip flops here.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/8/2013,100,213,2,2,3>I had such a wonderful time last night at Cirque Du Soleil Quidam.  I am hooked and I will be trying to see the others.  It was a feast for the eyes.  Beautiful and acrobatic; musical, dance experience.  A great time for all.  It is a great family outing, or date night.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU GO SEE QUIDAM.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/7/2013,15,25,4,4,6>D'Allesandro's is the best pizza in Charleston. I've had all of the local favorite's (I would make comparisons against other places in Charleston, but I don't want to violate Yelp's TOS). This is the type of pizza that sells itself. I shed tears every time I bite into a Get Gnarly (mine and my wife's favorite).Personally, I love eating in-person, but the environment isn't for everyone.  If you're into hearing Outkast's ATLiens play in entirety while enjoying a great beer and watching guys who love to make pizza ... make pizza, you've got to check this place out. If you're looking for a place to take the kids or get romantical ... probably not a great choice. (Order take out or delivery ... just as great.)This is one of my favorite places in Charleston and us locals are lucky to have it sitting in our neighborhood.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,4/6/2013,118,6,3,4,5>Found this little gem when I was looking for my car one day #newbieinCharleston. And I can't get over how good their fish taco was! I had a grouper fish taco with some homemade cilantro soy sauce aioli on it.  I'm pretty sure I had soy sauce all over me as I walked and ate at the same time (don't do that) but did I care? Not really. I was munching on the best fish taco I've ever had in my life, and looking for my car, life seemed almost perfect at that moment. The Taco Spot has been my to-go's for tacos ever since.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/5/2013,91,178,2,3,3>It's a neat, eclectic little place - I have heard about this and only recently tried it, it's in the strangest location- some upcoming, pretent-historical development?! lol, it's very cool looking and not a "I was just passing by" place whatsoever (not if you live anywhere outside park circle, I guess), so you should take a trip there.  Mixson has a small selection of wines and beers to buy, many local - as well as some local gifts. I had an iced latte - perfectly rich and roasted tasting. For lunch I had the pimento cheese and pickled green tomato - something that sounded awful in my mind but was awesome and I have been craving it ever since. Good on them for making me addicted to something I can only get there! It was cheesy/savory/sour taste. They have gluten free bread options!! I'll bring my gluten-free family members when I go back for more pickled green tomato and pimento cheese. Only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 was the sandwich comes with no side- no salad, no chips, no nothin!! Also interesting to note is the dinning area, which is just a dinning table - This is either really cool or really awkward.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,4/4/2013,61,33,3,3,3>Great spot for breakfast, lunch, or dinner - think deli style upgraded. An amazing salad and sandwich bar, delicious prepared foods, and yummy coffee and bakery items too! There is also a small but well stocked gourmet food and beverage market in the store. Free wifi keeps it a bit crowded but there are usually spots to eek out for you or a group and on a nice day outside seating is available too!Lots of gluten-free options, too!Parking is metered mainly. Tough to find downtown but if you are on foot - C&B is worth stopping in during a day on King St.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,4/3/2013,41,29,2,3,3>Sugar makes the most of its little storefront--all the yummies are attractively displayed to surround you when you enter.  Everything about Sugar is so inviting--the bakery, the food, and the people.We had four types of cupcakes (chocolate almond coconut, red velvet with cream cheese frosting, strawberry mint, and German chocolate) and some cookies (M&M and white chocolate macadamia nut).  WHOOOOOOOA!  More please?
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,4/2/2013,10,12,1,4,2>Danger Will Robinson, dangerously good that is! This place is so good, you will want to set up shop on the patio in a tent. My wife took me here for my birthday, and if it was my last meal, I would have died a happy man. Between the amuse bouche (a crispy crostini with a crawfish) and the lobster 3 ways (the ravioli was rich and buttery), we quickly figured out we were at the right place.We waited at the bar and had oysters and Tattinger to warm up. Great service and conversation. Though I can not recall the type of oysters, they were fresh and sweet. The minerality cleansed my pallet. Six couldn't have been enough, but I knew we had an uphill climb. We had two couples ask for the coconut cake with their drinks (one couple finished, and the second couple who took their place took the same path), which we found odd, but we we would find out why later.We started off with a house made charcuterie special (three words: smoked duck bacon) and a steak tar tar that portion and size wise was the best we've had (it put NYC's Locanda Verde to shame). On top of that, I've never had bread fresher. It could have been baked minutes before, and I believe it was.For entrees, a half roasted chicken for my wife and the NY strip medium rare for me. Perfect char on the outside of the steak, but a center that melted away in my mouth... Simply fantastic. Even the chicken was so tender that it was like whip cream. You barely had to chew. We pared this with a 08 Domino del Plata "Susana Balboa Signature" Malbec. We shared a side of asparagus with fig preserve.We then finally made it to dessert...(dramatic pause) Coconut Cake! Though we couldn't finish it, it made an amazing breakfast the next morning. It is everything anyone says it is. A true signature. Billy our waiter provided amazing service. Some of the best service I've ever had, but at a distance not to interrupt the amazing time my wife and I were having. My hat is off to Chef Graham Dailey. Though a few other celebrity chefs (remaining nameless) who are supposedly dominating the scene, Chef Dailey is by far the best. We saw him in the kitchen, and it spoke high volume. If I could afford it, I would be here every day. Regardless, I dream of the next time I'm sitting enjoying a fabulous glass of wine with ever more favorable company, in the Peninsula Grill.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/1/2013,25,59,,7,2>This review is long overdue as I have had my VW worked on by the guys at C&M 3 times (most recently had the drains on my Passat cleared after I found water on my floorboard).  They have become my go-to shop whenever I need work done because they not only recognize the problem immediately, they fix it for far less than the dealership.  Ben and the crew at C&M are great and I will continue to give them my business.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,3/31/2013,2,2,2,2,1>What can be said. I've been here several times and the food is always the same. The filet is all i've ever had and there is a reason. I'm from the northern va area and even with the fabulous restaurants that we have there and the well known restaurants that are here i put Red Drum second to known. Ben the chef puts out the best steak ive had. Cbarlie  helped us pick our wine and price is not something he focuses on but more of your overall experience. In an area laden with some of the best restaurants in the area i give props to those who are consistent with everything they do. A++++ I will go again and again and that is just for the one item.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,3/30/2013,48,59,2,3,3>What a great place to sit back and enjoy a nice glass of wine. My wife and I go here as much as we can. We absolutely love the people that work there. They are friendly, knowledgable and not pretentious at all. This is not one of those high-brow, over the top wine bars. It is beautifully appointed and looks high scale but once you walk in and are greeted by this terrific staff any anxiety melts away.In fact, melting away is exactly what you do here. Whether you are tasting several wines, having a glass of your favorite or one suggested by the staff, sampling the cheeses or chocolates you just could not care at all about what is happening outside the doors.I would highly recommend this wine bar to all - novice to professional wine drinker.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,3/29/2013,13,1,3,2,2>Love this place.  Great for couples or groups of friends that want to enjoy an intimate neighborhood style bar.  I always see someone I know in there and the drink choices (wine and beer) are solid!!  They also do really cool wine infused cocktails.  Ask about wine shots!!!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,3/28/2013,31,20,2,5,3>Bin 152 is a delightful, chill, wine, charcuterie, cheese and bread bar. One of the friendly owners, Fanny, is French and therefore is inherently qualified to recommend among their large wine selection for you. I've eaten a lot of charcuterie and cheese in my time, and Bin's is outstanding... way above average. The place is decorated with an ever-changing array of artwork and antiques, which are available for sale, and romantically lit by candlelight. There's a bar to sit at, tables along each wall, and a long social table in the middle, where it's fun to park and see what prospective new friends show up.Oh and by the way, a super-nice and super-clean bathroom. Lastly, see if you can find Fanny and Patrick's pug Armando whose image is embedded in Bin's logo on the front glass. Like Where's Waldo, you know?Newly improved on Sundays (as of March 2013) they're now open seven days a week!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2007,3/27/2013,80,240,4,5,3>The right corner of the "Bar-muda" Triangle in West Ashley, Voodoo Lounge offers tropical drinks in authentic tiki mugs with silly straws and fruit. (The other points are Gene's Haufbrau and Triangle Grill) Don't let the drinks fool you, this is a serious hipster hangout. There's a velvet painting of Jesus and a semi on the back wall I covet. Just don't come hungry. The pizzas are okay, but the rest of the menu is slim picking. And whatever you do, please don't order wine. I drink the Dark & Stormies (dark rum and ginger beer) and the Mai Tais.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,3/26/2013,36,44,1,2,4>By far the best bar I've been to in a long time. I went on a Wednesday night so it was almost empty but still delightful. I let one of the bartenders mix me drinks, my only request was for bourbon. I got three different drinks and they were all excellent. As I sit in the hotel lobby waiting for the airport shuttle, I discover that they have NUTELLA POPTARTS! Hello...put down whatever you're doing, go get one and tell me every detail so that I may live vicariously through you until I can make it back. Seriously. Go here if you want to skip the college bars and have a nice chat and a drink. Amazing.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,3/25/2013,7,8,,3,1>This is our favorite BBQ joint in Charleston. We get the "Smoky Oak Experience" which allows us to taste a good portion of the meats, 3 sides and their killer corn bread. My son is obsessed with their mac and cheese and sausage, which I don't blame him since we all are. Definitely try the collard greens, they are amazing.It's always a good meal when we go to Smoky Oak.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,3/24/2013,127,6,,2,1>The best gelato ever!  Of course Pistachio is my favorite, so I hardly ever give other flavors try, but when I do I am never disappointed. Try mix/match flavors. To-go containers for family dinner get-togethers is well worth the extra effort to please both kids and adults!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/23/2013,17,74,,2,1>This is the best pizza I have had in Charleston. I lived in Italy for three years, and it has been hard to find pizza that even comes close to tasting as good; Fam's definitely comes the closest. The Angry Hawaiian is delicious; I get it with regular sauce vs the spicy tomato. The Fam's Feta  is really good too. You can build your own pizza, or choose from one of their specialty pizzas.  It is great having them at Azalea Square.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,3/22/2013,52,77,3,3,5>Diggity Doughtnuts is Divine!Yep, they're good. We're talking "wait-in-line-for-15-minutes-and-you-don't-even-­care" good. Here is a list of my all time favorites:1.) Lemon (love it!)2.) Lavender Sugar3.) Kiwi Margarita4.) Raspberry Champagne5.) Peanut Butter & SirachaBuy a bunch and sample them all. Enjoy!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,3/19/2013,1,10,2,4,2>I've lived in downtown Charleston for a little over a year now and I can honestly say I've been to Dell'z more than 15 times. Okay, 14. Whatever.This place is the bomb diggity. Teeny tiny cafe- equally cozy atmosphere. Dell is such a sweetheart she'll make you feel like a local the first time you go. Get the Jazzy Pizza, or the Beach Bum, or (of course) the Sassy Chicken. In every wrap she crams as many veggies, beans, meat (optional- she also does vegan) and deliciousness as possible and tops it off with her homemade 'goddess' or a variety of other sauces. (also vegan!)you MUST go here.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,3/18/2013,23,27,2,1,3>I've always loved this place for a quick sandwich or salad on the health food dessert that is James Island, but I never went totally gaga over the menu.  However, today I stopped in for breakfast, and everything changed.  Not only is their coffee excellent but the vegan oatmeal tastes like apple cobbler.  It's incredible.  The service was also wonderful.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,3/17/2013,22,35,,5,2>On Warren but right off King, this place is great for delicious, fresh Italian food. Every dish I have tried is full of flavor. I have always had attentive service and never been disappointed! It's cozy inside and has a romantic  patio.  This is one of my favorite places to eat in Charleston, the crustini with fig and gorgonzola is awesome!  I recommend this place to everyone I know who is looking for good quality food and service, reasonable prices for a nice place, and a wonderful dining experience!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,3/16/2013,37,124,2,6,2>I have been here multiple times now and although there have been minor hiccups everything from the service to the food here is muy excelente.  Their Burrito Texano is spot on for the california burrito I came to love and cherish while living in San Diego for many years.  The chips and salsa that they provide free of charge (even to go) are premium.  I can go on and on about how great everything on their menu is but I think you just need to try for yourself and I look forward to seeing your 5-star ratings on here as well.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,3/15/2013,54,164,3,3,4>The wife and I needed lunch on Saturday, and had been talking about heading to Daniel Island to try some of their other restaurants for some time.  She found the review for Alchemy on Yelp, and it looked like the type of place we'd frequent, with good food and craft beer.  We arrived with the little one, and while it was empty (it was pretty early, before noon), the restaurant didn't feel like it was too quiet to have a child there.  I'm sure it wouldn't be as good for kids at dinnertime, but Pax is pretty quiet, other than the occasional excited squeal, so I wouldn't be afraid to bring him here for dinner.  The ambiance is really nice, with a couple TVs showing sports and a nice, large wooden bar.  We ordered a couple pints, and while the beer list isn't huge, it's pretty solid.  I had Point End of the World Porter, then a Holy City Pluff Mudd Porter (which is fast becoming my go-to local brew).  Both were great!As for food, we both ordered burgers - I had a rare burger with goat cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and bacon caramelized onions, and it was very good, though it needed seasoning.  It's served with a good portion of very well seasoned potato wedges, which really made me wonder about why the burger wasn't well seasoned.  Anyway, I put some salt & pepper (oh, this is the type of restaurant that seems to believe that you don't need salt or pepper at your table, and that you should ask for it, because their food is meant to be eaten the way it's served - BAD IDEA, at every restaurant, ever) on the burger, and really enjoyed the hell out of it.  The goat cheese had a great tang and worked well with the onions and mushrooms.  I'd definitely order the burger again!We haven't had dinner here, yet, but it's reasonably priced for lunch.  I looked at the dinner menu, and it does trend a little more expensive, especially the $17 kobe beef burger (it might be great, but is it worth $9 more than the $8 burger at lunch???).
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/14/2013,94,147,1,4,3>Always a treat! Its local comedy at its best! Love the hole in the wall atmosphere w/such unique art work everywhere. You can get wine & beer during the show & I always laugh my butt off. These guys know what they are doing & its such an affordable amazing time, why wouldn't you go!!?
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/13/2013,28,96,2,4,3>In honor of becoming a new member of the Elite squad, I figured I needed to write a LONG overdue review.Oh Sunrise Bistro, how much I love thee...My friend lives in Johns Island so she knew about this gem of an eatery. She suggested we go to Sunrise Bistro after a nearby 5K event as she'd tried it before and always enjoyed it. I've since eaten at Sunrise a total of 3 times? Not sure but certainly not enough. Any run event that we do in the general area, WILL be followed up with a stop at Sunrise Bistro for breakfast, that I can promise. Quick rundown of what I've had (sadly only breakfast but hope to rectify that one day!) - JB's Ultimate Burrito w/ sausage and pepperjack grits. I love breakfast burritos and this one was REALLY good. First time trying the pepperjack grits and from bite one knew we had a winner and I'd order them again. Dang good grits!Bacon, egg and cheese everything bagel sandwich. I was afraid of a bagel sandwich because if the bagel isn't executed well, it'd be a fail. FANTASTIC and repeated this tasty combo the last time I ate there (along with a side of those grits!). I've sampled my friends' shrimp and grits, grits bowl and corned beef hash - all super tasty!I love their coffee table. Had their southern pecan pie coffee last visit and I'm glad I only got a half a mug the first time, because it allowed me to get a second cup! My friend wanted a second cup because it was so good but had no room. I love the look and feel of the place which, besides the fantastic food, is another reason I'm bound and determined to try their lunch and dinner menu. **disclaimer - I really think I've eaten other things from Sunrise (biscuits & gravy? house potatoes?) but since I'm not positive, I'll maybe add to this review down the road.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,3/12/2013,60,163,2,10,3>We reserved 6 days and nights for our dog when we had to leave for a trip.  It is incredibly close to the airport so it is easy to drop off your pup if you are flying out.   In addition to boarding, I also chose to have my dog participate in daycare, which was only an additional $6 a day.  I loved, loved, loved, that I could watch my dog playing from my phone!  It was amazing, especially since we were 3,000 miles away.  When I dropped my dog off, I asked if I could look around the facilities, as I had never been there before.  I was let into the boarding area and able to walk around.  It was VERY clean, and the suites were spacious.  They stress that they are an open facility and you are welcome to stop by unannounced during business hours.I also have to say that, the manager Ashley and the owners are exceptional people.  A day or two after we picked up our dog, we noticed she had a deep cut inside of her cheek.  I assume that this happened during daycare by accident during playtime. Since it was deep inside her mouth it likely went unnoticed.  We contacted the manager and she was very concerned and willing to help.  She and the owners worked with us regarding this situation and I am extremely pleased with how they handled it.  I don't think most daycares would have been as accommodating and helpful.The owners really care about their customers and their dogs and their customer service was unparalleled.  We will definitely be bringing our dog back for daycare and boarding.  I could tell from the webcam that our dog had an absolute blast.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,3/11/2013,68,163,4,6,7>There are three things at Carter's that I am stark raving looney tunes fanatic about.1. Peanut Brittle Cake with Salted Caramel.2. The Seared Scallops on Mashed Sweet Potato with Bacon Marmalade.3. Everything else.Enough. Just go already.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/9/2013,59,28,1,2,2>Great food, good location, amazing serviceThis is one the top restaurants in Charleston. I got the salmon and it was amazing. The food here isn't cheap, but it was definitely worth it. The desert is to die for!!! Our table sampled everything on the dessert menu and every single desert was amazing. Definitely check this place out if you are in Charleston. We went during the week so I am not sure about weekend reservations, but during the week I don't think reservations are really necessary. We didn't have any and we were seated and served promptly.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,3/8/2013,14,5,2,2,2>SNOB was a great start to our evening. Four fabulous ladies & I were out for a bachelorette party. Now, let me say that SNOB is not a typical place for this kind of party, but we began our evening in a classy manner there.Our waitress was very attentive as we ordered cocktails. Three of us had the peach sangria which was very good, fresh peaches were waiting at the bottom of the 4 oz glass. I had the sirloin special on a bed of pea purée and sweet potato hash. The sirloin was cooked perfectly at medium as requested. However, I would have loved to have only 4oz instead of 6-8. I know that sounds very picky, but I would have enjoyed less meat and more vegetables.The pea purée and the hash had some spice to them. I expected a little more contrast of flavors between those two dishes. The hash was made of sweet potato cubes, sautéed onions, bacon chunks, & corn. It was my favorite part of the meal. It is a but pricy at over $20 per plate for dinner, but the food is great!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,3/7/2013,9,3,2,3,3>CO has a chic industrial atmosphere that fits seamlessly into the King Street feel of downtown Charleston. There is a generously-sized bar downstairs and ample space for dining upstairs. I love the exposed brick walls and black and red color scheme; it's a great mix of contemporary and modern.   Their lunch/dinner menu has a variety of options from small to large meals with vegetarian dishes too. The drink menu offers a range of sakes and specialty cocktails. You must try the House Coconut Shot - it's only $3 and so yummy! I would definitely recommend the Vietnamese Chicken Salad and Beef Pho Broth Noodles. The servers have always been very knowledgeable of the menu and offer recommendations, which is really helpful if you're not familiar with Vietnamese food. I would encourage college students, young professionals and edgy tourists to visit CO.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2006,3/6/2013,29,101,2,5,3>I went to Ted's after seeing it mentioned in Food & Wine magazine. It's a small shop in a strip mall with a straight forward menu. They feature deli sandwiches, panini, and salads for eat-in or takeout but also have a wide selection of meats and cheeses.The panini that I had was delicious (Australian lamb with a yogurt and orange zest dipping sauce); the bread was perfect.Apart from lunch, I was also impressed with their service. Another customer was looking for cheese and the staff seemed very helpful, cutting samples and suggesting wine parings.They don't have a huge number of wines to choose from, but I think that what sets them apart is that their wine selections are ones you can't find elsewhere. Unfortunately they're also overpriced.It's also the only place in Charleston where I've seen quality duck breasts for sale. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/5/2013,46,19,3,9,5>Went to Butcher & Bee for lunch yesterday with no expectations, having never heard of it... which isn't too surprising, considering that's tucked inconspicuously off Upper King St.   There was definitely a hipster-off-beat vibe given the refurbished furniture and weird family style seating... but that didn't matter (although we had a group of 6, and got lucky to get 6 seats together).I can't think of anything negative to say about the food... in fact, I would say that it was probably one of the best meals I have had in Charleston yet.  As far as being "pricey" goes, I don't agree, especially for the quality.  I have found in Charleston that the price of the food pretty much never reflects how good/unique the meal is, except in this case. I got the roast beef sandwich, and I have to say it was PHENOMENAL, and quite big.  The beef was tender and rare, definitely home roasted, with a fresh toasty bun.  There was some kind of sweet onion jam on there, which I could have inhaled by the spoonful.  All together, the flavors perfectly melded together, and I was quite satisfied.The workers were really cool, and I sensed that they felt pride in the food they were producing, which was really refreshing.  I can't wait to go back for more.. and since their menu changes daily, it won't be hard to have a different experience every time!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,3/4/2013,4,18,3,5,3>This is the greatest beer shop ever.  It is craft beer heaven.  They were able to fill my growler, even though it was a different style than the one they carry.  Other beer shops (most notably in Brooklyn) have refused in the past, so I was quite happy.  I got a delicious beer!  It was $18 for a growler fill, which is slightly high in my book; however, it was quite worth it.  The growler fills went anywhere from $12 to $30, so it really depends on what you purchase.  I was also able to find Dogfish Head Red and White Ale in bottle- one of my favs!!  And it was VERY reasonable priced- a few bucks less than Total Wine and Bev.  And there were so many craft beers I've never heard of, but I'm sure are tasty, that I don't think I could even try everything they have- at least not on my current budget.  An absolute gem, and a shop I wish was in every city.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/3/2013,24,110,,2,2>Picked this place based on Yelp reviews and didn't disappoint at all. Calamari fries are all they are cracked up to be and I don't eat fish! Salads were enjoyed by all. The wild mushroom papadelle was rich and meaty. Hubby got the tandoori chicken which he cleared his plate. Sister got the chicken and waffles which she said was good. (We have high opinions on chicken and waffles since the best to be found are in Hilton Head at Wise Guys.) Brother in law got scallops on an amazing bed of risotto. Seriously the best I've ever had. He also got a side of jalapeno cheddar polenta fries. Yep. Food heaven. We want to go back. Way to full to contemplate dessert or the cheddar soup that was also available.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/2/2013,163,364,,5,3>Hard to believe this doesn't have any internet presence at all.. Very friendly workers here, and lots of different kinds of fresh seafood. They also sell deviled crabs for $2. Hoping to get a bushel of oysters later this season!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,3/1/2013,86,456,1,7,6>I have been to this Cactus a thousand times over the years and never really thought about writing a review of it. What kind of exciting reviews can you write about a car wash, right?I do have to say that over the past six months or so I have seen a huge change. It has to be under new management. It now has a do-it-yourself vacuum station and a drive thru wash. They have a great special for $4.99, which is a basic wash. A couple of weeks ago I was in and the manager offered me the daily special of $20-something for a hand wash and wax. He said it was because I was a loyal customer. Even if he offered to every person that drove thru, he made me feel special at the time and I did it. Very good business, plus my car looked hot afterwards!The guys are always super nice and my car looks brand new, whether I get the high end wash or cheap one. I think it's a thousand times better than any other wash in town!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,2/27/2013,55,83,4,5,6>Holy City Brewing is a fine representation of Charleston beer culture. They clearly have a passion for what they do, and their beers are amazing. I've tried several, and my growler routinely houses some of their finest. They have the award winning Pluff Mudd Porter, the excellent Collision Stout, the tasty Humble Warrior IPA, and are always coming up with other creative brews. I find myself choosing their beers over bigger name breweries when I'm out and about locally because they're just that good.Definitely visit the brewery for your growler fills if you're wanting some Holy City brew to take home. Their fills are only ten bucks unlike other growler stations that charge about thirteen for HCB. They always have food trucks in front of the brewery on Saturdays, so you can get your grub on while you sip on their beer. They also have events all the time that you can keep up with on their website. There's a pool table, darts, and corn hole set up to play some games while you hang out.I only have one small problem with visiting the brewery itself. They have very little seating. It's a small bar strip and then a barrel table or two. The tasting room is huge, and I would love to see more seating.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,2/26/2013,12,22,2,3,5>What a great place!First off, love the ambiance!  Cool, amber lighting, books behind the bar, gorgeous, hardwood bar with ample seating either at the bar or at tables or booths.  Very casual, very mellow.  I could see myself drinking many beers there with friends, and I'm not much of a beer drinker.The food here is good and cheap.  J got the fried chicken sandwich with fries and it was solid.  The fried chicken was moist and delicious and was topped with a pickled slaw that made everything taste better.  The fries come with your choice of dipping sauce and we went with malt-mayo.  We were not disappointed.  The fries weren't greasy at all but were crisp and delicious.  All of that for 8$.  You can't beat that. I got the vegetarian mac and cheese and I was a happy girl.  Mepkin Abbey mushrooms, local kale and a three cheese sauce over orecchiette with toasty, garlicy breadcrumbs?  YES PLEASE!  Also, and I wasn't there late enough to try it, but they serve Poutine after 9pm - What! What!  Real poutine?  In the south?  Good God I hope so!!Now on to the sauce, the booze, the liquid gold.  Can I say how NICE it is to finally have a good bar with a really good selection of beer and booze up in this hizzy?!?!  I mean, seriously people!  I just want to go someplace with interesting beers and tasty treats and chill out.  THANK YOU CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.  Tons of beer on tap, lots more in bottles, from Chimay to Pabst, they've got you covered.  Also if you're a liquor kinda person, check out their specialty booze menu - Very Nice!Apparently each month is themed - March is Irish Beer Month - and they offer samplers to match.  4, 5oz Irish beers for 10 bucks - FUN!Look, the name might be a bit weak, but Closed For Business most certainly is not.  Long may they stay open!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/25/2013,48,79,2,2,3>Did Husk live up to all of its hype?  Yes!  And then some.  My girlfriend and I went into Husk expecting a lot and it delivered.  First, the restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  You can tell that the owners paid attention to the details and it shows.  They crafted the perfect Southern dinner.We started off with the cornbread which was some of the best that I have ever tasted.  Then came the entrees, which were unbelievable.  I got the Bison short ribs and my girlfriend got the chicken.  They both were cooked perfectly.  I really like the farm-to-table movement and Husk took it to another level.  All of our dishes were well thought at and you could tell that the kitchen took the time to make sure every dish was perfect.  So tasty!  And thanks to Chris, our server, who was super nice and did a great job serving us.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/24/2013,9,31,2,2,2>Yum! Fried chicken, buttermilk biscuits, collard greens, yes please. Lived in charleston for 3 years. I only went there twice. Both times were very memorable. I got a banana pudding Martini one time, which for a banana lover like me, was seriously to die for. Not too sweet, not too creamy, perfect balance of alcohol. I love this place and is considered fine dining. Right in the heart of east bay so plenty of places to go for a nightcap or happy hour before hand. Love it!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/23/2013,14,215,,3,2>My husband and I visited on RCC's third night open and were pleasantly surprised. We were nervous going to a restaurant so early in it's infancy but Rutledge Cab Co was on point. The inside is small so the majority of their seating is on a covered patio. 90% of the year this will serve them well but it was a bit cold the evening we went so it wasn't ideal. That said, they had heaters and plastic over the windows so it was doable. Our service was great! Almost too attentive but I appreciated the fact that they are trying to impress out the gate. I *think* our server was named Scotty and he was exactly what you want from a server. Quick, friendly, and not overbearing. We started with the fried cheese curds which I was exceptionally excited about as I'm from Wisconsin and that's one of the five main food groups up there. This is only the second place in Charleston I've found fried cheese curds and they were pretty good. Cypress does them slightly better but all in all I was happy. I had a breakfast dish (did I mention they serve breakfast ALL DAY!!) and my husband had the mushroom burger. He LOVED it. Said it was a great bun, good burger to bun ratio, and cooked perfectly. My only compliant was they didn't have a NA beer option. As a preggo I would have appreciated at least one option. Over all, this is a great addition to the Charleston restaurant scene and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,2/22/2013,200,305,7,5,5>What up, TBL?! Gosh, is Yelp aware of my noodle obsession? Well, if not, allow me to tell you. I will search far and wide, cross vast distances, and maybe even fight to the death for a solid bowl of noodles. It's an addiction. The Bowl-o-noodles at Two Boroughs kicks it! I always add kimchi and a few other fixins' to sass it up. I get it almost every time and I am always so happy I could spit... but I don't because that would be an inappropriate thing to do in a restaurant, obviously.  I've had the beets, the brussels, and tried their egg sandwiches. All items have pleased me. They also have a great selection of beers to choose from. A meal here can be pricey, but it's fresh, local and delicious - def worth it. One more thing... yeah... it is definitely a hipster haven, but that is many places around Upper King right now. Throw on some thick rimmed glasses and join the crowd. It's more fun that way.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,2/21/2013,4,29,3,4,3>First off, the decor and feel when you walk into Fish is awesome.  Very pretty, yet warm and inviting.  Hostesses were very friendly and waitstaff was stellar.  We were being difficult and asked a lot of questions, which our waiter always had an answer to.  He was also able to make helpful recommendations.  The food was outstanding.  Must try the dim sum, especially the duck confit steam bun.  The menu has a perfect variation without an overwhelming number of options.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/20/2013,139,356,1,3,2>I read the other reviews prior to coming to sake house.  My son wanted to come here for his birthday.  We went on a Sunday lunch.  Quiet, clean, and our waitress was wonderful.  We ordered sushi and my children loved it.  We sat at the hibachi table we had our salad & soup.  My kids scarfed that down like it was the best thing in the world.  Their ginger based sauce is excellent.  I've tried other places and never really liked it but theirs was just right for my palate.  Egg toss! My husband ordered scallop & chicken and he ate it all.  The mixed veggie stir fry was very good.  Seasoned to perfection.  The children & I had steak & shrimp.  It was delicious.  The rice was good and not as salty as some hibachi places. Everything was seasoned properly.  I fell sometimes some chefs go to a soy sauce over load.The portion are smaller but we didn't mind because the food was delicious.  We celebrated my sons birthday and Rey brought out drums & disco light and happy birthday song. It was fun.  He had a fried ice cream.  It was very good.  Over all this was fun.  The ambiance was very nice.  Food was good.  Bathroom were clean.  Chef was very polite.  Waitress is wonderful.  We would come again.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,2/19/2013,95,49,,1,1>Great streetside eatery! The place was hopping! When the weather is beautiful - they open up the windows and the breeze is awesome.I love to people watch and really enjoy places that have open air seating like this. We had the low country steam pot! Lots of crab, oysters, clams, sausage, and shrimp with a little potatoes, sausage and corn thrown in! It was a bit spicey but it was very yummy and enough for two! We would go back and try other dishes!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/18/2013,48,86,1,3,2>I just went here for the second time, this time for dinner.  I give Eli's Table 5 stars for dinner and 4 stars for breakfast.  Tonight I had the basil and parmesan crusted fish, which came with vegetable ratatouille, garlic mashed potatoes, and boursin cheese.  It was light, had complex flavors, cooked to perfection and delicious.  My husband ordered the filet mignon with a side of the blue cheese macaroni.  He said his steak was as good, if not better than what he would make, and he considers himself a steak/ fillet mignon expert.  We both loved the macaroni and cheese, too!  We then had dessert, which was a special black currant and green tea cheesecake.  We weren't sure if this would be a good experiment or not by the sound of it or the look of it for that matter, but we were very pleasantly surprised.  Again, the flavors were light, but present and complex.  There were hints of black currant followed by green tea and the house made caramel sauce was awesome with it!  We will definitely return as soon as possible, which is saying a lot in this town when you have enough restaurants to eat somewhere different every day.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,2/17/2013,21,118,,3,2>My husband and I ate here for an early breakfast on 11/24/12. This place is in a great location, and has wonderful food! Especially their homemade apple butter. You must try! The staff are also super friendly, and I heard many people being told variations of the phrase "We are so glad you joined us today". It made me feel like they valued our business. My husband had the Eggs Meetings Street as suggested by our waiter, and he LOVED it! I had the Ham, Bacon and Cheese Omelette and a cappuccino, also delicious. The grits had light cheddar (I asked for it), and were done so well. Being from Florida, I can NEVER find a place that does grits well. This was it! I also wish I had about 5 biscuits so I could keep eating the apple butter, but alas my stomach could hold no more. So glad we picked this place!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/16/2013,3,44,3,4,3>Anson was probably my favorite meal during my week of gluttony in Charleston - I actually liked it so much, I came back for a second visit (which really says something when you come to town with a food bucket list). Some unsolicited advice - if you're coming to town to eat, bring foodie friends and split plates at a number of restaurants each evening. We were able to knock out four places in one night!The service at Anson was exceptional. The manager walked through the menu with us and actually had the kitchen put together an appetizer plate for us that basically represented some of the menu highlights. The plate included the pork belly (awesome with great presentation), the pate (not my favorite, but that's just an issue of personal preference), shrimp cracklin, pimento cheese, and the fried green tomatoes, which were probably my favorite I've ever had. Like, ever, ever.I also ordered the shrimp and grits for my meal, which was also probably my favorite shrimp and grits I've had (the sauce is awesome).
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/15/2013,283,570,2,6,4>When it comes to good fresh seafood Crosby's is my go to market. It's a rather small market upstairs from the marina in a beautiful location on Folly.  I've bought some of the best local shrimp and live crabs from here; and when I think about cooking up some good seafood Crosby's is the first place that comes to mind. Only a couple of miles down the road, so that makes it very convenient for me to run down and grab some crab when I need to. The staff here is great and if they don't have something in stock they are more than happy to place an order for you if you have time to wait or let you know when a certain seafood delight will be delivered.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/14/2013,145,54,1,6,3>The perfect bar, really. And, I have been to plenty!Charleston and Upper King are beyond charming - but, I must say, The Rarebit is an establishment that I will undoubtedly remember (even after several cocktails) and want to return upon our next visit to this lovely town.As others have said: the vibe is cool and, the service is savvy, the atmosphere is modern yet welcoming, and the cocktails are. . .just incredible. Not to mention, very affordable - all drinks are under a $10 price point.We did not, however, have any food while at The Rarebit - but, the menu looked excellent. Upscale yet approachable bar food. Again, very affordable.Upon a fortuitous suggestion from a local, we came to The Rarebit - I'll return the favor to others and also suggest that you do the same. Go to The Rarebit and enjoy  :)
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,2/13/2013,29,9,1,3,2>Monza is consistently delicious and sadly often overlooked as far as Upper King restaurants go. The Ronnie Peterson is the best pizza I've had from them, a close second was a special they did a few months back that included all fresh John's Island veggies like squash, tomato, zucchini, eggplant, etc. Speaking of specials, they do a pasta and pizza special daily that is definitely worth considering before you get your mind set on a menu item. Everything on the menu is light and fresh so pizza for lunch won't make you feel overfull. Service is great, I love sitting up at the bar and watching everyone's food being prepared. Wine list is lacking but it's obviously not their main focal point. Excellent lunch spot if you're in the area though this would even work as a destination lunch.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,2/12/2013,33,53,1,5,4>We made a reservation via open table for 5 people for Christmas Eve. We had heard about this great new eatery opening up on upper King and wanted to experience it first hand.We went Christmas Eve.Walking into Stars is like walking into a Humphrey Bogart movie. You expect to see Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra sitting at the bar.It has that woodsy, cigar smoking classy feel to it. You immediately  notice that the wait staff are dressed in white coats with white shirts and black ties. Also noticeable  were that most were males and not to sound sexist but it added to the classiness of the joint.The bar is center stage and has a cool wine pour system.A couple of us had trouble picking a red wine. They do sell by the glass and by the liter which I guess is a good value comparing it to a bottle but still they get New York prices. I would have loved to see a liter under $30. The bartenders were very attentive and happy to sample the wines. My younger daughter ordered a soda  and it was served like a grown up cocktail small detail but impressive non the less. The She Crab soup was so worth whatever they charged for it. Best I have ever had from New England to the tip of Florida. We also tried the oysters app another tasty dish and the waiter suggested we add another oyster to the dish so all at the table could sample.Our waiter was probably new to the game but you could tell he was familiar with the menu and briefed as well.Short Ribs or should I say Rib was excellent accompanied by assorted vegetables you'll never see at the grocery store. The NY strip steak looked more like a Filet Mignon as far as the shape. It was cooked as ordered a tasty piece of meat. I ordered the Salmon which was cooked med rare and delicious it was served on pureed parsnip in a small bowl with I think a leaf of wilted spinach. I guess the pendulum swung from putting small portions on large plates to putting small portions on small plates.The dish was great but if you are hungry this isn't going to cut it. It should be billed as a small plate.I think it's a wonderful restaurant that I would go back to once a year or if I had guests in town. Although I will definitely be back to experience the roof top bar maybe for drinks and appetizers.I finished the evening by stopping at a gas station for a bag of Lays potato chips because I was starving to death. So much for the healthy Salmon!  Funny how you don't have to acquire a taste for potato chips!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/11/2013,221,34,3,6,4>I spend a silly amount of time at The Macintosh. Whether it's to meet up with friends, have a drink, eat some nibbles or a full meal, "The Mac" is hands down my favorite restaurant/bar to be at. I've had brunch, dinner, dessert, and random snacks sent out by the chef or bartenders, because yeah, they're that cool there. The staff does a wonderful job of making you feel important without overwhelming you or coming off fake. They're really genuine and what I really have noticed about them is that they love the restaurant too. It shows in how they greet you, serve you, and insist you come back for more. It works -- I always do.Chef Jeremiah Bacon focuses his menu on fresh, seasonal cuisine with a bit of a Southern flair. Southern food is typically not my favorite, but they've killed my fears of fat-laden entrees -- they're worth it. And for the days I'm feeling healthy, a local veggie plate hits the spot.How do I know I go too much? They've create a cocktail for me. The "Xtina" (habanero-infused tequila, lime juice, agave, and soda water) is a blend of sweet & spicy... just like the chick it's named after. ;)
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/10/2013,5,41,4,9,4>This place is off the chain. I am not even sure I remember how I was introduced to this establishment, but man is it going to become a regular place of visit! Fire Street Food has a nice diverse menu, but its tight. For a very casual eatery, there are just the right amount of goodies on the menu, just the right amount of choices. Not pages of options with 12 different turkey sandwiches, but in someway they are all deemed different...somehow. The variety is PERFECT. And besides the food, the second best thing is, they are so affordable! Not exaggerating, like 98% of the entrees on the menu are priced between $6 and$10! Laid back atmosphere. You walk in, seat yourself at the bar if its an eat and run situation, or at one of the tables.We started with one of the "Classic Sushi Rolls" the Spider Roll, made with soft shell crab. Home run...AH the crab was nice and crunchy, fresh avocado, so delicious. For an entree, I ended up trying the Gang Dang Dai, labeled on the menu as "authentic eats". Chicken with Red curry, basil, lime, wonderful variety of veggies over rice. It was FANTASTIC! The portions were very sizable, so you can clear the less cost less quality/quantity theory out of your mind. It was mildly spicy with lots of veggies and a wonderful thick sauce. I can actually see it easily being served like a soup minus the rice...it has the consistency of a bisque. Very delish and filling! My g/f got the Shrimp and Crab Sandwich...wow. A huge sandwich with soft shell crab and slightly fried shrimp with avocado and other veggies on a baguette. Stellar! It comes with fries or a salad and she chose the salad which again had a wonderful array of veggies from oranges to juicy cherry tomatoes with a light vinaigrette. That sandwich and salad were only  $10.95! There are delis around here where you can barely get a reg. sandwich and chips for that much. Not only that, but one of the staff members, I am not sure if she was one of the proprietors or not, but she came to our table twice to say hello and check up on us, see how the food was etc...Very pleasant. I will definitely be making this a regular place of visit. Great food, Very affordable prices, very welcoming and casual atmosphere...my kind of spot. If you are tired of shrimp and grits and $50 tabs (or just cant afford it..here here!), this is the spot for you.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,2/9/2013,47,33,4,3,3>I have died and gone to heaven...the french fries (cooked in duckfat) are otherworldly.  Add blue cheese, and a head of roast garlic, and they are better than sex.  The sandwhiches are top notch and always changing.  Be sure to have the duck confit sandwhich.  The guinness is great, and the $10 buckets of moosehead a steal.  The decor and atmosphere are great, with a nice diverse crowd.  This is fast becoming my favorite hangout.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,2/8/2013,103,107,3,14,6>I don't eat out too often these days (baby) but when I do, I want it to count. So when I went out with my buddies for lunch... and then went back out for dinner with my wife that same evening after bailing on promises of free eats at a restaurant in W. Ashley courtesy of the boss, that should say something.My wife loved the fresh & organic slantI on the other hand loved the meat and cheese. I went for the triple meat (maybe it was "triple threat" or something that sounded entirely too delicious to pass up) and it was unlike any other I've had. Making your own sausage apparently isn't just for Saturday-morning cartoon characters and Kosmo Kramer. I had the pesto pistachio pizza that night and WOW! Unique flavors abound in this one - another "must try". Desserts are stellar - handmade chocolates of many interesting varieties (bacon chocolate, anyone?) Great beer flight where you get samples of 4 different ones served on a paddle that reminded me of college days (lets leave that one as it lies...)Soup appetizer was excellent - we had some kind of tomatoish soup. My wife was a farm girl so she is quite picky about her toms & tom-related products but this got glowing reviews.Staff was very friendly and seemed genuinely proud to work there unlike some of my experiences working through school in chain restaurants like those that rhyme with craplebees or red craplobster.Place was almost full both times I was there but the pace seems perfect. I rarely saw much of a wait but rarely saw an empty table. Of course this was mid-week so get there early on the weekend. It's worth it!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/7/2013,110,35,,6,3>The only draw back to eating awesome korean food for lunch before you have to go to class is your breath. The risk of offending everyone in class is worth it though. The multiple korean sides you get to accompany your meal is very impressive. The only thing I would have wanted is that I had a second stomach to fit more food. The food does take a little time to come out, but remember that good quality food does take a little longer. If you are not into the korean food they also serve japanese food like sushi and hibachi. The portions are big so prepare yourself.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/6/2013,183,717,1,4,3>I really liked how Westbrook has grown the past few years.  Their venture into barrel aging is amazing, they pump out some top notch stuff.  For a small batch, first time brewery, it is very fancy, easily the fanciest in the city.  Service has always been attentive and quick, no matter how busy they are.  I look forward to what they brew up next.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/5/2013,19,118,3,11,2>I am certain that I was not alone in anxiously awaiting Mike Lata's (Fig Restaurant, Iron Chef, Can't-possibly-win-another-cooking-award-if-tried, you get the picture), new restaurant on upper King Street - The Ordinary Fancy Seafood Oyster Hall.  Although they had planned for a fall opening, they just opened last week.  The restaurant, a former bank (the vault still intact), has kept the look and feel of the bank with large, 12 foot windows and incredibly high ceilings.  The mezzanine level, which had just opened the night we went, provided excellent views of the entire restaurant.  Our server actually said, "If I could choose any table to be seated at it would be this one."  We casually watched the evening go by as we perused the menu.  True to its' name if you don't like seafood you're out of luck at The Ordinary. It's all seafood all the time.  Not a bad thing, but if you're looking for an alternative, it's not available. The food quality, not surprisingly was outstanding.  The Baby Collards Caesar Salad was incredible. What an interesting use of collards.  The dressing took away some of the bitterness of the greens and the white anchovies were terrific. The Pissaladiere, an appetizer recommended by out server, who, by the way, way terrific, was a caramelized onion tart that was sweet, delicate, light appetizer that we all enjoyed. One of the evening's specials, the Swordfish Ceviche was incredibly fresh and an unbelievable combination of flavors.  Needing a quick snack we also ordered two orders of the Sea Salt Potato Chips.  At $5.00 it seemed a bargain, but once delivered each order only had about 12 chips and little salt. This was the start of seeing that The Ordinary, though tasty, was very pricey.Our dinner included a Crab Cake (which included a salad and dessert for $30.00), arguably the most economic dish of the evening.     A great salad preceded two fresh full-o'crab, crab cakes. These are very different from the panko crusted traditional crab cakes and a nice change. These cakes were light, fresh and hearty. It was also served with an apple tart that the table shared and thoroughly enjoyed. The Ordinary Lobster Roll advertised in their on line menu for $22.00 was actually on their in-restaurant menu for $25.00.  My husband and I have lived in New England for many years.  It is common to pay $12.00 - $14.00 for a lobster roll in the summer.  But $25.00 for a lobster roll on a hot dog bun with chips - $25.00!! Are you kidding me? Our server told us that it was "well over a half pound of lobster meat", but based on the portion, it just didn't seem feasible.  Although it was awesome, it was still a bit pricey.  Our friend ordered the BBQ White Shrimp.  He's a guy that likes hearty meals and may have taken a wrong turn here.  The five, very messy peel 'n eat shrimp were an appetizer at best.  Though tasty, the dish left a lot to be desired.Both of our friends also ordered New England Fish and Grouper Chowder.  Although served in a "bowl", the serving was a cup of chowder at best.  For $12.00 we had a bit of sticker shock.Everything seems to be down sized with large prices at The Ordinary.  Draft beer, at 10 oz., yes, just about a Dixie Riddle Cup of beer, is priced at $7.00 - $12.00 a glass.  Wine is also served in a small portions for $8.00 - $12.00 a glass.  Although I may be naïve in my pricing of a seafood appetizer, The Ordinary's Triple Shellfish Tower came in at a rousing $125.00.  It made me smile to think that I had paid $150.00 for my first car.  I'm just sayin'.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,2/4/2013,89,265,3,7,6>This place is AWESOME. Food is fresh and delicious, and seems to be very authentic (though I am no authority as I have never been to Korea or been exposed to authentic Korean food). We had the shrimp pancake and the beef bibimbap in a stone pot. It was plenty of food for two, but I could've eaten a lot more because it was so delicious.This isn't a restaurant you'd go to for the ambiance, seeing as how it's in the gas station, but it is definitely worth going to if you just want delicious, affordable food. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2012,2/3/2013,193,285,,11,1>New Vietnamese restaurant that just opened up this week. Since we got into town this week and was staying at the Charleston AFB, this was very close to it. The lady who opened this restaurant used to work at the Pho place inside the Asian supermarket down the street.When you initially walk in, everything is new as it should be. They have a bar area to sit. Not sure if they had a stocked bar or not. Since we came to eat on Thanksgiving day, it was dead. We were the only ones eating there.Onto the food. I ordered their pho dac biet. We also ordered for the table the appetizer Vietnamese egg rolls and I also tried out the Bun Bo Hue. As for my pho, it only came with tai, nam, sach, and meat balls. They didn't have the 2 other normal fat pieces, gau and gan, that you would find in other pho restaurants. Bear in mind that I am from California, where the pho is awesome, if not the best around. The broth was ok, considering I was on the east coast. It didn't have the full pho flavor when you drink the soup. The soup came out hot, but cooled down pretty quickly. I think the soup should have come out way hotter than that. The noodles was a tad chewy. Not my style. Originally, I asked for no onions in the soup and had them in it. The lady brought me a new bowl without them. No biggie.For the Vietnamese egg rolls, they were good. Compared to the regular egg rolls on the menu, they used the Vietnamese wrapping paper, so it's very different from normal egg rolls. The fish sauce wasn't fishy enough. The bun bo hue tasted like my mom's soup back home, which wasn't necessarily a good thing. Their soup was ok, not good. It didn't have the full Vietnamese flavors again. Also, it did not come with any blood cubes.For the demographic here, it can be good. For a Vietnamese guy who lived in California, I'll try other places in Charleston and see.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,2/2/2013,330,166,2,5,5>This is a pretty neat county park. They've got a beautiful playground for kids. It's clean, updated and they have my favorite tire-made ground (rather than woodchips or concrete).  The playground has an areas for the little ones and then also for the big kids.There's a spray park there too and my kids love it there!I visited the water park the other day and it's perfect.  They've got a lazy river, kiddie area, water slides and then a general pool area.  what I love too is that the water doesn't really go so deep. So for a non-confident swimmer like me, this was perfect. During the winter time, they have a HUGE Christmas light display. I saw this back in 2006 and it was beautiful. I can imagine it only gets better every year.So far, I'm very impressed with the James Island County Park and I'm glad to be nearby. =)
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/1/2013,197,496,9,8,7>This place freaking WORKS!Fast, attentive service.Hardcore $3 house margs during happy hour.Big quesadillas.Great prices. Awesome guac and salsa (I don't dig salsa).NFL package.$3 shots.Great tunes!  Walked into the Beastie Boys!  Kitchen was playing equally good, albeit different music.  We were with the little guy so they sat us waaaay in the back but didn't forget us! :::Arnold Voice::: DO IT. DO IT NOW.
