<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/24/2014,57,216,3,5,5>Don't you just love it when a totally sketchy place ends up having cheap, tasty food?Yup, this taco joint is IN the gas station.  There's a couple tables, and a few barstools.  You might think it's weird...  but then you'll notice that they have a steady stream of customers.  I've tried all of the tacos.  My favorites are the al pastor, the carnitas, the campechanos, and the chicken fajita.  So flavorful, and they're served to you piping hot, with your choice of sauce.  (Get the green sauce.  Always get the green sauce.)While you're waiting for your tacos to cook up, you can go on over to the store side and buy yourself a soda/tea/water.  (I suggest a Mexican Coke, or Mexican Pepsi... you're eating Mexican food, right?)They have a daily special every day, Monday - Friday.  (They're closed on Sundays, so beware.)  They've also extended their hours, so they're open until 9pm during the week.  This place is so close to my house...  I feel a new addiction coming on.  :D
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,11/23/2014,100,131,3,6,5>I decided to get my head in the food truck game recently and I'm so disappointed with myself that I have not done this sooner. If I could kick my own arse, I would. My friend and I wanted to try Dock & Roll across the street from Regal Ravioli, but they were closed. It was a blessing in disguise because we were craving pasta anyways. We walked over to Regal Ravioli and ordered the special for that day which was butternut squash ravioli with a white sauce topped with jalepeños. It was unreal. The pasta is homemade and with love. For $12, you get about 6 HUGE ravioli with homemade garlic bread (3 pieces). My friend ordered the sausage ravioli with the tomato marinara sauce. Equally as amazing. We also split a cesar salad, which was dyn-o-mite. We have been trying to find the best place to eat pasta in Austin. FINALLY: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,11/22/2014,111,378,5,9,7>I'm always lamenting Austin's lack of lake-side cafes. Why can't there be more places to enjoy the view, hang out with your tourist friends, and legally sip wine? My count usually goes: Hula Hut (hmmmmm), Mozart's (hmmmmm), the Four Seasons, and um, what else? Now there's an answer: Alta'sOk, yes, the "view" includes the Waller Creek tunnel project construction, but that will be done soon, and then it's all lake and trail and hello trail people. The cafe balcony is perched up on the second floor, meaning you can just let the world go along its merry way. They have several bottle of wine, 6 beers on tap, larger format beer bottles, really good snickerdoodle cookies, coffee, smoothies (the power10 was delicious, made a believer out of this peanut butter hater), and sandwiches. What else do you want  for a few moments out on the lake?Seriously, get style points. Take your friends for a walk around the lake, then casually mention that it's happy hour. Done.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,11/21/2014,40,86,7,17,10>Let's lay out the facts: -24 beer taps including the Austin Beerworks Karl and the 512 Tripel -a Stumptown cold brew nitro coffee on tap served up in a 10 oz glass with a frothy head like Guinness-Veracruz All Natural truck serving up tacos-Stumptown beans with some of your favorite baristas from Flipnotics and even my personal favorite barista from Medici-ample indoor & outdoor seating, with a cozy cabiny feelClearly, this is your new favorite place to hang out before work, after work, and instead of work. Thanks for existing, Radio! We welcome you with open arms and empty cups.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,11/20/2014,202,159,7,7,8>Such a fun little place. Diner/sushi bar.The menu is easy to understand with all the good classics and a few originals. There was a check-in deal for something like 10% off, which never hurts, and the service was excellent. We even took a picture with our server.Another server came by to drop some stuff off with us (teamwork), and of course someone spilled something while she was at the table. Her response: "This is why we can't have nice rolls." We cracked up. I often say "this is why we can't have nice things," so she and I were on the same page.It was definitely a great experience, and I'll be going back.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/19/2014,83,113,7,7,7>I love gyros, so it would stand to reason that a food truck with gyros in the name would be right up my alley. This was recommended to me by a friend as an extremely authentic Greek gyro place, and that's exactly what it is. Located right in the Spiderhouse parking lot where that great Japanese truck Love Balls used to be, Greek Original Gyros has a fairly focused menu. For $7, try a gyro wrap. It will come out in about five minutes and contain the following ingredients:- Delicious spit-roasted gyro meat- Tomatoes- Onions- Tzatziki (great stuff)- French fries with spice on themI mention each item not because I don't think they're each great (though they are), or because I have a Rain Man-esque devotion to cataloging every sub-component of my food (though in this era of factory-farmed food logistics chains that might not hurt), but because those are all you can get on your gyro, request though you might.I had an interesting chat with the owner about that - I'm a fan of olives, and after I finished eating I suggested that he might consider adding olives to his recipe. He smiled at me, shook his head, and we proceeded to talk about authenticity, and how he was committed to serving exactly the type of gyro that you'd get in Greece. No olives, no feta, no spicy sauce, no fooling around with Americanized culinary corruption, and if you don't like it, you can go to Tino's.While I would love to have the option for olives/feta/spicy sauce, both because I think the concept of "authenticity" in food is highly overrated, and because (as I told him), I thought adapting the food to American tastes might increase his business, I respect him for sticking to his guns and serving exactly the food he wants to serve. Firstly because, without passion for your craft, restauranteuring becomes just another nine to five, but secondly because his gyro was delicious. Better than Tino's, exactly as he said.So don't go here if you want a gyro that's had all the edges rounded off to suit an American palate, go here if you want a gyro served by someone who thinks he knows how a gyro is made better than you do and has devoted his entire business to that philosophy. Chances are he's right.Besides, you can probably order a Greek salad and sneak a few olives off it into your gyro without him noticing. Don't tell him I told you that though.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,11/18/2014,368,209,9,10,10>What do you call a $12 drink of Don Julio repo, cherry, habanero and lime? Delicious and may I have another?! The Smoked Cherry Margarita at Chavez was highly recommended by the server and although others have poo-poo'd it, I would highly recommend it as well. I was high after drinking a few three four but it was worth the price (especially since someone else was picking up the tab).What to have for dinner? There's just too much to choose so I went with our server's recommendation: the oak grilled filet (I wish I could remember his name, he was fantastic and had a great sense of humor, especially when it came to working with the large, high maintenance, group I was with--no, not the filet, silly; the young man who brought me drinks). The beef was cooked perfectly medium rare and I ate the whole thing. I think most of the folks at my table had the filet or a fish of some sort. However. One person had a chicken dish, which was served on a wooden cutting board. This bothered my inebriated self to no end. The girl eating the chicken actually got more annoyed with my comments regarding the aforementioned and soon-to-be-mentioned-again cutting board. I just thought it looked out of place amongst the sea of pristine white dishes. Anyway, it just seemed odd. There I go again. But really, why a cutting board? Other than the cutting board catastrophe, Chavez has a very new and upscale feel; I had completely forgotten that this was formerly a TGI Friday's. I will go back. Now that I think of it, maybe the cutting board was left over from the TGI Friday's.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,11/17/2014,317,489,4,10,10>Whether you have lived in Texas your entire life, just moved to Austin, or are passing through, a tour of the magnificent Texas State Capitol building and grounds is a must! I had visited the Capitol grounds before, but had never done the docent led tour and cannot recommend doing so enough! The Capitol is gorgeous inside and out, but the history lesson you receive from the tour is fantastic and with it being the only Capitol of a once sovereign nation, Texas has such a varied, colorful, and diverse history that after you get the condensed version on this tour you will leave wanting more!Having been to the US Capitol and all 50 state capitols, I can honestly say aside from being the largest (by sq ft) and tallest domed capitol (it is taller than our nation's capitol due to the 15ft Goddess of Liberty statue at the top of the cupola), it really is one of the prettier state capitol buildings and grounds.The Senate and House chambers are impressive as are many of the works of art adorning the walls. If you really take time to study the paintings in the Senate chamber, it is amazing what you can find (see if you can spot Santa Ana fleeing the battle on horseback in peasant garb and a sombrero in the painting on the right wall).You can also explore so much of the building, from the underground expansion to the 4th floor. I also recommend laying on your back and looking up to the Star under the cupola in the main foyer to really get perspective (I did get some weird looks and a guide asked what I was doing, but it makes for a great picture!) and then go up to the fourth floor and look down.You can even go into the Governor's Public Reception Room and sit at the desk where all Texas legislature is signed into law.I also have to give kudos to our docent guide, Brandon, who did a marvelous job intertwining the fascinating Texas and Capitol history with humor and fun facts. He was very engaging and with a tour group of at least 20 people, he kept everyone together and the tour moving. By the end, if you aren't already a Texan, you will want to be!A wonderful way to spend an hour or two in downtown Austin! *Don't miss exploring the grounds and check out the Capitol Visitor's Center where you can see the original star from the original goddess that has since been replaced on the top of the capitol!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,11/16/2014,227,263,4,9,9>Great prices on an early Saturday afternoon. 12.50 for two top shelf shots and a tall boy lonestar. Came here to see Robynn Shayne. Jack C invited me. Driven by a thousand times. Great small bar. Small patio, Dog Friendly. Sitting here watching Robynn kill it, and Germany vs Ghana. What a Saturday afternoon. Sports, music, and cheap drinks. My favorite new bar. Puppies are thankful for the ice water and several fans churning up the patio. The bar is topped with copper. Badass IMHO. It's ice cold inside, and breezy on the patio. I'll be here often during the world cup unless I can find a house party with booze, that's also dog friendly.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,11/15/2014,109,238,4,11,9>I work from home so I'm always looking for a coffee shop to work out of when I start getting cabin fever. I think my search is over. This little hidden gem may be my go to when I need an office. They have a coffee! They have food! They have booze! They have my heart! I was looking for a place to have lunch and do some work. Yelpers steered me here. I'm so glad they did. The staff was super friendly. If you want coffee, you order from the coffee bar. If you want food, head over to the booze bar. I order half a personal size pepperoni pizza and a coke. That's a pretty good lunch for $6. The pizza came out hot and cheesy. It was delicious. Their wifi is fast and the atmosphere is perfect for productivity. Bonus: you can use the PayPal app to pay your bill! If it's your first time, PayPal gives you $8 off! Be sure to tell your server you want to leave a tip. I learned the hard way. But I'll be back again soon to make up for it!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,11/14/2014,43,213,5,12,7>Oh. My. Goodness!Tiny Pies is one of my new favorite eateries on North Burnet.  I stopped in on Sunday after lunch at the Noble Sandwich Company and picked up a few tiny pies, both sweet and savory, for the week.I had the chess pie just as soon as I got home and it was to die for.  The crust was so flaky and delicious and it was just the right amount for an afternoon snack.  The next morning I had an asparagus quiche tiny pie for breakfast. Again, it was delicious and the perfect amount. My hubby had two migas tiny pies for breakfast because he has a bit bigger appetite and he told me several times that day how good they were.I like the option of super tiny, tiny or regular sized pies and they have quite an extensive menu of flavor options to choose from.  From what I can tell on the website, this is a family owned and operated business which does my heart good.My only suggestions? Perhaps include a little note on how best to reheat the pies for serving at a later date. Oh, and some tables out front on the sidewalk would be awesome when the weather is nice.Tiny Pies, you're definitely a sweet spot on Burnet!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,11/13/2014,277,405,6,7,5>These fields are some of the better ball fields (softball and baseball) in central Texas. My son prefers playing baseball here. He loves the fields. Fields are really well cared for. "Cheerleaders" and spectators will enjoy the nice bleachers with back support. Although foul balls are unpredictable, the stands do provide some coverage from  unsuspecting "wizzer" foul balls sailing from one field to another (where you may be sitting). More importantly,  there's protection from the sun! Playgrounds are available for the siblings who want to do something besides watching ball. Concession stands are reasonably priced and food doesn't suck.Bathrooms are always clean and stocked.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,11/12/2014,147,191,4,13,9>Neighborhood favorite. Great north central alternative to Home Slice. Fantastic pastrami sandwich - everything about it is perfect. The winning combo is the special slice of the day (yesterday it was spinach, eggplant, and artichoke), half a pastrami sandwich, and bag of chips. Hoagies are delicious. Most places have subs that are just prepared materials (bland, boring) but they put some sort of magic in them so each bite is delicious. Maybe it's some sort of oil and herbs of magic. Patio is BYOB and usually tables are aplenty. If not go a little earlier or later on a weekday. Majorly kid-friendly so expect children riding bikes around the area or spilling their sippy cups and say thank you when they hold doors open for you. Popular date hangout, lots of take-out orders and area hip kids as well. Neighboring locales include a pharmacy, vintage grocery, and a pretty sweet mural. Cashiers are sweet, polite, will make and keep conversation, and are all-around people you want to be friends with that also happen to serve you great food. Love this place!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,11/11/2014,41,284,6,9,6>After recently getting a new puppy and looking to Yelp for highly rated vets in town, we decided on Austin Veterinary Center from it's great reviews, and location.  On the first visit, the day after we brought our puppy home, we came in and were warmly greeted by the guy at the front desk, and soon after, the Vet who was very friendly, personable and seems to take a sincere interest in getting to know your animal.  In addition to looking over the medical history we brought in from our breeder, he asked questions about the dog and even gave us some tips on getting him potty trained by hitting a bell by the door to let us know when he needs to go out, which our dog picked up on very quickly and has been a big help.  The initial health checkup was very quick and we were not charged anything as we went to the counter afterwards to pay, which was a very nice surprise.  We both felt very comfortable with the vet and have been back two more times for a booster shot, as well as a rabies and microchipping visit, both times which went smoothly.  The vet tech was helpful and friendly as well, and it's also great that AVC offers a $75 Yelp deal for $50.Luckily we haven't needed anything major done, but as far as first impressions, and comfort with Dr. Harris, I couldn't be happier.  He really takes the time to talk to you and gives you a chance to ask questions without feeling rushed, which is invaluable.  Highly recommended.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/10/2014,147,322,6,11,4>I always love this place and I was so excited to see some fancy cocktails offered last night at $5 a pop: Moscow Mule, French 75, Old Fashioned. However, it appears this is not the place to get a fancy cocktail. The Old Fashioned had way too much bitters and no cherry. The Moscow Mule had enough lime in it to choke me. Tasted more like a terrible margarita. Not sure if they ran out of ginger beer or what, but we all wound up abandoning our drinks. Yuck.Now that the whining is done. This is a great place with nice bartenders and excellent music, perfect for dancing. The second Tuesday of the month is Sad Bastard Tuesday, which is why I was there this time. It was Melancholy May and between the velvet wallpaper, exotic animal trophies on the wall (I love the tapir), and the mopey music playing, it felt like I was in a Wes Anderson film. On normal weekends, this is a great place to hear mashups of hip hop and latin dance. Sometimes a bit weird, but usually really good!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,11/9/2014,180,187,13,6,6>I got a lotta food,And I don't mind sharing it.Do you like the way that spice hits or nah?You can order dishes until you're completely stuffed.Can you take the heat and keep eating or nah?Can you keep up with the chopstick use or nah?I'm not the type to come back here tomorrow,But I'm craving that spicy fish just like a prob'.Ain't nobody takin food home,Baby clean that plate up. Probably got a lot of dishes 'bout to hit the table.Tofu so good, I had to save that shit for later.Brought a bunch of yelpers, ain't no talking at the table.We reppin Szechuan 'til the death,I'm trying to make these foodies sweat.I'm trying to keep these palates wet.I'm trying to make them bring their friends.You goin run it for this mala or nah?Show me is you really 'bout this spicy heat or nah?Don't play with a boss, girl try it all.Take it from a real one, you gon' eat it all.Is you really 'bout Asian food or nah?Can you really take heat or naw?Can I bring another friend or nah?Is you with this shit or nah?Would you try that pork or nah?Would you let me order or nah?Would you cry from the burn or nah?Can you really take heat or naw?Can I bring another friend or nah?Is you with this shit or nah?This song lyric review is brought to you thanks to the Ty$ "Or Nah" remix featuring The Weeknd. I don't recommend you go listen to the original song since as one youtube reviewer put it "PREGNANT WITH THE FIRST VERSE". Regardless, come here, order the delicious Szechuan dishes, and maybe if you're lucky, I'll even order for you ;)
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,11/8/2014,100,112,3,7,6>I had a chance to sample a few of the dishes from this establishment and I have to say, I am now obsessed with their fried ravioli.This fried, cheese ravioli was perfect. Dipped in a tasty ranch dressing. I was in heaven!   My husband doesn't know it yet, but he's taking me on a date there soon!!  The beef ravioli was pretty tasty too - but I have a serious addiction to cheese...so cheese will always win my heart. All I can say is: the perfect amount of warm cheese, the perfect amount of fried outside with nice flavors and not dripping in grease....made me a very happy girl!The cannoli was my second favorite. It was so cute and so tasty!  I mean how could you go wrong with cannoli?!  These little cities were filled with a tasty ricotta cheese filling - sweet but not too sweet. And topped with a chocolate drizzle. OMG. I want more. Now. The other dishes I tasted were all a little lacking though :-/. I would give them 3 stars. They would have benefited from a little umph or maybe just salt. But I gotta give them 4 stars for the ravioli and cannoli!!!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,11/7/2014,381,228,5,8,8>This place is a gem. One of those not so shiny on the outside types but when you walk in the door you're WOW-ed. I recently had my event there and all of my party guests were raving about what a unique space it is. Besides being beautiful and having a great layout,  Carmela, the fabulous lady in charge of the venue was a dream to work with. Super easy to get in touch with,  had everything I needed,  and had so many helpers on hand to help out with setup. I've never had such a great experience using a private venue. Huge shout out to her and her team,  the sound guy, and the security guards. It was an amazing night and I highly recommend this venue for your future party!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/6/2014,88,115,6,8,7>Did you know that you win 100% of the arguments that you ignore?Basic tale of taking car into dealership to have AC recharged, resulted in having said car in the shop forEVER and a day, only to be returned with a gross multi-thousands estimate for unrequested work, a crapped out battery, and yada, yada, yada; your basic "Cry Me A River" mechanical saga.Instead of wasting energy debating it, I just waited until my lunch hour, took it by Go Greene and within LITERALLY 20 minutes I had a brand, spanking new battery as well as renewed faith in honest, kind, mechanics.  Just another small positive review to throw in the Go Greene pile.  Thanks to all the guys who kept me from arguing with a dealership, and just helped me keep on winning!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/5/2014,45,55,8,11,5>$38 AMAZING MANI/PEDI.  Need I say more?!Yes, I will say more!They sat me in one of the pedicure chairs to let my feet start to soak.  The technician proceeded to make sure I was getting a manicure also, and I told her yes.  She massaged my arms and hands, and then brought over paraffin wax bags and put my hands in them to soak in the awesome warm goo.  At first I thought I accidentally upgraded to the "deluxe" mani/pedi, but no, this is included in the regular.As the paraffin sat on my hands, she started the pedicure which also included a massage with a scrub, oil, and pumice stone.  OH, and did I mention the hot stones are included, too? After painting my toes, she brought me over to the mani table and finished my manicure.  When she brought me over to the drying station for my hands and feet, she gave me a shoulder massage and let me relax until everything was dry.THIS PLACE IS THE BOMB DIGGITY.  For real!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/4/2014,77,205,5,8,6>I've been searching for a place like this ever since I moved to Austin.  Where I grew up in rural Texas, an Albanian family opened a delicious and probably less-than-authentic pasta and pizza eatery.  Giant cheesesteaks, delicious garlic rolls, and serious helpings of pasta were the norm.  I drowned my sorrows in more than one serving of lasagne there.  Oh, and how I missed it.  Drag-racing the owner's younger brother on Friday nights, picking up a sandwich with huge dripping onions when I needed to get out of the house, all the memories of meeting my friends there.  I was truly worried, given the fact that my parents don't eat salt any longer, that I would never be able to experience that delicious food again.BUT---then, I found this joint on Yelp, and my heart soared.  I dragged my husband twenty miles to this place, and it was SO WORTH IT.  The same type of decor, the same to-go containers, the same melty mozzerella and the same garlic rolls.  It was as glorious as I remembered.Thanks for helping me relive my teenage years without having to drive 250 miles home, Baris.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,11/3/2014,137,114,10,19,13>Last night I attended what will hopefully become a monthly 21+ night at the thinkery.  It was incredibly fun.  I bought my tickets in advance on the website.  I was disproportionately annoyed that I had to print my ticket email out.  It's a cool science museum I assumed they have the technology to be able to scan a bar code off of my phone.  The website said it was sold out the day of the event but there was a separate line at the door for people to buy tickets.  Admission included one drink ticket and more were available at 5 bucks apiece.  There was beer, wine, and sparkling water available at the bars set up on both floors.  Also a little coffee bar.  All of these were temporary and set up for the event.  Two food trucks were outside but it was just cheesecake and a schoolhouse sandwich bus.  There's a cute little vending machine with healthy single snacks like hummus and stuff.  Perfect for little kids to get a quick snack.There was a neat temporary demonstration at the front with people doing tricks on suspended silks and hanging hoops.  Thankfully they weren't letting the guests try that out.  They had also blocked off the giant treehouse - play set thing out in the courtyard to avoid drunk adults from trying to tumble down the tubes.The hands-on displays were great.   My favorites were the light and shadow room had giant light brights, painting with lights, and a really fun room that would freeze your shadow.  Also an area to make moving parts and wooden cranks.  An air rocket cage where kids can build their own rockets out of foam pieces then see how far the pressure machine would shoot them. Also a 3d printer and wax machine display.Upstairs there's a big wet water room upstairs with a water flute to play and dripping pipes set up so people could move drums and bells around underneath to make different sounds.  A big splash setup.  And three wall dryers set up to dry off - genius.  There are play farmstands with fake fruit and life-sized play chicken coop.  Oh!  they'd set up the kitchen upstairs with a beer-making demonstration by Austin Homebrew supply.Generally this is a good place to learn mechanical and scientific elements while having lots of areas for creative play.  I could see kids spending three hours there without getting bored.  It could be overstimulating and loud for the ones who have sensory overload issues.I loved that they had a night for adults to come have a beer and play with the toys for the people without kids and the ones who need a night away from the kids but wanting to do something unusual and fun.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,11/2/2014,235,240,8,9,8>I mean, c'mon. This place is ridiculous. In a good way, of course. Everything I've ever eaten here has blown taste buds off my tongue it was soooo good. Seriously (or maybe not), my taste buds removed themselves, walked off my tongue and onto the fork - stared at me and said "I can now die happy and therefore I shall" (to be read in an English accent, of course). Some of their stuff is a little more "heavy" than I typically like, but it doesn't mean it isn't delicious. Recently, I went purposely avoiding the heavy stuff and it was a huge success. I ended up ordering the mussels, the beet salad and the grilled kale salad. Folks, this is stuff that makes life worth living. Delicious, fresh and healthy food? Sign me up. Also, they have hot toddy's on their menu right now, the perfect wintery cocktail to top off a great meal. Treat yo'self already!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,11/1/2014,26,32,8,8,12>First of all, I want to address the reviews saying "dogs off their leash ruin the whole greenbelt experience". PLEASE!! It's a hiking trail and swimming hole for crying out loud!! NOT some 5 star restaurant. Get over yourself and realize it's about being outside and I for one love seeing the happy dogs enjoying themselves.Maybe we should take their example and enjoy the whole reason that people go out there in the first place. The beauty and nature. This place is so peaceful and just perfect for a hot summers day. Also good to bring out of towners too they always love this Austin gem:)
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,10/31/2014,34,64,5,7,5>Oh, dang. Another fabric shop in Austin intent on making me spend all my hard earned (new word: harned) cash on the most gorgeous, adorable, and unique fabrics. From Echino to cotton prints to knits, I'm in big trouble. Walking through the front door, the build out immediately causes one to forget that you're in, frankly,a sad little strip under 183. Gorgeous wood, steel, and FABRIC sent me into quilters heaven. The very lovely sales girl offered me tea or water upon my arrival and then I dove in. I'm looking forward to seeing the new inventory as it comes in and if I may suggest keeping a Bota box on hand? After a glass of wine, the average customer spends 30% more. Ok, I made that up. That might just be me.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,10/30/2014,100,128,4,8,6>Tacos!  Tacos served Gagnam style!  At least I think they are Korean fusion tacos.  They are yummy and reasonably priced.  The portions are very manageable.  I've had the Beef Bulgogi tacos which were moist and full of flavor.  The spicy pork tacos which were spicy but not overly so.  The Chicken I found less remarkable and the Greek...well I don't think Gyros make for good fusion ingredients.  The spicy eggplant was tasty as well if your into vegetarian options.  The Banh Mi is ok but I have had better Banh Mi in ATX.  One of my favorites are their spicy fries.  They are spicy, crisp on the outside, and soft on the inside.  Just the way a fried potato ought to be.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any more creative they added an option for fries drowned in Kimchi and Bulgogi.  There's an original and nasty (in a good way) combination!  They serve breakfast as well but I haven't tried it so I can't report on the breakfast tacos.The place itself is tiny inside a tiny nondescript strip center.  Limited seating but I've never had to wait for a table.  Don't come looking for ambiance.  This is one of those get your grub, shut up, and eat it places.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/29/2014,204,582,11,14,11>I have gone twice in the last 24 hours. Suddenly I'm a "regular" on Yelp, and instantly a fan. I enjoyed the Clay Pit immensely and as I understand this is its little sister? JUST AS GOOD. If not better: Sure you are missing the ambiance but it's cheaper, and quicker.Had the Korma curry last night, the Tikki Masala today. Both with chicken, both fantastic. I also tried my gf's Saag with Paneer, yum! Korma is currently in first place. Oh, and Paneer means cheese btw. Yes, you can get your dish with chunks of cheese in it. What what!? (Though I am a total foodie, embarrassingly, I am an In Indian food newb.)I was on a gluten-free train at the Clay Pit, but I dove right in at Tarka. GARLIC NAAN. omg. It's $2. Get it. Or get 4. Whatever.I suspect everything here is good, but I consider it a mission to get through more dishes. I'll be back. You can order online. And they have an app. Bonus points. When you check in on Yelp you get 10% off. Triple bonus points. Finally, I have to echo Chiqui B's point: at least 25% of the diners eating there were Indian. SOLD.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,10/28/2014,62,142,15,23,10>So apparently, 10:00pm on a Sunday night is a rather inconvenient time to confuse your eye makeup remover with your nail polish remover. Eye doctor? Definitely closed. Every urgent care in South Austin? Also closed. Austin Emergency Center? Open! I was the only patient there, so service was very fast. The lady at the reception desk was friendly, the nurses were efficient, and the doctor was great as well. I'm pretty sure I was in and out in 45 minutes, perhaps even less. Five of those minutes were spent over one of those high-school-chemistry-class eyewash things, which sucked, but alas. Beauty is pain. They accept BCBS and most other insurance policies, and parking was readily available in their large lot. (A note regarding payment/fees: I was charged the same fee I pay when I visit urgent care facilities - $35.)Highly recommended for any unfortunate late-night injuries or illnesses.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,10/27/2014,310,185,8,17,16>Okay so I needed this thing. At 5:30 on a Friday night. Because without it my band at 7 o'clock and my other band at 10:30 would have had to play acoustically.  With 2000 loud motorcycles 10 feet away on 6th St. Not a recipe for success. My main PA amp blew at 5 o'clock on a Friday night of an incredibly busy weekend just as one musician was finishing his set.  Thanks to these musical angels of mercy, at 5:40 I had a new one in my hand for the exorbitant price of $31 for two weeks rental. Open Friday night when I needed them? Yes. Had what I needed? Yes.  Did not charge me an arm and a leg because they knew I was desperate? Yes. Nice helpful people with smiles on their faces (on Friday night just before closing time)? Yes. Helpful, available, equipped, pleasant.  That rates way above a "not bad" in my book.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,10/26/2014,96,421,5,11,9>I have gone to Sprouts, Whole Foods, Central Market for a long time for fresh items and I have always been happy with that but then I went to the new Wheatsville location on South Lamar.  I had never been to the north location because it was not convenient for me, now I feel like I was missing out on some magical land.We found organic free range eggs at Wheatsville that came from 6 miles away.  6 miles doesn't even get you to a different zip code in most places.  This is my kind of local.  I use the same strategy for shopping here as I do at Whole Foods, buy the fresh ingredients here but do your dry goods shopping at HEB.I am interested in trying their sandwiches and smoothies.  I can see a lot more visits to Wheatsville in my future.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,10/25/2014,61,227,5,8,4>Oh, Little Barrel, how I wanted to love thee. Almost everything I had heard was glowingly positive.  Not a thing could go wrong, right?  Some bumps in the road are to be expected with a soft opening.  And I hope they work out the kinks soon. The temp.  Please figure out your thermostats.  The one beside our table read 65 degrees.  It was freezing throughout the entire meal.  And this is once I managed to shimmy myself under the table.  Is the table too thick or is the booth too high?  All I know is getting in and out of there require some focus, so as not to overturn your table or rip your tights.  I could barely get my napkin on to my lap. They were out of the Jalapeno beer listed at the top of the menu.  The octopus had also been permanently removed from the menu, but is still listed.  Just to taunt you with what could have been an amazing dish.  No cocktail menu as of yet.  But fingers crossed that one may be in the works. The Housemade Pickles involves no pickles at all.  It was interesting and tasty, but I could live without it.  The blistered shishito appetizer was excellent, covered in a honey sriracha glaze.  The squash and fennel soup was perfection (and necessary just to keep my hands warm) but arrived without a spoon.  And my grilled romaine salad was very good, but I would try another salad or the gnocchi next time. The cornbread dessert was all everyone describes it to be, and all the desserts sounded delicious.  I don't think you could go wrong there. I was very impressed with the service and kitchen precision overall.  I sat facing the kitchen and never saw a dish sit longer than a few seconds.  Meals were consistently delivered in sync.  I think it often takes a while to work out that level of precision, so I commend the staff. The food was really quite excellent, but I would recommend the following:1. Bring and possibly wear your coat. 2. Ladies in heels, watch that incline on the way up to the bathroom.  LB+B, perhaps add some caution tape. 3. If you are a normal sized human being, try not to sit on the booth side.  You may need to be rubbed down in hot oil to be extracted.  (But this might be fine, as you'll be freezing anyway.)
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,10/24/2014,93,99,4,8,8>Upon educating myself through /r/ABraThatFits (read: freaking myself out with information overload), I concluded that I'd need some professional help to find the right size/shape bra.Yes, the first 20+ minutes after walking in the door is underwhelming: a lady with a clipboard took my name down, estimated a wait time and then never spoke to me again.  I meandered the un-glamorous but extensive (swimsuits, bras, undies, robes, nightgowns, men's undies...) showroom until I decided to sit for the wait.  There's plenty of seating strewn around, even magazines by the benches.  Once I got called, it was easy and efficient.  Two quick measurements and 10 bras later, I found a few keepers.This type of shopping may not be for everybody, but I suggest shopping with a fitter at least once.   They'll probably recommend a different size than you've been wearing, but properly fitting bras aren't ONLY about size, they need to be the right cup/wire SHAPE, too.  This store has quite a selection, and the ladies are knowledgeable in their recommendations.I know not all bras of the same size fit the same, so I really appreciated Leela taking the time to give me an array of brands and styles.  She was really helpful, answering all my noob questions and offering suggestions that lined up with my preferences.  I'll definitely come back, and with my size on file, I'm sure next trip will be much quicker.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,10/23/2014,261,103,12,10,10>Look, folks. I'm a simple gal. I like things that most normal girls do. Things like wearing dresses, craft beer, and Nicolas Cage. But of all the things I like, the number one thing is pizza. Pizza, friends, is the answer to all of life's problems. Don't know what to do when a guy hits on you at the bar? Pizza. Just got dumped? Pizza. You're a vegan? Detroit-style Pizza (sub vegan cheese). PIZZA.My roommie and I were fresh off a healthy eating challenge that limited our pizza consumption to zero for the two months prior to our visit. Our first stop off the wagon? VIA 313 for a 512 IPA and the Herbivore pizza with vegan cheese. We decided to get fancy and add Arugula. It was the best thing and we were the happiest vegans in the world. The crust seems impossible: buttery and soft, but with a perfectly crispy underside. It was the perfect end to our health binge.We were meeting people for a crazy costumed bar crawl after our pizza, and some of those people happened to be dressed as Juggalos. When those ninjas heard that we were stopping here for dinner, they had one request: bring us some Faygo. Because that's a thing they also have here. They also sell Verner's, which is a pretty delicious Ginger Ale that seems to make everyone from Michigan pee a little from all the joy.The only real downside to this place is the wait. It takes 30-45 minutes once you've ordered, which isn't really a big deal if you're just hanging out at the bar. Just plan accordingly, because this pizza is 100% worth it.PIZZA.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/22/2014,199,468,4,12,9>I agree with all of the reviews.  I got a synthetic oil change with filter for a great price done in under 15 minutes this afternoon.  Freddy and his staff are super cool. Check it out! My coworker got her inspection done there within minutes,  too!  They are located on Burnet road and they even insisted that I take a water with me on this humid afternoon in June, which I appreciated.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,10/21/2014,68,100,6,12,11>Sure, this is a great place to get a pizza and a beer. But why is it one of my favorite places? Kale salad.Wait, you say. I'm here for pizza and beer. Whythefuq would I want freaking kale salad? Kale! I know, it's everywhere and you may be sick of the idea of it. I confess the first time I ordered it, I was trying to make "healthy choices" (whatever). Then they brought out this huge plate of kale. It wasn't even the sexy snobby foodie lover's Dinosaur/Tuscan/Lacinato kale. It's your garden variety green curly kale. However, something about this salad is irresistible to me. Maybe it's the lemon juice or the salty Parmesan. The dried cherries. I eat every bite and I order it every time I go.Now, watch out. I'm talking up the salad, but it's not on the regular menu. It's on the specials board to the right of the cash register. It's there every time I go, so I hope it's there when you go.If not, rest assured the pizza is delicious. Whether you get one from the regular menu or a special, you won't be dissapointed. The crust is thin but has a nice bite. It has a nice char, but is never burned. The crust end is also nicely chewy. I've tried the cheese, the pepperoni, and a special with asparagus and proscuitto. I think I also had a special with arugula. All toppings are fresh and delicious. We have always had good service and the food comes out in a timely fashion. However, there is working jukebox we always take advantage of, so we can listen to a variety of songs from "Ziggy Stardust" to "I Love a Rainy Night". They have an enclosed patio and just so you know, you can hear the music perfectly out there. You will want to linger.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,10/20/2014,198,276,3,9,5>You know how the phrase goes "it's cheaper than therapy"...well, this definitely falls into that category! Only this year did I find out how much I enjoyed painting, and now I try to make it to these types of classes as often as possible since my roommate might frown on me turning our living room into a painting studio!The ladies running our class were very personable, helpful....even funny! I would definitely recommend coming here for all sorts of occasions: dates, bachelorette party, girls' night, etc. It's fun for all, even if you don't have an artistic bone in your body. It's all about just having fun and relaxing (or if you're like my perfectionist friend...not relaxing....but that's a whole other issue!). The instruction was very useful, but they are quick to point out that you can pretty much do whatever you'd like...they're just there to give you some pointers. There's no "right" or "wrong"...it's art! One guy made his painting completely out of squares....squares...in a painting of trees....so, I mean it when I say that anything goes! I mean, where else do you get to tap back into those art skills you learned while  finger painting in kindergarten? Oh and did I mention the alcohol? It's BYOB...and you definitely should. I find painting is one of those things that I'm better at when I'm a little inebriated...funny how that list just keeps getting longer.  Don't worry, mom, driving is not on it!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/19/2014,91,325,4,6,5>You know you've found a great place when the people that work there are enthusiastic about explaining their product. After hearing about the different options, my husband and I both chose the cream puffs with the cookie dough on top. So, I can't compare to the regular, but it did have a nice bit of crunch that paired well with the creamy fillings.My husband got the coffee (custard) filling and I got the brown butter pecan (whipped) filling. Both were delicious. It seems they inject the custard filling while the whipped fillings involve cutting the puff in half and then filling it with sweet awesomeness. I loved both of them. We also got coffee and I was impressed with my iced caramel coffee. It wasn't too sweet and ended up being a perfect companion to my cream puff. The space is cute and conveniently located on west campus. The parking garage is free for the first 30 minutes and is right next door to the shop. They have free wifi and nice seating outside.Can't wait to come back and try some more fillings!!!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,10/18/2014,34,85,3,6,4>The patio/bar area is fun romantic-ish spot.  The ambiance is great, very dim lighting so almost would say it could be a good after a nice dinner date spot.  I went with my honey and the tables were all full.  Its not only a date spot, looking around there were lots of groups of friends also relaxing, kicking it back, and enjoying the evening.One plus - they offer Modelo for $3.  Everything else was more but they had a wide variety of beers fore those who like to venture and vary it up (and a few other drinks as well).
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/17/2014,133,97,1,15,10>A few helpful tips:Order at the cashier...The menu is on a hand-written white board... he water and utensils are self-serve...We were so excited that this finally opened in Southwest Austin. The menu is consistent with the location on Spicewood Springs, with a few new additions.The food and flavors are all consistent. They have green onion pancakes, chive box, hand cut noodles, pork belly buns, etc.We ordered:-Chive box - nice and crispy crust with flavorful chive and green onion filings-Da Pan Chicken - think curry stir fried udon noodles with chicken, peppers, potatoes and green onions - I really enjoyed this-Pork Belly Buns - good portion of pork belly, not too fatty and good flavor... if you are not a fan of cucumbers, you may want to ask them to leave this out-Lamb Skewers - curry flavored lamb skewers perfectly cooked, a must order!We will definitely be back!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/16/2014,97,205,8,9,10>So this is the place that fixes my Indian craving . I know exactly how to order now. From the tandoor - order the lamb tenderloin instead of chicken . The lamb is very flavorful and tasted like it sat in a yogurt nutty marinade full of bright  spices overnight. I love the lamb rogan josh here too. We order everything DESI spicy- that means super spicy if u like it hot ;-)  ( the first few times we couldnt seem to get it spiced enough and i would bring extra cayenne in my purse IM CRAZY  i know ) anywho .. top it off with garlic naan . Its great indian food and is always served PIPING hot !
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,10/15/2014,105,157,5,11,7>Overall: -This location has an indoor seating area-Two-lane, but still relatively slow drive thru-Have to request onions & pickles -Ordering a combo gets you a $0.40 discount, so you're free to order any drink (including shakes) that you want -Love that lettuce and tomatoes are always cold and crisp -Super polite and accommodating staff -Prices are slightly higher than Whataburger, but worth it-Great fresh-squeezed lemonade, very sweet but also very lemony Beef burger:-Delicious, but rivaled by the chicken burger-The patties are on the thicker side, so I've always found doubles to be excessive Chicken burger: -Covered in cheese and special sauce, just as good as beef-Moist, tender, juicy and best chicken burger I've found in ATX Veggie burger:-Surprisingly awful--tough, dense and dry-Very thin patty, detracting even further Fries:-Very thin, natural cut fries that only stay crispy the second they are out of the fryer-If I'm eating in, I'll order them, but if I'm doing to go, they're usually a soggy mess by the time I get to my destination -Huge portions Shakes: -Chocolate is best, but ask for double chocolate (I usually don't get charged)-Ask for them "upside down" because the chocolate sauce at the bottom doesn't get mixed in well with their machine
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/14/2014,44,25,13,13,11>Certain colloquial phrases come to mind in regards to how good this place is: "I cant even", "I'm dying", "This is *literally* so delicious", "I'm a fan", etc. etc.First off, get the lip-smacking, seductively tasty Mama's Migas: the tortillas are fresh, the ingredients are on point, and the fried corn tortilla chips are wondrous. Get lost in a culinary bending of space-time because you won't know where your taste buds ventured to after you're through. Haha. Seriously, though. More positives: - Seems family-owned, so has a nice, local vibe.- Great ambiance: you can sit outside in the courtyard, with mimosas in hand, & brunch hard- Good service; the waiters/waitresses are generally nice and easygoing - CHEAPThe only con: the surrounding company can sometimes be obnoxious... you know, the social-justice "know-alls" who "found themselves" after volunteering abroad and taking obligatory photos with indigenous kids. Lolz. (But I guess that's just a phenomenon that sort of rhymes with east-side yuppie overhaul, which has only increased in tide and intensity with every passing sxsw.) Merp. Who knows--maybe I'm part of it. Cue existential crisis & introspective hike for next Saturday (after brunch, of course).Lol. Anyway, this place is a hidden gem. So do yourself a favor and GO (Before 3 PM, because these people value their time and leisure!)
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,10/13/2014,184,184,3,9,9>Behind this generic "address as name of bar" is a place that carries Angel's Envy rye and Balcones Single Malt whiskey (!!!), has motorcycles parked inside, and a giant dog-friendly patio.  I think I visited only a few days after opening but they were friendly and it seemed like a nice, low-key place.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,10/12/2014,136,148,7,11,7>Donut Taco Palace, I have failed you. I've driven past you for over a year without stopping in to give you a try. I wanted to - and I kept telling myself "this weekend" is "the weekend" to try Donut Taco Palace...and yet something always came up. Well, this past weekend I finally made the stop and now I'm afraid I won't be able to stop coming in. I don't even know where to start. But the donuts seems like a good way-1. DonutsAs a recovering donut addict, I can attest that these donuts are simply divine. The dough is flaky, fresh and the perfect amount of sugar. Light, fluffy and straight from the oven goodness. AND the variety! I wanted one of everything, but seeming as how that would be silly, I had to narrow my choices. I went with a dozen cream filled donut holes. PS, you had me at those donut taco palace. You had me at the first bite of one cream filled donut hole. Next, I tried one of the Longhorns (basic glazed, in the shape of the Hook 'em sign) and then I had a nice cinnamon cake donut. Nothing disappointed. I've made a mental note of what I'm trying this weekend - the list is long and glorious.2. TacosI'll admit I was hesitant. Can an establishment truly do good donuts AND tacos? I wasn't sure it could be done. But, indeed it can. I had a bacon, egg and cheese taco on flour tortilla. It was superb. Fluffy, fresh eggs with crisp bacon and melted cheesy goodness. Smattered with a splash of fresh salsa - it was the perfect addition to an already perfect breakfast.3. ServiceThe staff was excellent - friendly, patient (too many choices!) and fast.There's also a huge selection of kolaches, breakfast sandwiches, pastries, drinks and coffee. Do yourself a favor and stop by!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/11/2014,145,301,6,8,9>The second edition to the legend lives up to the hype. The menu is larger though so there many things to still try. The lines are just as long if not longer so expect to wait a bit. There is much more seating here so that's not a huge concern. I always try the staple, the PBLT and that's just as good as it has been. I just tried the Turkey Chop and that was the most refreshing sandwich I've ever had. The combo of the vinaigrette with the cucumbers made it a perfect summer sandwich. I think my biggest surprise though has been the Fried Bologna with an egg over easy. I don't like bologna as I've mentioned in other posts. Holy Schnikes Batman, this thing is amazing. Definitely try it. I definitely need to try the new breakfast menu. I heard something about oxtail pancakes or something and my curiosity is insanely piqued.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,10/10/2014,128,64,7,16,15>Of course when the newest Korean place opens up, I HAVE to go and visit it. I had the Kimchi fried rice, and it was amazing and had the taste of home :) I love how they put a nice and perfect little sunny side egg on top of your fried rice, and just a side tip: to REALLY get the full flavor, you should break your egg yolk and let all that yolk mix in nicely with your rice. I wish I could've tried the wings and the kimchi balls as well, but I always have to have my Cow Tippin' Creamery ice cream whenever I'm near these West Campus trailers, so I decided to save those for next time. However, I love the cute little packaging from this trailer. They put their food in the cutest little plastic bowl with their logo on it, and it's just too cute.This will definitely my go-to convenient place whenever i miss home food!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/9/2014,163,277,5,10,12>I love the nearby feature on Yelp mobile! We were cruisin around downtown Sat & got a sweet tooth, and viola, Capital City Bakery. Super cute shop! Parking in back is easy to get to. And there is smoke outdoor & decent indoor seating. Unfortunately they didn't have lots of cupcake choices @ like 3pm, but we each found something to quench the sweet tooth. The Strawberry cupcake was VERY, very strawberry. My 4 year old loved it, but it was a but much for me. I enjoyed the Carrot Pumpkin w Cream Cheese icing. Not overly sweet, but the cakes are wonderfully moist! I'd def go back & try others. A moist cupcake goes a long way!!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,10/8/2014,255,164,17,16,14>I'm still young, hip and relevant. Why do you ask?Is it because I'm surrounded by people younger than me in a downtown speakeasy club?Sheeeit, I just made the walls sweat when I answered the dance challenge of a young woman who tapped me on the shoulder to check my street cred. Some fuckin eye of the tiger business right there, you totally missed it.What you don't know is that the DJs are my age, and I've come to support them.. Two nights in a row.   It WAS a little too easy becoming the "Duke" here. Can't be a secret joint if you're checking in, grandpa!Go on a weekend or Monday** night, when your ears will be treated to delightful dance music of all genres.  I didn't come here for the drinks, but they do have a mostly full liquor bar. If you want fancy craft beer, go back through the curtain and order at Chicago House.Bring your dancing shoes.**Update: They stopped doing Motown On Mondays until further notice.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,10/7/2014,171,118,6,13,9>Pretty tasty little sandwich shop about a mile from my place.. Got to like that! On my first visit I had just finished a long, sweaty day of moving and the last thing I wanted to do was cook. I wandered in and was greeted immediately and warmly. I got the regular size (7 inches! *insert innuendo here*) jalapeño Philly cheesesteak. It was juicy and delicious and I couldn't even finish the whole thing in one sitting. Definitely add a side of the Southside garlic mayo, that stuff is addicting. I've also tried their spicy Italian cold sub. I recommend getting it Tucci's way - garlic mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, oil, oregano, vinegar and hot sweet peppers. I like that they use premium quality meats and cheeses from Boars Head. Makes for a tasty sub! You can get a regular sized sub, chips and a drink for about $10. Great value.Tucci's aren't the most fabulously fancy gourmet sandwiches you've ever had, but they have definitely mastered the basics. The staff is also very friendly and actually makes conversation with you instead of just slapping together a sandwich and sending you on your way. Good job guys :)
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/6/2014,167,132,5,10,9>Use the garage the verb meaning "to ride a bicycle" is from 1883. An interval of time during which a characteristic, often regularly repeated event or sequence of events occurs. A single complete execution of a periodically repeated phenomenon. But by doing these event I begin to see a new level of Cycling, thanks to our instructor Loren for bring these experience to the max. Energetic instructors teach each class to upbeat music, helping you push, turn, and burn your way. PureRyde instructors made it all happen clipped our spin shoes into our bikes, draped our towels over the handlebars. We rode to the beat pumped up tunes, movements helped to work our obliques and core muscles as we pushed through each turn. The instructor, music, and nature of the bikes kept us in motion, I definitely recommend this place.In SpanishUtilizar el verbo garageThe significa "andar en bicicleta" es a partir de 1883, un intervalo de tiempo durante el cual se produce un evento característico menudo repetida regularmente o secuencia de eventos. Una sola ejecución completa de un fenómeno repetirse periódicamente. Pero al hacer estos eventos empiezo a ver un nuevo nivel de Ciclismo, gracias a nuestro instructor Loren para traer estas experiencias al máximo. Instructores energéticos enseñan cada clase de música alegre, ayudándole a empujar, girar y grabar su camino. Instructores PureRyde hicieron posible todo esto recorta nuestros zapatos de giro en nuestras bicicletas, cubiertas nuestras toallas por encima del manillar. Nos montamos al ritmo melodías Pumped Up, movimientos ayudaron a trabajar nuestros músculos oblicuos y los músculos centrales como empujamos a través de cada turno. El instructor, la música y la naturaleza de las motos nos mantienen en movimiento, sin duda recomiendo este lugar.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/5/2014,29,63,7,10,9>THE BEST THAI FOOD IN AUSTIN. Easily. Maybe the best I've had anywhere, including Thailand. Many of the reviewers mention how spicy the stuff they serve here is. And yes, it is very spicy. But it's not so spicy you can't taste any of the flavors. The spice just adds to it. The cabbage 2 ways is amazing. Your brain can't prepare you for how this tastes. How can freaking cabbage be this good? Idk. But for $5, its insane.The fried chicken thighs with chicken fat rice was the first plate they delivered to us. Partially (mainly?) Because it was the least spicy of the ones we ordered besides the cabbage. The chicken was fried to perfection. Amazing crunch and batter, served atop some awesome chicken fat rice. I could eat an entire bowl of just that rice. The chicken was also served with a spicy dipping sauce that was a great. The second entree we ordered was the waterfall pork. Very accurately named dish. Because it will make some of you shed tears. It's grilled pork shoulder served with tiger cry sauce. This was my favorite dish out of the 3 main dishes we tried. Awesome, juicy pork. The sauce was ridiculous. Spicy, salty, sour, peppery. Perfect balance. SPICY yes. But fucking delicious. Was definitely starting to sweat when we were plowing through this entree, but it was SO DAMN GOOD you can't stop eating it. It was also a fairly large portion compared to what I was expecting. Served with great sticky rice. The pickled cabbage on the side helped with the spicy as well.The last plate we ordered was the panang curry with beef (we chose to add a fried egg for $1, bc a fried egg makes everything better). The fried egg also helped tamed some of the spicy curry. The GF liked this dish the best. I liked it very much as well. And I definitely AM NOT a fan of curry normally. The curry flavor is a little more tamed than usual, but the rest of the flavor shine bright. The beef was super tender as well. Very balanced dish, and not quite as spicy as the waterfall pork.The guy running the truck was super friendly and wanted feedback on each dish and the spice level. He says he just can not cook fake Thai food. I can respect that. Every time I come here, by the end of the meal my forehead and nose are borderline dripping in sweat from the spice. I wouldn't have it any other way.Big, bold flavors. That's what I love about Thai food. That's exactly what you will get here at ESK Thai Kun.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,10/4/2014,436,460,10,15,13>We found this food truck at Moontower. It was sxsw, cold, and this was the only truck open. The burgers looked big so we decided on sharing one. I wish they offered jalapeños dammit! They're currently cash only, but you can get a cash advance at the bar. Haha. The guy seemed overwhelmed, grumpy, or irritated when I ordered. The cheeseburger with bacon was solid. It came with fried tater tots. I've never liked tots because  I hated the soggy school cafeteria ones, but these were really good. They were crispy and spiced with Cajun seasoning.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/3/2014,103,226,15,15,11>This place is perfect. It's absolutely perfect. It feels like going to see family in Tennessee, but with a better bun for that delicious pulled pork sandwich.The pork rib meat literally falls off the bone as soon as you pick the bone up. The glaze and rub they use is just flawless, with a perfect blend of sweet and peppery. The Texas Two-Step is everything I need out of a sandwich - a pile of pork topped with sausage with a giant, crunchy dill slice on top.They use an app called Rockbot to let diners pick music to play in the restaurant. They also have genre controls set so some troll can't roll up in the parking lot and play six repeats of "Hotel California" or an entire Rage Against the Machine album, like I've had the unfortunate displeasure of experiencing at Hideout. Right now, they even have it set up where you don't have to pay to play because they've sponsored your tunes for free.I can't wait to get down on a Donk and some nachos. I'll be back within a week to try both.My only tiny request/complaint - please put a diet soda that isn't Dr. Pepper in the fountain because Dr. Pepper ain't shit.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,10/2/2014,250,151,6,10,9>If you want an excellent establishment to unwind - have some drinks - then wait till the night life picks up - come HERE! This spot has exceptional service coupled with some great beers = time worth spent. Phenomenal management and ownership. - do NOT pass this by...!! Best little spot "unknown" in Austin!! Get your music and drink on!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/1/2014,307,445,9,13,9>I really want to write a one star review so this place remains a secret.  :) Wow, right in my back yard is phenomenal sushi, and incredible service.  My friends suggested we eat here last night, and I was a bit skeptical, but man am I glad we stopped in. Being less than a mile from my house - I feel like I have just hit the jackpot. Fresh, delicious sushi is what you will find here.  The rolls are the perfect size, no skimping on the goods.  We had the following :Lobster Roll - the best of them all  Hawaiian Roll - coming in a close second - crowd favTuna Lover - a little too much avocado - but still very goodTiger Roll - simple - clean - tastyAlamo Roll - awesome if you like eel. miso -  is probably the best in townYakisoba - my first time to eat this plate of heaven.  Spicy and a huge portion. Don't forget to order a beer, they serve them COLDDDDDD. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/30/2014,257,292,9,14,13>Of the many culinary "mistakes" that I make, one of the more egregious errors in recent memory is not forcing myself to go to Garbo's Lobster Truck sooner."Oh, it's all the way over there today. I'll wait until it's near me." "$17 for lunch from a food truck? I'll do it when I get paid." "They probably don't use a lot of lobster, so I don't know... And it IS a food truck, after all. How well can they manage lobster? We'll see." "I'M NOT LEAVING BED TODAY." All of these sentences were among the endless list of lame ass excuses that prevented me from GETTING THAT LOBSTER ROLL. And who paid the price? This guy. The lobster is perfect. I'll dare to use the word succulent, and I hate that word because it makes me feel weird. The chunks of meat are rather large and they keep shredded scraps to a minimum. They use a lot of meat as it was practically falling out of the bun. I ordered the Maine style roll, which is the cold version dressed with their homemade mayo, seasoning, and scallions. The bun is delicious in and of itself. The mayonnaise isn't overwhelming and lets the meat be the star that it is. The scallions are an accent, which is what they're meant to be. I'm going to say hands down that this is the best lobster roll I've ever had. And like someone who would say something like that, I'll follow it up with the sentence "and I've had a lot of lobster rolls." Garbo's knows their product and thank god for that. The slaw that comes on the side is some of the most refreshing slaw that I've ever had. I'm not really sure how they accomplished that, but kudos to them because usually I find it a take-it-or-leave-it type of thing. It's a bonus, of course, if they're nearby, but Garbo's is worth making the journey to. It's a filling, satisfying meal that also has the benefit of being obscenely delectable. As far as pricing goes, it's actually a total deal considering the amount and quality that you're getting. They're opening a brick and mortar sometime, I hear, and I'll be curious to see menu additions. In the meantime, I'm going to continue to right my past wrongs and go back to become all too familiar with their existing fare.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/29/2014,21,60,8,11,9>I've been going to Kate for over a year now and I couldn't be happier. We all know how hard it is to find a good stylist, and I got really lucky when I found her. She listens, gives good suggestions, and doesn't floof up my hair so I look like a poodle when I leave. I'd give 6 stars if I could!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/28/2014,257,697,3,10,5>The boat was very nice for what it was and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  The tour guide was very clever and witty with her words and the tour information was quite fun and interesting.  In between the guided tour, they would give us free time with no narration for a little break time and at the end they wrapped it up with a nice outro.  Parking can be found at the Hyatt Hotel for only $6 for the first 0-4 hours.  When you walk up to the docks, they are the docks on the left.  The staff works mostly off of gratuity so don't forget to bring some cash!  Don't get them mixed up with the Capital Cities tour because those guys are extremely rude and will push you aside when they are busy and feel you are most likely a pushover.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/27/2014,58,75,13,10,11>Holy KAAAAPPOOOWWW, Batman! I loved the hell out of this place!!!! Papi Tino's should be embarrassed! The service was stellar! The food was amazing, as were the drinks. We sampled the escargot, the ceviche, the al pastor tacos. All were wonderful and decently priced.We also tried the Watermelon Jalapeño Rita and their version of the Moscow Mule made with Mescal instead. BAM! BOOM! POW! Loved them....hard!The waitstaff was excellent!!!!! She suggested the way they should arrive for palate maximization. For real! She was correct! I would highly recommend the back patio for extra SHAZAAAMMM!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,9/26/2014,278,170,6,14,9>My previous review was scathing but it was based on bad experiences. Once again, I've been proven wrong. Because, we evolve. And so do companies. I've really never met a more meticulous exterminator than Josh Garcia. After two hours running around the perimeter and a three page Excel-looking-spreadsheet documentation of the critters killed chock full of what pesticide and amounts - I'd say, they've made up for my past experience by leaps and bounds. I'm human, and I err. The same goes for companies, but it all boils down to Josh Garcia and making sure he represents his company well. He does.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,9/25/2014,724,628,8,15,11>I'm sad to report that Rudolph is no longer at KaRu. However, since his departure, I've been seeing his former protege, Tim Patrick. Tim is FANTASTIC. Very talented and passionate about his work, a super nice guy, and excellent at listening to what you need and executing on it. And did I mention that he's very reasonably-priced? Don't tell him I told you that. I recommend Tim and KaRu without hesitation. They will do your locks up right.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/24/2014,113,72,5,10,8>There has been buzz about Hopdoddy's for a cpl years now, but I wanted to avoid the lines that always seem to be trailing out the door. So, I'm here now, writing a review as I consume a tasty burger.  Service is interesting.  You come in, wait in line, and while in line, they give you a table number.  You order at the cash register, you can order burgers and alcoholic drinks from the cashier.  You tip when you pay at the cash register.  I don't loooove this system, because WTH are you tipping for at that point?  What if you tip 10-20% ahead of time but then get bad service? It gets slightly more confusing when you sit at your table and realize you have a waiter.   Do I tip him /her too?  I just want to make sure the money is getting to the ppl waiting on me and everyone is making livable wages. So - I asked a host how tip out works.  He says when he hosts, he makes a generous wage and a smaller tip out.  The servers all split the tips from the register, but I know I didn't think to tip 20% at the register because I still didn't understand what I was tipping for or that I would have stellar service once I sat down.    host says ppl either tip twice,  once at the cash register and once at the end of the meal OR they only tip at the cash register.  So, I guess I'll tip twice today, but have cash to tip your server or you will feel like a jerk. Nick was my server and he was very nice, always around to help bag up food, grab me a water and so on.  Keith was also a very nice server/host that came by my table a few times. Once seated, your food is brought to the table.  The soundtrack seems to be on repeat here - change the tunes, dudes!  I heard a couple of the same songs twice in the span of an hour. The menu has about 8 set burgers, 3 different bun options, and you can choose tuna, lamb, veggie burger, grass fed or conventional meat.  They were out of the grass fed this time around, but that would have been my preference.  The sides consist of truffle fries or fries with queso.  They also had a daily special shake, veggie burger and a new quinoa salad.  I had the magic shroom burger with goat cheese, mayo, lettuce , onions, mushrooms and a wheat roll.  It was good.  I have to say, I'm partial to the charcoal or grill taste of an open flame type burger.  These burgers don't have that taste, but it was a GOOD burger.  I got a wheat roll with seeds and crunchy stuff on top.  I asked for medium burger and it was cooked perfectly.  Tried the quinoa salad and really dug it.  I'm not a fan of fries and it was nice to have another option. Fully of tiny veggies and sun dried tomatoes, it was refreshing, in a sea of burgers. Tried a margarita with house made triple sec and fresh juice and it made me pucker, very fresh.    The price point is a little high, but the signs about which farmers, cattle ranchers and vendors they use locally, helps in explaining the price points. Next time, I will try the tuna burger, at the recommendation of the cashier. free wifi here, yay!I like the shirts all the servers wear, funny sayings on each one.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,9/23/2014,81,43,9,19,18>Here in Austin TX, BBQ is taken very seriously.  You have probably heard plenty of stories of Franklin's Barbecue.  As a long time Austin resident, I made the trek to Franklin's and here is my timeline of events.  Sunday, Feb 2014 dayArrive at 7:25am, got 20th spot in line 7:45am, prob a solid 60 people in line8:20am, now about 100+ people waiting in line.  Majority of people bring camping folding chairs.  Some people bring coolers.  Its a mild foggy Feb day as people patiently wait till 11am when the store opens.  9:00am, 2 Franklin employees walk down the line with a clipboard asking how much meat you plan to buy.  There is only so much meat in the smoker, so they try to get to the count to someone in back of the line.  Anyone waiting pass that person will likely strike out with no food.  10:45am, people start putting their chairs up, and you see a few parties in line have friends join them who just recently get there.  Few line cutters sure, but the meat order list already came in around 911:00am, doors open, people start to file in.  11:20am, from my 20th spot, now ordering timeI order a split of fatty and lean brisket with also a single pork rib. Interesting that no beef rib is served here.  My friend grabs the brisket plate which comes with two sides. They hand you the customary starter brisket bite to get your senses going.  The brisket is tender, smoked ring flavored meat, and a 18hr charred bark.  It has that deep long cooked smoked flavor that is the institution of this restaurant.  I tasted more smoke flavor than salt/pepper flavor in this brisket meat. I think I prefer the more high peppery brisket at other spots.  The pork rib I thought was amazing.  It was so well cooked, it easily fell off the bone.  Pork rib is very juicy, peppered, and quite tender rib meat.  I also really enjoyed the BBQ sauce they had available.  It was very little sugar flavor in it with a bit of spice seasoning.  They offer beans, coleslaw, and potato salad, but why waste space with getting sides?. They also offer serve pies such as Banana pudding, Key Lime, or Pecan (if you are still hungry).  Plenty of table seating indoors and outdoors.  I will close out my review by giving the most important statement: This was NOT the best brisket I have ever had!  LA BBQ I feel deserves best brisket award.  Also was missing out on the beef rib.  Trust me, I dont think Franklin will be hurting in business because I said their brisket is 2nd place.  I tried bbq all around Austin and much of central TX.  There is some amazing pit masters in this area.  Franklin's BBQ is at the head of their craft.  The story of a small tiny trailer of 4 people, making brisket in 2008 or so, and has now boomed to a mecca for BBQ enthusiasts.  A surreal story for sure. This is perfection in BBQ pitmaster cooking.  For the tourists that visit the Austin, TX area, there is amazing BBQ in this city.  If you feel adventurous and will wait in 3hr+ line, go to Franklin's.  Lines not as bad during the week also.  You will get to experience an amazing take on barbecue.  If you pass, you have many fantastic options like LA BBQ, J Mueller, Stiles & Switch with lesser wait times.  You do not know true brisket until you visit this city!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/22/2014,289,450,6,13,13>What's not to like?  This is an amazingly beautiful building.  If you're into old architecture, you'll have a hard time not liking it.  I finally came here for the first time in my 8 years and I was sad that it took me that long.  After a nice bachelor dinner we decided to come here for drinks.  Great suggestion friend.  It was hopping with multiple wedding parties and a live band but it cleared out pretty quickly.  We managed to get an area with a coffee table and got comfy.  Our server was fantastic and the Manhattan I had was easily one of the most delicious cocktails I've ever had.  So good that I had three of them.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,9/21/2014,238,365,12,12,13>When my family first moved to America, one of the few "American" things I was allowed to eat were sandwiches. Everyday, my grandma would carefully wrap my sandwich in aluminum foil and pack it in a brown paper bag. Unlike other kids who had Ziploc bags filled with peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, I had Camembert sandwiches that I had to noisily unwrap and eat in front of a bunch of judgy 6 year olds. (Thanks grandma!)At the time, I was completely mortified. But looking back now, I appreciate the simplicity of those sandwiches and the love that she put into them. She instilled a food memory in me that comes out only in rare moments of culinary clarity. Today, after taking my first bite out of the Reuben at The Mighty Beastro, I was hit hard with sandwich nostalgia. But this sandwich was way better than any sandwich my grandma ever made. (Sorry grandma!)Justin, the owner, is super cool and very passionate about food. His homemade corned beef is brined for days and is braised it until it is super tender.  It's placed between two toasty pieces of rye lightly coated with melted Swiss cheese, and it's topped with sauerkraut and dressing. Shockingly, I just realized, it was my first Reuben--ever. And it was amazing. Will I ever eat any other kind of sandwich again? Well yeah. The German. This sandwich comprises of slow cooked pork butt (really, it's the shoulder people), red cabbage, and a delicious concoction of grey poupon, mayo, and pork fat. Seriously. Pork fat. That is a special sandwich. Like, maybe the best sandwich I've had in a long time. If you're not a big meat eater, they also have a Caprese sandwich, which is made with homemade pesto, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil. And they have a bacon avocado lettuce and tomato sandwich--for vegetarians who consider bacon a garnish. So, this place totally gets it. They make simple, flavorful food, and you can taste every bit of love that they put into it. This place has ruined me for life. I'll never be able to eat another sandwich anywhere else again.Seriously. (Sorry grandma!)
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,9/20/2014,36,87,2,9,5>I'm happy to report that Juke came into my life via Yelp. Didn't know the place existed until I searched on the app. And lo and behold, I now have a mechanic I feel I can trust. (Found my water heater guy via Yelp search too, a 5 star experience).Took the car to Juke for a maintenance check. $75 to walk thru the entire car. Then they call you and break it down into needs to be done immediately, it can wait or skip it. Took my car in on a Wednesday afternoon and had it back Friday midday. That's with replacing the oil pan gasket, new plugs, new drive belt and some other sundry items. All that for less than a grand. Don't know for sure, but feel like it would have been north of the 1k mark pretty much anywhere else. Really enjoyed dealing with these guys. Everyone had a smile on their face and seemed happy to be there. No small feat. How much is trust actually worth? Pretty priceless if you ask me.Juke gets 4 instead of 5 stars for what may be a paltry reason. After I paid the bill and got my car, the check engine light was on. They fixed it lickety split, but it wasn't exactly the warm and fuzzy I was looking for after dropping a G in the place. However, I understand that sometimes shit happens and is definitely not a deal breaker.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,9/19/2014,93,342,6,10,11>I'd never heard of mochi until a client of my husband's work recommended we try them at Trader Joe's.  We purchased the box of strawberry and it took a few of them before I thought "these are pretty good!"  Then I heard of a place called Frozen Rickshaw where you can get them for real, not for prepackaged, and I had to go there.We took the opportunity to go recently when we knew the UT population had dwindled to nothing since it's intersession, which is a good plan, btw.  Parking wasn't a huge issue at 8pm, but you still have to park along 30th or in one of the neighborhoods.  Driveways are not forgiving so remember this as you try to turn around and scrape your bumper to a pulp as I did.On to the mochi...  Rick saw me staring blankly at the menu and said "Is this your first time here?"  "Yes!" I replied.  "Have you had mochi before?"  "Yes!  But only Trader Joe's...if that counts."  Rick then walked me through the menu.  Everything sounded so good, I had a hard time deciding.  I ended up going with a nutella mochi and a strawberry passion fruit mochi, which is actually sorbet.Everything is handmade by Apphia, so this is like real deal mochi!  I started with the nutella and it was really tasty!  But I found the wrap to be tough to bite into.  No worries, its deliciousness made up for my inability to eat it gracefully.  Then I bit into the strawberry passion fruit sorbet.  Holy moly was that good.  I made the mistake of letting my husband try it.  He loved it and he doesn't like mochi.  I highly recommend that one, and the wrap was easy to eat.I can't wait to go back and try other things, or just get a giant jug of strawberry passion fruit sorbet.  I could eat it by the scoopful.  The mochi balls are $2 each, which is much more expensive than my Trader Joe's box, but they are handmade and taste better.  Plus they come in all kinds of cool flavors and the customer service at Frozen Rickshaw is hard to beat.Heads up, it's a $3 minimum to use a credit card, but that minimum is easy to meet.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/18/2014,461,645,20,42,40>This former Bennigan's location got a serious revamp and a patio to boot! The handsome restaurant has a dimly lit fine dining area, a large bar, and a welcoming second dining room near the beautiful patio. They will eventually show games on a big screen on the side of the patio that has stadium seating.Preston, our waiter, thoroughly knew the menu and was timely throughout our dining experience.  I was impressed with him and how perfectly smooth their opening day went. The beer and wine selections is great! There are 16 beers on draft many of which are Texas brews. We dined in during happy hour so our drinks were $1-2 off. I ordered an Amaya malbec and Jesse opted for the Deep Ellum IPA.Chef de Cuisine Cosme Cavazos Jr. and their culinary team did a wonderful job on the menu, reading the descriptions everything sounded amazing. They boast using seasonal ingredients and they have fish flown in daily. The menu is divided into ponderings (apps), small plates, raw, land and sea. They make most of their items from scratch from the dough for their flatbreads to curing bacon and braising their own pork belly. I ordered the seared tuna off the Sea options and Jesse ordered bacon wrapped quail and the street tacos from the small plates. Our dishes came out beautifully plated and we were pleased with the generous portions. Both of Jesse's dishes were "small plates" and just one small plate would fill me up. The Hawaiian Tuna came out rare as requested and was served with sauteed spinach, delicious wasabi mashed potatoes and a light sauce that complimented the dish nicely. Jesse's decadent street tacos were full of rich pork belly and dressed with some veggies. The bacon wrapped quail was wonderful, the bacon freshly prepared and the quail tender. While I liked the bacon and quail dish, I did find the sauce it came with to be too sweet.They have a great social (happy) hour 4pm-7pm offering:$2 off glasses of wine$2 off spirits$1 off beerAnd a selection of discounted bar food.The food is on the pricey side but the portion and quality warrant it. North Austin/Cedar Park lacked a quality late night restaurant and luckily Foxhole is open until 2am Thursday-Saturday. I am glad to have another excellent dining option in my neighborhood!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/17/2014,31,171,5,13,10>Let's go to the beach! Oh alright we can go to Garbo's new brick and mortar. It gives you a feeling of being on the beachside having a delish meal! The place is small but they do have patio seating DOG FRIENDLY!Now the food is so good! It's like that date you had leaving you wanting more. Yes that good! The fish dip was Smokey and creamy and the fish was tender and flakey. The steamer clams were done perfectly. Clams were tender and juicy.  My hubby's Maine lobster roll was just as good as the one you order from the trucks.  The roll was soft and the lobster was tender and sweet. The dressing complimented the roll very well. Finally dessert: key lime Napoleon,  rich, creamy, light and refreshing. I'm not a key lime freak like my hubby but I tried it and it wasn't overwhelming with key lime flavor. Definitely coming back!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/16/2014,410,418,5,12,13>The Boardwalk is a great addition and I think it will divert a lot of traffic from the trail.  The entry points can be a little difficult to find and it only took me 3 tries.  In all fairness I was trying to find it at night and I used the GPS so, I don't think it was entirely accurate.When we walked on the Boardwalk we came across a couple who was standing on a viewing platform and were slow dancing to an IPOD.  They didn't really seem to notice that we were there at all and of course there was two bikers who were griping because we were sitting off to the side by the railing (Totally out of the way)!I would love the walk the entire length because I am sure it offers more impressive views of different angles of the city.  It is very peaceful at night and I enjoyed the view of the city lights at night!What a great investment made in this!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,9/15/2014,61,50,6,8,12>I love love love Amy's ice cream.  Ask anyone who knows me and they will tell you that I never order dessert.  It's not a lifestyle choice and I'm not all that picky about my health but I just lack a sweet tooth.  Whenever posed with the dessert question, I'm just never tempted by what's offered.  Then Amy's happened. I came to Austin on vacation once before moving here and my sister told me I just had to try it on my trip.  It was like we were walking on the sun that day and I figured an ice cream was just what I needed to cool off and get a respite from the heat.  This was so much more than that.  The ice cream is rich and creamy without the flavor being overbearing.  I was also impressed to learn that it is not only homemade but gluten and artificial flavoring free.  So far I have tried the white chocolate, Belgian chocolate, and mint chocolate (noticing a pattern?) and would recommend any one of them.  You can also give the trivia a shot and see if you can get a free crush in.  The staff is nice and helpful when asked for suggestions on flavors and toppings and I believe the price is fair for what you're getting.  Great follow up to your meal.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/14/2014,611,369,16,14,17>It took me three visits, and a surprising amount of time to sit down and write about Qui. Of my three visits, one was a spontaneous visit solo where I sat alone at the bar, but had a surprise guest join me. It was near their opening, so they hadn't figured things out yet. It was a pleasant, but bumpy experience. They were still working out kinks, that's how these things are. I was absolutely bananas for the Game of Thrones inspired drinks, and loved the salmon dish I had. There was one less than stellar dish, but I chalk this up to them figuring the menu out at the time.Fast forward: I go again with a mega-foodie. (I like to think I am one of those, but we gotta call a spade a spade, and I'm really more of a mega-drinkie though I dabble in both). We have a fantastic time. Everything is perfection. He erupted in pornographic noises, and overall it was a delight. Zero complaints. Perfection.Third time: I convinced a harem of Swedish men at SXSW to join me there. And get me a few drinks. (They were way too nice, I owe them.) I'd been day-drinking, after all it was was SXSW, but I'm pretty sure everyone was happy. I left early. Everything is blurry. The next day my head hurt. (Not because of Qui.)All in all, it's totally worth it, and can someone please give me money so I can go again?
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,9/13/2014,168,88,7,10,11>We had a reservation at Jacoby's for opening night, and knowing how things typically go when restaurants are sorting things out, our expectation was for a bit of happy chaos. We didn't have a single issue, though. I had the quail, which came with a porridge that I wasn't able to eat, so the kitchen happily swapped it out for some of their delicious, buttery, crunchy mixed vegetables. The quail was tender and not the slightest bit gamey, with a mild fruity flavor - cherries, maybe? So good. The cocktails all looked really interesting, so I opted for a bourbon drink with blackberries and citrus, the name of which was obliterated from my mind once I got sauced, so you'll just have to identify it yourself on the menu. The restaurant is pretty gorgeous - rustic and refined, which I love. My favorite part was the back yard, which is the ideal spot for getting a drink and sitting over by the Colorado. It's peaceful and lovely, and even though I live around the corner, I had no idea it was even there and could be so picturesque in all of its muddy glory. Jacoby's is affordable, delicious, and cozy. It's certain to give Justine's a run for its money as the neighborhood's flagship date spot.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/12/2014,178,284,4,11,11>5 star rating for dinner.They have delivered consistently delicious noodles & broth in all of my dinner visits there. I have never been disappointed & they haven't hiked up their prices despite popularity, thus I am upgrading the stars. Still not a fan of lunch. Don't go for lunch if you're craving REAL ramen with tonkatsu broth. Curry is good, chasu bowl is very good, Tonkatsu original is what keeps me coming back for MORE. Yes, get an extra Ajitama soft boiled egg. Yes, get extra noodles. Yes, personalize it any way you want! I've tried corn bombs also with success!Broth is wonderful. Creamy, soothing, and flavorful. Thin & thick noodles are both superb. QQ to the max. That's how I love my noodles!Austin is NOT known for their authentic Asian food, but thankful for places like Tatsu-ya that are changing the Austin culinary scene in the right direction :)
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,9/11/2014,129,170,7,15,13>I was chagrined when the former kitschy trailer park was moved out to make room for condos.  But unlike so many developers from out of town, this Austin developer made a smart move and incorporated a little bit of Austin feel into his plans.  The Picnic is a well planned trailer food court with ample parking, bathrooms, good lighting and sturdy and plentiful picnic tables.  We spent a pleasant evening here noshing on food from Ms. P's Electric Cock and The Seedling.  There was good music playing and the vibe was decidedly Austin.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/10/2014,564,466,17,26,23>Located in the backyard/patio area of Buzz Mill coffee house and bar, Blue Ox BBQ sits in the corner sending clouds o' great smelling some into the air. Rumor is BOB obtained Franklin's old smoker, so that thing must be well seasoned!Saw Mill, with its rustic, lumber jack theme, seems like just the right spot to nosh on some great meat. So...Step 1: Walk into Saw Mill and order a 2 buck Hamms beer...or other beverage of your choice. Step 2: Walk out into the large patio area, slightly the left, peruse options, and order up some Q. Tips: A. BOB stays open until midnight Sunday through Thursday and until 1am on Friday and Saturday! Getting good Q late night is a rarity - but they do run out of some options - your call. B. BOB states meats are sold by the 1/2lb, but on some things (e.g., brisket) he's willing to go down to a 1/4. C. If you don't have any cash, no worries BOB accepts credit cards. Step 3:  Wait, sip suds, salivate a bit...Step 4: If I have to tell you what to do here you probably can't even read this, so...*Brisket: Didn't ask for moist (fatty) or lean and just somehow got lucky that the slices we received were both - one half fatty, one half lean. I guess it's the angle it was cut at. Hmm. Nice light smoke, pretty pink ring, thin yummy crust. The fatty was of course super moist and so tasty. The leaner section was tender; however, a little on the dry side.   *Ribs: Heavy S&P rub. Great crust. Fall off the bone greatness. We even got a little something extra - the "unsalable" end piece that was well appreciated. Thank ya! *Beef rib - Didn't try, but plan to in the future. BOB had one left that weighted just over a pound @$18.99 per pound. Think dinosaur! Yabba dabba doo! You better be extra hungry!*Potato salad: From the previous reviews there seemed to be some disparities about the pot salad. Seems like people love it or hate it. My husband was a lover, I was a liker. It is not Texas style mustard based, but it's not exactly German style either (as some others have mentioned). It's served cold, the large diced potatoes are slightly al dente, it's a vinegar based dressing but not overly tangy. Simple, scratch made, good.   *BBQ sauce: Thick. OK....but does anyone actually use the stuff? With good Q you do. not. need. it. *Texas Q condiment bar; Self-serve all the onions, pickles, ...sauce you want. Overall: Solid. Will be a repeat offender and try other menu items. Decent price and friendly service. Plus, cheap beers and great atmosphere provide by the Mill = good times.***Participant in Texas Barbecue Week 2014 - tmbbq.com/events/texas-b
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/9/2014,500,199,16,22,18>Have you ever wanted Helote, fruit water, those cool popsicles or Mexican style ice cream in a cute ice cream shop location? Well all your dreams have come true.La Michoacana I thought meant meat market...  this is far from it.This place is run by a fun family who opened up what I would call an Oasis in this shopping center.  Their ice creams aren't just home made, they're incredible originals... especially one called Gansito... and yes, my pic of it was spell corrected by my English typing phone to say "gastro."  Gansito is a snack cake that Hispanic kids had growing up... that my chubby youth unfortunately missed out on... but Im making up for it now thanks to this place!I had the helote which was awesome, the lime fruit water...which was also awesome... and the Gansito and Marshmallow ice creams...which were also awesome.If you're in this part of town... you've gotta come here to try their stuff.. you won't be disappointed. A large ice cream with three huge scoops is $4.75.  The small helote that I had which was more than I needed was only $2.75.  All wins.Just get here already... but bring cash, because that's all they take.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/8/2014,88,128,11,18,11>I HATE that I'm writing this review. Not because I feel bad about anything that I'm going to write. I HATE that I'm writing it because....I want to keep this as my own special secret. Welcome to Austin folks! The place where if you want to practice yoga,  you get to be crammed into a room where you're can literally watch the beads of sweat form on the person next to you because you're that close to them. Oh, and practicing yoga in Austin, pretty much guarantees that you'll be in a room of folks who are so damn toned, that you sort of want to give up and go sit on a couch with your two favorite guys--Ben & Jerry. OH...and it also means that most classes will be filled with ONE type of--not just body type--but ethnicity. And as a curvy, woman of color---THAT. SHIT. GETS. OLD. Welcome to Blue Honey Yoga. Where the instructors aren't tools, the room is clean and doesn't smell like 8,000 people died and were buried under the wood floors, the classes are BEAUTIFULLY taught and incredibly challenging, no matter what level you're at, and where classes haven't YET reached capacity levels that yank the zen right out of you just from being frustrated by that. I've been to, BFree, Dharma, Yoga Yoga, Pure Bikram (got yelled at for walking out of a class because the instructor was giving me anxiety...and he yelled at the the entire time I was rolling up my mat, and exiting...), Black Swan...blah, blah, blah...the list goes on. As someone who has practiced yoga for 12 years, 10 of which were at 1 studio in Dallas...I was SEARCHING for my yogic home. My requirements:1) Down to earth, non preachy, friendly, open, live the life yoga teachers---because authentic hearts are REQUISITE when teaching others yoga2) A space with good energy3) Places that had a lot of people that come to practice, but still have room for you to stretch your arms out in poses without touching someone else4) A place that draws in PEOPLE OF COLOR. 5) A place where ALL body types are present in classes6) A place where each class ... even if you go to the same class at the same time every day of the week...will offer you a new flow, not the same old one7) A place when where I work out...I feel like I've practiced with a wide intersection of people in my community, and I genuinely feel at peace as soon as savasana is over---and that knows how to make savasana a healing space for the close of your practice.8) A space where if you're 5 or 10 minutes late, they don't guilt you about it, because they're just GRATEFUL and happy for you to be joining the flow...Well, guess which studio in Austin fulfills EVERYTHING I've been searching for. Since I was 18, I've learned to take my worries, anxiety and anger to the mat. Work it all out, on the mat. Leave all that stuff behind you, on the mat. So, to find this yoga studio in Austin, basically has been like finding the perfect therapist to soothe the inner chaos in my mind. Yeah...it's that good. You will come in, be challenged, sweat your ass off, and leave in AWE of your own strength and resilience. The ONLY thing that I would like to see is for the 6pm class to be 6:15 or even 6:30pm---because so many people get off at work at 6pm and that grace would be LIFESAVING. PS: My favorite teacher at the studio is Jenna. She makes my heart happy. She's an EXCELLENT teacher, has the best energy, and radiates a spirit that you just KNOW she lives a very centered life. :) And Lena is just the nicest human being...ever.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,9/7/2014,74,79,9,15,13>This place should have been here for years. It should have been one of the Austin Icons from the glory days. It's that comfortable and cool. There's a tree shaded area with spool tables and comfy lawn chairs, and an outdoor deck with picnic tables, and then you go inside. Big, cool, as in relief from the heat. A long bar, more picnic tables, and a stage. This afternoon it was filled by Rosie and the Ramblers, and it was perfect music for chillin' on a Sunday afternoon. Parking is fairly easy in their reasonably large lot. And getting a beer is fairly straightforward. You go to the counter, choose your tipple and it is poured for you by the beertenders behind the counter. Note: you need to have two people present at the counter to order a pitcher. A single person can get two pints, but not a pitcher. There were 4 beertenders when we were there and the line moved very quickly. The beer selection is, as you would expect, varied and extensive. We had several pitchers of Hell Yes, and a glass or two of Cascadian dark, Superliner and Luxury Liner. All were delicious.  The surprise here was the food. The menu is much more gastro pub than pub grub. It is also clearly local vendor oriented, with named vendors like Antonelli's, Easy Tiger, Johnson Backyard Garden, Vital Farms and many more. We had the Margherita pizza and it was delicious. The cheese plate looked yummy, and I'm not a man that says yummy. The atmosphere is just plain Austin cool. No hipster vibe here, just relaxed, cold beer & cool conversation. The long picnic table lines lend themselves to conversations between strangers and that is always cool for me. The combination of great local beer, great friends, great food and great music was what I've always thought 'Old Austin' must have felt like before the hordes of newcomers like me ruined it for everyone. Seriously, this is an Austin gem from the old days, Time traveled to the here & now. Go try it and tell me I'm wrong.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/6/2014,332,166,8,10,13>Yessss! Another great Thai restaurant in Austin! My husband and I tried it last night, and thoroughly enjoyed it.The atmosphere: Cute atmosphere (nicer than some of the other Thai restaurants in town where it's obvious you go for the food only).  The inside has only about 9 tables, and there is ample seating on the deck outside. We ate inside because of the heat, but will definitely go back to sit on the deck once the weather cools. The service:  A bit slow, but friendly. We weren't in a hurry, so didn't mind.The food:  Wonderful! My husband loves peanut sauce, and kept raving about it.  I had the Pad Kra Pow, and it was delicious. Overall:  Loved the fact that it's BYOB.  We met the owner (who is also the chef). Her name is Manna, and she was so nice. She even sat down to talk to us after our meal.We will certainly be back.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/5/2014,699,1000,12,16,17>When The End comes near, and the human race is faced with extinction either by alien invasion, the zombie apocalypse, or an asteroid there will be two things left:  cockroaches and Longbranch Inn in Austin, TX.I say this because the Longbranch Inn never changes.  It has stood the test of time.  It does not care about trends even though hipsters do belly up here.  It opened in the 1930's when the face of this side of Austin looked very different.  This ranges from the kinds of people who frequented The Longbranch (no hipsters in the 1930's, the Great Depression kept them at bay though they would have fit beautifully in skinny jeans since hunger was so prevalent) to the fact that this street (11th street) was not called 11th but instead was known as Longbranch (tip: hence the name).  Other businesses up and down E. 11th at that time were also known as "Longbranch" such as Longbranch Pharmacy.  These places are long gone and now you don't see the name Longbranch really anywhere along 11th.  But Longbranch Inn is still standing strong.They don't have draft beer.  Only bottles.  More importantly though they do carry Jameson and that's all you really need.  They do have a TV if you want to watch something.  Though listening is what you should really be doing because they have a very kick ass jukebox.  The range of musical selection should fit just about every taste, except maybe for grandma.  But you shouldn't bring your grandmother here anyway.  Actually, that's not true.  She might appreciate the wooden bar itself.  This is because the bar has history, and stories to tell since it was constructed in the 1800s for the Driskill Hotel downtown.  It is really a breathtaking antique to observe.They have a stage that sometimes has live music.  They have a pool table.  They have an outdoor patio area that runs along the side of the building.  They have everything.  This is where I'm coming when The End is near.  I doubt the Longbranch Inn will be fazed anyway by the passing fad of an apocalypse.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,9/4/2014,398,533,11,22,15>Another wonderful addition to South Austin! I came with a group of my favorite people for brunch and just had a fantastic time.The menu was a pretty standard gastropub menu but a few items really stood out.  One of them was the curry fried chicken! It wasn't as crispy as I had expected but still juicy with just enough curry flavor.  It comes with a sweet potato mash and some tasty arugula.The bar area was cool with lots of beers, wine on tap, and their iced tea is unique - it's made with Vietnamese cinnamon and cardamon.   Garage parking, communal tables, separate checks.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/3/2014,158,117,18,18,20>I'm in a trance when I walk into Bombay Express. I end up here every weekend. I don't choose to do so. It just happens.I crave it. How did I last a week without it? A week is not a long time. It's not anxiety that I feel while I wait. Nothing is felt. It is numbness. It is emptiness. I cannot understand the world around me. I am lost. I am wandering.I order my meal, then wait for it to arrive. The smell of perfectly blended spices clears my head for a second. Now, I am anxious. My eagerness swells. When my meal arrives, I realize that this is what I've been missing. This is what I crave most. This is a void that nothing else can fill. Eating Thali on the weekends is my religion. It is perfection. Thali is a meal platter that comes with two curries  (usually, one of those is an incredible goat cheese curry,) rice, dal (a soup), roti, puri, an appetizer and a dessert. It's a huge meal. Of course, that's not enough for me. You see, I am a true fatass. I believe in carb loading for fun, so a Chole Samosa is also in order. That's Samosas topped with a chickpea sauce, onions, and a sweet and sour chutney. After my meal I feel like I am one with the universe. Nirvana? Nah, it's just a food coma.This is what it's all about for me. As much as I love steaks, burgers, BBQ, and cat videos on YouTube, none of them will ever, truly, have command over me the way vegetarian Indian food does. Luckily, Bombay Express is near.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/2/2014,116,224,8,13,11>It's exciting to see Austin's food scene take a place in the national spotlight, but Vespaio was one of the first to put Austin on the map. Back in the day when we were wrapping up our educations at St. Ed's, we had nary a choice for food on South Congress other than disgusting El Gallo, bland Guero's and Texas French Bread.Then, in 1998, came along Vespaio. There was a two hour wait on most nights and we were right there in line with all the rest. I suppose we were the "OH"- original hipsters? {{Shudder}} no thanks. But brave the filthy and prostitute infested streets we most certainly did, as Vespaio was and still IS worth the wait. All these years later she still purrs like a wizened cat amongst the kittens.We recently revisited with friends and left just as happy as we were back in 1998 when we first sampled their velvety hanger steak. On our recent visit we savored classics such as calamari, carpaccio, fresh tomato caprese, and a sumptuous cioppino that rivals Clark's. The highlight was my culotte of beef with truffled risotto and bordelaise sauce that was reminiscent of a similar dish I had last year at SPQR in San Francisco. I think it's safe to say this risotto was even better.So in a city that is exploding with imaginative, luscious food served with unappetizing pompousness (Qui), it's nice to return to a familiar place that put "SOCO" {{shuddering again}} on the map.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/1/2014,73,175,9,11,12>What an amazing dinner we had yesterday evening at Soto.  My wife and I met up with our friends Dawn H and her husband Bobby here, who are regulars, and were blown away by everything that we were served.  Big thanks to them for showing us the light and bringing us here.The meal started off with a bang with the Fire Salmon, which consisted of generous slices of salmon sashimi draped on a stick, suspended over coffee beans, engulfed by small flames to impart some coffee essence into the fish served with a small dish of raspberry dipping sauce.  This may sound like some sort of Rube Goldberg invention, but I assure you that it was just plain good and is a must if you're a fan of salmon sashimi.  It also foreshadowed what would turn out to be just an epic meal. And the hits just kept on coming after that, from the more traditional sushi plate picked out by the Chef to an unforgettably creative sushi "flower" salad which was crafted out of a smorgasbord of seafood wrapped in avocado slices.  Every dish was so well thought out and made of such high quality ingredients that I honestly think this was the best sushi meal I've ever had.The three maki rolls we had (tiger, truffle, crispy salmon) were all home runs, as was the jalapeño hamachi sashimi.  But the biggest surprise for me was the grilled hamachi kama, which is salmon cheek.  I normally skip any kind of cooked fish when eating sushi, figuring what's the point - I'm here for the good stuff.  But it held its own and then some.  The one we got was meaty and delicious with sections of crispy goodness.  If you're the type of person that prefers eating fried chicken on the bone over tenders, you should order this dish. A close second in the surprise department was how much I loved the green tea tiramisu dessert.  I normally skip any kind of dessert when eating sushi, figuring what's the point - I'm here for the good stuff.  Not to mention, as far as desserts go, I've never liked tiramisu and prefer desserts of the chocolate cakey variety.  Soto's tiramisu was something truly special.  The cake and cream were delicious both with and without the green tea dip.  The perfect end to a masterful dining experience. Chef Andy was an outstanding host and did a spectacular job of picking out our courses.  This sushi restaurant is a real gem and has pushed Musashino and Uchi down a notch on my list of best sushi restaurants in the area.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/31/2014,55,251,5,11,7>So, my girlfriend and I decided to go on a Saturday afternoon, and yes, it is worth it. You pay some money, get a full-sized pint glass, and they fill it 3 times (unless you want some crazy 15% abv beer- in that case it's a half fill). I'm super cereal- in this brewery you get a regular glass instead of a shot glass to drink out of. Now, I'm not sure if these processes have changed since now breweries can sell beer onsite. There's no AC, and they usually have a food truck parked outside, although that was not the case this day. I didn't care honestly (I was there to drink beer). Basically you hang out and drink, and if you want to go on the tour you gather 'round and hear about beer-making. I learned a lot, including the fact that the beermakers at ABW aren't the biggest fans of bottles. I have to be honest, after going here I am a full-on belieber in cans. The more I think about it, cans make sense. There are easily recyclable, more portable, keep the beer away from nasty sunlight, and you can just pour the beer into a glass if you think the metal from the can leaves a funny taste- they also line the cans to prevent this. You cannot take bottled beer to the pool to swim or to the river to float!!I was already a huge fan before my visit, but was even more so after I left. Just a few other tidbits- they absolutely love unicorns which is a little odd but I don't care, and you can get a glittery beer if you so desire.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,8/30/2014,322,621,14,10,11>Chocolate wine, Special Shit.  Those are two distinct thoughts, mind you.  Let me explain.As part of Yelp's Day Trip to Bastrop last Fall, this was one of the stops on the walking tour of downtown.  As has been noted by other reviewers, Cripple Creek was the gem of the tour when it came to a store with one-of-a-kind food and gift items.By this point on the tour, you would think we'd had enough, especially after the wonderful welcome provided by the Lost Pines Hyatt.  But the sampling of the chocolate wine provided by Cripple Creek & Co was thoughtful and different from anything else we'd experienced on the day, and was most welcomed.But what makes Cripple Creek & Co unique for me is their selection of spices.  One of the brands they feature is Special Shit, and they had samplers available.  Special Shit makes Dip Shit, Bull Shit, Hot Shit, Aw Shit, BBQ Shit, and Good Shit.  But the best was the Special Shit.Wouldn't you know that my friend Heather F got a bottle of Special Shit?  We were all envious of Heather's Special Shit.  Heather had to guard her Special Shit with her life the rest of the day.  And she would have left her Special Shit behind at the Bastrop Brewhouse had yours truly not noticed she had forgotten her Shit.  Of course, by that time of day, there weren't many of us who still had our Shit together.Then again, if I'd said nothing, that would have given rise to a new Special Shit product:  Lost My Shit.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/29/2014,23,216,5,12,13>After a day of errand-running, my husband and I stopped by to pick-up a quick dinner. I had originally dismissed the trailer (parked across Burnet from the Allandale HEB) because it looked more like a slick state fair truck than the purveyor of deliciousness and hospitality that it is. Fortunately, I had noticed some Yelp love and made a mental note to check it out.We munched our way through the premium hot dog "con todo" (i.e., beans, jalapeno sauce, mustard, mayo, diced tomato, and caramelized onions), oohing over the steamed bun (I know some find it soggy, but I loved it) and ahhing over the bacon-wrapped dog with all of the fixings. We also tried the carne asada burrito, which was equally flavorful, filled with nicely seasoned meat and mashed avocado, served with red and green salsas to your liking. You really can't go wrong with either savory pick, but I recommend going with a friend who likes sharing food so that you can sample both.The service is so friendly. You just have to love a couple who made their dream a reality and somehow manages to work in very close quarters with smiles on their faces. I also appreciate Miguel's pride in his food - he made sure to show us our "to go" hot dog before bagging it so we could see how perfectly dressed it was in case it got mucked up on the drive home. Sonora's excellence really is in the details.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/28/2014,64,136,17,19,15>Read this like its a 4.5 star review....This is the place I wanna own when I grow up. I am torn between telling everyone to come here (so that they stay open forever) and telling no one to come here (so I can get my 'za whenever I want), but since I am typing this on Yelp... here it goes.$6.99 for 'za (HaHo: 2-4 = $1 off)Crust - thin, crispy and good, with just the right amount of char.Toppings - Okay here is the good stuff. It like Chip-ot-le, where you pick what you want, from crust to sauce to toppings - try the Macedonian dried meat, its really good.$6.99 for 'za (12 inch crust)The guys working there (Adem's crew) can even toss the dough for ya (after it comes out of the cutest little dough stretcher EVER).Ordered some 'za to go (after stuffing my face of course...) it's good the next day but the crust is a little soggy (but I did microwave it)They deliver! (I'm off Anderson Mill and 620)... but if they THINK I am gonna wait that long to get summa of this good stuff.... chile please!$6.99 for 'za (unlimited toppings)Oh yeah - They also have dessert and salad (Tiramisu, Cheesecake and Cannolis - the missus says the cannolis are the TRUTH!) but I would rather take a 'za to go home... When.... hun-ger make you drool,and you look like a foolGet Mi Pizzzaaaaaa....."When you get up from your seatand you can't see your feetBlame Mi PizzaaaaaaaaaaaSorry Dean Martin.....LOL
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,8/27/2014,68,205,11,8,7>Kids in the suburbs don't know how good they have it. Back in my day, we didn't have fancy farm-to-table restaurants. We had an Applebees, Red Lobster, and McDonalds. Yeah, we are obese and we ate a few too many fried-mozzarella sticks, but it bulit character,  I tell you! We didn't get fresh, season-appropriate ingredients. We ate whatever came out of the back of the Sysco truck. And, we liked it!Kids today with their comfortable, charming restaurants like Greenhouse. They'll never understand what it was like to subsist on Chilis and TGI Fridays. We used to have to work for our food. We used to have to risk our very lives on I35 to drive into Austin to find good eating. Now it's just right here for the taking.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/26/2014,121,86,10,14,13>I'm very picky about my donuts. Coming from Chicago, we had 4-5 excellent gourmet doughnut shops with fancy schmancy flavors. Coming to Donut 7 reminded me of how good plain glazed donuts are.We got the donut holes and both the spicy and regular kolaches. Fresh and cheap! We devoured in less than 5 minutes. :(The couple that runs the place is cheerful and very sweet. They thanked me several times for visiting. Love places like this.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,8/25/2014,101,86,11,16,15>I have been to Midori a few times throughout the years for lunch and dinners. It is a good little spot in the NW part of Austin.  If you like Sushi, that does not break your bank, and you are nearby, their lunch specials are killer, and will send you home full for cheap.I recently went there for lunch for the first time in years and was pleasantly reminded how much I love their lunch specials.  I had their Broiled Red Snapper Midori Bento lunch special.  This special comes with Miso Soup and House Salad to starts things off.  Then bring the Pain....  A nice filet of Red Snapper with white rice.  The fish was prepared well and was quite tasty with the teriyaki sauce.  It was the opposite of dry and fishy.  The icing on the cake for me is that this special also comes with 4 California Rolls, 2 pieces of Sushi (Salmon & Red Snapper) and 4 Phoenix Rolls all for only $8.95.Yeah, I might be a little frugal.  Winning............
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,8/24/2014,148,88,17,17,12>So I finally gave in to the peer pressure and decided to get my first adult-life piercing (because a simple ear piercing when you're still using diapers and learning basic motor functions doesn't really count).I chose Shaman because of their impeccable Yelp reviews, and 1 week post-piercing, I have no real reason not to add another 5-star review to their already flawless record.As a person who's never really set foot into a true tattoo/piercing parlor, I will say I was a bit disappointed at the lack of grunge, grime and day-drinking happening at Shaman.  The entire establishment was, well, clean.  And nice.  And professional. UGH! After getting over my initial disappointment and realizing I may not get a badass story about the time I got a piercing in my face after all, I went over to the jewelry case and oogled for a bit until I was greeted by my technician. She helped me pick out a ring and explained the difference between the various settings, etc. And then off we went upstairs to stick a needle through my nose! She explained the whole piercing process and discussed post-piercing care, too. I was really impressed at how carefully and thoroughly the sanitation process was. She even wore two pairs of gloves in case one were to break - although, on second thought, isn't that kind of like wearing two condoms? Oh well. Then came the actual piercing. I have a pretty high tolerance for pain, so I wasn't at all concerned about how much it would "hurt," but I appreciate how she treated me with care regardless. She even went so far as to coach me through a breathing process to manage the pain before she actually pierced me. By the way, for anyone who is considering a nose piercing, it didn't hurt at all. Felt kind of like popping a big pimple - not that I have those. ;)Afterwards, she gave me an information pamphlet and offered a free follow-up appointment in 30 days.  Today I am a little over a full week post-piercing and I haven't had any issues - everything seems to be healing just fine. I definitely recommend Shaman. Question: Does having a piercing make me a real Austinite yet, or do I have to get a tattoo, too?
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,8/23/2014,739,709,17,26,22>Moving Day. Two words that can strike dread into the most stalwart, even the most prepared heart.  Even though we'd been gradually moving for a month and all that was left was the furniture (and the few swallows of wine left in the fridge), I went to bed dreading this day and woke up dreading it.  Woke up EARLY that is.  Our movers were to be arriving between 8 and 9 a.m. so we got up at 6 to break down the beds and finalize everything (also to get tacos and donuts and Red Bull cause you just have to have energy for this day).Our guys showed up at 8:45.  Two swell, happy fellas that immediately shook hands and introduced themselves and got to work.  What should have been a stressful exhausting day became almost fun (and exhausting) as they sang along to the old soul music they played and made jokes and laughed and lifted things like glass encased curio cabinets like they were the couch pillows.  And of course it rained.  "That's no problem!" said Albert as they just wrapped everything up and put down cloths to try to keep everything dry and safe.  We gave them Red Bull cause we're smart like that and next thing I knew, all of my stuff was in the new house, in the right spot and reassembled in THREE HOURS time.  No walls marked, nothing scratched or broken (except two of my fingernails but I can hardly blame them for that).  Huey and Albert really made the move a piece of cake, a truly mythical creature.  The downside for them is we will request them to return and help us with Hubby's power tools and his uber heavy table saws.  Sorry guys.  Next time break something :)
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/22/2014,48,151,7,44,14>To maximize your fun at this beautiful natural wonder and minimize the likelihood of frustration, injuries, and other misfortunes, please read my carefully thought-out list of do's and don't's for Krause Springs.Do:-Bring cash.  It costs $7 per person for the day and they only accept cash.  But change is made out of a cash box on the Krause family's porch. -Expect crowds on the weekends.  Further, expect a diverse crowd.  You may see topless women and you may see prison tattoos.  -Swim slowly and with a hand out in front of you.  I banged my knees on some unexpected rocks.-Remember your floats.  They have an air pump near the parking lot to blow up your floats.-Put your head all the way underwater as soon as you get in the pool.  That's the only way to get used to the cool 68 degree water.Don't:-Wear flip flops.  Wear river sandals (i.e. Tevas) or water shoes instead.  You could easily twist/sprain/break an ankle traversing the rocks with flip flops on.-Show up buzzed.  Getting down to the natural pool can be challenging and requires all senses to be sharp.  -Forget your sunscreen.  But there's plenty of shade all around the place.-Expect to snorkel.  The water gets murkier and murkier as more people get in and stir everything up.-Bring glass (duh).  You can bring your food and beverages of choice, as long as there's no glass involved.  There are plenty of picnic tables, or if you're brave like us, you can haul your cooler down to the natural pool.Overall, Krause Springs is a great way to spend a hot Saturday, as long as you prepare.  Otherwise, it could easily turn from adventure to misadventure.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,8/21/2014,315,239,7,14,18>After being on the mailing list for months and salivating over friends' reviews, I finally was able to snag a reservation for a fixed price dinner at SWOOP House. The Cajun/Creole-inspired 5 course menu was a test run for items that will appear on the menu for their soon-to-open new restaurant (Sawyer & Co) at the location of the former Arkie's on Cesar Chavez. On the day of this, our 20th anniversary celebratory dinner, I starved myself all day in preparation for an evening of total gluttony - this will prove to be folly on my part.If you've never been, Supper Friends involves a 3.5 hour multi-course themed dinner served at assigned community seating in 3-4 large tables in a charming restored cottage (SWOOP House) with wood floors, chandeliers, and all things adorably eclectic. Substitutions are not allowed, but celebrating special occasions is. Meeting your dining companions and engaging with new friends are highly encouraged.We scurried through rush hour traffic from North Austin to make it down to the Airport/183 area just in time to arrive for 7p cocktails and passed appetizers. Although the $58/pp advanced fee (which includes 20% gratuity) does not cover adult beverages, the SWOOP folks were so kind as to provide an initial delicious sangria on the house. That drink was exceptionally tasty on a parched empty stomach, imbibed while lounging on the sunny front porch and meeting other diners as they arrived.During the cocktail hour, we made new acquaintances with a traffic engineer, a home & commercial security specialist, and a manager at Spec's - all good friends to have! - over our shared love of good food and adventure. Course -0- (Passed Hors D'Oeuvres)Devilled Eggs with Praline Bacon, Crab Beignets, and Petit MuffalettasThese appetizers were fantastic, each more delicious than the last. The servers were too generous, coming by at least 3 times with recurring offers for each tray. Don't make my mistake and fill up on these tempting starters, or you will be hurting later!  When 8p rolled around, it was time to head inside to find our place cards and start the sit-down meal. This time, we shared the chef's table with a few SWOOP staffers & family members, as well as a charming pair of couples (parents and adult daughter with SIL) celebrating their retired school teacher mom's birthday. We all had some connection to Louisiana and were giddy about the evening's meal.Course -1-Crawfish Etouffee with Homemade CornbreadHeavenly. Rich. Too much good food for an early course in a 5 part meal; this one should be reduced by half. Yep, I foolishly scarfed down every bit of this dish (it was too tasty to waste), so spoiler alert, by the time I reach the main entree I am possibly about to burst.Course -2-Fried Gulf Oyster Salad with Seasonal Greens, Corn Relish & Creamy Jalapeno DressingThe. Best. Salad. Ever.  Also, the best fried oysters I've ever tasted.  These guys know what to do with the succulent little bivalves - they were so very tender, you could hardly tell they were fried except for the delicate crisp coating.  Our table oohed and ahhed so much about these, the chef came by to give us 2 more servings of just the oysters, with extra dressing for dipping. Oh, lord, there is no way I'm gonna make it to the end of this meal.Course -3-Cajun Meatloaf served with Whipped Potatoes & Green BeansOne bite of each item, and I am done. No more food can enter this body. Luckily, take out containers were offered and accepted. The meatloaf was quite tasty, with a coarse but fluffy texture and a flavorful sauce. Unfortunately, the butcher failed to remove all of the unwanted bits from the meat and 3 of the 6 people at the end of our table found bone chips in our servings.Course -4-King Cake Bread PuddingSeriously? How can anyone possibly eat dessert now? Do you people have a 2nd secret stomach that you bring out for emergencies like this? This one went straight into the doggie bag, but it was still delicious ten hours later when I ate it for breakfast, cold from the fridge.Final thoughts: The food, staff, venue, and fellow diners were all lovely. Hospitality was phenomenal, including gratis toasting glasses of bubbly at the end of our meal in acknowledgement of our special occasion. This spot is a bit out of the way for me for a weeknight, but I can see coming back at least once per year for a novel menu.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/20/2014,485,555,16,19,18>I recently lost my dresser in a tragic moving accident; may it rest in peace. But a girl's got to put her clothes somewhere, so I had to wipe the tears and move on. I'm not keen on brand-spanking-new furniture that can bust with a sideways glance, and since new, real wood furniture costs several kidneys, and I only have one to spare, I was looking for a quality vintage piece.Room Service Vintage is great. This place has everything (think SNL Stefon): old, perfect couches where babies have been made; record players in excellent condition that once informed everyone "Oh yes it's ladies night! And the feelin's right!"; groovy art that has hung in the homes of some suspiciously high people; jewelry from deceased heiresses of the Brenham, TX empire.The tag on the blonde all-wood dresser I fell for said "$200 as-is." Pero what? I asked an employee what that was all about and he said "people expect vintage furniture to be perfect. We're just letting you know we're not polishing it or anything; it's just as-is." As-is was magical. Dresser: boughten. Clothes: not homeless. And does this thing ever look amazing in my room. Total score.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/19/2014,1335,96,6,20,16>Best Reuben I've had in Austin, hands down.  It's their signature item.  Can be made with pastrami or corned beef; depending on your preference.  I tried mine with pastrami, and it was terrific.  The rye bread was grilled to a crunchy golden brown; the thousand island dressing was flavorful; the thickly sliced swiss cheese was melted to perfection; the sauerkraut was warm and not too sour; and the meticulously arranged pastrami was peppery and had the soft texture of well-BBQ'd brisket.  I wouldn't change a single thing about this sandwich.  They obviously have mastered this classic deli comfort food, which explains the name of this food trailer and why the Reuben is their top-seller.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/18/2014,941,369,17,24,42>I used to sit on the porch of Halcyon, smoking cigarettes, writing, people watching. I would lose myself in another time, another world.I once wrote the cafe into my novel as the setting where my heroine, very much like me, would sink into a chair and stare out the window and watch; She would ponder why he left, she would mull over what she had done so wrong, she would curse him and curse herself, sipping at her coffee, picking at her panini, wasting time and waiting for something she couldn't put her finger on. It was the place she'd eventually see him walk by after over a year of abandonment, the collar of his gray peacoat covering his neck, his gray woolen scarf wrapped around his chin, his hands shoved into his pockets as he moved through the cold - she recognized him by his gait, fast, like a New  Yorker, by his blue eyes and furrowed brow, his blond hair.  It was the place they'd reunite later over wine and laughs and "I'm sorrys" and promises before parting ways yet again. Woulda been a great story had some jerk not broken into my car and stole my laptop... or if I had backed up my computer to an exterior hard drive. Besides Metro on the drag, Halcyon was my college haunt and a place that inspired great creativity in me. I liked the solace I felt being there. I liked going in on cold, rainy afternoons with my  Moleskin and my laptop and being completely alone while surrounded by people who were quietly also being completely alone. When he left in 2007 to go back to LA, we had been sitting in my apartment that night. I'd just moved in. I had an air mattress in the living room and a TV. We were going to drink wine and watch movies when he said he had to go to his car. He left the front door ajar, just a bit. After a few moments, I walked out to see what was taking him... when I realized that he had simply driven away. He called me crying from El Campo 2 hours later and told me he wouldn't be coming back. He had things to do in LA, he'd made promises. So over the next months I found myself at Halcyon every weekend, filling the alone time, refusing to go home. It's easier to feel sad, I think, when you're around strangers. It's better than feeling alone when you truly are alone. Halcyon was very much like a kind hug to me. And what I was going through was very much what I did write about when I'd sit there, in the ragged easy chair that used to be to the right of the door by the window. And I wrote that I imagined we'd meet there when he came back to Austin. And eventually, that's just what we did. I often wondered if I had written that into reality. ... And, maybe I didn't lose myself in another time, another world. Maybe I'd just lose myself in life as it was. The Tomato Mozzarella panini is my favorite thing on the menu. Their prices are very low and you can kill hours here with plenty of distraction. Their crepes are wonderful, as are the quiche. That combined with knowledgeable baristas and a full bar... It's a wonderful place to simply be. Every time I go back, I feel like I'm walking into my past, into a place that belongs to me.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,8/17/2014,50,123,7,12,8>How have I never heard of this place until now?! Thanks to a great tip from Do512 my buddies and I headed over to try their $7 bottomless flapjacks. It's tucked away in a super sketchy area of E Riverside but is SUPER cool on the inside. Awesome woodsy decor, friendly staff, nice large outdoor seating area. Lots of games on hand if you're hanging out.The flapjack breakfast was great. Comes with bottomless flapjacks, 1 slice of bacon and scrambled eggs for $7. You have to purchase $1 tickets for extra bacon or eggs. Bloody Mary's are $4 in pint glasses with an awesome assembly bar set up. Kick ass!Coffee is cheap and tasty. AND it's 24 hours! We will absolutely be back.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,8/16/2014,62,6,7,11,8>Such a cool little place in south Austin! As a poor college kid, me and my friends are always looking for a solace with great drink specials! I went for the $2 margaritas (the special on Thursdays) and they were great! Also I love that it's an ALL day special, not just a happy hour. The staff is so friendly! Our waitress was such a doll! They've got a bar, places to sit if you want to order food, darts, pool tables and shuffle board tables. So much fun to just go relax! Next time I'm there I want to try the fried cookie dough!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,8/15/2014,232,273,6,15,7>I heart Café Crème's HH! They had $1 fruit or meat kolachies and other $2 pastries. I believe that drinks are also a dollar off which all basically means that you can load down on carbs and caffeine for less than $5! The man who worked there is very friendly and was totally awesome to chat it up with! If coffee is your thing, or if you need to add some more probiotics to your system, they've got a large assortment of kombucha tea to purchase. You can even buy the huge bottle I think instead of a glass serving size. It's locally made and one of the smoother quality ones I have tried. But I don't claim to be a kombucha tea expert. I did however, indulge by treating myself to the honey vanilla latte which I totally loved, but couldn't order it everyday. The café has lots of open seating in the spacious floor setting, plus free WIFI! I think there is hope that this business is actually going to make it and hopefully stay around for a long time on the east side!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,8/14/2014,80,213,18,14,12>I can get things and NOT HAVE TO WEAR REAL PANTS?! Oh my gosh. I love this. This is like your own personal concierge. Need to go run menial errands that you don't have time to do? Well, then. Fire up the Favor app. The best part is the variety of places they'll deliver from and the blank slate for orders. I'm a picky eater. If I want extra mayonnaise, I don't have to find a drop-down or a wonky field for it like I do with a lot of delivery services. I can just write in "ask for enough mayonnaise to clog an elephant's arteries." I can also order from places that I would typically shy away with unless it was a special occasion or I was out with people, like Casino El Camino or Uchiko. Don't want to park downtown? Get downtown nibbles anyway. So much win. Staff is responsive and awesome. They're pretty good about asking for clarification so orders arrive correctly and on time. The lack of an extra per-item upcharge also makes it preferable to the traditional EatOutIn type services. Tip delivery guy, pay the simple fee and done. I call it a concierge, but it's accessible to any ol' d00d with a smartphone. And best of all, I don't have to put on actual...pants. When's the last time you ate Uchiko in norts?
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,8/13/2014,421,256,13,16,12>I've gotta admit, Violet brings a bit more simplicity and intuition to the dinner+movie experience, or 'Dovie' as Mark K has said. First off, brilliant violet neon installation marking the entry. If you know me, this is already one extra star. On top of this, parking is free in the shared AMLI garage for up to four hours as long as you validate, and plenty independent films (Almodóvar, etc). There's a small bar lounge area, allowing you to bring in food/drink to your screening, and there's a fountain machine for refills near the screening hallway and a bussing area to leave finished food/drinks upon leaving your screening. Individual theater rooms are more intimate, chairs are comfy, and after watching That One Audio Scene from 2013's Her, you may feel like you shared a pretty sexy, artsy moment with less than 50 other strangers. Bonus for sexy-art lovers everywhere.But allow me to repeat: free parking is freely validated, for free, once you validate at the cinema, for up to FOUR HOURS. This is enough time to watch a 2-hour movie and:- make eyes with art gallery owners- deny you've met before- confirm brilliant blue eyes- interview for a position- take a dance lesson- participate in brunch- or dinner - meander around downtown- go kayaking on Town Lake- roll down the lush shaded hills of the north shore- walk a dog- jog a loop of x distanceViolet, let's go frolic in the grass.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,8/12/2014,128,270,18,15,15>Instructions to have an epic time at Pinballz:1) You will roll up to this place and think "WTF, where am I?  This place is totally sketch," and contemplate whether you should go in at all because from the outside this place does indeed look totally sketch.2) You will go in anyway because you have a cooler full of Shiner Ruby Red Bird in the trunk and you can't keep yourself from them for another moment longer.3) You will go inside holding your 1 beer per person- leaving the cooler in the car.  1 Beer per person over 21.  Bring your mormon/teetotaler friends to hold your extra beers OR keep running out to your car upon finishing beers.4) Get tokens.  You can buy these with cash OR CARD at the desk area thing.5) PLAY PINBALL AND SUCK BUT HAVE FUN!  You will lose within a minute or 2 of putting in tokens, but it will be okay because it's fun to look at all the cool pinball machines while feeling really hipsterific to be playing a game that's older than you.6) Watch the nerdiest people you've ever seen school your ass at the game of pinball.  Sweet Jesus- these must be regulars.  TEACH ME YOUR WAYS!7) Begin to cry.8) Get over it and run out to your car for another beer.BYOB and tons of old school pinball machines?  Um hell yes.  Pinballz made for a great date night - totally different and yet really fun!  We shall be back!!!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,8/11/2014,4221,482,12,12,11>When my dog Patsy Cline (boxer) found out about Yelp and how we can Yelp reviews about any business or service, she got really excited and did her typical boxer "kidney bean / horseshoe dance" on her tippy toes.  She insisted that we Yelp about Kris @ Fit Pup and express how much she loved the friendly and quality service, she refuses to go with anyone else. So here's what my dog Patsy Cline had to say in her first official Yelp Review about her favorite Petsitter, Kris @ Fit Pup: - Kris doesn't view her time with me (Patsy) as a task or a job or a to-do list, she genuinely treats me like I'm her own pet with lots of love and care.  That make me so happy and feels so good!  - The time we spend together is quality - - never a rush or bunched up with a lot of other pets at the same time.  That way I get ample quality time to play and Kris one-on-one as she's 100% focused on interacting with me.  We play fetch or throw the ball around and even go for walks.  I always come back really pooped.- It's an excellent return on investment, or as my owner puts it, great "bang for the buck".  Kris's prices extremely reasonable and competitive, and I agree that he gets more value for his money.  He said he did some research on prices and she was the lowest in the area - - kewl beans!- Flexibility and responsiveness:  my owner had to call Kris at the last minute to schedule a walk due to changes in his work schedule and Kris was very responsive and fit our walk in the same day - - awesome!  I was so happy to see Kris that day cuz I was about ready to leave a nice present in my cage for my owner - - you know, the kind you gotta clean up.  - They're friendly and sweet:  Like I said, she treats me like I'm her pet, and I've been around to see her with other pets and she treats them all the same, with lots of love and care.  You can tell Kris really loves animals.  - Doublemint Twins:  Oh BTW - you're not drunk or having double vision - there are 2 of them!  Kris and her twin sister! Kris = Best. Petsitter. EVER!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,8/10/2014,100,113,7,14,10>Yum! Kin and Comfort was so engrained on my radar I was apparently chanting it in my sleep the days prior to visiting, talk about a catchy name. Random thoughts on K&C (even their initials are great):*Everything was well seasoned, and they aren't afraid of a little heat or acidity *The flavor and food pairings are very laissez-faire in a good way*Texture is King, my favorite type of place, which brings me to my next point...*Ceremonious frying! I'd say about 75% of their menu involves some frying*However, my super tasty fried chicken thigh could have been fried better, I say that cause I've made a few baddies before*The brussel slaw and taro hush puppies were delicious! *There is a bit of a wait for food, but it's worth it. Can't wait to try the rest of their menu. The way this is currently playing out, it seems like they'll be needing to move up pretty soon, so catch them here while you can!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,8/9/2014,91,305,3,8,8>I was super sad to hear that Cheer Up Charlie's had to move and then not long later I heard that Club Deville was closing it's doors as well. Imagine my pure happiness that the better bar gets to open it's doors in the better space!The granite creates such a cool sound and awesome backdrop for music or just lounging. Definitely a unique space and I'm so excited to see music here in the future. One of coolest things is that Cheer Up's has kombucha (wunder-pilz) on tap and has cocktails based on it. For some reason, this makes me think that the alcohol I'm ingesting is better for me? Sound logic. I had a bourbon drink with lavender and wunder-pilz and ginger and it was super tasty. Too bad I can't remember the name, but it's on the board of specialty drinks. Even tastier was the "Berry Good" - the juice tasted amazingly fresh for a bar. With the addition of Cheer Up Charlie's to Red River, I deem it my new favorite area for bar hopping. Take that east side!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,8/8/2014,145,194,12,14,14>Alison L., Misha S. and Errol M. are all responsible for my boba addiction. The first time I had it in Toronto, I hated it. I had it here, and got Alison's special #1 half sugar, and was like, "hey, this is pretty refreshing. These chewy balls are pretty fun". Then I came to Teapioca and got the Honeydew Cream Tea with boba and it was LOVE. And this shop is so cute, clean, well organized, and the staff is always friendly. So friendly that they've been letting me order my honeydew cream with half sugar, when they don't even add sugar to it. Derp. Finally the last time there, someone there said "Sure, but FYI we don't add the sugar so we don't really do it half sugar." That's service with a smile. I've gotten boba at a few places since first having Teapioca, and this place still has my favorite. I have many more places to try, but given its proximity to my work and its vast and delicious selection of flavors, I know I will be back often, regardless of whether or not I discover another favorite bubble tea place.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/7/2014,185,122,15,9,10>Don't be scared by the name or the size of the that plate full of snow in front you. Its more scared of you, than you are of it. Keep an open mind (and mouth) and order all the flavors. Then proceed to eat.I know the name reminds you of something out of Star Wars or the new Star Trek (snow monsters!) but trust me, this snow monster just has a bad reputation because of how big it is. Its quite the contrary from a monster. Its a sweet cuddly polar bear, that comes in different flavors (get the mango!) like taro, thai tea, strawberry, lychee (pronounced lee-chee) and other tempting once.I can see how this is a monster though. More like how this place creates a monster out of you. A monster that will want to do anything for his next fix for that snow ice.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/6/2014,286,209,19,17,31>Imagine that you are celebrating a certain donkey's birthday - it's getting dark and the celebration is over, but there's always the after party. "We're going to free swim at Barton Springs."Of course you're going - you're a mermaid and you spent all day in the sun. It's about time you returned home. Walk, ride your bike, drive - the mode of transportation doesn't matter, just so long as you arrive. (I prefer to arrive on two wheels instead of four, which is to say that I ride my bike.)There are two ways to get into the water. First, you can dip a toe in and test the temperature; if it feels okay, slowly get in and let your body adjust to the cold. Then there's the second way - you jump! I highly recommend the second way. If you try to go the "let my body adjust" route, you're going to be slowly easing your way in for a while. Better to just jump right in, let it shock your system a little, and then you're good. Once you start swimming, you hardly notice the cold.Swimming at Barton Springs at night after a full day of Eeyore's birthday is quite the experience. At some point, someone will remark, "You know, we are doing what every stoner in Austin wishes they could be doing right now." We were, and so we did, and it was magical. For that brief amount of time, I forgot about all of my troubles and just swam. For the first time in years, my mind was a blank slate, wiped clean of every worry. I've been waiting for the turning point - that moment when the fog of depression seems to be clearing and happiness is on the horizon. I think I found my turning point. It's funny how, while you are in the experience, you think about all of the things that had to align to allow you to be where you are in that moment and you realize that you are exactly where you are supposed to be. I was exactly where I was supposed to be and it's an experience I won't soon forget. Thanks, Barton Springs, for being so enchanting; I couldn't have done it without you.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/5/2014,38,135,10,12,5>I had the tragic luck of finding myself at Ikea on a Saturday afternoon. Though that is where my bad luck ended. We were looking for something good to eat, and I usually avoid Round Rock because for my taste buds there really isn't anything appealing.So as we were searching yelp Greenhouse Craft came up. Lots of stars, good reviews, ok I'll be a big brave dog and try something in Round Rock.  I ordered the Big Pig pork sandwich; the wife ordered the green house special. And just like that I now have a place in Round Rock I like again. The food was really amazing, I had my preconceived notions but there were all gone by the time we left. The portions are the right size they are not grossly large and the prices were inexpensive. I like everything about this place, and since I work in the area sometimes that makes it even more exciting. Thank you Greenhouse.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/4/2014,62,54,4,8,7>My group drove to Asia Cafe and was faced with a ridiculous line. Having not eaten in what seemed like days, we looked around the plaza and found Chen's. I remember reading something good on yelp so I suggested we go in.The place is super cute. It was packed but people eat and go quickly. I love the little wooden plates/menu thing, despite the fact that I couldn't read them. The real menu is much more ghetto looking - reminded me of Asia.To start off, we got the lamb skewers - SO good. Not gonna lie, it was freaking salty but HOLY CRAP can I just eat that for the rest of my life? Also, green onion pancake was the soft not crispy style, which I liked, but it was a bit bland.Then for the entree. I had the lamb noodle, which was delicious. I expected it to be spicy for some reason, but fortunately there's a self-serve for additions like spicy sauce, soy sauce, etc. After adding a huge dollop of the spicy sauce it was perfect. The beef noodle was really good too. It's so easy to make beef noodle soup taste too greasy and heavy or too ... IDK meaty? But this was perfect. Light enough but still tasty. We also got a black bean noodle. I can't tell how you hard it is to find black bean noodle that isn't salty af. Confessions, I'm not the biggest fan of noodles, but I would definitely come back here. I think the fact that everything wasn't too heavy or salty really appeals to me. Also, I need NEED to try the leek pies.TL;DR - come for the noodles, get the lamb skewers.No photos because I'm still being punished for losing my iPhone :(
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,8/3/2014,152,219,4,15,9>Yay, SAP's is open! For those unfamiliar with the general history, Madam Mam's and SAPS have *exactly* the same menu- down to the menu codes and prices. SAP and Mam were married, split, and SAP kept the Madam Mam's location on Westgate and recently opened this one. Its a pretty interior and I hope it makes it...this corner seems to kill businesses.The food at both businesses is great - I would sell my soul for their Tom Kha- but I'll go to SAPS before Madam Mam's on Anderson simply because on most nights of the week, its pretty difficult to get a parking spot near Madam Mam's. Plus, this HEB is the grocery we use, so if I need to run an errand HEB is right there. Both places do one thing that drives me nuts: give you a lot more food in the restaurant than if you take out, at least when it comes to curry. In house curries come in a huge bowl and after I eat my meal, I still always have enough to fill a to go container- the same to go container that I get a to go order in. So takeout is kind of a ripoff.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/2/2014,13,80,7,10,9>Holy lord the Monte Cristo! Just, wow. The sandwich is huge, it's out of this world delicious and to top it off the chef delivers it to your table AND walks you through the whole plate! I felt like I was at a 5 star restaurant, even though I was eating diner fare at a picnic table outside in a pretty empty trailer park. My parents had the turkey sandwich with fried green tomatoes and jalapeno jelly. Also crazy good! I'm such a sandwich person and this place is like a sandwich Mecca. The only thing I wish is that the menu was a little bigger, though honestly I'm not sure I'd stray from the Monte Cristo, like ever.The guy who took my order was delightful. There's funny insults all over the truck and I think he tried to hurl one my way, but when I didn't flinch he was like...you know I'm joking right? That totally made my evening! Great food, great service, just as good as people say if not better!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,8/1/2014,393,621,11,24,18>Holy crap!  I love going to the dentist!  I never thought I'd say this.  Ever.So, let's go with all of the great things about this practice.1) Open late.  Don't use sick/vacation time to get a dentist's exam.2) Dr. Bethell is super laid back.  When I mentioned this was the first dental visit I had without a lecture, he tells me they don't believe in lectures.3) Yelp check-in gets you a whitening session.4) First dental office that truly understands that I have a gag reflex.  Not only are they sensitive to it, they gave me suggestions during the X-Ray process that basically meant I never felt it.5) You can watch anything (well, probably almost anything) on Netflix while they clean your teeth.6) Everyone is nice and truly accommodates you.7) You can do all of your paperwork online before you come.8) No surprises with insurance.  They tell you what's covered -- and what won't be.9) Coat hooks in each exam room.  (Nice not having to find someplace to put your jacket.)10) The hygienists have a gentle touch.  In fact, during my cleaning, several times, they reminded me just to raise my hand or let them know if they hit a sensitive spot.I could probably list 10 more reasons why I love Forest Family Dentistry, but if a Top Ten is good enough for Letterman, it's good enough for me.Give 'em a try.   Really.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/31/2014,283,230,14,25,19>This place blew us away.  Five things.  Brisket, ribs, pan fried cornbread, wasabi slaw, and homemade rolls.  Ok, three more things, their homemade sauces.  Ok, one more thing, historic downtown location with an amazing outdoor patio.I had been following Curly's since their food truck days and was highly anticipating their brick and mortar.  And wow was I rewarded for my dedicated stalking.  The food is absolutely exceptional.  Wear elastic waistbanded pants, order everything I listed above and then private message me after thanking me for leading you to the water.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/30/2014,20,76,35,34,15>THIS. PLACE. IS. AMAZING.All of the reviews are spot on. There is no English here. Upon walking in, a menu was pushed into my face and fingers were pointed. When I got across that I wanted an hour and a half massage for 40 bucks (WHAT?!?!) I was led into an EXTREMELY dark back room. This place isn't private, ya'll. It's not peaceful. I could hear all kinds of awkward things while I was being massaged behind a curtain. I really doubt the cleanliness level. I couldn't see anything and my masseuse just didn't seem to mind that my arm kept caressing her boob on accident.She just... took my bra off without asking. That's cool, I guess. I kind of feel like I would have gotten a happy ending if I was a male.But.. MAN. she massaged EVERYTHING. My arms, legs, back, shoulder.. fingers, head.. everything was so incredibly worked out. She put her fingers in my ears for some reason? Whatever, I rolled with it. This wasn't a wussy "please relax and feel rejuvinated" this was a "I'm going to pound the shit out of your knots until they can't even think about coming back." My legs actually had bruises all up and down them the next day. and I LOVED itt. I sincerely feel that you will not get a more in depth or muscle relaxing massage anywhere else in the area. Now, if you want an experience with good scents and good music and no bugs.... you should probably go somewhere else. Personally? I'll take getting a beating from a woman's hands, knees, and elbows for an hour and a half at Beijing over some perfumed pat down any day (and at less than half the price).
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,7/29/2014,704,840,16,28,23>Continuous full basket of warm chips. Two of us ate possibly 4 baskets. I'm not embarrassed to admit this.Spicy fresh salsa. We were eating it so fast that I think the kitchen had to make more.Giant perfect guacamole. I don't think I've ever had better guac. Creamy and delicious made with fresh avocados, lime and salt. Nothing more. Nothing less.  Wonderful tortilla soup. Well...it had a hunk of corn on the cob in it (how do you eat that daintily, people?) but otherwise the soup was flavorful and truly fantastic. Veggies were perfect and not too mushy.Great service. Okay, over the top great service. The service people (and there were 3 assigned to our little two top table) checked on us numerous times and bordered on a teeny, tiny bit annoying.  Guys next to us discussing beer. Picked up some new tips on beers coming to The Growler room.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,7/28/2014,45,57,6,9,7>Where do i start! Too many good things going on here :)First, I consider myself a pretty knowledgeable vaper - I own a variable watt device, a mod and also coil/rebuild my own atomizers plus know about the laws of electricity (ohms,series,parallel etc)There's a couple of folks I've interacted with here, the sales guy - really knows his eliquids (sorry i forgot everyone's names!). Then two of the managers I believe (maybe even owners, I dont know). These two cats are very, knowledgeable and customer focused. They will show you everything you are interested in and has zero problems spending time to break it down for you. Products they sell: Think whole foods vs walmart :)This is the best place for a new vaper - you want to start off with the best possible eliquids, hardware and SUPPORT! This is also a great place for experienced vapers - they have top of the line mods, VVs and there's even a table where people rebuild stuff (I think). I also heard through the grapevine that advanced vapers who work in other vape stores come here to shop :) Let's go back to the eliquids - TOP NOTCH, best I've ever had period. They don't make them in-house and that is a good thing (ie; people coughing on your juice, dirty hands, whatever...). Instead, they research the best juices in the country and sell them. It's not as cheap as the other stores who make their own but let me tell you from experience: I would rather buy a $12 small bottle of the good stuff and be sure I use all of it, than 2 bottles for the same price that will sit in my shelf for months because I got tired of the flavor. Believe me, I have at least 15 bottles from the other stores just sitting here. I tasted them instore, bought a bottle and it tasted different from what I tasted in the store. It's gotten so bad, I would never buy a bottle bigger than the small one. Thats not the same story here... In my last 2 visits, I've purchase 2 bottles of their big juices because the taste is exactly the same when I take it home.I came in today planning on buying just one juice. Came out with 2 bottles and the Nautilus atomizer. They demo'd it to me and I got one, took it home and it is absolutely fantastisch! Beats my rebuilds and may even be better than my dripper (maybe I dont know how to coil that good yet but anyways..).Tip: if you are a new vaper, try to go during slow hours to make sure you get all the attention you need. Vaping requires a learning curve and these guys can show you everything you need to learn to start out. Only thing I can think of that can be better is to have more flavors available in smaller bottles. I personally like buying 3-4 different flavors and can't commit to just buying big bottles...Oh, and before you give them anything less than 5 stars, call them. I'm sure they will make it right for you. Peace!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,7/27/2014,309,299,5,7,7>So there used to be a Bacon trailer at Craft Pride, it sucked. When I heard it had been replaced by a Via1313 I was immediately excited! I'm no huge pizza fan and what they do here is almost more of a cheese bread type dish. Its very tasty and I would highly recommend it even to people who aren't fond of pizza.As much as I would love to give them five stars they do a have a few issues they need to work out. First off there are drinks on the menu but they don't actually serve drinks. I could care less about this because I like beer and Craft Pride has one of the finest selections in town. That being said it would be pretty simple to print new menu's that don't have things on them you don't actually sell. Nothing is worse than being in line waiting to order a pizza and seeing someone try to understand that the cokes that are on the menu are actually un-available. Even if I do find it completely stupid to try and order a coke at a food trailer in the back of a bar they really should just print new menu's so people don't attempt to order something they don't have. The price is a bit steep. You basically get a small pizza for the price of a large at any other pizza place. I dare say this is probably the most expensive pizza in the whole town. Now do I mind shelling out for the pizza after I've had six beers and have the munchies?.. no I don't. If you however asked me to pay this much for pizza this size while I was sober I would probably laugh and walk away. The thing that makes them a complete winner is that the pizza is so good you can almost ignore the price. The crust is think but cooked very well, when they top it with the cheese it kinda runs down the side of the pizza and makes a crispy cheese crust. The bottom of the crust has the crispness that most deep dish style pizza is missing. The varied selection of toppings is also a plus. I give them credit for the red sauce also its tart and neither too acidic nor too sweet. I have never had a bad pizza from Via1313 and always left wanting more. You should definitely give them a try the next time you are at Craft Pride.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,7/26/2014,120,239,8,11,9>Who says babysitting your best friends baby doesn't have it's perks? I guess my new slogan should be "will babysit for amazing dinners"This is perhaps my new favorite steak spot. Tucked away in a strip mall, I would have never found this place. Starting with the grilled artichokes. Smokey, delicious leaves that leave you wanting more until you reach the center of the heart. Only to realize it was worth the work it took to get the center.I had the crab cake and the filet, with a side of sauteed spinach. The crab cake was incredibly delicious, sweet, fresh and I detected very little filler, if any. I didn't touch much of the sauteed spinach due to personal preference. I hate wilty spinach unless it's smothered with cheese and I can use a chip as my dipping vessel. BUT in all fairness for those who like sauteed spinach it was done properly. The filet was cooked medium rare, the way I asked. Tender, with the right amount of seasoning. I was happy.We finished with 2 desserts. Key Lime Pie which was actually tart tasting and not overly sugary. The graham crust was a great compliment. The chocolate orange pot de creme was also good but the portion was laughable. Served in a mug filled 1/4 up with chocolate then a huge dollop of whipped cream that filled the rest of the cup up. Definitely left us wanting more.I was extremely pleased and look forward to coming back.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,7/25/2014,176,231,9,9,8>House hunting in Austin and where do we start?Hopdoddy for lunch seemed deliciously smartHope you enjoy this reviewIt's my Austin debutAnd I must say the burgers here melted my heart!Went with the "Primetime" and never looked backBrie, truffle aioli, arugula...and maybe some crack?My tastebuds were praisingSo truly amazingThis ain't for the weak, it's quite a big stack!Wasn't impressed by the queso friesI'm more a fan of the thicker cut sizeShake wasn't greatNot tryin' to hateYou'll love the burgers, I promise you guys!Unlike most burger places, it's organized wellTables assigned as you order, no seat-saving hellWaiters so kindWith your needs in mindI can't wait to come back, this place is real swell!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,7/24/2014,65,231,9,16,11>I AM IN LOVE WITH PATRIZI'S. It is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is so cute. They're located in the courtyard of the Vortex/Butterfly Bar. order Italian from their truck and get your drinks from the Butterfly Bar.They use only fresh homemade pasta rolled and cooked to order. Nothing beats fresh and homemade! When my husband and I were there we saw a woman making  ours fresh in the trailer. It is impressive that they produce such high quality delicious Italian out of such a humble trailer! The guys were very friendly and made awesome recommendations too!Definitely get the Cacio E Pepe with the Italian Sweet Sausage or Patrizi's Red Sauce with meatballs. Both were so effing good. The sausage and meatballs were full of blasting flavor!Note that the guys will recommend that you eat the pasta while it's fresh and hot onsite. They discourage taking it to go. Also note that the pasta is served on recycled paper plates and plastic utensils...not fancy but it'll do!They offer a half portion of pasta with a salad....DON'T GET THIS!!! WHY?  Because the pasta is so good that you will want more!!!!As for pricing it is ion the higher end when you think about the fact that it is food out of a trailer. Despite the pricing, I LOVE the pasta and will be coming back here regularly for the high quality deliciousness!YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,7/23/2014,161,122,25,22,15>I wan't to write this review without coming off as racist...which means... I'm about to come off as racist. Also... since we all seem to be obsessed with the list-based writings of the huffington post and buzzfeed... I will write this in the following format:5 things you need to know about Biryani Pot 1. When I go to an Indian restaurant the VERY first thing I check out is "how many white people are in here?". I walked into Biryani Pot and there was ONE table with white people!! Otherwise, every table had people from India!! Good sign so far. 2. What's another important aspect of an Indian restaurant? The name. The name has to suck. It has to be unmarketable.. "Biryani Pot"What the hell is that? That's not even a word people understand. This name sucks... therefore, the food will most likely be awesome.3. Most Indian food is comprised of a sauce and...something else.. A protein, veggies, whatever. Here's the thing: My least favorite thing in the world is to eat chicken m...(can't spell or pronounce it) and know that the dry and hard piece of chicken was cooked three days ago and thrown into the sauce until it was warm. I've had veggie dishes here, chicken dishes and the goat and every single time the meat was moist and delicious and had been freshly cooked. 4. I shazam-ed the songs playing while I was there.... "Lat Lag Gayee" and "Naino Mein Sapna"... I have no idea what those things are but damn they are authentic. Win.5. This would normally be a closing paragraph but apparently no one knows how to read anything that isn't numbered. so... In closing... This place rules. Go. Now.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/22/2014,105,112,10,14,13>Inka Chicken is GLORIOUS for the price. Somewhere I can drive through and get yucca fries, plantains, AND amazing black beans? At last, somewhere my laziness and my foodie-ness can converge!The chicken is spiced well (but not spicy) and all of the food seemed incredibly fresh and hot when we showed up, despite the fact that we came at a really off hour. I really recommend ALL of the sauces. I am a sauce fiend, and I was very happy dipping and mixing things into EVERYTHING. I can't speak to its authenticity, only its flavor and taste. At the end of the day, its still a fast food place (however awesome!) and shouldn't be compared with a sit down restaurant. A great place to try!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,7/21/2014,274,107,5,10,7>Normally I'm not a fan of trendy American Mexican food but this place was fabulous! If your looking for traditional tex mex this is not your place. I also don't suggest bringing kids they do accommodate for children as far as high chairs but they do not have a children's menu. Now onto the foodI started with the Sopa De Tres Chiles which is chicken tortilla soup it was delicious!! I sucked it down it was nice and spicy with big chunks of chicken, tortilla strips, avocado and cheese it was very flavorful and had a great kick. For my main course I had chicken enchilada and a soft taco plate both were very good and came with a side of rice and black beans with sour cream in the middle served in a tortilla cup I'm not a huge fan of black beans but these were irresistible. Food is delicious and they use fresh good quality product. Also the portions are very generous you will leave here stuffed. If you want good quality trendy Mexican this is your place.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,7/20/2014,155,339,2,9,6>This was a great find on a strangely warm November night. It's a lot with a playscape and a big field for kids to run around, lots of tables, and tons of food choices. With all the kids running loose, I would prefer a little gate at the entrance, since the parking lot is busy. Also, if you're going at night, dress your kid in light colored clothing so you can locate him/her. We learned the hard way.We tried Dock n Roll for the first time - delish, got some good battered fries next door, and shared a Coolhause ice cream sandwich. It was a really nice evening out with the family. Great for good weather!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,7/19/2014,177,108,,8,6>This is my first yoga studio.  If they are all this great, then I understand the hype that is taking over.  I was offered a free introductory heated session last weekend.  I happened to sign up for a free 10-day class pass.  I also happened to win it.  This isn't why I'm giving this studio 5 stars, however.  The reason is because the staff is amazing.  They care and you can tell that they take a lot of pride in their craft.  It is a beautiful studio with two types of rooms.  One is heated (Sky Room) and one isn't (Earth Room).  I've done a class in both.  The heated is a bit intense, but it felt like more toxins were finding their way out of my body.  I'll be visiting more and updating this review as I learn more about Yoga in general!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,7/18/2014,87,334,7,8,5>This place is hidden in the corner by Lowes, so I fear for it's continued existence, but dang, it's pretty good!You walk in, get greeted by a friendly face, and get to pick chicken, pork, beef, or portabella fajitas on flour or corn tortillas.  Then you see the price, and what what what? Fajitas for 5 bucks? This is crazypants!  Admittedly, the cheese, guac, and sour cream are an extra buck or two, but they give you enough to share between two people so we dined on fajitas for 13 bucks total.  The chicken itself was flavorful and the onions were cooked to perfection.  The condiments were fresh and while nothing totally special, they rounded out the fajitas perfectly.  The black beans were DELISH, though a tad on the salty side (but mostly fabulous).  The cilantro lime rice was REALLY limey for me, but my husband thought it was amazing, so maybe just not my thing.Cheap prices, good food, friendly people.  Go here to make sure this place stays in business people!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,7/17/2014,235,378,13,11,13>Well this business on South 1st seems new in townBut Alison L. had seen it aroundIt seemed really tight, and I wanted to knowI was feeling pretty artsy and I wanted to goIt's CRAFTy, it's in townI'm crafty, I'm always downI'm crafty, might make a kite,It's CRAFTy and it's just my typeI love to create but hate the messThat's why CRAFT is totally the bestThey straight up told me, "My place, not yours!Let's create some crafts behind closed doors"I got to CRAFT, Elisabeth and Colin saidI could make whatever I wanted, whatever was in my headThey said a little something about glitter and glueThey have lots of supplies, I even saw a shoeIt's CRAFTy, it's here in townI'm crafty, I'm always downI'm crafty, might make a kite,It's CRAFTy and it's just my typeIt's CRAFTyyyy
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,7/16/2014,256,89,3,9,6>This is my go to lunch spot! If the cold weather ever sticks around I would enjoy their soups more often, but for now I enjoy their smoothies! I love getting their pesto provolone grilled cheese with a cup of their tomato basil soup, yumness!The folks running this place are pretty friendly and accommodating. As the saying goes  'you are what you eat' and eating here makes me feel confident about that statement, plus its right around the corner from my office. Win-win
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,7/15/2014,70,122,7,7,6>Pretty sure I was so caught up in the process that I forgot to check in! D:My girlfriend and I were at the Domain anyways and thought we'd go look at rings for funsies... "funsies"Anyways, after initially being extremely intimidated by the brilliance of the diamonds and the lighting that most definitely made the gems sparkle more, we were greeted by Susanne. She was brilliant in helping us window-shop and browse around the store, knowing that we were really just looking. She helped my girlfriend find her size (helpful for me someday) and even helped us look at diamonds.Her knowledge of shapes of stones, settings, and quality of diamonds really showed. As I started asking questions because I didn't know better, she comforted me by letting me know she had a process she was working through to help Meagan find out what she likes. *PHEW!* I let the master go to work.After 45 minutes of browsing, we THINK we know what Meagan likes. Susanne was super helpful, extremely courteous, and very comforting. She made an initially uncomfortable experience so relaxing and enjoyable.I might be back here... some day.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/14/2014,124,115,3,7,6>Smitty's Market in Lockhart is a special place. Y'all should go.On arrival, customers with a hunger for meat line up in the smokey room where the barbecuing magic happens. You buy meat by the pound. We (me +  3 friends) chose  fatty brisket, hot sausages (cold sausages are also available?), jalapeño sausages, and ribs. Bread and crackers are gratis. Once you've got your BBQ sorted, head to the large dining hall next to the smokey room. This is where you get your slaw, beans, pickles, onions, and potato salad, and whole avocados (hoorah!) Small, individual portions are $1 each for dine-in. You can only purchase pints of sides to go. There's also a decent range of Texas beers available.We ate in the dining hall off brown paper  On a Saturday lunch time, the place was full of happy, chatty, families. I was a little bit sad that there were no forks or barbecue sauce, but the meat is flavorful enough without it. I liked that the meat is also fairly lean, and way less greasy than other Texas BBQ. If you're visiting Lockhart from out of town (like we were), stay a while and walk off your lunch. The court house in the town center is a beautiful building, and there are quite a few antique stores around town with checking out.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/13/2014,88,68,4,5,5>I just found my new favorite neighborhood pub! I'm kicking myself for not having visited sooner. Our bartender couldn't have been friendlier and our overall experience was phenomenal. I understand Texas beer has its niche. It's cute. But it was beyond refreshing to see the vast selection of adored craft beers from other breweries. They even have my favorite, Old Rasputin Imperial Stout on Nitro. SCORE!The pretzel. Let's spend a moment to discuss how LIFE-CHANGING the accompanying housemade fontina fondue tasted after rolling a crusty, warm and fluffy soft pretzel into it. Unnaturally delicious. I also tried their spicy Brussels sprouts, which was a total win as was their macaroni and cheese. Soupy, salty, creamy cheese sauce engulfing traditional elbow noodles. I can't wait to visit this place again.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,7/12/2014,317,152,,7,6>LOVE this place.  Plenty of room to sit and stay a while and drink coffee and relax.Their pasteries - WHOA!Also, if you have having an event, they will cater their sweets- I can't wait to have an event in order to use them!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,7/11/2014,154,152,4,6,4>My first time at Pinthouse Pizza will bring me back again. The staff is friendly, the beer selection is broad, I tried an amber lager that was delicious although the name escapes me. We got the basil and pepperoni pizza which was a great flavor. My favorite part of the pizza was not the toppings. it was the crust. This crust was fantastic, a great flavor, thin, crispy but somehow still soft inside. I could eat this crust by itself. I wasnt there for long but did see some video games on the edges of the place that looked cool. My only "complaint" which isnt really one is that i had a meeting and they had trivia going on so it was super loud and very hard to hear anything people were saying. Not their fault, they were just having fun, but keep this in mind if you have to have a serious discussion, this is probably not the place. If you want good beer and pizza, its spot on.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,7/10/2014,180,187,7,10,7>Once upon a time I was scrolling through the Eat 24 App and I found something called the "Git-mo Torta Burger" from Big Daddy's and I vowed that one day I would have it. I totally forgot all about this vow and that idea faded into obscurity.Flash to this past Friday. I had had a busy afternoon already. At that point I had been caught in a hailstorm, shared the "Big Ass Burger" at Roaring Fork with a friend, gone to Soto for drinks and dessert, and was pretty rundown. My friends hadn't eaten and wanted to go to a bar that had food and drinks and we ended up here. Originally I was only going to split the queso with a friend but a closer perusal of the menu revealed the existence of the Git-Mo Torta burger.Now for the people who don't know me, I have a steel trap mind. I usually remember everything about a meeting or a conversation so the fact that I had forgotten about this burger just tells you how long my list of "places to try" really is. Regardless, as soon as I read that name, I knew I had to have it. Yes, I was stuffed beyond belief but it had to be done. I ordered it, added a fried egg, and chose seasoned curly fries for my side. Once it arrived, it was EVERYTHING I had dreamed it would be. The fried egg perfectly complimented the fatty pork belly and the burger was so deliciously greasy and messy that it required utensils at the end. The fries were delicious as well but I was so full from the burger and the Big Daddy's Queso that we ordered for the table that I just couldn't finish them. Speaking of the queso, it's a pretty awesome deal. Not only do you get a bowl of queso but you also get their guacamole, salsa, and chili on the side in smaller separate bowls. It's an ideal appetizer for sharing. Service can be a bit spotty but once the shifts changed our new server was wonderful. She told us about people who had done the Big Daddy's challenge (that's a 3 lb burger and 1 lb of fries or onion rings that has to be finished in 33 minutes). She also made sure our drinks were refilled and tried to come around as often as she could.This place is definitely a solid offering for late night eats. In addition well drinks are ridiculously cheap at $2.25 each. So essentially come here, be stuffed, and get sloshed on cheap liquor. What more could a person ask for? Now my goal is to try as many burgers as possible here.... or you know just do my usual creature of habit thing and repeatedly get the Git-mo Torta Burger.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/9/2014,312,628,7,10,6>Recently gave Chavez a second try.  To sum it all up: great food, a gorgeous interior and a fabulous panoramic view!My Take:    - Smoked Cherry Margarita:  Tasty!  Not too sweet and a nice hint of heat. - Butternut Squash soup:  had an excellent flavor and creamy, but not too creamy. Nice bit of goat cheese and pepitas nesting on the side to mix in. - Tostaditas with lump crab: Excellent!  Loved the flavor combination of the crab mixed with the avocado and mango, and perfect on top of a tortilla chip! - Mango Salad w/jicama and chili: more of a side dish than a salad.  It was a refreshing starter. - Brussels Sprouts: Delicious, cooked perfectly (tender, with crispiness around the edges) and with a nice seasoning.Both desserts we tried were show stoppers (A+): - The Mango dessert: I loved every ingredient: the mango foam (I don't care how trendy it may be), the mango ice sorbet, the slivers of mango fruit, the charred pineapple pieces and the graham cracker "crust". - The chocolate dessert (can't recall the name): It tasted as great as it looked!  The panna cotta was a nice touch to break up all the chocolate.  The malted milk ice cream egg and the malted foam were delightful.Note:  Self parking is validated, but it can be challenging to find a spot during peak times.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,7/8/2014,134,276,1,8,2>With 2014 Fast approaching and the wife and I coming up on 100 Mex/Tex (Call Em what want)  Its time to start a new list..Place we like to come back too...And Casa G is up there..Once again, Alfredo shined...and its been almost 2 years since we had lunch there...The chips were super light and crunchy, yet hold its own in the creamy Queso...Salsa was superb...It was a fun trip for the wife..See 2 years ago, she had graduated from "chicken soft tacos only"..to beef enchilada, but queso only...Not any more...She really enjoyed her lunch..minus the beans..Dont think she will be a fan of those..For me....Enchiladas mexicanas chicken enchiladas with guajillo sauce, fresh white onions, sour cream and queso fresco, rice and refried beans...Tasted as Good as it Looked...That said It Made Our List...and we will be back..:)
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/7/2014,83,113,1,9,6>This is my go-to East Sixth bar that isn't Violet Crown. The bartenders are friendly, the drinks are cheap, and they can make some cocktails in case Lone Star or the cheap beer of the day doesn't strike your fancy. The door guys are usually super-strict about IDs, which bugs some people, but I can understand them not wanting to eat a TABC fine because some lazy drunkard had an expired ID. Parking is... well, it's parking on East Sixth. Go here for a cool crowd that also likes the punkish vibe of the interior, and get ready to hear Clash songs every 15 minutes, which is fine by me. I wish they had a little more seating, since they got rid of some in the main area, but maybe standing is a nice change, depending on how early in the night you go there.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,7/6/2014,227,263,4,7,6>Juanita's Tacos from west 6th with the caboose?! Yeah same wonderful chef/owner. Just in a different location. Red river at E 7th. I've frequented this trailer as many as 6 mornings a week. The prices are cheap, the food delicious and well prepared. Whether you speak English or Spanish you'll be right as rain here. Barbacoa and beans on flour. Chicken fajita, sausage, potato, jalepeno, egg and cheese on corn. Or whatever your stomach desires. Be unique or be ordinary, they will make it for you. Come hungry, leave excited. Juanita is cooking up a taco storm. They're even open late on weekends and holidays, until 3am. Come get your taco fix, fixed.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,7/5/2014,163,277,5,12,8>I've been passing Ross' forEVER, and finally last week decided to pop in and try some lunch. This is one of those kinds of places that you swear they probably used to smoke in back when you could. Not because it stinks, it totally does NOT, and not because its dirty or dank, because it totally is NOT, but because it just LOOKS like that kind of friendly, everyone knows everyone, everyone is a regular and every that works there has been there forever kind of place. Very down home, and absolutely TEXAS Southern Hospitality! (damn I love my state) I was kinda bummed to see how high their prices are, BUT, in their defense, you're getting a dinner sized (Texas sized) portion, so if it was dinner, you'd expect to pay $8-12 for a plate. I wasn't looking to spend $17 on myself and my 3 year olds lunch, but it was all good. They woman at the counter was super friendly, helped me easily understand their ordering, salad bar and what not.. but the guy @ the register. He was fucking hilarious. He just didn't give 2 fucks about who I was, or what I was. He just let whatever he felt, come out of his mouth. I think I heard "fuckin, hell, and shit, more than once".. It tickled me something fierce!! Go head then!! LOL To his defense, he said it quiet enough that no one could hear, but it was still funny that he had NO filter & didn't care. He was very genuine, though. I appreciated his vibe. Lunch.. I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken, mashed tates, and broccoli. IDK what they put on their broccoli, spice wise, but it was damn good! Perfectly steamed, and flavored. Chicken breast was pounded to a perfect thickness (or thin-ness), gravy was great and the tates were DELISH. My son had the corndog and fruit, and there was nothing left! LOL Needless to say he loved his lunch too. I was told that they don't really have a big dinner demand, so Austin GO HAVE DINNER AT ROSS'!! It was worth the money for some good home cookin!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/4/2014,102,70,3,6,5>I surprisingly walked by this place on my way to East Side Showroom.  I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by how beautiful the place was.  Is it a dive bar?  No, I don't think so.  Is it pretentious?  I did not get that vibe.  Wonderland is a place where the poor kids and rich kids can live in harmony with one another.  2 dollar Pearls will be a big draw, as well as the cocktails on draft and the EastSide King food truck trailer.  I definitely see this as my go to spot on the East Side.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/3/2014,184,184,3,9,7>When I heard they softly opened the previous day I immediately knew what my lunch plans would be.  The line was about 30 people deep when I arrived around 1230.  I ordered the Noble Pig and my lunch date got the Duck Reuben.  It took a little while for the food to come out, but someone came out to apologize for their second-day growing pains with a free lemon custard pastry so I'm definitely not complaining.My sandwich was pure, spicy meat.  The bacon was crisp and added crunch to the tender pulled pork and ham.  The only other things on there were condiments and cheese, so if you hate vegetables this sandwich is for you.  My only complaint was that their chips are too heavily peppered for my taste, but my date loved them.Their layout allows for separate counters to order takeout and dine in, which is nice and seemed to help with the mass of people.  There's also plenty of inside and covered outside seating.  I somehow have not made it out to the original location, so I can't compare the two, but I assume the menu is the same.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,7/2/2014,74,107,3,5,4>Very rarely do you enter an establishment, sit down, and then have a waitress ask you're ready to order 1 minute later.  Very few establishments have a signature dish like Juan in a Million does. There are no frills here, just huge breakfast tacos that weigh you down the entire rest of the day. Don't fool yourself into thinking you're Adam Richman and trying to order more than one of the taco grande breakfast tacos. You will be full after one. Order a few extra tortillas to help scoop up the additional food piled on.  I've been here a few times and I've never ordered anything different. The salsa is a bit bland and too spicy for the lack of flavor, but the service is solid and you can come in and eat quickly if there isn't a wait.  Definitely be here early on weekends or come in on a weekday to avoid the guaranteed crowd.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,7/1/2014,255,164,6,10,6>This could be my new favorite near-to-home happy hour joint. I went here at 5pm with a friend and a plan for some Wednesday evening drinking and bar games. It was nice and quiet in the cavernous bar, with the jukebox playing classic rock at just the right volume.   Approaching the bar, I see Jameson Gold shots on special for $2.50.. (!!!) The last time I was in here, a month or so ago, I noticed the draft beer taps held Bud Light, Coors Banquet, and.... Real Ale Devil's Backbone?? Guess what, they still have DB on tap and they don't serve it in bullshit 10 oz glasses just because it's 8.10% ABV! I order two of those tripel ales and a shot of super smooth Jamie Gold. She says "that'll be $11." Friends, that's how we keeps it real on the NW side. Real cheap.We get some darts at the bar, and play a game on one of their 4 boards. Some blowhard's loud talking urged me to get far away and play a game of pool instead. Getting away is easy here because the bar is so big.  I try to get change for the pool table from the waitress, who informs me that POOL IS FREE. Fuck yeah, this night keeps getting better.We play some pool, then shuffleboard (also free), then get a little hungry. I ask if they still have a cafe in the back. Nope, they haven't in about 4 years. Whoops, that's about when I wrote my first review of Shenanigans.BUT, we can order food at the Jardin Corona next door (solid Mexican food), and they will deliver it to you she says. Sweet! I run over, order tacos, and they're brought TO THE POOL TABLE, about 10 minutes later. Drinking, eating, playing pool, and feeding the jukebox. All for about $40, including tips. And they don't allow smoking inside anymore! What's not to like?
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,6/30/2014,461,645,10,32,27>laV was named one of the most anticipated openings of 2014 and they did not disappoint! I was extremely excited for laV's opening ever since attending a Yelp event at their former food trailer Say laV (which may relocate and reopen). Vilma and chef Allison charmed our Yelp group with their exquisite cuisine and extensive knowledge of both food and wine. The owner of laV has ties with several wineries and along with Vilma's accomplishment of Advanced Sommelier it is at no surprise they have one of the most impressive wine lists and handsome wine cellars one could dream of.They built the restaurant from ground up. The renowned architect who built it is out of Atlanta and this was their first restaurant endeavor. The architect is usually involved with residential projects which lends to laV's glamorous yet homey atmosphere.One of my favorite Somms moved from one of my go to North restaurants to join the laV team. I was already excited for their opening and was even more so after several chats with Courtney. We were pleased to be seated in her section not only because we knew we would have exceptional service but she always makes the best recommendations. First course (appetizer):Fluke crudo with citrus, fennel, fried capers and a light dusting of a peppery salt. The pairing of the flavors are truly hard to describe with justice. The thin delicate cuts of fluke was simply amazing with the variety of sliced citrus fruit. I enjoyed this dish with a glass of Cremant de Bourgogne Pinot Noir Rose. Jesse opted for their very strong Bittersweet Goodbye made with rye, Averna and bitters garnished with orange rind.Second course (small plate):Farm egg & mushroom ravioli consomme. The ravioli was super tender and when cut open exposed the gooey yolk adding a level of richness to the dish.Third course (entrees):Wood oven bouillabaisse with tender squid, perfectly cooked clams, a blue prawn and ruoille. The light tomato based sauce paired well with the equally light pinot noir they offer by the glass.Jesse ordered the grilled lamb t-bones. The tender Niman Ranch lamb melted in your mouth and was complimented with the flavors of rich brown butter turnip puree and olive jus. Jesse enjoyed his  entree with a Cabernet Franc.Dessert. Executive pastry chef Janina O'Leary graduated from high school early and has been in the business since about the age of 15. She has worked in several fine dining establishments in NYC. She later made her way back to Texas (she is from San Antonio) and became the executive pastry chef at the W Hotel. She is also a semifinalist of the James Beard award. As much I wanted to order a true pastry the assiette du fromage plate was calling our name. The plate was a well chosen selection of domestic yet European style made cheeses. The accompaniments are house candied nuts, soft bread made in house with nuts and figs, sliced figs and the most succulent honey comb I have tasted. I paired this dish with Vin Sanot, Volpaia dessert wine (almost tasted like a port) and Jesse had the sweeter Beerenauslese, Kracher.This is definitely more of a celebratory restaurant but well worth it. At no surprise Courtney made some wonderful pairing suggestions and truly made our dining experience special. One of the highlights of the night was a tour of the wine cellar from Vilma. Congrats laV on a flawless opening night!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/29/2014,29,63,8,11,8>Haven't had many things from TNS, but the blackened ribeye sandwich may be the single best sandwich I've had from any place. Amazingly deliciously freaking amazing bomb. Yeah the last sentence did not make any sense, but thats what thinking about this sandwich will do to a man...The flavors are just so explosive. In your face seasoning. The quality of the meat is top notch, along with the great bread that keeps this beast intact. That is probably my only complaint about the sandwich. Difficult to eat because of the amount of meat/salad in the sandwich. Better roll your sleeves up and stock up on napkins; it will get messy. But after you devour the bomb ass sandwich, you will not regret getting your hands a little dirty. The fries that come with the sandwich are pretty good as well. Not as crispy as I would like, but still very delicious and a perfect complement to the ribeye. The sandwich is $12 yeah, but I have absolutely no problem paying $12 for a sandwich if its that tasty. You know its full of flavor if you continue to burp up the tastes 4 hours later...
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/28/2014,611,369,6,11,6>I'm a big fan of their space. They put up a huge fence, created a zen garden, strung up light bulbs, and set up several perfectly aligned picnic tables as opposed to the usual "food truck in a parking lot" get up. I talked at length with them about what I should order, and their passion and knowledge about their product definitely shined through. It isn't trailer food cheap, in price nor in quality. It costs a bit more, but you get a bit more in terms of taste and finesse. Also, once you factor in bringing your own bottle of wine (or beer or sake or...) then you have the makings of an incredible night.Don't let the fact that it's not a brick and mortar scare you. This food is fresh, and the well-trained (Nobu and Uchiko, I believe) chefs will give you something mind-blowingly delicious. One complaint: Miso is a bit saltier than others I've tried. By a bit, I mean A LOT. Everything else is more than worth a try.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/27/2014,57,216,4,13,8>As everyone has stated, the service and food here are great.  The guy that helped me was so informative, and really wanted to help me in any way.  I went with the chicken lollypops, the Chicken 65, and the triple shezwan fried rice.  Very, very flavorful!  I think my *only* complaint was that the Chicken 65 was slightly chalky tasting.  The portions are huge, though, and very well prepared.  I was able to make something like 3-4 meals from all of my food.  Yes, eating at a convenience store might take some getting used to for some, (not me - I'm not a snob), but it's worth it.  And if you don't want to eat there, you can always order it to-go and go to one of the parks nearby and have a picnic.  (Which I've done!)
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,6/26/2014,44,75,8,16,14>I was a long-time patron of Lovejoys -- it was August of 1994 that I first walked through its doors, and I was there in August of 2012 when it finally closed -- been there, did that, bought the t-shirts, got the tattoo. 18 years. A lot of familiar faces, a lot of friends over the years. And with the demise of Lovejoys, a community was dispersed.Oh sure, we had the Gypsy Lounge, and Casino el Camino, and St. Roch's, but none of them were Lovejoys, not really. A couple of the same familiar faces to be sure, but we were like shell-shocked refugees going through the motions.So, it was with some excitement and nostalgia that two veteran bartenders of Lovejoys were rumored to be taking over the Frontier Bar. It would NOT be Lovejoys version 2.0 (or 3.0, or 4.0), but c'mon, this was the moment we'd been waiting for for just over a year. A couple of the same bartenders taking over, joining another Lovejoys vet who had worked at Frontier.Okay, so getting to the point, The Lost Well is NOT Lovejoys. However, there are the same familiar tables scored from Lovejoys. There are also 3 Lovejoys bartenders serving you the same Lovejoys drinks. They also have the same types of bands performing on stage 3 nights of the week, and the same well-attended Moto GP on Sundays. And a heckuva lot of familiar faces I've not seen since Lovejoys closed. But, this is NOT Lovejoys. That's NOT their intent, I get it. Lovejoys did not have an ice-filled piss trough, and luckily for us they've kept that over from the Frontier Bar days. They've kept the nice expensive sound system. There's a smoking patio outside if that's your thing. The jukebox ain't exactly the quality that was Lovejoys, but again, this ain't Lovejoys, dig?The folks at The Lost Well didn't have a lot of time to fix up things, so for now there's a temporary vinyl sign outside, and a few things will be changed as time allows -- new paint, a new sign, a cooler that will augment the typical diver beer taps with "better" beer selections for folks that got used to such things at Lovejoys, maybe an expansion of the taps in time (a boy can dream)....Seriously though, this is NOT Lovejoys, and they're not recreating it on the far east side. I have no clue if they're going to be doing house beer (doesn't look like there's the space for it), but there are a plethora of craft beer bars for that close by anyway. Lovejoys was special -- it was a time and a place, and a real sense of loss when Lovejoys closed -- Lovejoys fostered a community, and there is a palpable excitement that The Lost Well may be picking up where Lovejoys left off.So, if you like dive bars that remind you of Lovejoys or Frontier Bar, you'll like The Lost Well, which happens to have Lovejoys veterans behind the bar, and Lovejoys chairs and tables scattered throughout the place. Biggest plus is that it's not downtown, so parking is sweet and you don't have the frat or hipster elements, and they still have the extended happy hour from 4-9pm.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/25/2014,61,50,6,6,8>i came here during SXSW when the place was packed to the brim with Austinites and tourists alike.  The top floor is open for take out orders for those of you on the go and when you descend the steps to the lower level, the fun begins.  There's a modest indoor seating area with picnic style tables where you can stay out of unforgiving Austin sun and a lovely outdoor area.  We managed to find some seating in the outdoor area, complete with ping pong tables and nice views.  It looked beautiful on the water with all the lights they put up and there's tent cover if it rains.  It was perfect weather for cold beers and a ping pong tourney.Even in the large space Easy Tiger occupies, there were so many people that I thought we'd never get our food and drinks.  Luckily, I was proved wrong by their attentive staff.  The food was not only brought out promptly but delicious!  I ordered the classic bratwurst on a pretzel bun for myself and my companion ordered the duck and fennel on a pretzel bun.  I insisted on sharing and they were fantastic, though I did prefer the classic bratwurst.  There's a long beer list with a lot on draft and I must say, we spent a lot less than we thought we would on our meal and drinks.  All in all, great experience.  I'm definitely a fan and will be coming here again to try out the rest of their menu.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/24/2014,564,466,7,13,11>More people need to find out about this small craft brew establishment located in Hudson Bend near Lake Travis just off of 620! What a gem! Great owners, great beers (can you say "Peanut Butter Stout?), good group of folks to hang out with...occasionally have live music and/or food. Always comp popcorn. Nice prices for high quality beers. Buy your own glass and you get a couple extra ounces per pour. The flights are a great place to start. Find your favorite, order a full. And be prepared to stay a while. On our first visit we were just going to "stop by"...ended up staying about 2 hours after they closed and hanging with the owners and their friends! Beware: you might get sucked in too by all the flowing beer and great conversation! A really good time!  Infamous now has tastings and tours on Saturdays and Sundays from 1-5pm. Be sure to check their website or follow them on Twitter for special events and seasonal brew announcements.    infamousbrewing.com/inde@InfamousBrewing
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,6/23/2014,113,191,3,8,4>I crave this burger joint every now and then. Luckily they are open until 3am weekdays. I really like their Cheeseburgers; there's something about the beef patty that's addicting. Their milkshakes are worth a try as well. I got the Strawberry Milkshake one time which was good but got a little sweet towards the end.I encourage everyone to visit Players before it closes. This UT iconic burger joint has been good to us.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,6/22/2014,123,143,4,8,7>Welcome to round rock in-n-out!This has been my second visit, but not my last!The half and half milkshakes are to die for, I was told to get the Neapolitan milkshake next time.As for burgers, I got the double double animal style, so freaking juicy and dripping with delicious "spread" aka: fancy thousand island.The animal style fries were good, but the actual fries were a bit bland.The sweet tea here is super yummy, texans will enjoy it. As many of you know, here in the lone star state we take that shit super serious. Over all, great staff, great burgers, great atmosphere.Loving this place so much.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/21/2014,500,199,4,8,6>Dim Sum ALL WEEK LONG!Sure they don't pull out the carts unless it's brunch time on Sunday, but it's orderable there all week... and just as good as any other spot in town... To make it better, it's the cheapest place to get dim sum in town... hands down.  For 2 people, the most I've spent there has been roughly $25... and for 3-4 people, I've never cracked $40.  You just can't beat the prices for what you get there.The down side of T & S is the locale... they aren't trying to be fancy there... they're there to do a job... and that job is make great dim sum. I've basically been around the block on the dim sum menu at T & S as I have at other places in Austin and this is really no different... other than costing less...The service here is always great and prompt...you really can't go wrong.I've actually now made this a regular stop of mine on the weekends.  I love it, and I think you will too.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,6/20/2014,149,145,3,14,9>I have always adored this place since day I discovering it. I don't normally post much about it frankly because I am so busy talking to the staff, enjoying my coffee and taking photos of my perfect cup that I always forget to. I promise I am going to be better about this. Okay so this great place sells and serves quality coffee, yummy baked goods and frozen yogurt. To be honest I am never tasted the frozen yogurt but I have seen many a man woman and child sit down and enjoy it.What I have tasted is the coffee perfectly brewed served to me normally in a teddy bear coffee cup. Click the photos I am sure I have posted more then a couple photos of my coffee. When having a great cup I find that I take the time to sit and enjoy it rather then get it to go and run out the door. They offer soy milk options and some sugar free syrups. So you will have a chance to tailor your perfect cup to your exact specification. They have a few tables and some comfy chairs near the door. I assume there is wifi since most coffee places have it and I have noticed people there with computers. To be honest I have yet to use it. The staff is super friendly and even will remember what you ordered the last time you visited. It is hard not to notice the  pride of ownership of this business. The restaurant is always clean, customers are always greeted warmly and the product that they serve is delicious.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/19/2014,129,170,14,13,13>Dan!  You old has-been, you! How you been?  It's been ages, man.  You really went all out and got yourself gussied up! Gurl, you look GOOD!  You have got to give me the name of your plastic surgeon.Such a great makeover of an old run down, wood paneled, grease encrusted place that made some great breakfasts and pretty decent fast food burgers.  Now it's bright, clean, retro chic with the same great food and prices.  I am seriously addicted to the bacon, egg, potato breakfast tacos.  There is nothing better than crispy diner hash browns, chunks of salty, smokey bacon and scrambled eggs mushed all up in a flour tortilla.  Welcome back, Dan's!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,6/18/2014,74,79,12,14,12>The name alone is enough to make me shop here. Whoever came up with that name is a genius and should be consulted on how to bring about peace on earth. This is THE place to get art supplies. If Michelangelo were alive he'd shop here.  We have a young artist in the family and for Christmas she had a list of art supplies she needed. She was specific about some things but vague on others. We are ignorant of art supply stuff, but Yelp pointed us to the right spot.  We went to Jerry's Artarama and were immediately helped by the very knowledgeable and friendly Kristin (?), who looked at our list and knew from the specific items exactly what the vague items were.  We filled the entire list and walked out in 20 minutes happy as two really happy clams (many clams experience seasonally related sadness at this time of year so I feel it's important to specify which type of clams we were). They have an extensive inventory of paints, brushes, etc, and they carry all size canvases from tiny to freaking huge.  And the prices were great! Our budding artist, like most budding artists, is perennially broke so we will be shopping here again for her birthday, Christmas, Easter, Fourth of July and Arbor Day gifts. And because I really like saying 'let's go to Jerry's Artarama'. Seriously, try it when you're having a bad day. It's a straight up mood elevator!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/17/2014,699,1000,14,21,17>I'm sure you've heard how cool C-Boys is.  I'm sure you've heard how it is 'retro' soul and blues themed.  I'm sure you've heard about the blood, sweat, and tears that they had to put into transforming the old dive Trophy's into something this 'swell' (to use a 1940s term, in keeping with the spirit of C-Boys.  I know this term because of extensive reading of Hardy Boys books from childhood).  I'm sure you've heard that they play Frank Sinatra movies in a loop on the TV's, and that the 2nd upstairs bar is modeled after the old Asian themed GI Bars from World War II.   I'm sure you've heard how the owner of C-Boys also owns the legendary Continental Club right down the street.  Now here comes the Biggest Question Of All:  How Do I Get Inside??  If you park in their parking lot that is next to the building you will see a long, tall, inviting staircase.  Don't bother climbing those stairs.  That door is locked.  You will later find out that it doesn't exit either as the room where the door is located holds an ice maker machine behind some wooden tiki-esque beads.  Just file that exit away in the "In Case Of Fire" part of your brain.If you come to the front of the building with the big, red awning you will see the (presumably) front door with the mesmerizing white designs on them and no handle.  (Unless you're a genius) You will pause in confusion.  I saw many people do this.  One person I know (Lauren B) used their entire body to thrust against the door, grabbing and snatching what they could in the process to get it open.  I wasn't as fortunate as I arrived later, and nearly froze to death trying to figure out the secret and if this was really a front door at all or some sort of current 'Austin' bar trend where the front doors are Not As They Seem??  (Texting Kelly S only resulted in my near death as her phone was tucked away in her purse, just an FYI for those in need in future situations).  In reality there is a small slot for your hand buried in the design if you are lucky enough to find it.  Also, handily, there is also a door man checking ID's right inside so just knock if you can't figure it out and he will open the door for you (something he was having to do frequently for all the confused people the night we came).To get to the 2nd "GI" Bar upstairs you take the exit door that goes outside when you first come inside (ha, ha!).  If you didn't know about this upstairs bar you would never think to do this.  Before heading upstairs pause to take in the massive outdoor patio with the New Orleans themed food truck.  Nice!If I had to pick I would say that the upstairs bar is my favorite.  This is mainly because it is quiet, as the night I came the downstairs bar was playing old soul 1940s and 50s music on vinyl specifically for the generation that made the music that happens to still be alive right now, meaning they were playing this at a decibel level of about, oh, 150dB which is the level that an old World War II fighter jet takes off at.  We literally had to scream to hear each other talk only inches away.  Yikes.  That's my only real strike against the place though.C-Boys will have live (soul) music only on the weekends (to avoid competition with the owner's other bar The Continental Club).  C-Boys is named after a legendary BBQ man and Austin booking agent named "C-Boy" who was good friends with Clifford Antone (look for a lot of memorabilia scattered around about him).  All in all this bar is really the Cat's Meow.  Here's looking at you, kid.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,6/16/2014,113,72,4,11,8>What makes for a 5 star food review?  For me, it has to deliver exactly what my soul craves - I know the real deal after just one bite of that type of food.  I loved this place. It isn't fancy, but it's not trying to be, it is food you can eat every day, at great prices. It's located in a little shopping area right by parmer and 35.  you walk in, walk up to the front to order, then pick a table and seat yourself.  the chai is hot and simple, not sweetened. We ordered, took a number and they kept our tab open in case we wanted more.  The food was quick, hot and fresh!We ordered:two chai teasmango lassi - perfect, my toddler drank it so quick, we didn't get more than a sip. Papdi Chaat - $5.50chick peas, potatoes, fresh herbs and spices topped with yogurt and a mint chutney on a bed of "crispies".  this dish spoke to me, it was just perfect.  the cold yogurt all mixed up with the the savory cilantro and onions, crispy little fried chips and mint chutney.  it was like an indian frito pie.  I could eat it every day for a week, no joke.  I ate here on a Sunday night and was SAD when i left that I couldn't come back for lunch the next day, because they are closed on Mondays. It was comfort food, to the nth degree.  Masala Dosa $6.99 - a fine crepe made with rice batter filled with seasoned potatoes, served with a lentil soup and yogurt dipping sauce.  we all dug in, my toddler loved the crepe and my bf and i loved it all.  everything here is vegetarian and I know I will be back, over and over again.  There is so much more on the menu that I can't wait to try!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/15/2014,42,115,4,13,6>The finest place south of the river for sugary delights, and they offer deals on PayPal?  My dream come true.Cupcakes are awesome.  I'm not even a cupcake guy particularly, but they have mastered the art.  Sugary and creamy frosting, light cake underneath.  Yum!  My particular favorite though, is the mint bar.  It's like a fudge bar, but with a layer of strong mint frosting in the middle.  Amazing.  Every time I drive past this place I have to get a couple.Now it's is 3 bucks for just about any item in the store, which may or may not be cheap to you.  If you've been dining in the South Congress area and are looking for a dessert spot, then it's pretty cheap.  Take advantage of their cute dining room where you can eat your goodies.CHEAPSKATE TIP:Also, fyi, if you come early enough in the day, they often have a box of "day old" cupcakes that are on-sale $15/dozen.  Throw 'em in the freezer when you get home, and defrost as needed.  Foolproof and awesome.CHEAPSKATE TIP #2:Download the PayPal App on your phone.  Currently they are offering $9 in free goodies here if you just pay on PayPal.  F-R-E-E!!!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/14/2014,59,121,5,8,6>Fast Park and Relax has mastered airport parking. It doesn't get better than this.Fast Park makes parking for a trip totally a breeze. They are focused on business travelers, but anyone who wants cheap parking can use it. They keep refrigerated bottled water to give to you upon exit, but attendants will give one to you when you enter if you ask.Once you're parked, shuttle pickup is extremely fast and always polite. The driver will give you a business card which has your parking spot written on it. Keep this so you can hand it to the shuttle driver upon your return.If you can get a membership card, you can get even better daily rates, but you have to actually have your card on hand to start earning rewards. But typically it's a good discount which drops the price by more than a dollar per day. When returning home at odd hours, it's wonderful to come back to the brightly lit, secure area at Fast Park and Relax.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,6/13/2014,64,136,13,12,9>TNG - The New Guy @ work comes over and makes the following offer....."going to lunch - want nething?""Where?""Little Deli"I google the menu and "settle" for a reuben....I shoulda settled for 2. To quote Florida Evans.... "Dam Dam Dam!"I grew up eating Attman's Authentic in Bawlamer... and thought that was better than heaven.... till this - How good you say? TNG brought it back and put it in the FREEZER @ work (cuz hes TNG) and it still rocked the Casbah!TNG - is a keepa! and so is Little Deli and Pizzeria
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/12/2014,158,117,11,16,15>Went over to Black Star Co-op with my workmates on a Tuesday night. Very casual atmosphere and there weren't too many people that night. Having never been, I asked for recommendations. The bartender said I should try their Rebellious Dockhand, a Sour Raspberry Porter. Yeah, I'm officially a sour beer lover. It works on many levels, was tart, and the fruit was very pronounced. I personally like dark, malty beers so I asked for another rec. He said to try the Firestone Walker Velvet Merlin. This oatmeal stout was wonderfully creamy and more to my liking.I can't drink without having something to munch on, so I had their fish and chips. The chips are fan-f*$%in-tastic! Black Star uses a wonderful garlic aioli that forced me to order a second helping. The fish wasn't as good. The batter is light and crispy, and the fish is hot and flaky, but I didn't get much in terms of flavor. Biting in is great, but once I was chewing, there was nothing else. I saw their Mac n cheese topped with bacon and will probably try that when I go back.Overall, an excellent choice for microbrews and good eats.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/11/2014,253,336,13,15,16>Without question, the best barbecue in Austin is Aaron Franklin's brick and mortar restaurant in East Austin, Franklin Barbecue.Aaron Franklin appeared on the Central Texas scene as a relative unknown, and within a few years, turned his small trailer into the single most popular and well-regarded barbecue join in Texas.  And that's no small feat - us Texans are SERIOUS about our barbecue.They moved from the trailer to a brick-and-mortar location in 2011. Bon Appétit restaurant editor Andrew Knowlton named Franklin the best barbecue spot in the country that same year.[insert picture of the (massive) line]This is the line.  This is the line, EVERY SINGLE DAY.  Tuesday through Sunday (they're closed on Monday).  You want lunch?  Better line up by 9am, because it's a three hour wait.  And yes, I'm serious.  Yes, it's that good.  You will not regret waiting in line (especially since you can BYOB - it's something of a tailgate atmosphere most days, with kids throwing frisbees and lawn chairs with coolers of beer).[insert picture of their food]Yeah, that's pretty amazing.  The masterpiece really is the brisket - and please don't ruin it with sauce.  I admit that the sauce is ALSO amazing, but the brisket really, really doesn't need it.  Franklin's unique bark (that's what you call the crispy outer layer of a brisket) drives home the point - a crumbling, tender, flavorful piece of beef that stands on its own.  An incredible umami is created by the contradiction of textures and flavors when you consume the bark and the incredibly juicy and tender beef at the same time.His secret?  A salt and pepper rub and cooking low and slow on smoker powered by Texas oak.  That's it.  No magic additives.  No special sauces, no crazy spices, just Texas barbecue done so well, it might be the best it can be done.I know that I actually wrote a more eloquent review of La Barbecue.  I know I did.  But that's because Aaron Franklin is a god among men.  Honestly, I have never, ever, ever had better brisket in my life, and I've been in Texas all but eight of my 35 years of life, and avid barbecue connoisseur for all of them.  There aren't any fancy words, twists of phrase, or contraptions of conversation that can explain the dangerous delight, the orgasmic umami, the utterly life-changing brisket crafted here.Zagat lists Franklin Barbecue: their food earns 28 out of 30 possible pointsYou can see how Aaron makes his food - and get taught how to make brisket, pulled pork, and other Texas favorites - on his YouTube channel BBQwithFranklin!You can watch Anthony Bourdain - of No Reservations fame - sing the praises of Franklin's talent, click check it out - No Reservations | Austin's Franklin Barbecue.So yes, you can say it.  I'm a fanboy.  The food is amazing.  Avoid the sausage, but live up those damn ribs, and SWIM in the brisket.  Because this is it - it simply doesn't get any better.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,6/10/2014,436,460,13,22,19>One of my biggest complaints about people who sell elotes (here in the states)  is that they use sweet yellow corn or canned corn. The real Mexican corn uses a white, chewier corn. This is it. This is the place to get your authentic Mexican corn in a cup . It comes with butter, queso fresco, crema, mayonnaise, and of course chile.  If you prefer no mayo and more chile, no problem! He will make it the way you like it.  A small one (8oz) cost me $3.25. Mine had a little too much water in it so make sure to tell him to drain it well. The place is located in a tiny spot right by the tracks by Webberville and E. 7th. I don't think I can call it a shopping center, so you can easily miss it. There isn't a lot of signage and the only thing that caught my eye was the name "Hay Elotes!" (Meaning there is corn here, or We have corn).  They have a few benches outside in their little patio area. Corn isn't the only thing they have here. They also have chamoyadas and mangonadas, ice cream, Aguas Frescas and other delicious snacky snacks. I don't remember seeing any seating inside so you might have to take your corn to-go like I did. CORN!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/9/2014,398,533,26,17,17>I can show you the world: Organic, natural, cage-freeI can open your eyes: Take you burger by burgerOver, sideways and under: On a flying carpet rideA whole food truck, a dazzling place I never knewBut when eating here, it's crystal clear, that now I'm in a whole new world with youUnbelievable beefIndescribable eggplantSoaring, tumbling, freewheelingThrough an endless Moroccan highA whole new world, a hundred thousand things to eatI'm like a french fry, I've come so highI can't go back, to where I used to beA thrilling place...A wondrous place...For you and me.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,6/8/2014,238,365,11,8,6>I eat here at least once a week. I eat here so often the staff knows my order by heart.I eat here so often the staff starts prepping my order before I even place it. I eat here so much that I teared up when my favorite sandwich maker quit. I eat here more than I care to admit.It's because I love their sandwiches. They're simple, but they are done very well. The ingredients are fresh, and their sourdough bread is wonderful. It's also because their cupcakes are freaking good. Like better than 99% of the other cupcake places around town. Their cupcakes are richer and denser than most, and they have good frosting. Food! Food! makes my favorite cupcakes in town!And my favorite sandwich!And they have exclamation marks in their name!I love exclamation marks!And Food! Food!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,6/7/2014,325,414,7,16,13>If you want a place with matching plates and matching chairs, this is not your place.If you want unique foods and drinks, this is your place.Now, I have to tell you, I went (thanks, friends/family of The People!) during the soft opening. We didn't get to choose a menu, but they just brought us all kinds of amazing foods. Nothing was a disappointment. At all.My friend and I both started with the Hello Lady drink (it has bubbles and flavors and it's a good [sweet] start to the  meal). Her beau had beer. After the foods started, we shared a bottle of amazing Barolo wine. He had a few glasses, but ended the night with a chocolate stout.Our favorite was the chicken fried chicken egg. Or maybe the chicken and stuffing with brown buttered apple (sadly, probably seasonal). Or maybe the charred broccoli and scrambled eggs. Or maybe the best was the quail. I can't really even tell you. I can tell you different tables had different menus so if you were to ask a party of 2 or 4, they would have had different foods from us. But, good god, was it good!We ended with carrot panna cotta with coconut milk and also a sticky toffee pudding. I enjoyed both and just as I thought I didn't like carrots as desserts, or coconut, I enjoyed my third thoroughly. And the sticky toffee pudding with gaot's cheese was delish. Okay, fine and a Coffee Draaaank--it's coffee. With a delicious kick and orange rinds on top of whipped cream.The service, much like its big brother, is impeccable. Bryce came out for one of the servings to give us a little hello (and shaved smoked fish--who knew?!). All the servers were wonderful and attentive and willing to answer any and all of our myriad of questions. I'm so lucky to have been able to be there. I really can't wait to go back when it opens for real. I told one of the servers that I was nervous about having to actually have to make decisions and he suggested just telling the server that you'd like to try X amount of dishes and let them pick. I think I'd be on board for that!There were several 4-tops, a fairly large bar-sitting area and about 20 seats of "communal seating." When it opens for real, you have GOT to go. Get there. NOW!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,6/6/2014,147,191,4,11,8>Great hangout at any time of the day--I always enjoy my time here. I've never met anyone that works there that wasn't friendly, and have always felt welcome. These guys are also great with hosting events, and I've have never had to wait excessively long for coffee or beer, even at an event. Events for the community include a small beer festival of special taps, collab sales with local businesses on any given day, sponsoring traveling events like Blogshop, and the frequent keep-the-pint nights or special tappings.As if the beer list wasn't enough to gawk at for you fellow data nerds, they've got Flat Track Coffee and espresso, tall tables as well as regular ones to share with friends, plenty of modern lighting, a bar counter for solo loitering, plenty of bathrooms in the attached building for their wide range of diuretics, a fantastic patio that catches the light pretty well (I mean, I guess it's ok) and they threw in a garage door for personality. Bicycle riders have two racks in front and a patio for "security."Definitely worth a visit if you're in town!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,6/5/2014,25,61,23,11,7>Here are my hair records, pulled from historical logs: Age 1: CRANIALLY ASSAULTED BY A GANG OF COWS, RESULTING IN 5 COW LICKS.Age 2-3: CUTE AS HELL.Ages 4-26: TURMOIL, ANGST, EMBARRASSING FORAY WITH FLAT IRON, HILARIOUS PROM PHOTOS. Age 27: CURE UNEARTHED: METHOD.HAIR. This place is the real deal. Chelsea, Kristin, the lovely goddesses that help shampoo, and the admin ladies are all I know. They're all I need.Don't come here if you already have beautiful hair. I can't afford to fork out any more mula to trim this mess.This is my last bastian!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,6/4/2014,343,110,5,5,5>Yes Yes & Yes. All around this place rocks and now I understand why it is crazy packed all the time! Hit it up when you can, you won't be let down.Service & Staff - Awesome! The girl at the register handled that line like a seasoned pro. I had never been there before and she gave me a couple suggestions after she asked me what I like. I was honestly blown away with her speed and attention to the customer. The bartender was very helpful as well. She gave us some background info on Torchy's and talked about what was on TV with us. We weren't drinking but she was great. Food - YUM - Tuna Taco (can't remember the name) VERY FRESH! Flash grilled with fresh slaw and avocado. I would have eaten three if they would have brought them. I am a fish snob and I was over joyed with it.     -  Jerk Chicken Taco (again, sorry I didn't remember the name) Perfectly spicy. I don't like to breath fire when I am eating something, but with the fresh mango and sauce it was a perfect balance. The chicken is spicy...don't get me wrong, but great flavor and tender.    -The tuna taco came with 2 corn tortillas. I used the second tortilla to wrap up all the goodies together that fell out of ht over stuffed tacos. It was like a third taco of awesomeness for free! Next time I need to try this fried alvacado thing everyone is raving about. The decor screams food truck, I knew right away they started as a food truck before a brick and mortar without even knowing anything about them. Very cool hangout spot! Go and Get It!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/3/2014,289,450,12,11,13>Holy beJesus, I just went here for the first time and I feel guilty.  Why?  This was one of the best burgers I've had in a really long time.  On a suggestion from my dinner date, I had the 787804 (pickled jalapenos, chipotle mayo, Monterey Jack cheese, grilled onions and avocado on a jalapeno cheese bun).  The first bite was one of the best moments of my day.  I also love that they give you mixed sweet potato and regular fries!  Beer!  They have beer!  The only downsides that I could point out are the following; A. Children.  EVERYWHERE.  Being a single guy sans children, this place is like an Oasis for parents in Austin.  I was one of very few people without them and it was just downright weird.  B.  They only have single toilet restrooms.  This proved to be really annoying waiting 5 minutes to only wash my hands when my food came out.  Are these valid reasons to not go there?  Of course not!  I can't wait to try another one of their delicious burgers!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/2/2014,24,64,3,10,3>Zack Johnson of Johnson Automotive is one of those very rare finds: an honest mechanic who does what he promises on time and on budget.  Zack has been working on my various cars for years.  From Miatas to old muscle cars to trucks he has always *always* kept me on the road. He just moved to a new location on Industrial Blvd so he's even easier to find.  He did my turbo Miata's timing belt and hoses etc recently and I got to watch him do a little of the work.  He is meticulous and careful and keeps things neat and tidy.  He finished on time and my car ran better than new!  If you believe in keeping your business local and letting local folks treat you right then I totally recommend Johnson Automotive.  He'll take great care of your car and you'll know that you were treated right.  Bonus: Zack is a HUGE car guy.  He is currently building a '67 Camaro with like, a bazillion horsepower (something in the neighborhood of 1000 hp - you read that right- 1000) and you can see what fantastic work he does.  He knows imports and domestics alike.  So go already!  :)
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,6/1/2014,148,88,4,10,6>I don't say this lightly, but the service here is without a doubt the friendliest, funniest, most caring service I have ever received at an Austin establishment. Every time I eat here, I leave in a much better mood than when I came because their staff is so incredibly great and genuinely nice. Additionally, I think they've comped an item for me every single time I've come in, too, be it a soda or a soup, and once even an entire roll! Foodwise, their menu is really thoughtfully crafted. There must be a science to menu options, and it seems like WuWu has perfectly struck the balance between enough choices to feel like you've got some gastronomic liberty, yet not so many you feel overwhelmed or frustrated.I appreciate that many of their sushi rolls utilize under-appreciated ingredients like eel, torched escolar and tropical fruit. Speaking of fruit, they've got a great roll that uses strawberry and banana on top, and is great to finish with. The sushi chef gave this roll to my hubby and I for free after we saw it on the menu and asked if it was tasty.  It was. I've yet to have a roll I didn't enjoy, and I feel like the quality is fantastic for the price. Location is great, too - right on East 7th.  There's not a lot of great, reasonably priced sushi places in this town, but WuWu is one of them. Try it out.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/31/2014,130,201,5,7,7>Waterloo Records has earned its ranking on the lists of multiple sources as one of the best independent record stores in America. After 30 years, they continue to adapt to the trends without  losing their soul. If you've settled for just downloading what's popular, you're probably missing out on a lot that's new and maybe more interesting.Waterloo houses a full array of CDs (new and used) and LPs from multiple genres and labels, both commercial and independent, and is a great source for local and international music. If you're into LPs, FYI the entire back room has been devoted to them. Wish I still had a turntable. Lately, they've set up listening stations throughout with staff recommendations, so you can sample before you buy. The employees are like music librarians, with vast reserves of knowledge and helpful attitudes. One of the aspects of Waterloo that I most appreciate is their support of local and up-and-coming independent artists. They regularly host artists for CD releases, signings, and live performances. They take their show on the road with a tent at ACL Fest. During SXSW, the Waterloo Stage (in their parking lot) can give you a free sample of a full range of indie bands, with an in-store signing afterward. My teens and their friends were excited to spend most of their time and discretionary budget there this year. If you're visiting from out of town or heading out and want to bring along something quintessentially Austin, they also stock a lot of cute kitschy items. And if you want to clean our your collection of LPs and CDs and go digital, or maybe just make room for more, they also buy your used ones. Personally, I can spend hours here and never leave without a handful of used CDs and a few new ones. It's more fun than buying shoes.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,5/30/2014,265,276,11,13,10>Thanks to Yelp, no wait, THANKS TO ERROL I found this place. Its been on my bookmark to come and I have to say I am addicted. It was a little hard to find at first since its hidden away and if at night, its hard to see the Asian Ice cream sign. Also when I was reading the reviews I imagined Ms. Mann to be this old Asian granny making mochi, like my grandmother use to. Imagine my surprise when I came here I see this adorable Asian lady that is about my age. I was like.. Ms....Mann? She replied yep! Then I jumped up and down in joy because I have finally arrived!So that was maybe a little awkward at how excited I was but the anticipation had been building up! I ordered 10 mochis, 1 ice cream scoop and 2 sorbet scoops, pretty much I just went down the list and everything she had I wanted. There are also items sometimes that's not on the board that you want to ask her for, like black sesame and red bean, as those can be rare and she may only have a few left so she doesn't put it on the board. The 2nd trip I made I ate 8 mochi, 1 ice cream scoop and 1 sorbet. Ms Mann does it right, the flavors are right on point.At $2 bucks a ball, Here are the flavors I have tried: Green Tea, Red bean, black sesame, Grapefruit*, thai tea, taro*, this chocolate one that I don't know the name, cornbread honey, pumpkin spice scoop, lychee rose scoop.The lychee rose and grapefruit are sorbets so they are icier. The asterisks are what I think are must try at this place. The taro is absolutely amazing, the flavor is exactly what I want taro to be. The green tea is sweet but still that slight bitter tea taste. The red bean and black sesame are both authentic and true to their flavors. The thai tea isn't like the overly condensed milk version you get in bubble tea, its much much better. If you like grapefruit, its tart, its slightly bitter, and taste really just like grapefruit. This review may come a little too late as she's closing tomorrow for the season. But seriously people, put this on your bookmark and come back in the spring when Ms. Mann opens up again.  That sweet lady can take my money anytime for these frozen little balls.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/29/2014,91,325,7,18,12>Good luck finding this place, because it's tucked away and the only sign is the word "garage" painted on the side of the garage building. sigh.BUT, it's definitely worth finding because the drinks are solid! I enjoyed not one but two of the Queen Anne's Lace because it was such a perfect mix of carrot, peach and gin. This was the best drink on the menu, in my opinion.While on the overpriced side,I ended up getting a Japanese Cowboy. I absolutely love Japanese whisky and the last time I had this drink was at an outstanding bar in NYC. The one I had at Garage was perfectly mixed (thanks Paul!) and brought me right back to that magic night when I first encountered the cocktail.The space was dark, it is tucked away in the heart of a garage. The light-up bar will draw you like a moth to flame, but don't miss out on the rest of the decor. Super-cute and well designed. The ladies bathroom was truly a show stopper. Definitely check this place out if you like a good cocktail.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,5/28/2014,139,109,12,21,16>OK, I'm officially in food-love.  I stopped tonight and got a Shiner Monte Cristo from "Hey, you gonna eat, or what?" and some brussels sprouts from "Tapas Bravas".  First the brussels sprouts... they were the best I've ever had that didn't include bacon.  They may have been simply the best ever.  From their description:"Once these fresh Brussels Sprouts are flash-fried and dusted with sea salt, they become the perfect partner with our fresh garlic alioli as a dipping sauce. The crunchy and flaky leaves retain a fresh green taste thanks to the lack of breading and the absence of unnecessary garnishes and flavor enhancers and the caramelized centers showcase the nutty and rich nature of this vegetable. "Now, the sandwich.  First of all, it's too big for one normal human.  I ate half of it and am totally stuffed.  I'm taking the other half to work tomorrow.  My description? Really, really good.  Their description:"Shiner Bock beer-battered Monte Cristo with pit-smoked ham and mesquite-smoked turkey, cheddar and provolone cheese, and homemade cherry-fig jelly."  And it comes with homemade potato chips. Did I mention it's really, really good?I also met Eric, the boss man of "Hey, you gonna...".  He's a friendly guy, and obviously into creating great food.  Anthony Bourdain may be on CNN, but he's got nothing on Eric when it comes to talking about food.  His description of the sandwich made me want to take it home and introduce it to my mother.The setup of The Picnic is as great as everyone else has said already.  It's the most trailer-food-customer friendly place I could ever imagine.  The variety of different foods there will guarantee several stops for me.  I'll be able to eat for weeks, trying different combinations each time.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/27/2014,58,75,3,12,7>"Damn that's a tasty burger!"...to quote Samuel L. Jackson, is a statement that I made whilst munching down on one of their black angus burgers. Right now it's their first week open and they have a short and sweet menu to appease any Austinite or SXSW visitor in town. It basically consists of several types of buns; they even had a gluten free bun, as well as choice of protein, and many toppings. You just picked whatever you wanted and they make it for you. The ingredients were top quality and included several cheeses, and veggies...including beets (I love beets!), as well as thick cut bacon too. I added blue cheese and bacon to mine and it was aaahmazing! My burger was cooked to perfection. They offer sweet potato fries as well as regular fries, PLUS they offer sweet potato tots or regular too. They were out of the sweet potato tots when we were there:(, but said they would have them back on the reg. I think they had wings on the menu as well...and maybe chips and queso. I didn't check out beers or liquor and can't say much about that, but I imagine they will have a great selection.Their patio is pretty sweet! They have a nice space with several levels and an ample amount of indoor seating as well. They also have a decent size parking lot and there seemed to be quite a bit of curbside parking right there on E. 7th as well. I will be back I'm sure pretty soon as I can't wait to sample those sweet potato tots!! Heck yeah!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/26/2014,117,181,3,8,6>What a nice little gem. This place gives you the feeling of being on the lake, but of course it's just a man made lake in the middle of north austin.For starters we had the Fried Avocado and Crab. I'm always a little weary about ordering an avocado dish for the fear that the avocado might be past it's prime. This dish has the avocado quartered so there is no doubt that the pieces are in good shape before they are fried. The spicy sauce that is added on top gives it just the kick that the dish needs. The crab on top is a nice contrast with the warmth of the avocado.A lot of my friends have been telling me the green chili appetizer is good as well so I will probably be back to try that.For the main, I ordered the cedar-planked salmon. Thoughts? The presentation was great. Nothing like having a plank of wood on your plate with your fish cooked directly on it. The fish was cooked medium to perfection. The glaze gave it a crisp on the outside and it was melty and delicious on the inside. There was a butter sauce on the side that made for a great dipping sauce. The green bean salad side was a good light combo as well.Overall, very impressed. Looking at this area for future happy hours as the spring/summer weather approaches.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/25/2014,111,378,11,14,12>I tried to bring someone here to buy him a gift. "I'm too sleepy to shop," he grumped on a Saturday morning. I'M NOT! THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! And off I dashed to look at all the funky cacti and succulents. I'm no garden expert, but they have a LOT of varieties and they all looked pretty happy.Picked out an adorable planter they'd readymade in a recycled casserole dish. Two plants, cute moss, a little bit of driftwood and two adorable plastic figurines. $30 of cute, way better than two bouquets. Don't let another Saturday roll past. Fight the sleepies. Get some succulents.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,5/24/2014,109,238,7,10,9>I hate getting my eyebrows waxed. I know it's not that big of a deal but I have somehow managed to psych myself out every time I think about doing it. I know it doesn't hurt much but in my head, I'm about to get my skin ripped off. I blame the media.ANYWAY, I was taking engagement photos and I needed my brows to look groomed and ladylike. I have very thin eyebrows. I'm jealous of anyone with a strong brow. I hadn't gotten a wax in over 6 months. Leslie looked at me and said, Oh, your brows aren't in bad shape. This will be easy. I was put at ease. The whole process was quick and painless and they looked great. I was the last appointment for the day and I didn't feel rushed at all. She took her time and made sure I was happy before I left. I can see myself getting my eyebrows done on the reg now! Someday, I'll get the courage to get something else waxed. I'm thinking armpits. Eeek!!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,5/23/2014,71,150,1,11,6>But the new Hotel Ella and Goodall's Kitchen as cleaned up the place, swept away the cobwebs (and ghosts), and it's a completely different dining experience! The interior is much more contemporary, there's a cute little fire roaring in the corner, and there's a swanky new pool and hangout area out back. The wraparound porch is still perfect for dinner or drinks and West Campus pedestrian watching. We sat in a cozy spot in the corner and I tried the Moscow Mule, kicked with ginger, and served in a little tin cup, like something you might find a cowboy drinking out of when he settles in for the night. The ahi tuna with jicama and sesame seeds was excellent. The seared scallop was delicious. We're landlocked here, people, and we all know we need more good seafood in Austin, after decades of doing without. This is a great place to sample some. I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of eggplant, but loved the way Scott Mechura--who's rubbed shoulders with Anthony Bourdain--prepared these grilled Japanese eggplants, as well as the hash brown cake. The chef's mac and cheese with its bacon and its scrumptious chili pepper bread crumb topping can't be beat. And the prime rib eye with swiss chard was my most favorite, as if favorite weren't enough of a superlative. The table fell silent when we consumed the tiniest crème brulee I'd ever seen. It was something out of Zoolander it was so small. But if you could get your fork in it, the spoon was too big for the bowl, then it was so perfect, with giants chunks of salt, just to keep things balanced.We ended with a tour of the pool, ballroom, and the sculptures, one that Umlauf's son had made, and one that was a nudie statue of Farrah Fawcett when she attended UT Austin and was seeking extra cash from art-modeling before she dropped out to pursue her acting career.Hot Tip: the valet parking is right in front, facing MLK, but it's a little hidden behind the construction.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/22/2014,68,205,30,6,9>Feel warm and affirmed as you bask in the glorious views of our fair city.Feel terror as you imagine your child plummeting over the edge of these no-joke cliffs.Feel a bit of the ole cardiovascular system kick in as you journey up the hill to the top of this "mountain"Imagine you are Frodo and you are simply walking into Mordor.Feel deep regret and question your life choices as you see all the spectacular houses, the likes of which you will never, ever be able to afford. Enjoy the fact that this incredible location is right in the center of town, and not an hour away in the Hill Country somewhere.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,5/21/2014,368,209,8,13,13>Short and sweet review but I just had to write a quickie about the chickie. I loved the chicken! Spicy and battered are two of my favorite words so it's no shocker that it was tasty.I only had two legs a la carte  because drumsticks are my favorite and it wasn't quite mealtime. Can't wait to go back. Oh, did I mention the 32 ounce PBR? Perfect way to wash down some old-timey fried chicken.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/20/2014,486,215,7,13,11>When going to a Yelp event, or even an UYE, I like to review both the event, and the establishment separately.  So, after a great UYE today at Wingzup, I'd like to throw kudos for the Ghost Chile BBQ wings. A great flavor palette of sweet and spicy sauce surrounding a crispy, juicy wing. Fantastic! And the beer was nice, too. I had a Firestone IPA, with a nice hoppy taste to accompany the wings. I couldn't ask for more at a bar. The staff was friendly, and Merrill the manager was as gracious and hospitable as can be. I'll definitely return to this little Central Austin oasis.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/19/2014,82,178,5,10,10>I've had trouble writing a review because I always leave this place too buzzed and happy to remember any details. Green Eggs & Ham are always a treat. My son serially orders the Shrimp and Grits. He's a really picky eater, but he always finishes this dish.The bar is well stocked. Their house Bloody Mary is worth trying, and their brunch drink specials are an amazing deal!They get SLAMMED, so come early or be prepared to wait.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,5/18/2014,485,555,23,18,17>Burrata should be sold in dimebag portions on street corners, where surely someone, possibly me, would shuffle over shaking, blabbering about not having all the funds for it but I'll get it soon if I can just get this ONE hook up. Real quick. Please.That cheesy-rich, house-made delicacy, plus other tongue-tingling sensations, were part of our shared large cheese & meat plate. The large portion was perfect for four, and it's a miracle a fight didn't break out amongst us. But it was the holiday season, and sharing & giving, and yada yada. This was followed by our salads - oh scrumptrulescent salads. I believe we all won, each trying a different one, with my version of the caprese requesting my hand in marriage. I do. I do.All the while our Johnny Depp lookalike waiter made sure we were the happiest gals in the place, offering on-point red wine bottle suggestions (so affordable when split in 4) and making sure to overhear just the right parts of our conversation. Rock on, Cruz.Alright, stop: salivate and listen. This is a pasta place, but my steak, brussel sprouts, and fingerling potatoes dish was divine. DEE. VINE. The leftovers were divine. The smell of the empty leftovers box was divine.The dessert made us surrender our drawers. Best tiramisu in town. BEST. The end.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/17/2014,941,369,20,30,27>My, oh my, oh my. What have we here? I used to spend many an hour at The Green Muse, sipping coffee and wine, sketching, hiding, sulking, musing. The layout, now that it is become Winebelly, is just the same, which I like. The mural of the Green Muse is still up, gorgeous as ever, on the patio. But in  all other ways, this place has grown up from a precocious, sexy, brooding young adult into a refined, sophisticated and witty woman. I haven't ventured far into the tapas craze in Austin yet. In fact, Winebelly is only about my third tapas meal since Barley Swine invaded and conquered in the Restaurantvolution Austin has been experiencing these past few years: Smaller portions, communal style partaking, sometimes seating, higher prices, slower paces, optimal enjoyment. But I've been dragging my heels thinking that I would feel jaded at having to purchase multiple full  priced dishes and then share the already meager portion. So last night's dinner at Winebelly (preceded recently by an appealing experience at Odd Duck) really opened my eyes. First of all, Melissa A. is hands down one of my favorite dinner partners, ranking equal to Errol and somewhere slightly below my husband as a dinner date ;-) (Husband always picks up the tab, so that's unbeatable, guys!) She set this dinner up and was already the savvy lady, knowing exactly what we should try. She ordered our bottle of wine, and there is a 1/2 price selection of bottles on Sundays, folks, so that's definitely the time to go. I"ll defer you to her review for which wine we tried, but it was a delicious red. We selected four dishes: The Braised Pork, the Cauliflower, the Cheese Plate and the Meatballs. The cheese plate will give you slices of walnut bread and three wedges of cheese, membrillo and local honey. To die for. We had a wedge of a Wisconsin, a bleu and I can't remember the last, but they were all fabulous and once dressed with honey and membrillo, they were otherworldly. The meatballs were great - and, not that this is a child-friendly restaurant, nor that I would ever ever recommend someone bringing their child with them unless they're really well behaved and able to compose themselves through the entire meal - but if you must feed a child off this menu, the above two items are a sure bet on how to do it. My daughter loved the meatballs and the Wisconsin cheese and bread. And she was an angel at dinner, I might add. #mommybrag. The Cauliflower was roasted and delicious - sort of their answer to Brussels Sprouts and the perfect vegetable dish to share. The Braised Short Rib with celery root puree, wild mushroom and watercress is... it's... it's just that... it's love. True love. For dessert we had a gelato selection of Pecan Pie, Berry, Blueberry and Chocolate. Everything paired with our wine perfectly, one bottle was a perfect share for two adults, four plates were the perfect share and the gelato ended us on a high and refreshing note. My next dinner date will be at Winebelly. And this should be added to your list of where to take family and out of town guests to impress them with a very Austiny, very refined and intimate dinner!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,5/16/2014,724,628,9,17,16>How much is perfection worth to you?You can go, as I did, for umpteen years wearing jeans from garage sales and resale stores. Sure, they were cheap, and maybe if you were lucky they were even some fabulous high end brand, but were they *perfect*? Did they fit you like they were made for you? Did you think, when you put them on, "These jeans make me look my best!" Or did you think, "These are a great deal..."?I was in the latter boat. And it was fine. Until I was spending my days pulling up the back of my waistband so I didn't go plumber on everyone in my office, or shoving my rolled-up cuffs into my boots.I owe perfection to my dear friend, Kimberly K, who saw the frugal in my eyes (and on my rear) and refused to let me get away with it. She said, "We are going to Hem. And I will give you the gift of perfect jeans."Reluctantly, nervously, I acquiesced. I pictured myself standing in a dressing room, wringing my hands in the mirror for hours, trying on 100 pairs of jeans, being scoffed at by gorgeously-coiffed employees, and stressing out about the numbers on the price tags. Instead, Kimberly introduced me to Brooke, who looked at my body shape and brought eight pairs of jeans to me. My world was rocked. They ALL looked good. Really good. Every. Damn. Pair. It was as if Brooke had a magical ability to see what would flatter my body type. And she was unbelievably sweet and very helpfully honest in the process (and yes, she was also gorgeously-coiffed, but not at all scoffy).I did not pay for my first pair of jeans from Hem, thanks to a dear friend who felt I deserved the gift of perfection. But even if you don't have a friend like Kimberly K, the understanding of how good things can be is a gift worth giving yourself. Now that I know, I'd do it all over again on my own dime, in a heartbeat.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/15/2014,1335,96,,14,10>They take pride in their cooking here.  Dishes come out the same way every time, which tells you a lot.  They have an extensive menu with surely something to please everyone.  You really can't go wrong with their enchiladas, which are served piping hot in a classic cast iron skillet.  The also have a wide selection of club sandwiches and burgers.  With hundreds of nostalgic beer cans lining the walls, this place is a true slice of Americana where you can come shoot the breeze with your friends while eating no-frills delicious diner fare.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,5/13/2014,315,239,6,20,14>Vegetarians of Milwood, rejoice!I'm no longer a vegetarian, but I do enjoy eating meatless meals on a regular basis and I do declare that the Veggie Patty from VERTS is exceptionally tasty. How do they make simple potatoes, carrots, onions, and celery taste so good? Get it in a döner, a wrap, or a salad. Choose your fresh greens & other veggies to join the patties. Add 1 or 3 of the many yogurt-based sauces, depending on how much you want to shred your calorie count. Then sit down and chow down on a delicious, almost guiltless meal.Check out the nutritional value info here: vertskebap.com/nutritionFYI, the bread is vegan, but the veggie patty is not, so order accordingly if you feel strongly about avoiding animal products.Minus 1 star for being super charge-y about some ingredients that should be built into the price of the item.  You'll pay an additional $0.85 for feta, and another $1.25 for the grilled veggies.  Seems to me if I'm not ordering meat, I oughta get the grilled veggies (at least) as a fair trade.Welcome to the neighborhood, VERTS. We're glad you're here.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,5/12/2014,739,709,18,23,22>Everyone has "that thing"...you know, that silly little "defect" that no one else notices but in our own egocentric minds, it's a huge glaring deformity.  For me it was these huge varicose veins I had, like big blue worms hanging around my right knee, the removal of which is considered cosmetic and not covered by insurance.  Fortunately for me, I ended up having a medical issue with mine (it swelled up to the size of a golfball and developed a clot after some strenuous dancing :) and I legitimately needed to have it fixed.  Yay!This is a long drawn out process but worth it.  You have to have a prelim ultrasound of your leg and then "prove" to the insurance company that conservative therapy (ie wearing compression stockings) is not working.  It can sometimes take over 6 weeks for final approval from the insurance company.Dr. Dilling was my surgeon and while I thought him very perfunctory and all business during my prelim appts, I ended up having fun with him during my procedure.  This is mainly because when I'm nervous I babble and joke alot, so when he kept complaining of being hot under the lights while all gowned up laboring over my leg, I asked him to plz not pass out over my naked body ("not that it would be the first time").Also, I'm one of those patients that has to see what is going on.  My imagination is way worse than reality and I was getting a little nauseated as he worked and I had a drape over my face.  I mentioned this to him and he gladly removed the drape so I could watch the gorefest happening on my body.  What a relief!  He even showed me the veins he yanked out and joked about goin fishin with them later.  Afterwards, his assistants bandaged my leg from toe to taint and I got some REAL good sympathy for that.  It looked like I'd broken my leg while skiing down the Matterhorn.  They gave me very clear instructions on post care and I basically got to spend a couple of days with my feet up.  All around I was very happy with this experience.  There was some tenderness for a couple of weeks following but now I'm left with a gorgeous leg with about 15 tiny pinprick scars, not even noticeable.So, if you blow a vein while dancing to DJ Mel, I would highly recommend Dr. Dilling and Vein Solutions.  They'll handle your legs with care and a bit of humor (and a "crochet hook"....I told him that may NOT be the best way to describe that implement).
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,5/11/2014,322,621,12,15,13>It was Sunday.  I could afford to be a little Pieous.  There, I've said it again.It helps to go to a new place with some trusted friends, especially when they're tugging at your shirt-tails to go (thanks, Keri B and Michelle C!).  So I made the long 6 mile trip from Oak Hill to Pieous.  I say "long" because I really need to make all the Yankees jealous that it's that close to me.  ;)This actually was a UYE organized by Mike C, so there were plenty of favorites on hand.  I got to meet the famous  "Participle Dangler" for the first time (Mike, correct me if I'm wrong on that fact).  I got to watch Jack N watch football on his laptop in the far distance.  James F ("Big Rooster"), his wife, and Little Rooster were there.  Randy B, Amy D, Joe C, and Courtney W were there.  The incredible Kimberly K--rarely seen in the wild these days--was there.  Errol M made a cameo appearance toward the end of the event.  And, alas, senility sets in and I'm clearly forgetting someone I was truly happy to see.  Oh, wait--yes, Felicia I joined us late in the running.  So, judging from the cast of characters alone, the stage was set for another small-ish but awesome UYE.Blah blah.  Another rambling set-up intro.  Yeah, I know.  Get to the food.  Ahem."WHY I LIKE PIEOUS"1)  Pah-pah-pastrami sandwiches:  Order the "mixed", which is part lean, part fatty.  Piled high.  Homemade bread.  Be sure to double your statin dose that night.  That.  Freaking.  Good.2)  Heavenly desserts.  It took me over a week to make it through the four desserts I got to-go.  Let's just say when I liked the cheesecake the least, one can only imagine the banana cream pie, the tiramisu, and the caramel apple mini pie.  (Note: I don't recommend holding perishable desserts this long, but it's a testament to the quality of their food and sanitary food handling that they're still awesome after this long in the fridge.)3) "Devoted to great food."  That's their slogan.  The owners, Josh and Katie are the sweetest, most patient, most passionate restaurateurs you'd ever want to meet.  They LIVE for this place.  This may be their dream, but they're making sure  YOU live it to the fullest.  You've got a believer here, guys!Beer, wine by the glass, and affordable bottled wines are also available.  My one regret was in not trying any of the pizza.  But I'm saving that Fat Queen for another day.  Well, I've got to have something to go with dessert, don't I?  ;)
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/10/2014,41,284,3,6,5>Best gelato I have had outside of Italy, hands down.  Granted, I have never been to Italy, but I digress.My fiancee and I went here last night after a quick dinner out and enjoyed it greatly.  The shop itself is really tiny and has the feel of walking into the living room of an old wooden house from the 40's.  Maybe it is?  There are about 5 or so tables inside, so seating is limited, but the gelato itself makes up for it.  They have gelato bars on sticks, homemade gelato sandwiches, sorbets, and of course amazing gelato. There were roughly a dozen flavors, and I got the salted caramel and pistachio.  They say the way to judge a gelataria is by the pistachio, and it also being one of my favorites, I had to give it a try, and it was out of this world fresh, and so incredibly chock full of real pistachio flavor and no neon green artificial colors.  It's like a little birdie crushed a bag of freshly cracked pistachios in its gizzard and then spit it back up into my mouth as it froze on the way out of its mouth and into mine.  It's that fresh tasting.  The salted caramel was very good too, and had a lightly salted flavor and was smooth and creamy and not overly sweet.I also tried some of the chocolate with candied orange peel which was just as good as the pistachio in terms of flavor.  So rich and cocoa-y with a deep chocolate flavor and freshly candied orange peel bits that pop with citrus flavor.  Awesome gelato from some real Italians!  A must try.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/9/2014,35,142,5,12,12>So, I don't really like fried chicken or sausage, but OMG the fried chicken sausage. Soooooo good. And it comes with mashed potatoes. For serious.Banger's is awesome. They have an indoor and and outdoor section, but you really want to sit outdoors because that's where it's at. The idea is that they put you at super long picnic tables with other people which usually leads to some fun conversations. I've met a brewmaster, a biker, and a baker (not just an alliteration, but totally true).They've got sausage galore, a ton of beers on tap and I'm pretty sure they have the best cider I've ever had. Square something? I can't remember, but I want more! Bonus, they have cute outdoor lights. I love outdoor/ Christmas lights like a 5-year-old.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/8/2014,132,354,6,18,10>Excellent use of our tax dollars.  Drove up, two friendly guys were quick to unload several rusted, disgusting looking cans of what I think was once paint (left by a previous homeowner) unloaded my car and I was on my way within minutes.Also, City of Austin offers FREE reblended paint in 2 colors.  Take advantage of it people!  Paint ain't cheap!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,5/7/2014,9,162,7,16,12>This place has the best kolaches I've had in a 50 mile radius around Austin!! And the jalapeno ones are actually pretty spicy! This place is an awesome little coffee and pastry shop that's inside a small office building and is quite unassuming. Being walking distance from my apartment makes it even better, but still, they have excellent coffee (and tea and other beverages) -- both normal drinks and a bit more creative flavored ones. Their pastry selection is a bit small, but what they do have, they do very well.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,5/6/2014,48,112,1,16,7>After 100 reviews there's not much for me to add, but I noticed not many reviewers are mentioning (or having room for) desserts.  Don't make that mistake.  I took a piece of pecan pie to go and tried some of the warm apple pie thing and both were amazing enough for me to write this review just about their desserts.  Most restaurant desserts are overly sweet or overlook details like a quality crust, but theirs were superbly executed.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/5/2014,105,157,4,16,8>I eat here at least 4.5 times a week. Cheap, convenient, local, creative and delicious. A few tips:-Best guac in Austin and a bargain at $4.95-Best queso in Austin--sorry Kirbey!-Their huge breakfast tacos are my $2 brunch secret-Always order avocado salsa--it's like getting free avocado on every taco!-Some of my faves are: fried avocado, monk special, the independent & baja shrimp
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/4/2014,128,270,10,13,9>Stinson's is officially added to my rotation of Austin coffee shops.  Their mochas are delicious AND you can order them in this huge 20oz size, which is a huge plus for a mocha-chugger like me.  If you're lucky, you'll get Lauren to make your coffee concoction- seriously the girl can't make a bad drink, she's probably magic or something.  She  also has a really awesome name (I'm super lame I know).The inside of Stinson's is really adorable and  full of natural light- the place is cheerful as fuck.  Currently, there's an old classic movie starring Humphrey Bogart being projected on the wall with subtitles and Frank Sinatra filling the sound waves.Great place to get some work done- the wifi is pretty fast!  I could also see this place being great for events or brunch with the girls :)10,000,000,000,000 bonus points for having no dirty hipsters here!  PLEASE DON'T TELL YOUR HIPSTER FRIENDS, YELPERS!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/3/2014,277,405,,11,9>Why have all my Yelp friends kept this a secret from me? Seriously, OMG this is the best burger (smoked) in the area. It's not over smoky but has just the right amount with the thin pink line. I may not be a smoking expert but I know all about the pink lines and perfection of smoking meat. Based on other reviews we were prepared to pass this place and strain looking for it, but I believe those alerts helped us to see it immediately. The ATX and Smoky burger were hands down awesome. I look forward to trying other ones over time. I am sure my thighs don't look forward to those visits... Drinks are in cans, food is served in a basket, waffle fries are great and the service is stellar. What are you waiting for? Go get in your car and head over to 620 for a delicious Stonehouse Wood fire grill burger!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/2/2014,26,93,,19,12>I went to get my nails done at ALL About You as  skeptical as one could be. Could the yelp reviews be true? Could a place in Austin offer great service for a price to fit a small budget? Well I'm here to tell you it's true. It's all true. For 35 bucks, you get a mani pedi. But not your regular mani pedi. The manicure includes parafin wax (which has always been an upgrade at most places), and the pedicure includes a exfoliation scrub, and a hot stone message (again a usual upgrade). The nail techs were super efficient; quick and nice (they even offered to turn the Saints game on the TV). I've been to places here in Austin and this type of service would cost you aroubd 60+ dollars. No need for that anymore.I selfishly was not going to write this review to keep this place my little secret but All About You deserves the credit!I left a super satisfied customer!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/1/2014,88,128,12,32,16>So, here's the deal...when it comes to home cleaning services...for a review to be of any use...you really need a play by play. After reading some of the 1 and 2 star reviews, I was quite trepidatious. I'm a STICKLER for quality when I pay for services. Just read my review about getting a brazillian. As a matter of fact, read ANY of my reviews for car services, moving services, cleaning services...and you'll find, very quickly...quality is something that matters a LOT to me. And I don't go easy on folks. I'm nice, polite...I won't make you feel bad...but I'll be VERY honest in reviews. So...grab your pop corn...and prepare for the play by play. So, we're going to start off with 5 stars, and if anything happens that takes away stars...then we'll go accordingly. 5:55pm on the dot (How awesome is that btw...that a cleaning company will show up for 6pm appointments!)--Crystal S. shows up. Great attitude, very friendly, seems confident. Bravo! Makes small talk, compliments my home (flattery will get you EVERYWHERE my dear...do tell, what else do you like?) We go over everything...she's not daunted. This is promising! 5 stars...intact. 6pm: She begins on the bathroom. I'll let you know how long it takes and what it looks like afterwards. :) 6:13pm she exits the bathroom. I didn't hear any water running...so I'm thinking she's put cleaner in everything and is planning on coming back to finish up. Let's pray to baby Buddah that's it...Onto the living room for dusting and mopping and the vacuuming of one area rug. I'm a picky little bugger...so we shall see! 7pm: Uh...whoa. So, the bathroom smells AMAZING and is sparkling. And somehow, she's vacuumed the living room, dusted it (and I mean...dusted...all the mirrors, books, framed pictures), vacuumed the center room and my roommates office and has mopped the floors of the bathroom...this woman is FAST! 5 stars in tact! 7:08pm She takes a break to answer my roommates questions about the quality of her vacuum cleaner. Hears an ice cream truck and gets really excited and talks about how they make her happy. My roommate explains that ... at this hour...the ice cream man is handing out a little extra somethin' somethin' if you catch my drift. :) She has now entered the kitchen. :) 7:30: Went to the kitchen to "get water"--ahem, ahem...scope things out--Counters cleaned, stove cleaned, outside of oven cleaned, microwave cleaned. She has the inside of the fridge and the floors to mop....She's REALLY friendly. We talked about roommate woes and how great of a house I have again. :) Well...this time it was me talking about how great the house is. She mentioned that she actually really enjoys cleaning---how is that possible? 8pm: floor in kitchen scrubbed. She started on cleaning the fridge. I'm SO happy with this woman! She's fantastic! She pops her head into my bedroom (SAYS MY NAME CORRECTLY!!---it's a feat...trust me)...and asks if I want her to clean the freezer as well. Nope...just the fridge. I think I might love her. 8:30pm: Everything is done. Crystal comes to my room and asks if I can take a look at the kitchen because she's done. It's IMMACULATE. The inside of the fridge looks amazing. She even programmed the microwave with the correct time. This is amazing. So, 2.5 hours. A total of $60 plus tip....I'd do it again...but I'd ask for Crystal. My tip to you: be present when your person is cleaning your house. Check things as they move along, so that if you're dissatisfied, you can ask them to further clean. Be very clear with your expectations. If a person is moving slowly---be direct, ask them what is holding them back or getting in their way, and ask them to move on to something else that you might find more pressing. My expectations when I asked for the cleaning: 1 small bathroom cleaned. Living room dusted, mopped, area rug vacuumed. Center room, vacuumed and mopped. Kitchen tile floor mopped, counters wiped down, microwave cleaned, inside of fridge cleaned. Everything was done that I asked for. Can't complain.Started with 5 stars...ended with 5 stars.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,4/30/2014,259,309,7,14,12>Love this place! With the right weather sitting outside is awesome, especially with twinkling lighting...an almost intimate ambiance. But at the same time, its very casual and outgoing simultaneously! Just a Great Place.Food: Aghh the Food is AWESOME Delicious! Our group shared the roasted lamb shank, baba ghanouj, & dolma. All 3 were Amazing!!Service: Our waiter was super friendly and helpful describing different dishes. Outstanding customer service. So so friendly! After dinner, we ordered a blend of tobacco for the Hookah. It was an Amazing Time. Cant wait to come back!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/29/2014,73,175,7,14,9>I decided to post my review of this new place at the location they'll be at starting a week from now as currently they're parked off E 5th/Waller only temporarily for SXSW.  Full disclosure, I do know one of the owners of this truck and was already a fan of one of his other restaurants.  But I can without a guilty conscience give this new food venture an unbiased glowing review based on my visit today.  I think I just found my new favorite food truck - the food was that good.My wife and I ordered a lot of food not knowing what the portion sizes would be like - also when it comes to Asian food, my stomach's a bottomless pit.  So I pretty much tried most of the menu and really it was all delicious.  The BiBimBop with beef was my favorite and was as good as or better than any I've had in a sit-down restaurant.  They laid a perfectly cooked fried egg sunny-side up on top of a healthy amount of yummy rice, marinated beef, and veggies.  I'd never seen fried Kimchi BiBimBalls before, but they made for a great appetizer.  We asked for both dipping sauces - spicy and sesame mayo - and they both went really well with the BiBimBalls.Just those two things were probably enough to fill us up, but I was in a gluttonous mood.  The rest of our order included the kimchi fried rice (served with an egg on top), the wings, and the dumplings - yeah, a lot of food to be sure.  And I was not disappointed with any of it.  I also love chicken wings and the spicy sweet wings here are definitely a winner.  Not sure which or if any of what we ate were special menu items for SXSW, but no doubt I'll be coming back around to find out.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/28/2014,92,43,14,16,13>This review isn't really fair.   I feel like Epoch Coffee moved into this W. Anderson location because I WILLED it to happen.  The cosmos knew I wanted an excellent cafe in the empty space next to our office, and they made it happen.    I couldn't be happier.First, I appreciate the design/layout.  They leased a long, narrow, weird-shaped, old space and made it BEAUTIFUL.   This is not an easy feat.  I know, I tried to do the same with our office location.  You can tell that the design was very well thought out.  Lots of warm woods, excellent lighting, art on the walls, and seating that satisfies the hard-working lone-wolf and the socialite.   I really love the ordering area.  The minimal aesthetic brings the focus to what they do best: coffee.   They have pour-overs, several selections of beans and grinds, and (the pièce de résistance) the incredible Strada espresso machine.   If you are a coffee connoisseur, you won't be disappointed.  As for the food, I am thrilled.  I like to eat healthy.  Our office is surrounded by some of the best food in Austin (Bartletts, Phonatic, Hopdoddy, Verts etc) but we don't have a lot of healthy alternatives.  Last time I ate at Epoch, I had an incredible Vegan Club sandwich.  It is very cool that a place that specializes in coffee can make food this good. Most importantly, the people there are awesome.  Everyone on our team loves going to Epoch and talking to their team.   They like great music, they know coffee, and they are extremely friendly.   I am big fan, and I will be in Epoch often.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,4/27/2014,133,246,10,18,11>The world can always use more great BBQ and Austin just happens to be blessed with the best BBQ in the State with the best BBQ. And Schmidt Family BBQ, we welcome you with open arms and hungry stomachs to the Austin BBQ scene.Let me start with a single sentence summary that tells everything you need to know:One of the most famous family BBQ families strikes again with absurdly good brisket and the sausage that made it famous at a new spot in an Austin suburb.As part of the famous Schmidt name, which brings us Smittys and Kruez in Locakhart and Dallas Lockhart, this place lives up to expectations. I for one would be happy to see these Schmidt brands branch off more if the quality and atmosphere stay this strong. To break it down a bit more:The lean brisket is truly amazing. The know something here that few joints understand. Lean brisket is a cut of the brisket, it does not mean brisket with no fat. This brisket is the lean cut, but still have a thin layer of the fat left on top. Schmidt Family BBQ has perfectly smoked that fat until it is candied butter on a smokey deep piece of beef. It is worth the trip alone. Accolades for the fatty brisket also, which was well smoked and tender. Shoulder clod was also promising, although my piece dried out quickly while I focused on other meats. The clod still had great taste and little fat, so many should enjoy it.The sausage is the sausage that you fell in love with at Kruez.  Which makes sense, because they are just using the same thing. Like their cousins in Dallas Lockhart, they have moved the price much higher than what you would pay in Lockhart, but the taste is as great as always. They do a good job of doing it justice by smoking it perfectly. The pork ribs I had meet all my criteria for a great rib. Nice smoke, little bit of sweetness, pepper, and a strong pull will bring meat off, but does not come clean off the bone (note: if meat comes clean off a bone, that is not a good thing, it is overcooked or worse someone cheated). Also want to give a strong round of applause for turkey. They managed to get both a strong smoke flavor and keep the meat moist. Something that is rare for me to find. Also appreciated that this was real turkey breast, and not some processed style turkey like a few other bbq joints I know. I'm excited to try this place again, especially for a beef rib, which it seems is only on Wednesday. As it is brand new, I assume they will get their small kinks out. The atmosphere is almost worth the trip alone however. They have great BBQ history all over the walls and some cool displays. Hate to break it to you, but like their family's other places, they have also given into having forks and sauce. Two things that are not really needed in a BBQ joint. Still, it was there, so I tasted the sauce. It was interesting and different, but not really my thing (all sauce never really is other than for a quick taste and maybe to dip bread into). Also, the prices are on the high side of BBQ, but these prices have seem to be the new normal for the great BBQ joints. I hope they at least take a page from their Dallas family and offer a day with some type of deal.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,4/26/2014,488,829,14,23,15>Haterz gonna hate, but this place is just as good as Tatsu-Ya, without the inflated, ridiculous wait. Save yourself some time (and save those pretty little shoes from being stood on for hours) and come here.When you walk in, a fun, post-industrial, Austiny vibe hits you. Kidding, who I am kidding? - I think this used to be an auto shop, but who cares? I think we heard at least two Frankie Vallie and the Four Seasons songs during our dinner (are they trying to be this ironic?). But really:- Great menu that really explains things for folks who aren't familiar with all of the intricacies of traditional Japanese ramen. - Our waiter seemed generally familiar with the menu and we ended up taking his recommendations (and were pleased with them). - Several local beers on tap! (also, sake) - Lots of fun small bites if you want to have an extended meal (or, if, for whatever awful reason, you're not into ramen).- Tender noodles, complex broth, and brilliant textures make for some yummy ramen. - Mochi is a must have after your ramen! - The price is right, tooSo, you gonna go?
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,4/25/2014,4221,482,9,19,13>This cute n quaint little silver trailer has gradually risen to the top of my all time favorite decadent experiences.  It's always a delightful time when I visit Fried & True, full of surprises thru and thru.  Ironically I'm not much of a fried food fan and do what I can to minimize the intake, however, this place changed all that.  And after a dry spell I usually make up my fried-food void @ Fried & True.  I love the their quality and diversity, the batter they use is excellent and their food never has that greasy or oily effect, it's always very crispy and delectable.  It's literally some of the best fried food I've ever had.   I've made my way down the menu, here's the low down: - Fried Oreos are da BOMB!  The best!  Not greasy, puffy and toasty and very tasty.  I even brought some into work to share w/ the compadres, and warmed them up in the toaster (perfect!).  They went nuts - -gone in 60 seconds.  - Corn Dog Combo was off the charts!  The corn dog was large marge, they use Nathan's Hot Dogs (the best!), and the batter is crispy and crunchy, not soft and greasy.  The fries were fantastic - - and they give you a boatload with the order.  Get the combo as it comes w/ a drink and saves you some dough.   - Fried Pickles:  the best damn fried pickles I've EVER had.  EVER!  It's not the thin sliced chips w/ cheap breading that falls off - oh no - these are hefty dill spears coated in the signature batter and fried golden brown.  Dipped in their ranch sauce it really hits the spot - - it's really the best as I am impressed.  - Fried Nutella + Marshmallow Sandwich - - holy smokes that was probably the most richest and decadent item I've had since I could remember.  You get the salty, crunchy, crispy, then savory and sweet all in one.  A great change of pace and I had leftovers the next day - just warmed it up in the toaster oven and it was good as new.  I was floored by this concoction.  - Chocolate Covered Bacon is the BEST!  Hands down!  Why?  It's all about the bacon and the execution I tell ya.  The bacon is thick and crispy and robust, not chewy or greasy, and it's a thick chocolate coating all over as it all comes together like a sweet-n-salty party in your mouth.  I'm telling you it's the best and I can't get enough of it - - they always sell out.  -  I fell in love with the Dublin Tart Lemonade - - oh my I can't get enough of that sweet n tart soft drink!  You can't have just one.  I missed out on the Fried Camembert but there's always something new on the menu to entice you.  I love (owner) Ariel's passion and creativity - - nothing is off limits as she tests the boundaries and everything she makes is high impact, quality good, and without any of that greasy after taste.  I think that's why I like them so much - - unique, game changing, quality food, flawless execution, and over-the-top friendly customer service.  Ariel and her husband are always a delight to talk to as they enjoy getting to know their customers and want to develop a relationship.  You show up and order and find yourself wrapped up in a friendly conversation, it's always a delightful visit.  And don't forget to bring your dog as Ariel doubles as a Dog Genealogist - - forget those high priced & unreliable Dog DNA tests, she's the Real McCoy with over a decade of experience.  You show up with an empty stomach and a dog with an identify crisis and leave having experienced the best damn fried cuisine and knowing your canine's ancestry and breed!!  That's a win-win in my book!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/24/2014,286,209,15,40,34>After I got out of the hospital, I was instructed that I needed to find a doctor in order to get my medications refilled and to follow up on my care. Dealing with severe depression means that even the simplest of tasks can turn into a monumental endeavor, so finding a doctor was this foreign and overwhelming concept for me. How was I going to find a PCP? How do you deal with health insurance? Help?I'd driven by this place so many times on my way to Target and their sign says walk-ins welcome, so I drove here the day after I was released, figuring it would be easiest. Due to the nature of my insurance, all I had to do was call and set them as my PCP and I was good to go. Set up a PCP, filled out paperwork, wait to be seen - so far, so good. Anxiety levels low, all things considered. The nurses are really sweet and take care of all the normal stuff, like weighing you, checking your blood pressure, and asking you about the nature of your visit. I was seen by Lisa Vasquez and she is a total sweetheart. I handed her all the necessary paperwork from the hospital, she sent the refill requests to the pharmacy, and I was relieved that this process was easier than I had expected. Fast forward to now: my anti-depressant was not working. I was right back where I had started when I went into the hospital, except now I was experiencing horrible nightmares, I wasn't sleeping, still wasn't eating, and I was cutting myself much more frequently than I had previously. I broke down at work and decided I had two options: I could go home and attempt to commit suicide, or I could go to the doctor because something was clearly wrong. I chose to stick with life for at least a little longer and headed to Victory. The level of care I received from Lisa was simply amazing. She remembered me and asked me why I had waited so long to see her. I told her that I thought I was being difficult and I thought I should wait to see if the medication would work. "No, no, no," she told me, "Be difficult! Let me handle it!" She informed me that if the anti-depressant wasn't working, we'd just switch to something heavier and I should see results within a week. She also prescribed me another anti-anxiety pill that wouldn't make me so drowsy and a pill to help me sleep. To say that she completely turned my outlook on life around is an understatement. I had started to really believe that everything was just a bunch of hopeless bullshit and what was the point of it all, anyway? Lisa truly made me feel like I could call or show up at any time with any concern and she would find a way to fix it. She even hugged me on my way out - how sweet is that? I've received nothing but kindness from each staff member I've encountered and they make me less stressed about going to the doctor or voicing my concerns. It's really hard to tell someone that you've been self-harming or that those scary thoughts came back - what if they put me back into the hospital? - but Lisa made me feel at ease. That is exactly the kind of atmosphere I need at this time in my life. She also understands that trying to get into mental health care in this city is a nightmare and she has been a great help in trying to set up an appointment with a psychiatrist. I waited almost two months before returning to the doctor because I was scared and unsure, and the warm manner in which Lisa treated me has shown me that I really have nothing to fear. Everything has gone better than expected and, all things considered, I couldn't be more relieved. Maybe it's not all pointless bullshit, after all.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/23/2014,3,86,5,11,9>CRAVE really knocked it out of the park this time around. Our party of 15 used the private room. Management and staff were attentive. Drinks were creative and everyone liked their food. If you're conferencing in the area and looking to meet up nearby, give CRAVE a try. Some stand-outs from our visit:Fried Calamari was fresh and crisp, not rubbery. This is uncommon in my experience. Pulled Chicken and Avocado Egg Rolls with Chimichurri disappeared shortly after arriving at my end of the table. I took a Lactaid pill just so I could try the Jalapeno Cornbread Skillet. Think cheesy jalapeno cornbread piled high with crispy bacon; but don't think too long or it will be gone.Blackend Redfish was divine! I scraped my plate clean when I thought no one was looking. A lot of places try and fail with mashed sweet potatoes. CRAVE nailed it. The 5 Spice Craft Cocktail is easily the best drink I've had in months. They had me at sarsaparilla. Finally, where else can you entertain 12 clients with everything from Chicken & Waffles to a Samurai Sushi Boat?
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/22/2014,221,512,5,10,8>The ladyfriend and I hadn't seen each other for close to a week because I was traveling for business in the "Dirty Jers" (NJ), so we decided it was time for a little date night. Walker F suggested Tapasitas Tapas + Bar and I am glad that she did. We showed up on a Thursday night around 6:30pm for our date. Walker F and I had a bit of trouble finding a parking spot, but luckily they do have valet parking ($7). We were sat in two enormous (and comfy) chairs that looked like they came out of the Starship Enterprise. We managed to sneak in for the last 30 minutes of happy hour which was fantastic because they have $5 tapas (on select items) and $2 off of specialty cocktails. They have a very good happy hour here that runs Tuesday- Thursday from 4pm to 7pm. Fridays from 6pm to 8pm and Saturday 6pm to 7pm. The cocktail menu is decently sized and devoid of sweet and sour mix and other garbage. These are true craft cocktails, which are not cheap for the budget conscious. $10-$12 each ($10 during HH), which seems to be the going rate for craft cocktails here in Austin. My favorite was "St Josh's Loving Cup" which was a delicious rye whiskey cocktail that tasted a bit like cinnamon. I also tried the Port of Nola, which was good, but  bit offputting if you're not aware that there is an entire raw egg that's in it. The consistency was what threw me off...it's a bit thick.They have a cigar menu, which is reasonably priced and has a decent selection. I'll definitely be back with some buddies to enjoy on their patio.Food was excellent. Perhaps the best Tapas I've ever had. They do have a vegetarian section of their menu! My personal favorite dish was the potato gnocchi - it tastes like a pancake and is AMAZING. The chocolate chip cookie with cinnamon ice cream is incredible...I want one, now.Service was fantastic. Our waiter "Zhaques" (sp?) had great recommendations and was very prompt all night. I was initially a little afraid of going here because I've had some negative experiences with the whole West Sixth crowd, but the folks who run this restaurant seem to know what they're doing and are not catering to the typical West Sixth "there to be seen" crowd. Five star experience in my book!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,4/21/2014,64,148,8,12,12>Here's the thing: the Haymaker's food is heavy. Sloppy, heavy and so effing delicious. This is not the place for those looking for a nice, light meal and that's ok! It's a great neighborhood bar and restaurant with plenty of TVs.We decided to visit the Haymaker as we ran into the Operations Manager at Backspin one afternoon. Once I learned they had a ton of TVs and show almost every game, I was in for a (college football) Saturday afternoon visit.We ended up sitting near some super friendly folks who we chatted with most of the time we were there and ordered a bunch of different beers. We split a Haymaker (their open-faced roast beef sandwich) and it was so bomb, y'all. I wanted another one immediately afterwards. It's, like, the perfect drunk food.There was a steady crowd of people, all incredibly easy-going, and a mix of football, music, and someone on a microphone blasting audio throughout the place. The beer selection is pretty solid. I mean, they have Dogfish Punkin, one of our favorite pumpkin beers ever, a beer NO ONE seems to carry. My only gripe is the parking lot. It's not paved, just dirt, and when we left my feet kept sinking right into it, resulting in a dirty car.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,4/20/2014,91,305,5,10,6>Just sittin' on my new couch, thinking about how amazingly LUCKY we were to stumble upon this place. A week or so ago, my boyfriend and I went to the chain stores looking for a couch (Ashley, Star) and wanted to give up. Apparently, we are not rich enough to get a couch!!! I was feeling extremely discouraged when we decided to just go a little farther to this miracle of a place. Within minutes, we found a brand new perfect couch that would have retailed at least $200 more at those other places. FINALLY! The delivery was cheap, the staff was super cool, and above all else, we got a great deal. I couldn't recommend this place more!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,4/19/2014,278,170,7,11,7>In the words of Ron Swanson, "I enjoy government functions like I enjoy getting kicked in the nuggets with a steel-toed boot". Not so with this office. It's definitely a golden nugget in the sense it's hidden and not many people know they can get their car title or dispute a traffic citation here. In fact, most end up driving all the way up north. So all things considered, this place ROCKS! I went in to get registration for a new vehicle and the entire process took all of five minutes. The lady asked me for insurance and my driver's license, and within 3 minutes she handed me the registration sticker along with two license plates. It was so easy for a government office I seriously thought I was on Punk'd. Plus, given I went there on October 21st, the Halloween spirit was strong in this place; they had decked the entire office with zombies, Jack o' Lanterns and much much more! The only downside was passing up a wedding party where members looked like they were attending a funeral instead. Seriously, if you go to court to get a license to marry but it looks like you have a death wish and a license to carry, it may be a good idea to reconsider who you are going to spend the rest of your life with. Unless, of course, it was a shot gun wedding, because the bride looked like she was carrying precious cargo. That aside, this place was awesome because I was in and out of there in a matter of minutes (most likely not the case for the shot gun bride).
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/18/2014,152,219,5,16,9>Ginny's is back open! Thank God. Whoever said Ginny's isn't a locals dive clearly hasn't been in Austin very long...The good:Ceiling isn't falling in anymoreNo longer an inherent fire hazardLooks like you can still bring your own setup Better sound system and music setup- music is in front corner; much better acoustics as wellSomehow it feels larger, although I don't think it actually isThe bathrooms are nice! and the women's toilet seat is HEATED. That's right.Still as awesome a lineup as everFoot delivery of Lucy's ChickenDale Watson is now part-ownerMore seatingThe not-as-good:Higher prices. But I can imagine with what rent is they need to do this, and see point 3 on the good list anywayCrowd seems a little more assholish; there was a local politician there when we were there...annoying.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,4/17/2014,178,260,6,11,12>This place totally has cheerful vibe. Came here to check out the new bar in the neighborhood and was impressed. Love the acoustics from the granite, it's so nice that they are using the place as a music venue.  The decor it's bright and inviting(bright colors everywhere), and its pet friendly! The bartenders were very friendly and had great cocktail recommendations. I had the kale margarita which was so good and refreshing..... totally a pool side drink. They also had a decent beer selection, but I think their forte is their cocktails. One thing that made me super excited was that they sold Jamaican food as well! We had a taste of their greens and jerk chicken and it was awesome! Oh, and make sure you check out the mural inside its hysterical!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,4/16/2014,228,994,5,12,8>Gluten Free "CRISPY" sesame chicken - amazing!I was finally able to try this well reviewed Asian restaurant in a strip mall full of some amazing little gems on Far West.  You can dine in, take out, or order delivery.  They said that over 80% of their menu can accommodate a gluten free diet, just at an extra charge.My husband and I decided for the first time to dine in, and we started off with some soups - Hot & Sour, & Egg Flour.  I have eaten at many Asian restaurants, and you can tell a lot about a place from how they make these two soups. I knew I was somewhere special when I tasted the yumminess just of the soup. It's not often that you could excited just about simple staple soups.  I was overjoyed to hear that they could make the Sesame Chicken Gluten Free with brown rice.  The chicken was definitely crispy and moist.  Everything I was hoping for.  I was enjoying my chicken so much, that I can't remember clearly what my husband ordered, I remember it was good, but he was jealous of my chicken.  The servings were generous and I had enough for lunch the next day.The service was incredibly friendly, and at one point the cook came out to see how we were doing and if we were happy with our food.  I will definitely be back. On these cold winter days, hot Asian food delivered to your home is like a present.They also do have a separate drinks list featuring some wines and beer.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,4/15/2014,80,213,9,15,12>3X is good, and has a decent kick to it. I could use a 5X for maximum masochism, though. You want Austin? You got it. Here. The chili is good, and lacks any sign of legumes--meaning that it's actually chili, you out-of-state philistines. Our server seemed to cover a lot of territory at once, which was fine. I was perfectly happy to sit and soak in the years of crap tacked to the walls. Not manufactured crap a la the generic Chili's or Friday's random-junk-put-here-to-fill-space. I got the feeling that many of the random pictures or things were there for a reason. This place oozes history. Or something. Probably from that extra spicy chili. The bathrooms were a little sketch, but if you have to go at a place known for spicy chili, may God have mercy on your soul. I decided I could hold it 'til we got to the next place for the night. Beer's cold. Chili's hot. Good.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,4/14/2014,157,103,8,15,13>Omigod y'all!  Adult Skate Night is where it's at!   Get a bunch of your friends together on a Tuesday night, don your knee-high socks and favorite 80's hair band t-shirt, pay $8 to rent a pair of vintage beige skates, and go relive your childhood (or the childhood you wish you had).  It's 18+ only, so you don't have to worry about any youngsters reminding you just how old you really are.  The DJ plays requests and randomly declares songs as ladies only, men only, couples skate, and reverse direction, just to keep you on your toes.   The snack bar serves up pizza, nachos, hot dogs, sodas, and candy - all of which seem overpriced initially, but after a few hours of skating, you'll gladly pay any price for a slice of pizza.  I only wish they also sold alcohol - or at least allowed BYOB - but I guess I can see how that would be a little bit dangerous.So... see you there next Tuesday?
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/13/2014,54,201,2,12,6>Noble Pig (Noble Sandwich Co.) is open in their new location, in the old VIVO spot. The new location looks great, and keeps the feel of the old Noble Pig. The food is as good as ever, and now they have Maine Root sodas on tap too. Look forward to enjoying new menu items, and the nice, large patio area. The sandwiches are great, but don't miss the breakfast... the biscuits and gravy are delicious, and the coffee is local-roasted Casa Brasil.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,4/12/2014,283,230,6,12,11>**Happy Hour Review**Hamburgler in the house! I feel like I robbed this place.  I think their happy hour plates were $5 each. Criminally cheap for how fantastic they were. $2 off specialty cocktails.  Had the tru romance and it was absolutely exceptional served in a darling little prairie wine glass.  They started by serving a slice of homemade panna cotta bread with fresh butter in a bed of sea salt and dusted with dark chocolate shavings.  So good that you are pissed you have to share with your table mate.Had the pork and fried cojita.  Both awesome.  Also orderd a non happy hour Cesear that had kind of a smoky flavor.  Probably one of the top Cesears I've ever had.  And I'm kinda f*ckin old, so that's saying something.The restaurant is impeccably decorated with unique metal art from local artists that share the same warehouse space the restaurant was converted from.  The attention to detail down to the leather chairs and beautiful fabrics they used for the booths makes the restaurant comfortable but posh.  Does this sound like a $26 experience?  I thought not.  See... I robbed them!  I simply love this place.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,4/11/2014,704,840,10,20,17>After a brief but stunning tour of gorgeous Lake Austin Spa, I was ready to take my clothes off!  Yeah!  For a massage, of course.  And when Nancy, my massage therapist, told me she loved Guy Fieri, I knew I had a winner.  She kneaded me like a piece of raw meat sitting on Guy's counter.  I was stretched, rubbed and tenderized to a point of mind numbing ecstasy.  Nancy also taught me a wonderful, healing stretch for my tush that I will most likely use forever.I next ventured into the "Blue Room" to read a bit and then outside for a walk.  In my bathrobe. The staff recommends this. We all looked like Druids walking around in our bathrobes dazed after a massage or other wonderful treatment. The grounds are spectacular! I strolled through flowers and trees.  Viewed the splendid lawn that cascades to Lake Austin.  Walked through several arbors. Later, my "Heavenly Hydration" pedicure was accomplished by Melissa.  It was sensuous with special scrubs (I opted for the lavender and another woodsy scent) and creams. The chairs are extremely comfortable, relaxing music fills your ears and there is a view of a lovely garden within the resort. Isn't it fun to discuss restaurants and places to go with a perfect stranger who becomes a spa friend? That's what I call a meaningful pedicure. This was a loving gift from Hubby which included a delicious four course lunch.  I feasted on grape and watermelon gazpacho, avocado salad, gluten free BBQ chicken pizza and raspberry sorbet. The final touch from the spa was a complimentary makeup application which is provided with all half day visits. Can I move in?
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,4/10/2014,140,134,6,12,12>Fly Lake Austin is one of the coolest things I've done since moving to Austin. Somehow I've managed to live here for almost a year without going to a lake and this was a great way to experience Lake Austin for the first time!It's hard to explain what you're doing but the pics sum it up pretty well. There are two machines, either the Flyboard or the Jetovator. The Flyboard straps you in, kind of like a snowboard. You straddle on the Jetovator in a squat position, without sitting down. I only tried the Jetovator. Once you're balanced, the water jets shoot you up into the air. After that you focus on keeping your balance. Once you get it down you'll literally be flying above the lake. You can turn, zig zag, spin, flip and control your height and speed during the entire fly. It's kind of workout. Crashing into the water, squatting for 10 or 15 minutes straights, keep your core tight, trying to roll into the right position can be exhausting. But it's incredibly fun, especially for a group. Prices depend on how much time you reserve and how many people you have. I think our group of 10  $65/person for a little over 2 hours. This is a great way to spend a few hours on the lake. I'm dying to go back before summer ends.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,4/9/2014,393,621,2,11,12>Trendy. Hip. Austin. Fried chicken. And I really like it.Ok, here's the review of the food.   The corn muffins were only ok.  The jalapeno bits inside them didn't give them as much of a kick as I thought and instead gave a slightly harsh, bitter flavor.  However, this was the only part of the meal that wasn't perfect.   The fried chicken basket was some of the best I've ever had.  Obviously quality chicken that was perfectly fried.  Lucy's has several varieties of hot sauces on the table, none of which the chicken needs.  We ordered the french fries (listed as an appetizer) as a side with our dinner.   The fries are pretty close to perfect with a slightly spicy seasoned salt kick.  No ketchup required.  In fact, there's a reason why there's no ketchup on the table -- nothing needs it.  Also, as some of my minions know, I'm a big iced tea fan.  Lucy's has excellent iced tea -- and yummy crushed ice.However, the service is where Lucy's shines.  First of all, my iced tea was kept refilled.  For an iced tea junkie like me, that's an accomplishment in itself.  However, at the end of dinner, my dad fell off the bench at our table.  (By the way, those benches are a bit unsteady.  Older patrons might want to be careful with them!)  Immediately, our waiter, several other waiters, and the manager all came by to check on him and tried to call 911.  Fortunately, we didn't need an ambulance.   The graciousness and concern was truly heartfelt and wasn't forced or fake in any way.  In fact, as we left, the manager came out and brought us a slice of their iced tea pie to take with us.   (That is good stuff, but way too rich or intense to eat by yourself!)We'll be back.  And we'll be careful with the benches.  And we're bringing Mom, who doesn't like chicken at all, but seems to be fascinated by the oyster dishes and the sides.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,4/8/2014,50,97,5,13,7>Finally got to try this place!! Came here on a nice warm night and sat out on the back patio, with an amazing view of downtown. Pretty Christmas lights hanging..a nice fan blowing air.  It was perfect.We ordered the cheese/charcuterie plate and the korean beef skewers.  I wish they had more GF options. Some GF crackers would be awesome on the charcuterie plate.I got the PG-13 flight and my friend got the Oh Pinot! flight.  They were $13 each and three pretty decently filled wine glasses. I loved the interactive menu that helps you figure out different components of wine and helps you select the perfect one.Lots of fun!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,4/7/2014,26,147,3,9,10>So thrilled that I live close to Stuffed now. I've gone in for red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee and shrimp etouffee. As a Louisiana native, not only does this place make me miss home but it also is just really delicious and spot-on.The grocery store section of the store also makes me nostalgic for home.They have a few tables if you want to actually dine-in with your food, or you can throw some crackers in your bag and take it to go.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,4/6/2014,161,86,4,9,5>After reaching the point where the staff at All About Vapor don't always need to ask my name when I make a purchase, I figured it was time to write a review.This store that I have to pass three other vape shops to get to (and I don't even have a car right now) is the one that stole my heart and my business from the (admittedly great) site I used to order from. This is because a trip to ABV is such a great experience. Every time I go in, I'm greeted with smiles, no matter how busy it is and how many people ahead of me have tickets. I've brought in a n00b or two, and just watching them set up a kit has taught me so much about how to help my friends get off the analogs.Harvey mixes the greatest juices in the world, I swear it (I didn't ever think this cotton candy I'm puffing on right now could be improved, but with just a slight adjustment, he made it even more awesome). Heather and Barbara tie for a very close second. CJ is just an awesome riot to chat with when he's not busy, and I eagerly await the day he gets to call my number. (He clearly knows what he's doing, I just haven't had the chance to experience his mix skills yet.)As a convert from online shops, I love having a chance to test out some flavors before I buy. The 5 flavor testing limit was irritating at first, but after getting my tastebuds overwhelmed at another shop that allows unlimited testing, I get it now. Pro-tips: have an idea of what you'd like to try, and take the advice and suggestions of whoever is helping you. These people know what they're doing, and they really care if you have a good experience and stick with vaping. I keep a list in my phone of flavors I've tried, how much I liked them, and what else I'd like to try. Since I started doing this, I've never felt limited by the testing cap.To the people complaining about the wait... I'd rather wait for the amazing service and consistent quality I always get here than go to one of the less crowded, faster turnover chain shops with rude staff and carelessly mixed juices. It's worth waiting for the best.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/5/2014,257,292,3,11,9>Okay, so I should have updated my review long ago. Why is that? Because the food somehow gets better every time I eat here. The service on my first review was lackluster and has never been super great, but tonight's visit was quite different in that respect (very pleasant, thorough, and yay for my first time getting my water refilled!). This trip found me ordering the gyro combo. Somehow I've managed to never have eaten anything containing their gyro meat. BIG MISTAKE, ME. It was delicious. I get nervous about gyro meat due to having been burned by leather strips that may or may not have once upon a time been meat. The sad thing is that you just never know who to trust. I'm happy to say that Arpeggio Grill is officially in the gyro trust circle. It's tender, flavorful, and I kind of want to just sit down in front of a giant plate of it and go to town. Another surprise was the seasoned french fries. I wasn't expecting them to be anywhere near as good as they were. They were crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and not greasy at all. I wasn't sure how fries would accompany a gyro, but it was pretty perfect.Somehow I've been completely blind to the fact that they also serve pizza, so next time I will definitely have to investigate that. A nearby party ordered the Greek pizza and it looked pretty appetizing.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,4/4/2014,53,195,7,10,10>Oh how clever, it's all full of copper.  It only took me 3 visits to pick up on it, I'm quick, what can I say.CU-29 is one of those fancy pants bars that employs "mixologists" and serves you infused things, and herb things, and seasoned things.  It's sort of overwhelming since I didn't really see a drink menu.I have gotten/been very drunk here so that will almost always improve my opinion of a place.  But the last time I was there I had them mix up a special cocktail just for me!  Cucumber and jalepeno and like, vodka and a chili rim is what I got.  AWESOME! SO YUM!!!  Of course, the friends that sampled my special mixologist created concoction hated it and almost spit it out.  But it wasn't a drink made for them, it was made for ME AND IT WAS YUM!These aren't cheap drinks but it's a classy sort of place so that's to be expected.  Good place for a chill evening and quality drunken craftsmanship.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,4/3/2014,145,194,18,22,19>I kind of love this practice, which is a weird thing to say about a dentist's office. I have a love hate relationship with dentists. I love having clean, shiny, squeaky, white teeth. I hate having picks and needles jammed into my gums, drills driven into my teeth, and being told to floss more all the time when I always DO floss. I once had a creepy dentist who talked with his eyes closed and whispered "good, great, excellent" in the same order every time he told me to do something and I did it. I had another one that didn't wear a mask, and as he yelled at me for IKEA's confusing, wordless instruction manuals (because I told him my dad worked for IKEA) he spit into my mouth profusely. My last dentist was actually a really nice guy, but he wanted to talk constantly and seemed to forget that he had his hands shoved into my mouth and therefore, I couldn't respond to his endless questions. Don't get me started on the hygienists, who always rest their boobs on my face (I know this isn't a minus for men) and who, when they are finished cleaning my teeth, leave me looking like I've just been fight clubbing for an evening (my bibs have been straight up covered in blood before, and when I look down in horror, they tell me "you really need to floss more"). This was not my experience at Forest Family Dentistry. As I said in my check-in, the office is adorable. It's got this classy, cartoonish forest theme, and I felt like I was in a Wes Andersen movie. I was greeted by name as soon as I walked in the door, and everyone I passed, including Dr. Bethell, said hello and welcomed me. I didn't have to wait more than thirty seconds before being brought in for my appointment.They have state-of-the-art equipment, a TV on the ceiling where you can pick what Netflix show you want to watch, and they educate you step-by-step on what they are doing and why, including showing you pictures of your teeth (both regular and x-ray). By the time my exam was done, the benefits coordinator had already put the treatment plan through my insurance and was able to tell me what needed to be done and what insurance would pay for and what I would have to pay out of pocket. I had a couple small cavities to fill and they offered to let me get those done right then and there, so that I didn't have to book multiple appointments to come back. The hygienist was so friendly and gentle, as was Dr. Bethell. I never felt anything while my cavities were being filled, including the needle for the anesthetic. And the comprehensive exam (including x-rays, cleaning, and a complimentary healthy whitening) and filling of cavities were all done in under 2 hours! I honestly couldn't get over how smoothly this place runs, and how pleasant the experience was, considering it's a dentist. I've already recommended the place to a couple people and am once again grateful to Yelp for steering me in the right direction.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/2/2014,60,91,22,10,12>Don't go to Mozart's. Just don't go. Stay home. It's safer there. Mozart's is a wretched hive of villainy. Its rich and delicious beverages and wonderful setting only serve to mask its true identity as a den for the subversive. For the potential patron, be forewarned lest you become afflicted with a sick infatuation for this place. And then you'll start coming here all the time, and let's be real, nobody really wants that. Not you, not me, and certainly not any respectable citizen.You don't want to come here. It has a great view right by Lake Austin. And ample indoor and outdoor seating. A lot of the outdoor seating is covered, protecting the sitter from deadly, cancerous rain that frequents the area. Yep, cancerous rain. It robs you of your sensibility. Stay away.The people here are strange and dangerous. I once saw one such subversive-looking male with a laptop. In fact the indoors was full of them. Must have been a gathering. This particular male had a radioactive symbol on his laptop. A smug, bespectacled male maliciously typing away. He was there for over an hour! Silently scheming with the other people I'm sure. You can't fool me! The place is full of such types: parents with their impish progeny, middle-aged monsters, and the anti-social college students with their shiny shoes and cuffed pants. They all loiter about the coffee shop, pretending to be harmless. Many of the young males have prodigious upper-lip hair. Strange. And dangerous.The miscreants that patronize this place seem to enjoy suckling on their wide array of caffeinated beverages and teas. I have cautiously sampled the coffee and tea, which I found pleasing. I must ashamedly admit I especially enjoyed their large selection of herbal tea drinks. Of particular interest was the Ginseng-laced herbal drink. It was a curious and worrisome experience. Detrimental to the health, undoubtedly.In the morning hours, the place offers unique breakfast treats called Tawqos. A German dish, apparently. They are a delicacy here among the most treacherous of patrons. They gobble up these items quickly. It's understandable: these particular individuals are pale, skinny, and sucked up--starved for nutrients.Interestingly, the place does not make the Tawqos, but imports them from an establishment called Tawqo-Deli. It troubles me to hear that other businesses in the community actually have dealings with this wretched place. It's a horrible hive of hooligans if you ask me.This place is so serenely stressful, you'd be best served to stay away. I must continue to discreetly infiltrate this nest of darkness. The civilized world needs my vigilance.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/1/2014,13,80,,19,6>I took my overly nervous rescue pup to the Canine Center about 3 years ago. We had just gotten her and she was a nervous wreck - very anxious around people, being left alone, and had the nervous pees. At the time I was in grad school and couldn't afford training; I felt very lost and sad until I found the Canine Center. They offer a scholarship program called the Schrodi Fund to people who need training for their dogs, but are unable to afford it. We were blessed to receive some financial help and were able to put our dog through confidence and agility training.We worked mostly with Shari, who was very supportive and complimentary. She worked hard with us, even in a large group setting, and we really saw improvement in our dog. After our initial confidence training class we enrolled our dog in an agility class, which she LOVED! We thought she'd for sure hate it since she was scared of so much, but she had lots of doggy fun and we did too. After her training my dog is much more confident and less nervous. She's fine being left home alone, isn't quite as jumpy around people and is happier overall. I'm so thankful that we found the Canine Center - the teachers and classes are great and we enjoyed our time there.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,3/31/2014,46,118,4,9,7>If there were a dessert that comes close to my love of cupcakes, it would be ice cream. And I think Lick has something to do with that. Delicious ice cream with fun flavors and ingredients from Texas soil - that's something I can stand behind and Lick up.I've tried really hard to try new flavors but my favorite has to be Caramel Salt Lick. I also recommend the Texas au Lait, Hill Country Honey & Vanilla Bean and Fresh Mint & Chocolate Chunk. I also tried a seasonal one with peaches that I liked.I think it's especially crowded closer to closing time but it's worth the short wait. And if you want to be a hit at a party or a date night at home, buy a pint or two.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/30/2014,147,322,6,6,5>Finally another place that serves coffee 24 hours! However, I'm not sure I would study here, as I found myself drinking candy cane infused vodka white russian, a chestnut whiskey and coke, and some wassail (hot apple cider with whiskey). Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! That's pretty much how it went down after those drinks. Also, this place has great games at like every table! I can't wait to come back! Maybe even one day to work, you never know....
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,3/29/2014,100,113,8,14,14>This is the 5 star review that forces me to go back and question all other 5 star reviews that came flippantly before Ramen Tatsu-Ya. David Chang is on my top 5 celebrity "freebie" list and it felt sacrilegious that I had yet to experience a formidable ramen, given that in my dreams David has served his to me many times.....in bed.  Summer might be the best time to go, I've waited less than 5 minutes each visit. I thought the hot soup would be overbearing during the heat, but it's extra comforting. It immediately takes me to enjoying a hot spicy meal outdoors in a foreign country late at night. I tend to visit during the week around 6PM or a bit before closing since they're so quick. They now serve lunch thanks to a commissary kitchen and try to accommodate the poultry lovers at that time. While it's kinda hip with the music and dark and graphics; it's also welcoming, inexpensive, and you can tell people are there for the food. I don't even know where to start about the ramen itself, I want to just transcribe noises. Broth that is worth every porky slurp. Delicious tender pork belly. Sweet oozy soft boiled egg. I can't stop ordering #2, I really want to try the others but I've been fortunate enough to go with people who have let me sample theirs. Brussel sprouts and fish cakes are my go to add-ons. The slider is crunchy and savory, but sometimes over sauced. The tsukemen is a thicker, reduced, sweeter dipping ramen that is a fun chopstick challenge, but I really just came for the broth. When can I go next and who wants to come?
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/28/2014,120,239,12,17,15>I FREAKING LOoooooOOOOVE THIS PLACE. I am an artist at heart..but it has been suppressed because I got burnt out and needed to pay the bills. Being a grown up sucks. I digress.I don't know how I've gone this long without coming here. SOoo even though I'm neurotic and need everything to look perfect. This helped my inner child (who drinks) surface and go wild. I was super concentrated on my strokes. A-OOO that's what I said. Actually so concentrated I forgot to drink but Gina C. kept me in check. What are great friends for? "Hey let's get you drunk an put paint in front of you!"The vibe is full on instant fun! Great music (with a few duds i.e. ReckingBall came on and everyone boo'd that out) the gals there were helpful and inviting. They were super encouraging or wait.. just wonderfully nice liars? Either way they made me feel loved and nurtured. Total safe place. Everyone there had some good clean-dirty fun!They supply the canvas, brushes, bottle openers, ice buckets, serving items for food and snacks. Little cubbyholes for personal items you want to keep clean. Every little detail is thought out.My only gripe because I'm anal.. were the brushes. And yes of course I'm blaming the brushes on my terrible monstrous painting that looked nothing like the original, hah. I would most likely bring my own..because that's how I am.Highly recommend this! For either girls night, double dates, single dates, parties, do it, it's fun!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,3/27/2014,309,299,7,14,17>I love the east side .. When I broke up with my girlfriend a few years ago I happened to have a friend who lived in the neighbor hood. I spent a good year roaming from bar to bar enjoying the fruits of the many food trailers and dirty dive bars. I bought a fixed gear bike to speed me on my way from bar to bar and had a wonderful time. At some point I discovered Liberty Bar and the East Side Kings food trailer, it was there I tasted greatness for the first time. To this day I will still swear that the Tongue buns from that food trailer are the single greatest thing ever to come out of food trailer. Time went on and the owner of my favorite food trailer became a Top Chef contestant.I watched every episode of that season of Top Chef, I hung on the fantastic dishes the guy who ran the best food trailer in Austin made, he became a celebrity to me. Episode after episode he dominated the competition until finally he won. Seeing him make very beautiful inspired dishes on Top Chef made me crave more. The winner of Top Chef is given money to start a restaurant, I knew that would be coming soon to Austin. I waited patiently..  Its finally here .. Qui is everything I could have hoped for and more. It took me a few months after Qui opened to be able to visit. The building is fantastic, the architecture is amazing and has been featured in a few trade magazines recently. It can get a bit crowded inside and sometimes it feels like the people sitting next to you are part of your conversation, fortunately people are nice in Texas and making conversation with your neighbors in a restaurant is sheer pleasure.Mr Top Chef himself was there working cooking and supervising the entire time. Trying not to be awestruck by his awesomeness I went into ordering with a passion. I started with Kinilaw and Yellow-tail. The Yellow Tail wasn't your typical Sashimi it was in a mild broth that had a wonderful flavor and covered in some sort of spicy goodness. The Kinilaw is a type of Filipino Civiche.. its basically an Amberjack Civiche covered in coconut milk and mysterious spices. Both dishes were amazing and made delicious appetizers. I also had a cheese and cracker dish that was served free of charge. It was a cheese foam on a seaweed cracker.. it tasted very much like a Ritz cracker with ez cheeze, this is a good thing.For my main course I had the Rabbit 7 Ways.. I grew up hunting and eating lots of rabbit so I am no stranger to the subtle flavors one can impart with this particular game animal. I've eaten rabbit just about every way possible.. Fried, Stewed you name it, I am not stranger to rabbit. As child fried rabbit kidneys were a delicacy for me. None of that prepared me for the awesomeness.. there was a rabbit consume service in awesome rabbit mugs.. there was rabbit tenderloin .. rabbit heart dolmas.. every single part of the dish was unique and filled with different flavors. The rabbit tenderloin was mild and delicious, the consume carried the slightly gamey flavor of the rabbit so well. The rabbit is served as a cold plate and a hot plate.. Its hard for me to pick a favorite part of the dish but if I had to I would say its the consume.. I loved the way the broth seemed so clear yet imparted so much of the flavor of the rabbit onto my pallet.Of course I saved room for desert... 2 deserts .. I had the very aptly named Avocado Qui Lime Pie first it was very delicious and the texture of the avocado really added to the overall feel of the dish. I liked the dense smoothness combined with the sweet and tart of the key lime. The next desert I had was my favorite dish of the entire night, the Cheddar Cheese Ice Cream Sandwich.. I cant even begin to explain the bliss that is the cheddar cheese ice cream sandwich.. its sweet its salty its so confusing I had to close my eyes while I finished it... the crispy waffle combined with the sweet ice cream and the salty cheddar cheese creates such a complex flavor I had to work hard for my senses to catch up. The service at Qui is top notch.. There was no wait at 7pm to get a seat and the waiter was friendly and always seemed to be on top of his game. At one point he noticed us taking pictures and asked if we would like a picture together and came out and took the photo for us. They kept us a constantly comfortable as plates were finished they were scurried away and new dishes seemed to appear as if from no where. I cant say enough good things about the quality of service at Qui. I'm not going to review the cocktail selection here but suffice to say its equally as impressive as everything else here but the food is the real winner. This is one of those places that I think everyone should try.. sure its expensive.. but its incredible.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/26/2014,176,231,22,13,20>Step inside, walk this wayMe and Kerbey, hey, hey!Brunch is like a bomb, Kerbey, c'mon get it onDidn't wait that long, had time to write this songNot much parking here, this Yelper's greatest fearHeather-recommended, she's a queso fanQueso, scrambled eggs, and home fries, this meal isn't lightGuacamole-lover, Kerbey tastes so rightSometime, anytime, queso me quickWaiter won't you please Kerbey Queso me, yeahHey!C'mon, take some queso, mix it upMix the guac, mix it upPour some queso on meOoh, in the name of YelpPour some queso on meC'mon, fire me upPour your queso on meOh, I can't get enoughI'm hot, melted cheeseFrom my head to my feet, yeahListen!Kerbey Queso and Eggs Francisco!Cozy little diner, definitely goBiscuits, eggs, avocado, tomatoBacon, home fries, fruit, and quesoYou gotta dip a little, dip a littleDip a little moreAwesome, the waiter just keeps bringing out chips galoreSometime, anytime, queso me quickWaiter won't you Kerbey Queso me, yeah, yeahGive a little moreTake some queso, mix it upMix the guac, mix it upPour some queso on meOoh, in the name of YelpPour some queso on meC'mon fire me upPour your queso on meOh, I can't get enoughI'm hot, melted cheeseFrom my head to my feet yeahYou got the breakfast, I got the cashCheese posthaste, in a flash'cause I'm hot, say what, melted cheeseFrom my head, my head, to my feetDo I take fresh guac? One lump? No, two!Take some queso, mix it upMix the guac, mix it upPour some queso on meOoh, in the name of YelpPour some queso on meC'mon fire me upPour your queso on meOh, I can't get enoughPour some queso on meOh, in the name of YelpPour some queso on meGet it, come get itPour your queso on meOohPour some queso on meYeah! Queso me!youtube.com/watch?v=0UIB
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/25/2014,105,112,12,21,18>To make myself sound irrevocably uncool, I'm going to do a (bad) 4 P's analysis on Barlata. Business majors, amiright? Place: Trendy South Lamar, I expect they're trying to lure in Hipsters, foodies, and people, like my husband and I, who are too old/tired to go "clubbing" (or whatever the kids call it) and go south of the river for our weekly sense of adventure. (Say it with me: adventuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure....)Price: Decently expensive. That is to say, not indecently exorbitant. Depending on your appetite and choice, you could eat in 20 dollars per person all the way up to 50 or 60. Promotion: I'm going to take the "identity" interpretation of this particular "P." it's a cool little restaurant at the bottom of a trendy apartment complex. The decor is simple and modern, we were really comfortable being here. I think this place is a little more relaxed than "Malaga", but definitely kind of fancy for Austin's average restaurant. The waitstaff was amazing, our waitress was speedy and knew what she was doing. Product: My favorite part! I highly recommend the delicious, fantastic, amazing cheese plate, if you like cheese! The ox tail was extremely flavorful, definitely the star of the night. My husband couldn't stop talking about it! We also shared the lobster Paella, which was BEAUTIFULLY presented and absolutely delicious! And dessert was light and citrusy, a pastry stuffed with home-made cream and a citrus compote with mint. LOVED IT. There you have it. The 4 P's of Barlata.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,3/24/2014,185,122,8,16,16>To say this place has the best Italian food in Austin is an understatement. What is more impressive is that it is all done in a trailer.First and foremost, we were greeted by someone at the trailer window who went on to explain everything about the menu to us, and answered all our questions regarding vegetarian dishes, substitutions, additions etc.Then he went on to tell us that they make their own pasta (!!!!) and their own ricotta (!!!!) Wow I am sold. Serve me anything that is vegetarian and I'll eat it here.We went for the pasta and salad combo (this definitely beats olive garden) and had the Pomodoro and the Patrizi's House Salad. Both were magnificently delicious. They had roasted garlic cloves that just spread like butter over the bread, in the salad. The pasta was fresh, flavorful and topped off with that house made ricotta and lemon zest.My dinner partner had Cacio E Pepe, which is such a simple dish, with such powerful flavors, and the pasta is the standout component in this dish.We finished our meal with some italian bread pudding, which was delicious!I now have a hankering to eat here every time I'm in the area, or anytime I think of getting Italian food.You what is another win for this place, that fact that you don't pay a bajillion dollars for the meal (unlike the other Italian place everyone likes. You know what place I'm talking about)
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/23/2014,132,35,9,7,7>So... You're seriously going to tell me that you've never been here? You've never had the best plucking wings in Austin?? Then you probably shouldn't try the waffle fries with the works (sour cream, bacon, cheese, and jalapeños), because that'd clearly be out of your league as well. Oh, and the Mother Plucker 34 oz. mugs of beer are likely far too much drink for you to enjoy (assuming you're accustomed to the 16 oz. pints that most wing joints offer). I totally understand your lack of Pluckers experience (assuming you don't like puppies, Christmas, ice cream, or unicorns). Even Jenny L. Likes to smell the various meats here... I'm not calling you out, but I totally am. What the Pluck is wrong with you!?!?
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,3/22/2014,980,260,7,7,12>This little piggy tried the meatloaf, This little piggy drank the wine,This little piggy had the pork slider,This little piggy thought, "Mmmm....divine", This little piggy cried "Nom Nom Nom" while waiting in line (for seconds).
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,3/21/2014,579,132,6,11,10>This is a fun bar, when it's going off or even just for a quick drink.  The barstaff is helpful and friendly...and also pretty quick!There are two stages - one inside and a larger one out back, this one is covered and even has some studio sound proofing foam behind where the band plays, so the acoustics are not bad.The drinks are very inexpensive...one night I was here with friends before a Stubbs concert, and they had a special on white wine...so we each had a bottle!This is a great place for SXSW.  Thought it gets very packed, they showcase great bands and it was all free.  The door guy is also really cool - he won't hesitate to give up a cigarette or let you know about different Austin type stuff going down.Looking forward to coming back!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,3/20/2014,81,109,5,11,6>Something kind of strange is happening in the RR and me likey. Tucked away east of 35 is this new little gem of a restaurant that will definitely keep me coming back for more. Sure, the food and beer are good and all locally sourced but what I absolutely love is the looks of this place. It's adorable. It's decor is exactly how I would design my own kitchen. It's so inviting! Everyone was so nice and it wasn't full of hipsters. It's like Austin has made its way to the suburbs without being pretentious. Check it out. They also have a great breakfast with blueberry jam that is to die for. I will certainly be coming back!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,3/19/2014,46,85,3,10,10>Very good beer selection.Excellent pizza.Cheap drinks.Yup, just like the other bars it shares owners with, the drinks are cheap and the food is homemade and good.  If you are looking for some place high class with expensive decor you are going to be disappointed as there is no pretentiousness here.If you're in the neighborhood and looking for a good pie and drinks, I highly recommend it.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/18/2014,136,206,6,13,10>Just attended the soft opening, and damn... this place is fantastic.The menu is fairly small, but consists of fancy pub grub... decent assortment of apps and sandwiches, a few salads and meatier entrees. Eating paleo right now,  so I had a few salads and the charcuterie plate. All very tasty. 30 beers on tap, and a full bar - so I imagine this will be a hugely popular local bar in addition to a tasty eatery. Cocktail menu and wine list look decent. The staff was a little frazzled, with it being opening day, but they were efficient and polite... and the owners seem like pretty cool guys as well.Sleek/moderny interior, but lots of wood surfaces... Feels intimate. Plus, the stereo was rocking clashing hip hop all meal long. Here's to the gentrification of south first street! May many more tasty food options follow!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/17/2014,36,82,2,9,6>My husband and I came in after reading several reviews here and hearing it mentioned in a talk thread somewhere. Hubby is a huge sushi fan so he was stoked when we took off to grab a late lunch there.So we got there like 5mins to 3pm on Saturday so the poor manager that sat us had to pull out the lunch menu, dinner menu, sushi menu, and the happy hour menu....really nice of him, so kudos from the start. Our server Aaron was excellent. Really nice guy, knowledgeable about the food, and he had the balls to offer me those embarrassing little like..training wheels for chop sticks.. (I'll have you know, I didn't use them because I am the master of chop sticks!).We started off with an appetizer that was some sort of seafood dumpling? (very tasty) and then we both ordered off the lunch menu. I got the terriyaki plate and my hubby got the sushi and maki plate and an order of uni. He lost his mind with how delicious the uni was and the eel on the plate. Everything he ate left another smile on his face. My plate was meh aside from the miso soup and the salad (the dressing on that was YUM) but just the look on my husbands face was enough for me to say we're coming back. We finished the meal off with some green tea ice cream (SO creamy!!) and the Yuzu balls (all because Aaron [server] suggested them). The Yuzu Balls were SO good and we'll order them every time we go. They were...hmm interesting and so tasty.Overall, the food was great, the service outstanding, and the dessert was bad ass. We'll be back soon for a double date with some friends.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/16/2014,232,273,6,12,7>Yelp 2014 ReviewsSo I've always been the sucker for bakery hoppin in hopes of finding some new undiscovered treasure treat. Some people like to rummage through garage sales and used clothes, but for me, I like living the fast track on the highway to diabetes. Well I was sure Royer's Pie Haven was going to give me that fix I've been craving. First, you might miss this cute little shop as it has a tiny sign outside on the back/side of the building away from Guadalup. If you see the green building for Langford's Market, pull into that parking lot as it shares the same building space. The shop was little, yet warm and inviting. The sweet lady behind the counter was happy to explain her pies and inform me about the one that had been on Anderson Cooper 360, The Salty and Sweet. OMG, it's a brownie pie drizzled with Carmel sea salt. There are lots of delicious pies that you'll struggle to select from because they all sound so amazing and unique. And if you really are diabetic, then there are even a couple of pie selections to dine on made with alternative sweeteners. I left with the Texas Trash pie and the Salty Sweet. Note: if you get a slice of pie to go, it is only $4.50, so don't be suckered into buying the little personal small cutie pie for $5 because I think you get more pie when it is served by the slice. BTW, they also have savory pies like chicken pot pie, etc. The Salty Sweet pie was definitely dense and delicious! Surprisingly, not overly sweet either like one might think. The Texas Trash is very cool as it is so unique with chunks of chocolate pieces, pretzels, walnuts, coconut, and and things I can't even remember. I love that this pie had so many different types of textures that my mouth was having a never ending party. Normally, I don't even like coconut, but it definitely worked well in this type of pie. Two thumbs for being super creative and unique! The only thing that I was slightly disappointed on was the flavor of the crust. I absolutely think that crust can make or break a good pie, and the crust on both pies didn't have a good flavor profile to stand on its own. I wished it was a little more flakey and buttery like filo dough but it was very thick and somewhat bland even though it was greasy from the butter. That's ok; perhaps my pie wasn't freshly made that morning? I'm going to go back and give them another try and actually stuff my pie hole with what else, more PIE!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/15/2014,142,123,2,8,4>As I was eating, I was reminded of someone telling me once the following story.  In lower class cultures, the focus is on getting enough to eat.  Hence, you'll hear a lot of "did you get enough to eat?" and any communal gathering will be punctuated by an overabundance of food.  As you move up into the middle class, they know there will be enough to eat, and instead the focus shifts to, "did it taste good?"  As you move into the upper classes, they know the food will taste good, so they wonder "did the food look pretty?" Let's just say that Lenoir knocks it out of the park on all accounts.  I didn't really know what to expect before I went, I didn't read the menu and I simply went by the Yelp reviews that said, in essence, "excellent."  It was also the only place I could find last minute reservations a day before.  I have no idea why that was the case, because this restaurant just became one of my favorites.   The menu is small, but it feels bigger than it is.  It's prixe fixe, so you're going to be paying $38 a person basically, no matter what you do.  But don't worry, it's going to feel like a bargain by the time you're through.  The only options are to add some bread for $5, which I highly recommend, or another serving for $10, which I don't -- because you're going to be full anyway.  You can also get some wine if that's your thing. Your three courses are going to be large and filling.  I opted for three main courses (two land, one sea, make your own joke) and I could barely get started on the last one.  My girlfriend mentioned that ordinarily she'd be wolfing down my vegetables  (I don't eat them), but she was struggling enough with her plates.  The flavors.  Oh My God, the flavors.  I'm reminded a lot of Uchiko, there's a lot of really odd stuff on the menu, but somehow it all manages to work when it's paired together.  One exception -- we didn't care for the blue cheese with the poundcake, though both were exceptional on their own.  Which is how we ate them. As I was saying, they hit the mark everywhere, the food was served looking like art, to the point that our very friendly bartender presented one of our dishes in a particular orientation because he thought "it looks best from this angle, though this other one is good too."  What else to mention?  The wine selection was incredible, the servers extremely knowledgeable and the right kind of friendly, and the ambiance was unique, strange, and perfect for the restaurant.   This place gets five stars because I can't give it six.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,3/14/2014,116,224,6,10,8>It's been years since I've been to Buda and I adore what they've done to Main street and Cleveland's is a perfect addition. The restaurant decor is a mixture of rustic meets soft modern and it really works. The staff is very attentive and knowledgeable and graciously offered us tastings of their soup as we couldn't decide. Both the shrimp bisque and the gumbo were rib sticking, rich and decadent treats. I chose the bisque and it was a sinfully delightful treat to say the least. We also enjoyed their garden salads and Caesar salad served with freshly made dressings.I spotted some big fat juicy burgers and typical fried comfort food at the other tables where everyone had a smile. This place takes me back to the good old days- when owners and staff genuinely cared about quality food and service. This is a welcome addition to the sweet town of Buda and I can't wait to see what else is around the bend.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/13/2014,66,125,5,12,12>I like Hole In The Wall a lot. I like the overall atmosphere. From the bright yellow sign, exterior looks, the 1970's wood paneled interior, to the punk-graffiti restrooms. HITW is really the only concert dive on the Guadalupe St/ UT drag. On a street that seems to be rapidly changing with small businesses giving way to rising rent & corporate chains with more financial backing, it's great to see HITW hold their own. They have a total of 3 bars in various spots throughout the venue, which results in a great craft & domestic beer selection. 2 indoor stages plus plenty of outdoor seating makes HITW a great place to check out a band or 3. There's something going on every night. East Side King has a kitchen behind the back bar & churns out some great gourmet ramen that'll blow your mind!I'm not sure exactly how long HITW has been around per se, but I hope to see them around for years to come! A worthy spot to check out if your in the West Campus area.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,3/12/2014,149,145,5,16,15>I rarely give 5 stars because most places do not WOW me.These guys DID WOW me and in such a funny way. I attended an event and they had a table and were giving out samples. Yes just little samples of their pulled pork. The taste left such a good impression on me I had to hunt down this place and have it again. I can safely say these guys really seem to know what they are doing. I explained to them how I found out about them and they offered to make me a sampler of their popular meat choices. I had the pulled pork, pork rib, brisket and German potato salad and I found myself even more impressed when these meats hit my lips. The star of the show was the pulled pork but I will say the other meats were very good as well. I was surprised by how moist the brisket and pork rib were. Many times I will go to a place and the taste is okay and the meat is dry. I am happy to announce this place does not have that issue. Their meats are moist smoked hunks of deliciousness.  My meats were served with some pickled veggies,a vinegar based sauce and some bread none of which I had much interest in. The veggies were pretty and the bread looked good, I did taste the sauce. It's a light sauce or maybe dressing is a better word for it since it is not thick like a store brand sauce. It's more of a dressing to complement and not distract from the meats served. The potato salad was very non traditional, it had bacon and grilled onions in it. I found it to be more of a potato side dish more then a potato salad. Don't get me wrong I ate it, I enjoyed it but I wasn't there for the side dishes. I was there for the dry rub traditional BBQ, which brings me to yet another point.I tend to like bbq meats coated in thick rich bbq and I have heard others on Yelp say that is how bbq restaurants cheat. That the coating of sauce helps forgive all the sins of poorly smoked/bbq meat. After giving this some thought I think they are right. This place stands on it's own with it's perfectly prepared dry rub meats. Now on to the other stuff, this place is kinda of a indoor/outdoor sort of venue. They call the outdoor area the beer garden and it is filled with many nicely stained wood tables and benches.There is an indoor bar/ dining area indoors and if you visit make sure you check it out. I did a little research ( I Googled it) and found that this building is a historic landmark and is known as the Franzetti Store (built in 1869). This place holds on to much of it's old charm which in my mind makes this place a must see. They seem to have/cater to a evening crowd I was informed that it was whiskey Wednesday and that I should return for some cocktails. I did not order any since it was 11:30 am on a work day. I did take notice of their vase array of bitters and top shelf liquors and came to the conclusion that this place is capable of pouring an amazing cocktail. I plan to return soon so I will keep you updated.Oh lastly the staff here are not only friendly you can tell they are very invested in this place. They will warmly welcome you and truly care if you enjoy their product. There is a real sense of pride in each and everyone of the people I spoke with.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,3/11/2014,129,170,15,15,13>Wheatsville....you gots balls.  You plant yourself two blocks from Central Market and across the street from Sprouts.  I dig your tenacity.  You've also outdone yourself on store layout, presentation and quality product.  Your prices are decent too. You also finally have decent parking.  I'm impressed. I've been a fan since the good old days in the 80's when this natural food thing wasn't so big.  Now you have competition and you're not afraid.  Well played Wheatsville, well played.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,3/10/2014,227,263,5,10,9>I showed up to the bar with only mounting anticipation. I missed a recent yelp event so I needed to see why my friends gave such stellar reviews. After about 16oZ I knew why. What a great calming feeling. As I walked in I was immediately greeted by Scott. Upon seeing my apprehension and lost gaze, he led me on an educational voyage, through the origins of Kava.  Upon first gulp my mouth, tongue, and throat began to tingle and go numb. Not a feeling I'm quite familiar with, except when I'm sick. After some proper education of the methods to drink Kava. Thank you Scott. I began shooting cups. Most of my friends related the bitter, gritty taste to dirt. I see it quite differently. Tastes of fresh Pecan butter. Same bitter, gritty as you wash it down with water. So get over it, or at least trick your mind. Say it tastes of pecans out loud and trick your brains.After my first few cups I was hooked. Then I went to Del Valle HS homecoming game. Kava may have saved some poor kids life. That was annoying at times. But Kava allowed me to take a moment and realize I USED to be one of those annoying "nobody better step on my kicks " screaming children.  I returned a couple days later to test its ability to help with sleep. Had some about an hour before I went night night. I Remembered my dream... I haven't done that since high school.  Awesome.!!!Will be taking friends,  especially drinking friends, should we decide dirty sixth is the place to drink.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,3/9/2014,699,1000,15,23,18>Fantastic neighborhood bar.You don't have to worry about popped collars (a la West 6th street) crowd in here, nor do you have to fear that you will get mugged or raped heading back to your vehicle like you do in other 'gentrified' parts of Austin.  Nobody cares about the logo on your shirt or the name of the bands you have on your iPhone's favorites playlist (well, I would actually care but not judge).  No, here at Skylark you can just be yourself.  Fuck yes.Are you looking for whiskey?  You will have to bring it yourself.  They don't sell liquor only beer.  The nice part is that for $3 you get the 'set up' which is them supplying glasses, mixers, ice and limes.  They will be doing your dishes for you too with that charge so don't forget it.  Do you like a big patio with heater-things in the winter?  They have them.  Do you like a small indoor stage so you can hear kick ass live DJ's and bands?  They have it.  Do you like plush booths?  They have it.  Plenty of parking?  Yup.  This place actually reminds me a little of Casino South Side Lounge which is a good thing.Is there a food truck?  Um, no.  But wait, is there...free popcorn??  Oh yes.  Nom nom nom.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/8/2014,74,79,24,20,30>You always hear when law enforcement screws up. But you almost never hear about all the really great things they do every day. I'm posting this to change that. This happened while I was offshore and in no position to help. Yesterday Mistress Linda was hanging out at home and happened to look out the window into our back yard. Imagine her surprise when she saw a fully grown 8 point deer standing in the middle of our 6 foot fenced back yard. The dogs saw it right when she did and started their full on battle cry. The buck could hear them but couldn't see them because they were inside, but he didn't like it and was looking for a way out. ML, being the incredibly caring person she is, didn't like the idea of the buck trying to jump the fence so she thought she'd stealthily creep to the truck gate and open it so the now jittery buck could leave on all fours. But just as she was opening the gate she heard him run and turned to see that he had already hurdled the fence and was in the neighbor's unfenced yard. Happy with the outcome she walked back to the house but just as she got to the door she heard a weird rattle followed by a sound she'd never heard before. Looking back she saw to her horror that the buck had attempted to jump back into the backyard but had missed it and had skewered his right hind leg on the aluminum picket. He was hanging completely upside down and unable to move. She tried to think of a way to get him off the picket but he was too big and too frightened. What to do? She called 911. After immediately stating there was no danger to humans she asked if there was anything they could do, and the 911 operator said she'd send a deputy. About 5 minutes later a Travis County patrol car rolled up and a capable looking deputy named George stepped out. He immediately ascertained what the issue was, and ML stood waiting to hear him say he had to put the deer down. She hated this but she couldn't see any other solution. Imagine her surprise when the deputy said 'I don't think there's any real damage to his leg, so I'd hate to have to shoot him. I'd like to try something if it's OK with you". It was WAY OK with her. He called another deputy whose name ML didn't catch, and asked if he was busy or if he had a few minutes. Shortly another patrol car rolled up. Another capable looking deputy stepped out. Together they went over options, then turned to ML and asked, 'Ma'am, would you be willing to let us take down this section of fence to get him off?' YOU BET! Was her quick response. She told them to get any tools they needed from my shop and got a blanket that they had asked for to cover the buck's head so he wouldn't try to run when they got him on the ground. Throughout all this the deer was feebly struggling and making a terrible sound, like a calf mewling for its mother, while thrusting it's rack at anyone getting close. But despite this the deputies managed to get the blanket around his head and he immediately stopped struggling. They unbolted the 8 foot section of fence and gently laid it down. As soon as its belly touched the ground the buck bolted, with the blanket still wrapped around its head. It ran into a clump of cedars, thrashed around, got the blanket partially dislodged, and raced off down the dirt driveway behind our lot, with the blanket still trailing behind like a cape. Our neighbor on the corner got a good look at Superdeer as he dashed by and then looked at the odd scene up the road, shook her head and went back inside. Better not to get involved. Mistress Linda, two deputies, and a caped Justice League Buck were clearly not something she wanted any part of. It should have ended there, but these two deputies reinstalled the fence after calling in a deer wearing a blanket possibly distracting drivers on 290 West. There was little chance of that but they were thorough. As they were leaving, after thanking them over and over, ML asked if this was their first deer rescue. 'No ma'am, this is one of the most common calls we get'. Was the grinning reply. The fence was back up, the deer was free and more than likely back in the hundreds of acres of cedar thicket down the road, and the deputies politely declined coffee or soda, got back in their cruisers and went back on the road.So friends and neighbors, if you are rolling 290 on a dark and stormy night and see what looks to be a buck wearing a cape at the edge of the headlights, take a minute to remember he may be wearing the cape, but it was two Travis County deputies who are the real heroes of this tale. They do what needs to be done. Not for the money, because there isn't any in that job. Not for the glory, because there's precious little of that as well. They do it because somebody has to. Thank you Travis County Sherriff's dept. and thank you to two very capable deputies, out on patrol, working the next call.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/7/2014,461,645,14,27,26>Prior to sinking my teeth into Bee's Knees delicious rich balls I was turned off by baked goods labeled "gluten free". Prior to Bee's Knees I have only experienced sad crumbly GF baked goods. Not only will these cake balls not crumble at the slightest touch but they are the BEST cake balls you will ever taste! I am not sure who introduced me to Bee's Knees but I have an inkling that it was Keri B. She and her hubby Randy B. have brought a couple of their cakes made from this gluten free and dairy free bakery. I have had their bagels, stuffed with eggs and Daiya cheese and they are OK. But the stars of the show are those darn cake balls. Pair their truffle like chocolate strawberry ball with a glass of red wine and their pumpkin spice or tiramisu with your morning coffee.For the holidays you can order pies or buy the crust and make your own at home.I love bringing a dozen or two of their cake balls to gatherings. I have brought them to UYEs, birthday parties and given as gifts and they always turn out to be a crowd pleaser.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/6/2014,32,119,,12,5>On its own - 4 stars. In comparison to the Round Rock discount theater its a 5 (the RR one is GROSS). Anyway - visited this theater yesterday afternoon with my 2 children plus a niece visiting for the holidays. Saw a 3d movie for $3.50 per person. If it was a movie showing prior to 6pm and wasn't 3d it only would have been $2 per person. We only bought drinks because we had just had lunch ($14 for 4 small drinks) - but the food was not a discount price - but I don't think I'd care nearly as much spending $25 on popcorn and drinks when I only paid $2 per person. And they have those awesome soda machines that I've seen at Schlotsky's and Fuddruckers - where you choose your beverage and any flavors on a touch screen. It didn't seem busy at all - I hope they stay open!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/5/2014,64,10,7,12,14>I came here via the great suggestion, and for the UYE, of Tony B to listen to some amazing blues by WC Clark. Simply amazing, and in a perfect venue. It could be that we were here before the word is out but seating wasn't difficult and even with just one bar of three open, getting a drink was extremely fast. They had about 10 taps on the wall, but since they were not ready, canned beer it was. They had Sierra Nevada IPA but I opted for a Lonestar with a shot of Makers Mark. We had to hit the road before the second band came on but with the Monday happy hour priced drinks (and drinkable wine) Amy D and I will be back here for sure, especially on Monday, to enjoy some great music.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,3/4/2014,36,87,1,15,10>The wife and I were craving sushi after an all day run around town-a-thon. We went to our favorite place Ichiban on Burnet only to find out it was closed on Sunday. Bummer. Plan B was to get on the yelp app and find a place that was close with good reviews. For the record, the yelp app is awesome like that, showing Hanabi was only .4 miles away. We went in sat at the sushi bar. Our server greeted us promptly and took our order right away. Little did we know it was sushi happy hour when we went. We ended up with 4 rolls, a 22 oz Kirin and a salad for less than $40. Let's get this out of the way first. The green salad was freaking awesome. If you like homemade ginger dressing, you must get this. Fresh spring mix, shaved almonds, dried cranberries and an AWESOME ginger dressing. My wife about left me sitting at the bar by myself after I picked up the salad bowl and slurped up the last remnants of the ginger/almond/cranberry dregs at the bottom. It was that good. The 4 rolls we got were the Philadelphia, Lucky, Shrimp Tempura and Yammy. They were all super fresh, the tempura in 2 of the rolls warm and crunchy. The Lucky and Philly were excellent, but the Yammy and Shrimp Tempura were bomb.com stuff. Definitely worth the price and will definitely be back.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,3/3/2014,64,136,7,10,10>Went for a quick after work bite - it was empty - but I am not mad cuz' the food was most excellent.I had the burger - not bad and cooked perfectly! The fries were interesting.. they were slighty undercooked, but I think if they had cooked them "all the way" they would not have been as good. The Chipotle Mayo was yummy tho'The missus' had the fish and chips. WOW. Two HUGE pieces of fish, that actually looked better than they tasted - and they were OhMyDamazing! I actually ate (finished) the rest of her fish more than 4 hours later and though cold, they were still crispy and fresh (Seriously!)Now I wanna try Weekend Brunch....
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/2/2014,88,131,5,11,13>Day drinking continues! It's like midnight inside ;)This has got to be the best dive bar in Austin. Full of true Austinite old-timers, no windows, wood-paneling and beer signs everywhere, and finally a kick as music selection on the jukebox. I don't recommend going here to get rowdy but great for a good beer and a football game.FYI, beer and wine is all they serve and it's cash only. But there is plenty of parking behind the bar on the street near the pool.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,3/1/2014,73,389,6,11,7>Oh my.  I thought I had written a review for Asia Cafe, but apparently I didn't.  As a caveat, I have only done takeout from this location whenever I am in the area.  I live far from decent asian food, so I always want to take the food home so I can share the bounty.  If you're new to the restaurant, the process can be a bit confounding.  You walk in, grab a menu or look at the posted specials behind the counter, and wait in line at the register to place your order.  Place your order, grab a seat, and wait for them to call your order number over the loudspeakers.  Then you walk up and grab your tray of food.  It's setup like a fast-food restaurant, even though it's not fast-food fare.  (oooooohhh, alliteration, anyone?)The menu is excitingly extensive and authentic! The food prep time is not bad and you get your food in a decent amount of time, impressive considering how packed this place can be at peak dining hours.  I always love getting their spicy fish and snow pea leaves (garlicky!).  The Ma Po Tofu was also deliciously spicy and the tofu was perfectly soft and not overdone.  I want to try so many things on their menu.  I spied a bitter melon dish on their wall, so I'll be looking forward to that the next time I go.  The two times I have ordered their bubble tea, I was disappointed.  The milk tea was blasé and the boba was just off.  So no matter how desperate I am for bubble tea, I have to remind myself that I'm better off getting it elsewhere.  Their food though is obviously what keeps bringing me back.The atmosphere (at peak times) seems chaotic.  Loud raucous (happy) dining, the staff loudly calling order numbers for pickup over the sound system), and people clustering at the counter to order/pick-up. Great food!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/28/2014,209,219,17,15,17>I have to say that I absolutely loved Russian House, from the layout: spacious bar in front, cozy dining in back, to the amazing range of vodka flavors (our waitress told us just to pick any flavor we could think of and they probably had it), to the simple and delicious food.  Thanks to our Russian dining companion we took a traditional approach to ordering:  vodka shot with scallion and radish chasers, tons of appetizers for sharing (beets zakuska and beef tongue were my faves), followed by more vodka shots (cranberry, yum), followed by more vodka shots (Vladimir's special: herbal and my favorite vodka of the night), followed by entrees (loved my Chicken Tabaka), and more vodka shots time 2.  Dessert was a Napoleon cake that as OK.  Due to all the vodka, I was having a hard time keeping tabs on my taste buds.  I was culturally informed that 5 vodka shots was an "acceptable" amount for a Monday night.  I did knock one-star for the very slow service.  We didn't even get to order entrees till we were 3 shots deep. And we didn't finish eating till about the third hour rolled around.  So I asked my Russian friend if the slow service was particular to this restaurant or a "Russian culture thang"  He said, "both'!  Then we did more shots.Main Takeaway: everything is taken with a shot of vodka, including boredom.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/27/2014,65,231,6,13,10>HANDS DOWN BEST PHO IN TOWN!!!! You can and should trust me when I say that it is the best....Why? Because I'm Asian but more importantly Vietnamese. I grew up in San Jose where there is a plethora of pho.  I'm mad at myself for having waited this long to try it!The broth is PERFECT...it is aromatic...not too oily. You have the option of a small bowl or large. Make sure you drink every last drop! Also equally delicious is the Bun Bo Hue. This is a spicy beef noodle soup....originating from Hue, a city in Vietnam....hence the name! It was authentic...I would have preferred it more spicy but don't fret, the owner will bring you extra chili. A big bowl of broth that was rich, flavorful...chunks of beef and pork and plenty of noodles. Writing about this is making me hungry for more! Traditionally, this comes with pigs blood which I omitted... I just can't eat that stuff...eeek!This family is definitely doing something right - I mean read all of their positive reviews (esp for an Asian place, LOL!!) This is a hole in the wall joint that is family owned and operated and has been for many many years. They are very friendly. Service is good. Prices are cheap! This is now my go to place for pho and Bun Bo in Austin!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,2/26/2014,101,86,10,14,11>Reminds me of "Los Pollos Hermanos" everytime I drive by. I have been wanting to check this place out for a bit.  They are a local Austin chain.  They opened up a new location in the old Arby's off William Cannon and Congress.  Thank god, that was the worst Arby's I have ever been to!  The chicken is char-grilled and delicious.  I have been two times and enjoyed both of my dishes.  The first time, I went was for dinner with a friend.  I had the chicken mole enchiladas.  They were wonderful.  The second time was today and I had their lunch special.   This special is more food then you will be able to handle all for only $6.99.  For that $6.99, the plate comes with a good size half chicken, rice, beans, tortillas, and a drink.  I highly recommend anyone that is hungry and on a budget to get on this deal!!!Next time, I think I am going to try the carne asada.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,2/25/2014,42,115,17,21,15>We have reached the pinnacle of all brisket.  The temple of barbecue deliciousness.  Wow.The brisket ($17/lb) comes out beautiful with a peppery black bark and a 1/4" thick bright red smoke ring.  The brisket is not as aggressively peppered as some other well-regarded places but here it is balanced just right.  The meat is so soft and buttery and moist on the inside that the salty and spicy bark is the perfect contrast.  I devoured my plate.  Holy $#*@! - it was unbelievably amazing.  If this BBQ were a 1980's pro-wrestler, I would say it's the best there is, the best there was, the best there ever will be.Even if they only have the chopped beef sandwiches left, those looked pretty damn delicious.  From what I can tell, it was chopped brisket and pickled red onion on a homemade bun.  Looked delicious and it was only $7.They serve two sauces - an espresso and a red vinegar sauce.  I wasn't into the espresso, but the vinegar was awesome.  It's pungent and bright and adds punch to the meat.  Really really good.  It felt like complete sacrilege to use sauce on Franklin brisket, so I dipped sparingly.  The sides are meh, but who cares?Not only is the meat mind-blowing, but the entire experience, other than possibly the line, is very pleasant.  Aaron Franklin himself is often cutting the meat and interacting with customers.  He is also about the nicest and friendliest guy I've ever met.  Every employee seems to follow his lead in being extremely outgoing and friendly and seemingly genuine.  The employees must be dead tired from the constant bum-rush of patrons, but they never fail to be awesome.  I generally don't care about service, but even I am impressed.  I'd like to work here just so I can hang out with all the employees and have like 20 new best friends.And yes, there's a very long line.  However you, because you read Yelp, don't have to wait in it.  I will tell you how:  1. Show up at 12:30pm on any day but Saturday (when the lines are too long)2. Get in line - you should see someone holding the "Last Man/Woman Standing" sign in front of you.  This is the last person who is guaranteed food.3. Wait behind the Last Man Standing no further than about 15-20 people back.  Don't despair if you're too far back - an employee will come out and tell people they aren't guaranteed food, so they will leave.  Since you're smarter than that, you will move up.4. You will get brisket, and it will only take you about 45 minutes to reach the front.  They always underestimate what they have left, so the Last Man may be "guaranteed" food, but you can be pretty damn sure you're going to get food if you're standing near him/her.  Never wait 3 hours again!5. Lastly, send me a message and praise my genius.  You're welcome.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,2/24/2014,35,125,5,11,9>It's possible Natalie and I were cojoined in another life, or she got lucky, but I'm betting she just "gets" hair!I've searched ATX for a stylist who could hear me regarding blonde highlights.  I have mousy, dark blonde (ash brown?) hair and desire striking, blonde highlights that aren't gold.  Without fail, my past stylists have delivered a head full of blonde hair--perhaps that occurs over time, but I don't think Natalie will fail in this regard (I'll update, fellow Yelpers, never fear!)One of the most spectacular things about Natalie is spending time with her.  Great energy, lovely, open outlook on life.  She works it, is on the job, and is actively thinking about what would be best on you.  Plus, she exudes self confidence.  I need that in a stylist!I left my appointment with a great cut, perfect highlights (came home to a turned on man--what's better?) and I didn't break the bank to do it.  Perfection!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/23/2014,436,460,11,21,17>Wow Phillip B., thanks for showing us this place at your fabulous UYE! The people working the food court made us feel right at home and the 123 Noodles guy did an excellent job at educating us about his food. He is so passionate about what he does. Everything I tasted was so tasty, and cheap for the amount of food. I would drive from Kyle just have lunch here.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,2/22/2014,113,132,7,14,13>The meat sweats have finally stopped and i am wearing my stretchy pants, so i'm good to Yelp! now.Opening day for our first In N Out!!!  Yaaaaaay!  The bf had spied the info in Eater and decided we had to make the pilgrimage.  I knew it would be crazy.  I had already read Errol's review and noticed Joe C was checked in.  I was prepared for the task at hand.  They were running like a fine oiled machine.  Tho the line wrapped around the building and out into the parking lot, it moved swiftly and we were counter side in about an hour.  Employees were great!  Everyone was smiling and they passed out water to us as we waited outside.  Everyone behind the counter had huge smiles as well and considering the hellish day they have probably had, it was impressive.The food came and looked good.  I had my cheeseburger protein style and they will probably get better at the whole wrapping it in lettuce thing (it IS their 1st day! gah!)  The bf polished off his double double in no time and we tore into some animal style fries.  *Be prepared to get messy if you go animal style!*  The fries were better than the ones i had previously, seemed thicker.  He had also ordered "us" (i'm lactose intolerant) a large Neapolitan shake and i had a couple of sips.  It was very good and had great flavor for a large shake that cost $2 bucks!  i think our total meal cost less than $14.  Also impressive.Good food, great prices and happy helpful employees.  What's not to like?  Go get yourself some In N Out!!*we were leaving at the same time as an employee and he chatted as we headed into the parking lot.  We asked how long he had been there. With the face of:  NO ONE EVER who has just worked a 14 hour shift,  he told us He LOVED it and would be back to do it again tomorrow!  Also that he had moved from CA to come work here.  He told us he would see us next time as he got in his car.  Once again, IMPRESSED.  What are they doing with their employees at In N Out!?  Some other retailers need to take notes!  Extra star granted for being a company that clearly cares about it's employees, even when it's a big corporate chain.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,2/21/2014,86,148,5,14,9>After speaking with the owners, it turns out that this SnowPea is an expansion to the original SnowPea in Allandale.  The owners are gracious and did everything to ensure a pleasant dining experience.We started with a few appetizers:  pork dumplings, a soup trio, and salt and pepper calamari. And then ordered two entrees:  basil chicken and firecracker shrimpThe pork dumplings are okay, but could use a little help in the seasoning department.  I found the pork to be a little on the bland side and the dumpling wrapper to be too thick.  With a little tweak of the recipe, the dumplings have a lot of potential.  And this proves to me that these aren't just pulled out of some freezer bag.  They are clearly made fresh by hand.  The soups were your standard, run-of-the-mill Chinese hot & sour, eggdrop and wonton, which is comforting.  Soup was good, but those are hard to mess up.  Although the salt and pepper calamari was just a tad too salty for my taste, my boyfriend found the seasoning to be perfect for him, so I may just be sensitive to salt.  However, the calamari was served  atop a bed of sauted garlic, onion and jalapenos, which infused the deep fried goodness with incredible flavor.  This was my favorite of the three appetizers.  Next time I am trying the steamed pork buns!The two entrees were delicious, but the winner for me was the Basil Chicken.  Kudos to the chef for the addition of big pieces of fresh asparagus to the dish. Also - More basil please! My only complaint about the Firecracker Shrimp was that it was marked as "spicy" on the menu but was not at all spicy.  It had great flavor, but could definitely use a kick. The great thing is that I gave all this feedback directly to the owner when he came by to ask my opinion of the meal.  He was kind, graciously accepted the feedback and said that he would make changes based on our experience.  If that is true, then I will be back to try the dumplings again!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/20/2014,398,533,13,19,24>I somehow managed to squeeze my way into the soft opening of Odd Duck and it was really special to be sitting next to the farmers, brewmasters, regulars, and basically anyone who has shared this journey with them. I've heard people tell me, "Alison, going out to eat is not a hobby"...but it is, it so is.  It's exciting, it's fulfilling, and it's about witnessing inspiration and passion that in turn, makes me feel inspired and passionate.For me, this place embodies everything about finding the balance between "New Austin" and "Old Austin". It's innovative dishes on flea market plates, it's fresh ingredients made with hometown inspiration, it's a panel from the Odd Duck trailer inside of the new glass restaurant.  It's about community: sharing a table with neighbors, sharing your food with friends, and sharing the experience all together. But seriously, how was the food? I'm a fan and I always will be.  I didn't think they served us anything mind-blowing or even anything different than what I'd get at Barley but it was definitely good.  Whether it's adult kolaches, braised goat, carrots four ways, or that gorgeous redfish... this is my kind of Duck Dynasty.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,2/19/2014,48,151,3,21,13>Want my advice on how to have a great Tex Mex experience?  Keep reading.Although this is central East Austin, parking is super easy.  They have a lot behind.  Going east on 11th, turn left on Waller, and then turn left into their lot.  Go during happy hour.  You will not be disappointed. Two people can eat and drink moderate amounts of appetizer food and margaritas for less than $25.  And on a Saturday and Sunday in Austin, who can beat that?  Their happy hour breakdown is as follows:  Monday through Friday 3PM to 7PM gets you $2 domestic bottles, $3 house margaritas, $3 Parrot Tail, $3 pint drafts, $3 Tecate Light Micheladas,  $6.75 Italian margaritas (house frozen with an amaretto floater).  For food you get $3 queso, $5 nachos ($6 for meat and $7 for fajita meat).  Here's what you get on the weekends: $1 MIMOSAS, $2 domestic bottles, $3 house margaritas, $4 bloody marys, and $5 MIMOSA CARAFES!  Plus you get the cheap nachos. Their chips and salsa are great.  The house margaritas are definitely above average for house-smooth silver tequila and a delicious mix.  It's hard to stop drinking these, I've found.  We also opted for the nachos and queso, both of which are vegetarian.  The nachos are have refried black beans with white cheese.  That's the correct way to make vegetarian nachos, folks.  The queso is also blanco.  Very tasty.  Reminds me of Maudie's.Other than that, the service was great.  So friendly.  Not a trace of East Austin hipster here.We'll be back, especially on the weekends.  Great find.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,2/18/2014,564,466,2,11,9>One of my favorites for HH is Parkside downtown for the fantastic oysters and martinis. Only from 5-6:30 M-F and bar fills up fast, but 1/2 off bar menu (includes oyster platter) and beer and spirits. Their prices have gone up and they shortened their happy hour, but still one of the best deals in town. Top notch!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,2/17/2014,49,91,8,9,9>Lot's of potential!Found this hidden gem via Yelp. On my way home from work on a Friday, i decided to get some food to go. The first thing i wanted to try off the bat was its namesake, the famous "Chicken Lollypop" that the others on Yelp have raved about .. but alas they said they ran out. I asked dejectedly how is this possible since they open at 3PM and it only around 7PM. Apparently it was the busiest day the owner had ever seen ... darn Yelp ;) However upon hearing the desperation in my voice and double checking they said i would get the last order. I quickly rushed over and saw that fellow Yelper (SandeepG aka the Taco Stalker) was sitting there enjoying two orders of Lollypop (darn Yelp) but as soon as the owner saw me he said "don't worry you get the last one". The wait was really long to get the food but it was worth it. The chilly chicken and goat korma were great but a little rich. All the meat and vegetables are fresh (never frozen). The owner, Immie was really nice and gave me a sample to try while i waited and also threw in some free naans. Currently it is located inside a shopping mart in a small corner with two tables but it looks like the word is getting out and the place is pretty busy.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,2/16/2014,83,192,6,9,10>I am not healthy, I am not Vegan, I am not vegetarian, I love bacon, I love hamburgers, I eat fast food.  I also love this place, raw foods and all.  The interior is bright and spacious everything I have tasted is delicious.My favorite dish is the Asian Salad, it has awesome textures, there is a lot of it and it has a nice kick.  This place is outside of my normal comfort zone and I was blown away by how much I like it.  Don't worry, I"m not gonna go all Jenny L. in this piece, but when I need a break from filling my arteries with sludge I will come back to beets.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,2/15/2014,121,212,6,9,4>Live music while I wait at the bag claim?  Nice!  This and local restaurant outlets are two of the things that make Austin-Bergstrom a pretty cool airport.  Oh, and flamboyant guitar art, if you're into that sort of thing.My newest favorite airport perk?  Maudie's breakfast tacos - 2 for $3.50.  That's right, tree fitty!!  And, you know what - they're pretty dang decent, for airport food!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,2/14/2014,130,201,4,10,8>I've lived in Texas long enough that Tex-Mex food is no longer a guilty pleasure; it's a staple of existence. So I'm always on the lookout for a new source that also has good beer and margaritas, because face it, that's as important as dessert when it comes to Tex-Mex.Salsa's is an independent restaurant that opened in this strip-mall by Riverplace not long ago, and while the location isn't too attractive from the outside, the inside of the restaurant is quite inviting. There are several darkened areas with high booths and an open back room area for larger parties, all which afford a semi-private vibe for your Tex-Mex gorging and conversation. The biggest surprise was the large covered patio area, which looks like a peaceful place for families to hang out, and even has a TV on the wall. There's WIFI for those who want to eat and work for lunch or dinner, or who just can't leave the device behind. If you're more in the mood for dining alone or with a friend, there are several small tables next to the ornate, well-stocked bar on the opposite end of the restaurant from the patio.  Which brings me to happy hour, and may do so again in the near future.Salsa's happy hour is from 3 'til 7, and they offer a daily special along with $1 off their house margaritas (made with 100% agave tequila) and $2 off their premium margaritas, if you have a special brand that you prefer. There are three glass sizes, ranging from average to generous to fishbowl party-sized-you-have-to-walk-home-afterward. The super-friendly bartender patiently explained it all to us late one afternoon, and brought us quesadilla appetizers to go with our margaritas. There are several beers on tap and a full bar, and a good variety of creative appetizers, in case you want something else before your evening gorge. Be prepared to take home leftovers.The wait staff is friendly and efficient, and will bring you chips and three different salsas while you decide what to eat from the menu. The food is yummy and reasonably priced, with enough variety so you can be reasonably assured of finding your Tex-Mex fave on the menu, and probably a few new things to try.Maybe the best thing about Salsa's right now is that not that many people know about it, so it isn't as crowded and loud as Flores up the street. That may change soon, but for now, enjoy the experience.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/13/2014,114,172,4,13,6>I think I'm becoming more lenient with giving out 5 star reviews. Also, I just finished eating one of their coffee cream puffs, so I'm a pretty happy camper right now. Free wi-fi, fresh cream puffs, nice atmosphere, clean tables, and outlets on the walls next to the tables to charge your phone or laptop. Great place for UT students to do work or chill with friends. They let you try the custard before you buy, so try all four flavors if you so desire. Vanilla bean is one of my favorites in addition to their pumpkin spice (which is going to be replaced by lemon greek yogurt after Halloween, so get your butt over there soon!). Original shells come out to be $2.22 with tax, and I haven't tried the cookie-topped ones yet. There is also a deal of 2 puffs + 1 drink for $5.99. Warning: if you're used to eating those frozen cream puffs from a Costco box, you are not going to like these--the shells are room temperature and the cream is ooey gooey, runnier than I thought it would be.Would recommend their chai lattes, iced or hot. You get a choice of flavors--I tried the Tiger and it was delicious, though pretty far on the sweet side if you're okay with that.The staff is super friendly as well, so make sure to strike up a conversation with John (Jon?) if you get a chance. He said that they may be expanding their current hours (2-11p) soon. Will be back for sure!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/12/2014,235,378,12,11,15>Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, Can't Buy Me Love, PeeWee's Big Adventure, Gremlins, Pretty in Pink, Adventures in Babysitting, Karate Kid, Raising Arizona, Little Nikita, Benji, Charlotte's Web, The Explorers, Date with an Angel, Short Circuit, The Journey of Natty Gann, Twins, La Bamba, The Money Pit, Hot Shots Part Deaux, Rain Man, Running on Empty, Three Amigos, Spies Like Us, Driving Miss Daisy, Places in the Heart. These are some of the movies I saw as a kid at Southwood Theater, which is now Blazer Tag. It was a regular theater, then a dollar movie. It also had tiny urinals  in the ladies room for little boys. And once I saw 2 ladies fighting in the lobby. Oh no, wait, that was at Lakehills, which is now a music store. That's about all I remember about it when it was a movie theater. Incidentally, 25 years later I can still go there and feel like a kid. At a recent birthday party I attended, they gave us the private party room with painted like Outer Space, with planets and rockets and stuff. They took silly birthday pictures of our party. We played a few rounds of laser tag and totally destroyed the other kids (or maybe they destroyed us).  We also did the parade for the Birthday Boy, where we snaked around the game room conga line style chanting his name and clapping. Who cares if not a single one of us was under the age of 30?? Not Blazer Laser! It wasn't my birthday, but it was still one of the best birthdays I've been to in a while!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,2/11/2014,35,154,7,14,8>The food is amazing! Absolutely delicious!We had the edamame (spicy) and a cucumber seaweed salad that was $1 during happy hour, and something else that was on happy hour special. We then ordered the tuna tartar, and the fried beets and avacados, and dumplings. The tuna tartar was delicious, with the quail egg, so yummy.... I cannot stop thinking about it, yum yum yum! The friend beets and avacados were ok. Nothing fantastic, nothing terrible, I wouldn't order them again. The dumplings were yummy!Then we had the Ramen with pork belly and added fried tofu skin. So delicious! Oh my goodness. We ordered two regular sized bowls and easily had enough to share between the four of us, plus left overs to take home. Overall we ordered 3 first courses, 2 or maybe three second courses, two regular bowls of ramen, a round of cocktails and a bottle of wine. For the four of us with a split check including tip all of this came to less than $25/person. The service was weird... not slow, but weird. They were obsessed about keeping their paper menus dry, and kept trying to take them from us even though we said we would be ordering more courses and drinks.Then they kept trying to remove plates that we were still eating off, literally I had just taken a mouth full of food, and had food on my plate and the server reaches in to grab my plate. I had to hold on to it, and then she looked very frustrated when I said we were still eating and we'd make room for the Ramen when it came.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/10/2014,265,276,8,13,9>This donut shop that takes much of my boyfriends money and I don't mind! It is a local shop owned by the nicest and most caring Korean couple that you will ever meet. Everytime I walk in their remember me by name and even when my boyfriend goes in, he tells me they ask to see how I am. Aside from their amazing hospitality, the food is quite good as well! The donuts are fresh and fluffy. A good size breakfast taco will run you only $1.65 and another of my favorite here is the sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. This place is wonderful if you are in a rush and need a quick in and out breakfast run. If you have a few minutes to spare, I recommend eating inside so you can chat a little with the owners :)
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,2/9/2014,178,61,12,8,6>Strong drinks, depending on who you go to.I typically go to the guy at the front bar. He makes really strong drinks, and is a pretty nice guy. Good music, for the most part. Sometimes the DJ isnt' the best. . Floors are typically sticky or wet. My only real complaint. And before you guys make any jokes, it's probably from spilled sodas or mixed drinks. NOT what you're thinking. Har har. This is usually my go to IF I choose to go to 4th.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,2/8/2014,34,64,5,9,5>Even the chicks at the bar live Tweeting/Texting/Blogging their entire meal [Is this a thing now? Are we doing this now?] couldn't take away for the incredible meal/experience I had here. I had the Pickled Daikon rolls to start. I love pickled daikon. LOVE. And these were damn fine. I followed it up with the tofu "steak". YO! This is a giant serving a food and eating giant blocks of tofu with slippery chopsticks is pure comedy gold But it was fried crispy and deliciously and I loved every bite of it. It's really nice to have a well thought out and executed vegetarian/vegan meal. I had a glass of their house pinot noir and malbec and both were quite lovely. My dinner companion ordered ALL of the fishes and what nots and was very happy with his meal. Service was great and I love that even though it was crowded and the tables are close together, they somehow have managed to set it up so you don't feel like you're on top of your neighbors. [I'm looking at you Elizabeth St.] It took me forever to get here but I'll be back very soon.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/7/2014,421,256,13,16,15>Some makings of a Best Saturday Ever:* In-store playing encouraged. That suction-cup bow & arrow set made my Saturday.* Wind-up toy platform. Choose your marcher.* Under-a-Few-Dollar-Bills bin wall. Teaching kids the value of a dollar ftw.* All the kaleidoscopes. This is where my adult fixations began.* Dr. Who, Star Wars, Sanrio things sold here.* Goofy gift wrap and intricate pop-up kids cards.* Magic trick toys!* Those swords you can toss rings with.* Collection of Russian nesting dolls.* VINTAGE doll house furniture, dolls, buildings.* Classic toys from the mid-1900's onward.* PlayMobile everything.* There will always be at least one mermaid kite here. * Family games! Wooden train sets! Toddler apparel & toys!* Novelty items: mints, gum, pencil erasers, * Knights, pirates, dragons and sea folk figurines.* Classic and new school children's books. Ad Libs, anyone?* Christmas ornament jackpot! Want a frosted glass peacock? You got it, babe.* Is it your birthday? You get to pick one toy from the Terra Treasure Chest!You have full permission to jump around in here. Hooray!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,2/6/2014,485,555,23,22,21>I can't believe -- how could -- why didn't anybody TELL me that Sway is the second coming of cuisine perfection in Austin? How? What's funny about being roommates with a long-time pal is how quickly we started sounding the same. At dinner it was all "yes, please. Thank you. No thanks." - said in harmonized unison as though rehearsed. Naturally, our roomie celebration dinner was one big lump-some statement list.I don't know what to order.I'm so confused.Everything looks good.What are we going to do.Waiter, please HALP!!Oh dang. This is so good.No, THIS is good.No, THIS ONE WINS ALL OF THE POINTS.I'm so full.OF COURSE WE'RE GETTING DESSERT.I'm going to drink the melty remains of our dessert from the chalice in which it was delivered.*Our three courses came out in this order:1. Pad thai2. Slow-roasted pork shoulder bowl3. Coconut-broth soup with chicken and mushrooms4. Dessert magic.We chose the dessert where you pour a chai tea over coconut ice cream that is sitting on a heavenly cookie crumble with mini-tapioca balls. This is the kind of dining process by which you come to completely ignore every preceding dish and beverage. First the tamarind kombucha was delicious (and I hate kombucha!), then the first dish was fabulous, and by dessert I just couldn't remember that it was a Monday, and that there are malicious, misguided people in the world, or that reality TV stars make millions of dollars a year while in possession of no talent of any kind. For at least an hour, I forgot all of these things. I want that feeling again. I am going back. 2.5 billion stars.*Only one of us did that. I'm not going to say who.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,2/5/2014,111,378,,17,5>Four stars for innovation, but they have a long way to go. Our impressions:The space is a long, skinny retail store conversion. There's a bar at the front with a few fancy beers on tap and many in bottles. They also make paninis and have deli snacks. There are a few aisles of games. Then the back half of the store has two clean restrooms and about six to eight large tables. Some tables are still just folding tables and folding chairs, but a few look to be of nicer wood. Get there early and grab them?The ambiance isn't quite what I expected -- I was thinking dark and funky like Pinballz but it's more like a well-lit woodland cottage, maybe Gaelic themed. Needs more vines? The staff are very friendly and obviously play the games.Some areas of improvement:1) There needs to be a common area with common supplies: spare dice, plastic bowls for game pieces (like currency or marking tokens), pens and paper for scorekeeping. If they wanted to charge $1 to access this area, I'd be fine with that. Most games need some degree of tending once opened, and a few supplies would go a long way to helping make them more playable.2) Laminated Rule Sheets or Game Guides. There are plenty of fun games to try, but without a guide, it's tough to know how to play in a casual setting. They could have serious bonus points for curating some easy setup guides or even master lists, like: if you have 4 players, try these games! A game menu, if you will, to match the beer menu. 3) Beer versus folding tables: we had some unfortunate spillage from table bumping on a busy night. Try serving everything in big Irish coffee mugs?Overall, it's a really great idea being operated by interesting folks who care about community. Give them a try and help them get better!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,2/4/2014,109,238,7,8,8>I didn't plan on eating at Blue Ox. I had come to The Buzz Mill to study before class and drink coffee but the smell of delicious smoked meats was too much and my stomach demanded that I fill it with brisket and sausage. I got a brisket sandwich. That thing was huge! I couldn't finish it which made me sad because it was so good! The meat was tender and had great flavor. Their sausage was delicious. I'm glad I found this place. Now I can feed my bbq cravings without having to wait in lining at 6 am!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,2/3/2014,486,215,9,11,8>I don't know why it's taken me a while to write this review, but it did. I get non-Yelpy spells on occasion. But anyway...  I met Sarah P and Errol M here for a quick hang out, before I started my now job in G-Town, and I must say--for being in the 'burbs, this is a pretty cool little joint. I feel like I didn't get the full-on Dig Pub experience, as I basically sat down at an outside table, had two pear ciders (absolutely yummy, and ice cold!), and we took off. Though, the waitress was very attentive (and cute), the bar itself had a decent, comfortable decor, and a glance at their menu showed a nice selection of pub fare. You really can't ask for more out of a neighborhood pub than this, other than having Aerosmith drop by play a set on a Friday night, like they did at Moe's Tavern. But since that was The Simpsons, and not real (at least I think), this does seem to be about as good as it gets.  I see they have trivia, and on the weekends, it seems to be a pretty good spot.  Given the opportunity, I'd definitely return to this suburban tavern.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/2/2014,18,110,1,18,9>Through a series of pretty random events, I ended up at Gus's last night on their first night serving food. I attended college in Memphis, so I have had the original many times. After seeing cups at the location in Little Rock, I knew this location was in the works but didn't know when the planned opening was.We were greeted by many of the servers and staff as soon as we walked in. They were very welcoming. We were served very quickly and our drinks were kept full. The restaurant itself is very clean and new. A little different from the original, but not in a bad way. The location makes parking a little difficult, but the chicken here would make it worth a 10 block walk. There were a few TVs hanging around the place with games on. The dining area isn't huge, so I expect it will be fairly full during dinner and on the weekends at night.We ordered a few 2 and 3 piece meals. The chicken was perfectly spiced and crispy, and it had the right amount of batter. The meat was very tender and juicy. If you haven't had Gus's before, be prepared for a little kick from the spice. It isn't terribly hot, but could surprise some who don't like any heat. For sides, we ended up with fries, slaw, baked beans, and mac and cheese. The fries are thicker than fast food fries, but not as thick as steak fries. The slaw is fresh and crispy, without an overpowering mayo taste. The mac and cheese was very creamy and served with shredded cheddar on top. Overall, I would say this is as close to the original as I could have hoped for. This chicken is good enough to make fighting traffic and parking downtown well worth it. Just don't leave leftovers in the car or you will be craving Gus's all week.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,2/1/2014,941,369,36,33,36>What the hell just happened to me? Did you see the picture I posted of my Soco Burger? Didja? Didja? Go look. You can't miss it. It's the giant, in-yo-face burger photo, like he's all bowed up sayin' "What, punk? Huh? What you gonna do about it?" Then you're like "I'm gonna eat  you to death." But then he just kicks your ass and throws down his sword and now he's screaming at the camera "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!??!!?"I swear I'm not on drugs. I've just been through a lot during lunch, bear with me. I'm still reeling. This burger is so confusing. And so, so good. You've got your burger patty which is a beef and pork mixture. Points right there. You've got a 1/4 or 1/2 lb option - and they don't skimp on the 1/4 lb patties so they're perfect. Points right there. There's smoke piping out of that trailer, wafting the smell of delicious meats in to the parking lot. That just revs up the appetite while you wait and you're already thinking "This is gonna be good". I love anticipation. Points there. On the menu are a variety of sammiches, all of which sound so insanely appetizing I was almost swayed from getting a burger. Heh. Almost. On the Soco Burger, in addition to the stand-alone quality of the meat, you've got sauteed onions and peppers, you've got fresh green leaf lettuce, you've got tomato, you've got goat cheese, you've got pineapple (say whaaaaaaat) and you've got some kinda sexy sauce. The bun is lightly toasted, a pretty hashtag grilled into the top. The fries are crisp and piping hot fresh. So you order the Soco Burger then you just sit there and stare at the photos on the menu, and stare and stare and drool and stare, wondering what the hell goat cheese and pineapple are going to taste like in union. Well, they're going to taste bafflingly awesome. You're going to take a huge bite, and your eyes will widen, and your heart will race, and you'll be thinking "Do I like this? Are these flavors supposed to be in my mouth at the same time?" And the burger patty is like "Yes, my awesomeness makes it okay. So shut up" and your'e like "Okay," and then you just enjoy the intoxicating befuddlement of it all. The pineapple is to the Soco Burger what a pickle is to a classic burger. A bit of bite, of acid, a left-field flavor to kick your tastebuds a little bit with a pop of fresh flavor that plays off of the melded flavors of meat and cheese and standard veg. And they have Fanta. And now you're thinking, "What the hell just happened to me?"Just go try their burger and join me in LaLa Land.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,1/31/2014,82,178,7,9,11>This is a great restaurant with a friendly atmosphere and innovative menu. A shaved watermelon salad was a great start. Their interpretation of chicken soup includes zucchini and yellow squash "pasta" and chicken meatballs in a bright, tomato-based broth. The flavors were interesting, but a bit tart for my taste, and the entire family agreed.The bread is in itself a reason to come back again and again. The bread has a beautiful rustic patina and has a coarse appearance, only to surprise your mouth with a delicate, springy feel. Order it with a cheese plate, and you will be happy.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,1/30/2014,105,78,1,10,8>Why i love P. Terry's -Veg fed, all natural angus beef. Daily delivered fresh produce.Fresh potatoes made into fries in their own kitchen.The first time i had a burger at p. Terry's, it was definitely not like any burger I've had from somewhere you consider fast food. You know you're eating something worthwhile by the awesome taste of freshness from the veggies. Really enjoy their fresh cut fries as well. Great food for a ridiculously awesome price
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/29/2014,724,628,10,28,16>Fourteen years ago, after many years of watching my wrist turn green from wearing $10 "Cucci" watches I'd bought on the street, my parents gifted me with the real deal. I wear it every day and after all these years, all the maintenance it has ever needed was a battery.I used to be able to get a battery for my watch from pretty much any jewelry or battery store, but in recent years, I've noticed that everyone is suddenly afraid to touch it. "We can't change THAT battery," they'd say, shaking their heads solemnly when they saw the maker on the face. Last time around, I ended up at a certain clock store in Austin that charged me a totally offensive fee for changing my battery. I paid it because the watch has so much sentimental value, and I couldn't find anyone else to do it. So when my battery started to slow down recently, I was determined to find someone else who could make my beloved watch go again for a more reasonable price.I called jeweler after jeweler, and finally lighted on Benold's. Not only were they willing to change my watch battery, but they charged me a measly $10 and it took less than five minutes. The gentleman who assisted me told me they were a family-owned business and that they have five employees who have been working for the store for at least thirty years EACH. People, if you want to keep it local, this is the way to do it. Excellent service from a company that obviously treats their employees well. They certainly had one very satisfied customer today.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,1/28/2014,151,233,1,13,10>The day after a burger fest type meal, I wasn't feeling anything heavy for lunch.I really wanted something light yet satisfying, no meat and made fresh.Well wouldn't you know, just there beyond the intersection of 45 and I-35, lies a so subtle location of Premier Raw Cafe. Sitting adjacent to THE PREMIER CENTER - which is a dietary/nutritional company, is the cafe.When you drive up, you might be looking right at it, and only after you see the sign, you recognize that there is a restaurant there.Freshly squeezed Raw juices, Check.... Salad and Soups, Check.... Sandwiches made on gluten free and "raw" bread, Check.... Locally Raised Grass Fed Bison Burger, Check check....Chef Lisa took our order, as I mentioned earlier, was looking for yummy veggie, not burgers, so I skipped the Bison for now, gonna have to come back for that one.... ANYWAY... Sat down, Food came out 10 minutes later, freshly prepared, and DELICIOUS, Light and Satisfying.....Overall, great find for lunch, and they also serve breakfast....WE WILL BE BACK, JACK!!!!!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,1/27/2014,71,150,4,11,10>Yay! We've been tracking this for a long time now. East Side Kings opened it's brick and mortar location on South Lamar today, Thursday, December 26th. We rushed in at 1:00 pm to get a taste, and the line was, as expected, to the door. Luckily Jaye B. was in line and we had a nice chat. :) East Side Kings handled their first day on the south side like super champs. Everything was organized and there was enough seating to go around, apparently because there were a lot of to-go orders. The art on the walls was created by the famous Peelander-Z musician, see posted photo. But his artist name is Peelander Yellow. (Here's a video of his music about tacos, with local Austin taco establishments featured: youtube.com/watch?v=9Evh . He's obviously a foodie, since he also has a song about steak, S.T.E.A.K.). The music inside was good, though I doubt the lunch rush was sampling the juke box. And the food was just super yum. FOOD: --We had the #1 Thai Chicken Kara-agi: the crispy chicken thighs were layered with a sweet and spicy sauce and there were lots of herbs (basil, mint, cilantro) mixed in. There were a few too many jalapenos, but this was one of my favorites. --We had the #2 Pour Qui Bun that is pork belly in a steamed bun with hoisin and cucumber kimchi. It was as you might expect it to be, and really yummy. I will be having more of these in the future. --We had the #3 Beet Home Fries: a very large portion of fried beets served in kewpie may. --We had the #4 Brussel Sprouts: I think these are the same that they serve at other locations, with the little fried steam buns layered on top. When I think of Paul Qui, I initially think of brussel sprouts, because they did so well at Uchiko, and because he made them on the Top Chef show. These delectable little veggies live up to the hype.--Finally, we had the #11 Tako Taco, which is what brought me in: butter poached octopus, tobiko, veggie ceviche in a fried moo shu wrap. This was an adventurous dish and I was pretty glad I tried it, but felt that the fried moo shu wrap was a little unwieldy. I could also eat their veggie ceviche straight--it's that good.Everyone was drinking some exotic pink drink that came from the soda machine that I'll have to go back and try in the future. I do have one question: what IS that little hermaphroditic beaver-like animal in the front that they are hugging in the Chronicle photo? austinchronicle.com/dailAll in all, it was a busy little exciting place to be for lunch. The parking and the wait time in line were easy peasy on the first day, but I do wonder what this might turn into in the future. All in all, it was excellent, and we have plans to return soon, maybe tomorrow.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/26/2014,96,421,3,9,4>Still the best brisket in town.  With all due respect to Franklin's, LA Barbecue, Salt Lick, and any of the Lockhart establishments you are still playing second fiddle to the A--Hole King of BBQ John Mueller.The bark on his brisket can still not be touched by anyone.  If brisket holds the key to your heart skip Franklin's, avoid the drive to Salt Lick, and just head over to east Austin and grab some Mueller's.If brisket is not your thing then you can always go for the beef rib or turkey.  The beef rib has a tenderness that somehow melts in your mouth yet remains on the bone.  I am fairly certain he is injecting these with something that reacts to human saliva but I cannot confirm this.  More research needed...  The turkey is good as well, the key here is that its moist and really holds its flavor, but get here early this runs out quickly.I like that the new location has more space and a band on Saturdays to keep you entertained during the wait.  If you have time restraint issues I would highly recommend heading over here on a weekday because Saturdays can be a madhouse.The only thing I am not a fan of is his BBQ sauce, luckily his food is so good it does not need sauce, Most people seem to like it so maybe its just me.  I just wish it had a bit more kick to it.  Either add some spice or extra black pepper and it would be gold.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,1/25/2014,739,709,23,26,26>I KNOW this is Austin.  You can wear flip-flops to Flemings and cargo shorts to church.  But sometimes a girl wants to dress up, pretend that she's in a movie or another time.  I can't think of a better reason to gussy up than going to a jazz club.  Jazz can even make a girl like me feel classy.  I was especially interested to see what they'd done to the old Skinny's.  "Classy" was never a word I would associate with Skinny's but that was before.  Now, we have wing chairs, comfy booths, and chandeliers.  We walked in early on a Sat, being the old folks we are, we got there right before nine and had our choice of seats.  Our waitress was prompt in bringing the menu and then throughout the nite, providing our martinis.  We had come specifically to check out Jeff Lofton who was due to play 9-12.  In my mind I'm thinking "Yeah, it SAYS 9:00 but bands in this town can't physically start before ten.  That would be too......un-cool."  But, no.  Jeff got on stage at 9 straight up and said, "Ok, we're ready." and launched into some great jazz music.  None of this "mike...check....similance....similance...."  These were obviously very talented musicians.  He and his band just took the stage and then took my heart.  Amazing music, for free, at a "decent" hour in Austin TX.  Who would of thunk?So, yeah, we'll definitely be back.  I felt like a total Bond girl, dressed to the nines, decollete properly on display,  sipping my martini, surrounded by swank, letting my hand slide slowly up hubby's thigh (checking for weapons :).  It's nice to live the fantasy every now and then, yes?
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,1/23/2014,258,244,9,19,10>What is that smell? Cooking white wine and Old Bay. Breathe in deep!Off and on for years, we would just come early Tuesday evening. Tuesdays from 6-8 or 9 pm they have $2 tacos and $2 draft beer. You must wait to order until 6pm. Then, it was a mad house and not efficient. Now that they are more than double the original size, my experience has improved! It is such a nice layout, though a bit difficult to navigate when the line goes from three people to 15 in less than five minutes. The two for one fish tacos still bring in the crowds of hipsters, but at least we can find a place to sit. They are served warm (the tacos, not the hipsters) and the salsas are still fresh; my favorite, the mango salsa, never disappoints. I remember when these fish tacos used to be busting at the seams on two-for-one night, but now this is only true on non-two-for-one night. The best was the red snapper fish taco, which I hope they bring back!I have had close to half of the menu items, if not more. There are three basic ways to have your fish: fried (duh), grilled, and blackened. The blackened can be a bit greasy, but works well with the tilapia. After the first three times, I now get everything grilled. The fish is so fresh that any other way causes you to miss out on the fresh taste. The trout is amazing, it just falls apart, but the sauce is so buttery I have to get it on the side. The grilled salmon is a huge serving but delicately cooked, which is difficult for the average seafood restaurant. QS's salmon flakes off into perfect bites, never overcooked, and when you chew them you feel like you are chewing soft clouds. Next, you want to know: how are those fancy specials? The ones that cost more? The buttery Parmesan grilled oysters are fun to watch being prepared. Flashes of fire and smiles come from the grill. We waited until a special occasion to order them since they are pricey (close to $17 for a dozen). Everyone couldn't get enough of them. The raw oysters are good, but the grilled are decadent and filling so don't order a rich entree if you order those as your app. The crab cakes were fine, but I prefer just the regular fish and shrimp entrees. Oh, the peel and eat and shrimp cocktail are tender and huge. Every Saturday, we see the lobster deal (currently $20 for just the lobster). Best deal on the menu! I am a strictly tail and claw appreciator. No sucking the body or legs for me. The lobster was cooked perfectly. I don't think they are cooked to order, but they are cooked in small batches throughout the day; at least, that is what it looked like. With all that said, it is a four-star experience, not five. Every side they offer is a let down except for the garden salad. The pasta salad, potato salad, and cole slaw are too limp and flavorless. The mac and cheese is a big hit with kids but too mushy for me. The servers and cashiers are friendly and make sure that everything comes out correctly. The busers work hard and always smile. They work so hard and are always in good spirits. QS is so big now and the wait in line and for your food can be agonizing when you are hungry. You might want to grab a beer and some saltines from the bar as you walk in so that you don't pass out while standing in the line to order.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/22/2014,68,100,,24,12>Plum Natural Nail Spa is located in the Trails at 620 shopping area (it's in the same area as the Moviehouse & Eatery). We walked in on a Friday early afternoon to see if we could get in. One of the first things I noticed was the smell. It smells wonderful in here. That's a theme. Everything smells wonderful. They were able to accomodate us and we were offered water, beer, or wine (possibly iced tea, I can't recall). I had white wine and my husband had water. We looked over the services and both decided on the glow manicure/pedicure. They have different scents you can add to your experience. My husband got the mint/eucalyptus blend and I got the South Seas blend (coconut and lemongrass...and maybe another scent in there). They had a nice selection of nail colors (OPI and Zoya), but not so many that you would wonder about how fresh they are. The hot towels are hot and everything seems very clean. The screen on our side was showing movies with subtitles, which seemed a nice difference from talk shows and news (and they were the sort of movies that you wouldn't feel weird about your kids seeing if you wanted to bring them for a pedicure). The quality of the pedicure and manicure is wonderful. They even said if I did smudge a toe, to come back in the next day to have it fixed, which I thought was nice. The manicure isn't done while you are in the pedicure chair...it is done in a separate chair for manicures. The whole process was quite lesiurely. I don't know what scrub they used on my hands, but it smelled like it had ylang-ylang in it. I couldn't stop smelling my hands. The cost of the glow mani/pedi combo was $65, but it is for an hour and a half, and we definitely were not rushed at all. It really does feel like a spa experience. They also have what they call "The Plum Experience" that changes every 6-8 weeks, which they say is a nail treatment based on the season. That piqued my interest and I may try that next. My husband also seems quite pleased with his experience. I'm sure we'll be back. The service was very smooth, the people were warm and welcoming and skilled, and the location is great for us. This is a welcome addition to the Four Points area!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/21/2014,611,369,7,14,12>I could live and die in this bar. I want to be here all the time. It's got a humongous outdoor space, a delicious pizza truck connected to it (Via 313), and some of the cheapest damn well drinks in town (about $2.50). Same goes for beer. I thought I'd be able to elaborate more, but I think what I just said completely sums it up. If that isn't compelling enough, I don't know what to tell you. This place is great, and I love that they always have two things playing: a funny movie, and sports. Everyone wins!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,1/20/2014,77,205,2,8,4>We stopped by last night during their soft opening.  Okay, it was more that we saw the open sign and then we saw ourselves teleported in immediately, because it's Epoch and we have been greatly anticipating its opening.The new Epoch Coffee is located between Madam Mam's and Lofty Dog just southeast of the Alamo.  They had a light menu and were obviously still working out kinks but the space is open, clean and modern.  Plenty of tables and a wide open bar for grabbing coffee and pastries.  They said they'll be making sandwiches in house.  I ordered a pastry from Russell's which is always amazing and my husband got the spicy, strong chai, which is also being made in-house.  All in all, a great late-night addition to the Village area in a place that sorely needs late-night coffeehouses.  I look forward to spending lots of time here!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/19/2014,1335,96,4,7,5>I bought my first ever $10 jar of pickles from the Pogue Mahone guy at Barton Creek Farmer's Market and was very impressed, so impressed in fact that I have gone back and bought at least ten more jars from him or his cohorts over time.  That's over $100 in pickles that I've bought from Pogue Mahone.  There's a reason for it, and you just need to find out why for yourself.  BTW, I prefer the sliced pickles rather than the spears, because sometimes I just don't feel like eating a whole spear. and I'd hate to waste even one bite of these precious jewels.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,1/18/2014,289,450,8,13,11>I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Pros -Great draft beersamazing jukebox free board games to playpool tablesfoosballdart boardsPING PONGnice patioBroccoli cheddar beer soup!  Friendly kitchen staffCons - liquor prices are higher compared to neighbors/similar bars in areathe sandwiches (I've tried) are just OKbartenders aren't nearly as friendly as kitchen staff.  I know, I know.  That's F*CKING WEIRD.  It's like bizzaro world.  The parking situation can be meh.Overall, I've never had a bad night here.  In fact, one night my battery died and bartenders and patrons helped me beyond belief.  The guy who jumped me off's car wouldn't start my battery so he LEFT and came BACK with his truck!  How's that for neighborhood friendliness?!  The cons are so stupid and not even an issue.  Thanks Gourmands for being who you are!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,1/17/2014,139,134,13,14,11>What???!!! Mike V. didn't finish his whole bowl of pho?????!!!!! Wait, I need to ask you a few questions.................Weren't you hungry?--YesDid it taste good---YesWere you sick---No, but it probably would've helped my cold if I had oneThen why didn't you finish your pho?-----Because I didn't know they were going to bring me a swimming pool full of perfectly cooked noodles and amazing broth! Wow! What an experience.... These guys know how to PHO!Quick service, outstanding pho, and GIGANTIC portions, all at a great price....I'm in!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,1/16/2014,315,239,21,16,17>I ate bulls' balls and I liked it.The taste of that crisply fried meat. I ate bulls' balls just to try it. Hope my vegan friends don't mind it. It felt so wrong, it felt so right Don't think I'm weight-watching tonight... Beside the decadent "cowboy caviar" (which I always called "Rocky Mountain Oysters"), Searsucker offers a delicious array of other beautifully presented dishes from the rest of the circle of life: fresh from the sea hamachi poke with a sweet onion relish, buffalo chicken meatballs on bamboo skewers, sauteed mushrooms with skillet toast, duck fat fries with tomato jam, and that's just a few of the starters! I've enjoyed 3 visits to Searsucker now, and I have to say that this has become one of my favorite new restaurants in town this year. Service has been phenomenal. The food (whether comfort food with a twist or haute cuisine) and craft cocktails are always a pleasure. Also nice, the place offers comfortable space for a casual large gathering or an intimate dinner for two.Don't miss the excellent happy hour deals. You have your choice of $5 wine, $3 draft beers, or $5 house-made infusions, plus a few small plates for $4-$7 from 4:30p-6:30p weekdays and after 5p on Sunday.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/15/2014,163,277,10,15,10>SO IMPRESSED. Yeah, all caps. I've been watching this place get checked into, bookmarked and reviewed on for a while now- so it was only a matter of time before I hit them up. Last night was that night. I've watched this thing go up for what seems like a year. It sat empty for a while. Like one of those construction projects that went bad, funding or whatever.. and then all of a sudden its a damn market and gas station! Not only is it a market and a gas station, its a DAMN FINE ADDITION to the community! I was thoroughly impressed with everything. Seriously. It was FREEZING in there last night, but conversation was plentiful. The folks behind the counter were super friendly, and the vibe of everyone in there as just as friendly. Every age, race and monetary background were up in here eating, ordering, or picking up an order. Loved it! Food was GREAT. Im hella picky,  but trusted in my fellow Yelpers in knowing something here would make me happy. Settled on the Pulled Pork sandwich- hot damn! The Southwest Turkey & Avocado- cold damn! Tenders for the kids, and a few of the desserts. The most dangerous part about this place is that most of their desserts are freakishly well priced, and too damn close to home for my waistlines comfort! (see pix) Beer, wine, cider, ale drinkers... wholly schmolly... this place IS BEYOND STOCKED!! They have an entire wall full of just ales, ciders, beer... then the regular gas station brands. This place caters to a good pallet, carries local goodies, and is open late for the area. Come check them out! Eat and watch TV on the patio. I know Ill definitely be back!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,1/14/2014,259,309,9,17,14>Tacos & Margaritas!Awesome place for breakfast tacos! They are HUGE. Range from $2.00-2.50. Great place for Bacon egg and cheese or Carne de Puerco Verde tacos! Aww they're soooo Delicious from this place. Don't forget to order some Ice Cold Horchata! Great StuffMargaritas: Aghhh! Where do I begin?? This place is like the Margarita Mecca of Inventing New Margarita Flavors. I had the Mango Jalapeno Margarita and my friend had the Coconut Cucumber Margarita. They give you the option to Create-Your-Own...with 13 Flavors to choose from!Oh and the interior has been redecorated! New seating and everything!We'll definitely be back!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,1/13/2014,4221,482,18,16,16>Been coming here the past 2  years w/ my petite ABR Boxer Patsy Cline.  The Pros:  it's close to my place, it's fenced-in, chairs & tables in the shade, running water for the dogs, ample space to run around.  But it's not Disneyland:  no body of water; it's very muddy after rain.  I feel some owners could pay more attention to their dogs during play to avoid the occasional ruckus.  And BTW my Patsy is perfect & it's never ever her fault.  It could be cleaner; it's located at a busy traffic area which can get loud, and a recent rash of car break-ins (uncommon) so lock ur doors people!One highlight is the array of personalities & characters you'll encounter.  Everyone is generally friendly & approachable, cliques form over time & I've made some nice friends which is always a good thing.  The primary clique calls themselves "City Council", you'll notice them sitting 2ge+her in a row much like a City Council, it's a very diverse group.   So allow me to present to you The Norwood Estate Dog Park City Council: - Councilman J.P, aka "The Pilot" leans to the Left even though his family is deeply rooted to the Right.  His Siberian Husky is Nico who is very playful & energetic.  J.P entertains us w/ family stories, current events as he's also in the process of earning his Wings. When he's ornery he's "Captain Sum Ting Wong", when he's mad it's like "Ho Lee Fuk", & unless his beau David is there to calm him it turns into "Bang Ding Ow". J.P. was recently hired as a pilot w/ Asiana Airlines even though he's only complied 150 total flight hours!  Good luck (to everyone)!- Councilman David "The Academic":  J.P's beau leans Left & helps keep an eye on Nico, he's very affectionate w/ all the dogs.  He's shy at first but warms up quickly, avoids conflict & controversy, & loves to be intellectually stimulated.  He's usually at St. Eds keepin an eye on the student body and is a well-known drug seeker, Oxytocin is his primary drug of choice.  - Councilman Connor aka "Dazed & Confused"- J.P & David's tagalong comes to play w/ Nico & loves to play w/ other dogs.  Connor is deeply rooted to the Right yet supports the Tea Party & Libertarian efforts.  He comes from Houston Royalty but you'd never know it, he avoids attention & prefers to blend in and chill out.  His eyes usually match the color of his hair - a hint of Panama Red.  - Councilwoman "Let" aka "Minnie Mouse": the newest addition was unanimously voted in.  She's the silent & shy type & is Way off to the Left.  Quiet as a mouse she prefers to listen more & talk less, at times you'd never know she was there yet she always gets her 2 cents in.  Let has 2 lovely Retriever-mix dogs who are sweet as sugar.  Let's daughter AmberAlert better be reading her summer book list (assigned by her BF)- Councilman Brian aka "Gandolf", "The Peacekeeper", "Mr. Baywatch", or "Mr. Livestrong" is a senior council member.  A formidable presence, Brian walks softly yet carries a big stick as he's has seen it all @ Norwood & always has words of wisdom to share - should u have an hour (or 2) to spare.  Yes - some of our ears have fallen off as Brian dislikes conflict & does his best to be impartial & diplomatic which can put him on other side of the table.  But that doesn't bother Mr. Baywatch - who moonlights as a Lifeguard - he doesn't sweat the small stuff & focuses on his true loves:  rescuing drowning damsels in distress, cozying up to Lance (he framed the bike seat used in all 7 Tours*), cable TV & his dog Coli.- Councilcouple "SarahSyPhyllis" bring their 3 lovely dogs who love to frolic as much like their owners do. Both are highly intelligent as Phyllis takes the lead & isn't afraid to speak her mind & rationalize as Sarah chills w/ a bottle of DeepEddyVodka connected to her I.V feeding her insatiable appetite. Last but not least is Councilwoman Nancy "The Mayor":  a senior member who's held the title "Mayor" since the inception of Council.  We didn't even know the Mayor position existed until Nancy put the gold plate on her door.  She said she won by 1 vote (hers) out of a total of 1 vote (hers).  When Council talks recount or re-election Nancy starts a Filibuster & takes the floor w/ her best tennis shoes & starts to rant & rave until the sun goes down, & by then it's time to adjourn.  Light on tact yet heavy on policy+discipline she carries a big stick & enforces the laws in Robocop-like fashion by relentlessly confronting violators.  Her large white poodle Rufus is always at her side in support w/a wet beard & excess saliva unless he's digging in the trash for food or eating plastic army men.  Underneath that hardened shell is - well - another hardened shell, & underneath that is a sweet animal-loving gal who just wants to be loved & accepted in harmony.  Nancy may be cast in a role in "Orange is the New Black" - now that's a marriage made in....prison.      Don't be shy, come out & say hi to City Council! They're pretty harmless, & no one bites - just nibbles!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/12/2014,246,155,19,18,19>It was October 11, 2013 when I officially ruined Christmas. I had been planning since the beginning of the summer to get boudoir photos taken and surprise Hubs for the holidays this year. The problem is that when it comes to surprises, my brain goes into four-year-old-mode and my mouth becomes about the size of Dallas. I. CAN'T. HELP. IT.In the months leading up to photo shoot day, I asked Hubs EVERYDAY (again, think four-year-old-mode) if he wanted to know what his Christmas gift was going to be. Every time, he would firmly reply, "No, I like waiting. I want to be surprised."Well, after much anticipation, shoot day did finally come. I tried my damndest to keep my mouth shut. I made up that I was attending a salon/spa Yelp event...at 8am on a Saturday...carrying a big duffel bag...so that was why I was going to come back with my hair and make up done. I know, SUPER fishy. I'm a terrible liar. But that kid is so trusting and all he said was, "Have fun!"My experience with the ladies of deBoudoir Austin was awesome from the moment that I stepped into the studio until the moment that I left after choosing photos. Rachel Leigh was so helpful when I was shopping for lingerie, and she skillfully infused my fine, flat hair with the kind of volume that any southern lady would be envious of. When I was all ready, Alina took over the reins, and I can honestly say that I have not met a more talented photographer. Photography is an art- some people have the gift to do it well and some people don't. I'm pretty sure this lady could even make my dog (no offense, Lilly) look like she belongs in Playboy. The last person who I worked with was the manager, Rachel. She was incredibly down to earth and easy going, and her input was very valuable when it came down to going through the 130+ beautiful photos and choosing my favorites. So this journey began with four year old Ann, and trust me, it ends with four year old Ann as well. After I finally chose the photos that I didn't want to live without, I left the studio- giddy as shit- to meet Hubs for dinner. I WAS going to at least make myself wait to print the photos and put them in an album or scrapbook before I presented them to him, but...umm...yeah, that didn't happen. I consulted with my staff (i.e., me, myself, and a 750 mL bottle of beer) and made the executive decision to pull up the photos online (you have full rights to the photos that you purchase) and show him that night. He was speechless."Best present you've ever received?""Um. Yes. By FAR."Fast forward a day later, and I'm now having the photos developed and will start physically putting together the gift today. I'm probably going to end up handing that over early too. Big surprise, huh? So it isn't even Halloween yet and Hubs has pretty much already gotten his Christmas present for this year. He doesn't seem to mind THAT much though.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,1/11/2014,146,505,4,8,7>We could not WAIT to try Arro, a new French inspired restaurant on 6th Street.  After hearing about a positive soft opening, we did not get over there until after its official opening.  And it has been discovered.  Saturday night was busy, and the restaurant would not accept our table for 4 reservation.  We were assured that they'd not be busy.  However, upon arrival, they were hoppin!  So, the hostess called that one wrong.  We waited for about 30 minutes, which was far from an evening ruiner, but come on guys.... seriously.  You won't take reservations for fewer than 5?  There goes a star.The bar area is sleek, cool, mahogany laden, suitable for drinking, hanging around, or eating.  If I go back my myself - which is likely - I'd sit at the bar.  Bartenders were accommodating, but this IS 6th Street, so your guests probably look for a little more innovation in your drink menu.  There was an extensive, good looking wine list, but only a few cocktails to inspire us.  So, we stuck with wine. Instead of germy disc of vibrating reminders, the restaurant texts you when your table is ready.  I liked that, since I don't like the germy coasters that seem to don every fast casual restaurant from Café Express to Chilis.  Good call.Our table was situated in the middle of the action - close to the bar..  However, everywhere was in the middle of the action on this night, since they were busy.  Service was attentive to a fault, with our very nice waiter asking us 11 times (I counted) how we were liking everything.  So, that part could chillax a little.Now to the food.   I could have knocked the store down another star for the need for a more innovative drink menu and the VERY high noise level, but the food made up for any error.  The best deal in town is the 3 course menu for $25.  I mean, really?  French cuisine, fabulous choices for $50 a couple?  Let's go!  We had one lobster bisque and one herb salad both lovely.  For dinner I chose the mussels and frites (never paired those two) and the croque monsieur - both PERFECT.  Dessert choices were lemon goat cheese tart - savory and lovely with their coffee and a rosewater profiteroles.  I am usually not allowed to order profiteroles, but hubby let me.   I knew I would love them which I did, but even hubby - the profiterole hater - enjoyed them too!    We would have been perfectly sated with those items, but we wanted to try more.  So, we went for the cheese board, adding the venison liver mousse.  Now, the cheese board you can find anywhere, but the venison pate - that is definitely worth a try, since it's pretty rare.  If you are a pate type, you will certainly love the velvety texture and pleasantly gamey finish.  Winning!For a French restaurant, the design and experience is very unpretentious, which seems rare.  I felt that the atmosphere, crowd, and general vibe were as cool as any hipster wine bar and as current as any yuppie watering hole.  Arro wins on the first try.  I hopeful some corrections will be made as they get their legs.  In the meantime, I have already picked out what I want when I return.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,1/10/2014,35,142,5,11,7>Want to practice your parkour moves? Want to climb a rope and jump into a foam pit? Want to battle it out with a foam bat? If you answered yes to any of these questions then this is the place for you.So two days later and it still feels like my arms are going to fall off. Apparently my cargo net climbing muscles don't get much of a workout on a regular basis. I went to Hot Lava with a group of Yelpers and had a blast. It's a small place, but there are a lot of things to play with. The owner couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. I'd highly suggest coming here with a group or if you have kids that want an indoor playground.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,1/9/2014,283,230,15,15,14>Right now in my life I'm on a yogurt binge spree.  True story I will three wheel motion my suv if I see a place and screech in just to cheat.  It's my body's way of sabotaging any progress I'm making on p90x.  So here goes....****THIS IS MY FAVORITE YOGURT PLACE HANDS DOWN!!!!!****First of all I grew up on TCBY white chocolate mousse and I will drive all the way down to MLK just to get some on occasion.... NO MORE!  They have it.  And they have cheesecake and salted carmel pretzel and all kinds of flavors to aid my binge.   The white chocolate mousse was heaven heaven heaven!they have one million toppings and I love how they are all in different vintagey jars.  It really makes the place feel homey and comforting.  I guess it's a good thing I'm 34 and nearing the ages where you start to let yourself go, because I'll be here erreday erreday getting started.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,1/8/2014,148,257,3,6,8>I went to Aviary for the first time this weekend and was surprised! My bf and I met friends here, and I didn't have time to check the reviews. I actually thought it was just a home decor store so I was really confused as to why we were meeting them here. We walked in and it was this cute space with a high ceiling, fun furniture, and a wine bar! We ordered drinks and a charcuterie plate. They have amazing pates (we had the bison and duck) and also a selection of cheeses (ordered the gruyere to paire with the pate). The ambiance was nice, it felt like we were hanging out at someone's home. Very relaxing and comfortable. I'd come back!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,1/7/2014,286,209,30,31,34>Hey!... You gonna read this review or what?Hit up this brilliant red trailer and order the Shiner Monte Cristo. This double decker sandwich, with all of its meaty, cheesy goodness, will blow you away. Seriously. My socks were rocked. Shiner Bock batter? How could you resist? In the interest of full disclosure, I'm not one to like sweet mixed with savory. I really hate when my lunch or dinner includes a sweet taste - I don't know why, but I just can't do it. (Imagine my surprise when I tried pad thai for the first time. Never, never again.) They put powdered sugar on this sandwich and it comes with a homemade cherry fig jelly. You might be asking yourself, "Why would you order such a sandwich when you don't like sweet mixed with savory?" Because I trust in the power of Yelp, that's why. I knew you couldn't all be leading me astray. The reviews convinced me this would be one of the greatest things I could ever consume and, by golly, y'all were right. That jelly is fucking delicious and it tastes great on the sandwich. It's $10, but don't balk at the price. This sandwich is HUGE. It's easily enough for two meals, so think of it as two $5 meals. That is a steal for the level of care put into making this sandwich. I'm not even kidding - it looked fantastic. (And there are these extra bits of crunchy batter on the outside of the sandwich that you can just break off and crunch on. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.) Hell, I'd pay $10 just for half the sandwich, too. It's that good and I guarantee you, it is worth every penny. Included in the price are delicious homemade chips and a drink. I passed on the drink, but they offer good stuff, from what I saw. (Pretty sure you can get Mexican Coke here. That makes them awesome in my book.) Those chips are excellent - so crisp, so fresh, just the right amount of sea salt. And they don't skimp on them, either - they give you a generous portion. The sandwich is so filling that I ate it over the course of 10 hours. One of my coworkers got super excited when he saw I had a Monte Cristo - he took a bite, entered food heaven, walked away, and then came back less than two minutes later to take another huge bite. I had to fend for my sandwich's life!I also really liked the sayings all over the trailer. They say they're rude, but I thought the lady who took my order was super sweet. She let me know that there were two orders ahead of me and that it might be a bit of a wait since they make everything fresh. I told her not to worry - I don't mind waiting when I know it's going to be worth it. (I didn't even wait that long, anyway!)So, let's sum up:* Ridiculously delicious sandwich - check* Fresh, crispy homemade chips - check* Excellent deal - check* Sweet service - check* Are they Keeping Austin Weird? - double checkHey!... You gonna go order a sandwich or what?
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,1/6/2014,80,213,10,12,14>This is the single greatest burger I've ever had. Don't get me wrong--this place isn't for the faint of heart, the elderly or those guys who hand out religious pamphlets on Dirty Sixth. It's dark, the music's loud and the movie selection is awesome. By awesome, I mean we walked in to Evil Dead II and left at the beginning of Sukiyaki Western Django. Bruce Campbell would like some sugar fo' that...baby. Personally, I believe the old adage holds true: if it's too loud, you're too old. Well, maybe that's an ageist assumption--I know some very cool old farts. If it's too loud, you're...well, there's always Hopdoddy, I suppose, but it's a significant drop in quality from Casino El Camino's menu. Don't expect to have a nice, quiet, private conversation in here. I mean, you can, but you'll have to speak up and you'd rather be stuffing your face with delicious food anyway. Given that my car got t-boned that weekend and I was in logistical and financial panic mode about getting another one ready to race in September, I wasn't much on talking, but I was certainly up to eating my feelings. This is a great place to do that. So, about that food...this is the greatest burger I've ever had, and I'm not even exaggerating. The meat wasn't "well-done," and by that, I mean it wasn't the safe-for-everybody, sterilized down charcoal briquette that many places like to pass off as a burger in the name of overzealous food safety. The patty was wonderfully juicy, with just the right amount of grease and a perfectly pink center. The toppings were top notch, from the bun to the peppers. Their token spicy menu item wasn't the hottest burger I've ever had, but everything was so perfectly grilled and deliciously carmelized on top that it didn't need to be. I hate potatoes, and I will tell you to order the green chile cheese fries. They're covered with such a delightful layer of verde salsa and cheese that they no longer taste like potatoes--they taste like love, joy and happiness. I didn't even need to reach for the mayo with these..though I did reach for a fork. Go. Eat. Cheer up; you've got meat. Order your food at the window at the back. You can pick up a drink at the bar on the way in, or you can sit down and wait for a waitress to make her rounds around the place. The staff are about as friendly and helpful as can be. Best burger ever. Not even a contest.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,1/5/2014,49,79,4,9,8>A drive in right in the heart of Austin? You bet! Prepare your GPS ahead of time or do recon prior to heading out in the dark because this little gem is tucked away off 51st, taking your down tiny roads behind an industrial park, and there are no marquee lights to guide you.  Upon arrival the place looks like Zombieland.  A small handcrafted ticket booth and wide open parking greets you.  You can park to the side and set up your folding chairs right in front of the screen, rent vintage speakers to set outside your car, or stay put and tune into the FM station.  Blue Starlite has an inflatable screen similar to Alamo's traveling shows.  Don't forget to visit the cute concession stand for popcorn and vintage candies.(Forego the pretzels and fake cheese sauce. You've been warned)  The best news: you can BYOB and BYO snacks/picnic!  Package deals are available and there's a 1/2 price walk-in package on one of the daily discount sites.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/4/2014,178,284,4,6,5>It has the reminiscent feel & high quality drinks of a NY meat district bar.... but without the cover charge & pretentious fan base infiltrating it's every square inch of space. Can't speak for the food since we ate elsewhere, but the cocktails are legit. You'll pay a pretty penny ($12/pop to be exact), but take note, you're NOT on dirty 6th. You'll get what you pay for.  Experienced bartenders who know what they're doing. If you don't believe me, sit at the bar. Take note, if you get any drink with something dark and round at the bottom. Do me a favor and ENJOY that delicious LUXARDO cherry. It's the best part of the whole cocktail. Trust me. Unless you're really wanting to flash your Benjamins, I'm sure you won't be buying rounds for anyone here. More like a place you'd come to catch up with a good friend...or a treat on a Friday after a REALLY long week.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,1/3/2014,63,323,3,12,7>I am so, so happy that Maoz is in Austin. So far I'd only been to the Maoz in Amsterdam and NYC and thankfully their falafel is just as good when eaten outside the red light district. This place is hella sweet for vegetarians (disclosure: I'm not one). Everything in the restaurant is veggie, and the falafel is gluten free. I love the falafel here. It's perfectly spiced, fried, served on fresh flat bread, and there is an enormous (included) toppings bar to choose from. Personally I like the tomato and onion chutney followed by pickled things and garlic sauce and hot sauce, but they also have some amazing roasted broccoli and other salads. Fries are Belgian style, regular potato, sweet potato or combined. I eat them with mayonnaise, but they also have ketchup. I've heard rumors of curry ketchup available too. Their combos (drink, falafel, fries) are a really good deal, especially for lunch. Check it out!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/2/2014,110,659,3,8,7>Winebelly is a great new entrant to the Austin food scene, and presents yet another choices for Spanish-style tapas, which is great considering 3 months ago all we had was Malaga. In any case, we visited during their soft opening phase, but the food & service was all post-opening quality. Some highlights include the crispy pig ears, the orecchiette w/italian sausage, and for seasonal dishes, the tomato/melon salad and corn soup were exactly. Wash that down with a glass of wine or a wine cocktail, and you have a nice little neighborhood dining spot on your hands.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,1/1/2014,64,148,4,6,3>5 stars well deserved for this spot!One of the first restaurants I read about in Austin was this spot and I was very eager to visit. It was super easy to get to and find from our apartment for two people who have no clue of how to get around Austin (wth are these loops?!?). There was a light crowd when we walked in with a few empty seats at the bar that we snagged. We did not try the coffee (yet), but we did sample a few brews and two of the sandwiches, the turkey and brisket. That brisket sandwich is to DIE for. It was so finger licking delicious. The turkey sandwich was really good, too, but the brisket definitely trumped it.The layout of the building has an old warehouse feel, and I rather like it. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. It was nice hearing the owners and other staff joking around with the patrons. It gave the place a very laid-back, friendly vibe. As others have mentioned, this would be a great work spot.I can't wait to go back and try out their grilled cheese, which I hear is phenomenal (better than the brisket?!? I don't believe it). And of course to have some coffee, loose leaf tea (FTW!), and some more of the delicious beer options.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/30/2013,228,994,2,6,6>I so heart this place.  The place has a rotating wine menu and food selection.  The food selection is full of fresh seasonal unique offerings and gluten free options are clearly marked.  The wine menu is full of interesting selections from around the world.  Not just the boring typical places either. I knew I was going to like this place after seeing that they had options available from Greece.  Yes, Greece does have some good wine!  The staff were very knowledgeable about the menu and were friendly, just lovers of good food and wine, without the snobbish vibe.My friends and I were here for drinks and appetizers.  We tried the Gouda Chicken Nachos and were in heaven!  Probably the best nachos I have had.  The gouda cheese just really killed it.  I can't wait to come back as everything on the menu looked interesting.  Definitely can't wait to try the Greek wine!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,12/29/2013,139,109,11,14,13>I just don't come here often enough, and I don't know why.  I had a desire for fish & chips last night, and grabbed a couple of labmates and we headed here.  Man, they're just SO good here!  All three us had fish & chips (and a pint or two) and we were all very happy.  The only sad part was that Steve B. wasn't there (I guess he deserves a little time off now and then).  I don't see him as often as I should either.  I'm making a pledge to myself to stop by more often.  The bartenders were great, and I tried but couldn't get them to say anything bad about Steve.  I asked one of them "So, Steve's probably just phoning it in by now" and he said "Oh, we couldn't get by without him". Loyal staff plus good food and drink; can't beat that.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,12/28/2013,389,252,4,5,4>Before I made the move to Austin, Torchy's was highly recommended, so of course I had to come check it out when I got here. I ordered one chile verde pork taco and one order of chips and queso. The queso was one of the best I've ever had! It's a little bit spicy so to those that are wary of a little heat be careful. As for the taco, that was delicious too. The meat was flavorful and juicy and the salsa verde on the side help control the level of spice on it. I will definitely be back to try the other kinds of tacos they have, there are so many!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,12/27/2013,83,113,6,8,7>This is a pretty cool, newer trailer on North Loop right before it merges into the asphalt of Airport Boulevard. You might be tired of fusion tacos, but this is still worth a visit. I've had:- The Texican. Fried chicken and avocado, pretty good. - The Baja Fry. Tilapia and avocado, an excellent taco even with with Quality Seafood's offerings looming just down the street.- The Pineapple Pork. Pork carnitas and pineapple with scallions, also pretty good.- The Kim Lee BBQ. Korean BBQ pork with kimchi and scallions, on 2 toasted Hawaiian sweet rolls. This was amazing, a perfect blend of sweetness from the rolls and savory from everything else. It was like the ultimate stoner food (not a bad consideration keeping in mind the neighborhood around it, especially considering that they apparently deliver nearby until 10pm most nights. Hmm....).Most tacos are $3.75, with the exception of the larger items like the Kim Lee, which is $5.75 and deserves every penny of its price tag. This trailer seems to prefer corn tortillas for the tacos, which is fine with me. Next time I'll probably check out the Mexican Bun Dog, which puts sausage and bacon on the Hawaiian sweet rolls, and sounds too good to pass up.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/26/2013,100,112,9,8,8>I've only had a few things of the el-cheapo menu, but I have to be honest, Del Taco is pretty dang good y'all!  We made a pit stop here before Wurstfest - yes, we had food BEFORE Wurstfest.... I had the value bean and cheese burrito and taco. That burrito hit the spot. And for 50 freaking cents I had a delicious snack!  The burrito was full of beans, cheese, and red sauce (you also have the option of green). Importantly, no dang onions in it!  I know, I know, onions add flavor but I find this not to be the case at fast food places. Usually my onions are raw, not properly cooked and cut into way to large of chunks. So I was happy there were no onions. Both the burrito and the taco needed some additional sauce added though. The taco was good for the price, but I would definitely stick with the burrito!Judge me if you like, but I really enjoyed this el-cheapo food from Del Taco!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,12/25/2013,145,194,13,14,14>This place has so many pros, it probably deserves a sixth star.1. You can feel good about eating here - workers get paid a living wage, and they don't accept tips, so you get delicious food for completely fair-to-awesome prices. 2. I might have had the best grilled cheese of my life here (add avocado). Also, their fries are nearly perfect (beware, they are extremely garlicky, which makes them extra delicious but you might want to eat them only when you plan to be alone for hours after your meal). 3. They use Easy Tiger bread. So good. 4. They have so much delicious beer on tap. 5. They have darts, lots of indoor seating, and a big, dog-friendly patio. 6. They are conveniently located at Crestview Station, so you can take the train. 7. They are basically in my front yard. If you want to force me to give you some cons, I guess I'd say it can get really busy at times, so the line ups are long, and parking could be a challenge. And you have to bus your own table when you're done, so if you're lazy and entitled, that might bother you (but hey, at least you don't have to tip!). Otherwise, I can't think of a single reason why you shouldn't go here. Amazing food (lots of veg/vegan options, too), great prices, beer. And if you do go, text me and I'll be over in literally less than a minute (unless I'm not wearing pants or haven't showered. Then it might be a few minutes).
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,12/24/2013,704,840,22,18,21>When I got home after dining at Bufalina, I had a fresh purple hulled pea in my bra, wine dribbled on my blouse and ice cream smeared on my jeans.  During dinner, when I attempted to cut the lovely freshly roasted carrot in my salad, I flung veggies everywhere.  I had to reach over to the guy sitting next to me and extract a large piece of radish almost from under his thigh.  It's really not a wild and crazy restaurant so it may have been the glass of Montesecondo Chianti Classico Sangiovese. Ooooh, mama mia, it was good and it went straight to my head.  It was a bit pricey at $16 for a less than 6 oz. pour.  I was not eating the pizza but did share the Mozzarella daily special which was just hours old. Delicious with tiny cherry tomatoes, fresh arugala and lemony olive oil.The housemade desserts were good but not great.  I had my fair share (and probably more) of the caramel salt lick ice cream.  Communal seating is always interesting.  The sweet couple next to us passed their 4 month old baby over to be held.  How fun is that?!!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,12/23/2013,250,151,3,7,7>Best movie theater in Austin. Prices are much more reasonable than iPic also! This review is for the Dine-In portion of the theater. Plush comfy black leather chairs that recline into a cozy heaven. Push button blue lighting on the right hand side to notify the server that you need to place an order is super accommodating and better than the Alamo sheets placed in front of you. Be sure to use the seating chart accordingly on their website and book tickets ahead of time. Most good movies will fill up fast and there is a limited amount of show times for each show in the Dine-In section! I go out of my way to head up North to see a movie just for this spot. The food can use some tweaking, but one thing that is excellent if you like a spicy dish, is their Chili Rubbed Steak Salad, this bowl of leafy, meaty, spicy deliciousness will make you order a few more drinks to wash that spice down, (the Chef loves his spice) but it's well worth it and priced accordingly.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,12/22/2013,56,94,7,11,9>I LOVE Bombay Bistro!  This has to be one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to!  My husband and I had dinner here on our recruiting trip to Austin and after we finished dinner, I was so happy to know that we could get great Indian food if we moved out to TX from CA.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Vindaloo are SO GOOD!  We usually get medium spicy and it's just enough to please your palate for some spice but won't kill you or your tummy.  Their garlic naan is YUUUUUM!  I could eat just that all night and be perfectly happy.  Seriously.Their buffet is pretty good too although we usually end up eating the same 2 things all the time: tikka masala and vindaloo.  The restaurant is very nice and very clean with great service.  I don't think I've ever had to ask for a refill of water even.  They are very attentive to your needs.  I love everything about this place.  I just wish it was closer to home.  :(
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/21/2013,42,98,7,8,7>Hey you Far West Blvd. people, this is the place for an eyebrow wax! Being new to Austin I was worried I wouldn't find a place to replace my eyebrow wax lady from San Antonio (Mary VII Nail Salon, highly recommend if you're in the area). So after looking on Yelp for recommendations on brow waxes I decided that you people in Austin pay way too much for a simple eyebrow wax. Here's looking at you Beauty Jar ($25)!I happened to remember passing by a nail salon on one of my walks...er...runs and decided to give it a shot. No one else had reviewed Passion Nail Spa so it was a chance to be the first at something for once (considering I'll never be the first to cross a finish line, this review helps fill that void).I showed up and told an employee I was looking for a brow wax. She asked if I could return in 20 min. because they had some people in front of me. She added that she didn't want me to wait a long time. Stop the truck right there! I can't tell you how many times I've gone to salons in the past and they say "5 minuets" and 30-40 minuets I'm still there waiting. So the fact that they were honest enough with me about the wait and asked that I come back is a big plus. Fast forward through HEB sushi and 30 min later I was back at Passion Nail Spa. They took me right back to the room and began my eyebrow transformation.  The woman that did my eyebrow wax was excellent! She took her time with my curly - slightly old man eyebrows and waxed, plucked, cut (yes I said I cut), and lightly massaged my irritated skin to a whole new me! It's amazing what a good eyebrow wax can do for you face. She was quick but at the same time didn't skimp on giving me great service. Total: $10 (w/o tip).  Now you may be saying "This is a lot of review for just an eyebrow wax". Well maybe it is, but my money is precious to me. So when I find a place that I feel good about giving my money too for not only excellent service but kind customer service, I'm going to rave. Especially when people pay so much more for eyebrow waxes (Brazilian Wax Spa, eyebrow touch up"light tweezing" $17 ?! Who gets an eyebrow touch up anyways?!)
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,12/20/2013,43,213,,12,5>Welcome to the neighborhood, guys!My husband and I went into Blue Banjo Fajitas this weekend when we were our running errands around the neighborhood. It had everything that we look for in a fast local eatery; courteous staff, good food, good price and convenient location.I could see the fajitas being made to order so I knew that they were fresh. For under $6 I picked a 2-choice combo picking portobello and pork.  Both were really good. I would definitely recommend the pork.  Fajitas come with two tortillas, meat in a silver foil pan, and any toppings imaginable. You also get a choice between two rices and two types of beans.I was pleased with how clean the restaurant dining area was, how I could see my food being prepared and how kindly the staff working the counter treated us. The even came by to see how we liked our food.The quality is definitely there and with a convenient location right off of Mopac and Steck in the Lowe's parking lot, I bet Blue Banjo Fajitas catches on.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/19/2013,257,292,8,9,9>Sometimes I suffer from myopic vision in terms of seeing restaurants that aren't within Austin's city limits. Jack Allen's suffered from that, and more than they suffered, I suffered. I purchased a car in a town called "Round Rock" and took it in for some scheduled maintenance. On my way home, I saw the sign for Jack Allen's and considered my run of bad luck and said to myself "Go ahead. You earned it." Jack Allen's totally delivered.My server Rose was perfect. Attentive, nice, and a heck of a salesperson. Did I intend on ordering the vegetable soup? No. Did I want anything more than water? Not particularly, but that Treaty Oak Rum Pepperita was PRETTY delicious. I DID want the grilled veggie sandwich, which was chock full of zucchini, a portobello mushroom, tomato, and swiss. Finally, the clincher: dessert. I never order dessert, but when asked, I always ask what they have just out of curiosity. The more she kept talking, the more I kept getting convinced that dessert had to be done. Peach cobbler topped with vanilla ice cream. I destroyed it and enjoyed every delicious bite. On my first bite, I actually stopped to savor what was happening in my mouth. She was afraid that it was too hot and came over to check. That's how on top of her job she is. Their delicious pimento cheese sample that they greet you with was delicious enough to get me to leave with a mason jar of it. I was late to see Phillip B's recommendation to get to know Toby at the bar, but if he's as great as Rose is, I'm very much looking forward to my next visit. And I'll definitely need to check out their brunch. Head to Jack Allen's, people. I'm pretty sure you won't regret a second of it (and neither will your wallet!).
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,12/18/2013,120,239,5,5,4>I have zero bad things to say about this place. So I'll keep it short and sweet:Lobster Rolls (w/bacon) WINRolls are always generously stuffed with meat, fresh, and lightly dressed. Where else can you find a lobster roll for$12?! Go forth and eat "pinchy"
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,12/17/2013,100,113,6,17,10>It's finally here! A permanent place to stalk Paul Qui, and oh boy is the stalking good. I have been anticipating this opening since early Top Chef Season 9 when I knew he had this in the bag. I am glad to say Qui didn't let me down!Let's admit that chefs are in the pleasure business and a good chef is thoughtful and Qui exceeds at that in every way, the entire restaurant is thoughtful. Minimalism decor consisting of different grains of wood and steel and a fun graphic design that's subtly trippy. Qui has really procured his restaurant from the graphics, to the lighting fixtures, to the artisan serving plates, even the staff and it's all casually sexy. The tables are more like separated communal tables, but it works and stays flexible. The service was very friendly and unpretentious, the servers know their dishes and have tried everything, it's definitely on the full service side with lots and lots of water refills. I'd love to talk nonstop about the dishes, however given that the menu will constantly change (and it seems the best way to get their current menu is on FB) it wouldn't be particularly useful. The highs were incredible and the dishes that shouldn't be missed are the "ode to michel bras","not fried green tomato" and the "cheddar cheese ice cream sandwich" - the soup was silky and tasty beyond belief, the not fried green tomatoes were decadent and refreshing, and the cheddar cheese sandwich was subtle and texturally rewarding.  I love when an executive chef has seemingly impossible standards, and Qui will no longer eat eel anywhere but Japan, and I appreciated having the "catfish like unagi" however I could have gone for a little something else to help highlight the fattiness of the catfish. I think the "street urchin" should be ordered with the uni, I didn't order it this way and while I enjoyed it I didn't think it was special, but I could see where it would take the extra step with the uni. The "rabbit 7 ways" was awesome, whimsical, and interactive. I loved the flavors and I would come back for this dish alone-  but I've had better cooked rabbit loin, especially given that this was sous-vided.  I thought it was a nice touch that Lone Star was offered on the drink menu.While I wouldn't say it was perfect, I am certainly not disappointed! I'm excited and happy to finally see Qui open and I will return as often as my wallet allows.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,12/16/2013,102,132,5,6,4>I have to be honest I didn't come for the buzz, that was just a bonus.Seriously, I came for the BBQ out back.  The beer here is cold, It go well with the Blue Ox BBQ.  It's a great spot to hang with friends, drink beer, play washers, listen to some live music, and eat Blue Ox BBQ.This place is great spot to hang.  I'll be back soon!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,12/15/2013,184,184,2,10,9>It's been about a month since my LASIK, so I figured it's about time I write this review.I've been wearing glasses or contacts for about 20 years, and have been thinking about getting LASIK for the past several years.  I finally decided to research my options this year.  My insurance doesn't cover the surgery; instead they partner with a discount provider.  The only place in town that works with the discount plan was Eye Clinic of Austin, so I decided to give them a try for a consult.  I was run through all the tests and Dr Falknor told me I was an excellent candidate for the surgery.  When I spoke with the financing coordinator I found out that my discount plan only worked with the other doctor in the office, but that they would match the price I was quoted previously anyway.  That was a huge relief to me, since they were much more pleasant to deal with than the discount plan people (who had already been rude to me on the phone twice before).  So I took the plunge and scheduled my surgery.The day of my surgery was a breeze.  Before we got started they went over all of my before/during/after instructions again, just to make sure I didn't have any questions.  During my surgery the surgery coordinator soothingly explained every step as it was happening, so I was never freaked out or nervous.  From the time I got onto the operating table to the time I stood up to walk out was about fifteen minutes, and I could SEE when I left the room!  Getting LASIK is probably one of the best things I've ever done, and I've had such an amazing experience here.  Everyone in the office are friendly and helpful, from the receptionists all the way up to the doctors, and every visit to this office is a pleasant one.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/14/2013,257,697,7,8,9>These guys have got their flavors right!  The ultimate challenge in any kind of food is to try something new that seems too bold to be realistic, and yet taste good.  This place knows how to do the trick.  They will mix flavors like avocado, thyme, cilantro, lavender, marigold, cayenne pepper, beet, fresh mint, bitter chocolate, coffee, goat cheese, and much more in so many different ways just to bring your imagination and taste buds to life! There are a bunch of seasonal flavors so there's always something new to try. The portions are a bit small but always seems to be worth it either way.  The "fat" content compared to others is not so high(only 12%) and they even have vegan options.   I am pretty sure that the vegan flavors are the one that need to use coconut oil perhaps so if you want to give it a try then feel free vegan friendly's!  My personal favorite is the coconut avocado. The employees are amazing and always really nice, even if you ask for 4 samples of different flavors!!  The restroom is always really really really clean and smells so good.  The line is a bit long but honestly worth every minute of waiting. Parking is a bit tricky but there is also more parking in the back of the building.  I would take anyone here who hasn't tried it and already have brought many out-of-towners to show off an "austinite" place that is out of the norm for Houstoner's and Dallas'ites(?)  .... I love this place , LICK*
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/13/2013,43,174,4,5,4>Oh sweet cheezus, the jalapeno mac and cheese. The best mac and cheese I've had in Austin. And I've railed against this trend of putting breadcrumbs on top of macaroni and cheese, but here IT WORKS. If you're mainly interested in the "jalapeno" part you may be disappointed, as there were only a few on top. But it was a great flavor combination. After I placed my order, our server came back to the table to let me know that there was bacon in the mac and cheese and was I OK with that. Um, bacon? YES. TOTALLY ON BOARD THAT TRAIN. But I really appreciated that he let me know just in case I was a vegetarian or one of those mythical bacon-haters I hear people speak of (like the mysterious yeti, they must be out there, but I've never seen one). I can't even describe this stuff in words, just go eat it.Oh, and Banger's on a weekday at night in the summer is preferable to Banger's on a weekend at night during the winter. Even in the hellish Austin heat, just sit still, enjoy the music (they usually have live music), stuff your face with sausage, and enjoy. Also, they have Goose Island beer from Chicago. It's pricey, but it was nice to see a little piece (sip?) of home. (I could end this review with a horrible pun involving Banger's and my feelings on that mac and cheese, but I'm not going to. Because I am just that classy.)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,12/12/2013,105,112,6,9,7>Amazing pork belly, steak, and sides. Every bite of food was just perfection! Great location - close to the drag and essentially on campus if you want to take a nice after-dinner walk. Or maybe catch an IMAX movie at the Bob Bullock museum? The ONLY criticism i might add is that the atmosphere is a little sterile. Might be brightened up with a few flowers or decor. But not necessary if you're here on a food mission!Otherwise, good enough to keep the review short and sweet! A must - try for Austin foodies.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/11/2013,46,118,4,9,6>This was probably the most distracted I've been at a restaurant for dinner. You can't help but stop and admire all the beautiful parts of this building when you walk in. For me, that didn't stop throughout the meal. AND we were seated next to the kitchen opening, so we were entertained with waiters saying (or not saying and seeing the consequences) "corner" every time they passed. Good or bad, you decide for yourself.MojitoI went with the classic mojito, one of my favorite drinks, and it did not disappoint! Tasty and easy to sip throughout a meal.Watermelon, Coconut Vinegar, and Queso Fresco GuacamoleI had never had anything other than traditional guacamole so this was a great change. The guacamole was refreshing and the perfect constancy. I loved the watermelon and didn't really notice the coconut vinegar.The Hamachi CevicheOooOo ceviche of fire! My spicy tolerance is pretty low and it tasted a little fishier than I thought it would, so this dish wasn't my favorite, but it was good.Pork Belly on MasaThis dish is on a corn flatbread and it was proportionally good. The end piece of masa I got was hard, but the pork belly was fatty and meaty and moist. I liked the accompanying pear the best.Tortita de HeladoMy favorite dish of the night: a delicious ice cream sandwich! While the blondie is hard to bite and all the force into the cold ice cream was a little uncomfortable for my teeth, the dessert was perfectly accompanied by some kind of custard, blackberries, and crushed pistachio.The wait staff does a great job at making sure water is filled and plates are cleared, but our waiter seemed a little less friendly and focused, maybe because we leisurely went through the menu and meal. While the food definitely wasn't mediocre, I would for sure return for the restaurant experience and decor. Hopefully for brunch!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,12/10/2013,41,226,4,3,6>I passed by here a bunch of times on my bike, and often while hungry. I came really close to stopping so many times, but given that It's about 25-30 minutes from home, I figured it's not a great idea to stop and eat mexican, no matter how much I'm tempted.I was right of course. But thankfully I didn't have to find out the hard way-I drove past, was hungry and decided the time was nigh to finally drop in. And I'm glad I did. I'm also glad I didn't have to ride back afterward, because everything is full of delicious beans and cheese. And seriously. It's good. There's not a lot of seating, but I got there at about 2ish on a Saturday, so it wasn't an issue. I can see how it could get cramped and lead to lines-but it's worth it.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/9/2013,26,147,3,12,8>Even though I went on opening weekend and the people shopping didn't realize how miserable they were making it by all having a cart rather than a handbasket, and even though the line wrapped around the building - it was still a very pleasant experience.I stocked up on some cookie butter, a few frozen dishes, some salsa and crackers and fell in line which despite it's length went rather quickly. The cashier and bagger were very delightful even though I'm sure they had dealt with some ornery people. Upon exiting, I was given a free bouquet of roses for having to wait in line and deal with the crowds.Oh and I actually spent way less than I was expecting to.You are doing business right, TJ's!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,12/8/2013,20,111,5,20,6>my week long BBQ tour of Austin has finally come to an end.  yup, i've had Franklin, La Barbecue, Mueller, Stiles Switch, and even HEB's new Cafe Mueller offerings in a matter of seven days - and ladies and gents, i without a doubt, saved the best for last.this place is so stupid, like stupid good, and by stupid good, i mean my pants basically melted off after i bit into the lean brisket.  btw, lean brisket is my least favorite meat in BBQ.  it's always dry, and doesn't soak up the smoke and flavor like its good ole fatty, moist cousin ... this lean stuff was packed with flavor; it was insanely bold and rich.  if the lean was that good, you know the moist is gonna be unbelievable ... and it was.  i sat there dumbfounded and delighted thinking "is this real life?" -- my other meat of choice was the hatch chili & pork belly sausage.  it was as ostentaciously good as it sounds.everyone says the best TX BBQ doesn't need sauce.  i've always laughed that off bc i love sauces/condiments, and traditional central texas BBQ with its simple salt and pepper rub has always needed a little kick in my mind ... well, i met my match today and barely even touched the sauce.  not that it was a bad sauce - it's a nice thin vinegar type one - i just didn't want to complicate the amazingness that was that brisket.usually sides are an after thought at most places, but the dill potato salad and jalapeno cheese grits were just as thoughtfully crafted.  even the bread tasted homemade with its dense, hearty texture.i'm baffled as to why this place doesn't have those crazy lines like the other guys.  no offense, they make awesome BBQ too, but this was next level IMHO.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/7/2013,221,512,5,6,7>Holy taco!I live .5 mile from this place and had never been before. I'm pretty sure that's going to change. I knew I was in the right place when I realized that all of the employees spoke spanish, the signs and menu were in Spanish (English available as well). This is an authentic Mexican Taqueria. This is about as authentic as it comes north of the border and you don't have to worry about catching dystentary from the water!The atmosphere is pretty stark - some Mexican tunes play in the background. Two rooms with a basic looking diner setup.I'm a vegetarian, so I tried the migas and cactus tacos, both were excellent. Breakfast is served all day (I think they open at 7:30am). Check it out if you're in the hood!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,12/6/2013,57,216,4,5,6>I've lived in Austin for 3 years, but just finally tried Salt Lick on Memorial Day.  And you know what?  It wasn't half bad.  Not the best BBQ I've ever hard, but it's far from the worst.We showed up right when they opened that Monday morning, and they filled up fast.  Our party of 6 was taken care of by a very nice server (wish I could remember her name), and we were very comfortable.Lots of options... I went with a 3 meat plate (there was a special name for it which I've long since forgotten), and ordered a side of sweet potato fries.  I hate coleslaw and potato salad, so I had them leave that off my plate...  just kept the beans.The brisket was moist and pretty good... not quite as flavorful as I would have liked.  The pork rib was done very well - fell off the bone, and a great smoke ring.  My favorite, surprisingly, was the sausage.  Next time, I'm pretty sure I'm going to order just the sausage, and perhaps a beef rib.  Mmmm!I liked the fresh, warm bread they brought to the table.  The sweet potato fries were very good, too.Oddly enough, I didn't much care for their BBQ sauce.  They have a "mild" one and a "spicy" one.  I love spicy, but their spicy version didn't even register on my tongue.  It was kind of a mustard-based BBQ sauce, which I'm not a huge fan of.  If you like traditional BBQ sauce flavors, you may not care for Salt Lick's BBQ sauce.All in all, I enjoyed the place.  I'll probably be back very soon.  Can't wait to have some more sausage!  (That's what she said!)Oh, and we ordered pecan pie.  It's good, but I've had much better at other places.  It's pretty much all sugary filling with a layer of pecans on the top.  The crust was good, though!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/5/2013,310,185,11,16,14>Beautiful. Great Beer list. Tasty food.I was tooling around East Central Austin and hungry, so I pulled over safely, whipped out my trusty Yelp app and searched on "lunch," filtered by "open now," and "hot and new," as I felt like trying some place I had never been.  Haymaker popped up top of list, and one click on the photos associated with this new spot revealed a very impressive array of tap handles and a cooler chock full of malty goodness.  Menu looks promising too, so off I went.It's on Manor East of I-35, just East of the weird triangular intersection with Cherrywood and Chestnut, and El Chilito, opposite the Vortex Theater.  I think it was a NAPA warehouse once, but it has been transformed into a beautiful bar and restaurant.  Lots of gorgeous blonde wood tables and a bar to match, the building is divided into two rooms by the unusually shaped bar.  One side features a huge shuffleboard table, two pool tables and a couple of dart boards, in addition to several tables.  On the other side, the angled row of taps is backstopped by a cooler full of interesting craft beer in bottles and cans right behind the bar.TVs dot the bar, with all sorts of HD sports shows on while I was there. A huge sliding window behind the bar and sliding doors open out to the patio out front, which appears quite kid-friendly judging by the strollers scooted up next to thirsty parents.  On the first full day of Fall, they were wide open letting light and semi cool air inside.  I took a seat at the bar and immediately ran into some friends, making the visit even more fun.I had a Pale Ale from Hops & Grain, a tasty Bengali Tiger IPA from Six Point ("What immortal hand or eye. Could frame thy fearful symmetry?") and a pretty damn good open faced sandwich called the Louisville Slugger, I think because it is like smacking your heart with a bat.  This sandwich gem consisted of a pile of roasted turkey breast, thick bacon, tomatoes and parmesan cheese, drenched in a delicious Gruyere sauce, all on Texas Toast.  The choice of bread was my only quibble; I think the sandwich deserves a crusty sourdough or perhaps a Pain au Levain, but that may be just me. There were a half-dozen other menu items I could easily have chosen--I'm planning a repeat visit soon to try some more.I also tried some kettle cooked chips, too big an order for one person, but that didn't stop me from lingering long enough while enjoying the weather, nice people and free WiFi to finish them, and order a dessert beer--the wonderful Wookey Jack (Black Rye IPA, weapons-grade beer) from Firestone, intelligently served in a small glass.The manager has been in the industry for a while, and also runs Black Sheep Lodge.  We chatted briefly and I was treated to a tour of the huge walk-in beer cooler, which features [OK, this is pub-owner, beer nerd geeky, but still] a state of the art "long draw" draft system using line chillers and FOBs, which are expensive but keep Foam Off Beer, and eliminate exploding spurting taps behind the bar when a keg kicks.  The system shows these folks are serious about serving quality beer, and not afraid to invest in quality dispensing systems to help.  Their tap list (about 40, including 10 or so from Texas) is extensive, labeled above the bar on chalkboards indicating brand, style, ABV and serving size, BUT they also use real old-fashioned brewer supplied branded tap handles, which some beer bars eschew in favor of smaller non-descript black dowels.  I like the combination a  lot--familiar tap handles for us visual buyers, and all the detail you want above the bar on changeable chalkboard strips.I'm a draft beer guy, but their craft beer selection in cans, bottles and bombers is also quite extensive.  While I was there work was going on out front on landscaping and a cool bike rack.  There is plenty of parking in their own lot.  Haymaker may only be open two weeks, but they show signs of being a real keeper, and a destination spot on the East side.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/4/2013,989,456,13,25,28>One of life's unavoidable burdens is having to select which restaurants to take my best friend Jen to when she comes to visit me in Austin. This is an enormously difficult task, considering in the time it takes for us to discuss possibilities, 10-12 new, hip, trendy restaurants have already sprouted somewhere in Austin. And as much as we'd like to consume ten meals a day as to TRY and sample everything, we inevitably are forced to cull our list down, and choose only the best. I didn't initially choose Jeffry's. To me, Jeffry's had been relegated to the dustbin of overpriced, mediocre, trading-on-their-reputation-only types of restaurants in Austin that stayed afloat solely by Austin's Old Guard and those who don't know any better when it comes to fine cuisine. I based that on the fact that I had heard nothing new or innovating (or anything at all, actually) about Jeffrey's since I last went when I was in highschool. That is, until I was flipping through my Austin Monthly magazine. What caught my eye was that Jeffry's ad declared: "Enjoy complimentary car service in a Mercedes S-Class to anywhere you want to go downtown after your steak or lobster thermidor." Hold on a minute.  First trigger: Lobster thermidor. How deliciously Julia Child old-school. Second trigger: Steak. Because, well, meat. Third trigger: Car service. I don't want to oversell this, but whether it be a hotel (or restaurant), car service is probably the best thing ever. I honestly didn't even give a damn whether it was in a Mercedes or a Mini Cooper; as long as someone else would take my ass anywhere I wanted to go, I was down. After I heard that Jeffry's had closed for a year to "regroup", I figured it was time to give the new and improved version a fair shake. And they'd drive us there, to boot. I made reservations immediately. The Benz arrived to pick us up at the Stephen F., since picking you up from anywhere downtown is also part of the schtick. Why every restaurant doesn't offer this, I'll never understand. Nobody wants to drive, or fight parking. I know one could always take a cab, but this was just SO much more comfortable.The entire staff was friendly upon arrival. The atmosphere was just as expected: subdued, a tad formal, but still quite relaxing. We were immediately seated at a nice, semi-private table. Our server was a kindly older gentleman who has been with Jeffry's somewhere around 20 years. His only break, literally, was during the year it took for Jeffry's to revamp. I thought that was really sweet. I mean, it says a lot about the owners, too, if someone is that loyal of an employee. So, that was nice. Our first appetizer of the night were the crispy fried Gulf oysters, withparsnip puree & chips, rio grapefruit & celery slaw, habañero vinaigrette, and fresh horseradish. I know, I know--fried oysters and grapefruit? Actually more of a pleasing combination than you'd think. The flavor combination of an oyster with creamy puree and citrusy grapefruit was quite an opening act. I, of course adore fried oysters, and major props to this particular interpretation.Our second appetizer simply had to be the lobster & caviar blini, with Mill-King crème fraîche & chive. This was not nearly as dainty as imagined. Three blinis piled high with mountains of lobster meat and delectable caviar were almost a meal in themselves. This was easily one of the highlights of the meal, and definitely one of my "Top 10" appetizers of the year.Moving right along, I ordered what I came for: the wood roasted lobster thermidor, with spinach, mornay & bread crumbs, lemon & Thai chili butter, and sautéed escarole. The Thai chili butter really gave this French classic a modern kick. I loved every bite of it. Jen ordered a perfectly cooked 8 oz. center cut tenderloin filet. Naturally, it was tender and delicious. Unadorned on the plate, perhaps, yet exactly what an excellent steak should be. The asparagus mac & cheese and au gratin potatoes were both bonus complements to an already amazing meal. This dinner was practically asking to be finished off with a classic chocolate mousse, with whipped cream, berries, and ganache. I won't soon forget the thick, rich dome of chocolate that wrapped up one of the best meals I've had in 2013. It should be noted that service throughout was friendly, courteous, and prompt. We had several different servers bring us our courses, but our main server was always on hand if we needed him. As we left, we found our car outside, ready to whisk us off to wherever we chose. Nice. Jeffry's ended up being an inspired choice. They've really nailed the concept of finding a niche in restaurant-soaked Austin--it's classic fare, and solid service. It's not every night I want a small plate of complicated, conceptual food surrounded by hipsters. Sometimes I just want a huge steak. And lobster. And as much caviar and foie gras as I can eat, with nary a hipster in sight. And when I do, I'll be at Jeffry's.5 Stars.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/3/2013,59,121,9,36,17>Hippie hollow is one of my "wild and free" pleasures in Austin, to forget about everything and enjoy nature. The first time I went, I was scared to death to be seen naked. But once you get past that initial uneasyness, and realize how amazing it is to enjoy the Texas sun without clothes soaking up sweat, while the breeze cools your skin from head to toe, going without clothes is not a big deal. Just play it cool and enjoy yourself.The best part is that Hippie Hollow is as private or as public as you would like. If you do want to make friends, walk around to the large outcropping (maybe a 1/3 mile walk once you get to the main trail) which apparently is where the socializers hang out. People I've met here have been nice and friendly, but my wife and I tend to keep to ourselves for a more meditative experience.There's no 'beach' per se, just lots of rocks, but because they're flat rocks, they make for good sunbathing. Trees also dot the cliffs, so you can retreat back into shade when you've had enough sun. An old yoga or exercise mat is the perfect cushion on the rocks, or snag a blanket or towel. Remember bug spray too, as ants can be rampant here. Pack yourself a picnic lunch and you're set for a relaxing time.Bring cash for the admission fee, and if you like the place, an annual pass is worth it if you come to the park 10 or more times per year.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/2/2013,83,176,2,7,9>We went to Barlata early on a Sunday night and got a big table of 10.  We ordered probably a third of the menu items, and the menu is quite expansive.  Everything we had was amazing.  Having worked at a Spanish tapas bar in my former life, I'd classify this as fairly traditional vs. innovative tapas, and the quality is excellent.  The service was excellent and well versed in the menu, attentive with good support from the backup staff.  The venue itself is a bright attractive interior with a mixture of many small and a few large tables.Dishes I'd recommend in particular are as follows:LATAS  (literally served in a rectangular can):- Octopus with fingerling potatoes - very tender and delicious- Mushrooms - one of the best items on the menu- Emperdrat Bacalao - again something I neglected to try but others raved about afterwards- Baby squid with fennel sausage and squid ink - I could have eaten 5 of these dishes. so good.COMIDA FRIA - I tried almost nothing on this section, except of course an order of the Jamon Iberico, authentic and delicious cured ham that has been fed acorns. amazing flavor if you've never tried it.COMIDA CALIENTE - lots of good stuff here, but the following really stood out:- Mussels - while overshadowed by so much excellent food on the menu, the mussels are some of the best I've had.- Seafood stuffed baby squid - awesome - Braised oxtail - rich and braised to perfection. you can eat it with a spoonPALLEAS/ARROCES/FIDEOS- Paella Barlata - a very good paella cooked to order with a mix of chicken and seafood.  great flavor and nice socarrat at the bottom of the pan. good portion for the price- Arros negre - Black rice with seafood and squid ink - this was probably my favorite dish on the entire menu.  highly recommended.  bold layered flavors and a beautiful deep black color.  Superb.The deserts were also amazing, especially the home-made ice creams and the chocolate cake.Final recommendation: ask for a "Purron" full of champagne and pass it around the table.  it looks like a bong, but you actually use it to pour a stream of liquid into your mouth from above...lots of fun for the whole table and probably for the tables around you too :)
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,12/1/2013,66,125,4,6,6>In Buda, TX, if you're in the mood for non-commercial, non chain, non tex-mex restaurants but do not want to leave town, you only have a small handful of choices. Located in the building that once housed Buda Grocery, Cleveland's is the newest restaurant/gastropub in town. Owned by the same owners of "Centerfield Bar & Grill" in Kyle, Cleveland's is setup the exact same way. Cleveland's serves New Orleans-style cuisine, & as a self-proclaimed "gumbo connesuir", the gumbo @ Cleveland's is not bad at all which says a lot. Very decent by central Texas standards. My bro-in-law had their fried boudain balls recently & he liked those also. The staff @ Cleveland's have been good so far & their drinks are pretty much happy-hour prices with the exception of the dinner-rush, of course. Their beer selection is great & the bar manager has added some variety to the draught selection. We've been told that unlike Centerfield, Cleveland's main focus is their restaurant with the possibility of keeping the bar open after the kitchen hours. I'd say that the place is headed in the right direction & after time, will be another homerun for the Owners. Now I'm interested to see what & where the next LOCAL bar/restaurant will be in upper Hays County!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/30/2013,129,170,8,10,12>This isn't your normal average pizza joint.  The interior is bright, open and modern.  A far cry from the dark Romeo's Italian Restaurant that used to take up space here.    There is also a great patio if you're brave enough to weather the Austin heat.  Me, I'm wimpy.  I stayed indoors.  It was pleasantly cool and the various staff throwing pizza dough around and milling about shucking corn and waiting on tables all seemed to really be enjoying themselves.  What?! A Central Austin restaurant where people like their jobs? Yes!If you're expecting the same old pepperoni pizza, don't.  This is a step outside of the proverbial box (er the pizza box.) We were in an adventurous mood and so we tried the Prosciutto and Mission Fig pizza with prosciutto, gorgonzola, figs, and arugula.  The crust was incredibly light yet crispy yet chewy.  It literally melts in your mouth.  The ingredients were the perfect blend of savory and sweet.  This is my new favorite pizza.   We also had the Italian salad which was incredible.  All of the ingredients were fresh and perfectly balanced and well portioned.   The salad was like a treasure hunt.  I excavated all sorts of goodies including pickled onions, green and black olives, fried artichoke hearts, crispy prosciutto, salami, giant croutons, and roasted red and yellow peppers.  The ingredients are locally sourced and you can tell.  There is no pre-fab-Sysco-pseudo-food served here.  I appreciate that.  If you're expecting intelligent dinner conversation, you may want to rethink that as well.  Our entire conversation  after the food arrived consisted of these words.  "Oh my God.....oh my Goddddddddddd......Holy crap that's goooooodd," followed by a few more "Oh my Goddddd's" peppered with several "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmms" throughout.   I'm not kidding.  And just so you don't think I'm some witless Neanderthal incapable of intelligent speak, the conversation at the table next to us went much like the above.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/29/2013,149,145,6,11,13>I'll get to the point, this is not a flashy see and be seen sort of place. This place does not have staff that will kiss your behind and make you feel like a king. This is not the place where hordes of "hip people" go and talk about how hip they are. I guess at this point you understand the idea I am trying to get across.This is the place you go if you love Korean food and you don't want to spend a lot of money. This is the place that will give you many little dishes of side items with your meal. This is the place that will serve you a meal so good you will be pissed you didn't try it earlier. This is the little hide away place that you will only tell your closest friends or favorite coworkers about. I know you are thinking that I must be full of it, but I dare you to visit and tell me you didn't enjoy your food. I cannot comment on the sushi only because I didn't order it. I was being cheap and got one of the lunch specials. The meal was under 7 bucks and I couldn't finish it. But I made sure I tasted everything! The soup was great but I was far to enthralled into inhaling the bulgogi and yaki mandu to even think about finishing it. All in all it was the best 7 bucks I've spent in a long time. If I worked closer to this place I could see myself coming here a few times a week.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/28/2013,74,79,18,21,17>At first I thought I wasn't cool enough to go into Urban Mattress. Even the door looked cool. And when we opened it I heard what had to be an indie band with massive street cred singing a catchy pop tune about some social ill. I almost left. But I strapped the boys down and marched in, determined to see what the hubbub was all about. People love Urban Mattress. I mean like a boyfriend/girlfriend thing.  It intrigued me.  So we browsed. And we met Adam.  He moseyed over and very helpfully said, 'please, try out any mattress. The prices are all on the tags at the bottom.  If you have any questions I'm right over there'.  Then he smiled an organic free trade smile and went back to the counter.  That was the easiest conversation we'd had with a mattress salesperson since we started this ordeal. So we laid, and we bounced and we took our shoes off and rolled. We floundered and breached and barrel rolled and still Adam just smiled.  Finally I decided to get some technical info and thought I'd go all Jeopardy on him but he had all the answers. The mattresses they sell are certified chemical free, so there is no off gassing or chemical leaching. They have traditional mattresses, foam mattresses, gel mattresses, hybrid mattresses, obscenely expensive mattresses, reasonably priced mattresses Even a couple of bargain mattresses. What they don't have is bad mattresses. The cost is the cost. They don't run sales. I know this sounds weird but I kind of liked that. It started to really irk me when we were at other stores and the mattress that I thought was way too expensive got cheaper as I got closer to the door.  It always made me think "What the hell was the price? Why is it so much cheaper now that I am leaving? I probably would have bought it if you'd offered that price at the beginning!!!" But here they offer a fair price for a really good product. Oh, and shipping is included. ALWAYS included. Not a bargaining chip like at every other store I went into. This is not a low pressure store. It's a no pressure store. I love that about Urban Mattress.This is how I wish all stores were. I may actually not be cool enough to hang at Urban Mattress, but it's OK, they'd let me anyway. They're cool like that.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/27/2013,442,129,7,27,18>When I first heard about the kava root drink the flavor was described to me as a cold tea consistency with a gritty after taste. Hmm...drink a vanilla latte or kava with a gritty after taste??...I usually go for the latte but they kept raving about the calming affects, so I decided why not. When an opportunity presents itself to try a new food or drink I willingly accept.  Wasn't it Neale Donald Walsch who said, "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone"? Point taken, Neale. Kava drink, here I come! I have to tell you after I tried my first kava shell (cup) I was hooked...& I'm still hooked- yes there is a gritty after taste but the calming affect is loveaaaly -  the relaxing feeling instantly covers you like a warm blanket. My gal pal, who was with me, bought a bottle to take home to her hubs, & he came back the very next day to buy two more bottles! SquareRut Kava Bar is the bom . com for their service & variety of flavors. The first kava bar flavor I tried was coconut chocolate served in a small shelled cup.  Not only do you instantly feel relaxed after your first sip, come to find out there are a lot of health benefits from the kava root. Thanks to Tracy, one of the owners, who shared with me all the health benefits the kava root offers. Tracy is fantabulous, personable, and knowledge of the kava root, & all the health benefits! Pricing----$4 a shell or $11 for a full water bottle (filled with your choice of flavored kava).The venue is spacious, adorable, & the staff are laid back & always friendly-a perfect spot for a large group or for two. They have game nights on Tuesday's- Citizens of Humanity is one of the games they play (gasping with excitement)! THINGS TO KNOW: -The drink does have an after taste that is a bit tart, but after the first few sips you no longer taste it. -You can shoot the kava like a shot vs sipping on it, like I did.-Yes the bottle of kava (small water bottle) is $11 but it will last you two days - (31/2 servings)-The calming side affects are incredible & all natural.-They have a new location opening up in Hyde Park this September! -CHECK OUT THEIR HAPPY HOUR:Monday's from 5-8pm ---50% off a shell (cup)---- (regularly $4)I'm so excited they are opening a new location closer to where I live-I'm going to turn into a Kava bar groupie...I can't wait to visit their new location this fall!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,11/26/2013,142,123,27,15,18>OMG WTF. I'm seriously confused right now.  Somehow, my friends convinced me to make the trek up to the barren wasteland of Cedar Park.  There's good sushi, they said.  I went to be polite.  You'll love it, they said.  I know the good sushi places in town.  They are not in Cedar Park.  They are not in a dumpy strip mall that's seen better days.  Bad sushi is really awful, and there was only one way I saw this ending: awful. "Why are we here?" my girlfriend asked.  I didn't have an answer.  Meeting friends didn't seem adequate, but here we are.  "Let's make the best of it, and we'll eat something else later" was the ultimate answer.  I saw the standard "paper and pencil" sushi/sashimi ordering system and I knew we were totally boned.  This was maybe acceptable at best.   Still, the waiter said they had fresh wasabi, which is usually the differentiator between good sushi and great sushi.  Odd. The first dish I thought was a little showy and extravagant, with fish suspended over bamboo and heated by a dish of alcohol and coffee beans, but the presentation had nothing on the flavor.  Could this really be?  By the time the rolls and sushi arrived, I was a believer.  Somehow, this strange little sushi place out in the older part of chain store suburbia manages to put it together and become one of the best sushi places in Austin.  Er, the Austin area.  I'm not quite sure it's the best, but it's definitely in the top three.   I've also got a reason to visit Cedar Park, though I have no idea how I'll convince my friends to join me.  They'll never believe me.  Maybe I should just tie them up and throw them in the back of the van.  They'll thank me later.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/25/2013,699,1000,18,11,15>After gorging ourselves on poetry slam and Love Balls my friends Rachel and Mizzy and I decided to finish the night with a glazed doughnut.It may not seem like such a big deal but you can get doughnuts here 24/7.  This is huge.  We live in the age of instant movie/music/book download.  We want it our way. We are the customization generation.  And when I want a doughnut at 3AM in Austin I know that I can come here and get that doughnut.  I also might just want to hit up Whataburger down the road which is 24 hours a day, and then come for a doughnut.  This means that over time I'm not going to look as hot in a bathing suit, and my arteries may be clogged.  But when my life flashes before my eyes in an instant of (probably heart attach induced) death I will see Ken's Doughnuts and Pastries and it will be worth it all the way going down.My Indian friends explain to me that these samosas are the real deal.  I will trust them on this though I haven't had them.  What I do know is that their doughnuts are the real deal.  They are flaky, and fresh, and sugary and you will be happy.  They are also cheap so have some spare change to pay for your dessert.  They accept credit cards as long as you are spending a certain dollar amount so you might just be able to pay off your doughnut debt at some point in your life, which is what I would do if I wanted to have a lot of fun.  Because I want to have my future wedding at Ken's Doughnuts and Pastries.  Everybody is invited, including you.  We're going to buy out the store, and charge it on our credit cards.  We're going to do this at 3AM because we can as they are open 24/7.  We will get tagged on Do512 and the Austin Chronicle will give us a blurb.  It is going to be epic.  Ahhhh, I love this town.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/24/2013,461,645,14,27,26>Glass Half Full is a new bar connected to the recently opened Alamo Drafthouse Lakeline location. The bar has a tap list that would please any beer connoisseur. In addition they have a full bar with a cocktail list and wine.The bar itself is rather small and made up of communal tables lined with bar stools. The decor is somewhat rustic in color with exposed brick and walls dawn the phrase "Made in America". You also can order drinks just outside the bar on the patio which is also somewhat awkwardly one of the entrances. The outside area has comfortable seating and misting fans making it more bearable in the Texas summer heat.The beers they pour are diverse and they have lots of local brews. Some of the local taps include Adelbert's, Real Ale, Austin Beer Works, Independence, Hops & Grain, Rogness, Jester King, Circle and Thirsty Planet. The printed beer menu is categorized by "seasonal", "smooth and balanced", "weird and wonderful", "crisp and refreshing", "dark and rich" and "for hop heads". The taps are also written on chalkboards above the taps. They have some custom made Glass Half Full cocktails which are a twist on classic drinks and run $10. They also have beer mixes like their Elderflower Snake Bite with beer, cider and St. Germain that all run $6. And the classic cocktail are $9.We went last night and found both the bar and outside area well staffed. They were pretty busy and they poured and made drinks quickly. We sat at the bar and ordered a Cannibal Chianti and a Manhattan. I was already a fan of the Chianti which they serve at the other locations. The Manhattan was off their classic cocktails list and was made pretty strong. Based on the price point and size of cocktails being served I would probably stick to the beer, beer mixes and wines here. Service was excellent! I love we now have an Alamo with a sit down bar to enjoy a drink before and/or after a movie. I do wish the inside bar was larger. We arrived at 5:50 p.m. on a Monday. When we left for our movie at 6:20 p.m. we were crowded by people trying to order a drink and it was near standing room only. But as mentioned before they do have outdoor seating.TIPs: They have happy hour! Happy hour is Monday-Friday from 4 p.m. - 7 p.m. $1 off draft beers and specialty drinks and $5 wells.Unlike 400 Rabbits they do not currently serve food in the bar so don't come here too hungry.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/23/2013,14,159,2,5,4>Both the corn and flour tortillas are made in house and they are insanely delicious.  I could come and just eat tortillas here and be quite content.  I have come twice.  The first time my husband and I shared the combo fajitas (beef, chicken and shrimp).  They were really good, especially the very tender and tasty beef.  The second time we got the beef fajita tacos, which is a smaller portion than ordering the beef fajitas.  It comes with the same stuff, just two pre-rolled beef tacos (your choice of tortilla) instead of making them yourself if ordered as fajitas.  We were quite content with the two tacos and still had leftovers to take home.I will definitely be back for those tortillas!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,11/22/2013,29,157,1,8,4>First time here today, brought my father in law and wife. Father in law ordered the sampler platter with an added skewer of steak, and wife ordered the chicken pita wrap. It was enough food for all 3 of us to share. The staff is very friendly, they also use the Belly app which earns you perks after a few visits. The sampler platter is very generous for the price, comes with hummus, pita, a salad, 3 meats, rice, and a dolmas wrap (spelling?), and a spinach spanakopita. We all enjoyed everything and thought the prices were fair. Will def be back.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,11/21/2013,79,202,5,4,3>Great place to get your car washed and vaccumed in a hurry. Its only $8 for the basic wash, which includes someone pre-washing your car and also drying your car off after it goes through the machine---- that seems like what an LSD trip would be like if I did LSD (ALL THE COLORSSSS!)Be sure to bring a little tip for the nice gentleman who dries off your car! (Both times I have been scrambling to find change that adds up to a few dollars.)The vaccuums are free, but self service.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/19/2013,312,628,9,9,6>It is ironic that one of my favorite Eastside bars is named after one of my greatest nemesis.What's good:1. Dog-friendly patio offering dual misters and shade!2. A juke box, pool table and AC inside.3. Texas tap beers often at happy hour pricing all night.4. Two food trailers to choose from: Eastside King and Go Bites.  (If you think a pita sandwich isn't special, GoBites will change your mind).And now, for you, my Grackle haiku:Glossy winged brash ratSnatching morsels from my plate!Opportunist plague
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,11/18/2013,38,57,4,17,9>This is exactly one of those hidden gems that yelp has helped me find over the years.I have driven by this place countless times and would have never know it was there. Seriously, even driving up to the bar I wasn't sure if I was in e right place. It looks like someone has a super awesome garage and just put up an open sign out front for decoration.But, once you get inside you realize this place is legit. Super clean interior with a nice bar running along one side, plenty of tables and tvs playing sports on the walls. It's like many other bars I have been too but with a twist. Outside the bar there is a small courtyard with a fire pit and what appears to be a small stage for live bands. Behind the courtyard is the dog park. A bar / dog park is such a novel idea I couldn't believe I have never heard of something like this before. Anyway, the dog park is enclosed and has benches and tables for the human customers and toys, clean water, and other things catering to their canine patrons.The fact that this place is so unassuming is what contributes to its charm.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/17/2013,75,124,4,6,6>Yet another great Yelp find!! Tucked back on a quiet road in Wimberly sits the quaint, quiet and lovely Kate's Place. After spending the weekend morning hitting up Farmers Markets in Buda and San Marcos we decided to venture someplace new in Wimberly. We brought along the 4 legged kid and sat outside, it was only about 11am so it wasn't hot as balls yet and the patio was so inviting and shady. The owner came by for a chat, a very sweet older gentleman who spends his weekends tending his pepper and herb garden for the restaurant. He told us he and his wife bought the place a few years back when it was in foreclosure, since then he has added the patio area and bar area and new outdoor restrooms. He even offered to let us leave our dog there so we could walk across the street to a crafters event that did not allow dogs, what a sweet guy. Our waiter was the pigtailed Great Scott who was an excellent server and was very knowledgeable about both the beers and the food that was offered. I ordered a half sandwich of the Blast Sandwhich:Roasted Turkey, Bacon, Lettuce, Avocado, Sprouts, Tomatoes on Toasted Challah with Cilantro Aioli with a side of fruit  and a cup of Ginger Carrot soup. My BF had the Steak and Eggs with potatoes and toast, he said it was very tasty. Both reasonable priced and both tasted excellent. The turkey was thick carved turkey and the half sandwich came with half a creamy avocado. I really loved my carrot soup too I felt healthier just ordering it. We finished off the meal with a piece of Ice Cream cake which was Blue bell on a homemade nilla wafer crust, the perfect end to the meal. While there we saw a Bridal Shower take place in a private outdoor area that might come in handy for the future. We watched with jealous eyes as watermelon salads, crab cakes, Benedict and mimosa's were served and thought it was the perfect place to throw a small party. Parking is plenty and so is shade. I did not go into the restaurant but plan on going back to Kate's in a few weeks when my mom comes into town. Kate you be doing something right!!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/16/2013,315,273,3,8,5>I'm only scared of two things Commitment and the Dentist.  My grandmother passed away in the dentist chair (it was in Venezuela, but still) so a very strong phobia developed.  I had my dentist back in FL that I knew, trusted, and loved.  When he retired, so did I and retreated to a lonely island of full on dental phobia.A sudden pain in my front tooth forced me out of retirement and into this amazing office's kind embrace.  Angela at the front desk, Christine the dental assistant, and Dr. Kristoff all were kind, calming, and understanding.  Not once did I feel judged, and my fear gradually melted away.  After a thorough exam, it was relieved that I was just fine.  Dr. Kristoff took his time with me, explained every thing as he went along, and completely put me at ease.  I was so relaxed at the end that I booked a cleaning for next week.  And how freaked out was I prior to the visit?  Well when I got back to my car, I discovered I closed the sunroof and left the passenger window open.  So yeah, just a tad rattled. Thank you so much, Dr. Kristoff to you and your wonderful team!!!  See you next week. :)
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,11/15/2013,91,305,6,7,4>Hut's was a go-to burger spot for me for years. Then it all came to a screeching halt when I was forced to be gluten-free for my stupid body. I might be a little bitter, don't talk about it.Then, I saw a gluten free buns sign at Hut's and I practically did a Fast & Furious move to get in there as fast as I could. Making this simple addition has allowed me to love Hut's once again :)I typically browse the menu and am tempted by many burgers, but always end up with a Ritchie Valens. You can't go wrong with guacamole and jalapenos. The one time I strayed was for the Wolfman Jack. Also amazing with sour cream and green chiles. They have a wide range of burger toppings and I'm sure you'll find something you like!I haven't ever made it down, but on Wednesdays they have 2 for 1 burgers from 6 to 10 pm. They have to be the same burger, which seems like it has the potential to break up relationships for a good deal. You'll have to decide if your relationship can handle this type of major decision before attempting.The service and decor is typical fun diner. I've always loved looking around at all the college pennants. It can get really busy, but it's popular for a reason! If you hate crowds or waiting, don't go at peak times on the weekends.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,11/14/2013,66,48,4,11,6>Impressive.My dinner here seems as if it was but a dream, and I don't think I can totally blame that on the couple deliciously balanced cocktails I had. Although recently opened, Mettle has simply got it down. Mettle's lush interior includes beautiful plays on the word and incorporates many handcrafted details, from the light fixtures to the unique tables. The staff, while getting their bearings for now, were proud to delight and easily did so.  And oh, the food! With Chef Francisco at the helm you're in good hands. After getting a taste of much of the menu that our table shared, highlights for me were the roasted beet with creamy goat cheese and a crunchy brittle and the perfectly cooked mussels in a light curry broth (plus that grilled garlic bread!). For dessert, I couldn't get enough of the macadamia/coconut/lime dish and the mango soup can't be forgotten.  I will definitely be back to try remainder of the menu.   If you want to be impressed, or desire some assistance in making that effect on another, get to Mettle.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/13/2013,87,334,5,7,5>I have friends of friends who are hairdressers.  I really and truly should patronize their services.  However, I just can't do it when I can walk into Birds without an appointment when I have a free hour or two, and walk out with a spiffy new 'do for 40 bucks plus tip.  Also helps I've never been less than loving what these crazy awesome people do.They've always listened to what I want - layers just so, has to go back into a ponytail, has to be a style that looks good both straight and curly, has to look decent if I just wash it, sleep on it, and get up and go - I'm a totally easy customer, I know, right?   But, they've always given me exactly that, and somehow the cut gets better each time.Birds, thank you for being down the street and ready and waiting to snip my tresses* when I get fed up with my mop.*ready and waiting may only apply to early in the morning, which is when I tend to go.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/12/2013,204,582,9,12,11>School is in session!! Everything under $10!Holy Opening, Batman! (I just made myself giggle. There has got to be a better way to say that. I just mean the grand opening was last night and a TON of people showed up.) We were lucky enough to arrive around 6:30 and found two seats at the bar. Otherwise both patios (out front and to the side) were busy, and it was standing room only for many folks. Worth the hype! We have been stalking this place ever since Zandunga closed, and then even more closely since we moved to the east side.The theme is ridiculously cute. Without being too cutesy. Well maybe...there is a giant blackboard on the wall (I'll let its message be a surprise for you), the menus are written on index cards, and the flag they give you when you order food is literally a ruler stuck on a chalkboard eraser. I actually expected one of those trough sinks when I walked into the restroom. Alas...I thought my boyfriend was kidding when he said everything was under ten bucks. Nope.  Everything: Beer, cocktails and food. Awesome! I got a giant plate of deep fried deviled eggs with chorizo. For $4. You read that correctly. I would have paid twice that, not kidding. They have a bunch of shareable plates like that (although I ate that whole plate myself), and a burger/sandwich menu. They have about 20 beers on tap (lots of local) and about 20 bottles. Oh, and bombers. Whoop!! The cocktails are $7-9 bucks are the most expensive items in the house. They all have themed names, and every one I tried was excellent. The standout was "Physics," made with Forty Creek Bourbon, walnut bitters, Convict Hill Oatmeal Stout, and maple syrup. Good god. Why have I never dumped bourbon in my stout?! It tasted like chocolate milk, but lighter...boozier...awesomer. (My date actually ordered this for himself and I stole it :)His "Singing in the Rain" was my second favorite: it had both scotch and whiskey in it (!) plus a bit of agave and orange rind. I was surprised I liked it so much. Simple. Good.I also tried the Hall Pass which seemed to be pretty popular: Gin, muddled blackberries, topped with sparkling peach. Beautiful. And refreshing. My boyfriend tried the Teacher's Pet as well with rye, and though the cinnamon was a nice touch, it was my least favorite.But again, all really great cocktails! Not quite as strong as a Weather Up or the like, but honestly, I like what they are doing here. This spot is perfect for a little Craft Cocktail 101 if you will: you get to try some fancy pants stuff but nothing too crazy, too strong...all the drinks are crowd-pleasers. The only thing that could take this place up a notch is some kind of happy hour to compete with the Sow...(hint hint!)I was at four stars because it was loud and the A/C was not really working...but then I just remembered I had deep fried deviled eggs with chorizo. For $4. I'm going big.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,11/11/2013,171,427,3,5,4>Very friendly employees.  DELISH froyo!  I am picky about my froyo, too often it's cloying and sweet.  Their plain tart is delish and they have a lot of toppings to choose from.  I mean A LOT.  LOVE their waffle cone bowls!  We have come here almost daily for two weeks now, lol!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/10/2013,261,103,4,8,8>I knew I was going to love Hi Hat the moment I walked in the door. Why? Well, I could pick a number of things: the chalkboard of goodness that boasted a great beer selection, the cozy (yet lively) atmosphere, the drum set chandelier: all of these things were great! But of all the things, my heart fluttered when I saw that their air conditioning unit distributed air from what appeared to be two robot arms.THEIR AIR CONDITIONER LOOKS LIKE A ROBOT. I died.I came here for the Bitch Beer's Time of the Month to try the new Independence DIPA, Muggles (which was delicious, BTW). It got crowded in that small space and did get a tad warm from so many hot bodies (even robots get tired), but it might be more manageable on a regular night. They have a great selection of beers on tap. In addition to my tasty Muggles, I also had the Firestone Walker Double Jack DIPA and Founders ALL DAY IPA. (Side note: I love yelling ALL DAY after things. Like, "I'll eat that sandwich ALL DAY." I'm kind of a bro.) I'm an IPA girl myself, but they had a few selections for every variety of beer drinker. They also had a gluten-free TCW cider that one of the dudes working the photo booth seemed to be enjoying, so I'd be anxious to try that on a hot summer day.The menu looks fun for an omnivore, but limited for the veggies (and even more limited for vegans). They have a small plate section with one veggie taco that, if it doesn't have cheese, seems to be the only option for the vegans of the world. So, if you're a veggie/vegan, check out the menu/call ahead if you're hoping to eat. Or you can just take one from my book and go with a liquid diet. I'd like to go back again to enjoy the environment, the patio, and the one (potentially) vegan item on the menu. At the very least, I look forward to going back for the next Bitch Beer event.Another bonus: it's far enough on E 6th that there's still plenty of street parking. Yay for free parking!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,11/9/2013,31,64,6,8,4>The wait was worth it!  On opening day there were few customers but many smiling employees eager to help us, not that we needed help finding anything; the store is well arranged and spacious, the shelves stocked with even more unique variety than at Wheatsville's Guadalupe location.  Some highlights that exceeded my cost-conscious expectations: Great prices for organic grapes, avocados, tomatoes.  Store-brand vitamin supplements.  Unique cheeses like Nasonville Dairy pepper cheddar and Boars Head chipotle gouda.  Chameleon Cold-Brew coffee for $1 cheaper than Central Market.  Hot sauce selections unavailable elsewhere.  All 3 varieties of Omission beer.  Vegetarian and Gluten-free items galore (though unfortunately I'll still have to hit Whole Foods for my favorite bread, Canyon Bakehouse 7-Grain).L.H. said the meat selection would satisfy luxurious tastes, though the fish didn't compare to other local purveyors.The $70 lifetime membership seems like a valuable way to be a part of something truly local, though of course you can shop without becoming a member.  While the north location has definitely grown up beyond the crunchy granola co-op stereotype, this new south store has a chance to start from scratch with a comfortable realness to the place, like normal people are actually here to do their shopping.  And not in a frenzied way like Central Market or a scenester way like Whole Foods.  Also, while the store's construction might not be complete, Wheatsville is definitely not creepy like the Sprouts across Lamar.  Just be careful negotiating the poor traffic flow in the parking lot.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/8/2013,61,227,2,10,7>My experience at Argus was divine.  Their cider is not your traditional Ace or Strongbow at the bar.  I did the $10 tasting and the $20 picnic.  Don't skip the picnic!  The food was amazing!!  These are true renaissance men turning out creative ciders and killer food.  (They also have some serious interior design skills.) I had the picnic from the Tartine cookbook and will never forget that almond gazpacho.  It was epic. We bought two bottles of cider, one still and one sparkling.  And I would love to try some of the truly creative cider variations Argus is considering in the future.  It was 5 star product, service and ambiance across the board. A truly lovely way to spend the afternoon.  As it is an open space, I suppose it gets a bit toasty in the summer.  I look forward to visiting again.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/7/2013,421,256,12,19,19>For years I've pondered ways to keep a magical place in business without beckoning a flood of the entire public, because that's what 6th street shot bars do, and we know 6th street shot bars will let in any sportoes, motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads in two shakes of a lamb's tail. The thing about Midnight Cowboy is that you won't find it unless you're looking for it, in the ways of a true speakeasy. They filter their clientele before they even walk up to the door, and I'm ok with this. As Léon would say: there is rules! But I won't list them out, because that would make it too easy.If you're reading this, there's a good chance you have a Yelp account. This means you at least have access to buzz surrounding Austin's newest opened businesses, likely with inside tips. +1 for you. Now if you're skeptical of what's on a new 6th street bar's menu, you'd be smart to check it on their website. Oh look, the first result on a Google search is Midnight Cowboy Modeling. Er, better not click on that lest you infect your computer with adult themed viruses, right? Wrong! If you also did some research surrounding this business and read other Yelp reviews regarding The Rules, you'd know this is the right site. As the site loads, you notice a deceiving image of a modeling and oriental massage sign. This can't be the right site. Wrong again. Doing your homework would have told you that this space used to be a contemporary brothel until it was shut down by APD in 2011. Scrolling down for the menu-- there is no menu. What sham is this? Trust in your fellow Yelper's and you won't be led astray. Scrolling down you see The Rules. You must make a reservation on their website, and the widget doesn't provide optional times earlier than about a day in advance. Well damn, guess we're not going till next weekend, right? WRONG. Boy you're bad at this. Read, Man!  "If walk-in tables are available, the vacancy sign above the entry will be illuminated. Please ring the buzzer marked 'Harry Craddock' for entry."  You mean I have to PAY ATTENTION? This is were you may exit the cabin for the faint of effort. If you're on a mission, curses you'll get in one way or another. Once you notice the sign isn't there any more, save for a lone red light among the frenzy of dirty 6th, you will know. My advice: have your party of 8 or less committed from square one. Make the reservation online. Have them knowledgeable of the rules, or at least tell them to treat this like you're going on a very important date (don't answer your phone, be obnoxious, or use flash photography, don't bring a gun, don't smoke, don't open up your laptop, and don't hit on a stranger - that last one would be poor form, Stupid Head). Trust that the cocktails are made to rival, possibly outwit those at Peché, and that's saying something. Respect your server, mellow down, and enjoy yourself. You've earned it.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,11/6/2013,177,108,3,7,5>I decided to try a local business instead of taking the long trek to Floyd's on Mopac.  A quick Yelp search revealed this little gem in Cedar Park.  Men's Hair Center.  I was immediately greeted by the owner, Anthony.  I was also lucky to get him as my barber. What a cool bunch of guys (and ladies) that work there!  The vibe was mellow with old vinyl albums lining the walls.  I was offered a cold beer which I turned down.  Next time, I'll take one though!  Anthony was very cool, mellow and had me laughing during the cut.  The whole crew seemed hip and humble at the same time.  A delicate balance.  The cut itself was great.  I got my high fade, as I usually do, and it was just as good, if not better, than any cut I've received at Floyd's 99.  I highly recommend this place to any Cedar Park fellas who appreciate a good haircut.  Also, they do the warm towel, shampoo and cologne without any extra fees.  My girlfriend complimented me on the haircut and then, after careful inspection, said I smelled awesome, too.  Cheers, Men's Hair Center.  I'll be back.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,11/5/2013,3,39,,12,8>Will echo what Tom B wrote..   stopped by here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon - been meaning to try this for a while.   Had the shrimp po'boy and chicken/sausage gumbo, very good food....   this place is a jewel in the making!They are open for lunch and dinner..   but they'll close for the afternoon...I'll try to minimize the inevitable comparisons to Sambet's - being in the same place in this center - and with some friends thinking this is simply Sambet's phase 2.    And it is not..  This is new owners..   new decor and layout..  it looks clean..  feels clean..  and - most important..  also has really good Cajun food (based on the two dishes.....   but I'll be back for more).      fwiw..  I always liked Sambets food..  but I never got the decor and look they strived for..   I did have the half-size shrimp po'boy and the chicken/sausage gumbo.    The po'boy bread was crispy on the outside..  and soft and fresh on the inside.   The shrimp was freshly fried with a little coating  and tasted fresh.    Thumbs up.  The gumbo was really good too.   Nice and dark.   good tender chicken chunks and tasty sausage.    A little heat to it..  nothing overpowering at all..  but it made it tasty.I do want to try the crawfish etouffee, the crawfish stuffed bread (?!!), and the jambalaya, so there will multiple return trips coming over the coming weeks.On an expectations side..   coming into the restaurant is a little confusing.. It's got a sort-of bar setup straight in..   kind of looks like an order bar..  but it's not.   There's a check-in-like table further back..  go there?    Well, yeah..  if you're ordering out.   But no, not if you're eating in.   It turns out if you're going to eat in..  just have a seat and they'll get with you.    They really need a "welcome to New Awlins..  do this" sign as you come in  :- )Along those lines. .  I got the impression (but didn't confirm it) that this is something new for the owners and the family there.    They are the friendliest and nicest people to talk with.  They were genuinely interested in what they were serving..   I like that..  and I appreciate the challenges of a new restaurant and flow.      There was nothing bad about this at all..   just a little awkward in "ok.. I'm here.. what do I do?"      They'll work that out I'm sure..   the food and the people make it worthwhile.   Finally, I did not have to wait long for food at all..   Fresh and hot..    It really wasn't that busy.    I think they just recently opened and it's still one of those  undiscovered little cafes that should only get busier and more popular as people give it a try.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,11/4/2013,21,26,4,18,6>very cool addition to the street! tried these guys out for their first night open to the public and was beyond impressed. it is a super neat 2 story house (enter from the bottom) with a modern look to everything. there is indoor and outdoor seating below as well as indoor and outdoor seating upstairs as well. love all the cool lighting and fixtures and the long padded bench seats remind me of a super comfy leather couch at my gmas house. after taking a quick tour thanks to the gracious host i sat down at the bar with Alison. started out with a bossa no va to drink and it was fantastic super refreshing, well done :)for my dinner i went with the grilled striped bass with a coconut cashew emulsion, grilled green beans, and cured pineapple. AMAZING. it was seriously so good. fish was perfectly cooked, very fresh, flaky, and a fantastic grill flavor. green beans were grilled as well but still perfectly "snappy" and the pineapple added a nice finish to a few of the bites.felt like it was fine dining without the punch to the gut when you get your tab at the end. so glad these guys have opened up on raineywill be back. will recommend to my friends.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/3/2013,109,238,4,6,5>There's a reason this is an Austin staple. It's damn good food. It's also a perfect place to take your parents! Everything tastes like it was made with love and care. These french fries might be the best fries to ever be in my mouth. And the hyde park sauce need to replace ketchup. I had a chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. Everything was top notch. The chicken fried steak was crispy and tender. It didn't feel heavy and greasy. It went perfectly with the mashed potatoes that must be made with sour cream or something else delicious. Probably the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. The mac and cheese was good just not as good as everything else. I ordered a pink lemonade. Damn, that was fresh!I like the atmosphere here.  It's intimate and a little romantic. It's a good date place. It's nice but won't break the bank. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,11/2/2013,121,178,4,14,5>Austex is a great company to work with.  I just had Alex come out to fix a couple issues with my irrigation system.  Price was both reasonable and discussed before any work was performed.  He showed up on time, with a reminder call prior to the appointment.  Everything was done efficiently and with alacrity.   A+I tagged along Alex as he worked, and he was very helpful in explaining what he was doing and why he was doing it.  I had a ton of questions, it was great being able to learn so much while the work was being done.  It's hard to find someone with expert knowledge of their trade who's also great with customers.  Alex has both, I'd 100% recommend Austex to anyone looking for a sprinkler company.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,11/1/2013,140,134,12,7,8>Whenever I'm hungry I can't eat a lot. If I'm not hungry, I can stuff my face until I get bored with it. Pizza is the exception. No matter how I'm feeling, I can eat pizza. Plates and plates of it, boxes and boxes! I am a bottomless pizza sinkhole. I've heard so-so things about Pinthouse Pizza so I wasn't desperate to try it but a co-worker had her going away lunch here though so it was the perfect excuse.I know pizza is a deeply personal things for some people but I was pleasantly surprised! I love a good soft, doughy crust with toppings that are cooked without the burnt crispy parts. If you're a fan of thin, crisp pizza then you might not like this dough. They have the usual pizzas, like pepperoni and margherita and also some locally named specials. I had a slice of  the Hill Country. Yummy spinach, ricotta, bacon and mushrooms. It looked gorgeous and tasted great. I'm also obsessed with crushed/soft ice. You know the kind. This place has awesome ice. I ate three cups during lunch. Next time I'll try some of the beers instead.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,10/31/2013,94,185,6,15,14>Having just tried Michi Ramen, I felt obligated to try Tatsu-Ya as well. For comparison, I'll be looking at the 3 categories of a perfect ramen: broth, noodle, and toppings.Broth: The broth was almost perfect! As someone who prefers a lighter flavor profile, Tatsu-Ya's broth was just tasty and light (and milky) enough that I actually drank all of it. I'm a huge noodle eater and I've never done that in my life. That's how good it was but I might be an statistical outlier.Noodle: Even though the texture and the chewiness was right, the noodle was a little too thin to have that ramen feel. I also ordered extra noodle and they cost $1.50 for 2oz and $2 for 4oz. Definitely go for the 4oz option.Toppings: OMG, the chashu was AMAZING!!! I repeat, AMAZING!!! It literally melted in my mouth. Too bad each bowl only comes with 1 piece and an extra piece cost $3, which is pretty ridiculous. Other toppings include the standard  green onions, mushrooms, egg, and such. Good enough.I got the regular bowl at both locations. And the verdict is... that Tatsu-Ya wins on the broth and the toppings and Michi wins on the noodle. The price was about the same so it wasn't a factor. Overall, Tatsu-Ya has the best ramen in Austin.Lastly, just a little about the atmosphere. Pretty hipster. I've been to Ramen houses in Japan before so I was fine with sitting next to strangers at the bar seats or the long row seats. However, the waiter (who was assigning seats during peak hours) suggested squeezing in a random guy with my wife and I at a small square table against the wall. Really? O_o 3rd wheel much? Why would he even suggest that? Obviously I said no and opted for the row seats instead.Besides that, both my wife and I enjoyed our experience at Tatsu-Ya and would come here over Michi in the future.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,10/30/2013,315,239,22,30,24>Before reading this review, you need know something about me. I freakin' love shellfish!!! Crab is my absolute favorite food stuff (from animals) on earth.  I've always suspected that lobster should be up there, too, but every time I try lobster, it is an overcooked, rubbery disappointment that costs way too much. I've had it prepared every which way, but the meal always ends with me saying, "Meh. What's the big deal with lobster anyway?" (For more on that reaction, this is a fun read: deadspin.com/how-to-cook). I figured I'd just have to plan a vacation to Maine some day where I could taste the good stuff, fresh from the ocean and prepared the way it should be.Suddenly over the past couple of months, I've noticed a few new food trucks popping up advertising New England-style lobster rolls.  Some surprisingly delicious eats can be had from the trucks in our local scene, so decided to give lobster another try.  My first stop was a different truck, not Garbo's, and it was okay but nothing I'd want to go out of my way to repeat.Then I began to see the photos from Garbo's...  the giant chunks of succulent lobster, very lightly dressed, and bursting from the top of the roll.  I read about how she comes from a family in the lobster business and that she ships her fish fresh daily from the east coast. She even served it two ways, either with lemon tarragon butter or traditional mayo dressing. I knew I had to go there, that *this* could be the lobster for me.First try was a bust: I arrived too late (75 minutes after opening) and she was sold out for the day. "Never mind the apologies, I'll take whatever you have," I say. Clam chowder it was, and what a delight! Delicate and plentiful chunks of perfectly cooked clams, with tender potatoes and crispy bacon in a buttery, creamy broth. OMG, heavenly on a brisk day. Soooo good.Next time was the charm: got in line a few minutes before opening, my heart racing with anticipation. I ordered the $16 lobster roll meal, Connecticut style (with the lemon butter dressing), served with Cape Cod kettle chips, slaw, and a bottle of Maine Root ginger beer.  It was windy and chilly outside after a night of spring hail storming, so our group huddled in a sun beam and proceeded to chow down.  Ahhhhhhh! Angels singing! Finally, the perfectly cooked lobster meat I'd known had to exist somewhere in this town! Mild, plump, tender, juicy, abundant, and fresh-fresh-fresh!  I could have done without the Sweetish Hill bun (which was totally fine), as I only wanted to be alone with my preshhhhh-cious sea floor walker....  Maybe Heidi will read this review and begin offering the gluten-free lobster roll option, served on a bed of 3 bibb lettuce leaves for making perfectly delicate lobster lettuce wraps?Not into lobster (or maybe can't stand the idea of a $16 lunch at a truck)? Garbo's usually has another option or two as daily specials that could get you under $10-11. The two times I've been, the special has been crab salad sliders, and you best believe I'll be trying that next.Know before you go: FB and Twitter (linked from the top left corner of the Garbo's website) are the most up-to-date ways to find out where the truck will be parked each day and when they will be open. She sticks mostly to north Austin locations around 183 & Mopac, but I heard her say she is going to start doing a Monday lunch downtown sometime soon. Go now before she runs out!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,10/29/2013,235,378,5,10,12>All the good reviews this place has-yes to all of them. My experience was highlighted by the fabulous company. My only regret is that I got full fast and wasn't able to try as much as I wanted. Which will just give me an excuse to come back.  The cocktails are well thought out and creative, and the food was delicious.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/28/2013,64,136,14,7,6>Im making this short and sweet cuz' I'm writing this betwixt bites... OhMyDam!If this gyro sandwich was wearing high heels I would marry it!I am alternately grunting (while looking around to see who is watching/can hear me) and humming some nonsensical tune.... I AM SO HAPPII (if you go there you get the reference)
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/27/2013,82,178,5,5,9>The service here was really very good. I had a great cocktail made of Deep Eddy Ruby Red + St. Germaine, two of the most delicious liquids ever made. Wife had a Sex Bob-omb, featuring an actual popsicle. We had to rush out to try to buy some Ruby Red, but we'll have to come back ASAP.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/26/2013,167,132,1,7,7>My wife and I were looking for a quality, traditional Sunday Brunch in Austin, TX and found it at the 1886 Cafe & Bakery in the historic Driskill Hotel. Since we weren't staying at the Driskill Hotel, we attempted to make brunch reservations using their website which re-directs you to the OpenTable.com website. There we found no reservations available within 2 1/2 hours of our preferred time. So, we decided to take a chance and go as walk-ins. The hostess was very friendly and advised us it would be about 20 minutes before a table was available. She took our name and my cell phone number so she could call to let us know when a table was ready. We decided to sit at the bar inside the cafe, order Bloody Mary's ($6 ea) and wait for her call. The only oddity is that you must order a food item to be served alcohol. I don't know if this is a state or local law, but to comply, we ordered a blueberry muffin ($3). Within 15 minutes, the hostess called and advised us a table was ready. We sat outside on the patio overlooking Sixth Street (the weather was relatively mild, but we wouldn't recommend this during hot summer months). The server was prompt and very friendly. My wife ordered "Brazos Huevo Rancheros" ($13) and I had their "Traditional Eggs Benedict" ($13). Both meals were served quickly, hot, and very delicious! We enjoyed our brunch while "people watching".After we ate, we took a brief, self-guided tour of the immaculate and ornate hotel lobby and meeting spaces on the mezzanine level. The Driskill was built in 1885 (or '86, depending on what source you read) and has a rich past including a relatively more recent history as the location where late President Lyndon Johnson awaited the outcome of his Senate, Vice President, and Presidential election results. The hotel's presidential suite is named "LBJ" in his honor.We found the service to be friendly and comfortably prompt. We also found the prices of their drinks and meals to be less than average for the high quality and fascinating location. We highly recommend Sunday Brunch in the 1886 Cafe & Bakery!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,10/25/2013,35,125,3,6,5>We visited on a Friday night with some other couples and had a wonderful time (I did notice quite a collection of handsome bachelors at the bar, so no date necessary, girls!). The music was wonderful and the food was quite good.  We loved the crab cakes, which were full of fresh crab and served with matchstick fries my date compared to salt & vinegar fries, along with an interesting cold slaw (caraway seeds?)They have a fairly good beer selection and a good mixologist.  I ignored the wine list (sorry!)
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,10/24/2013,19,108,9,8,8>Just so you know, I gained ten pounds in the parking lot, inhaling the mouth-watering meat aromas wafting from the mecca of a carnivore's delight---Estancia Churrascaria. Once inside, the friendly hostess brought us to our party which was already seated. I declined a pass at the salad bar, although my taste buds were summoning the crisp cucumbers and juicy tomatoes on display. I ordered a Coke, and it came in an 8.5 fl.oz bottle. After that, the feasting began.I sunk my teeth into the soft cloud of Brazilian cheese bread, and I was lifted to heaven. The cheesy puff between the warm bread was delightful to the tongue. I lost count of all the meats I tried in a jaw-crunching frenzy , but I know that the sausage, filet mignon with bacon, leg of lamb, chicken, and picanha were seasoned and cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes complemented the variety of meat, and the polenta, cornmeal with powdered sugar, was delicious. The service was unbeatable. Waiters were attentive and always on their feet, refilling our drinks, replacing our plates, offering more varieties of meat. It was nothing less than perfection.We'll be back when another special occasion presents itself. Until then thoughts of those ten pounds I inhaled pre-meal will be enough to keep my meat-loving taste buds satiated.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/23/2013,161,86,8,20,13>You guys, we need to have a talk about bad neighborhoods. White Swan isn't in one. I'm sure anyone who has lived in almost any other city in the USA already knows this, but there is no neighborhood in Austin that is really truly "ghetto," or even highly unsafe (if you're not a dumbass, or occasionally incredibly unlucky). The crime stats for 12th and Chicon are pretty similar to those of the "nice" neighborhood in Hyde Park I used to live in. Chew on that for a second, and then go a block in any direction off 12th; you'll see lovely well kept homes with nice cars on quiet streets.I'm not bringing all of this up because there's no way to review an intersection on Yelp (although wouldn't it be fun if there was), but because y'all need to get over the institutional racism that's been ingrained into Austin's street layout for generations (no seriously, look it up), and head on over to White Swan for some cheap strong drinks and a kickass show. There's rarely a cover (and please don't bitch when there is, it goes to the bands to pay for the things bands need so they can keep making music for you), the sound system is better than that of a number of more centrally located bars, and did I mention the drinks are cheap? Hungry? That's cool, they just got a food truck in the backyard, and I hear it's pretty tasty.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,10/22/2013,611,369,8,7,9>Cheap drinks! Who doesn't love cheap drinks?! This place was friendly, slightly busy, but nowhere near crowded. It's a place you go to play pool, or sometimes poker, and to pound a ton of $2.50 wells! It's in that "No Man's Land" area of downtown, right by where Brown Bar used to be. I'd say it's a great destination for a certain type of man who likes a certain type of man. Wiiiiiiink. (It's a bear bar!)  I'll go back, especially if I need a buzz without breaking the bank.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,10/21/2013,100,128,5,12,12>I thought I should add to my original review that after more than two years of frequenting Noble Pig I have concluded that this place is much more than a sandwich shop or even a restaurant.  The Noble Pig is a purveyor of culinary art to the masses.  These guys are preparing gourmet meals, disguising them as sandwiches, and selling them to the public at prices nearly everyone can afford.  Sure the owners have impressive credentials and they likely could open another trendy high end restaurant in the heart of Austin and make good money doing it.  Who knows maybe that is what they end up doing at some future date but it won't be a special as what they have accomplished at this dilapidated strip center out here in burbs.  Here the common man can experience and learn to appreciate foods and flavor combinations on a daily basis that he might not be able to afford in dollars or time anywhere else.  Where else does one encounter "duck pastrami with Russian dressing and rye pickles" or dare to eat "seared beef tongue with smoked green onions, red pepper relish and aioli"?  Through their regular menu and their exotic daily specials these people are exposing their patrons to an amazing variety of flavor combinations that the average imagination doesn't conjure on their own.  Who wakes up and says "You know I want to make a sandwich today with spiced pork, mozzarella cheese, and seared Brussels sprouts."?  It doesn't just end with sandwiches on fresh baked bread.  They make their own pickles, potato salads, soups, terrines (hell, I had to look up what a terrine is exactly), chocolate tarts with slivers of crunchy bacon, cookies, dark chocolate filled croissants, and on and on.  And. if that isn't enough, Brandon, John, and their staff bring you all this with a smile on their faces and joy in their hearts.I don't know how these guys could provide a greater service than they do.  Sure they make the best sandwiches in town but they also open their patrons' eyes to creative possibilities of complementary foods that amaze and stimulate the palate.  They are bringing food and culture to the people and they aren't charging an arm and a leg to do it.  Noble Pig, you should be very proud of yourselves.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,10/20/2013,139,134,5,19,11>WOW! What a delightful surprise this new restaurant was! It's very rare that after I dine at a place, that I immediately post a review. I've driven by this place, which is tucked in the corner of a strip mall, several times before I noticed it was finally open. We decided to order the crab rangoons as the appetizer. They came out stuffed with crab and cream cheese mixture and were piping hot. They served it with your typical sweet and sour sauce (nothing special)- Great start! I ordered the usual Pho with brisket and round steak. #PO2, my co-worker ordered the frid pork sandwich. When the food arrived, I was surprised to see how large the bowl of Pho was! Fresh condiments, basil, bean sporuts, and jalapenos. Extra jalapenos of course! Co-worker's fried pork sandwich was amazing in his words. Just the right portion of meats and vegetables, fresh bread, and cilatro added for a special touch.The service was excellent, and I will definitely be frequeting this place quite it bit, since it's so close! Who wants to PHO?
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/19/2013,4221,482,7,12,13>Well I had a helluva time here at DFGN on a recent Friday night - - which happened to be their "Grand Opening" - - offering half off on appetizers?!?  Aww yeah I'm all game for a deal on Asian cuisine.  Bright trailer, very busy, they're cutting up some veggies and it looks so appetizing.  I asked for a recommendation, she says the DFG for sure - - honey soy glazed pork belly, cucumber, cilantro, wrapped in pan cripsed malay bread, finished with chicken curry.  Normally $5.50 but it's half off - - AWWW YEAH!!  That sounds good, let's do it up.  We'll have 1 of these and then hit the bars, don't want to fill up too soon. A few minutes pass, here comes our DFG, it's piping hot and I get some spicy sauce on the side.  To no avail I put some on and take a bite - - wow!  It really floored me - - awesome flavors mixing together, and I totally love the malay bread it's wrapped in - - way better than a tortilla I tell ya!  I get the curry, some pork, sweetness, hot, cilantro, it's literally so damn good I take a couple more bites until my friend Cosmo's like "dude - - half that's supposed to be mine....".  Oh, mah fault.  Here you go.  Cosmo's reaction - - the same, he totally dug it.  It was so dang good that we came back to DFGN when the bars closed out to order another one of those awesome DFG appetizers.  It tasted just as good as the first - - can't get enough!  Customer service was superb!  The owner was there, she was very nice and attentive, the other staff were very prompt, courteous, and quick with the execution.  They also gave us "goodie bags" filled with cookies for their grand opening, and they had free beer...?!?  Wowsers.  The food is very tasty and unique, one of a kind.  To me that make this a perfect 5-star experience, can't wait to try the other items on their menu along w/ that awesome DFG Appetizer!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,10/18/2013,255,164,22,25,19>The only night I ever go to Nasty's is Monday night, for DJ Mel's weekly hip hop dance party.DJ Mel gets five stars. All day, every day. He never fails to rock the party, which he's been doing there for seriously like 17 years, or something close to it.Nasty's, on the other hand, has it's ups and downs..On the positive tip, they have a great beer selection, effective but reasonable bouncers, and a decent patio to cool your heels on. They also have a dancefloor / stage, where MANY a booty has been shook.(Booty Math - {avg. 20-30 booties every week x 52 weeks x 17 years = 22,100 booties!})On the downside are the surly bartenders, who are efficient, but about as courteous as you'd expect for a dive bar.. And the men's bathroom. This must be where Nasty's gets its name. Down the end of a hallway, you'll find a solitary toilet (no urinal) that is rarely flushed because the handle is hidden under a wooden tank cover. Then back through that hall you'll see a sink that is only occasionally used as a rinsing station because there's rarely any soap or paper towels. Keep that in mind when you're handling that pool cue, no pun intended.Nasty's is also home to the Austin Huns rugby team. They generally stay away on Monday nights, but the team congregated on the patio one cool autumn's eve a few years ago, while I was moppin the dance sweat from my brow. They began to chant, "MONKEY BOY!!, MONKEY BOY!!, MONKEY BOY!!", and a guy separated himself from the group...then that guy began to strip all his clothes off.When he was fully buck nekkid, (and I felt a little bad for him because the chilly air had caused significant shrinkage) the frenzied chanting group poured beer all over his back while he strutted around on all fours, lookin like an albino silverback gorilla.Quite a sight, lemme tell ya.. Ah, team sports.Anyway, I'll be back for many hip hop nights to come. It's the only sure-fire reliable place to dance on a weeknight.. Long live Monkey Boy!!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,10/17/2013,24,64,8,11,10>They have buttermilk pie.  That alone should make it a four star review, but they also have great burgers, cold beers and a full bar.  My buddy and I arrived late one Saturday night to grab a bite in between sets at the Saxon and One2One and we shared one end of a family style table with a couple of hipsters who showed up on single speed bikes.  The food was hot, cheap and tasty.  They have these sliders called "Lil' Stinkers" which are super heavy on the roasted garlic!  The carnitas are graced with some kind of chili that makes them more Texmex than bar food, but trust me - t*e*n*d*e*r!  It's not exactly a place for groups and parking can be sketchy, but brave the hipsters for one of South Lamar's new and very decent bar/food spot.  Just be careful where you park your single speed.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,10/16/2013,246,155,18,10,12>Deer Bentleh,Mah naim iz Lilleh. Me n mah brudder Bayleh went too dah Gohd Ribun Reskew (Mom's edit: Gold Ribbon Rescue) Valuntime pardi/fundrazer n got too try ur cake. It wuz sooooo gud! Nomnomnomz, ah iz droolin jus tinkin uhbout it. Danks fur donaytin to a grate kauz!Luhz,Lillehn Bayleh. But Bayleh stil dunno how to rite yet.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,10/15/2013,47,102,7,26,8>OK. I had to write this. I have been going here since I was a wee lad. Even went after my High school graduation and  now I take my son. I don't eat fish but what I do LOVE is the hushpuppies. They are awesome! That and a root beer in a frozen mug and I am a happy camper.To those reviewing this place that have never eaten here/visited. Being a yelper I do NOT like people reviewing based on what someone else said. This is a review of YOUR experience. I feel like it really takes the integrity of Yelp down. If the allegations are true than it sounds awful. The parents of the child should be the only to write a review and people who were eating there alongside. It's like Amy's bakery all over again. (EXIT SOAPBOX) So in the end the place is yummy enough and we will go back. Had I seen this situation people are reffering to maybe my opinion would be different.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,10/14/2013,436,460,11,19,14>Dive bar fans unite! Riley's is such a monumental place for Texas beer drinking history.  From being the oldest bar in the state since prohibition, to the building's 'boom town' ties to Missouri-Pacific Railroad this little dive has held its own. The bartenders are great and if you're lucky or nice enough you will be rewarded with a free drink token. This is one of those 'bring your out of towners' places to get a true Texas dive experience. I like to compare it to South Austin's Red Shed Tavern with its biker bar tendencies.  It's also out in the sticks so if you're not in the mood to hit up the San Marcos square, this is a very low-key place to chill, drink, and enjoy some live music.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/13/2013,421,603,7,19,8>First to note. 123 noodle should not be mapped from yelp. It takes you to the middle of a wells branch neighborhood that looks devoid of all things yummy. The address is correct though. Its by the goodwill on parmer ln. I visited after working myself into insane hunger and looking for quick lunch nearby. I found this listing, located in the foodcourt of an international foodstore. I called found out they had no MSG in their food ( rare!), and also had gluten free options. They were helpful in picking entrees ( simple, tasty options,) had super tasty food ( the glass noodle bowl with all sorts of yumminess...quail eggs, shrimp, bean sprouts) was awesome, and they have all sorts of sauces and things to choose from. Their soup ( I assume they use the same for Pho broth) was delicious.I will be visiting again for some pho and some bun, but may try something out of my comfort zone every once and a while.  Highly recommend you stopping by if you are in the area!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,10/12/2013,147,191,4,7,4>This was such a fun class! As a road biker, the appeal of sitting in a dark room with loud music, biking in place was interesting but weird to me at first (it's like a club? but you're exercising? you're on a bike, but you're not outside?). I admit I was a little skeptical that I'd get a full body workout but after the yelp ride with Keoni, I am absolutely sold. FITNESS: It was intense burn of most likely 800 calories as they say, and we also had hand weights where we did reps to Nicki Minaj and Britney, rowing and swimming and setting volleyballs. We also used the full range of the resistance (cycling up the "desert sane dune" was the most challenging part for me) and used all four "gears" (different forearm positions) on the bike, which I loved. While we were getting ready for the class, a few instructors walked around and quickly helped us get clipped in and adjusted our seats. The bikes were a lot closer together than I had imagined, but you rent shoes for free and they're Shimano, dang. You get a towel and free parking, but bring water. INSTRUCTOR:Keoni was awesome at pushing the class to give their best, not to mention he's absolutely hilarious and yelled totally tweetable exercise one-liners ("Britney. (beat) VMA's. (beat) Snake around your neck. (beat) Green skirt"). He also threw in some headbanging periodically throughout the songs, which encourages the concert experience haha. Would highly recommend him as an instructor! I'm giving them 5 stars because the experience was awesome and I think people are pleased with the effort and potential that they can definitely tap into in one of their classes, but I'm rounding up from a 4.5 because of the following reasons: LOCKERS:The personal lockers are a great idea and you instantly set them up with your own code, although you note that you don't have to press very hard at all.This was confusing to me that they're touch keypads since when you emerge from the class you're physically beat and sweaty all over. The buttons beep, but very quietly.. but mostly everyone else got them to work so that was just on my part. If you have trouble like I did, the ladies behind the desk can easily unlock it for your inept self. PRICE:Also, classes regularly are at least $20 (slightly cheaper for students). I can see this being a big setback for people since places like 24-hour also offer spinning classes within their membership, but CYC's website says you get your first class for free, which you should definitely take them up on! All in all, lots of climbing, lots of music, lots of fun, so yeah I'd say it's kind of like a club. I think CYC has a great personality if that makes any sense. I'm excited to see their success in the future and would love to go back.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/11/2013,1205,498,3,11,5>We consumed some chicken korma with rice and a bread basket....the onion is our favorite nan.  We tried a new item that was fantastic, paneer pasanda....cheese with tomato sauce and a whole bunch of other savory things, this is our new favorite.  My wife had the ginger spiced chai hot tea and I enjoyed a chikoo sapota shake, both were gone before we left, we waddled out with enough leftovers for another meal for both of us.....might be our breakfast if we can't hold off till lunch.  Great food and equally great service, we really enjoy eating at a place with this kind of quality and attention to details.  We posted some pics of the food we thoroughly enjoyed, now it's your turn to enjoy!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,10/10/2013,168,88,4,10,9>Imagine the feeling of doing yoga and getting a massage while you eat - that peaceful buzz is what you can expect when dining at Cafe de Luz. I know it sounds hokey, but I believe food does your body better when you enjoy it in a peaceful environment. Crunchy pontificating aside, you'll notice the vibe of this place immediate. Walking up, you pass zen gardens and peaceful arbors. The music inside is of the spa flute variety, and mostly people talk amongst themselves quietly and with a slight tinge of reverence. It's not what you would consider a rowdy joint. You pay when you enter, $12 for what will be a goodly amount of food. Dessert is extra, and you pay when you retrieve it. Start off by serving yourself salad, soup, and the twig tea, which sounds gnarly but is actually lovely. While you're sitting and dining, a server will come over and deliver you a plate of food comprised of whatever they're serving that night. Kind of like surprise dinner - I actually love not having to order. I've never had the experience of the food being anything other than delicious and well flavored. I also have about a million food allergies, which Cafe De Luz manages to accomodate just by preparing the food that they do. Bring your veg sister-in-law here when she comes to visit, she'll rave. It's a total experience. If they have any kind of coconut milk pudding that day, do yourself a favor and get some. Creamy, slightly sweet, and healthy, it'll change the way you think about dessert.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,10/9/2013,398,533,16,16,16>This place is sooooo adorable!   It's local, can be found right in the middle of a neighborhood, and the staff is super sweet.  Their menu has great range and it's one of those rare places that does everything well.  I like their breakfast items, tuna sandwich, coffee, and ability to split checks at the register.Protips:1) Check the chalkboard for specials - I got the biscuits and gravy last time and it was fantastic.2) You have the option of making your pancakes chocolate chip, in case you're in the mood to eat like a 12-year old.3) All the ala carte items are very reasonable so you can build your fantasy meal with eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, oatmeal, etc.On a side note, last time I went, there were 3 parties on the wait list named Alison/Alyson/Allison! THREE!  It's a freaking miracle / Alison convention.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,10/8/2013,111,378,4,14,13>That sound you heard? That was us devouring our leftover wedding cake, piece by piece, every night of our honeymoon. It was magical. I might have settled on a cheap venue and a cheap(ish) dress, but straight up Wedding Cake is something that I deeply value. We knew Sugar Mama's wouldn't be cheap, but neither of us can stand grocery store cake. And to me, most wedding cakes and their frostings are too chemically.Getting a meeting with Andrea took a few rounds of phone tag, but our sit down meeting was perfect. She somehow knew exactly what we wanted, and how to incorporate the topper I'd brought. I mean, she put gold dust on our cake. Ridiculous, right?Set up at the venue was a dream, and they used my vintage silver trays for the mini-cupcakes. The decorating on each one was perfect. Sugar Mama's went above and beyond to make sure we had a wonderful cake. And they'll bake us something tasty on our one year anniversary, included! You can't resist. Add them to your cake tasting schedule.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,10/7/2013,121,212,,7,5>It's not Home Slice, but East Side makes a darn tasty takeout pizza.  If you prefer thin crust pizza - this is truly thin, wafer thin crust.  One note I'd give them is that the pizza ends up a bit on the limp side.  I'd prefer a bit more crispness, but it's hard to tell whether the pizza needs to bake more, or whether it gets limp in the box.Regardless, however, it's a mighty tasty pizza - good quality ingredients and a super tasty sauce.  Definitely ranks in the top few pies in town.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,10/6/2013,50,97,5,8,4>I've been here twice, and both times I had the pad thai (duh) and shrimp spring rolls. The dipping sauce w/ the spring rolls is amazing.  Even after I finished the spring rolls, I saved the side of sauce to roll around in/drink.  Or maybe I just poured the rest of it on my pad thai.  Either way,it rocks.The pad thai is great, too! I'm picky, and I have had several pad thai dishes in Austin that weren't really up to par.  My friend comes here allll the time, so the waiters are always nice to us.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,10/5/2013,24,34,42,24,22>Wait, what? Why have I not reviewed this place before?Look, I gotta tell you, this is the best place in the entire universe to take your dog, unless your dog is afraid of beauty and life and all that is good, in which case, I'm sorry, that sounds awful, your poor dog.We try to bring our infant baby dog (she's 2) here at least once every weekend because if we don't, she goes crazy and hulks out and tears apart our house and destroys everything we care about, but can you blame her?When you turn into the park from Lamar, drive a little ways--hey, slow down! wtf there are kids on bikes here, dude--and then turn left at the first place you can. Then park your car in one of the designated spaces, although, good luck with that, seriously, cuz this place is awesome and everyone is already here, and then walk your dog--on leash, for gods sake, on leash at this point, don't be premature--to the trail head. At the trail head you will find a dispenser of doggy bags, and I guess you can put leftover food in them if you want, but they're really meant for picking up dog poop. Take one--or two, depending on your dog's culinary/excretory habits.And where the sign says, "OFF LEASH BEYOND THIS POINT," or something similarly glorious, do the emphatic release of your leash's little clippy thing, and let your dog finally ruuuuun freeeeeee.Now, this park is beautiful, and there's an awesome creek, and awesome trees, and tons of dogs running around screaming their heads off because they can't believe how lucky they are to be alive in such a beautiful place, especially when life is so short and fleeting, and what does it all mean really, BUT. (I'm sorry about that giant but, but I have to do it.) There are these really creepy things lurking all over the park, and they move really fast, and they squeak and groan and creak, and they are terrible. They are called bikes. And while bikes are fine in some places, they are annoying as balls in this park, mostly because my infant baby dog thinks she should chase them, and for some reason bike riders don't like that.There really is a constant epic battle raging in this park between bikers and doggers, and it sucks, but look, here's some real talk for you: Most of the bikers are hella cool, and even when my dumb dog chases them and growls and tries to sound tough even though she is a total wuss, they are like, "aw, no worries, man, I have a dog too, I know how it is, here, let me stop for a moment while you grab your seemingly-but-not-really enraged pooch, and then I'll just be on my way." And I am always like wow, that is so nice.But sometimes, rarely, but still sometimes, there is some guy who is like THIS PARK IS ON-LEASH PUT YOUR DOG ON A LEASH, even though sir, no disrespect, but you are illiterate, and you can't assume a sign says something when in fact it might say the exact opposite. And in this case it does.Our rule is, we know our dog is a doofus, so when we hear a bike coming (as long as it's not a super stealth sneaky bike), we grab her collar, and just hang to the side of the trail for a sec while they go by. And they seem to like this and might say something like "Thanks!" or whatever the word for thanks is in their language.Also, I'm wasting too much time talking about bikes when I should mention that there are no words to describe how cool this park is for a dog who wants nothing more than to be leash-free for a few brief moments a week.Sometimes there are snakes.Other times there are dead deer carcasses. One time a woman was getting wasted drinking liquor out of a gatorade bottle down by the lagoon, but then she said my dog was beautiful, so I was like drink whatever you want wherever you want, ma'am.Wear comfortable shoes.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,10/4/2013,235,240,3,6,5>I love love love this place. I can't believe it took me so long to get here. Their pastry display is torture, though. I had the Sweet Turkey sandwich (of course) but on sourdough instead of croissant, and felt like crying when it was gone. SAD!I wish I could eat here every day!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/3/2013,93,90,3,8,5>Forget Barton Springs!This is my new pool. I have no idea why it took me 5+ years to visit this place (i think they were closed for some of that time, so i'll give myself a break) It's easy to access, you might have to avoid parking near the entrance, but parking on the other side of Lake Austin is just a short walk. There's plenty of shade to enjoy, without fear of blistering sunburns. No gross plants at the bottom, this is a real (spring-fed) pool! There are designated lanes for lap swim in the deep end, but you can still enjoy a half of the deep side to doggie paddle your cares away. The shallow side seems to be crowded with children most days, but it's good for easing into the cold water. The deeper end seems to be warmer than the shallow- I think the spring feeds on shallow side and then goes to the deep? Could be wrong. Bring a book, bring a friend, bring a big towel, and stay awhile.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,10/2/2013,117,181,7,7,7>I can't believe it has taken me so long to review this place. I basically lived here about every day my junior and senior years. It's one of the most amazing places to study, especially during the fall when it isn't so muggy.The first thing you will notice is how bad the parking is. Don't even bother trying to park in the main lot. Just find a spot on the street or in the large lot across the street. Hula Hut and Abels share this lot with Mozart's. The deck is huge though. Anyone who likes having a mocha outdoors near the water will like this place.Hot Mochas in the fall, Iced Mochas in the Summer. I didn't visit this place much when I needed wifi, because the wifi is notoriously slow/bad unless you have a seat inside. It was more of a spot where I could read and study my existing notes. All I know is I defeated my economics statistics class because of my Mozart's study marathons.The only negative, is that I wish it was 24 hours like Epoch. Otherwise I love this place.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,10/1/2013,278,170,4,5,5>To find authentic Jamaican Jerk Chicken in Austin is like going to Jamaica and hoping to find authentic Texas barbecue. And Texas barbecue, to my knowledge, doesn't exist in Jamaica, both per my Texas Jamaican friend's experience, and my having searched over there when I attended her wedding a few years back.  Granted, we didn't travel the entire island, but I assure you we tried many, many different types of barbecue and nothing came close to Texan style.  What we did enjoy, however, was a plethora of true-to-the-bone, finger-licking good Jerk chicken.  And the best of it was often made by huts that lined the sides of the road in the middle of nowhere as opposed to the watered down versions served in resorts and restaurants recommended by your shady cab driver. Now, I'm not an expert on Jerk chicken but I assure you that Tony's version reminded me exactly of the best, best Jerk chicken we had over there.  The only difference was the rice and chicken in Jamaica was also topped off with a julienned carrot and cabbage slaw salad.  That was a brilliant idea because it complemented the spiciness of the jerk sauce and made you feel the dish was completing your daily recommended allowance of veggies.  But, everything else was an almost exact replica of the true island-style delicacy.  Most of the chicken pieces were easy to cut through with the flimsy plastic fork provided. I only had one chunk of chicken that made me wish I carried a steak knife in my purse.  But I just manned up, and grabbed that piece with my hands and attacked it. I attacked it in such an unladylike way, y'all should be happy I don't carry a knife in my purse.The first place I'll ever take my Jamaican friend to in Austin will be Tony's just to get a confirmation on it's authenticity, but until she comes back stateside, you guys will just have to take my word for it.  I'm happy several other reviewers have already pointed out this place's authenticity.  And I've mentioned this in many a Yelp review; before trying the food, look around and identify the clientele.  If the majority look and sound like they are originally from the place where that food originates from, that speaks volumes in and of itself.The ambience was awesome, too. Some women even got up and danced, perhaps because they had no choice because of the music. Which brings me to why I'm ducking a star. I went on a Saturday afternoon and the music was way too loud for a comfortable eating experience.  In fact, it was so loud, I saw several residents in the funky orange building across the lot come out on their balconies and shake their heads.  Now, the last time I made a suggestion to a Jamaican, I was put in my place. I was at a bar in Negril when I walked up to the DJ and asked if he could play "Your Love is Wicked***" by Brick and Lace (a two-girl Jamaican band version of The Dixie Chicks). The guy looks at me and in the stereotypical Jamaican accent responds "Nah, mon, ease up, do I look like an iPod to ya". So, I am very bashful of approaching any Jamaican brother in control of his beat box and making any suggestions as to what or how loud the music should be.  But it was blaring and obnoxiously loud, to the point of making any dining experience, or attempted conversations with a friend painfully difficult.        PS*** - If you guys like listening to different kinds of music, I highly suggest Brick and Laces'  "Your Love is Wicked" - it's authentic Jamaican pop with a contagious beat
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/30/2013,141,122,6,9,5>Aster's lunch buffet: hands down, bar none, the most comforting comfort food in Austin. Period.Prior to Friday I had never tried Ethiopian food. I was actually scared of it because friends of mine had dined at a few Boston establishments and were pretty grossed out. Alas, I leave no stone unturned in the culinary world so when a co-worker suggested we check out for their African fare I was cautiously optimistic. I did NOT plan to be blown away.I was.Granted, this place doesn't look like much. In fact the combination of the building of the neighborhood is reminiscent of the Brazilian Churrascaria from Bridesmaids and we all know how well that turned out. The inside isn't much better, there is literally astro turf in the dining area and it's easy to perceive the buffet as a bunch of metal tins with slop. The staff isn't going to hold your hand either, but that's OK. Once you take a bite of the most comforting food I've ever eaten, you won't need any other comforts.I tried everything and so should you. I would, however, recommend the Doro Wott (Ethiopia's national dish), Azifa style lentils and the Keyi Siga Wott. But really, everything is delicious. DO NOT let the bread scare you. I know it looks weird, I only had a bite, it's not integral.So, if you are vegan/vegetarian, a meat & potatoes lover, fan of spice, Indian food eater or just plain open minded and HUNGRY.. run, don't walk, to Aster's for lunch.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,9/29/2013,322,621,4,17,12>Sometimes you just gotta go with it.After far too many years of excuses and promises broken, I finally made it to the Cottage Kitchen yesterday.  And I'm glad that I did.This quaint little restaurant on the banks of the San Marcos River at the corner of C. M. Allen and Hopkins is just a stone's throw from the Square.  It's open only two hours a week on Friday from 11-1, and it's closed during major holidays as well as part of the summer.  Yet, if you can make it when they're open, you get treated to a fine meal, along with a bit of San Marcos history, and you participate in a preservation effort.   This isn't a commercial venture; it's all strictly volunteer and non-profit, benefiting the San Marcos Heritage Association.  Each week, a civic-minded organization provides the staff and the food for a one-of-a-kind dining experience.You have to appreciate when you walk up the steps that you're entering a restored Greek Revival house that's just shy of 150 years old--the oldest remaining residential building in San Marcos.  After all, you're setting foot in the home of the second mayor of San Marcos, Charles S. Cock.  (Yes, to get the obvious puerile humor out of the way, some San Martians indeed do jokingly refer to this as "The Cock House")The Cottage Kitchen is a friendly place, where first-time visitors are welcomed and offered an opportunity to know a bit of the history of the Heritage Association and their efforts, which date back to the US Bicentennial.  If you're dining alone, expect to be encouraged to share your table and make a friend in the process.  Service hit that perfect mix of attentive and Texas-polite, without ever becoming obsequious; it's also fast because all plates are the same.Lunch is $7 cash (no tipping) but donations to benefit the Heritage Association are welcomed and appreciated.  There are tables, both large and small, and, due to the size of the restaurant, I'd advise early arrival to avoid a wait.  After all, this place does have its share of regulars.  I understand there's a group of ladies who drive up from Luling every Friday for lunch and a social visit.There is a menu, but that's defined by the organization sponsoring that week's luncheon and it is posted in advance on the Heritage Association of San Marcos website as well as on the porch blackboard.  On the day I went, lunch consisted of:- Pulled Pork Sandwich- Green Beans- Cole Slaw- Carrot Sticks- Iced Tea or Coffee- Assorted DessertsI was even offered seconds, but I declined since the plate I was served was more than generous.One thing that caught me totally off-guard is the order of operations.  It seems it's de rigeur to choose your dessert upon entering.  That's a foreign concept to me, and, through some minor miracle I still don't understand, I was somehow able to forestall dessert selection until mid-meal.  But, you see, there's a method to the madness.  Folks come here for the desserts, it seems, and those who choose early have the best selection.  That's the reason for the mad rush!  I was able to get a delicious bowl of cobbler and ice cream on the day I went, but appreciate that the homemade desserts I had are as varied as the menu and the week's hosts, so your mileage may vary.  Insider tip: I hear the chocolate desserts always go first.I realize I'm writing this on a week when all the Austin buzz is about Paul Qui's new business venture.  I'm certain this unadorned review of a simple place will be awash and lost in the storm.  You know, I've never met Paul Qui.  Maybe I'll meet him some day, maybe I won't, but I definitely consider myself fortunate not to have missed the opportunity to make the acquaintance of Mary Compton.  And, Mary, if you're listening, you made a friend yesterday.  I hope to be a regular.[NOTE: Cottage Kitchen will be closed July-August and reopens in September.]
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,9/28/2013,393,621,4,3,4>The crowds don't lie.  I've had the same snowcone/snowball twice from Sweet Caroline's.  The Texas Two-Step, which has cherry and cola flavoring, doesn't taste like a cherry coke, but like cola syrup and cherry drizzled over super-finely ground ice.   In other words, all of the flavor of a cherry coke without the carbonated bloat.I'd come back more often, but the crowds of soccer moms using this as a daytime detour for their kids keeps me away.  The terminal bachelor in me has found my Kryptonite -- large crowds of little kids.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,9/27/2013,309,299,5,8,5>Hi ... I'd like.. the chocolate covered bacon... mmmmm.. Yeah the chocolate covered bacon is what its all about here. This trailer is like a state fair stand. They have corn dogs and everything under the sun fried.The corn-dogs are made fresh and you can tell they are battered shortly before you order them and deep fried. I haven't had corn dogs this good since my youth. The deep fried Oreo's are as good as any I've ever had and I wouldn't doubt the quality of anything else coming out their window.The real attraction here is the chocolate covered bacon. I'm not sure what kind of chocolate it is.. but when you bite into it and you taste that chocolate goodness and then your suddenly left with a mouth full of bacon.. you know whats up... its good. Go here.. get the chocolate covered bacon.. skip everything else.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,9/26/2013,514,316,5,7,8>I love this place, with great coffee and beer (mostly the beer, honestly) and their friendly staff. There's always a spare table and a spare plug for my nearly always dead apple devices and a happy hour so you can forget how long you've been working on that research paper.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,9/24/2013,185,122,10,18,16>This was my first real ramen experience.Before I talk about the food, let me talk about the service. It was really good. I was greeted at the door and taken to a table immediately. The people working here are nice, mostly business, no bullshit, which in my book isn't a bad thing. They will check on you at regular intervals to make sure if you needed anything else. I was always referred to as sir, which I personally think no one should call me, but I still appreciate them maintaining a professional environment where everyone was treated respectfully!!We also ordered edmame, which was basically steamed edmame with salt. Pretty easy. Something you shouldn't screw up, and they didn't.Ok the food now...I ordered the veggie ramen. I got add-ons of sweet corn, chilli oil and pickled ginger. The first 2 were what I expected, really fresh corn, and a nice spicy oil. The ginger however was different. Unlike the pickled ginger that you get with sushi or regular sushi shops, this one was very salty and vinegary. I was expecting a milder, sweeter ginger. (*insert jokes about gingers*) In fact I think a milder, sweeter ginger would go well with the salty broth, and the added saltiness from the chilli oil. The noodles were perfectly cooked, the broth was delicious, the vegetables fresh, pretty much all you want from a bowl of ramen. My dinner partner ordered the Michi ramen, which she loved!!We also ordered some sake, which they serve cold, and was very tasty and refreshing.At this point, let me take a minute to point out that me and my dinner partner basically ate all the food that was in front of us. We were hungry, and everything was very, very delicious!!! We still went ahead and ordered some mochi ice cream.Next up mochi ice cream. We ordered the pistachio and the sakura (cherry blossom) because I love pistachio and my dinner partner suggested we try something different and out of the ordinary. We live life on the edge y'all. The server threw in his favourite, blueberry, for us for free. We ate all of it. Pistachio was probably our favourite.They gave us our check, which is all done on a cool iPad, and I was surprised that all the food came to only $30. So appetizer, entrees, dessert and drinks for 2 came to $30. And for the amount of food that was served, its probably worth 2 meals, but I just ate all of it at once, because, well...I'm cool that way. We had to go for a walk after all the food, in order to not slip into a food coma and crash our cars on our way back home.Either way, love this place, great food, great service, great everything. Can't wait to go back again!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,9/23/2013,704,840,5,20,19>There is no limit to skinny.  Don't they say you can never be too rich or to thin?  My recent visit was smothered in smiles, detailed information on the fresh food and smoothies along with a walk through the Belly app (thank you, Clay). I love what the owner has accomplished in a small space.  Here is the skinny on one of my new favorite businesses: entering the shop, you come face to face with a large refrigerator case of freshly made grab and go goodies like sandwiches, spring rolls and mock tuna salad.  Everything is very organized and you can see directly into a sparkling clean kitchen where the magic happens. I have tried the tasty and creative collard green wraps and the mock egg salad, which blew my socks off.  Heather introduced me to the Downward Dog smoothie, a delicious and rejuvenating creation made with almond milk, blueberries, peanut butter and other healthy items.  Skinny Limits also offers juicing and short detox programs plus a number of healthy and gluten free packaged goods and "Skinny" coffee drinks.  Stop by and enjoy this unique new addition to Northwest Hills.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/22/2013,128,270,14,9,12>All you damn Yankees can shut the hell up and go back to the frigid fugly-people-filled north/midwest if Sandy's is SO dang horrendous. Feel free to choke on your "real custard" once you get the heck out of Austin- I would be pissy too if I didn't live in this wonderful city. /rantSandy's is cheap, quick, and delicious!  The burgers are old school and the fries are great without being too greasy.  The best part?  THE ROOTBEER FLOATS!!!  They are shut the front door wonderful!Sandy's and P Terry's are the best fast food burger joints in the ATX!  If you haven't stopped by then you're missing out!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,9/21/2013,36,114,5,6,7>Comfortable sanctuary...A friend and I stopped by to get away from the SXSW zombies roaming outside. This bar was so new it still had that new saloon woodsy smell. It was a nice sunny day out back and pleasantly chill. My friend says the vibe reminded him of what Rainey used to be like before it got too trendy.Their beer selection was outstanding even though limited to locals. The small batch releases on tap are my main draw. Next time I may try the famous BACON trailer or get convenient carry out beer.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,9/20/2013,389,252,5,9,7>I was promised a delicious grass-fed cheeseburger on my visit to Flat Top and I was not disappointed. The burger was excellent.Flat Top Grille is a roadside burger joint that not only serves up delicious burgers, handcut fries and shakes...there is also a full bar along with a few TVs for watching games. The place is all open air so be prepared to deal with the heat on a hot day (though there are large fans set up).This place is great, check them out!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,9/19/2013,228,994,1,15,9>I would never have found this place on my own.  You drive by and you just think that you are passing a whole in the wall American Chinese restaurant.  However, the real estate agent when driving through the neighborhood took time to pull into the parking for this restaurant to show me the specific door to enter on the first floor, under the main China town restaurant.  There are no signs outside indicating that this is the home of Musashino, and told me that if I love sushi I HAD to go here.  It has been open for 20 yrs., and many of the well known sushi chefs throughout Austin started and trained under the owner of this restaurant.  I made a point to put this restaurant at the top of my to do list.  I finally was able to keep my promise and check this place out the other night.  Upon entering the restaurant I felt as if I was transported back to some of the establishments I had eaten at during my trip to Japan.  You can only make reservations if you are a group over 4 people, so we went early as we were a group of 2 and sat at the sushi bar.  If you can, the sushi bar is definitely the place to be. I think that my experience wouldn't have been so amazing if I wasn't sitting at the bar. The sushi chefs were very friendly and knowledgeable, and provided fantastic recommendations on the menu, and ensured that there was no dairy in the food I was ordering.  It was also great to watch the 4+ chefs working away at their beautiful creations.  You could tell that they took great pride in their work and quality of the ingredients being used.  The chef let us know that the owner drives everyday to the airport to get their shipments of fish.  Plus, there are certain things they won't let you order to go as they just wouldn't taste good by the time you get home.  It was very hard to choose something, as there were so many yummy looking options.  Plus, they have an extensive wine and Saki menu. Instead of ordering a large amount of food upfront, we slowly took our time and ordered as we went (another bonus of being at the sushi counter), and enjoyed our conversation with the sushi chefs.  Everything we ordered was fantastic.  You could really taste the quality of the fish, and the flavor of the rolls never overpowered the actual fish itself.  Loved the authentic feel and quality here.  They even have real fresh wasabi you can order.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,9/18/2013,71,150,2,17,7>This combined two wonderful things: small plates and neighborhood wine bars. (Often there's an issue with the food at wine bars because it is way too limited or way to fatty. Think: giant cheese plate or giant charcuterie plate, frequently with not enough bread provided to eat it.) Wine Belly is different in that it has really good food, as well as a romantic ambiance and a great wine list. Ambiance: It is romantic and cozy and nestled away in a little spot in Bouldin Creek. The location is the former Green Muse, which was a run-down coffee shop with a weird bathroom in the middle of the building, if anyone remembers it from a few years ago, before a homeless man burned it down accidentally. Anyhoo, the interior has been dramatically changed is filled with whimsical art pieces and quirky quotes painted on the bathroom walls. And, the best news of all, you can actually hear what the person next to you is saying. I hate that I have to write things like that for Austin dining establishments--being able to hear the person next to you should be a given. (Note to Siri: start acoustical consulting business.)I went on August 30th, before they officially opened and thought the service was excellent, and the food and wine selections were really great. We were a relatively big party and sat at the chef's table that is behind the kitchen and next to the large outdoor patio. Wine: There is a pared down and affordable wine list with some selections from local wineries, as well as beer and cocktails made from wine. The latter were a big hit. I tried the ginger-spiked John Lee Hooker and the berry-licious Nina Simone.Food: Most memorable were the crispy pig ears. Even the least adventurous in our party decided to give them a go and didn't regret it. I also enjoyed the beef carpaccio with hearts of palm salad and parmesan. And couldn't resist the meatballs, which seem pretty basic, but are tasty and substantial when you want to avoid the expected cheese plate. You can't leave without trying the parmesan truffle fries. Next visit, I plan to try the lamb ribs.And I don't see any connection to Barlata, which is the opposite of a cozy neighborhood wine bar. But I will make another comparison: If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd ditch the super-crowded Enoteca and come here instead.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,9/14/2013,486,215,4,14,16>PIZZA REVIEW:  As Keri B put it brilliantly in her review of this place--Pizza is comfort food for New Yorkers.  And no one needs comfort food these days more than Your Ol' Pal Shooey. So, as I was hanging with my neighbors on the balcony of our complex--a popular activity, it seems in this neck of the woods--one of the girls opened her laptop, asked everyone what their favorite pizza toppings were, and before I could finish my Diet Bud, arrived with three hot Reale's pies. It couldn't have been more than 20 minutes, tops. There's a star for speed alone!So let's get to the pies.  New Yorkers do get snobby about their pizza, and I can safely say--Reale's nailed it. This pie reminded me of the pizza I used to get in the little joint in Fishkill NY, and also close to a Ray's Famous in NYC. The crust was soft, so the tip droops--but not too much. Just the right amount of grease.  You want the tip to droop no more than 2 inches. As a testament to how good the crust is, I even ate the pizza rinds--"the bones"--as I've always called them. Some Yelpers who've witnessed my eating pizza can attest--I rarely eat the bones. They become premium dog treats. But this crust had a nice, yeasty flavor and feel to it. Bellissimo! The sauce was nice, too--not overly sweet, and a nice tangy nature to it. Toppings were ample. We had a pepperoni, and a three-meat kinda thingie. The seasoned beef on the meat pizza was exceptional. This pie satisfied my New Yorker's palate, and the speed satisfied the laziness and impatience I usually experience in conjunction with pizza ordering.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,9/13/2013,45,59,6,11,9>I started coming here 10 years ago. Perfect atmosphere, with the quirky tables and mismatched chairs. They have fresh lemonade, fresh sweet tea. Fresh everything.I almost always get the chicken caesar sandwich. Do I regret always getting the same thing? NO. If it's good, you get it again. I've never been disappointed.They use fresh vegetables grown from their own garden. This place is hard to find, but definitely worth it.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/12/2013,77,205,10,5,5>This place is equally great for all of the following:A date night (where you remind yourself why you don't have kids yet)A place to take the parents when they come in townA place to take your friends and drinkA place to take your family with kids to drinkMy usual is a slize of pizza and a salad with those garlicky crouton slices.  I've had the reuben, the mufaletta, and mainly the pizza.  It's good, it's consistent, and it's reasonably priced.  You're probably going to be here with at least a few friendly dogs and a few birthday parties with eighty billion kids, most of whom are let loose in the parking lot and left to their own devices. If you're kidless and need a drinking game for the table, you could always drink every time a kid crashes into something stationary and starts crying. If you're a parent, you could probably do that too- as long as it's not yours.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,9/11/2013,145,194,10,20,18>Guaglione!  Ma quanto mi sei mancato, bella pizza nnapulitana...ma quanto si bbona! Sike... I'll stop being "that guy". But Bufalina did make me feel a little nostalgic, both for the amazing pizza in Italy, and even the great stuff I had in Toronto, which I thought no pizza in Austin would ever be able to live up to. It's not a statement on the city and its culinary offerings- there just isn't a huge Italian population here. Sure, there is amazing pizza to be had, but most of it seems to be New York or Detroit style, and the "real" Italian that I've had here, hasn't come close. Until now (dun dun dunnnn...).I prayed to the margherita gods that Austin would someday at least get something that could compare to my old staples,  Libretto or Terroni. The gods answered the shit out of my prayers. I declare it: Best pizza outside of Italy. The best way to judge a Neopolitan pizza is by way of the margherita. It's simple, and if this isn't done right, there's little hope for the fancier pizzas. I don't know how to describe flavors to save my life, but the sauce needs to taste a certain way (perhaps slightly sweet, tomato-y but not too acidic?) the cheese needs to be wet and bubbly, slightly chewy, salty, but not too salty,  and most importantly, the crust should be thin, but no so much so that it tears, it should be chewy but not doughy, the outer edge should be brown and bubbled, but not crispy, crunchy, or burned. Buffalina's pizza met all of the above criteria, and it's not surprising, since they got their gorgeous wood-burning stove straight from Italy. The thing is a work of art and sits practically in the middle of the restaurant, so you can watch your pizza as it cooks up in a matter of minutes. We didn't have any apps, but all the salads looked incredibly appetizing, and I definitely will order one next time I'm there. As Amy mentioned, the beers are Texan and there's a decent selection on tap. The wine list isn't huge, but there's still a decent amount of choice, and it's definitely unique, at least to me - I hadn't had any of the wines on there, but I enjoyed the one I did order (can't remember the name but it was dolcetto, and I think the only one on the red list). \For dessert, we had the olive oil cake with fresh whipped cream. It's sort of like an Italian style pound cake - slightly heavy, as you'd expect, but with a light, savory citrus flavor that's pretty typical in Italian cakes. It was tasty, but I've never been a huge fan of Italian desserts... except for one.If you want to be super-duper Neopolitan, right down to the desserts, I've got one word for you, Bufalina: Sfogliatelle. Look into it. Vi prego.(Note: this place just opened yesterday, so they're still working out the menu offerings, whether they'll offer take out, delivery, etc, and whether they'll open for lunch, or just dinner. Physical location is still a bit "under construction", too, so give them time, and for now, just enjoy the food)
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/10/2013,63,323,7,7,10>Every time I used to go out to eat with my grandmother, she'd disappear to ask someone at the next table if she could try whatever they were eating because it just looked so good. When I'd go to pick her up at the airport, I wouldn't look for her - instead, I'd look for the group of random people that would inevitably surround her.  Point is: my grandmother loved to get into people's business.  She also loved good food, preferably with lots of cream, butter and grease.  My grandmother would have LOVED this place.  The staff at The Frisco are ready to get into your business, talk you up, and get you fed.  This place is like walking into Twin Peaks, in a good way.  If you're looking to be a regular at a restaurant, this is your place. The menu is solid diner food, but nothing fancy. It will fill you up, make you happy and get you on your way.  It will not agree with whatever diet you're on.  If nothing else, get the coconut cream pie.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,9/9/2013,134,276,,12,2>Ok..new little place has hit the ground running. Been open for about 3 weeks, and always have cars out front. And hey...when the local Law eats there, it should be good. Now with the wide range on the menu, there is a lot to choose from. Including Mexican food. AND with Ramos (one of our personal favorites)  across the street, gloves off. SO..this review is for the Mexican category. Yes its small, about 8 tables. Good and busy today. The wait for the food was a bit, but worth the wait. Started with our usual, Chips, salsa and Queso...Salsa was super good, spicy, and very fresh. Wife had the beef enchiladas, double rice. Both of us were surprised on the flavor of the beef. Some of the best we have had (we have had a lot, this is joint #49). Thick tortillas , rice was really good as well, moist, and packed with flavor. Mine was a combo..One beef Enchilada, 1 Crunch Taco, beans and rice. Beans were GOOD. Cant remember the last time I was served white cheese on my crunchy taco. Trust me I didn't  have a problem cleaning my plate..We saw a good about of food come out, and it all looked      great, burgers were huge, nachos looked awesome. AND they have PIE...But sadly no chocolate today, which gives us the chance to visit again. Try the American side of the menu this time. Better then Ramos...wont say..flavors are different, so I know have 2 place to go..yea me... best part...$17 Bucks AFTER tip...Stop by and check em out...
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/8/2013,474,618,4,14,6>I have rented boats from almost every company on the lake and I will now be forever loyal to Austin Boat Tours.First, they offer more luxurious boats than the other companies. The boat we rented was a small barge complete with working toilet, grill, indoor seating area and sink. Very nice! Oh, and most importantly, a sunbathing deck on the roof!Second, this family owned company is very easy to deal with. I was super impressed with their customer service. They embrace what going to the lake is all about and encourage everyone to relax, even if you get lost and are running late. No big deal.When our 2 year old woke up with a fever the morning of our boat reservation, we thought we were going to have to cancel our trip at the last minute. We were in a panic as most other boat companies will just take your money if you cancel. Not these guys. We could have easily moved our trip to another day. Fortunately, we found a family member to stay with our little one so we could show off the lake to our visiting NYC friends. (The owner even gave me the name and number for her sitter so we could make our trip work. How over-the-top, friendly is that for customer service?)Third, Austin, our tour guide, was so nice and fun. He gave our out-of-town friends lots of great info about the lake and surrounding houses. He grilled our burgers, dressed them and handed them to us up on the sundeck; even refreshed our beers. 5 star experience all the way!It's a little pricier than some other places, but the peace of mind I got while dealing with them and the added luxury of the nicer boat and service made the trip worth every penny. Plus, I know my money is going to good people running an honest business. We are already planning our next trip out there!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,9/7/2013,257,292,6,12,10>Oh, Rain. My long history with you. It's been quite a while since I've visited, but I've been going for the last few weeks. I'm a member of the National Karaoke League and we just moved to Rain for our new season. We're probably going to stick around. Since I last went, the pole is gone. Now there are interesting cages around the dance floor. There's this amazing new extended back patio off of the already great back patio. There's a new staff, but I still remember Scott and Jonathan (although they most certainly don't remember me). The current staff is just as great and there's one in particular that is pretty excellent. I'll definitely keep going to him. The microphones are amazing, the atmosphere is fun. The bartenders are great. It's easy to park over at City Hall. I will reiterate that the back patio and the new extended patio are really great. On non-karaoke nights, it's still just as great. The DJ's are pretty quality people and they know what they're doing.My first time back, the door guy said "Welcome. Come on in." and I think that speaks a lot about how welcoming they are to everyone.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/6/2013,38,147,7,12,11>Bomb. Bomb. Bomb.We came here after an eventful evening at Home Slice and rushed over because we realized we had 30 minutes to try to make it across town on a bumpin' Friday night. It was located in a non descript little trailer area by campus, which btw, I am so freakin' jealous that they get to have. We totally didn't have that during my time much less the Undergrad Student Activities Center (affectionately referred to as the SAC...HAH!). But I digress.Anyway, what a lovely truck. It's bright blue, beautiful, and beckoning as we scrambled over to get into line. My friend and I were literally like little school children oogling the goodies at our first official Scholastic Book Fair. They employ a wonderful technique here. A kid just wandered up seemingly out of nowhere and started standing behind us. As I have had to find parents for multiple crying children in my lifetime, I looked over my shoulder to see if he was ok. Once a couple of people started getting into line, the kid got behind them and waited for the next people to show up. He very kindly told them that they were close to closing and that they would have to close shop at 9. No one can say no to an awkward and cute little kid! Smart employment of child labor! I got the caramelized banana stacker and my friend had to last minute, change her mind to the At the Ritz stacker. So ridiculously delicious. I love this place. I think there should be one of these on every major street corner. Kids will be chubby but I don't care. On some level, this egregious amount of sugar is wrong but at the same time...it's so right. The toppings are where these people go all out. It's basically swirled THROUGHOUT the stacker. I had banana bits throughout the mix and my friend had this lovely ritz toffee crunchies throughout that made the soft-serve pale in comparison. Just a well thought out application of goodies. They do not skimp here either so be sure to tip them because it's well worth it. And they guy at the counter was so nice and pleasant. He wasn't rushing us or impatient, despite closing being within 5 minutes. Solid establishment and if I had more thumbs, I would throw all of 'em up for this place. Can't believe it took me this long to get here!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/5/2013,258,244,9,11,11>My timing is perfect every time; no line at the bar. (When there is a line, the wait is no more than five minutes). It is a teeny tiny bar that really doesn't give anybody back there much room to maneuver. However, the bartenders' movements are so fluid, they could so do this blindfolded! My first time anywhere, I have to take everything in and read all the options as well as scan every sign. While I did this, the bartender was patient. Then I ordered and flubbed what I wanted, he sweetly corrected me and we joked around as he made my drink: Moscow Mule. Perfect. I have been several times since, and each time whatever I order is without a doubt one of the best mixed drinks I have had in town. Everyone who works here is fantastic.Recently, I ordered a Bloody Mary and when I walked out onto the backporch with it, two guys eyeballed it, one over his shades. He said, "Oh, that is what an $8 Bloody Mary looks like. Now I want one." I laugh and say, "and it tastes like an $8 Bloody Mary." He then jumps out of his chair like it bit him and strides into the bar. Granted, this Bloody Mary wasn't like a Casino el Camino Bloody Mary, bursting with three picked okra, cheese, and bacon. But on a hot day, who wants BLT in her Bloody Mary? Nope, not me. I just want jalapeno vodka, sliced pepperoncini, celery, and a whole lot of olives. Texas Coffee Trader's coffee and an espresso machine! Seriously, I never want to leave.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/4/2013,13,73,6,14,8>Ambience: It's as if Margaritaville and Anthropologie had a baby. It's decorated with lights on nautical ropes, scattered palm trees, tropical straw rugs and the blue-glass tiki cups. It's got table of many different sizes and atmospheres. Pub tables for 2, booths for 5-6 and large tables for 12.Food: We shared small plates and sides*Cheddar puffers were awesome. Flaky bread, mild cheese with some spiciness are great to start.*Carb-less Crab Cakes were impressive. It's 2 all-crab cakes with beads of gastronomied-tabasco caviar. The caviars are like balls of fire.*Short-ribs were done right. Melt in your mouth rib meat and sweet onion rings.YES!*Brussel sprouts are broiled, crisp and good. But not ESK/Uchiko mind blowing*Fennel/Fingerlings were dissappointing. It's a simple gratin. The cheese is too strong. You can't taste the fennel. I'd save my money and avoid this one.-Cost: You're looking at $30-50 a person for dinner and drinksOverall: An american restaurant with tropical atmosphere in the warehouse district that's good for a drink, snack, sharing plates or large groups. The food is basically american standards that have been updated in a good way.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,9/3/2013,289,450,11,10,10>Mmmmm Pizza!  So many people riding the jockstrap of Homeslice and they don't even KNOW about Hoboken.  I guess it could be that I used to frequent Red River and some of those folks could care less about going east of Congress.  Whatever.  This place is SO freaking good!  $3 cheese slices,  $3.50 Pepperoni, $3.75 specialty, I think.  Everybody here is super nice and helpful.  I recently got a large West Texas pie for my crew at work as a showing of appreciation. In case you don't know, it's pulled pork, shallots, serranos, jalapenos, smoked gouda.  It's pretty stupid.  Stupid good!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/2/2013,149,298,9,8,7>Um, can I live here?I am absolutely infatuated with this place. I am never, ever buying olive oil or balsamic vinegar from the grocery store again.They have every flavor of olive oil or balsamic vinegar that you could ever want. Ever.AND they offer classes on both. I recently had the pleasure of taking their balsamic vinegar class. Mind = blown. I never knew there was so much to know about balsamic vinegar. And it was awesome. The owner told us all about how the store came to be, the history of balsamic vinegar, the different types, and we compared the real/good stuff to the crap you buy in the store and WOW what a difference.Seriously, I can't even explain how much fun I had. We were served a salad (with balsamic vinaigrette of course), a cheese plate (with corresponding balsamic vinegars), and a dessert-- with NO SUGAR-- with balsamic vinegar (vanilla and chocolate to be exact) and it was delicious! I never knew balsamic vinegar had so many uses! The class was such an eye opener. And the cost of the ticket not only included the food, tasters, and awesome mini-seminar, but also wine! If you're looking for a new date activity, I would highly, highly recommend this. And even if you don't take the class, you can go and taste all the different flavors of olive oil and vinegar. Really, when can I move in?
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,9/1/2013,130,201,7,12,8>If you're already a Freddy's fan, then you just need to know that there's a new one open at The Trails at 620. If you've never graced the drive-thru of this establishment, then I'll provide a few details.I'm not a burger-eater, but my kids and their friends assure me that the burgers here are better than the ones served at other nearby fast-food burger joints. The french fries are thin and crispy, and are good as long as you don't get them at the very end of the day when the grease needs to be changed. There's an interesting dipping fry sauce that comes with them upon request.  The grilled chicken breast sandwich is also very good, being made from an actual chicken breast, and not the mechanically separated fare found at the yellow-arched spot up the road.  The hot dog is decent, if you like hot dogs, and comes with a variety of toppings upon request. There's a "veggie burger," but it's really soy, which is not a vegetable. I did not find it appealing.One thing to beware of is that a lot of these burgers come as doubles unless you ask for them as singles. The average child (and adult) cannot really consume an entire double-pattied Freddy's burger in one sitting. Plus, they're more expensive as a double.  I found this out recently after a particularly costly trip through the drive-thru, where two burger combos, two "mini" sundaes, and one "mini" sundae on the side (the only part that was mine) came to a total of $25. Ouch.Which brings me to the custard. The frozen custard is, in my opinion, the best reason to go to Freddy's. It seems like ice cream, but they call it custard because it has more egg yolks and is more old-fashioned. The nutrition label on their website also says it has corn in it...most likely some corn syrup. I'm not sure what's in it, frankly, and I'm not sure I want to know, because I like it, so much that I think about stopping and getting a sundae if I happen to glance in the direction of Freddy's as I pass by. Willpower, don't fail me now.Freddy's serves their custard as a sundae or as a "concrete," which is a ridiculous term meaning that it's all blended up together with the toppings. I think they name it that to see who's a first-timer, because no one will order a food called "concrete" without first asking what it is, even if they say on the menu that it's famous.  The sundae/concrete flavors, or themes, are as follows: Signature Turtle, which is vanilla custard with pecans, fudge, and caramel swirled throughout; PBC & B, which has peanut butter and bananas and otherwise is a mystery, along with being difficult to rattle off quickly when ordering; Dirt & Worms, which has oreos and gummy worms; Hawaiian Delight, with pineapple; and the Chocolate Brownie Delight, which is obvious.  If you're not up for a Signature dish, you can order the custard singly with toppings of your choice, as a shake or malt, or in take-out or cake form to consume later at home when no one is watching.Just FYI, the "mini" size sundae is equal to what other places serve as a "small," so don't let the clever upsize marketing fool you into thinking you're ordering a child's sized dessert.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/31/2013,48,168,7,9,9>I've never been to a Russian Bar nor have I really had the chance to enjoy the Russian way of drinking but I am a fan of this place. You walk in and the first thing you notice is a big black bear and Russian costumes. Anyone is more than welcome to put on and enjoy their night of drinking in them. One of the prior reviewers stated the best thing you could do in that moment in putting it on.... instagram the hell out of yourself and friends during that moment. Their carry a large amount of different types of Vodkas. Their specialty their infused vodkas which seems never ending when you stare at them on the wall. The best one that I have tried so far was the Edlefower& Orange Vodka. Extremely smooth and just enough flavor.  There is so much to try! Some of them are not for the faint of heart though. They have Russian beers which are a little different but pretty tasty. They have live music that  comes in and its not on my top list of music but its enjoyable because of the bar your in. The staff is great and super helpful.I have not had the chance to go eat in the restaurant itself because I am not quite ready to be that adventurous but I will get there! I advice everyone to go at least once and try it out. For the atmosphere and the tasting of the different vodkas you can not get at just any regular stores.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,8/30/2013,253,502,6,11,10>Four words: Are you kidding me?The Man came home one day raving about Melvin's, so I had to check it out for myself. He's constantly complaining that this town has no real sandwiches. He no longer has that complaint because Melvin's is here to save the day.We got to go on the first Saturday they were open (used to be M-F 11-2, now Tue-Sat 11-2). The pastrami was hot and just sliced so we were given a slice to sample. Again, are you KIDDING me? It's hands down the BEST pastrami I've ever eaten anywhere. We chose an Italian Beef and a Hot Pastrami and split them. Seriously the two best sandwiches I have had in this city ever. The bread on both was perfectly suited to the type of sandwich and didn't fall apart at all. I totally get what they call it Melvin's Deli Comfort because it is just flat out comforting to eat these sandwiches. It's going to be hard not to want to eat at Melvin's every chance I have because it is just that freakin' good.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,8/29/2013,58,139,5,9,6>I went to Antonelli's for one of their famous classes. Instead of the subject matter being cheese, it was all about cured meats from a little mom 'n pop producer in Iowa. Who can say no to decadent prosciutto?The class was informative and tasty. The class instructors paired about 7-8 cured meat varieties with spreads and cheeses. You're also welcome to buy a bottle of paired wine for the duration of the class that you can share with a friend.For people that aren't well-acquainted with foodie experiences, the atmosphere can be a bit daunting. Our icebreaker was "what is your favorite cured meat variety?". Thankfully, they only came around to us at the end as my friend was rapidly Googling "what are cured meats?". Alas, none of that matters as much as the party that will be going on in your mouth throughout the class!I would recommend an Antonelli's class to anyone who'd like to learn a little something while getting to sample a variety of different products. But beware, classes tend to fill up within the first 30 minutes they get released. So sign up for the Antonelli's e-newsletter, and get to clicking quickly!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,8/28/2013,43,174,9,22,8>This place is a gem. A gem, I tell ya.When it's over 100 degrees and it's been over 100 degrees for what seems like for-EVER, the only thing to do is plop yourself in a body of water. The Blue Hole is cold - not Barton Springs cold, but still pretty cold. There's a shallower section, a tire swing, a rope swing, and a deeper area where you can just float, swim, whatever. Most people tend to hang out in the shallower areas, so the deeper part is (in general) pretty relaxing. Just don't drown or anything, because the bored-looking kids in Blue Hole T-shirts are not about to save anyone. There's a large grassy area where you can get some sun or have an entire buffet lunch, as one family did.They cap admittance, which keeps it from being too overcrowded. We got there at 11am on a Saturday because I'm a moron who can't read a website (they actually open at 10). We were able to get in, but it was already filling up. By 1pm there was both a line of people at the entrance and a line of cars to just get into the parking lot, so get there early. It really is a beautiful spot and not terribly far from Austin. Spend the morning/early afternoon at Blue Hole, go have lunch at the Leaning Pear, and then have a wander through the cute shops off of the Wimberley town square. There, I've planned your day for you. You're welcome.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/27/2013,206,238,6,7,9>Simple math:Cuvée, which is my current favorite local roaster + a bakery + a butcher with salted meats and more = This place is my version of "heaven" all under one roof.The cold brewed nitro'd coffee is most excellent, and they have 2 versions on tap all the time.It is probably a good thing this is not that near to me or I would drink all the coffee!My 2 pennies
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,8/26/2013,66,125,6,8,8>No rescue necessary.  John Taffer would approve this establishment in a heartbeat! Don't let it's "corporate-like" design fool you, Umami Mia is a locally owned & operated venture that's owned & managed by the same investors of Uncle Billy's, Austin Java, Zen/Lucky Robot, etc. Unlike Romeo's, the business Umami Mia replaces, the facilities are freshly remodeled & modernized. You can't even tell it's in the same place. Decent sized stage outdoors for potential live music will surely attract business throughout the summer & beyond. When we wen t we ordered the lunch special & it was very good. Everything is made with fresh ingredients & there's even a "farm-to-table" sides option. I haven't tried their pizza's yet but they do offer it by the slice after 4pm on weekdays & all weekend. I will try it & update accordingly the next time we go. I was sad to see the old Romeo's go away but Umami Mia has brought a much-needed change & revitalization to this location. In this instance change is very very good.  In a rapidly changing south Lamar/Barton Springs/East Riverside district & the planned influx of apartment & condo dwellers in these areas, Umami Mia Pizzeria has the mass appeal needed to succeed & the formula to go far. Mark my words: Give 'em time & Umami Pizzaria will be the next Pluckers.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,8/25/2013,54,201,3,8,6>As a Midwesterner, I've enjoyed the whole new world of beef BBQ in Texas, but I still dig pig. I've eaten and smoked my own pulled pork regularly throughout the years, but Curly's has the best pulled pork I've tasted.It doesn't stop there, as the sandwiches come on buttery, toasted buns, which were a huge step up from the low-grade bread most places use, serving it as an afterthought.Being Midwestern, we fall between Memphis and St. Louis styles, and use sticky-sweet ketchup-based sauces. Dump some coleslaw on, and you're off. I've had North Carolina style mustard sauces, but they never tasted much different than putting mustard on my pulled pork. The sauces at Curly's are awesome! He has the sticky-sweet, but also a vinegar with hot peppers floating in it, and a zesty mustard sauce that was fantastic on the sandwich.If that isn't enough, the fried okra was the best I've had. Too many are greasy or burnt - these were crispy, hot, not greasy, and delicious.If those aren't enough reasons... sandwiches are under $6, and they have ribs and chicken if you're there on the right day (I think ribs were Saturday, and I'd be inclined to try them after seeing how well they do their pork).
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,8/24/2013,149,145,9,9,10>Let me fair very clear I am rating strictly the ice cream I had the pleasure of enjoying while at the grocery store. I was minding my own business when a gentlemen offered me some ice cream and claimed it would change my life. I laughed out loud declined and continued on my way. Once inside I found myself drawn to the frozen food area. That is when my eyes fell upon the pint. I read the label and then reread it thinking I had misread it the first time. Quickly I had my WTF moment and my brain screamed "They have Jeni's goat cheese with cherries ice cream!!!!!!!"While standing there in amazement with all the unusual flavors the gentleman who spoke to me minutes before walked up. At this point he had my full and undivided attention. He explained how the cows are grass fed and he said it made a big difference in the taste and quality of the milk. He explained the many unusual flavors and the process the company goes through in order to create them. At this point I demanded he feed me and he quickly obliged. We started with the Brown Butter Almond Brittle. Let me be clear this was rich and very indulgent to the point I almost felt guilty. The sweet taste of grandmas almond brittle enveloped in rich creamy goodness was enough to have me purring for more.He could tell I was a little overwhelmed with that one and offered another that might be a little lighter and much more fitting for a hot summer day. So we moved on to the Lemon & Blueberries Frozen Yogurt and boy this is what my body was craving. All I could think about is that it tasted like one of the most amazing smoothies I've ever had. The lemon added just the right amount of tart to contrast the sweet blueberries. At this point I was weak and could not resist from indulging just one more time. I grabbed that goat cheese with cherries and made my way down Congress Ave.Let me be clear I am not a fan of goat cheese but the ice cream was even more delectable then the other two I had tasted. Now I find myself in the middle of the night trying to Google to figure out where else I can purchase my new favorite ice cream.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/23/2013,57,216,6,11,8>You know what?  I am a damn FOOL for not trying this place much sooner.  Taquerias Arandinas has been on my radar for about 2 years.  I always figured it was one of those "take-out" type of places, so I just never got around to trying the place.  Today, my husband mentioned that he was craving flautas, so I did a Yelp search for a new place to try, and TA popped up.  I checked to see if they had seating and a decent menu, and it appeared that they did, so off we went.When we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised.  It's a small restaurant, but nicely decorated, and very authentic looking.  We were seated, and the servers all spoke Spanish, (but understood English), so that's always a good sign.  (I'm convinced that you get the best Mexican food from places that have Spanish speaking servers, and Mexicans working in the kitchen.)She brought out chips and 3 salsas/sauces, and the barracho beans.  All were very, very tasty, but I was absolutely in love with the spicy green dona sauce.  Mmmm, I could have happily sat there and ate chips and green sauce all day.My man decided on some tortilla soup, and the flautas plate.  I went with the chicken chilaquiles and a chicken crispy taco.  Holy crap, the tortilla soup was monstrous in size...  poor hubby thought he was getting a small cup, and instead it was a huge bowl!  There was so much food on our plates, and it looked amazing.  They used white cheese, which is such a plus in my book.  I got my chilaquiles with verde sauce on them, and they were great.  The crispy taco was exactly as advertised - crispy, seasoned well, and wonderful.  The refried beans on my plate had a wonderful pork flavor to them.  All around, what a great meal!Honestly, this is the best Mexican food I've had in the Austin/Round Rock area since I moved here 3 years ago.  I truly regret not stopping by here years ago, but I'll make up for it.  We're already talking about coming back here sometime in the upcoming week.  So good!  And only $25 for the insane amount of food that we got!  :)
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/22/2013,126,319,4,13,8>This place is the middle child of the sichuan places in Austin to me with its older more refined brother Szechuan House, and its younger brother Asia cafe. To put this analogy into perspective, Asia Cafe is the young sibling. He cares mostly about price (its cheap), and is a growing boy (food quantity is very large) and quality is an afterthought (though don't take this the wrong way as Asia cafe is still really good). Szechuan house meanwhile has realized with age comes refinement (i.e. people willing to pay more for less food, but the quality is really really good for what he eats). A+A is the median: price in between the three, quantity in between the three and quality in between the three. Just like my current state in life after college, hopping into working life but not quite "old."Anyways, we got three baseline dishes to compare to other places and then adventured outwards: mapo tofu, spicy fish and water spinach. Water spinach is fresh, cooked the way i'm used to, but i didn't see any slivers of garlic (*tear); ah well, it was still the palate cleaner I craved. Mapo tofu here is extra fiery but that's the way I like it. Spicy fish here reminds me more of Asia cafe in the glory days when it was higher quality and lots of it: more fish here, not as spicy but clean not greasy flavors. Branching out, we got shredded pork in garlic sauce, a vegetable and minced pork meddley and salt and pepper squid (though I have yet to ever have something salt and pepper and not enjoy it :]). Last item was pork belly in garlic sauce, which was my favorite: cold boiled pork belly with chili oil and garlic sauce: its like Schezuan house's except tamer on the heat and a lot more pork belly. The combination of spicy, savory with the pork belly's large reserves of tender fat make it the an unforgettable experience. Rice of course is on the house.Also of note is that they serve boba here. The tea is fantastic (almond and honeydew are my favorites), but the pearls themselves fail to impress. I'd stick away from those unless you really like squashy tapioca and or exploding boba (though we might have gotten a bad batch as it was near closing).Out of the three Sichuanese children in Austin, I wouldn't hesitate to go to any of the three, but for those to compromise and get some of the best of all possible worlds, definitely come here. Less crowded too :).
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,8/21/2013,96,421,2,8,6>I hate 6th Street but if I end up there I make sure to start my evening at the Jackalope.  They have a nice beer selection consisting of you usual bar fare and then some good local draughts from Austin Beerworks.  If you like dark beers the Dark Thunder is amazing.  Being a pale ale fan I tend to stick with the Peacemaker.The burgers here are the 2nd best behind Casinos.  They have a lot of unique options like a Frito Pie Burger and before you judge it give it a go... ITS DELICIOUS.The pizza is pretty good although it has been hit or miss at times, but after a few beers it will go down just fine.Skip all the BS of 6th street and just hang out at the Jackalope.  Plenty of seating, lots of TVs showing different movies or TV shows, and fast service from hot bartenders.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/20/2013,70,217,13,30,17>I am not a true naturist, but I love the free feeling of being totally naked outside, soaking in the sun and feeling the breeze all over my body. I don't really get to indulge in this opportunity very often obviously, so Hippie Hollow is like a wonderful little escape for me. I was afraid of creepy behavior and feeling skeeved out, but it's actually pretty okay here. One of my first times here, the park ranger at the entrance gave us a pamphlet with a number on it and told us to call it to report any creepy or inappropriate behavior (like hiding in the bushes totally clothed watching the sunbathers). That's awesome! It could be because I've always either gone with a group or a boy, but I've never had anyone creep on me. It might be different if I were alone. I think, in general, though that people here get that socializing is a much more sensitive thing in this environment. So most of the time a passerby only makes a one-sentence comment and moves on.I've only had one experience where a single guy came over and inserted himself into my group of friends and started laughing at our jokes but didn't say anything, including introducing himself. Awk-waaaaaaaard. We eventually just left the lake and went back up to our spot on the rocks to lose him. There are some unspoken areas here to be aware of. The more open beach area is generally where more swingers will hang out or people who are more comfortable socializing with others. And the area beyond the curved inlet is said to be the unofficial "gay area." There is a line with buoys that separate the boaters from the swimmers, but sometimes the boaters will speed by, which creates big waves onto the shore, which can be annoying. There are also some boaters that slooooooowly go by to check out all the nekkids on shore, but this doesn't happen too often. Most of the time, the people on the boat get naked too! Because this a state park, it costs $12 per car to get in, but they're open from 9 am to 7 pm every day, so you could be here for several hours. If you get an annual pass, it should pay for itself in 8 visits.The walkways are paved, there are camping-type restrooms here with water fountains and the parking lot is very well maintained, along with the rest of the park. It's totally cool to bring a cooler and some noms in and lots of people do. The only thing is you're not supposed to have glass, because it's a big safety hazard. You're also not TECHNICALLY legally allowed to drink in public, but most people just put their drinks in koozies and I've never seen a ranger or anyone care. (We even had a ranger once just tell us to put our alcoholic drinks in koozies).  In fact, I've only even once seen a ranger or park official walking around to check things out, so they must be pretty chillax or non-intrusive. That being said, I have recommendations.- Bring water shoes! There is no grass here, only rocks (that are pretty sloped in areas), so it is incredibly difficult to walk your way down to the water barefoot or in flip flops. - Bring something squishy to lie your towel on because the rocks are not always the most comfortable thing to lie on. Yoga mats work well. - A problem I have noticed lately is fire ants. Next time I go, I will bring some cinnamon or something, because my boyfriend and I moved to 3 different spots last time we were there and, every time, we were eventually greeted by a gaggle of fire ants and we got a few stings between us. Stupid Texas. But Yay Hippie Hollow!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/18/2013,68,205,6,17,13>Corona is exactly the type of small neighborhood coffee shop that I am happy to support. The building is not the fanciest. You won't find granite fixtures and snooty leather chairs. You will find a business owner who is absolutely passionate about coffee and taking care of customers. I thought I knew a fair bit about coffee until I talked the owner. I know nothing, Jon Snow. That said, espresso is serious business to me. I am crippling my financial future, shorting my retirement, and eliminating a number of pricey private schools from my children's futures because of the amount of money I spend on espresso. Good espresso matters, and, when done well, it can be sublime.I am heavily biased toward shops that use Cuvee beans (a local artisanal treasure and a shining example of what is right in the Austin food scene), so I was skeptical about Corona using different beans. I was very pleasantly surprised with the quality of the drinks at Corona. The beans from Trianon, turned into a delicious rich espresso. The drink was great and a nice change of pace from the Cuvee that I drink almost every day.To folks in the Mueller / Capital Plaza area, you should be patronizing this shop. If you are getting your daily fix at Starbucks or, gag, McDonalds, then you are making a terrible mistake. Come out and support an underdog and get superior coffee in the process. It's a win win. I'll drink a double to that.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,8/17/2013,325,414,6,10,8>I had no idea what to expect when my friend gifted me a "Thai Yoga Massage." She had been and enjoyed it. She told me to wear the pants they give you--yes, do! But I'm ahead of myself.The front desk person was super nice and helpful and friendly, especially when I really had no clue what to expect. She said that since I was wearing sweats (almost like yoga type clothes) that I wouldn't need to change. I asked if I could--I wanted the full experience. They're kinda Fancy Pants so she showed me how to put them on. Huge nod to the sign that says, "Relax. Your phone will be waiting for you when you get back" in the changing area. They have lockers that you can use to lock up your stuff. Including your Normal Pants.You're not in a super private space when you're getting your massage, so keep that in mind if that's a problem for you. There were several chairs for chair massages and also foot massages. There was almost no one else there when I went. I was in a space behind a curtain. For the Thai Yoga Massage, I was on a comfortable mat on the floor. I asked my masseuse, Claire, what I should expect. She said, "Rag doll. Just be limp and let me move you." Later on she actually complimented me on doing so well--I guess a lot of people try to help by moving their bodies--let her do the work!It's not what I would call a super relaxing massage where you can just drift off to la-la land. I mean, it's like yoga, you're working. But she's doing the work for you. I had my eyes closed the whole time and let her do her job. And let me say this, I felt all good and stretched out when she was done. Like I had done a lot of really good yoga. I noticed less tightness in my back and everything felt all good and stretched out. That's really the only way I can explain it--good and stretched out!Give it a try!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/16/2013,132,354,8,10,10>Oh. My. Gawd.  Have you ever heard of a Naked Nun?  Me neither, but I learned today where the name of this beer came from and you can too, on this Brewery tour.So along Rutland Row (as I have just deemed it) amongst all the home-improvement warehouses sits Adelbert's Brewery (pronounced "a-dell-bert.")  Apparently, I went to the second EVER Saturday tasting (1-4pm but check their website) and garnered a fair amount of people but was still cozy.  There was darts, foosball, carbonated Gatorade for the designated drivers, and an awesome staff.  Everyone was very knowledgeable, especially Sarah who gave us our tour - and for the technical brewing questions she directed us to Scott, the founder/owner/head brewer who was sweating on a Saturday so that we had delicious beer. It's $10 for a 14oz snifter or pilsner flute -- or $13 for the gold rimmed snifter -- or if you have a tiny tolerance like me, only $5 for the 5oz tasting glass.  Each glass, regardless of size, came with 6 sample pours.  Keep in mind, some of the higher ABV pours "cost" 2 marks.  They have awesome little business cards for each of their beers with a description, ABV, IBU, color, etc.  If that's not good enough, Liz behind the bar was still well informed about each beer.  There are $1 snacks available, but apparently you are free to bring outside food to keep you company for these few hours.Apparently they typically only do 5-8pm on Friday nights, but can do special events for 40+ people and the occasional Saturday.  So git 'long lil doggy, why are you wasting your Saturday afternoon being sober?!!!PS, don't fool around, head straight for their Tripel B.  My personal favorite.  As a bonus, it's a slightly higher ABV that knocked me on my hindquarters.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/15/2013,442,129,10,15,15>I'm a sucker for fun & finding new unique ways to workout so when I come across an exercise class that offers both...I'm hooked. MOD Fitness Studio accomplishes just that. Fun, yes. Unique, for sure and effective....most definitely! A few of my friends raved about barre routines so I decided to give it a whirl! Ladies & Gents be prepared: your buns will be sore in the morning. I take 3 workout classes a week (Body Pump at Golds-holla) so I was confident in my strength training....oh boy was I humbled in this class. We started off with some light stretching (& after about 3 minutes I was wishing I included stretching in my daily routine, because  news flash to me: I'm lacking in the flexibility department). We moved on to squats & calf raises...oh boy were my glutes a burnin...& that was only 1 minute in! In the 1 hour class we worked legs, tush, arms & core. Each set lasting about 4 minutes. I was extremely impressed with the fact that we only used a few pieces of equipment; 2 hand weights, a small ball, a balancing bar and a clothed rope to get an awesome core & toning workout. Marnie was a baller instructor! She played the right amount of good grooves to get us a movin & she helped with any adjustments needed to make sure we were using all the right muscles. She is extremely knowledgeable of barre training & a strong motivator. She definitely pushed me to keep moving through each exercise even when I thought I couldn't or wanted to give up. If you are looking to change up your same old lifting weights & running town lake routine, check out MOD's fitness classes. Their core strengthening & muscle toning exercises will for sure have you swimsuit ready in no time!!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,8/14/2013,110,659,8,12,10>As a former resident of the Bay Area, I've been tracking the opening of Barlata for quite some time, and I'm happy to report that I wasn't disappointed. The menu is at least 50 deep in terms of tapas you can choose from, and based on the 5 that we have, I don't think you can go wrong. Some highlights for us included the octopus, the grilled chorizo & garbanzo beans, and the arroz negre, along with the Mel I Mota dessert. We'll be back.. and often. Austin finally has a great tapas joint - maybe this will put Malaga out of its misery!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,8/13/2013,74,79,15,14,13>At first I wanted to cradle my slice of Margherita pizza close to me and whisper hook lines from 70's pop music to it. But an ugly spasm of passion overcame me and I bit it instead. Love hurts I love this place. It's close to the house, easy to get to, and even on a busy Friday night we could find a parking spot in their dirt lot and a table on the patio. Six of us rolled down 290 last Friday to sample Pieous and we all came out groaning with delight.  And my belt exceeded maximum tension. This is a small place in what used to the Cartwright BBQ building. The main feature is the pie, but they make very good sandwiches too. And they make their own pastrami on site. We had some in the Pieous Plate, and sweet mother of deli meats it rules! Seriously, moist, oh so tender, just the right amount of saltiness, and full of flavor. They pair it with a dab of spicy mustard and together they hit that perfect combination that makes you torn between chewing slowly to savor every bite and gobbling it down with one hand while holding off the rest of the table with a plastic knife in the other. I chose the latter. Dining out with me is not for the weak. We had the Margherita, the blue cheese & bacon, and the Italian sausage, along with the Pieous plate and the Pieous Sampler. The plate is the one with the pastrami, and the sampler has tapenade, olives, artichoke hearts and other meatless offerings. The Margherita is my personal fave, but the Italian sausage was close, the Bleu cheese and bacon was probably the overall favorite of the table. All the pies have a beautiful thin crispy crust with light scorch marks and are baked in a brick oven.  The pies are about 10", enough for two if you're not that hungry, but we had 4 pies between six people, along with the two sample plates and desserts and there wasn't a scrap of food left when we stood up. I hear your judgmental tsks. But I don't care. The desserts were banana cream pie, chocolate pecan pie and blueberry pie and they were all superb. I don't know if they were made on site but it seems like everything else is. They also have cookies and brownies that I'm sure I'll try if I don't blow an artery before I can get back there.  This is now our go to pizza place and I'm yearning to try their pastrami sandwich.  They serve beer and wine, and the prices, while not dirt cheap, are reasonable for what you get. This isn't Chuck E Cheese (which is good because I can't be within 500 feet of those since the restraining order) and the food is worth the cost. Give it a try. You'll be glad you did. But keep that plastic knife close when they drop the pastrami on the table.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/12/2013,99,141,14,18,15>Yes. Yes. Omg yes. I've only been here twice, but I'm in love. Every year, my roommate and I celebrate SXSW by choosing to get daytime drunk as cheaply as possible, by whatever means possible. Basically, we're really classy. So a year ago, we were in the area searching for Which Wich (cause she's superrrr mean when she's hungry, I think she has low blood sugar or something. I still love her). We ended up passing this place and were amused by the set of stairs between bars. If you're not looking for the sign, you might miss it. We walked into this weird, country feeling bar, but it was had a badass vibe to it, too. It's done right here. We had whiskey sours, perused the menu, listened to a couple of bands, and headed out for the rest of our adventure that day. I remember my tab being next to nothing.My sister lives in San Marcos and when we go out, she likes to go downtown. I am not a downtown person. I'm more of a "let's find a dive bar where I don't have to wear a bodycon dress and heels that will make me snap my neck if i fall" kind of person. Everytime we go to Geisha Lounge next door, I'm begging her and all her friends to go to Shiner's, but she's older so she's bossy and she wins. My boyfriend and I came here last night (finally), and we saw that it was Whiskey Wednesday. Whiskey is my main drink right now, and I asked the bartender exactly what the special was. You can get well whiskey for $1, any way you want it. I got a bunch of whiskey gingers and they were strong and delicious. Last night was so perfect. They had a basketball game on while playing a badass mix of The Beatles and Handsome Boy Modeling School, and it didn't even feel forced. We were hungry, too, and since my sweetheart's pocketbook was hurting from our time at HandleBar, I decided to buy us food.We split the pizza rolls, the gold mine sub, and chips and salsa. All of it was fucking delicious. The pizza rolls were better than any hot pocket I've ever had, complete with no burning edges and icy middle, the chips were a little stale, but the salsa was so good, I didn't care. It was the right level of spicy. Anyway, the gold mine sub was amazing. Grilled avocado, bell peppers, lettuce, and some other stuff thrown in. It was so filling, even for my meat-loving boyfriend. Oh yeah, all of this for about $16. Score $$$$ I can't recommend this place enough. It's by far one of my favorite bars in Austin. They have the best hard to find Shiner beers, awesome drink specials, and amazing food. Go visit, but not on Wednesday cause I don't want to have to wait for my whiskey.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,8/11/2013,989,456,46,26,22>So, I'd known this guy for a while off of Facebook. We'd floated the idea of meeting for dinner at some point, but for the most part, I generally danced around making actual plans with him. Until I finally did make plans with Rick to meet for dinner. Well, "made plans" implies I had any choice in the matter; he'd pick me up and take me to one of his favorite restaurants, Sway. Two things: 1.) I like a guy who takes charge and tells ME what we're doing; and 2.) I like that his choice also happened to be the new trendy Thai place in town. So far, so good. We eventually made it to the restaurant, but not first without entering into the parking situation for Sway, which I'd characterize as a real life video game that combines the most insane aspects of both "Tetris" and "Grand Theft Auto". To find parking, Rick drove, made a dozen three-point turns, maneuvered wildly, cursed, tried to parallel park, drove in circles, made enemies with other cars, cruised a neighborhood, and left me clutching my seat for dear life until he finally found a spot near the front door. I have a "thing" for watching guys drive and handle their stick shift cars, but I prefer to do it calmly, and without whiplash or a vomit bag. Fresh from the chaos that is parking at Sway, we went inside and immediately, the placid, relaxing atmosphere calmed me down. We were told there'd be a wait, which is easily done at the bar towards the back, if you don't want to be a living art installation by standing at the front for everyone to gawk at. Seating is family-style around large tables, which I can dig as long as it was akin to my "extended family"-style...which would mean not speaking to each other for years on end, unless it was a wedding or a funeral and even then, the passive aggressiveness would be off the charts. Basically, I don't like talking to strangers unless I make the first move. Rick was friends with the server, who was sweet and amazing throughout (whose name I forget at the moment, which is not AT ALL meant to be a swipe at Rick's pronouncement that he hates when people review a restaurant, and then forget the name of their server; it legitimately has slipped my mind..) At the server's suggestion, we began with the Shigoku raw oysters from Washington State; they were sweet and tasted of melon when plain, yet were fiery and had a kick with the sauce that was provided. They were excellent. As I sucked down my oysters, I got the impression through Rick's lively conversation with the server that I was certainly not the first guy (or girl) to be sitting in my spot on a night out with Rick. By the time I was through, I realized two things: 1.) I was really loving this restaurant; and 2.) I was the Flavor of the Week, and I felt really stupid. Embracing my new role as "floozy", but intrigued by the menu, we decided to order the Tiger Cry (Char Grilled Hanger Steak, Red Chili Nahm Jim, Thai Basil, Fresno Chili, Toasted Rice, Nahm Prik Pao), as well as the Blue Crab Fried Rice (Egg, Lemongrass, Snow Peas, Scallion, Thai Basil). The Tiger Cry was divine, and while spicy, was easily my favorite dish. The textures and presentation were all there. I was enjoying my Tiger Cry when this cute old couple next to us inquired about Rick's Samsung Galaxy III; he immediately took the opportunity to spend the next twenty minutes ignoring me and explaining to some woman who would probably find a Jitterbug to be a daunting piece of equipment all the features and advantages of the phone, occasionally denigrating my iPhone 5 in the process. I felt like I was caught in the middle of a sales pitch at an AT&T store, just with fantastic Thai food laying around during the process. See, this is the kind of thing I wanted to avoid. As I savored the blue crab fried rice, Rick also schooled me that my iPhone photos sucked, and that his Instagram skills were the only way to truly show off the food. I would definitely recommend the blue crab, and indeed, I already did--to one of two hipster brothers on the other side of us, both sporting beards and bandannas around their necks who struck up a conversation with Rick over film editing. Terrific. Even after all this, I still figured I would just go home with Rick and try and get something out of all this nonsense. He then informed me his mother was visiting him, so we couldn't. But maybe next week. If I go to his birthday party.  Dessert? Why yes, I think I will have the cashew caramel ice cream. (A perfect ending to the meal, BTW). As we left, Rick asked if I was "Swayed". The answer was "Yes". Was I irritated? The answer: Also, yes.Epilogue: A week later, Rick's profile photo changed to him and some guy, and he was apparently "in a relationship". It all started to make sense. He asked if I was mad in any way. I responded that I wasn't mad, and that in fact, I can't imagine actually mustering up enough energy to give a crap. He unfriended me soon after. Brilliant. Still, 4 Stars for Sway.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/10/2013,485,555,21,20,19>While packing I noticed that the number of boxes containing shoes very nearly outnumbered the boxes with clothes. People, the first step is admitting you have a problem. But by this point it was 3am and it was time to start purging because there was otherwise no way to be ready for the 9am move and why would baby Jesus enable so many shoe sales if he knew this was ultimately how it was going to go down?But calm. Down. If you have unicorn movers, all will be well. They rolled in on time and commended me on my packing job, the fact that I had taped the bottoms of the boxes (someone seriously forgot to do so - wow), and that I was, by and large, ready to roll. Half-delirious with sleepiness and with perilously low blood-sugar levels, this was a massive relief. Carlos and Jose were super efficient, polite, and an all-around funny pair of movers. When I got back from a Goodwill drop-off, they were just about done loading the truck.There were minor snags: their website was busted for a while so they never got my requests for a qoute, and had to take my inventory over the phone. I also learned later that a flat-rate move is an option I wasn't aware of. They sell boxes and will take them back new or used and give you credit, but you tell me if you're all gung-ho to ever talk about moving boxes after the fact. Currently I find moving boxes mad offensive.But at the end of 7 hours and $450-something, I found my house clear, my dresser with clothes in place, my bed assembled in the new place like nothing had ever happened, and my shoe addiction ready to be unpacked. And you know how unpacking is better than packing**. Props to my Latino Unicorns.**Unpacking is not better than packing.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,8/8/2013,739,709,26,21,22>Now now young-uns, gather around and I'll tell ya about the time afore the Blue Corn Harvest.  No, no it's true!  There was a time, oh, probly afore two thousand ought thirteen when us Cedar Choppers had little recourse for dinner, lessen you cooked it up yourself or had to bathe and get gussied up to go out ta eat to a fancy restaurant down the road. Nope, back then when you had a hard day at work and were tired, all you could look forward to was the pizza, or the Thai (which was might tasty I admit, but Pa was gettin over tired of it), or the Chili's.  And don't even get me started on the crap Chinese!  Twas plum pitiful in a town that size not to have better options!But then one night, Pa was comin home from work and asked if he could fetch us some dinner on the way.  I suggested he stop by the new Blue Corn Harvest and get us some vitlins.  They have a wide variety for any palate, including the enchiladas and tacos, and the steaks and seafood.  We were might pleased with our take home order!  I had me a crunchy salmon feelay topped with crab and avocado and some right fresh and tasty vegetables on the side.  Pa had a pork tenderloin.  We even got to share a chicken and sausage gumbo that Pa declared was "Larapin!".  And it was just a nice surprise to find some cornbread and sweet butter in our bag as well!  So neighborly!Well, this was a nice evenin for Pa and me, to be able to eat wholesome food and relax at home while we watched us some "Billy Jack".  I didn't feel like I needed a shower after eating this food like I sometimes do after the pizza or the Chilis.  I do admit I needed a shower after my dirty thoughts on Billy Jack tho ---snicker---.  Anywho, that there is the origin story of our long and beautiful friendship with Blue Corn Harvest (and the Billy Jack is YOUR origin story, young uns!  tee hee)
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,8/7/2013,265,276,8,9,8>I come out to this place at least twice a month whenever my roomie had a rough day at work and needed some happy time right when shes off of work at 5:30. This is right around the corner from us so it works perfectly. Everytime we come here, everyone always insists on sitting outside. Even now, in this freeze my buttcheeks off weather. So if you come in during this time and see everyone crowded inside while a small group of 5-6 weirdos braving it outside, that could be me and my crew!The most fond memory I have of this place was when I was walking out of the bathroom and the bartender just put in $5 in the jukebox and was picking some songs and he told me if I would like to pick the rest of the songs. It sounds silly but I have never picked out songs on a jukebox and boy, did this place have an awesome selection! Sitting outside, you can hear just barely hear the music was its great for me and my friends to chit chat and be able to have the music in the background. The servers come by to check on us just the right amount of time. Not too annoying at all. The best part, they have a water jug too with plastic cups outside thats constantly filled.I look forward to my roomie's next rough day at work.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,8/6/2013,87,128,10,13,10>As Bruno Mars is famously quoted in one of his songs, "You make me feel like I've been locked out of heaven for too loo-ooong."---this is how I felt after eating at Franklin. Yes, I did wait out there for more than two hours until I was able to place my order but it was totally worth it for the first time. I arrived around 9:30 am on a Saturday but I heard that some people get their at 7 am. After my first experience, I suggest getting there around 7 am or arrive at 1 PM or later (they actually aren't sold out at 1 PM as commonly believed). Expect to waste the most time by arriving and waiting in line between 9 am-noon. For those who do wait in line between those hours, they do pass out free sausages (and boy were they delicious!).Plates are around 10 dollars with two sides included (sides include the typical cole slaw, beans, and potato salad). Brisket is their most popularly ordered item. There is outdoor and indoor seating with condiments on each table. My suggestion as to which BBQ sauce to use? Stick with the darkest sauce--it has the slightest hint of espresso and is oh so very good--this is coming from someone who doesn't drink coffee that often.Franklin, I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/5/2013,21,111,6,17,8>Look - this ain't the Alamo. So change your expectations, change your behaviors a smidge, and you'll be happy. Come early. Come without planning to see a movie, even. The drinks and food are that good. The seating for food is also quite nice, so come early and eat in the dining area. No, they don't do table service in the theater - it's okay. You'll live. Eat first, so you can see your food. It's GOOD food. We had a shredded pork appetizer that was super delicious, and sauteed brussels sprouts that are my new favorite version of sprouts, EVAH. We also had a margarita pizza that was pretty damn good. Nice wine list, good drink choices, etc. Enjoy your food and drink.Then get your seat (assuming you've bought your tickets in advance). The front row is not your ordinary front row, it has lounge chairs, so you'll want to sit there. You won't be craning your neck, don't worry. Didn't score a lounger? It's okay, the other seats are still pretty comfy. Beats the hell out of the old beat-up seats at an Alamo (I love the Alamo, btw). If you bring your plates and crap into the theater, you're gonna have to deal with them if you get up to pee, or if people come through - so just eat first and don't be a pain. What's better here than at the Alamo? The food, the art films, the new seats and clean bathrooms. What's better at the Alamo than here? They bring the food to you and have clever pre-show entertainment. You pick. Want quality? VC it is.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,8/4/2013,160,51,5,12,11>I'm reluctant to give Red Room a recommendation because I don't want word to travel about how awesome this place is, but I have to give props to a place that does essentially everything right.Hands down the best (perhaps not biggest, but best) wine selection in Austin. The staff is friendly and very well educated. It was clear the crew who was taking care of us works at Red Room because they love wine.The atmosphere couldn't be more appropriate - a nestled, inconspicuous door behind Vince Young Steakhouse leads to a semi-underground, red lit museum of exceptional wine bottles, autographed instruments, curtains, and big comfy furniture.Around 11pm on a weekend it tends to get busy. I suggest going over to Max's or Piranha to get some food to go and take it over (they don't serve food, but allow you to bring it in) around 7-7:30pm. The "impress my date" factor of this place is off the charts (unless, of course, they don't like wine).DISCLAIMER: This is for the Red Room Lounge wine bar off 3rd, not the Red Room bar on 4th and Lavaca.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/3/2013,218,275,2,19,3>I've been to every card reader, palm reader, psychic, medium in Austin and Angeliska is seriously the best. My reading was brutally honest and there were times when I wanted to run out of the trailer because it was hard for me to face what she had to say. I stayed though and I believe I'm going to be a better person for it. There were times during the reading I got really emotional and I never cry in front of people! Her reading hit that close to home.The best thing about her was that she is truly genuine and compassionate and she's not out for my money. Never once did she tell me that I have an ancient curse on me that she can get rid of for $500 lol. She really wants to help you! After my reading, she even e-mailed me recommendations for books that she thinks would be good for me. CRAZY! I'm definitely going back to her and recommend her to every single one of my friends.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,8/2/2013,204,582,6,7,9>I drive by the old Rabbit's place every day and casually take note of the construction. On this fateful day, I saw an article in Eater that noted a bar bar named Whistler's was coming soon. Excited, I forwarded the article to my boyfriend then searched in vain for a facebook page or website. Later that evening, I drove by and noticed folks parked out front, bay doors open, and candles on tables; I knew it must finally be open!As it turns out, we were late to the party; they have been open for two weeks. And it's Whisler's with no T. Interior is pretty neat, reminded me a bit of Midnight Cowboy but way more open. The walls were exposed brick, the ceiling had been tiled with old wood, and over the bar hung a giant chandelier which fancies the whole place up.Whitney our bartender (bartendress?) was very sweet and helped up with our selections. The rum drink didn't look that interesting to me until I saw her brulee the cinnamon and sugar on top of the egg white foam with a mini blow torch. SOLD. It was such an interesting drink, not "rum-y" at all if that makes sense, very refreshing and citrusy (fresh lime juice), with a decadent psuedo-meringue on top. Excellent. Crave-worthy. My date started off with the Whiskey and Cigars which is very good and very strong. Although they make their own tobacco bitters, I have to say the tobacco drink at Malverde still tops it if you want a stronger tobacco flavor. Next I tried the grapefruit bubbly drink, which was solid, but was trumped by my boyfriend's chai bourbon ginger cocktail. YUM.Cocktails are expensive; we dropped $40 on four drinks. But they are strong, and expertly-made with fresh ingredients. Considering this place also offers Lonestar in cans, I suspect everyone could find something within their budget. We will be back. And once word gets out, I'm certain we'll run into most of East Austin as well. The good news is this place is HUGE, with two bars, and two covered area plus a patio.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,8/1/2013,315,273,9,11,9>I'd like to thank Joe for the best night's sleep I have had in awhile.I acquired the bed I had from my ex.  I wasn't psyched to get it.  I mean who really wants to sleep and not sleep on something that you know other people slept and did not sleep on.  I think you get where I'm going with that.  In the break up I got to keep the bed, lucky me.  I also got to keep his cat, even luckier me.  His cat has a bit of a pee-wherever-I-damn-well-please issue.  Being abandoned by his "father" triggered it.  I tried so hard to put off getting a new mattress till I can get the exact one I want.  The one I want is NOT cheap.  I couldn't deal with the issue any longer and turned to the place I turn for all things I need fast and cheap - Craigslist.The FIRST ad I saw yesterday (I have looked before so I had an idea of what was good vs bad in quality and price) was one that Joe placed.  I liked what I saw and called him up.  He answered all my questions, and I knew I found my mattress.   He was away from his showroom, but he asked how soon I wanted the mattress (it was close to 5pm).  I asked how soon I could have it.  He said "tonight".  I did my Victory Dance.So I full disclosure posted ex's mattress for free on CL (the circle is complete) and I had it gone not long before Joe himself showed up with my mattress.Smoothest transaction EVER!!!Nice brand new mattress at a great price.  I could not be happier.Thank you, Joe!!!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,7/31/2013,312,628,4,8,9>It's an odd combination: craft cocktails.....and BBQ?But somehow, it just works.My sassafras cocktail was delicious, as was the "muddle of the day".Then I tried the spicy sausage and the smoky beets with chevere.  Those beets (2 different varieties) were yummy!  The sausage was good, made better by the tasty BBQ sauce.  Even more oddly they serve crusty French bread with their BBQ vs. the Wonder bread stuff, which I actually think is a great idea; I just never understood why the kiddie bread.....The atmosphere is very cool, from the beautiful marble bar through to the inner woodwork and "bones" of this place.  After stepping inside it's easy to forget we are on the eve of 2013....
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,7/30/2013,129,170,12,9,10>Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto!Lucky Robot turned out to be a safe respite from the storm for us.  Just as the skies were darkening with a looming bad ass thunderstorm, we pulled up and ran inside.  We asked to be seated by a window so we could watch the rain.  Little did we know the rain would soon be a deluge that turned South Congress into a white water river ride.  We watched a sign from the hat shop up the street come sailing past us in the newly formed river sidewalk.  I was next expecting an old woman on a bicycle to fly by followed by, "We represent the lollipop guild" sung to us in midget vibrato.  Instead we got a very cool, slick interior, a fun i-pad to play with (OK, order from) and some pretty damn good sushi.  There is something about a storm that just brings people together.  Everyone was super friendly and the service was fantastic.  I'm not a sushi snob, I don't even know all that much about it but I do know what tastes good and this place has it.  I am a sucker for atmosphere and the orange walls, porch swing seating and wall art of happy robots and noodles devouring a city sealed the deal.Domo.Domo.Domo Arigato, Mr. RobotoMata au hi madeDomo Arigato, Mr. RobotoHimitsu wo shiritaiYes, until we meet again.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/29/2013,699,1000,16,15,14>If you like open mic type stuff you should definitely come check out a Mortified show.  My friend Sara who lives in Los Angeles dragged me to a Mortified show years ago and I was hooked.  I didn't realize Austin also had a Mortified community until dear, sweet, hilarious Jenny signed up to participate in opening her teenage journals to the entire city of Austin who cared to listen.Because that is what you have to do to be on this show.  You collect your hoard of journals from childhood, you take them to the producers of Mortified, who READ THEM ALL and select what they feel like are the best pages to be read aloud to a willing and able audience eager to sip beer and laugh at you and your teenage angst.Jenny bared her soul to the time she knew a guy loved her because he gave her half a broken pencil.  Other readers the night I went confessed to their hate for Vanilla Ice (the rapper--before the home improvement days) via their own rap music lyrics they wrote in disgust.  Still another sweet boy read tales of how he just wanted a girlfriend in high school that he could walk through the fall leaves with--his missing half as he wrote.If you were a 'cool kid' in school who had everything going for you Mortified may not be for you.  The reason why is that you wouldn't be able to relate to the rejection and longing that the journal readings show.  But if you were like the rest of us losers please come out and enjoy a rollicking good time of making fun of other people's painful childhoods at their expense.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,7/28/2013,51,328,7,11,10>Ay Caramba!I've found the perfect little Mexican street taco at La Fruta Feliz. In fact, I've found MANY of them. They hide behind what must be intended as a Mexican  fruit juice and smoothie operation.  And if those are as good as their tacos are, well....In a city which has turned tacos into weird personal fetishes such as "Dirty Sanchez" or "Trailer Trash" or "Taco Loco", La Fruta Feliz stands proudly and exclaims: "Lengua Res!". Yes, there is nothing remotely "specialty" or "novelty" or "fusion" about La Fruita Feliz. What you get are amazingly soft, yet lite, maize tortillas, ever so browned in places, filled with the most amazing, yet straightforward fillings. They offer flour too....I've already mentioned the beef tongue, albeit in Spanish. If you have never had tongue, you need a new taco joint (and a new girlfriend). This meat is amazingly soft and supple. And the spicy preparation is amazingly mellow and seductive.The BP oil spill has NOTHING on the Barbacoa here. Yes, your Barbacoa taco will need to be eaten quickly before the orange oils saturate the tortilla and penetrate your skin. But not TOO quickly, because everything here is served piping hot. And I must say that this is very rare in the Austin taco scene.  But that oil...oh geeze, it binds that barbacoa into a meaty, tasty lump of heaven. If you're into it, you will like it.The Egg and Chorizo taco deserves top scores as well for being served hot and being just so darn good. Unlike the Barbacoa, the Chorizo and Egg mixed together are decidedly NOT oily. And that is a good thing. You just get the amazing flavors of the sausage, spicy and mellow without any distractions dripping down your hand. Sorry Julio's, you have just been dethroned.Let me end with the Sopes. The thick masa substrate is a thing of wonder in itself. It, too, is rich in flavor and texture. And the toppings, including a truly remarkable sour cream which tastes home made, are all fresh and wonderful. I've done something today that I haven't done in a while. I over ate. And there was NOTHING. I mean NOTHING which fell short of perfection. Even my wife, who has worked many years in Mehico, was  impressed. The dining room itself was large and airy with a down-home BBQ-joint-like feel. You can order at the counter or sit at a table and get a waitress. Your choice. The waitstaff at first seems to project a "No English spoken here" vibe, but they ultimately open up to help your gringo ass out if/when needed. I always start out in Spanish and regress back to English with my tail between my legs.OK, so I didn't venture into the juice/smoothie elements other than sharing an OJ with my peeps. It was room temp, pulpy and clearly fresh.  I have decided that that is the perfect way to serve it up.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/27/2013,461,645,13,38,27>I have anticipated Soto opening since the business was noted as a "coming soon" restaurant in the Cedar Park Impact News. After dining here last night I can attest it was well worth the wait.Upon entering I was greeted warmly and given my choice of where to dine. I usually opt for the sushi bar but I chose a booth in the bar area which was the most lit (natural light) area in the restaurant. The menu is unique Japanese fusion. The entire menu was mouthwatering making it hard to decide what to order. Shortly after I was seated an amuse bouche of edamame mousse with sea salt arrived. After tasting the mousse I knew I was in for a lovely dining experience.   The menu items I tried:Chilean Sea Bass soup - The soup was wrapped in nappa cabbage with a light broth. The dish sat inside another dish of mint water.Sakura Smoked Hamachi Sashimi - The hamachi was served in a smoking glass garnished with a flower petal and yamamomo and served in smoking glass. Seriously it was smoking. The "secret" sauce paired well with the sashimi.Hamachi Toro Tartare - This hamachi dish was topped with caviar and served in an ice block. The sashimi was cooler than I was used to but it tasted wonderful. It had a sauce that I believe was ginger based served equally cool as the fish.O-Toro Sashimi - This rich dish was served on a bed of shaved truffle, risotto and wild mushrooms. Although I liked everything I tried this was my favorite dish.Yuzu Ball - It is a flavorful sweet and sour frozen sorbet. They have a full bar serving bottle beer (to include Fireman's 4 and Stash IPA), a decent wine list and both dessert martinis and after dinner spirits. The wells are mostly Texan and they also serve organic sake from Texas Sake Co.The portions, even the entrees, are very small and the prices are steep. But the creative dishes are of high quality, the presentation exciting and matched with spot on service warrants the price tag. The General Manager Melissa mentioned they will have a happy hour soon.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,7/26/2013,83,113,5,9,8>This place is new - so new that when my friends and I were wandering past it on a random Tuesday night, the doorman's pitch to us was that it had only been open a few days, therefore it would be really good. That sounded like a compelling argument to us at the time!I guess the niche they are aiming for is "people on 6th street who happen to be middleweight liquor connoisseurs, yet who will also dig cans of Miller Lite". Seems like a tricky demographic, but that was us. To that end, they supplement their complement of canned beers with a surprisingly solid whiskey selection. I and a friend had some Four Roses whiskey for $7.75, while another friend had his can of beer pong beer.That whiskey was ordered on a recommendation from the bartender. Maybe that we went on an off night skewed our service, but it was good, and the fact that we recognized some bartenders from other 6th street bars also patronizing the establishment was a good sign.The decor is unspectacular aside from the stage, which is backed up by an incredible neon American flag that is begging for someone to stand in front of it and stand reciting the speech from Patton. On that stage was a band that consisted of a guy with an acoustic guitar, who was no Patton, but seemed to have paid attention to his John Mayer and thereby attracted his share of attentive female patrons.Overall it was decent. It's across the street from Chugging Monkey so we'll see how long it lasts, but I thought it was a good addition to 6th street, which I keep feeling too old for yet can somehow never leave entirely.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/25/2013,8,62,18,6,6>As a guy, ("man," if you will ('manly man', if you're trying to stroke my ego)), it's hard for us to figure out what makes a good hair salon. Women know what procedures they want, how they want them, and the names/hobbies of each of their strands of hair. We just want to look good.  So how can we find places capable of this? In a burst of inspiration, I solved the riddle. Here is the golden question:"Can this salon cut a Japanese guy's hair?"Bear with me here, it's not racist (probably). Have you ever seen Japanese guys' haircuts? They have rapunzel length hair that they want styled to resemble a mohawk mating with a palm tree while pointing straight up, physics be damned (source: google image search). We're using "hair gel," meanwhile their basic cuts requires anti-gravity boosters and fission. Any place that could do these cuts has obviously mastered the craft and could do my hair with their eyes closed.With the reasoning solved, I went about doing intensive and thorough research - finding a highly rated hair salon on yelp, then making sure their services page had the word "Japanese" in it at least twice - and after a grueling and seemingly never-ending 3 minute search, I had my place.  I then proceeded to book an appointment with Tiffany. I strutted in, sat down, and  eloquently explained precisely what I was looking for - "less hair and use the texture thingie." And despite my description, I was STILL able to get an awesome haircut. That's how talented she is. Thanks to her, I went from looking nothing like Brad Pitt, to looking nothing like Brad Pitt but with a nice haircut. I now drive across town to get haircuts from Tiffany, and I'm not even that vain unless there's a mirror around. Summary: Get one haircut with her and you'll never need to look for someone else in Austin. PS: To any Japanese guys I may have offended, feel free to retaliate with Russian jokes about our excessive vodka consumption, large furry hats, bears, communism, and male ballerinas.And stop getting such crazy haircuts.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/24/2013,91,305,4,7,9>Oh yes. I was treated to Tomo for my birthday (thanks for the suggestion Yelp!), and I cannot believe I have passed by this place so many times. It's very unassuming in a strip on West Parmer, next to that place that you hear ads for on the radio for laser hair removal. Not necessarily a place I would think would be this amazing. We started with the Screaming Orgasm & Octopus Tomoviche. Screaming Orgasm is just as good as everyone says and a must try. I won't even try to come up with something funny to say about it and it's name. But it's great. YEP. The Tomoviche was good, but I'd love to try it with Escolar instead. Something about it just needed a more tender fish. We had some sushi and rolls that were all so amazing, I have forgotten what they even were. I'm pretty sure that you'd be happy with whatever you choose. FOR REAL! Oh, we did get the Ex-Girlfriend and it was great! Here's what I love most: this place has a great range from the very traditional to the more modern fusion rolls. They have many, many choices. You can have any type of experience you choose. If you want a birthday experience, make sure you ask the servers secretly to serve your girlfriend dessert. They won't just sing you happy birthday, they'll play a freakin' choral operatic happy birthday over the loud speakers, have you blow out a candle, and you will laugh your ass off like me. Luckily we were one of the last people in there so I think it was less embarrassing than it could have been :)Thanks Tomo for the great experience and for the amazing sushi. I'll be back!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,7/23/2013,32,179,4,6,6>The pork belly sandwich here is probably the best sandwich being served in the downtown area... regardless of location or price.  I've gotten this sandwich about... oh, 5-6 times and every time its spot on.  It's savory, citrusy, and pretty much pure deliciousness.  When the husband and I cannot agree about what to get for dinner, we will wait until they open to grab a sandwich.  I cannot say enough good things about this sandwich.  It's really just an amazing sandwich.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/22/2013,88,312,6,8,7>The next time out-of-towners make me take them down E. 6th, I finally have a place to visit that doesn't have head-pounding music and dudes trying to grind-up-on-me (not that I'm always against that type of thing). The new owners have managed to transform the space into a chillax beer bar. The wood floors, brick wall, and other historic features are absolutely gorgeous. The bar is on Trinity St. inbetween 6th and 7th -- so you might miss if you're not paying attention. 20 craft beers + 2 casks are on tap and everything is $5!! Yes, there are various sizes so stronger beers are in smaller glasses and their "pint" glass is actually 14oz., but still a good deal on most of their beers! Their website has an updated list - so check that if you're looking for anything special. The first floor has the most taps, the 2nd floor only has 10.Recently, the people at Chicago House actually went to Peticolas Brewing in Dallas and brought back kegs of their beer to serve (making it the only bar in Austin to have Peticolas Brewing on tap). Very cool that they're willing to do things like that! We were there on a Friday night and it was a lively crowd, but definitely not busy, hopefully that'll change as more people find out about it.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,7/20/2013,80,213,10,5,5>Let me get this out of the way before I even start: YES, THE NAME MAKES ME LAUGH. I chuckle every time I pass by this little shortbus full of balls. They even have shirts that say "I [heart] Balls"--awwww yeeeeaaahh. Balls balls balls, down in my belly. So--just to get this out of the way--they don't actually serve testiklarna, but rather, savory little bits that are deep-fried. Sort of like a Japanese hushpuppie, only made with meat and other tasty bits insides instead of cornbread filling. They're quite good, albeit a little heavy, which for next-to-venue trailer food is just perfect. There's only about six in a ballsa--err, ball basket, so you're not exactly going to blow your diet in one order. A word of caution: because they're deep fried and come out quite warm, and the substantial fried shell keeps the warmth inside in pretty well, these balls are often pipinig hot. You should probably poke some holes in that coating to allow the balls to breathe a ltitle before inserting them into your ball-hole. Err, mouth. Stick some balls in your mouth. You won't regret it.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/19/2013,60,63,9,24,18>Wow!  I mean holy cow, wow!  So I am not one to start with dessert, but that's the last amazing thing on my mind so it's the first thing I am going to describe:  Cheddar Ice Cream Sandwich!  The ice cream is a slightly sweet, cheddar ice cream which is... waaaaaaaay better than you think it would be, even if you love cheddar and ice cream.  Not too sweet, not too ... sharp, between teo crisps made with a layer of honey, topped with some curls of white cheddar.  Seriously.  Wow!  If you have ever been to Uchiko and found yourself suddenly in love with the corn dessert (which is sooooo much more amazing than it sounds like it would be), you understand...Ok, Now to all the other amazing pieces of our meal:We ordered several banchan (which is korean for.., side dish) - the grilled peach was as amazing as any grilled peach can be.  If you have somehow missed out on this summer delight, next time you are headed to a grill-out, look it up and bring some peaches.  It's always a surprise how GREAT this is anyway, and with some tweaks to marinade and topping, this is pretty top end great!  We also had a pickled egg (i think it's just a variation of ajitama, but a great one!) and greens, which is a do-it-yourself kind of salad, that comes with a side of tangy sauce/dressing, that is as good for just dipping the lettuce into as it would be for a dressing.Dinner!  I ordered the Butter Salmon which was exactly as advertized - salmon, blanched? that was like butter, with light crackers, and creme fraiche, fine chopped onions, shredded boiled egg, something that is best described as shredded garlic tops? (tasty!), roe, and some sea salt.  Every bite was absolutely great, and each bite a(built on each cracker) was beautiful!  I'll have this again.  Definitely.My friend had the Catfish as Unagi - comes with some grilled yellow and green squash and Japanese sweet potato - again - as described - the catfish was grilled and painted and tasted much like unagi!  The vegetables were tasty.  He didn't say much, just ate and plate was clean.Drinks!  I am way picky about my booze and how it is made into cocktails - their Manhattan is spot on perfect. period.My friend had an Aviation and remarked that it was made like it was supposed to be, which for him is a large compliment.This place has a great look and feel.  This was the first night, so things moved a little bumpy, but not slow and all of the food, which is why we were here, was absolutely great.Mr. Qui has a very fine future with this establishment.  I cannot wait to come back and check out the Rabbit 7 Ways and the Beouf for 2 or 3 that is currently on the menu, plus whatever other fantastic surprises he has in mind.Yay!UPDATE: Just for the sake of clarity - Qui does not open officially until 6/20, but they are open nightly until then with a limited menu while they smooth out their process, etc.  It's all walk-up at this point, no reservations (I think).
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,7/18/2013,120,239,11,13,13>Wanna get away from the hustle of Austin? Need a romantic date location? Want to get drunk on some great wine? Dudes, want to get lucky? Take your lady here. If you've answered "yes" to all these then I've got the place for YOU!A group of us decided to take an adult field trip to Trattoria Lisina. It was heavenly. The drive was nice and it wasn't terribly far. The entire compound whisked me away to a little piece of Italy..way little but use your imagination. The food was a pleasant surprise. Everything came out perfect. The Anti-Pasta plate was delicious. I had the special which was seafood risotto. Yea, I took a risk and the reward was certainly presented. Perfectly seasoned with a creamy tomato base and lots of fresh not overcooked seafood :) SO GOOD!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,7/17/2013,255,164,16,13,14>Once when standing in line, (9 times out of 10 you will wait in line to order) a man overheard me recommend what I liked off the menu to a friend, so he asked me to repeat my suggestions. I said The Noble Pig, Smoked Duck Pastrami, Seared Beef Tongue, and the PBLT. I usually order the The Noble Pig, because that spicy ham / pulled pork combo is the lick.My only gripe involves the one occasion I went to TNP for breakfast. I liked my waffle with sausage, but I took a friend there and she got the Biscuit and Gravy with a side of bacon. The bacon was so dry and brittle, it looked like fake bacon dog treats and wasn't good at all. I'm no bacon connoisseur, but I was kind of embarrassed because I'd talked this place up as a Pork Paradise, only to see them screw up an essential pork product.This does not in any way deter me from returning to order sandwiches, or even from giving them 5 stars, but it's one of those things that make you go "hmmm"..If I was a little richer, I'd eat here more often. It's right by my house, and run by friendly helpful staff.  It's a sandwich place so tasty and unique, I brought my mother when she was visiting from Kansas. She really enjoyed it, and she's like the Grumpy Cat of dining out.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/16/2013,74,118,7,9,8>Surely, by now you all know two things about me...I love to drink (socially) and I am a certified cheapskate when it comes to doing so. So, naturally, I have fallen head-over-heels in love with this place. You might not see the appeal from the outside, but it is definitely worth your time. Skip the bar hop, Bender's is your new go-to. - $2.50 wells (need I say more?)...ladies and gents' they are generous here, so much so that even the heaviest drinker will find their 'happy place,' after only a few sips. - Full bar including beer on tap, $5.00 Margarita's and Long Island's (amongst other drink specials). - Food menu which includes the $0.50 Tuesday night wing special, $1.00 sliders, and much more. My personal fav., is the fried pickles.  - THE STAFF! The bartenders, waitstaff, and specifically the door guys deserve special props-they are always personable, always greeting you with a smile and an inviting demeanor (which speaks for upper management). -Entertainment: arcade style games, (2) pool tables, foosball, jukebox, dart boards (3), TV's and more. -Environment: it's spacious. The crowd definitely speaks to the late 20's mid 30's crowd, it's a bar you'd meet up with coworkers or fly solo. Not to mention there's a swanky outdoor space too. If, and I'm saying 'if' I had to complain...it would be about the dart boards, they're worn out, as are the dry erase boards, but honestly if I can't hit the bull's-eye sober, I damn sure won't hit it post a heavily poured $2.50 well.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,7/15/2013,25,19,9,10,13>Wow. The first reviewer sure takes her frozen yogurt seriously!!Yes, this place isn't as polished as the big box competitor down the street, but the yogurt is yummy, the outdoor seating is awesome, the service is super friendly... And they just opened up--like last week. I'm sure that they have some kinks to work out, and that they'll build upon what they already offer--but sheesh. I've seen MANY established businesses that aren't rocking it like they are.Even if nothing changes, I would much rather visit this place. The owner is on site (can we say local business?), it's really convenient to get to for those of us who live in the Four Points Area, the prices are reasonable, and I like their variety of yogurt and toppings. Personally? I've never been much for chocolate syrup. And, I really like supporting local businesses. I say, Keep it up, It's All About Yogurt! I'm so glad that you're there now, and I look forward to many visits over the coming months.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/14/2013,48,112,3,8,5>Preston really came through for me this weekend.  A friend needed a very specific car (convertible red corvette) for a Hindu wedding entrance (forget coming in on a horse, this is 350 horses...).  Luckily a friend had one in San Antonio but we had to get the car photo-shoot ready by 11:30am and he was coming in the night before (a rainy night no less).  I had set everything up previously with Preston through FB messages (see his Facebook page for many photo examples of his clients' rides) and was nervous that everything would work out right given the tight time schedule.  Preston not only got the car looking better than showroom but also delivered it to the hotel and was on time and easy to communicate with throughout the process.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,7/13/2013,178,61,7,9,8>Tonight was my first time going, and might I say, I was not surprised at the quality. I've heard really good things about this food trailer. Usually when something is hyped up for me, I am disappointed, but I was not.Having visited Taiwan more than once, this did remind me a little bit of Taiwan. Not only ordering food because of language barriers, but the sitting down in a bench/table on the side of the street next to the chef, and even the food itself. Ahh, nostalgia. I miss Taiwan. I miss the food! Thanks for the nostalgic feeling Julie. I'm not trying to be mister know-it-all, I promise. I ordered the zha jiang mian. Yes, it was a little on the oily side, but I didn't mind that at all. I'm not picky about that. It had a generous serving of ground pork, and the noodles. OH MAN THE NOODLES! So good. I understand what some reviews meant by "weird looking and clunky" but who cares? When it gets to your belly, it's all gonna be a cluster fck of noodles anyway. What matters is the texture, the taste... The noodles were really good. Julie only knows a little English, so it took us a while to understand why she was offering us the spicy oil to put into our dishes. My friend and I think she made our broth a little mild so we can adjust the spiciness to our desired levels. But despite the language barrier, Julie is one of the nicest people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. But that's a whole other story in itself. But she made the overall experience that much more fantastic. The only critique I have is that, like others have said, the zha jiang mian was more of a soup dish, and it should be more of a sauce on top of noodles. It was still really delicious though. My friend got the beef noodle soup and said it was really good too. I'll have to try that the next time I go. I did try the beef in her soup, and it was ridiculously tender. YUM. I looked at majority of the negative reviews, which they were disappointed (and a good chunk from white people), or they weren't thrilled with the lack of cleanliness. I didn't see anything that looked dirty? But HELLO, if those same yelpers go to Asia, they are in for a rude awakening. Asia doesn't have the cleanest food stands, but the food more than makes up for it. And for those people who think Julie's trailer isn't clean, man... I don't know, I guess I'm biased. Totally worth the price, and totally worth driving to west campus from north Austin. Authentic stuff. And homemade authentic pulled noodles! Get in mah belly please!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,7/10/2013,139,134,11,10,11>Insane in the Membrane!! Of the local sushi places I frequent, this has to be my favorite! Not only because they have a double happy hour, but because, I have yet to try an item on the menu that I don't like. My absolute favorite has got to be the insane roll! It is about 12 inches of pure pleasure! (wait, that didn't sound right) The roll is extremely HOT!!!! SPICY!! It'll make you sweat for sure. I have other best in shows as well... like the Volcano Roll, the Hulk Roll, and the Red Devil. The sashimi is pretty good too!Happy hour drinks are usually $2 domestic pints, well drinks, and saki...The staff is always friendly, and Rick the manager/bartender, will keep pourin' em till you say when!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/7/2013,4221,482,19,33,27>I just had to go back.  Twice now since my last review and both visits were even better than the first .  The overall quality and experience here is consistently superb.  Okay, I'll just admit it right now - - Ramen Tatsu-Ya is my new crack, yet unlike the street drug where (they say) one can never achieve a high as good as the first time, it's the total opposite with these guys - - it gets better and better with each visit.  This is also the only time I can recall (while writing my initial review) the craving for their ramen became so (God Blessed) insatiable, I deviated from my evening activities to make the time to go back.  Yeah, I think I'm addicted, I have a problem.    After a swim @ the gym I immediately head over to find a respectable line.  But that doesn't matter anymore, it's so damn good it's well worth the wait.  I made the most of my time in line by meeting some new acquaintances along w/ some up and coming hipsters (who felt the same way about the potency of this place), the 40 min flew by and I was ready to order. This time Chiai was manning the register, and this cute hipster girl (CHG) definitely has her act together.  She was very patient, polite, and professional as I ordered the #1 (again) thanks to the incredible broth + pork belly.  I added extra garlic, nori, and a Fire bowl to spice it up (her recommendation).  My new Foodie Friends said the Chashu Bowl was also a must.  CHG scans the dining room and asked if it was okay to seat me at a specific table - it turns out she picked the perfect grazing area for me, so I naturally obliged.  They must be on some speed here cuz the food's out in a flash, and the #1 ramen was - again - nothing short of phenomenal.  I got plenty of press-ur-own garlic cloves and I absolutely love-love-love the Fire In A Bowl!!  I'm so glad Chiai recommended it  - - excellent suggestive selling as it lives up to its name and has a nice umami zing to it.  All that's missing is a jar w/ a label and I'd be more than happy to order a case.  The Chashu Bowl was superb, the pork belly was soft and flavorful and the ginger took it to a whole new level - - almost like a party in your mouth it's definitely a must-try.  On the 3rd visit Chiai (with her warm hospitality and smile) recommended adding brussels sprouts + bamboo for my (again) #1 bowl.  All I can say is *hot damn!* this CHG's recommendations are spot-on!!  She's not all aesthetics ya know - - she's sharp, efficient, to-the-point, and very accommodating.  The perfect Ramen Tatsu-Ya match-maker to help maximize your experience, what more could you ask for?   Everything was phenomenal, and to top it all off H-Girl from my initial visit stopped over while I was wallowing in my ramen w/ a big smile to say hello- - how nice and sweet!  Shel even triple-checked on me to make sure it was all good, so very courteous, attentive, and professional!  I've done enough research in my time to know that "waiting" is the #1 customer dissatisfier (~77%).  Yes, Americans do not like to wait, however, Ramen Tatsu-Ya is the only place that's impervious to this rule simply because its unique and quality experience is well worth the wait!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,7/5/2013,79,202,4,6,5>Did you know that gelato supposedly has less fat than ice cream? Many are made with milk and not pure cream, so its less guilty to eat which means you can eat more. There, now I gave you a reason to indulge. Gelato is always presented so beautifully, how does one resist? Teo's gelato is beautiful and hits the spot fo sho! I have only tried a fraction of what they offer, but I know Salted Caramel will always appear in my cup.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/4/2013,84,133,4,7,6>Craft Pride opened its doors tonight.   It is the newest and furthest south bar on Rainey Street.   They have 50 Texas beers on draft; my favorite is the Naked Nun from Adelberts Brewery on Rutland.Gorgeous building.  Everything is all wood.   The bar is made out of an enormous 6 inch slab cut out of the center of some giant tree.   Wonderful deck out back.And for you Bacon lovers, the mobile Bacon trailer is going to be permanently parked out back.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/3/2013,724,628,11,18,13>I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed the awesome folks at Austin Dogtown.My girl Mindy LOVES it there. At the previous place we boarded her, she would always balk at the door and you could tell she was not happy to be there. It was awful; it always hurt my heart to leave her there, even though the staff always told me afterwards that she had enjoyed herself.At Austin Dogtown, she runs right up to the door, tail a-waggin', and you can tell she's excited to see Becca, Laurie, and all her other Dogtown friends, both human and canine. She never, ever looks back as I leave...which makes her mama a little bit sad in a different way, but also means I have 100% peace of mind that she's having a great time while I'm off on vacation or at work (we also take her for weekly play dates here, she loves it so much). The dogs are never kenneled or crated except for meal time and sleep time, so it's basically all play, all day - it's no wonder she loves it there! And the staff is great about posting photos of the pups having fun, so I get to stalk Mindy on Facebook and see her at play.I think the only thing that could improve Austin Dogtown would be if they let me play there all day, too. Big thanks to Becca, Laurie, and the rest of the Dogtown crew for taking such great care of my girl when I can't be there to do it myself.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,7/2/2013,421,256,7,17,15>You can eat paleo/primal/Gluten-free here! Believe it. It's called their large Espinaca salad with sirloin, and it is what I've been devouring after hiking, weight lifting or particularly warm yoga. Now if only they'd serve salads before 11am. Can that happen, TD? A server at the Lamar location once told me an explanation why TD's hours are only till 3p, where their competitors stay open way later and open the same time: mostly it was due to the lack of traffic past 3p to their Spyglass location. It's possible the source didn't have all the information, or they were misinformed, but in any case: I suspect TD would get much more business if they stayed open later. Because we love them that much!One thing I'd recommend if I worked for 'Deli marketing though: put your T.D. swag on your website and let us buy it online! There are some seriously creative fitted shirts I'd make my kickball team wear to represent, only it would be a dance team. Really, could you imagine *me* anywhere near a flying weighty projectile? Pfft.I love my Taco Deli.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,7/1/2013,103,226,5,8,7>This is the kind of place that'd make me consider moving to Taylor. The BBQ doesn't knock your socks off, but it's good enough for seconds. Especially the pork rib and the turkey sausage, both of which are done damn near perfectly.My favorite part was that the beer, which is already so cheap it should be a crime, is served in a bottle that's just this side of frozen. I would love to spend a hot afternoon in here cooling off with $2 ice cold Shiners listening to the classic country playing over the speakers. With occasional trips to the bathroom that smells of cedar wood (which will forever remind me of my Pop's wood shop), even though I couldn't find any cedar in the room.I was looking forward to trying the chili, but Vencil only makes it on Wednesdays and only during the winter months. Looks like I'll be taking off work on a Wednesday just as soon as it's cold again. (So, like, never.)Thanks for the autographed copy of your newspaper write ups, Vencil. You're a hell of a guy.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/29/2013,185,122,21,11,10>I was in here last night. 2 women were sitting outside enjoying drinks, nothing out of the ordinary. I was with a rather large group of friends. We got our drinks and stood outside under the patio heaters. It was colder inside that outside, those patio heaters are that awesome.We continued drinking and talking, when suddenly out of the corner of my eye, I see one of the aforementioned woman, take her shirt off. Her friend followed suit. So now they were sitting there without shirts on, in bras, on a patio. We're still not sure why this is happening. They go inside get shirts, and then come outside and try wearing shirts again. I guess they were swapping shirts or something.We all get back to our business.A few minutes later, I have sense of deja vu. Is this really happening? Have they taken off their shirts again? Yes. One of them proceeds to take her bra off, flash the whole bar and patio, and the walkers and bikers on the street outside. Boobs. They proceeded to get their clothes back on. We went on with our drinks.I don't know what it is about this place, but it is fucking awesome.New drink recommendations for the Brixton - The Dark and Stormy - dark rum, ginger beer, and lime juice.The Texas Mule - Deep Eddy vodka, ginger beer, and lime juice.I clearly love ginger beer.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,6/28/2013,704,840,18,25,24>While researching the word "Lenoir" I found: "Lenoir. A small, destitute town in the foothills of North Carolina, populated mostly by drunk rednecks."  Um NO!  This is NOT my Lenoir.  My lovely, romantic, serene, delicious, wonderful, spectacular Lenoir.  I found a simple but stunning dining room designed with a long community table, a series of small tables and choice bar seating. We were placed at the end where we could chat with the very helpful bartendress/menu guide, Melinda. To my right was "Blonde Wine Sales Gal" who advised us on just about everything on the menu. Plates would gently arrive around the corner of the bar or from behind us.  Each time, the deliverer gave us a detailed soliloquy of our food.  My Prosecco "Sur Lie" was fresh, crisp and delicious and went beautifully with my first course of Roasted Beets/Green Curry Aoili/Smoked Mushrooms and Pumpkin Seeds.The menu is exquisite and offers a $35 three course dinner.  Here is my advice to you as I received from my new best friend "Blonde Wine Sales Gal: "GET THE FISH! PLEASE."  It is a revelation.  The Poha-Crusted White Fish/Cauliflower Curry/Roasted Mushrooms/Cilantro melted in my mouth.  I saw baby Jesus.  Unicorns danced on my plate.  Rainbows appeared on the bar.We met the young owner who shares responsibilities with his pastry chef wife along with caring for their two year old. Her dreamy dessert creation, Dark Chocolate Chiboust/Earl Grey/Strawberry Sorbet/cocoa Nibs & Pecans, was devoured quickly.  I tried to keep up with Hubby taking bites of his and then one of mine.  That was not easy but I think I won.Lenoir.  A revelation and not a destitute redneck town in North Carolina.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/27/2013,514,316,8,7,8>I may have cursed myself by living only a few blocks from this place, because my bank account & waist line. The traditional pancake is amazing, prepare to be blown away by the original that's loaded with pork belly. Filling, but not glutinous enough to make my stroll home uncomfortable. The owner is also super friendly, and is eager to please his customers and ensure that you'll want to come back.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,6/26/2013,113,132,4,8,7>it's my 100th review!  Yaaaaaay!I decided to pick a spot that is special to me and well deserving of a good review.  The FQG was the first "fancy date" the bf took me on, over 2 years ago.  We have continued to patronize the lovely establishment and consistently love everything we eat.The FQG is unassuming because it is in a shopping center with a Wal-mart.  This may turn you off.  Just try to avert your eyes and steer towards the restaurant.  There is a hostess station and they lead you to your table in the small dining room - i wouldn't say more than 30 tables.  There is dark wood, chandeliers and New Orleans themed paintings.  It's a comfortable place.  The bf and i have long shrugged off the "fancy" moniker, as we now live around the corner from the place and can go on a regular basis.  I no longer feel the need to dress up, is what i'm sayin.  This last visit we had the dinner special ( a tenderloin topped with 3 friend shrimp, mashed potatoes and green beans. - $35) and the shrimp and crawfish pasta (15$).The steak was perfectly cooked (they Always are) and had a spicy rub on it that seasoned the meat perfectly.  The 3 fried shrimp were cornmeal battered and fried to perfection.  We weren't big fans of the mashed potatoes (weirdly grainy) and the green beans (limp and boring)  but the steak was ment to be the star of the show and it was.The shrimp and seafood pasta looked and tasted amazing.  3 color cheese tortellini, boiled crawfish tails and grilled shrimp tossed in a cream sauce.  It was divine!  The tails were BIG and meaty and the shrimp perfectly grilled.  I was pretty much in food nirvana.  I took most of it home (tiny stomach), but happily devoured it (cold! yep. i went there.) a couple of hours later.The Boy and i even went all out and got dessert!  Considering over half my meal was already boxed to go, we really didn't have room for dessert.  But, dammit, we wanted it!  we never do that.... really.  We took some chocolate raspberry creme brulee to go.  i gave it about 30 mins in the fridge before going for it.  It was amazing!   And i was impressed that they were able to make a really good sugar crust on top in a to go container. Service was a little off this time (which, i won't put past my decision that FQG is no longer "fancy" and i rolled up in my kitchy t-shirt, converse and messy pony tail at 8.30 on Friday night...  but, hey.  This is Austin.)  We waited a little to long for bread, we waited a little to long to have our orders taken.  We waited a little too long for a water refill, but all forgivable for some of the most delicious Cajun food in town.Take your girl here for your first "fancy" date.  Take your parents when you want a "fancy" meal and don't have to pay for it.  Go for lunch because it's actually quite reasonably priced.  Just take yourself.  Add FQG  to your list of favorites and remember to send me a little good Karma when you think back on what a delicious meal you had at the French Quarter Grill.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/25/2013,193,153,8,12,9>I told the ladies when I walked in I felt like a kid in a candy store. What an amazing place with so many choices. Corsets, stockings, and thongs, oh my! Join the thong club and you get a free thong (or pay a little extra for boy shorts), a free one with every 5 purchased, and a discount on your birthday.Be sure and check out the clearance rack!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,6/24/2013,261,103,16,14,16>Let me just take a minute to echo a few of the things the other reviewers have been telling you: CHEAP DRINKS. No really. $3.50 for a Left Hand Milk Stout? It makes me want to put my face next to the imaginary face of this bar and just kiss it right on the lips.Here are some other reasons to love VCSC:- Good beer selection.- CHEAP DRINKS- Large patio area- VIA 313 pizza trailer (YUM)- CHEAP DRINKS- Nice, dimly lit inside area to make all patrons look more attractive.- Attractive bearded patrons (side note: the next time my drunk alter ego, Mindy, comes out, she'll be coming here to mack on some hip dudes who like watching the sports).- Quite a few well-placed TVs for those who like watching the sports.- CHEAP DRINKSSome notes from my friends:- Only 2 bathroom stalls in the ladies room, so it makes it hard to hide that you just vomited up that shot of Jagermeister- You should always order the top shelf liquor when you're getting drinks because it's still ridiculously cheap.So, here's to you, Violet Crown! You had me at cheap drinks and you kept me interested with your friendly and attentive staff, good location, and overall happy vibe.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,6/23/2013,322,621,8,11,10>On Friday, our office bid farewell to my good friend and co-worker, Rusty P (no relation to his zipper), who leaves the University for considerably greener pastures in Austin.  Rusty chose one of his favorite San Martian restaurants, Root Cellar, for his last meal.Although I'd tried to revisit this place a couple of times since my last review, it was always overcrowded with a wait far too long for a typical lunch break.  I was quite surprised to find that, at 11:55, the restaurant was only somewhat busy, and our reserved table for 13 (!) was ready and waiting for our arrival.I ordered the Ciabatta Cheesesteak sandwich with a side of garlic scallion mashed potatoes.  It was presented as a diagonially sliced sandwich on a plate with artfully rendered chocolate drizzle (see photo).  I thoroughly enjoyed the cheesesteak sandwich, but the mashed potatoes were out-of-this-world supernatural incredible.  They alone are worth a return trip, no kidding!Our waiter was totally awesome, and handled our actual party of 11 with aplomb.  He encouraged seating me immediately, as I was first to arrive, and waited patiently for the last two of the group to arrive some 25 minutes later before taking our orders.  Although it was clear from the delay between ordering and food arrival that our large table had slammed the kitchen, no fuss was made, and our food was out in a reasonable amount of time, 100% correct.  At the end of the meal, we were presented with separate checks, with an expected large table gratuity, which was a very thoughtful arrangement by the restaurant and our waiter.Thanks, Root Cellar, for making a vastly more positive impression this time out.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/22/2013,105,112,6,11,6>This place is the DEFINITION of a 5 star experience. If you don't know much about Restaurant Jezebel, one of the most interesting points to remember is that there are -no- menus. Chef Vora essentially makes you a custom meal based on your preferences!The restaurant is in a private-looking dining room in the back of the Bar Mirabeau. The paintings around are beautiful, the music is appropriately soothing, and the ambiance is dark, but not stuffy. One of my favorite parts of the experience was the feeling that you had stumbled upon something secret - and mystical. Like a secret supper society, or something. The room is small, probably around 6 tables in total, and I've heard the chef only fills the room once per night. Your waiter comes by to explain how it works a little. They ask you if you have allergies, spice tolerance, what kind of meats you like, etc.  Originally, I was a bit cynical and assumed that he'd make generally the same dishes for everyone and just alter a few things. I was WRONG! Looking around at what everyone was eating, everyone had a different experience on their table. Be precise with your descriptions of what you want, and as detailed as you can be. I wish I had told my waiter that I wanted less gamey meats, but I felt prepared for anything at the time. We had pork belly, perfectly cooked lobster, flounder, antelope, lamb, quail - some stood out more than others - with delicious sauces and veggies along for the ride! I was definitely full by the end of the meal. So was, I should mention, my 6'6" partner in food. Though we ended up adding the cheese plate, chef Vora definitely gives you enough to satisfy you, physically and emotionally (ugh, why do my descriptions of food always end up sounding dirty?)The dessert is where the food went from "good" to "spectacular." The restaurant has some amazing pastry chefs, because the flour-less chocolate cake and assortment of truffles and candies (passion fruit, raspberry-dark chocolate, lime marshmallows, gingered grapefruit) that we got were out of this world. If i could eat a meal of -only- the passion fruit truffles, I WOULD! I should add, we got an extra helping of cake to take home because it was my hubby's birthday. To add the sixth star (if only I could add an extra to this review!) to the experience, the waiter walked me out of the restaurant with an umbrella so I wouldn't ruin my hair (it was raining really hard), to our car, ready and waiting the moment we got outside. The valet service is included.  They even gave us some incredibly moist coffee cake to go, so we could eat a nice breakfast the next day (ate it in the car ride the way home. Yes, I'm a fatty - and it was delicious!)To sum it all up: Definitely a special occasion sort of place - expensive, reservation needed, but SO worth it. Jackets required, gentlemen! Food was good, dessert was great, service was killer. Amazing experience.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/21/2013,486,215,6,7,8>There's not a whole lot to say about most downtown Austin bars in general. The differences between most of the herd--particularly around the 6th Street area--are subtle.  I had the chance to visit Red Eyed Fly with a good friend a few weeks ago to watch her friend's band.  The band, whose name I can't even recall, was OK.  I came out of the place with an overall pleasant experience. So to review a bar like this, I think it needs to be boiled down to a few key elements, so here we go:~The beer was cold, and cheap.~The bartenders were friendly, and I struck up light banter with them when they weren't busy.~The back patio where the stage is, was pretty nice.~And, (because I'm 99% single) there were some hot girls there.The friendly bartenders, and the killer back porch knocked the star rating from an otherwise three to a four. Ice cold PBR's, decent but forgettable bands, and hot chicks-- what's not to love? I'll be back, for sure!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/20/2013,145,194,9,10,11>This place makes me smile. It intrigued me from the first time I passed it, and I'm so glad that I finally got to stop in. It's right next an trailer park, so we got to stop and get ice cream from Cool Haus before heading there, and then, on the back patio, we had a choice between Arlo's, the delicious vegan trailer, and Me So Hungry. If you go hungry on the east side, there's something wrong with you, because you can't walk two steps without getting smacked in the face by a food truck. I don't know why I liked this place so much. I guess because I was having a blast, my Lone Star was cold, and the patio was large and bustling. Honestly, I'll probably give 5 stars to all the east side bars I've been to because they are all so, so much cooler than pretty much any of the places I went in Toronto. Maybe I'm easily impressed, or maybe East Austin is just one of the coolest, funnest places to hang out.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,6/19/2013,393,621,6,12,18>Last Friday night, we experienced a minor fiasco at Reale's involving the hostess and getting seated.  As a result, we ended up walking out. I decided to follow up by contacting Reale's.What blew me away was the response.  I've heard from both a manager and an owner.  No excuses.  They took ownership of the situation, apologized, and gave me the rundown to explain how things fell apart for them on Friday.I still love the food and knowing that their management "gets it" gives me a reason to go back.  Just maybe not on Friday night....
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,6/18/2013,147,191,5,10,6>Still as good as ever. I became a fan when he still served off of South 1st, and the fact that on a Thursday lunch the line for BBQ is still long and coming to the more interior 6th and Pedernales location shows he's retained his loyal customers. The turkey was flavorful and moist, pork shoulder was amazing and charred perfectly. His potato salad is always the best, sprinkled with paprika. Drinks included Barton Springs Soda (root beer, orange creme) although I didn't spy any Sweet Leaf today. If it'll be your first time, two words: beef ribs. Okay, 2 more: moist brisket. Something my regular friend mentioned was his setup is probably the best so far and an improvement from the South 1st location, with a large tent and two rows of picnic tables within a gate and plenty of room for a line. I like it better also because it's not off a major street (less noise) and you actually have to TRY to find it (do visitors just "stumble upon" amazing BBQ?). What I noticed also was seeing some of the older folks or even people visiting solo for lunch, which proves to me that this place is legit because older folks don't just eat anywhere (they know what good bbq is and will embrace it and its many health benefits) and solo folks aren't going there for socializing alone. I know some of us shed a tear when the South 1st location closed, but look at us Austinites, spoiled with the return of John Mueller's fine work, and now on the east side in such a short time. Get there early and park on 6th (he opens at 10:30 Tue-Sat) to avoid excess wait time. That's for the tourists.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,6/17/2013,168,88,6,11,10>Let it be known - there is a reason this place is solidly 5 star reviewed, I am revived! I will never go anywhere else in Austin! I immediately loved Ranae. She is beautiful, she has a very calm, warm vibe about her. I settled into that comfortable feeling and wondered, on a scale of 1-10, how inappropriate would it be to cuddle your newly-met stylist? She began with a full, careful consultation. I had recently been burned by a hideous electro-clash mullet from not one, but two well-reviewed salons in Austin, so although I'm not one to typically get weird and skittish about my hair, I was very nervous. She heard me out, discussed her strategy and waited for me to give my approval. When she began cutting, she explained that she liked to cut hair dry in sort of an organic way. I had never had my hair dry cut before, and it was very reassuring. I wasn't concerned that the hair would take on another life once dried, and my hair is a duplicitous wretch, so this is progress. After the cut, she lathered my hair up with nourishing Kevin Murphy products and gave me an absolutely killer neck and shoulder massage :swoon: I sipped a drink the whole time and felt absolutely unhurried. It was truly an experience, one that had me thinking about my wardrobe before going. I mean, I wanted to impress her!She sent me home with a bag full of samples to try, a gorgeous haircut, and an unshakable loyalty to Method, no matter what the price or lead time required to get an appointment. I heart you, Ranae!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/16/2013,228,74,7,9,9>MOON MILK IS LIQUID GOLD. SERIOUSLY. Summermoon is my new safe haven. My old roommate is obsessed with Summermoon and I finally tried it out this year, and I'm so glad I did. It's such a cute and comfortable coffee shop with an ample amount of inside seating and also an outdoor patio for beautiful days like today. It's a great place to get some work done and practically hibernate for six hours, but also a great place to relax, read a book, catch up with friends, or even grab a drink and go. Whatever suits your fancy, Summermoon is perfect, in every way.The coffee and espresso drinks are delicious, as they should be. They are the only place that I know of that serves wood-fired coffee which actually makes a difference in the taste. Their black coffee is delicious, but when I'm here, I more so gravitate to any drink that contains even a teaspoon of moon milk - it makes everything so heavenly. I still have no idea exactly what it is - some sort of sweet, white cream - but whatever it is I want it. All of it. It's mine. And no sharing.The Half Wintermoon is my favorite drink as the Wintermoon (which contains twice the amount of moon milk) is a bit too sweet for me. When it comes to hot drinks, I prefer their warm counterparts - the Half Moon Latte over the Summermoon Latte. The Chai Vanilla Latte is another one of my favorites and beats out any other Chai Latte I've ever had, and I think I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to chai lattes. The Moon Glacier (you can choose Vanilla, Java Chip, or Heath Bar) is also really good, but is definitely more of a milkshake rather than a more liquid drink which I wasn't really prepared for. Even so, I can't complain about it at all - it's delicious. I haven't tried anything that I haven't liked so close your eyes, play eenie meenie miney mo, and take your pick! Also, for all you non-coffee drinkers, they have a great selection of Mighty Leaf teas, which are great since they are a full-leaf tea.Their snack and food options are also good and range from pastries to empanadas from Mmmpanadas which is great for some sustenance when camping out for a while. And believe me, you will be camping out for a while - there's free wifi, tons of outlets, tons of seating, and it's overall a great atmosphere - great lighting, cute lamps, and interesting decor. The fact that there is parking lot in the front and in the back makes it stress-free to come and go. So definitely come on over.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/15/2013,315,239,14,14,16>Did you know that the world's only 100 proof, 100% organic tequila company is based right here in Austin, Texas? Neither did I until I had the good fortune to attend a pre-SXSW event (Dulce Vida Barreled, sponsored by Collings Guitars) last night hosted at the Dulce Vida shop down near Nutty Brown on Hwy 290 West.The venue is a warehouse stocked with tequila aging barrels. Not sure if they actually store or distribute any product from there on a regular basis, but the night of the event, we were able to taste every version of their award-winning tequila, from blanco to reposado (aged 11 months), to añejo (aged 24 months) to añejo Lone Star edition (specially aged in Texas bourbon barrels). Each one was delicious, smooth, and STRONG! Did I mention it's 100 proof? I love that Dulce Vida is produced with a serious focus on sustainability and hand-crafted quality, not to mention that when I order this brand, I'm supporting a local small business.At the Barreled event, we also enjoyed other local treats, including beer by Austin's Thirsty Planet, Texas bourbon whiskey by Garrison Brothers, and food truck fare by The Peached Tortilla, Dock and Roll Diner, Guac N' Roll. Music was supplied by great local bands playing Collings Guitars hand-crafted by the artisans at the Collings shop next door.But back to this fine tequila... if you want to find out where it is served or sold in Austin, check out the Dulce Vida Sightings website dulcevidaspirits.com/map where you can search by zip code and locate Dulce Vida at your favorite restaurants, bars, and liquor stores.  You can even upload a picture of yourself and your friends enjoying a sip.¡Salud!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/14/2013,199,518,5,15,11>It was voted by the Austin Chronicle 2010 Best Lunch Refuge for the Downtown Masses. It's true because you can't find the place since it is in the basement. Don't need to worry though. You can access it from the outside. Where is this located? In case you miss it, you go down north of Lavaca Street and when you hit the end of the road, it is on your right. There's a neon sign says Open and the address itself is the Office of the Secretary of State. It is small but there are tables outside and a couple of tables inside. It is open only from 7am - 2pm. But the cooking is so good. The people are very nice. Now if you are on a diet this place is not for you. It's comfort food. I recommend calling in advance so you don't have to wait a long line. I would say this place is the best kept secret. Well that is until I blew I secret wide open. But seriously try it out. Your wallet won't hurt you.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/13/2013,130,201,6,14,10>I'm fairly artistic, but I struggle with interior decorating to the point that a former Realtor told me that my house looked like a man lived there. I'm assuming she meant a utilitarian, straight man who still had his college furniture. On the bright side, I'm not constantly redecorating, and my husband is happy.So we finally decided that our house needed some color besides the neutral brown/beige tones bestowed upon us by our manly builder and our love of natural woods and leather accents. The only problem was that, having the decorating knowledge equivalent to two men, and the budget equivalent to a couple with two expensive children, we hesitated every time it came to decisions. I ran across a Groupon awhile back for a color consultation from Spaces Designed, and I decided to call in a professional. The young woman who showed up with swatches and color strips was calm, professional, and kinder than my Realtor had been, by far (maybe it helped to have long since given away my college furniture?). She asked me questions about what colors and styles I like and don't like, and then she confidently whipped out her tools like a magic wand and laid out a color plan for me.  Within an hour, I had designer colors for my pseudo man-cave that actually made me happy, because they weren't brown or freaky pink or any other risky colors that scare me. They were an array of muted grey-greens.I hesitated a bit when the painter was working, because I wasn't used to color on my walls, but I bit my tongue. And when it was all done and everything was put back where it belonged, my house was beautiful. I know this, because several of my female friends with actual decorating talent told me so, and rather convincingly at that.So if you're ready for a change, even you don't have the budget or the stomach for a total remodel, you might want to check them out for something as simple as a color consultation. I know they do a lot more than this, and if I have the budget in the future, I'd give them a call again.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,6/12/2013,183,201,24,9,4>For me, the problem with healthy vegetarian restaurants like Casa is all the busybody vegetarians you find yourself surrounded by.For example, while checking out earlier today we overheard the cashier talking with another lady about a patron who did not remove their hat to eat.  She mentioned that this was terribly disrespectful and that she told him so.Yep, out of all the things to worry about in this world, this lady chooses to harass customers of CDL who choose to keep their hat on while they eat.   Strange, I just can't imagine having so much time on my hands that this thought would even cross my mind.  -  Weird.Anyway...  I digress...  If you've been eating crap for most of your life and you come here, you'll probably think the food sucks because you are used to lots of salt and MSG.However, once you get on a healthy regimen, this place can't be beat for how good it makes you feel after you've eaten.  I love it.One more tip - I've tried pretty much all of the desserts and this is where CDL lacks in my opinion.  The pecan pie is the only way to go.If you've never tried CDL, give it a try and PLEASE, if at all possible, wear a hat.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,6/11/2013,36,114,10,10,11>Let the wine flow...This felt like a first date... they are new to the area, I'm new to them... They are a little nervous so I lighten the mood and assure them all is fine... and it is... The renovation looks wonderful, at night even magical with all the lights... The nice long copper bar is inviting and overall the interior has nice modern rustic classiness while outside the staggered patios look ready for relaxing on slow southern summer nights.  As you'd expect, the wine list is extensive and they carry top notch whiskeys too. There is also a beautiful giant oak in the front and one in the back, sadly, not as visible to diners.This review is not really about the food although I did enjoy my generous prosciutto pizza with my lovely glass of pinot grigio. Its arugula could use a drizzle of evoo. Instead, I want to give them props for intent and intensity. Winflo is worthy of a second date.... who knows, we may get serious...
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/10/2013,62,117,3,8,6>Try the apple cinnamon whiskey - housemade and DAYUM good! I am a fan of whiskey and flannel wearing baristas so you can imagine me completely swooning over the decor, the smell of bold coffee, and the nice draw of BBQ aroma. Come here to drink and/or meet up with friends at any time of the day or night.  I was here on a Saturday night and it was the most relaxing place I could be at (I was avoiding Rainey, downtown, East, etc) and still have some bold and glorious local draft beer.The Buzz Mill - put some music out on that beautiful stage! I cannot wait to have a reason, other than BlueOx BBQ, to sit by the firepit and be outside.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,6/9/2013,149,298,8,5,4>Did you know that there is already a bar on the south side called Casino?So I'm out Saturday night with two of my peeps, and a mutual friend suggest we go meet her at this cool bar called Casino. None of us had heard of it, so I  look it up on my map app on my phone. She didn't really mention an address, just said it was on the south side. Long story short, we walk into the wrong bar. So, as a heads up, this is NOT "Club Casino" on S Congress. Just ya know, if you google it... that's what comes up. They are very, very, VERY DIFFERENT bars.Moving on. After we call our homegirl and get the address to the correct Casino... it's a pretty good bar. The drinks are quite cheap, the bartenders are on point, and it's definitely a good place to party. They have everything you could want from a bar, with games, jukebox, etc etc. Yeah, they could probably use some food, because with those drink prices you are going to be intoxicated very quickly and there isn't a whole lot around. This place definitely has a bright future ahead of it though in the 78704 'hood.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/8/2013,105,206,7,10,8>I am absolutely in love with this place. The flavors are phenomenal, and the banh mi sandwiches are stuffed to the brim with goodness.  I'm a fan of the FOT Original for the Chicken Liver Pate, but the Bruce Lee is my favorite thus far. I never thought I'd eat a sandwich containing char-sieu, BBQ sausage, fried egg, and caramelized onions. What the what. It'll knock you out. (Get it?)The staff are some of the friendliest I've met in Austin. The first time I came, they were out of Ni-Howdy Fries, so I ended up going a full 10" sandwich. However, since I didn't get to order the fries, they gave me Phoenix Eggrolls for free when my order came out! A pleasant surprise from thoughtful folks. (The eggrolls and Ni-Howdy fries are both great, by the way.)The food can be messy, so just keep that in mind if you're taking the food to-go. As far as ordering, I'd suggest going for the 5" sandwich + fries or the 10". Either way, it's great value and should only run about ~$7. Be sure to check their website to see if they're open!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,6/7/2013,436,460,9,14,15>I'm having Yelper's remorse. I wish I could have gone back and given J.Mueller a 5 star review. At the same time, you can't compare it to what it is now. I feel like LA BBQ has, yes, taken some things from John but have honed in on their own robust and unique flavors.... on certain items. I tried the brisket and it was 'standard good' not ' stand out good'. The pork ribs were a hit with my brother, but I felt they were borderline dry-ish for me. The rub on the pork ribs was adequate and not too overbearing. Cameron told us he felt they got the pork ribs right this time around and that he's working on a mustard-infused sauce to complement them. I am looking forward to it.Onward to the turkey! I can appreciate smoked turkey at BBQ joints because I'm a chick. But honestly, I have yet to find a BBQ place that has great smoked turkey that isn't dry. And upward!!!! The sausage or "hot guts" as stated in the "menu" was the most interesting and unique item on the butcher paper according to my BBQ snob companions.  Ok. Sausage over the years has come to gross me out but that's not going to keep me from trying it! It was very flavorful and almost chorizo-like. It was juicy, and fatty and had a slight spicy kick to it.  Last but not least are the beef ribs. Yes, it's written on the butcher paper as $8 a 1/2 lb., but eventually you will be forced into buying a full pound. The beef ribs were heavenly. To me they seemed much more massive than the last time I came to Mueller's. The bark and pepper crust were phenomenal (see pics). Ladies and gentlemen we have a winner! Thanks for the Lone Star. :)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/6/2013,246,155,8,14,11>Humans are inherently selfish creatures. We play nice mostly because society tells us we should. Let's be real though- if there was something like a zombie apocalypse, you'd save yourself first before maybe trying to save me. Well, I'd like to think of myself as a notch above the rest. While not quiiiite comparable to escaping flesh eating zombies, I've decided to be a bigger person and post this review. I'm not a huge poultry fan (red meat is definitely more of my thing), and I just had the juiciest, most tender chicken I've ever tasted. With the exception of bacon, Hubs isn't a huge pork fan (he prefers his red meat as well), and now he can't stop raving about the carnitas. The lentils were super flavorful, the red sauce is delicious, and the coconut rice is making me salivate just thinking about it. Besides pausing occasionally to ask for more of his rice, Hubs and I had lunch in silence. After the food was depleted, we had a brief conversation that kind of went like this:-Crap, I need to get back to work.-Ok...but can we get more of the carnitas though?-Yeah, you mean like for dinner tonight?-No, I mean for second lunch. That's all I want to eat now.This place is pretty brand spankin' new and currently LINE-FREE. I don't expect it to be line-free for too long though, and if you've read my Franklin review, you'll already know that I hate lines. And here I am- being all selfless and shit- and sharing all of this Oyama goodness with you. Oh and by the way, don't pay any attention to the map. It lies. The food truck is located on the northbound corner of I-35 and 30th in the same parking lot as Velvet Ends Salon. You're welcome.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,6/5/2013,168,161,,12,7>I eat here 2-3 times a week, since I work within spitting distance. Excellent pricing on good food. I get Paleo-friendly options:1. Eggs with chicharron, nopalitos (my favorite), or tomatoes (no chips, no rice, no beans, extra side of avocado). $3.50.2. Beef fajitas (no green peppers, double onions, no chips, no rice, beans, or tortillas, extra side of avocado). $8.50.Still very pleased with this place.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,6/4/2013,46,118,8,7,6>After working out in the area one weekend, I was feeling ravenous. Ravenous I tell you! So, after *boop, beep, boop, bee* (what, your Yelp app doesn't sound like that? Weird...), I found Conscious Cravings. And then I kept coming back. All for one thing.THE PAN SEARED TOFU WRAP.And what?! It's vegetarian, vegan, organic-ish, healthy and made with unicorn blood? (One of those descriptions might be a myth.) If you think tofu is bland and gross, this wrap could quite possibly change your life because it is absolutely deliciously seasoned. If you're a tofu lover like me, I hope this blows your tastebuds like it did mine. The second best thing about this wrap is that it's mixed with the special sauce spicy mayo. This is the best combination inside of a wrap.So, if you ever see a girl driving away from Conscious Cravings stuffing her face, don't worry. It's not me...
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,6/3/2013,209,219,7,12,9>This place is what every tourist, especially Northern tourists think about Texas, politics aside: friendly, loud, drunk, and darn tootin' proud of being Texan.  Broken Spoke is crazy charming.  Deliberate lack of upkeep makes the dingy bar and even dingier museum that much more charming and "authentic" feeling.  The music here is always fun, especially if you manage to catch Dale Watson (what a charmer!).  And most nights they have 2-step lessons, so you can learn how to slide across the dance floor to said music.  The dancing here is really fun!  Even if you have no rhythm and two left feet, you are totally welcome to trip yourself around the dance floor anyway.  Tired of struggling to stay upright?  Watching the other dancers here is just as much fun.  It's great to see all the different steps and styles and fashions that couples here where.  And it's darn impressive to see how the ladies here are able to follow the styles of their different dance partners so effortlessly!  The one downside is the price.  This place is pretty expensive if you throw down for a dance lesson and a night of dancing ($30ish per person).  And despite the old-timey look, they're definitely not charging old-timey prices for their beer.  Cash is still king here. If you use a CC, close out with each purchase.  I've had weirdness in the past with my tab.  Still, this place is a definite must for visitors that are wondering where all the cowboys went and why the hell everyone here has a beard and super-tight pants.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/2/2013,140,134,5,8,9>If you're having out of town visitors, but you don't want them to move to Austin, then don't take them to Wheatsville Coop. They will immediately drop whatever life they have in their hometown and move here.I went to Wheatsville Coop before I moved to Austin. We had nothing like this in my hometown and I was walking around in slack jaw amazement at all the organic fruits, vegetables and products. I knew I couldn't go back to my hometown after this.Now that I live in Austin, I get to stop by Wheatsville whenever I want. I love that they're open until 11 p.m. because for some reason I never want to go grocery shopping until 10:30 at night. I love the deli options. I could eat troughs full of the spinach and feta dip. The sesame greens, curry chicken salad and kale salad are all delicious and healthy options.Some of the items are more expensive than at other stores but it's not a huge difference.  I've found some of the groceries to be cheaper. I buy these stupid soy free, organic, pasture eggs for $7.99/dozen at Central Market and at Wheatsville they're only $5.99/dozen. They also have free small bags of pebble ice, which is my favorite food so I'll continue to shop here based on that alone.Wheatsville Coop was on the "pro" side of my pros and cons of moving to Austin list. If you're tired of shopping in a big warehouse sized store and long for a friendly, neighborhood grocery vibe then check it out.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/1/2013,474,618,6,9,7>Not that Barley Swine needs anymore 5 star love, but I thought I would throw my 2 cents in. For a while I had been reluctant to try Barley Swine because when I looked at the menu online, none of the dishes looked super appetizing to me. Thankfully, I got over that and learned to just go and order anything. Seriously, order ANYTHING and you'll be happy. Barley Swine has defined what a gastropub should be. Culinary magic happens here and the wine/beer list is spectacular!For those who have never been to Barley Swine, go there knowing that there will be a long wait (the smaller the group, the better). Fortunately, there a lots of options to entertain yourself while waiting. Some people sit outside and have one of the many craft beers featured on the menu or you can belly up to the bar at the Horseshoe Lounge; but our plan is always to walk over to Henri's, order wine and munch on some cheese. Once your table is ready, Barley Swine will send you a text message. Our preference is to sit at the bar, but the eavesdropping at the community tables can be quite entertaining ;) Where ever you are, just sit back and take in the experience. They usually suggest 2-3 plates per person in your group as everything is shareable. When my husband and I go we usually end up with 3 savory plates and one dessert, which leaves us feeling stuffed!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,5/31/2013,82,178,6,10,10>In other cities, this would be a four-star review. In Austin, however, this restaurant stands head and shoulders above other seafood restaurants. Always order the Shigoku oysters. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/30/2013,132,35,9,18,13>Delicious food going by unnoticed, right under our noses. An Indian man named Immie had a vision; A vision to bring the Bombay version of Chinese cuisine to America. He has sold this same menu the world over. At one point, while in Singapore, his food created lines snaking out of the building and lining down the street, much like the demand for Franklin BBQ here in Austin. Immie doubles as a chef at The Grand, which is why Chicken Lollypop doesn't open until 3pm.The food is amazing, and well-deserving of 5 stars in and of itself. The namesake "Chicken Lollypops" are beyond good, you probably shouldn't plan on sharing them. The little foil-wrapped inside-out deep-fried drumsticks are pure chicken genius (see photo). They are seasoned similarly to the flavor of Italian sausage, which was new to me, but delightfully different. The herb sauteed Spinach had an appealing texture and was quite savory. I've also tried the Chili Chicken Fried Rice (extra extra spicy), which was utterly delectable to the point that I painfully over-ate. I'm a glutton for nourishment.  I've also tried the Veggie Fried Rice and didn't like it as much as the Chili Chicken, mostly because it seemed a bit heavy on the bean sprouts. The only reason that I deduct 1 star is because there is no true dine-in option, Chicken Lollypop is located inside of the East Braker Lane Food Mart, for now; Don't allow that to deter you, it is very clean and well set up. There are no signs or advertisements proclaiming the existence of Chicken Lollypop, only this lone Yelp review. CALL AHEAD FOR PICK-UP! The food is sooo fresh that Immie doesn't even cut up the vegetables until you place your order. I can't wait to try everything on the menu.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/29/2013,941,369,29,26,22>So I'm reviewing a gas station. So what.If you flatter me profusely every time I come in to buy wine, and don't judge me when that happens to occur twice in one day, and your gas also happens to be the cheapest in the area, you deserve mad props. I hate convenience stores / gas stations and everything about them as a general rule. I see them and think: pee. This place is going to smell of pee. And that prognostication almost always proves true. It's a talent, I know. I can also predict which queues will take the longest at the grocery store and the exact moment at which a show will come back on after a commercial break. It's cray. This place is new, clean and exactly the convenience you're looking for when you don't have time to run to the super market. It also does not smell of pee. Seriously, the two clerks there right now are awesome, they've always got a joke and a compliment for me and serve as an odd reminder that random niceties can really brighten someone's day. How weird is it to say that "when I leave this gas station, I'm usually smiling". It sounds creepy, I know. But the truth is that these gentlemen give great customer service and because of that, I choose this stop specifically over the others in the area expressly because I know I'll be treated well at the counter. That and the fact that their wine selection is phenomenal all things considered, their bathrooms are clean and they've got a kitchen. Glad they opened up and hope to see them doing great business for a long time.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/28/2013,325,414,11,9,12>It's amazing I left this place and didn't try any pork products. You think with the name and all, I would have.But, no. But I did try the brussels sprouts leaves. And the truffle fries, with something gooey to dip them in.  And the spinach-artichoke fondue and the bread that comes with it. And the fried chicken and amazing biscuit and the honey that they sat in. And I tried the Wallaw (okay, two of them), the Curly Tail and the Mr. something-or-other. And the pop corn pot de creme.  But no pork products. How is that possible?But I don't regret that at all.  I have to tell you. It was all fantastic. The server told me that the Wallow was great and she gave a great description of it--like a beer with texture. (I've never tried one of those beer-in-margarita things). She said it was a little boozy. Eh, whatever, I'll have one. ... okay, two. I can't even decide what my favorite bite was. They were all great. Wonderful. I was the only one to get a dessert. And rude me didn't even offer bites to others! But the popcorn stuff was great. You know, the perfect salty and sweet together. You know you love it.And, to top it off, the service was great. Met several different people / workers and they were all incredibly friendly. And helpful. And played along when we shared our bad first-date stories. I would sooo go back. In fact, I could go right this second. That's it. I'm going.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/27/2013,309,299,5,9,6>So, I went out to Moontower for what I was told would be a full moon party. I was expecting a repeat of my last experience at Moontower. Fortunately for me they had 2 new food trucks and the Mexican taco food truck was gone!Pretty Thai for a White Guy is probably one of the nicest looking food trucks I have ever seen. The interior looks like a fully stocked restaurant kitchen. The exterior is beautifully decorated. The menu is on a nice chalk board out front that they seem to keep updated regularly.The menu here was incredible.. I started by trying the Thai Beef Nachos... they blew my mind! I cant say enough good things about these Nachos. In fact when I went back to get a second order of Nachos and they were out of beef and they modified the menu and served pulled Thai Pulled Pork Nachos.. which were still just as good! I believe they also offered a chicken option.They had Cheese Grits and Thai Cornbread on the Menu.. you know I had to try it and it was awesome. They put fried chicken skin in the corn bread and when I went back to order more Nachos for my girlfriend they gave me some of the fried chicken skins to snack on! You cant beat fried chicken skins!There are more items on the menu and I cant wait to go back and try them! Its nice to see a food truck/ trailer down south that has this much style.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,5/26/2013,134,276,,10,6>This location has turned over a new leaf again, replacing Pflavortown Restaurant with a Mexican venue. Place looks the same in and out, with a tad of Spanish flare. We were greeted at the door and seated promptly. Simple little menu with a nice selection to choose from. Chips were warm, nice touch. Also came with 3 separate sauces to dabble in. All three were good, one had a nice little kick to it. Queso was large for the price. Good flavor that you can actually see, also with a "bit" of a spice. Wife went with the beef enchiladas (3) and rice. Corn tortillas were thick and flavorful. Meat had a nice seasoning. Had corn, peas, and a few other veggys as well. Gave it a different flavor than the norm. Me?..Went for the beef Chile Relleno. A first time for me with a Poblano pepper instead of the Anaheim pepper, and I have to say I'm a huge fan of that. Now for the rice..Hands down the Best Mexican "red" rice we have ever had. Fresh tomato flavor and really moist compared to piles of rice we have eaten. On that note, another great score for Pflugerville...and for us too.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,5/25/2013,235,240,13,12,9>iFLY was so much fun! I went on a group outing with my coworkers yesterday and we had the best time! You get a fun little "flight suit" that's pretty much just a onesie with handles on the side. You get brief instruction and then you get to jump into this wind tunnel with an instructor and fly around. I'm sure it's not as fun as real skydiving, but it's certainly not as horrifying as well. So, you have that going for you.ALSO, it's like all guys that work here. And just about every single one of them were easy on the eyes. Spending a couple hours with hot guys and having fun? Yes please :)Totally worth a try.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/24/2013,398,533,5,11,11>The coolest ice cream truck in town can be found in the new Rancho Rio trailer park on West Campus... which appears to be a safe haven for the refugees of the evicted SOCO trailers.So their "stackers" are essentially sundaes with a bit more layering, hence the name. I tried the Gimme Smore Stacker and it was excellent - I got it with the Indonesian Vanilla and loved the combo of chocolate, graham cracker crumbles, and freshly toasted marshmallows.Service here is top notch - they never make you feel rushed (even if you are the last customer of the day), you're pretty free to customize, they take credit cards, and the owner was friendly enough to come out and chat us up.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,5/23/2013,41,141,8,8,8>This is the place where I return to that deeply hidden hole in my life where I sit at a bar and .....just sit. Not looking at my phone, not talking to anyone. This isn't a place to meet people, its a place to be. And thank goodness.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/22/2013,160,162,8,9,6>Anytime I order Vietnamese food at restaurants that are not owned and operated by Vietnamese people I get suspicious.Vietnamese food isn't something anybody can wake up and just know how to cook. It's a complex cuisine that takes months if not years to master. So when I order Vietnamese food from cooks that didn't learn how to cook Vietnamese food from I don't know... Vietnam, I get a little wary.Let's just say Elizabeth Street Cafe has pleasantly defied my initial expectations. Is this the best Vietnamese food in Austin? No. No it's not. However, does Elizabeth Street Cafe offer a wonderful product notwithstanding? Definitely. First, their pork belly bun? Out of this world. A decadent treat that I can eat time and time again. Second, EVERYONE WHO WORKS HERE IS REALLY ATTRACTIVE AND REALLY IN SHAPE SO OBVIOUSLY THEY MUST BE NEW HIRES OR DON'T EAT THEIR WORK PRODUCT OFTEN.And how they treated one of my law school friends for her birthday? Like a queen. Definitely will hit this place up again and again. Found my new favorite Asian spot in the 78704.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,5/21/2013,144,127,14,11,10>Mmmmmmmmm! I love the sizzling sound my tongue makes when all of my tiny taste buds have been burnt off.  No Worries! I can still taste! Mr. Chen makes, hands down, the best hand made noodles in town! The waitress was so adorable! I loved the atmosphere, it's a tiny tiny restaurant that's probably the size of my bedroom, the aluminum foiled walls and out-dated Chinese calendars made me feel like I was at my parent's house.  We started off with the lamb skewers, I can only describe it as "...if China and alllll the Mid-Eastern countries were to go to war," the clashing of flavors never felt so right! THEONIONPANCAKEMUSTBETASTED! I don't care if you're allergic, whatever, MAN UP and try it.  My gawd, it was like a flakey-crunchy-spring-oniony taste/texture, and was the BEST green onion pie I've ever had.  Coco's Cafe, if you would kindly step down from your throne... Da SOUP--okay, so I thought I've had the best spicy beef noodle soup, boy was I wrong.  Mr. Chen's broth--it tasted like they rolled the cow in crack before they cooked it, it was addicting.  Even though my tongue was burning and crying for mercy, I couldn't stop gulping down the seething soup! The BF got the lamb noodle soup...let's say it was like the lamb skewers but in liquid-y goodness form! SO MUCH FLAVOR!--Surgeon General's Warning: you could die of an overload of flavorism.  Happy eating!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/20/2013,10,52,7,17,7>I took a date to The Bonneville on Friday night, and came away moderately impressed.  I fully acknowledge the restaurant hasn't been open a full month as of this review, so clearly management is still working of a few issues.  Here's my take:Cocktails:  I'm a big fan of bourbon-based cocktails, and The Bonneville has some tasty offerings.  I don't remember the name for my drink (it's not on the online menu), but it was tasty and well crafted.  My date had an Elanour, which was also very delicious.  4/5 on the drinks instead of a 5, though, as there could be a little more to choose from.Food:  I ordered the scallops with crispy scallion rice cake.  It was pretty good; the scallops were seared appropriately, but could have used a little more flavor in my opinion.  The crispy scallion rice cake made for a good base.  My date ordered the seasonal vegetable pave, which was very good as well.  The pave surprisingly contained nutmeg and some other sweeter spice we couldn't identify, but the balance was right and the seasoning worked well with the vegetables chosen.  The "problem" with the food is that nothing really stood out or "popped" on the menu.  The server didn't mention any off-menu specials, and we were left just looking at a list of entrees and appetizers that looked pretty good, but not great.  3/5 on the food.Service:  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable, and pretty much unremarkable--which is just fine with me.  At one point, the manager on duty came to speak with me about a service issue he perceived that needed correcting (it was fine really, I didn't even see the issue, and it's not worth mentioning here).  The manager was excellent about  and very attuned to what was happening inside his restaurant and intent on making sure we were satisfied.  I must admit that frankly I was impressed to his level of attention and care.  5/5 on the service.Atmosphere:  Unfortunately, this is where I think The Bonneville needs some work.  Since it is inside one of those downtown office buildings near City Hall (inside the Silicon Labs building), The Bonneville suffers from poor architectural design for a restaurant.  Concrete floors and high ceilings make the restaurant very loud, even though it was only about halfway full on a Friday night.  I had trouble hearing my companion, and I can only imagine if the place were busier.  Overall, the whole décor had a sterile feel.  I realize this is partially intentional (I'm thinking the theme is the Bonneville Salt Flats, what with the tumbleweed wall décor).  I wish it were just a little warmer, especially since I was there on a date.  3/5 on the atmosphere.Overall:  I know everyone has their own idea of value.  Given the quality of the food and the drinks, I thought The Bonneville was very reasonable for its target demographic.  However, I think that The Bonneville needs some way to distinguish itself.  My date and I had a nice dinner, but we left somehow missing that feeling that comes from having a great meal and a great experience.  This is hard to put into words, but The Bonneville needs something--maybe a signature dish or special focus on an ingredient.  Improving the atmosphere would also help.I might be back.  Nothing is really stopping me.  But nothing is really drawing me, either.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,5/19/2013,96,421,11,9,7>Macaroons... the devil's treat. Perfected by the La Patisserie.This place struck fear in my heart.  See my girlfriend LOVES to bake, and she went through a dark period 4 years ago where she was hellbent on perfecting the macaroon.  If this doesn't sound like a nightmare then you do not understand the difficulty of making macaroons.  Luckily, La Patisserie makes amazing macaroons so we did not need to turn our kitchen into a battle zone between woman and oven, now I can just buy them by the box. Long story short go here for the macaroons, and pick up one of the little caramels as well.  I tried the gingerbread caramel and it was awesome.Also, please do not complain about the price, as macaroons require quality ingredients and lots of work to ensure that they come out correctly.  If you think the price is unfair just try making them yourself.I look forward to coming back to try more items.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/18/2013,149,145,3,11,10>After reading Brian's review I knew I better get to this place quick and try it out. After looking over the menu I decided to go with the brisket with a side of cream corn and corn bread stuffing. (I know, I know.... see this is the reason I have to go to the gym so often.) The cream corn was tasty as was the corn bread stuffing. The meat had a nice smokey flavor but was not overly smoked. The brisket was not only moist but also lean. I had several thick cuts that I dunked in to the BBQ sauce. Which brings me to a point I need to make. I love sweet sauce so what they served was exactly what I was looking for. Fear not they serve it on the side so it's up to you if you use it or not.The seating a this location is wooden picnic bench seating. The ground is covered in some sort of a mulch and is under a little tree for shade.I really liked the people who are running this place they are very friendly. They went out of their way to make sure I was happy.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,5/16/2013,60,38,6,10,9>So a few changes have been made to NoRTH since I last reviewed - some good, some bad. The good cancels out the bad, thus still a 4-star rating. The good:The pasta is now deeeelish! This is probably due to the fact that pasta is cooked fresh every morning now. I tried bites of the rigatoni (grilled chicken and mushrooms topped with a creamy sauce), radiatore (spicy Italian sausage, tomato-y sauce), and the chicken parmesan. My favorite was the rigatoni because I love cream-based sauces for pastas (yeah, I know, not as healthy as the tomato sauces) and I can tolerate mushrooms (I'm not the biggest fan of them, but I'm definitely fine with a dish that has a lot of mushrooms in it). The radiatore was also quite tasty (although they weren't kidding about the Italian sausage being spicy). All in all, the pasta has definitely improved a ton, and I'd come back for this new and improved pasta all day, everyday. (Well, not ALL day everyday. I still want to fit into my current clothes.)Now for the bad:I'm sad to report that the pizza is no longer my favorite. Along with their new updated menu, they decided to update their pizza into slightly smaller (way bigger than a personal pizza, though, so don't let them fool you into buying one pizza per person) and thicker crusts. Not sure what sillington gave the feedback that they needed to change up their pizza, but I wasn't a fan. I had the sausage pizza, which had roasted peppers and broccolini (aka baby broccoli - so adorable), and olives. Tasty, but I wish it were on the old, thin-crusted pizzas like before. I'll sum (no pun intended) up my experience in a math equation: pizza is less than pasta. (Yelp doesn't allow the less than or greater than symbols for some reason...)Sidenote: farmers' market salad still so tasty! Also, I tried the crisp calamari appetizer - now folks, this is not your average fried calamari app. The calamari come in a bed of arugula and grilled lemons, making it one of the lightest, more refreshing calamari apps I've ever had!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/15/2013,392,291,19,7,7>In the 80s, my brother owned this cassette from a band called Cinderella. They had this one song called 'You don't know what you got (til it's gone),' and that's exactly how I feel when I think about this place. No, the restaurant isn't gone, but the reason I went here in the first place is. And it's a day like this, a long Sunday, going through my things to make a drop-off at Goodwill, interspersed with looking at profiles on OKCupid of girls I never want to meet and ones who never want to meet me, mesmerized at how I can be one of the most interesting, yet boring persons I know, when I just want to attempt to cuddle my cat lying in the middle of my bedroom floor and sing 'You don't know what you go, til it's gone.' As usual, my cat dislikes being bothered. Today has not been an easy day.Nevertheless, the food here is great. I'd recommend getting a dessert though if you plan on leaving full.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,5/14/2013,989,456,16,14,10>I came across an article recently  (I want to say it was in "The New Yorker", but honestly, it was from "Cracked" online) entitled "5 Bizarre Factors That Secretly Influence Your Opinions". In it, the author explains how your name can influence your life choices by stating: "The theory is that this [we gravitate towards jobs and objects that start with the same letter as our first name] is all because our brains are selfish dicks that think the bits of the alphabet that start up our names are somehow better letters. Some psychologists believe it's linked to a phenomenon called implicit egotism: We respond more favorably to anything that reminds us of ourselves. No matter how illogical and arbitrary."Two things: 1.) No one has ever accused me of "implicit egotism"; mine is more a case of "explicit and totally obvious egotism"; and 2.) This might explain why when selecting the next food cart I wished to try, I landed on Chilly Dogs ATX...because they serve Nathan's hot dogs. So, yes...I admit I respond more favorably to anything that reminds me of myself, including something as arbitrary as a hot dog brand. I'll give everyone a moment to put on their big "surprised" face.Located in the NATY, Chilly Dogs offers an unpretentious selection of all-American staples as hot dogs, hamburgers, and "true shaved ice using incredible flavors from Louisiana". The cart is manned by the incredibly friendly Dog Executive Officer (DEO) and The "Don" of Dogs, Tony. Hot dog combinations (all utilizing a 1/4 lb. Nathan's pure beef hot dog) range from the "Dirty" (with Chili and Cheese), to the "Frito Fido" (Frito pie on a chili dog). However, I bring a discerning palate even to the arena of hot dogs...and once I saw "'smoked gouda" listed as a "Delicious Addition", I decided to make my own. Tony agreed that if I wanted to top the dog with gouda, adding chopped onions and mustard would help in creating a more savory dog, and we can avoid a disastrous combination of say, gouda and ketchup. Plus, it all seemed a little more "gourmet", and I like that. The hot dog was out in no time, and Tony actually brought it to my table. It was delicious. He had filleted the beef dog and grilled it to order, so it came out hot and fresh. The gouda offered a creamy contrast to the onion and mustard, and the sweet bun brought it all together. While excellent, I had been torn between the hot dog and the double bacon cheeseburger. So, seeing as I was there and all, I marched back up to Tony and ordered the burger. Even though it seemed like a lot to eat, I figured it was all in the spirit of offering a more complete picture of the menu. At least that's what I tell myself.   And here's where Chilly Dogs offered an unexpected surprise: their double bacon cheeseburger was amazing. Yes, amazing. It was amazing in that it was fresh, juicy, homemade, and exactly what a basic, no-frills burger should taste like. Seriously, the crispy bacon alone had me hooked. In fact, the next time I get a craving for a good old-fashioned burger, I'd actually go to Chilly Dogs. Not to minimize my love for anything at Hopdoddy, the foie gras burger at Second Bar, or the JapaJam at Yumé Burger; but as far as a classic hamburger goes, Chilly Dogs served up a fantastic one. When it gets hotter, I'll try the shaved ice. It seems like the perfect, refreshing summertime treat. So, if you are in the mood to recapture the nostalgia of the barbecues of your youth--or you just want really good staples of American cuisine--give Chilly Dog's a try. And to back up to my rampant narcissism...I dare you not to think of me when you see the Nathan's hot dog sign. You know you will. I'm a fan. 4 Stars.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,5/13/2013,739,709,22,22,22>Really, I don't want to get annoying with this, but I love this place like a fat kid loves ca.....no, more.....like Errol loves Barley Swine.   And every time we go, there are new menu options to discover and now they offer more wine choices and SAKE!  (and sake bombs :)This last Tues nite trip (after a particularly sucky day at work), we were greeted warmly by our waitress and her sister who was training, and as the restaurant was slow that nite, they really kept us in warm company all thru the meal.  This time around, we reveled in the salmon tataki dish made with seared smoked salmon, pineapple and cruncy shallots, and also got to try the Moo Sab (pork skirt with a spicy chile dipping sauce).  For our dinners, hubby got and finished a half roasted chicken.  Even the chef came out to congratulate him on eating it all as it had been an especially big chicken delivered that morning.  Yes, I helped him eat it because it came with a sweet chile sauce that made my tastebuds sing and my toes curl.  I ordered the Saba Mi Krob which was a grilled mackerel covered in a tangy ginger sauce with peppers and sitting on top of crunchy egg noodles in an almost sweet soy sauce.  Somehow they managed to make that fish, usually a very oily and fishy fish, taste succulent and mild.I can never get over how creative these chefs are (and srsly, have you seen any food more photogenic??) and how each dish has so many layers of flavor for your mouth to interpret.  Kinda like a food version of Girl Talk, trying to decipher each song he samples.  The staff has always been so sweet to us, the chef always asking our opinion of his new dishes kind of makes us feel VIP.  And now they are experimenting with sake as well and this time had a house infused cucumber version that was so smooth and refreshing.It doesn't matter if we go once a week or not for two months, we are always so pleasantly surprised by the creativity of the meal and the welcome by the staff.  Halfway thru the meal, my day melted away and I was a happy girl again.  It's our new Cheers!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/12/2013,283,230,6,8,7>Saw this place on yelp and it's a stone's throw from my mamma's place so I stopped in.  I have to first mention I don't think people know this place serves food, and good food!  The bread they make the kolaches with is some secret recipe and is homemade, and it's so good it makes eating kolaches at 10pm at night seem like a usual activity.Also, had the ranger pizza with homemade crust, also excellent!B-Dub, the bartender, or in my case food deliverer and social coordinator, was super nice, laid back, and the right amount of chatty.  He's awesome!It was open mic night so there were lots of local talent jumping up for three song sets.  Delciously, fun way to spend an evening.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,5/11/2013,278,170,10,19,7>Gandhi moved into my neighborhood.  Now, I would have much preferred it was Mahatma Gandhi but unless we can bring back the dead, I'll settle for Gandhi Bazar*, an Indian grocery store that provides fresh and organic produce along with herbal and ayurvedic products. This shopping center is huge.  So huge that you can see it from both William Cannon (behind the Exxon gas station and next to Cafe Malta) and from Brodie Lane (across from the corner Walgreens and Bannockburn Baptist Church). I'm pretty loyal to Man Pasand, another Indian grocery store in the same vicinity. But, hey, I'm all about competition.  My mother, who also enjoys cooking Indian food, buys all her spices and rice from Man Pasand in Austin because the equivalent Indian grocer in Lubbock, TX has a monopoly on foodstuff and charges an arm and a leg. So, I truly feel blessed that I can now shop at multiple different Indian grocers within a 10 mile radius from where I live.  It used to be that all the best Indian grocers and restaurants were up North.  Now, we seem to have good options down South too.So, let's get to the nitty gritty top points:  1] Wide and well-lit aisles 2] everything is super organized, and 3] they have an amazing selection of fresh fruits, legumes and vegetables.  Are you a fan of Indian beauty products?  They have an entire section of herbal soaps and toothpastes (Colgate Herbal Indian shtyle), oils for your hair (coconut oil does wonders on hair) and Ayurvedic concoctions and creams. The only beef I have with this is the placement for these is too close to the fresh produce.  Maybe you are a fan of rice?  They have an entire aisle with a wide variety of rice; almost every brand I grew up with in the Middle East was available here.  Seriously, if you like to eat rice, and are somewhat of a snob when it comes to cooking the perfect basmati, this place doesn't disappoint in selection. My personal all-time favorite is the Zebra brand basmati rice. It always comes out fluffy, no matter how bad you are at cooking rice, and trust me, I'm pretty bad at cooking rice.Also, if you don't like cooking Indian at all, you can come in here and pick up several different frozen foods and/or ready-made fresh curry pastes that the owner prepares and sells.  After I told him of my love of cooking Indian food, he dragged me to the refrigerated section and showed me the sauces he makes and then explained how I can use them.  I didn't buy any of his sauces just then but I have a hankering to go back and try his garlic chutney and his egg curry sauce. If you guys beat me to it, I'd love to hear your feedback! I drove by this place after filling gas at the close by Exxon and then noticed Gandhi Bazar, and saw that we had another Indian market in town. I had my dog with me and given the weather has still been warm to leave him in the truck, I decided to return at a later point. As serendipity goes, I returned the next day and it turned out to be their opening day! This will definitely be a place I stop by often, in conjunction with my almost daily trips to my beloved Man Pasand.  If you like to cook and you enjoy trying different things, this is another place to add to your repertoire.  For those of you up North reading this, don't bother driving down here, you have 2 locations of the same store: one on 620 and another on Parmer Lane.  I'm just happy to finally welcome Gandhi Bazar to South Austin, too!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,5/10/2013,154,152,3,16,8>Wyldwood is a best kep secret that is slowly not becoming a secret anymore. I can understand why, an intimate venue to see your favorite artist up close and acoustic, free hot dogs, byob, what more could you want? The Wyldwood is a couple's home they open up to host various local musicians, you have to get a reservation since seating is limited so think about that before you go. You pay ten, fifteen bucks or whatever you can pay to get in and fine a seat in the grassy yard. They have free hot dogs for the kiddies but I recommend bringing a picnic basket a maybe a bottle of wine or whatever it is you may drink. Because of the limited people, shows at the Wyldwood are up close an personal and feel like, well, you are just hanging out with a musician in a back yard... which you are! If you have not experienced this place yet I highly recommend it, bring a picnic basket and plop down for an amazing show!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,5/9/2013,117,181,7,11,9>This place is just flat out awesome. It's no wonder the owner has started to add locations. I have been to VERTS multiple times now and everything tastes so fresh and yummy.You'll know how to order if you have ever been to a chipotle before. This place is another one of those fast casual concepts. You choose the foundation (kebap, tortilla, bowl) and then choose your meat and then your veggies/sauce.I ordered the chicken and added fresh lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and house sauce. It was outstanding. You don't have to settle for just the sauce you ordered either. They have the sauce packaged in little mini containers so that you can try some of the others. So naturally I took a leap of faith and tried the hot sauce and the spicy red sauce. It's pretty cool. Almost like a buttermilk ranch consistency (watery). The flavor was really awesome though. I think the combination of the sauce and the cucumbers was just stellar. Really tasted fresh, which is most important to me.Give this place a try. There are other locations if you aren't near the drag. The seating is very tight at this location, but it's worth it.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,5/8/2013,323,2235,6,16,12>If you are on the Eastside, a little deeper down 11th than Franklin, when it turns into Rosewood, what you smell is likely not the cancer-curing brisket product of the turquoise eatery, but rather the products cooking low and slow, Micklethwait Craft Meats. The smoker affords those individuals in proximity to its trailer a hefty aroma of dead animal, excellently smoked.The hours, though limited, offer the lunch rush or grab-and-go-dinner folks a great choice for meat. Be warned; you will only be able to source the brisket here in the evening hours.Micklethwait Craft Meats takes the high road, a more unique approach to trailer 'cue, what with housemade (likely made in an actual house) sausages and different cuts of meat than is the norm--see lamb and pork belly. I appreciate the care taken in preparing the meat here, and the quality really does show. As you can see in the pictures, the man behind MCM cranks out the encased meat products by hand.Meats run $13 a pound, and you really are receiving a steal at this price, for artisan meats, no less. My links of Andouille and Duck/Fig have found their way into the top of my favorite meats in Austin; the former because of its large cubes of pure fat, the latter's character boasting sweetness (almost a holiday spicing) and savory notes. I don't know how they can afford to sell their grub so cheap, but no complaints here.With the personalized labels and the like, I actually assumed this new kid on the block was located in a small house deli, so I drove right past it. Be sure to make your way to this mobile deli; you will find all sorts of goodies--vegetarians need not come.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,5/7/2013,90,138,6,6,8>Tiny lil place, 6 tables. Everything was outstanding. Green salsa - hot and flavorful. Carni Quisada was the best I've had, accompanied by a perfect cactus salad and black beans. Topped off with the best, creamy tres leche this side of the border. Really, I couldn't ask for better. Paid for by my daughters well mannered BF, to a dad that definitely means a lot! Ole!Really, this should be at the top of your must try list. * no booze license is the only negative.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/6/2013,235,378,5,12,13>This is the newest spot to open up in my neighborhood-it was formerly Coffee-a-Deli and Me & U Bistro. They are still pretty new and working out some minor kinks, but I've had the opportunity to try several menu items. Everything I have tried has been fantastic. I've tried lamb gyro, chicken plate, hummus, tzatziki, Greek beignets, dolmas, etc...The chicken in particular was perfectly seasoned and juicy. They have a wonderful patio with live music. Welcome to the neighborhood, Santorini's!!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,5/5/2013,239,180,7,9,7>Francesca is the one who rubs you the right way.  Always.  End of story.  I have been to oh so many a masseuse, but this is THE. ONE.  There's a reason this lady is 5 stars across the board, unanimously.  Hooray, your search is over!  Now, go book an appointment this instant!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/4/2013,49,79,6,9,9>Welcome to the n'hood, Pinthouse! There's always room for one more microbrewery on the North side!  This could be my latest "go to" place.  Cozy kinda place with a few flat screens, a pinball machine and Donkey Kong in the corner.  Communal picnic bench style seating so ladies, if you're wearing a skirt/dress, don't go "Brittney style". The pizza/beer order counters are separate so pick your priority.  Pizzas are offered in three sizes.  I went with a personal size Milano.....olive oil instead of sauce (delish!!), cheese, artichokes, kalamata olives, proscuitto, fresh oregano....and hardly took a breath until the last crumb was gone.  The crust was perfectly crisp and the olive oil was a delicious twist to the usual stoggy red sauce.  The beer side has it's own bar seating or take it back to your communal table.  They have five beers as standard selections plus 40+ others that rotate every few months, all listed prominently behind the bar in large enough letters that you can still read after downing one, two even three.  You can order a sampler of the five standard beers for $8.  I will definitely visit again and partake in the pint side next time (the only reason for only 4 stars) as I was starting to salivate but there was no more room at the inn after inhaling that pizza.  Only down side is parking is pretty tight.  I hear the owners are five local guys so hurry on over and show 'em some love.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/3/2013,14,70,12,9,7>Yelp, can I make a confession? I figure I can, we're all friend here after all.I fucking love this place. Like way too much. The beers offered are some of my favorites in the entire world. And I love beer. A whole bunch. In fact, the better word is obsess. I obsess over good beer. IPAs, Stouts, Ales, Lagers. I LOVE THEM ALL. But you know what I love just as much as beers?You guessed it. It's sandwiches. I may actually like sandwiches more but please don't tell beer that. I don't want to have any problems with my other love. Anyways, the sandwiches at Easy Tiger are titties. And I use the word titties positively because hey, who doesn't love titties? This place is a diamond in the proverbial rough. Want to avoid The Ranch and crappyness of West 6th but also hate everything about Dirty 6th? This is your haven. A place where you can be you and enjoy some really good company which sometimes includes dogs. Yep, this place is dog friendly. I don't play ping pong but they have that too! Seriously! Go here! Or don't! Maybe don't. I don't want it getting too crowded. Okay, fine. SOME of you can go here. But not everyone. Please? Thanks!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/2/2013,258,244,6,12,12>A breath of fresh air! I had just left another music store which had been piping through their speakers a 20 minute song with just three notes drawn out, each minute more excruciating than the last. Here, they play music. It was a variety of distinctive songs. Yea!They have actually organized their records in a way that is browser-friendly and not like looking through someone's personal record collection. The categories are straight-forward, and so I didn't find myself flipping through one section for a record that wound up being in an another section. I didn't understand if the used records got their own section or not; it seemed as though they were mixed in, which is a good idea to me. The best experience when browsing through records is to find ones that make you go, "Oh, hey, that would be a good one." Their tabs are helpful, listed with artists' names old and new, so I found many I wanted but I will need to go back again when I have more money to spend.  The prices are reasonable, and the new records are a few dollars less than other stores.While they don't have a large number of records, they have noteworthy ones, new and used. I didn't find all the records I set out to find, but I bet they will carry them off and on. Anyone can find something. I want to go back every week!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/1/2013,253,502,8,11,12>The Man and I have serious pizza love. We make our own at home, and we're in the process of becoming pizza geeks. When we travel, we seek out pizza in the cities we're visiting. We've eaten some of the best known and loved Neapolitan style pizza in the country. To sum it up, we're obsessed.That little intro is to let you know that we take our pizza seriously, and Pieous lives up to my admittedly lofty expectations.The shop is cute and very family friendly. If you have kids, this seems like it would be an ideal place for a meal. There's built in entertainment with the chalkboard walls and plenty of colored chalk. There's a patio too and I saw someone with their pooch so I'm guessing it's pet friendly outside as well. We got to talking with the owners and had a great time geeking out on our love for pizza. They offered us a sample of their house smoked pastrami which was insanely good. Our next visit will probably be focused on that.But this visit was focused on the pizza. Starting with a sourdough crust that has just the right bite to it, we chose one pie with house smoked Italian sausage and spicy onions and one with bacon marmalade, gorgonzola cheese and arugula. Both were outstanding. Absolute perfection all the way around.The house made italian sausage gave me a punch of fennel seed in my first bite. That's the best part of Italian sausage for me, so they kind of had me at hello. The bacon marmalade on the second pizza was insane. It was a little sweet, a little salty and went with the funky gorgonzola so perfectly. I forced myself to save a slice of it to have the next morning with a fresh egg and I'm so glad I did.Josh (the owner and master pizza maker) was sweet enough to give us a brownie cookie on the house. It's a damned good thing Pieous isn't on my normal route or I'd be eating these daily. And when a cookie is as big as the pizza you just finished, you're probably going to have to be cut out of your house if you eat them every day. To sum it up, get your butt to Pieous for the best Neapolitan style pizza in the state, if not the country.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,4/30/2013,132,354,4,7,5>This place has good food, great beer selection, and fantastic service.  But don't go here, because I want to keep coming back to an empty chair at the bar when CBS decides to be a jerk and televise the Cowboys (WHAT) instead of the Texans game.I had been here before in the back room with giant projectors and black leather bachelor style couches and it was just an average experience because I liked the food and beer, but hated the couches.  The couches were just too big for little ole me.Buuuut, more recently, Mister Tramps were my Sunday morning saviors -- I loved my cozy corner spot at the bar with a view of 3 different NFL games.  Also, they had my Texans on DishTV, sectioned off the Jets fans from the other games, cooked me up a goat cheese omelette, and kept the $2 mimosas flowing (made with my favorite kind of orange juice to boot.)
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/29/2013,592,498,19,17,15>So I feel like I'm being generous, but when I think about the moment that my beer AND sandwich (notice sandwich, huh!? huh! it's a pub!!!) hit my mouth all those stars better get their butts up there. I must first say thank you Jenny L. and Coleen L.  for choosing such a fantastic place for your birthdays!!! :D I'll keep it short and sweet. It's a pub, so I expected pub food. What I got was the most glorious beer in all the land (naturally I can't remember it, but it was some sort of special beer that sounded girly and it was darker ish) and one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted. The turkey delux. Um what? Yes, I said it. It's even got me typing strangely, like I'm drunk, but I'm not, I'm just really in love with this sandwich. If a deli had done this, maybe they'd get 4 stars until they had my loyalty or something, because delis are supposed to have really good sandwiches... but Dog and Duck Pub is a pub! This is no ordinary pub food. Also the beer, bah! SO GOOD! The end.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/28/2013,307,445,8,11,8>Moontower Saloon is awesome.  The 45/48 really needed this hot spot. Cheap booze, fire pits, food trailers, awesome staff... you name it.Oh the parking sucks, but it sucks everywhere.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,4/27/2013,68,205,6,11,11>Jack Allen is a wild-haired zen master jedi of South by Southwest comfort food, and he has had the decency to bring his green chile-spiked badassitude up to Round Rock. The importance of this cannot be overstated, folks. Can you name a great brunch spot in Round Rock? That's what I thought. Well, you can now. The food here works. The fusion of southwest and comfort food is brilliant and spot on. The ingredients are fresh, and dishes are conceived by a clearly talented culinary mind. Even in the first week, the kitchen and staff seemed to be humming along. Stop reading this review and just go already.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/26/2013,64,10,15,13,15>As of the day of this review, I'll put The Dig Pub up against any beer serving establishment in Cedar Park for beer selection awesomeness. A few years ago they removed the welcome mat for the Anheuser-Busch and Coors Brewing companies of the world opting for smaller craft and largely Texas beers. No doubt AB's involvement in stymieing HB 602 was the last slap in the face that preceded their decision to boycott AB, but life is too short to drink bad beer, so fine by me. With about 25 on draft and about 10 of those rotating on a regular basis there are many opportunities to try new beers. If shuffle board, darts, foosball, dog friendly places, live trivia or live music is your thing, you are in luck. Happen to have a wife that prefers wine and cheese? Well, you are in luck again because they have cheese plates and wine along with some damn good grilled sandwiches, my favorite being the South by Southwest (ham, pepper jack cheese, green chilies, onion and cilantro). They say it's so good it'll make you want to slap yo momma; but if you have a mom like mine you know that would be a bad idea, just enjoy the sandwich and keep your hands to yourself. Good beer. Good wine. Good cheese. Good sandwiches. Good times.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/25/2013,74,79,17,13,11>Stiles Switch wins. I've been on a BBQ hunt throughout Austin, looking for great BBQ and I believe I've found it.  And now I plan to stalk it. The next time you go, wave to me. I'll be in the pea green '68 Impala with the dented fender and the sleeping bag in the back seat.We ventured up North Lamar recently with Texas David and his wife Melissa to try Stiles Switch based on several referrals from friends and a good record on Yelp, and they hit it out of the park. They're located in the old Violet Crown shopping center, behind doors that look like they belong on the front of an Ultimate Fighting gym. But pay them no mind, just yank them open and go in, then immediately turn right and follow the DMV like corridor to the counter. The ordering is BBQ standard. One very nice guy gets the meat order, the next very nice guy gets the side order, and the next very nice guy gets the dessert order, then the very nice girl rings you up, and you move on to the tableware stand and get your fork. Forget the knife unless you want to cut up your sausage, and what the hell are you doing at a BBQ place without a pocket knife anyway?I had the standard 3 meat plate. Moist (fatty) brisket, sausage (with or without Jalapenos) and pork ribs. My sides were standard slaw and tater salad, with the tater salad the winner in my opinion. My dessert was chocolate banana pudding. Settle down. Don't judge until you've tried it. ML got the corn casserole as a side and we all ganged up on her and took a bite. It was the best side I've ever had at a BBQ place. Ever. She was fine with giving us a bite. Not two bites you understand, but one.  A long neck (Austin Amber, but they have a decent selection) rounded out the plate. The brisket was the equivalent of Angels singing. So tender, so moist, so flavorful and beautifully charred on the edges. The meat cutter gave me a burnt end to nibble as he sliced it up and I groaned with delight. They give generous portions but mine disappeared in a blind nonetheless. And the plastic fork was just fine for cutting pieces, although I really wanted to just pick it up in my hands and gobble it like the savage I am. The sausage had a nice thin casing, no filler, was juicy, meaty and delicious. What more needs to be said?I had two pork ribs. The first one was perfect. Almost falling off the bone, and delicious. The second tasted just as good, but was ever so slightly less tender. The house sauce was proclaimed very good by Texas David, but I never use it. I want the meat to sing to me a cappela. ML had the chopped beef sandwich and she loved it. She has a disturbing habit of using a knife and fork to cut messy sandwiches into bite size pieces while staring disapprovingly at my meat stained hands, face, shirt, pants and often shoes, and reminding me we won't be embracing any time soon, but she gave me a bite to make up for it and it was damn good.The chocolate banana pudding had Oreos, chocolate pudding, Nilla wafers and fresh bananas in it. It was so good you could conceivably use it as a sex aid. I won't say I took some home and did just that. But I won't deny it either. Decent parking, cold long necks, and a good amount of indoor space all fill up the edges of greatness. And the prices were absolutely reasonable for BBQ, which means a steal for great BBQ.  I will hold one half star off until I go back and see if that second rib was an anomaly or not. But even if it was, the brisket makes up for it. Go. Eat. Be happy.  And put down a shower curtain on the bed if you bring some chocolate pudding home. Don't ask me how I know.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/24/2013,611,369,12,19,17>I've been twice: once for dinner, and the second for take-out. My dining partners loved the burnt ends, and we all agree that the iPad payment at the end gets AWKWARD.I don't do the meat thing, so it's always veggie for me. Their service is generally really fast, and the ramen really is good. I highly recommend asking them to make it "extra spicy" ($0.50 extra) and adding a lightly poached egg (same price increase), even throw on the green onions (free!). The take-out service we received was splendid, we even got free drinks while we waited. My only real complaint is that they gave us ZERO SILVERWARE with our order. That aside, I really dig this place.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/22/2013,289,450,11,9,8>Man oh man, Wanfu III you are a blast from the past!  When I moved here 6 years ago there used to be THREE Wanfu's, hence the name.  Well, the other two ran the gamut of being shut down by the health department and I can only assume they didn't renew their leases due to location and inflated rent prices.  This is the lone Wanfu left of the bunch and seeing as I just moved back to the Hyde Park area, it's back in my hood.  The other week I had a serious Jonesing for some Chinese food and if you've never been here, their cuisine is actually better than most buffet's of the same type.  I used to come here 6 years ago with my girlfriend and get their Orange chicken(it has actual dried peppers in it) and it's not super super sauced and the chicken is DELICIOUS.  As much as I wanted to get this deep fried delicacy, I had noticed they updated their menu and seeing as a lot of times I really want Asian noodles, I opted for the Spicy Thai Noodles.  I picked it up and paid extra for a large hot and sour soup and it came with an egg roll too but my final price jumped up like $3-4.  I got home and ate my soup and was too stuffed to even think about the noodles.  When I finally ate them they were good but not exactly what I was expecting. Needless to say, my $14 dinner lasted me two days and I had the stinky burps to prove it.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/21/2013,137,114,10,13,10>Shhh it's a secret hidden in plain sight:  Tucked beside a Sally Beauty Supply store, between Target and Michaels, in a strip mall, at a huge intersection of I-35 and 45, in Round Rock.  If you blink you'll miss it.  You will be missing out on a charming, unpretentious little casual wine bar with a great rotating selection and good prices.It's cozy and modern inside with a good amount of seating and a nice bar.  There's a small area at the front for live music in the evenings and when I've been there the music hasn't been too overpowering.  Just grab a tall bar table in the back if you want to chat during a live show.  The wine by the glass selection seems to change weekly.  I usually try a flight- 3 wines for $2-3 dollars a glass to get a taste of what's good.  The wines are actually numbered so if I'm intimidated by a pronunciation I can just order "number 2" without feeling judged.  Some would see this as dumbing down.  I see this as being kind to wine dorks like me.  Each wine in the flight is served in a small carafe with a little numbered bead on a cord to label each wine. This is PERFECT for me because I have the worst memory in the history of ever so I can keep looking up on the menu what I'm drinking and try to recognize the flavors given in the description.   Wine-loving dog owners have a little patio area on the front sidewalk.  Sometimes there are even special treats for the puppies!  It gets a little breezy though so batten down the hatches things will blow away.  There's a really cool pyramid heater out there for chilly days and nights.The food is usually secondary to me since I'm there for the wine!  But I have tried the fruit and cheese plate - which had some nice little surprises like sage honey and a gluten-free option.  I usually go for the 3 for $10 olive oil/balsamic vinegar sampler.  The menu looks great though I keep meaning to try it out.  It's ironic that I can go there often because it's easy driving practice for me and yet it's a good place for me to drink wine.  Cruel fate indeed for this duchess to be.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/20/2013,198,276,5,13,8>So usually the morning after getting a tattoo I have that split second where I see it in the mirror and think "what the hell did I do?!" Don't get me wrong, I love my tattoos, but something about their permanency catches up with you after the rush has worn off. This morning when I saw the ART that Paco gifted me with I was still 100% in love with it. I've never been so happy with a tattoo in my life. Electric 13 is a beautiful shop on Guadalupe at the beginning of the drag near campus. You can tell that their attention to detail isn't just given to their work by the care they've taken with making their environment so inviting and warm. Paco is my new favorite person (sorry mom!). He has the lightest hand I've ever been tattooed by...ever. You know that first moment when they say "here we go" and the needle touches down? Yeah, that happened and I didn't even grit my teeth. He's magic with a needle which I can already tell is going to be bad for my wallet because the only thing keeping me from being covered in tattoos is the pain, and now that doesn't seem like such a big deal because of Paco. Through the entire process Paco was amazing. He was attentive and made sure to give me his undivided attention when I came in to talk to him about my ideas. How he was able to come up with something that I didn't even know I wanted is unbelievable. I had sent lots of pictures of things I liked and tried my best to communicate my likes and dislikes and what I wanted the end result to be, but I never expected him to pinpoint it so exactly. I have a tendency to say "i like feminine tattoos" and then show him a picture of something that doesn't at all seem feminine so it's kind of a miracle (or just a testament to him being awesome) that he was able to read my mind. So far we've just got the beautiful lines, and I've got another appointment to do the shading. At this point, I'm not sure I could love it more than I already do. I will be telling everyone I know to go to Paco. One of my friends put a deposit down and set an appointment immediately after he finished my tattoo. He's just that good.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/19/2013,65,231,2,11,7>These delicious lobster rolls are ORGASMIC! I first heard of Garbo's Lobster Truck from Thrillist Austin. I immediately made a point to hunt down this food truck that very day for lunch. Heidi Garbo is the owner/operator of the truck. She is very friendly! Her family is in the lobster business in Maine so these babies are freshly delivered to ATX daily! Garbo's does not stay in one place but travels to various locations in North Austin during lunch hours. You'll want to Like her facebook page to keep up with her location updates. Heidi serves the lobster roll two ways: Maine & Connecticut style. For those of you who are new to lobster rolls, Maine is served with a warm lemon tarragon butter. Connecticut is served cold with mayo & celery. I can only speak for the Maine style since that is the only one I have tried. I'm sure both are delicious!The lobster roll is filled with CHUNKS of yummy lobster goodness and generously smothered with the lemon tarragon butter. I was in HEAVEN!!!! So freaking good!Menu prices:Lobster Roll Combo served with slaw, chips and a Maine Root soda = $161/2 lobster roll with Heidi's world famous chowda = $10Lobster Roll only = $13Heidi also has daily specials as well!I first tried a lobster roll in NY and have since been hooked! I am soexcited that we finally have it here in Austin! Thanks Heidi!*One other thing to note - Heidi does not accept Amex or Discover cards.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/18/2013,139,134,7,12,8>Came here for breakfast the other weekday morning, and arrived about 11 am. The tables were nealy full already. Of course thats not too hard to do there, since there are only 13 tables. As the other reviews stated, it is super small, so if you don't mind sitting on your neighbors lap, you'll be fine.The chips and salsa were tasty. The huevos rancheros plate I ordered with a side of beef fajitas was excellent. Although the fajitas were a little on the salty side, but tender for sure. The rice and beans were decent, and tortillas were really good.The service was excellent! Never had to ask for a refill, and the food came out fast; almost too fast..But understanding that they need to get people in and out because of the limited space, explains a lot. Overall, I am a fan..Can't wait to try something else on the menu.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,4/17/2013,45,59,5,12,9>So this place has really cranked up the service. I went on Friday night of SXSW 2013, so I really don't think there could be a busier time. The nice thing about the North location is that you can drink outside.My guest and I were told it would be 45 min - 1 hour. We were seated within 40 minutes, and while we were outside they passed out free shots of frozen margaritas. It's also nice to have someone taking drink orders while you're standing in line.After the huge line, the cashiers were more than polite--in fact, they were downright pleasant to talk to. They brought my burger out overcooked, but offered to re-do it and it was done within 10 min. I'm impressed with the overall service. It's changed drastically since I first started going.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/16/2013,139,109,16,13,12>Three of my labmates and I had lunch here today.  We arrived just a little before noon and were able to order almost immediately.  By the time we had all decided, a line was growing behind us (and not because we were slow).Between the 4 of us, we had:Thai Chicken Kara-ageVeggie MeshiSapporo Beer Bacon Miso RamenChicken Tortilla RamenBrussels Sprout SaladEverything was wonderful.  The guy who had the Sapporo Ramen commented that he could discern every constituent flavor.  I, on the other hand, just said "mmmmm, food good".  I had been worried that the portions would be too small (I'm not a tiny guy or light eater), but that wasn't a problem at all.I also got a chance to meet and talk with Deana; there was swooning.  East Side Queen, indeed.There are lots of places near campus where, if you're hungry, you can eat and not be hungry anymore.  Most days that's all we expect.  ESK alters that equation---food that is both good and interesting.One of the grad students commented "I've never seen you look so happy, Rick".  The food was certainly largely responsible, but talking to Deana may have helped, too.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/15/2013,121,212,5,14,9>Tuesdays at Gourdoughs rock!Steers & Beers Night! $2.00 Off All Burgers$2.00 Off All Texas Draft Beers All Day Long  (which makes a pint of Fireman's $2, and the Texas craft beers $3.)$2.00 Off All Texas SpiritsHard to go wrong with the Gourdoughs burger selections.  The first question you have to ask yourself is "Do I want a fried egg on my burger?"  If so, you've got 2 great options: the Ron Burgundy and the Double D's.  The Burgundy has american cheese and guac, while the D2 has blue cheese and buffalo sauce.  Wear short sleeves - these are messy burgers.  You've been warned.Last night, I had the Big Baller, which is Gourdoughs' most basic burger.  I actually didn't totally understand this burger.  It's described as coming with "house pimiento cheese blend", but was melted white cheese goodness, and I did not see pimientos (which I'm fine with).  The sprigs of fresh cilantro added a little spicy chirpiness, but I'm not totally sold on the ubiquitous cilantro sprigs that pop up all over the menu.  The thin sliced onions were pungent, but the entire flavor profile was a bit dull, because it was devoid of acidity.  A special sauce - mustard or ketchup, or even their avocado lime sauce that comes with the Big Cheez (which rocks, try it) would have been brilliant here.I'm a big fan of the 512 IPA, though a bit disappointed in the tap system that seems to run closer to 40 degrees than I care for.  I like my beers a bit on the cold side.  Also, if the owners are reading, I've seen people have some lackluster service here, and have been greeted verrrry slowly here on occasion, myself.  I think that may be the only missing piece of the formula for what should be a very successful restaurant.  I should honestly dock a star, but I won't because I like the place so much.I'll be back.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/14/2013,4221,482,10,19,15>It's better than 4-stars, I'd say 4.25 stars Pho sure!  It was my first go at PhoNatic and it was a delightful experience to say the least.40 degrees outside, that's a perfect day for a warm bowl of noodle soup.  At around 5pm on a Saturday I head over to Ramen Tatsu-Ya, and guess what - - a long line!  Oh no, not today, no wait in line outside for me, I want it now.  Tan My is right around the corner and I love them, but I want to try someone different this weekend and PhoNatic was high on my 2013 to-do list.  I like the large layout and spaced out tables, and there are 2 self serve kiosks!  Awesome!  I try one out - - pretty intuitive, so I put my order in for some pork & shrimp spring rolls and a regular bowl of Pho Ga.  It even asks if I want dark meat, white meat, or both.  It's the same price so I'll go for the lean stuff - - white all the way.  Here you pay first - so that means tip first as well.  Next stop - the awesome condiment bar!  That solidified the experience for sure - loaded with white and green onions, cilantro, jalapenos, limes, and the necessary sauces:  chili garlic, hoisin / oyster, fish, Sriracha and soy.  So glad I don't have to ask for more cilantro anymore!   You'll have to ask for the chili oil, and basil + sprouts will come out with your Pho like the other places.  Plenty of seating available, and 3 large TVs to watch - and they had the football game on!  The spring rolls came out first - - they were solid.  Good quality, solid peanut sauce, I'd order again.  Here comes the Pho Ga - - it was superb!  Broth was light and flavorful, the chicken meat is shredded.  I prefer slices and chunks (so you know what you're getting), but I'll take the shredded - fine by me.  The quality was very good, I'd say this place ranks Top 4 in the Austin area, and that's worthy of a repeat visit.  Some families were there with children, and sometimes they like to shout across the room to communicate with each other, unfortunately it was occurring over my table which can be quite annoying.  That's a drawback, but I was seated in the middle of the store.  If you find a corner or bench table you should be better off there if quiet and peaceful is what you're looking for.  Next up - going for some of Errol's Pho Filet Mignon!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,4/13/2013,244,139,4,23,11>Time for another rundown.**First off, to address complaints of others:-Wait time: Do you know that if you go to any popular joint in Cali/NY at peek times, you'd have to wait 2-3 hours as well? They have revised their system a bit to have your order come out right when you sit down. That's pretty fast.-Appetizers: This is a place for ramen. I *could* call you names for having gripes against the gyoza here, but I wont. Also keep in mind that even though the gyoza, salad, and curry are technically "appetizers" they will often come out after your ramen, since this place is mainly designed to be an in-and-out style ramen churning machine. My advice would be to skip on the gyoza, and maybe get the curry or salad as a substitute for a kae-dama(extra noodles).-My Complaints:The ramen shop gets absolutely blasted with sun before sunset. It gets really hot inside... I'm not sure how to alleviate this, but I start sweating buckets if I come in at this time. The solution that I've come up with is to bring a headband/bandana so I can enjoy eating my ramen without wiping my forehead every minute.**Now for some new tips from going more times:-Recommendations:If its your first time, either get the tonkotsu ramen or miso ramen. Get an extra egg, the "corn on the bomb" and spicy bomb if you want the spice. (yes 3 add-ons, all completely worth it)If it's your second+ time, try the tsukimen ramen. Don't be afraid of pronouncing it... hell you can just say "#4 please." It's an amazingly flavorful dish, which has a very refreshing citrus element to it. This is PERFECT for those of use who douse our tacos and pho with lime. The proper way, as told by one of the owners is to eat half of the noodles without squeezing the lime that is included in the dish, then halfway in, squeeze the lime over the noodles, which will change the flavor palate quite a bit.-My personal favorite:My favorite currently is the Mi-So-Not (non spicy miso ramen), with an extra egg, spicy bomb, and corn on the bomb. Getting the spicy paste on the side lets you experience the miso broth by itself, and then decide how much spiciness you want to add in afterwards. The brussel sprouts in this ramen are absolutely mindblowing (channeling paul qui of Uchiko). Make sure to pair your ramen with a beer. The peacemaker or fire eagle from Austin Beer Works goes very with ramen!! try it out!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/12/2013,80,213,9,7,9>I'm really not a huge cake person. Instead, for my birthday, I'd just like to stack a few of the wagyu beef belly slices from my "sashimi" piece at Uchiko up in the shape of a cake and stick some candles in that. That wagyu beef belly sashimi was fatty, buttery, silky smooth beefy goodness. It was really the highlight of my dinner. Most of Uchiko's menu items are more tasting sized than full entrees. We found this out with the Jar Jar Duck. That item was brilliant, with four different types of duck meat served in a jar, but it was definitely a smaller jar than we expected. So, like I said: tastings. Everything we tried was divine. Food perfection. Sitting at the sushi bar is particularly dangerous since you see all the dishes go by in front of you, and thus, you're constantly going "I want that!" at what you see. I was seated in front of the bowl of fresh raw salmon, and I kept wanting to ask if they'd just pass the bowl of sushi salmon over the glass. It looked so good. I even ate brussels sprouts here...and liked them. They are served in a spicy chili sauce and are cooked to a delicate crisp. They're unlike any brussels sprouts I have ever had. I am a vegetable hater, and I would order these again in a heartbeat. The makimono sushi rolls are a real treat, too. My favorite was the shag, with its delicate tempura coating. Take all of your preconceived notions about fried rolls and throw them out the window. This coating was light, crisp, and not heavy in the slightest bit. This was one of those items we ordered after seeing it pass by to another couple at the bar, and it did not disappoint. Be sure to dip the rolls in the sweet black sauce that's smeared across the plate--that stuff is incredibly tasty. The decor inside is modern, but warm. The insulated ceiling prevents it from being too loud to where my voice gets lost in the noise, so I was grateful for that. The sushi bar operates under the watchful eyes of Chuck Norris, who apparently can't take "but that's usually yucky" for an answer. Bonus: there was elderberry sorbet for dessert. Yes, this resulted in many, many Monty Python quotes. No, I'm not ashamed of that. It was delicious, and your mother was a hamster, too.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,4/11/2013,310,185,11,18,13>A delightful addition to the 6th Street District, with quality craft beer (no crap on tap!)  in a beautiful setting. This beautiful old building once housed a "Nascar Bar."  Yes, I know this because the bouncer of said bar was described on the news as "bouncer at 6th Street Nascar bar Fuel..." in a story about how he helped catch the thug who beat the hell out of a young woman named Merri  and stole her purse in full view of the security cameras in front of Liberty Bar.  [Merri survived, battered but unbowed, and scum assailant was sentenced to 45 years] Having worked on 6th for many years, I had no idea such a place existed, so I looked all over for it.  Nowhere to be found.  Because it's NOT on 6th, but on Trinity, between 6th & 7th.  I looked inside once.  Terrifying.Mercifully it was not Nascarred for life.  Owned at one time by the now Infamous Yassine brothers, The Chicago House is under new management, with new owners, and a fantastic new look.The redesign takes advantage of the gorgeous 1880's era building (a former boarding house), with a spacious upstairs, wood floors throughout, large windows and the exposed stone.  It's a visual treat.  The beers are in the spotlight though.  20 craft beers, rotating as often as a keg is finished, and two hand-pulled cask ales at all times.  Their website features a live updated tap list at all times, linked to the large electronic display boards over the bar.  As a tap is changed, the menu, and the website show it immediately.All beers are $5 and most are served in 14 oz. glasses (some "big" beers are served in smaller glassware due to higher alcohol content) . Every day from 4:20 - 5:20 is Happy Hour, with $1.00 off all beers.  Beertending staff are friendly and knowledgeable and offer tastes and suggestions for folks trying to escape the bland beer drudgery of budmillercoors.  A full bar is available also, and food (mostly burgers sandwiches and salads) is brought in, literally, from the Parish Underground (formerly Beale St Cafe) just down the alley next to Bikinis, which shares an owner.It's great to have a real beer establishment in the district.  Since it's right around the corner for me, I'm already becoming a regular after work.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/10/2013,704,840,19,17,19>I have big love for Kids-N-Cats being recently introduced to this wonderful little shop. What makes it even more fun is that Coleen L. works here.  She is completely thrilled about all the amazing collectibles, jewelry, toys and trinkets. Listen up. Coleen could sell the pants off the President. So go with the idea that you will buy something. I purchased a fierce looking carved owl under her influence for The Kid.During the holidays I drug The Kid in so he could see first hand what I've been talking about. He browsed through the one million items and looked several times at the Star Wars action figures and the owls.  He's an owl guy.  Go figure.  I think it was too soon after he received a wad of money from Santa so he did not make a purchase but promised to return with friends.The Kid:  So she is how old?Me:  Who???The Kid:  Your friend who works there.Me:  Where???The Kid:  That shop with the owls.Me:  Dude.  She is a lot older than you....25 or 26.  I'm not sure.  And, she has a boyfriend.The Kid:  Gotcha. If you like collectibles and want to be guided through the amazing shelves of sparkly, fun treasures by an enthusiastic cutie, go here.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/9/2013,185,122,23,18,16>I love this place!Started going there with some friends who have moved to the east side, when all of sudden I found myself there alone on a Sunday afternoon sitting at the bar, drinking Tecate bombs, and chatting away with the owner Tim, who worked happy hour on Sundays.This place is our first choice on a cold night. Reason? The heated outside patio. Its covered and has heat lamps on the ceiling, which keeps everything warm.Another reason I like this place? Well this one night a girl was crying. 2 of her friends were consoling here, when all of a sudden a third friend walked over, pulled her own t-shirt down and started motorboating the crying friend. I saw this whole thing from start to finish, and had to start clapping and cheering. My friends joined in, and slowly everyone on the patio joined in, except of course the motorboater and the motorboatee. The motorboater turns around and realizes they are the reason everyone is clapping and cheering, and is really embarrassed and makes a face at me like, "how could you?" I make the look, "you're the one who has her tits out and in the face of another girl in the middle of the bar!"Ok, I am going to be honest. If I was crying and some girl came and motorboated me, I would stop crying too. In fact, I would be very happy. Because, boobs.Oh the patio is awesome. Very warm!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,4/8/2013,485,555,28,26,25>Northies, sometimes we think God doesn't like us because he usually makes us drive far away to meet friends, see a doctor, or have any kind of fun. But it looks like our fortunes are changing, because the Hanabi sushi happy hour is within reach. You may laugh evily now, or save it for the end of this review.If you stick to happy hour, you're going to be happy. Obviously. From 4:30 to 6:30: nigiri mostly under $2; $1 comforting miso soup; $5 - $6 discounted rolls.  The Lucky roll was a favorite, and the flounder and scallop nigiri were divine.If you step outside of happy hour, there are some sweet sweet delights. We tried the tamari hotategai (grilled scallop) appetizer, because scallops are the diamonds of the sea. I wish it'd been jucier, or accompanied with more citrusy flavor, but it was yummy nonetheless. The Foxy Lady was quite good, and came with its own dipping sauce. Next time I'll have to try the Walking on Air because I'm of the lighter-feeling sushi persuasion.The staff was super attentive, the decor was just right, and there was ample parking, unlike in certain places (*cough*Uchiko*cough*Musashino*cough*). So when your non-northie friends say "heyyyyy I'd like to inconvenience you with a lengthy drive somewhere south because it's the best happy hour evaaaaaaar" you can say "LIES. Hanabi happy hour is fabulous so you cry your way through traffic and come here. Fool."
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/7/2013,193,153,4,11,7>Oh Elgin, why do you have to have such slow growth and so little choices in restaurants? Thank goodness for Regulators. The burgers are some of the best around. At least an inch thick and cooked to order. You have your choice of cheese (I went for cheddar) and your choice of toppings (grilled onions and bacon please). Choice of fries? The sweet potato fries are amazing. Crispy sweet goodness. They don't have a huge selection of tap beers so I just went for a bottle of Blue Moon to chase my food down with. My waitress was great and the owner stopped by the table and asked me how it all was. All in all a great place for some tasty burgers.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,4/6/2013,54,201,7,5,6>I've never had a Monte Cristo before, but I've likely ruined the possibility of ever enjoying another one again.The Monte Cristo is ridiculous. That thick-piled sandwich, beer-batter dipped and fried to crispy perfection is a rare treat. And the fresh fried potato chips were awesome too. Topping it off is the cherry dip, which is the perfect sweet/sour balance.The owner came out personally and sold the food, which wasn't necessary, but it sure showed his conviction. I only wish I'd read his rant on the gluten-free Yelper first, so I could have expressed how hard I laughed. As a newer (but frequent) user of Yelp, it bugs me when people who haven't actually eaten/purchased/experienced something will review it. As someone looking to Yelp to find new and awesome stuff, your personal issues interfere with my finding yummy fried sandwiches and such.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/5/2013,125,534,5,8,7>Hard to not just order "one of everything, please." On my visit today around 1:30pm, I enjoyed zero waiting around for a table time, and undivided attention from our lovely server. Our party of five was seated in a private room with a sweet chandelier, and offered water with lemon like the fancy people we are. Our server mentioned that the special was a spicy ramen with kimchi, and I immediately knew what I wanted, but pretended to look at the menu anyway. Two people ordered the sushi lunch, my friend's dad also ordered the spicy ramen, and one person ordered the Kayaku Udon. The sushi came out the fastest, and looked really fresh. The people who ordered them said they were delicious so I'll take their word for it. The spicy ramen, however, was the only thing I was interested in. It came in a bowl of unimpressive size, although I quickly realized that unlike other restaurants that give you a giant bowl that is mostly soup, this bad boy was chock full of ramen-y goodness. There was the noodle, which was slightly chewy but firm, topped with a generous portion of ground pork, seaweed, two fish cakes, that tasty, tasty marinated soft boiled egg, bamboo shoots, and kimchi, all swimming around in a bright red broth. The broth wasn't as thick as other ramen broths I've consumed, but it did thicken up when I stirred in the ground pork. I wanted to eat my ramen as slowly as I could to savor every bite, but unfortunately the other people in my party ate way fast so I had to shovel in bites like it was my last meal (which, by the way, I would totally request this as my last meal.) Pricing was $9.50 for that, $8-9.50 for the other kinds of ramen. About on par with the other ramen joints. I would love to come back and try their other lunch offerings, but if spicy ramen is still on the table...well, I guess I'll have to make many trips to 51st and Airport.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/4/2013,145,194,33,45,41>This was a five star experience top to bottom. Things you need to know about D'Zire:1. The staff/owners are awesome - friendly, welcoming (they offered me a drink as soon as I walked in), and they're happy to chat or do your nails quietly - you set the tone. They speak English well, which may not matter much for a simple mani/pedi but very important when you're getting nail art and trying to communicate what you want via abstract ideas or concepts.2. It is super clean and modern with comfy chairs not just for pedis but at mani stations too.3. They are talented - they told me multiple times that they could do any kind of nail design I could dream up - just to let them know what I wanted. At the end, they showed me some pics of the work they did at their previous salon in California and it was very intricate and impressive. Not only are they great at their designs, but they were meticulous with the application and shaping of my acrylics (I got rounded stiletto tips - see photo section).By the end my nails looked perfect and were exactly what I'd asked for. And they checked in multiple times to make sure I was getting what I wanted and that I was liking how the nails were turning out.4. They are gracious - they thanked me many times for coming to check them out and wanted to know how I found them. They respect the power of Yelp and have a sign up asking to review if you like them. I like business that understands how powerful Yelp is... and at no time did they try to "buy" a review, even when I told them that I'm an avid Yelper. My tech, Jack, I believe his name was, was doing an awesome, meticulous job long before he found out I was on Yelp.I don't give out five stars easily but this was a great experience and I'm 100% pleased with the results. I urge you to check this place out, whether you're looking for fancy nail designs or just a simple mani/pedi. Oh, and the fab nails/nail design only cost $33. This is my new place for nails!You know a place is good when you're eager to write them a long-winded review even with newly applied pointy talons that make typing a bit of a chore :)
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,4/3/2013,184,184,17,9,12>The first time I visited I was met by the owner's tiny dog, who was perched on a chair and was very interested in our arrival."Oh, that's Mister Magoo", the owner said.  "Don't mind him, he's on that chair because he likes to try and run out into traffic."Me and my coffee companion gave Magoo some behind-the-ear scritches.  "He doesn't try and jump down?" I asked."Not usually," she said, "but I do have to keep an eye on him."  Another customer walked in and Magoo started intently at the door and did a little dance on the chair.  "Magoo, make good choices!"So this place is responsible for a now oft-used phrase in my vocabulary, plus some of the best iced vanilla lattes around.  Make good choices and get yours with whole milk.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,4/2/2013,421,256,8,16,18>There's a scene in Fantasia 2000 where a Firebird spirit of destruction destroys a forest before the Spite of Spring returns growth to the land.* Even though I visited Bastrop State Park in the fall, Spring was slowly returning to the park out of the ashen aftermath of the 2011 wildfires.There's a shade of faith that accompanies seeing its recovery after the inconceivable magnitude of fire damage. Walking through Lost Pines Trail and Roosevelt's Cutoff, the initial sight of blackened trees in all directions was sombering. Once I realized many of the trees were intentionally left standing meant they were believed to have a chance of recovery, there was a great surge of hope for these survivors. Further along the trail, I began to see a fair amount of birds who have built new homes, bright green moss to pad the once roughened ground, mushrooms growing from the roots of black trunks, berries sprouting and many ant mounds. Life, in its fragile beginning stages, is taking hold here, and I can't wait to see it return in full bloom this Spring.*Fantasia 2000 scene here: youtube.com/watch?v=gZ1l
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,4/1/2013,74,118,11,16,9>Hello, my name is Keyseri and I am a certified cheapskate when it comes to drinking. Is that a crime? Yes, you say? Lock me away then...I can't find a complaint about a joint that has $2.50 wells, an atmosphere anyone can vibe with, and killer bar staff who pour generously, yep me thinks so. You'll find my cheapskate self here again very-very-soon.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/30/2013,105,112,10,11,11>I don't often write updates...but when I do, something must stand out!The steeping room is, hands down, the place in Austin I most identify as "mine". I come here when I'm sad and need a pick me up, when I'm happy and need a celebration, and when I want some black lychee tea (which is darn near all the time!)I can understand qualms with this place - you know, if you hate amazingness. And you definitely don't' come here if you want leftovers, though I think their portions are great for one, single serving of food. This is not a place that has traditionally masculine food - ie, steak, potatoes, beans, etc (trust me, I love all of these things!) - but everything is fresh, well prepared, and tasty. There are more filling options, like the Buddha bowls and grain of the day options, but my favorites are, and will always be, the tea sandwiches. Elegant, small, and surprising - dainty but packed with flavor! Ranging from the simple cucumber sandwich to a crunchy bacon-filled explosion of texture and taste. I recommend asking for extra balsamic vinaigrette - its tart and delicious. Then we get to the servers - all of them are great, but my little lunch group is delighted whenever we get Jonathan. With a voice that could rival Morgan Freeman's in narrating ability, excellent service, and an unfaltering smile, Jonathan is just awesome. He pretty much needs to accept that he's going to be our groups' future BFF. But in all honesty, everyone (servers, greeters) is great!This place also needs to have a giant "WELCOME ALL!" sign above it, because its so easy to eat here if you're on a clean diet, diabetic, gluten free, vegetarian, not vegetarian, or vegan. Were I not married, and were the Steeping Room a man, we'd probably date. I imagine he'd be an enthusiastic, well-traveled man in his 30s. We'd probably hold hands, if he wasn't too busy playing me a song he wrote for me on his guitar.  Sadly, we'd probably break up because I couldn't bear keeping his love to myself. We'd stay friends forever though, duh. ....That awkward comparison aside, um, I love this place!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/29/2013,315,273,3,13,14>"If your body is a temple, why not decorate the walls."  This is a platitude you come across on Pinterest periodically and it's thanks to Pinterest that I have found so many great ideas for work I wish to have done.  While it's great finding the photos of various versions of your ideas, the most important thing you need is the right, skilled tattoo artist.  Katja Ramirez is that artist.  I was shopping around town trying to find the right person to do the quill tattoo I wanted.  I had the photo of the black and grey quill I wanted and the person even had the exact placement I wanted.  The only thing I didn't have was the artist.  I am not one of those cool chicks with more tattoos than skin so this was also semi-stressful for me.  Fortunately a friend recommended Katja.  I reached out to her and her immediate enthusiasm for the piece put my mind at ease that I had found the right artist.I went in for a consult that was quick and easy.  I lucked out as she had one opening left in the year and it was 3 wks away.  So I booked it.  On the day of, I was nervous.  This was my third tattoo, but definitely the first one that required a consult/appt etc.  Katja put me at ease immediately.  Because of the tattoo, she asked if I was a writer and then I was off to the races rambling about the project I'm working on.  The conversation went on for the entire appt, and I before I knew it - it was done and it was BETTER than I had hoped for.I'm stunned at how well the piece turned out.  Katja has a great eye for detail.  I talked to her about my other ideas, particularly for a Mehndi tattoo.  She told me she even has a book on Mehndi designs.  So fyi, if you are into that - see Katja.  I'm making a point of this because I did a Yelp search for this before and found nothing.I'm posting a gorgeous (I'm lying) pic I took of the tattoo, but it will give you an idea.  It's far nicer in person.Thank you, Katja, for making something that I'll have on me for life WORTH having on me for life.  :)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/28/2013,17,85,19,17,22>First of all, y'all crazy.I know this isn't an undiscovered grubby gem in some dingy strip mall, so it's hard to brag like you're the one who discovered this place.  And I realize that it's expensive.  And I'm ok with the whole idea of factoring in price for your review.  But some of these reviews completely missed the mark.  They're expecting "value" at a splashy nightspot and whining about authenticity at a restaurant that's not really aiming for that.  Did you seriously pull up here and were like "I bet they have the best Pad Kee Mao for under $9".  No.  Go to North Lamar.  That's not the point of Sway.  Look at the place! It's stunning.  And look at the people who go there.  They're gorgeous!We were treated to half of a table on the heated patio. Our server was on it from the first moment to the last.  She informed us of the proper way to order (give it all at once, let her time it out for you) and guided us to the best parts of the menu. And the wine list.And with a 5 person group, we were able to order plenty of goodies and try them all.  Coconut soup? Amazed by it - although it could have been served a bit warmer.  Oysters? I don't even eat oysters and they blew me away. The only disappointment of our first batch was the wings - which were good but not as awesome as the rest.For the main courses, I was beguiled by the salt and pepper prawns, whose funky black bean accents demanded full attention.  And the pork belly noodles (Pad Kwetio) were somehow hearty of palate while staying light in the stomach.  A world class dish.  Tiger Cry, mussels, and fried rice rounded out the meal in style.  We saved room for the li'l candy bar dessert which finalized proceedings alongside coffee and a surprisingly reasonable check.  Plenty to eat and drink for well under a hundred bucks.All of this happened in a place that made me feel cooler than I really am.  It reminded me that I have opinions on things like wood tones and metal accents.  Austin is shaggy and hip sometimes, but it is also stylish and swanky at other times.  This is one of those other times.  Put on your best blazer and your expensive jeans.  Spritz on the good cologne.  Wash your hair.  Go be seen. Go see.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/27/2013,699,1000,9,13,13>After Amy D and I had a yummy dinner at Salty Sow we were racking our brains for a bar to go to that was new.  I thought about Freedmens that had recently opened and suggested we head there.  We almost didn't go in because parking was hard to come by (and UT isn't even in session yet!) but finally the parking gods smiled upon us and we found street parking and headed inside.Freedman's has been discussed a lot on the local Austin bar/restaurant scene since one of the owners of Freedmen's was also part owner in the beloved East side dive bar known as Scoot Inn.  Only he sold the Scoot Inn last year to focus on opening Freedmen's.  The Scoot was like my own personal Cheers bar (I played a few skeesons of skeeball at the Scoot besides all the concerts and hang-out times over the years) so for me Freedmen's was seen as a sort of target for my heartbreak on the changes to the Scoot.  I watched the Facebook page for the Scoot get filled with pictures of the development of construction on Freedmen's.  A lot of the reason for the press on this development was because a very long time ago, back in the sordid history of 19th century Texas, Freedman's was a structure built by freed slaves.  It is a very old building with deep history.  If you wonder what you would come for by going to Freedmen's the answer would be BBQ and craft cocktails.  Here is where Freedmen's joins the likes of Midnight Cowbody, East Side Showroom, and Peche with a cocktail menu that changes frequently.  The inside has bar stool seating and just a few small bar tables.  It is a gorgeous bar that has antique detail that is a throwback to another era.  There is an upstairs but will only be used for private events.  The majority of the seating is outside which will be nice in the warmer months.  I find it odd that a bar so close to a major university doesn't really have a beer selection, especially since this same bar serves BBQ.  Perhaps later they will add more beer options.  I tried a couple of the cocktails.  Autumn Orange had Balvenie 12 year, Daron Calvados, Carpano Antica Vermouth, Pierre Ferrand Curaco and orange.  The Flip Envy was my favorite with Angels Envy Bourbon, amaretto disaranno, lemon, chicory coffee syrup and egg white.  The BBQ was also really tasty, as is the potato salad.  Their sides and desserts like the smoked chocolate mousse and potato salad are served in small mason jars.  I like the mix of class and casual that Freedmen's actually pulls of really well.  I like Freedmen's enough to get over my betrayal of the sale of the Scoot Inn.  Though I won't come here as frequently as I did the Scoot I can say that Freedmen's will be a welcome addition to my rotation of frequent places to dine and drink in Austin.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/26/2013,461,645,9,34,23>The new decor and menu has really done this old Zen location some good. Each table has its own iPad which has the full menu with pictures to scroll through. You can place your order, page your waiter and pay your bill all from the iPad!My first visit I sat solo at a table and realized quickly that yes the iPad is cool but sushi is also about interaction with the chefs and waitstaff. It is just part of the experience. I saw my waiter twice, once to grab me a water and another time bring me my food. While this may be cool for an intimate date where you want some privacy otherwise maybe not so much. The second visit I asked to be seated at the sushi bar and my experience was a 180. Yes I was still able to order from the iPad etc but I also got to chat with the chefs and get first hand suggestions of what they liked best. The chefs were candid and offered me a sample of the hamachi sashimi which caused me to open up my tab after closing it for a pot of ZHI tea and an order of hamachi sashimi. Besides the hamachi I have also tried the Electric Eel and the Mr. Roboto Roll. The Electric Eel has tempura shrimp, avocado, cucumber, sesame with a delicious lemongrass soy glaze. Mr Roboto is seared white tuna with jalapenos, pickled cucumber, avocado, cilantro and spicy mayo however they forgot the spicy mayo and accidentally added that lemongrass soy (which I highly recommend exchanging the mayo for that soy). I enjoyed both of these rolls and highly recommend. They infuse some of their sakes and make creative & fun sake punches. I will definitely return with a group to try some of the sake punches that serve up to 4 people. They also have a nice beer, sake and wine selection.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,3/25/2013,103,180,11,12,13>I can't say enough good things. I'm sure everyone already knows that this is my frequent hang out. The servers are always awesome. The chili is never sub-par, in the least. The drinks are generous, and it's a good place to disappear when you need some Texas time in a California'ed city. I've been here when the unlocked the doors to open, and I've walked out right before they have locked the doors to close. Thank you Texas Chili Parlor. You let me two-step around your restaurant at an ungodly hour, and you treated my son like a man after his first week of work. Thank you.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,3/24/2013,204,582,3,13,7>I love Violet Crown for the following reasons:They show interesting films. If you want the latest Will Ferrell, head to the Alamo. If you wanna see what won awards at Sundance, come here. Reserved seating. I can show up 5 minutes before my movie if I wish. (Tip - show up earlier and put your name on the list for the la-z-boy chairs in the front row. IMO they are the best seats in the house, but they are reserved for the handicapped until right before showtime.)Show up early anyway because the lounge is cute and has books and games and is typically showing a movie. The food! We've been a few times: the ginger pork tapas were excellent, the sweet potato chips are worth getting no matter what you are eating, the crème brulee was yummy...(I also appreciate the fold out trays so you have your own space.)Drinks! Craft cocktails are very well made and unique (a favorite is the Bee's Nest: Gin, Douglas Fir Eau De Vie, lemon juice, honey). If you want a pre- or post drink, Malverde, Malaga, La Condesa, and the W are right there!)Free parking, whoop!  Park underneath in the AMLI garage or valet on 2nd and Violet Crown validates for four hours. The only thing not to like here is they do not have service inside the theater - you must exit and go grab your food (or, bring it in with you, if you read the advice above and showed early :)
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,3/23/2013,70,122,6,8,4>This location gets a solid 4 stars... but is lacking the fifth star because while I hung out here with my friends, the Lady Gaga concert was being blasted over the speakers and was being projected onto the wall... not okay.The drinks here are priced incredibly well, especially for the size of the drink that you get. There aren't many drinks that I could say are absolutely out of this world, although I am a HUGE fan of their Ice Cream Coffee and the Green Tea with cream drinks.They have free wi-fi, so it looks like a fun place to study, and they also have a plethora of board games that you and your friends can have fun with.TIPS:- 15% discount for showing a student ID- 15% discount for checking in on Yelp!- 5% discount for using cash.CONS:- Only one of the discounts is valid... :(- The groupon is only valid at the SOUTH location.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,3/22/2013,116,224,4,9,9>My friend shows champion Great Danes and found Catherine O'Donnell to help her with her new puppy (already 80 pounds at 6 months!!!). I am also the proud new mom of a pug puppy (11 pounds at 6 months-LOL), so we hired Catherine to train our pups for the AKC S.T.A.R Puppy certification. I was blown away by Catherine's knowledge, communication with our puppies and ability to train we humans to be better leaders for our dogs. Not to mention we had so much fun!!! Catherine recently opened a lovely new facility on Hwy 290 just off RR12 and not only does she do private instruction, but also group classes and she brings in experts for training on pet massage, etc. I look forward to taking my puggy back for further certifications and classes with Catherine. She truly is a "dog whisperer" and her patient, yet commanding methods will ensure dogs (and their owners) of all ages, shapes and sizes can learn to be the best they can be! Thank you Catherine!!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,3/21/2013,105,206,4,8,6>Came out for the preview party tonight - can't say the four stars is a "final" review of the place, but I'm a fan. Really glad to see a lot of people out tonight. Definite 5 star potential upon a second look. When I entered, I asked my girlfriend, "Are we still in Austin?" Even though the establishment is in Riverside, I felt like I got transported to the rural countryside. The Buzz Mill has great wood flooring and furnishings all around with some pretty impressive artwork, and the walls are lined with vintage and amiable pictures, frames, and other decor. There's also a fairly large outdoor backyard area that comes with a stage (for performances and the like), benches, and a variety of tables and seats. In addition, Blue Ox BBQ is stationed in the back so you can get your grub on.Anyway, from what I can tell, the staff are incredibly friendly folk. I'm sure they'll have menus churned out soon, but they're serving up beer, coffee, cider, and liquor - for any folks feeling "thirstier." My girlfriend and I opted to get hot chocolate ($2 each). Most of the beers and ciders were bottled or in cans, so I'm curious what they'll have on tap in the future. They're supposed to have cold brewed coffee on tap (AWESOME), and they're serving up coffee from locally roasted beans. If you're going for cold brew coffee on tap, you're an instant winner in my book.This is going to be a 24 hour shop when they officially open up. I could definitely imagine setting up shop here to get some work done. I saw a variety of outlets, so the joint's definitely made out for that. However, I can also foresee the Buzz Mill to be a prime social gathering place. I love how it serves the dual purpose, all in a warm, relaxed setting. Overall, I see great potential. I really love the atmosphere and decor, and if the crowd tonight is an indicator, the Buzz Mill should have no problem generating a quick and consistent fan base. Excited to see how it'll operate firing on all cylinders.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,3/20/2013,30,12,33,16,19>Ramen to the face. You get ramen to the face. The ninjas in here do not lie when they scream "RAMEN TO THE FACE". I did in fact get ramen to the face. Let me preface by saying that I love taking ramen in the face and have taken it most everywhere possible in this city of the voilet crown, this velvet coffin of a city, especially with the flavor of the month hype around ramen shops right about now, some falling WAY short in my book.........this is definitely not the case with this establishment.The broth, the broth, the broth in the night trickling ever so lightly down my neck as i get RAMEN TO THE FACE. When i walked in, dripping in diamonds, blizzard up on my neck, hurricane up on my wrists, Gucci erraythang (not really, i came from work, i am wearing penny loafers with no pennies in them)  the first ninja happily asked me if i'd ever had ramen and told me the story of Ben the chef who has been making ramen for 30 years (i am pretty sure i might have got the first bowl of ramen ever served in this dojo at 11:30am on grand opening day).Sidebar: i once went to the strange Asian bakery next door and got a 6pack of mini hotdog filled donuts all connected together like a squareshaped hotdog centipede. That 'pede haunts me to this day.......wait, i'm getting sidetracked again........Their tonkotsu broth was opaque and clouded with alabaster whippings of supremely well balanced marrow and the fat of preciously treated swine. A great thickness and amount of rendered swine to salt, the broth left nothing to be desired and sang a symphony into the air. The noodles were trammeled with a spot of toasted garlic leaving flavor even after they sank to the bottom of the milky pork ocean waiting quietly in my bowl. The intense saltiness of the hanjuku egg with the starch of the noodles and ocean zest of the seaweed left room for the pork witch (the halloween kind) was done simply adding a game to the dish that could be overlooked by most people who haven't sat in a tree for 13 hours with only a Rambo hunting knife waiting to fall on a 200lb ferrel pig with one swift deathblow.........alas i digress. There isn't graffiti in the bathroom, minimalist decor, not an ipad in sight, certainly no beer foam or mention of bacon, but what they do have is a ramen dish that replicates a breathing ecosystem held in perfect homeostasis by a broth that apparently only 30 years of experience can provide. I was wearing women's deodorant at the time.And orange halloween socks that i bought for $1.99 at CVS with black owls and a witch on them. (Maybe there is a black cat on them too, i'll have to check and see)Update: no cats.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,3/19/2013,36,114,9,13,9>I expected at any moment a uniformed Russian midget to come out and play the piano and the waitresses to gather in a circle to sing about the Motherland.... It's that kind of place... How often do you get to drink out of heavy glass goblets and down mystery vodkas while the tv overhead streams music videos with waifish Russians making out and slapping each other with passion?The food here is, of course, a major attraction. Every creature that has roamed the Black Forests or Caspian Sea seems available. You can tell the chef is passionate but sometimes overly ambitious.  The manti (beef ravioli) needed a yogurt sauce and more filing.  The cold meats appetizer, however, was a delight - excellent salami (housemade?), smoked salmon, duck, beef tongue - geesus,  everything.  Cucumber and tomato salad balanced well with all. Understand that they have both sweet and dry wines but the former is more traditional - I liked finishing with the semi-sweets, a dessert of sorts.I wouldn't bring the local political Commisar over here. Nyet. But it would be useful to bring a Russian to help navigate the maze of a menu that would drive Raskolnikov mad.  I gave up trying to understand what goes with what, but my instincts say there's a vodka flavor that goes with every dish.  Try them all.  Get drunk.  You won't make a fool of yourself because everyone is just as drunk and foolish as you.  Try out the Russian uniforms, pose and take picts.  It is encouraged, comrade. You won't get shot. Not tonight.... HA HA! Don't turn pale my capitalist friend, it's joke! Americans...Anyways, I'd rate this 3 stars for confused service, but 4 for food and potential. This place has Perfect Party Potential (PPP - trademarked here by me - did I tell you I have a Russian submarine to sell? Message me)
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,3/18/2013,312,628,7,13,11>Confession: I've lived the majority of my life in California.  And while California is famous for its year round temperate climate, fabulous beaches and national parks, liberal politicians spending tax dollars on anything and everything, wineries and being early adopters of  veganism; it is alas not known for its BBQ.  So while I presently reside in Texas I've never really been a huge fan of the stuff.  And I happened to mention this fact to my friends, while waiting in line at Franklin's at frickin' 9:00 am on Sunday morning, second in line behind avid BBQ fans, three born-and-bred Texans who proudly passed around their copy of Austin Monthly featuring Franklin's while describing in great detail their previous feasts at Franklins.  My friends commented perhaps this wasn't the best time or place for me to admit I wasn't really into BBQ.  Now having said this, I will tell you that I've been to several BBQ establishments, including the Salt Lick, Rudy's, Opie's, Smitty's and Cooper's.   And although I've had some good experiences, BBQ just isn't my first choice of culinary options.  But that was before I tasted Franklin's offerings....now I'm a born-again-singing-hallelujah BBQ believer!   Aaron Franklin was personable and cheerful (the man must be a natural born morning person, since he'd probably been up since early dawn) as we watched him slice up the meats.  He handed me a sample of the fatty brisket and as it melted in my mouth I immediately realized my expectation of BBQ would be forever changed.  At our table I tasted the delicious Tipsy Texan sandwich, which is definitely Texas sized and not for the faint of heart.  Piled high with chopped beef, sausage and sprinkled with coleslaw.  My friend devoured his sandwich in five seconds flat, perhaps fearing having to provide his friends with additional samples.  I ordered brisket (a leaner cut), turkey and sausage.  The sausage had a good flavor, but I can't say it was better than all other sausage I've tried before.  The brisket and turkey were all together a different story.  Since I usually get lean brisket it's never that great, usually lacking in moistness and flavor.  But Franklin's had a delectable smoky, peppery crust, was tender and moist and had a through and through delicious.  I don't know what he does differently, but it was certainly the best I've ever tasted.  For me the definition of brisket going forward will be "Franklin's."  The turkey was incredible and was falling-off-the-fork moist and juicy (the brine juices are poured over the turkey slices). The accompanying BBQ sauces were complex and tasty, but honestly I used the sauce sparingly because I did not want to mask the flavorful goodness of the meat itself.  That is a statement I never expected to make.  Was my taste experience worth waiting in line for two hours on a Sunday morning in the summertime Texas heat?  You betcha.Update:I revisited Franklin's and had another great experience, this time with the pork ribs.  I've never liked pork ribs.  I'm generally not a big fan of pork, and I don't like the texture of rib meat or the visible fat content.  Franklin's ribs have changed my mind.  I had to be talked into trying a portion of my friend's ribs, but after the first taste I asked for more, just to be sure I really tasted ribs so amazing I will order them for myself my next visit!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/17/2013,514,316,5,9,8>It was a freezing Sunday with the pup and we needed a great place with a patio to impress the visiting parents. Contigo hit the spot.We made a tasting a menu of our own of the small plates, the hilight of dinner being the kale with pumpkin- so good we ordered it twice!- and the arugula with blood orange, the mid points, mussels with overtly salty but tasty lemongrass broth the low points, of the beets with parmasean, just not my thingall in all, a great meal
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,3/16/2013,147,191,6,9,7>Loved the Bruce Lee. Their banh mi is a pretty huge size for $6 (in comparison to some other trailers around town that could up their sizes), and the folks that work there are super polite. I'd say maybe they could use a TINY bit more meat in their bread-to-meat ratio, but it was still good. Also pick up some tasty cakes and buns that they offer for dessert. Definitely good portions and a good kick of jalapeno.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,3/15/2013,57,216,3,11,6>This might be my new favorite pizza place!  (For the time being, anyway.  There's a new pizza place opening up in Austin every week, it seems.)Anyway, my husband and I tried this place last week for lunch on Thursday.  After taking a quick look at the menu, we decided on the focaccia with romesco as our appetizer, and then we split a pizza.  On my half, I got the rosemary potato and goat cheese pizza, and he opted for the sausage and mushroom pizza.Our appetizer came out quickly.  We munched on that and the complimentary rosemary breadsticks.  Admittedly, I wasn't a huge fan of the romesco.  It started out as a 1 or 2 star item, but the more I ate of it, the more I liked it.  Overall, I'd give it a solid 3 stars.  Next time, I'd probably just get the regular focaccia or the cannelini bean spread.While we were waiting on our pizza, one of the employees pulled out his ukulele and played a bit.  (He was playing for the other employees, since it was slow in the restaurant - we were the only people there at the time.)  It was awesome to have something like that happen.  Also, we really liked the music that was playing on the jukebox.  Not your typical Top 40 crap that I hate...  there was some Queen, some Johnny Cash, and Jimi Hendrix playing during our meal.Pizza came out...  and it was divine.  My rosemary potato and goat cheese pizza was seriously AMAZING.  Can not say enough wonderful things about this.  The pizza crust was done just right.  (It was thin crust, obviously, and chewy and crisp and was cooked perfectly in the stone oven.)  My husband loved his sausage and mushroom pizza, too.  (I had a piece - it was great, but still loved my combination better.)  He tried a piece of mine, and even said that he preferred mine just the teeniest bit more, too.I'm so glad we tried this place.  I can't wait to come back and try some of their specials, since the pics here on Yelp look wonderful.  Great pizza, guys!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,3/14/2013,228,113,9,25,19>I Love BBQI eat more bbq than your typical person.  I am not a bbq snob.  I give points for atmosphere, location, sides, freebies, the meat and nostalgia.L A BBQ was JMueller BBQ.Same team, different pit boss.John Lewis of Franklin BBQ spent 4 weeks working with John Mueller.  SO he knows both ways of doing the same thing.  He has taken the pit by the horns and kicking out bbq to drool over.Should we compare the two? Probably not, but very difficult to keep them separate this early on.Brisket: Fall apart and full of pepper.  I order the fatty end, I was in heaven!Pork Rib:  I didn't like JMueller-too tough for me.  La Barbecue....Lewis worked some sweet magic and made it fall off the bone.  I'm a fan...probably my favorite meat there.Beef Rib:   Amazing.  Same as JMueller Beef RibSausage:  not your typical BBQ sausage.  These guys are making by hand and what I would expect at Barley Swine.  Chunks of meat, cheese, and pepper.  Out of this world good.Turkey: had a slice, I'm no judge-I stick with red meatSides: lets just group them together and say they are great.  I eat meat-and the meat is out of this world.Sauce:  Much more like Louis Mueller's in Taylor.  I love this.  I only use sauce for sausage and bread dip.  It was excellent.Atmosphere:  Sat down to have my lunch and made at least 10 new friends gushing "this is the best bbq I've ver eaten"TIP:  If you dine solo-order a beef rib and a slab of cheese-You will thank me later
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,3/13/2013,127,256,8,15,14>Verges on five stars for being a time machine that transports you back a generation or two ago to a smaller, more rednecky north Austin. If Threadgill's is the stuff of legend, Ross' is the stuff of reality. The food is simple, honest, and mostly fried, seemingly untouched by the dark forces of hipsters, vegans and Sysco.They serve a chicken fried steak that you won't have to apologize to your non-Texan guests for, and have a salad bar whose tiny size and inconvenient cafeteria-line setup you'll forgive as soon as you start digging in.The obvious regulars seemed a nice blue collar bunch and did a good job of playing their part in the throwback vibe. The casual blues/country trio act didn't hurt, either. I wasn't particularly crazy about the confederate flag pickguard on the lead player's guitar, but chalked it up as part of the retro authenticity package. Warts and all, it's hard to find a place like this left anywhere in Austin.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,3/12/2013,317,152,4,8,10>I have a marching band guy....and if you know anything about marching band you know it is serious business, especially in the summer during marching band camps.  My son's bari sax had some major issues come up and made sure they had it out in 24 hours, I was so impressed.  Thank you for your help and understanding!!!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/11/2013,393,621,8,10,11>I'm reviewing a hot dog stand?  Yep.  I don't like hot dogs or sausage, and I'm reviewing this place.  There's a simple reason why.   Someone told me to try the Maine Root soda fountain here.  Being as I am a full-fledged soft drink fan, I decided to give it a try for a drink while I was in the neighborhood.I tried the Maine Root "Mexicane Cola."   Totally blown away -- it's a mild cola without a hint of artificial harshness.I'm going back for another cola -- and might try the Frito pie next time.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,3/10/2013,168,88,16,13,16>Once I went out with a guy a few times who turned out to be a total jerk, but because he introduced me to Lick, I considered it to be an even trade. That's how much I love Lick - it's an integral part of my wellbeing. As someone who has beaucoup food allergies, dessert is always difficult, but Lick has a few coconut milk flavors to accomodate the lactards among us. And they aren't just available, they are also delicious and never make you feel as though you're missing out on something. The flavors are fresh and full of someone's brain genius - Lick is an especially excellent choice for those who enjoy a more subtle, balanced sweetness and has a more refined palate than typical dessert joints. Pro tip: parking is typically super scarce, so park on one of the roads in the neighborhood behind the shop. Then take your ice cream, your date, and your romance and wander aimlessly through the streets of charming homes. Swoon city. You're welcome.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,3/9/2013,322,621,16,22,17>"Ahoy, matey!"(Gah, don't you just hate a seafood restaurant review that starts with those words...)Fishey Bizness.  Sounds about right that your trusty reviewer would eat at a place named that, doesn't it?Tucked in between Jackson Properties and Donn's Texas Barbecue on Oak Meadow Drive is this little vacant lot that is currently home to the Oak Hill Food Court Haven.Where the heck is Oak Meadow Drive, you say?  Well for those of you who have been in Austin more than a fortnight, it's right behind the old Albertson's store at the "Y" in Oak Hill.  And, for the Austifornians, it's behind the Planet Fitness at the Intersection of US 290 West and State Highway 71 West.There are two tenants at the moment, and Fishey Bizness is one of 'em.  My initial destination was Donn's, but I came back here because me and fried shrimp are besties--until I eat them--and I haven't had any in recent memory, which, for me is about two weeks.  Yes, I have developed a condition called shrimpnesia.  I get more that way.  Shrimp, that is.A pathway made of red pavers marks the way from the sidewalk to the storefront.  The trailer has been decorated nicely, and a smell of good, fresh seafood permeates the air.  There are four seemingly new wooden picnic tables painted blue with large red umbrellas.  Unfortunately, the day I went here, the umbrellas were down, because the winds were high.There are two windows -- order and pick-up.  Ordering is pretty easy because their menu is simple.  Fried shrimp, fried fish, and variations on that theme (po-boys and tacos).  Fries are the only side available, and drinks are iced tea, water, or soda.  Can't get much simpler than that.  There's a cool NFC device next to the order window, which makes things very convenient.  Which is why I paid cash.But you want to know about the food, right?  I went with the "Half and Half", which is a half-dozen fried shrimp and one-half of a fried fish filet.  This is served as a meal with a generous serving of fries and a roll, along with cocktail or tartar sauce.  I also had a couple of hush puppies thrown in with my order, which is not listed as being in the meal.How is it?  The seafood is fantastic!  It's fresh as claimed.  The shrimp are tasty, maybe not the best I've had ever, but they certainly are good.  The real surprise was the fish filet.  It was gigantic--and that was only supposed to be a half filet.  I'm more a shrimp person than a fish person, and I was blown away by the fish.  The order taker said it was black drum on the menu the day I ate there.  Both fish items were hot-hot-hot, and that's after traveling more than a mile with the AC on, having to move cars in the driveway, and prepare a quick brisket sandwich for another family member.The accompanying items were a slight let-down, only in that they did not quite match the high standard set by the seafood.  The hushpuppies were small, barely warm, and otherwise unremarkable--SYSCO grade.  The roll was also small, and definitely reminiscent of what you might get at KFC.  The fries were again a commodity item, but well fried; while certainly better than average, they did not seem to be as fresh and hot as the fish.  I guess I expected more of the fries than I had a right to because the fish and shrimp were so awesome.On to the pertinent questions:- Would I go back?  Definitely yes.- Would I make a special trip?  Quite possibly since the seafood is good and the prices are very reasonable for the portions served.  In fact, I can't think of anyone nearby who does it better, and certainly not for the price.- Would I bring my friends here?  Hell yeah!  Come to think of it, where the heck were you guys?
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/8/2013,486,215,16,14,15>PIZZA REVIEW: As a New Yorker, I'm not supposed to like this pizza. The crust is different, the toppings are weird (But wait--New Yorkers are putting all kinds of crazy stuff on their pizza these days...) and I'm supposed to have a snobby attitude and an overall disdain for this "alien" pizza. But surprisingly, I found it quite good!  Nice crust, tasty sauce, ample toppings... We ordered some kind of loaded pizza with shrimp on it. (You won me over at "shrimp") I went with my friend Martha, who is not the epicurean adventurer Your Ol' Pal Shoehead is. My motto for pizza toppings is "Get jiggy with it" Hers is "Only on half"  So half the pizza had cool stuff on it, and the other half sorta did. (At this point, you're probably asking, "Shooey, why do you even hang out with such non-epicureans?" I also ask myself that, at least once a day.)  We were both in agreement that it was a great pie, though. Washed down with a couple of ice-cold Diet Buds, and we were all set!  To get an authenticity gauge on the place, I asked my Cajun friend Bret right after I ate there what he thought of Cajun Pizza Place. "Ah don' p'tickly care fo' it!" was his response. As he hasn't the heart of a reviewer, I left it alone without further elaboration.  So as for the Cajun thing, jury's still out. (Though they do have Louisiana stuff on the walls, and I believe they serve Abita.) The Pizza, thing--I can attest, with some accreditation--is solid. And it certainly is a Place; we can all agree on that.  So this cool little joint at least 66% lives up to its name. As Martha and I were leaving, the patio was just setting up what looked like a fun little musical act.  So, good pizza, cold beer, live music... I think I'll be back to the quasi-Cajun Pizza Place.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/7/2013,315,239,28,29,25>Did I ever tell you about the time I went out on a blind date, fell in love, and never kissed another lover again? No? What about the time I tried to introduce my new boyfriend to his ex-girlfriend, wherein she rolled her eyes at us both and stomped away? Guess that must have ended badly.... Okay, how about the time I went into the new incarnation of an old bar for the first time and discovered that my college freshman year flame had evolved into Austin's dive bar mogul?  All of this and more happened to me at Barfly's.Back in the day, it was known as Charlie's Attic (a smokey biker bar) and the crusty bearded proprietor was known to climb on top of the bar at closing to lead the house in an enthusiastic round of Sweet Home Alabama. Fast forward a decade (or so), and the cloud of cigarette smoke has dissipated (good riddance!), the jukebox selection has been totally transformed (for the better; see the album list here: barflysaustin.com/?jukeb), and the cocktails are stronger than ever before at a price point that makes me dream it's still 1994 ($2.50 wells, what what?).I live on the north side, so you're more likely to catch me at The Hideout (another gem of a joint, a sister to Barfly's with a similar laid-back modus operandi), but once in a blue moon when I want to relive those glory days or happen to be in the neighborhood for a great dinner at one of the new hip spots along Airport, I'm liable to find myself climbing up those stairs to the dark little bar above Burger Tex for a trip down memory lane.Also good to know if you go: $10 minimum for credit card transactions.A limited food menu is available and the burgers aren't half bad.Other entertainments include pool, foosball, and few video games.Smokers still welcomed, they just gotta do it outside.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/6/2013,140,134,8,9,9>Naturally, as a vegan of two days, I feel like I'm the foremost authority on all vegan food. I stopped by The Vegan Nom this afternoon after seeing a flurry of reviews for this place. Two days into my veganism, I'm already looking for ways to spice things up. The Vegan Nom, with their delicious Tex-Mex tacos, did just that. I had to restrain myself from going crazy and just ordering one of everything. I settled for five tacos instead. Hey! Don't judge me...I shared two of them. It took about 20 minutes for the food to be ready but you can browse the vintage, record or skateboarding stores nearby while you wait. I had the Three Amigos, Mushroom, Spinach & Caramelized Onion taco and the Ranchero Luna. I thought all three were incredible! I had no idea a meatless taco could be so mouth wateringly delicious. The Three Amigos, with mock scrambled eggs, had a unique blend of flavors that I liked, but the person I shared it with didn't. It also had vegan country sausage, which was ok. Nothing really tasted like meat but  I didn't miss the meat at all.With such simple ingredients, the Mushroom, Spinach & Caramelized Onion taco was probably my favorite. It could have used more filling but whatever seasonings they used added just the right amount of flavor while keeping it fresh tasting. The Ranchero Luna was nice and spicy, and I loved the sprouts. The salsas served with the tacos like little crack shots. I could eat them on everything. Definitely need larger sizes of these.My foray into veganism ends in 6 weeks but I don't think I'll ever stop going to The Vegan Nom!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/5/2013,65,98,4,9,6>Before dining at Clark's I knew zilch about oysters. I've eaten here twice now and thanks to the awesome wait staff I can explain the taste complexities and origins of different oyster varieties. Delicious and educational!Everything I put in my mouth was delightful. Both times my friends and I ordered whatever looked good and when the waitress would suggest something else we'd tell her to bring it on. I even loved the Brussels sprouts despite the cringe of my inner child. These ain't your mama's sprouts, Clark's grills them on skewers and they have a fantastic meaty taste. We all loved the huge portion of Crab Louie too. Just when we thought we were done, the waitress asks if we want to order dessert so she can notify the pastry chef.  If there's a pastry chef, hell yes, we want the dessert.  The chocolate custard cake with pumpkin ice cream was irresistible. We tried the cream cheese ice cream on our following visit and it was just as amazing. Make sure you call ahead for reservations! It's a cozy place with limited seating and they are always packed, but for good reason. I made a last minute reservation and the hostess squeezed us in on a Friday night. Thirty minutes before our reservation, she actually called to let me know the party before us was lingering and we would be seated 15 minutes later. I really appreciated the call so we didn't show up to stand around.I have a feeling this will be my neighborhood spot. Maybe one day I'll have the gall to ask for a to-go box to put my pretty "sea shells" in.  ;)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/4/2013,941,369,25,27,26>I know breakfast tacos. (Torchy's be damned) And I've always had a hunch that El Primo was the morning stop I've been waiting for. And it didn't hurt that blonde Bob Dylan gave me an American Spirit while I waited for my food. *sigh - cute hipsters*The location here is PERFECT for morning happiness... Go into Once Over, grab some delicious java and step out here and let Primo make your morning tummy happy with soft, pillowy flour tortillas, perfectly scrambled eggs, crisp, salty bacon and gooey melted cheese. I have a Migas-ham taco, too, screaming at me on my desk right now. Patience, your time will come. When he asks if you want hot or mild salsa, be ready that by hot, he means HOT. In a good way. This salsa is a fabulously spicy salsa roja. Just don't rub your eye after dressing your taco like I did. It hurts so good.  I've been making morning taco stops a lot lately in search for my taco soul mate. El Primo, will you marry me? Or at least join me in heavenly union and become my Desayunamor? (Oh, snap, that'd be a good name for a breakfast taco truck! Back off, it's mine.) 2 tacos, $3.50 - price is right, portion is good, breakfast is hot, service is fast and he's really a nice guy. I need look no further.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,3/3/2013,96,97,20,20,19>OCH is magnetic in that no matter where we begin the evening, we always seem to end up here. Every separate trip here comes with its own adventure and memories. The latest trip here included:-A well tequila shot, undressed and warm- (I'm still talking about tequila here...) which earned me raised eyebrows from the always fabulous Dane. Pure gasoline, that shot.-GI Jane was most definitely there, and touched my friend every time she walked by her.-A very tall drag queen and her entourage.-A more packed dance floor than I've ever seen for OCH, with strobe lights flashing so often that I had to pause more than once and review the evening to ensure that I may have not ingested any foreign substances other than my tequila...lights had me straight trippin', yo.-A** grabbing (this doesn't really differ from any other night anywhere else, actually).-Me, showing off my moves. I'm sure they looked much better with the help of the strobe light.-Telling the gf that I had been approached by several interested parties. Of course I told them I was here with you. No, I do not need to point them out to you.-Realizing that they're awfully heavy on Trance music...maybe it's only on Saturdays? A little variety might bring a more packed dance floor more often...just sayin.OCH. Always a pleasure.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,3/2/2013,130,201,6,9,8>How have I never been to this place before last week? Because I live so stinkin' far north of it. It took an evening live music show to enlighten me, and even then I was expecting the usual coffee house show, where the band crams themselves into an awkward corner and you shout your orders above the squawky sound system. No.Strange Brew is strange perhaps because it rises above the typical coffee shop in its offerings. The main room houses the coffee and sandwich bar with a few diner-style tables. The middle, adjoining room houses rows of tables occupied with college students from nearby ACC, all studying quietly on computers and surrounded by four walls hung with the quirky paintings of a local artist. The far room has the stage, backed by heavy red velveteen curtains and strategic rack and ambient theatrical lighting, and surrounded by a nice array of tables and chairs. It's like hanging out in someone's living room for an intimate show. It reminds me of a smaller version of The Cactus on the UT campus.We ordered panini sandwiches (the veggie "Hippie" is delicious, with goat cheese, tomato, and pesto), Vickie's salt & vinegar chips, and bottomless cups of creative hot herbal teas. The craft beers were a welcome surprise as well. I noticed quiche and pastries in the case, and coffee, so it's not like you couldn't get your usual coffee shop fare if you wanted to.People who live close by are certainly lucky, because Strange Brew is open 24-7. The employees are bright and friendly, and it's a beautiful atmosphere to spend time in. I just wish they would open one up here in Four Points at the Trails at 620, or maybe in that half-empty strip mall in front of the Home Depot. We don't have a good coffee shop with a study spot, or an intimate concert venue. Hint, hint... Well, it's worth a try, anyway. Can you blame me?**mini-update: As of December 21, they have knocked out the wall between the lounge and the study area. The latter is gone, and the lounge now seats about 160 in 7 rows of chairs; no tables remain. There is a mini-bar in the back corner, and servers make the rounds for those who don't want to get up for food or drinks. You can bring food over from the cafe side.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,3/1/2013,88,115,11,21,18>None of you will know what I'm talking about, but anyhoo...If you remember Les Amis in Austin, if you remember Quackenbush's on Guadelupe, then you will LOVE this little house just as much as I do.Even if you don't recall those old Austin coffee casa's...you'll like Cenote.  They got tiny parking spaces & big hearts to fill a cozy space.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/28/2013,38,57,8,11,12>Reading the other reviews I couldn't help but have a pre-conceived notion of what this place would be like.I was thinking Sunday night at the bingo hall, mixed with Country dance hall, and a splash of funky Austin bar thrown in for good measure.I was right on. I came on a Friday night about 10:30 and the place was fifty percent full with the geriatric crowd. The silver foxes were out in full force for sure.Seriously I half expected to see a retirement home bus parked outside.But they were an excellent crowd to have a few drinks with although I was a little intimidated to join on the dance floor with them. They got moves like an elderly jagger and I can't compete with that.The other half of the crowd was the same sort you may find at the ginger man or one of the other more laid back bars in town. Pleasant people all around.The drinks are entirely reasonable. Most of the cocktails appeared to be a very thrifty five dollars ( try to order from the female waitress, she seemed to have a slightly heavier hand than the others at least while I was there).Although it was busy, it was definitely not too packed. Our group of 6 was able to push together two tables and have a pleasant conversation (even over the live band that was playing).Speaking of the band, they were great. A group of older guys who rocked the hits spanning multiple decades. Not too loud and gave the people what they wanted (which was usually just something they could dance to).Great place for a laid back night out for all ages.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/27/2013,724,628,5,17,10>Painting the exterior of our home made me positively neurotic. I obsessed about colors, fretted over details like which parts of the trim and fascia to paint a contrasting color and which not to, had a zillion questions about paint types, warranties, etc., had to ask them to work around a roof repair, a garage door replacement, and a front door replacement, and generally was kind of a pain(t) in the butt to deal with. CertaPro met my neuroses with calm acceptance and great patience. Every step of the way, they were professional, responsive, prompt, and competitively-priced. So much so that I had them out a second time to stain a new fence we had built. A couple of times, we miscommunicated about details related to the jobs, and both times, our sales rep, Nathan, handled the situation with great diplomacy and made it right. I think sometimes you can tell more about a company from how they react when there's a problem than how they seem when everything is going perfectly; CertaPro shone in that department.In short, CertaPro gets the job done, and they do it well. I was very pleased with the work that they did for us and would definitely use them again.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,2/26/2013,285,397,8,15,13>What a bargain!  I'll shop here for bread from now on!The place is tucked away and a tiny little spot, but a treasure worth finding!Bread is cheap and I mean CHEAP and when you have a son that eats PB&J like mine does, that's a definite plus.If you spend $6, you can even choose something for free from the manager's shelf.  I ended up getting a bag of yummy 7 grain orowheat bread for free.  *SCORE!The folks inside a nice, polite and get you in and out in to time flat.  Again, the place isn't big, so the merchandise amounts vary from visit to visit, but I won't go anywhere else for bread anymore.Thanks, Mrs. Bairds... pure genius.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/25/2013,132,35,10,11,11>I came here to celebrate Perry's Review of the Day with a bevy of other Yelpers. I was initially taken aback by the contemporary design aspect, and the thousands of wine bottles on racks lining the walls. Truth be told I couldn't even focus on the menu for the first five or ten minutes. I believe I was twitterpated by the subtle ambiance that Vino Vino had to offer.The only qualm I have with this place is that they don't have enough of a beer selection, but seeing as how the name is Vino Vino I can't hold that against them. They have a LARGE wine selection; That should serve as compensation for those with a thirst that water cannot tame. With that being said:The food is truly phenomenal. After much deliberation I decided on a Wagyu beef slider & fries that did NOT suck. The slider came on a delicious little bun that seemed like beer bread, and the fries came with a hollandaise dipping sauce that I much enjoyed. Let's not forget about the glorious splendor of the Mussels in a white wine cream sauce. It even comes with little bread rounds with which to soak up the delicious sauce. I found myself stuffed from the plentiful bounty of the appetizer menu alone. It's meals like this that convince me that there must be a god. Maybe it was just Dionysus?  The serving staff was amazingly attentive and willing to cater to discerning palates. Although formal by design, I'm sure you could go there either dressed casually, or to the 9's. I wore a lavender dress shirt to demonstrate my massive endowment, seeing as how I was meeting new people. :) I have zero regrets when it comes to Vino Vino, except that I've only been there once, which is entirely insufficient. So get your Vino on and grab some delicious grub while you're at it! You can thank me later.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/24/2013,436,460,15,19,17>It's like the 400 Rabbits of Casino El Camino. We walked in to the fresh smell of wood stain. This place is dark and the lighting is soft.  How can you not love those padded doors? They will make your inebriated stumble out of there much more pleasant! Speaking of...$3.50 any shots all the time?  And 'boom goes the dynamite', vato.  They have a patio in the back, but I didn't see it because my ass was too comfy in my red padded chair. Minus one star b/c they don't have a kitchen, but I heard talk about a food truck in the works.WTF Moment: No purse hooks. :(
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/23/2013,246,155,23,17,14>Ruhvoo bai Lilleh n Bayleh. But reely bai Lilleh cuz Mom sez Bayleh wuz jus doptd n duznt no how to rite yet.Ah luhz Dohghaws Dinkry fur deez reezuns:Wun. Lotsuh butts tuh snif.Too. Lotsuh rum to play wif mah bruddur, Bayleh. N wen Bayleh iz laym n wunts to sit wif Mom n Dad, ah haz uddur frens to play wif. Foh. Watur iz ohwayz kleen danks to nise ohnerz.Faiv. Mom n dad laik dah dinks frum dah bar. Whas a dink n whas a bar? Welz, ah donno cuz dey nevur let meh haz enee. It duznt seem az kool az mah stikz tho.Mom's tip: Doghouse Drinkery currently does not have a liquor license, so the beer and wine are free. Bring cash and tip generously- these people are great!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/22/2013,325,414,7,13,12>"I've been thinking about these leftovers all day."When you say that the next day, you know the food is good. And the leftovers were good. I just wish I ate less last night so I'd have more today!I like to think I'm really smart about a lot of things. But when it comes to Indian food, I'm never quite sure what to order. I stood in the front entry way a few minutes and looked at all the options. I finally figured out what I wanted--Dhingri Mattar Paneer. It was delicious. I ordered medium spiciness, but it did not seem spicy at all. My cousin got a curry at medium spiciness and hers was much spicier. I would have liked mine a bit spicier, but the flavor was still delicious. I also ordered some garlic naan, which toasted up perfectly the next day in the toaster oven. This was some delicious Indian goodness. I for sure will be back. Now...do I go with what I know (which I am apt to do) or branch out and try something new??  Guess I'll have to go soon and find out how my taste buds try to sway me!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/21/2013,120,239,11,18,15>So glad that there is a great place to eat in the Hill Country Galleria. Though this place is hidden it is worth the find. It's right across from Amy's Ice Cream. Yelpers don't lie. GET the LOMITO BEEF SANDWICH. When you see it you'll think "No effing way this could be tasty" Don't be fooled, this little non-nondescript sandwich will blow your mind. The beef is unbelievably tender. Add a little chimmichuri and you are good to go. Goes to show you the simplest ingredients when prepared right is all you need. The portions are generous and the fries are on my top 10 list. I say this in the nicest way..but they remind me of McDonalds fries..thin, crispy, addicting and they don't make you sick after eating them all. The empanadas were also fantastic. The flaky dough is the perfect housing for these delicious bombs. Our absolute favorite is the spicy beef, second runner up is the spinach because I like to feel somewhat healthy after eating crispy butter dough and a plate full of fries.The decor: Like me: cozy and a little fancy at the same time ;)Re-Cap: Yelpers don't lie. GET the LOMITO BEEF SANDWICH.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/20/2013,238,365,12,7,8>I love Hopfield's.But I am slightly ashamed of my love.Because my love is based on their burger.Except I'm a pescatarian.Who occasionally eats burgers. I'm so messed up. Regardless, they make a really tasty burger. They put camembert on it for god's sake. CAMEMBERT! Have you ever had camembert? It's delicious. Since it was the only burger I've had in a year, I can honestly say, "Hands down, best burger in Austin in 2012!"
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,2/19/2013,146,147,10,9,8>If you are going to eat at Julio's, you need to order something with chicken in it.  Chicken nachos, chicken enchilada, chicken taco, chicken chalupa, chicken quesadilla, 1/2 chicken special, 1/4 chicken special, chicken fajita....  Need I go on?What is that?  You ordered the beef and it was just ok and a little greasy.  Well, I told you--get the chicken!!...and like everyone else has already pointed out--cash only.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/18/2013,309,299,5,12,7>We went here after the Armadillo Bizarre for some brunch, I'd heard the High Tea was great so we decided to get that. We were informed they usually want you to call in advance if your doing the high tea but that they would fix it for us anyway. The atmosphere here is so relaxed and cushy, I hate coffee shops but this place just feels so homey.. the free Wi-Fi helps with that. I think I could sit in here all day and just read.High Tea is a three tiered platter of deserts.. very very very good deserts. It also comes with some finger sandwiches, of which the cucumber variety are to die for. The deserts are off the chain good! I cant say enough great things about the food here. I don't know the names of most of the snacks, but suffice to say that with my London Fog Tea they all paired wonderfully. I think full English  high tea is such a good experience you could bring out of town guests here and they would leave flabbergasted and impressed. Do your self a favor and if you haven't been here check it out! I also here they have incredible fat back bacon that is made in house.. I haven't gotten around to trying this yet but I will soon!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/17/2013,398,533,5,15,10>Eleven Things great things about Eleven Plates.1) Occasional Groupons2) Reservations on Open Table 3) Shareable plates are always more fun4) Gorgeous 2nd floor balcony to enjoy the Westlake sunset5) The grilled asparagus salad - it had more non-asparagus items than I expected but still good6) The scallops - you'll hardly ever hear me complain about scallops though. 7) The delicious grilled corn side that came with the scallops8) The mac and cheese side - generous and filling but not heavy9) The sautéed spinach appetizer 10) Happy, friendly servers11) Bread pudding for dessert
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/16/2013,151,233,3,10,9>So when Sole, our daughter, had to make a decision about where to have her birthday dinner, she recalled a story her mom told her about this amazing dessert she had at lunch once at Swift's Attic. Popcorn and a movie - which consists of Caramel Popcorn, Root-beer gel... So she decided she wanted to eat there. A veteran of such awesome places like Barley Swine, she is an 11 year old Foodie.So I made reservations on Open Table... We arrived early, and were one of the first tables in the restaurant. So let me get some of the obvious out of the way. ... Ricardo our server was excellent, he explained the style of service/plating we were to expect, we let him say his thing, even though we are not new to this type of dining... in fact we love it...So after some drink orders, BTW - get the Champampaloma Bawombamboo -- excellent drink....Pickles, Olives, Pop Rock Edamame, Blistered Shishitos, Banh Minis with Fois Grois Mousse and  pork belly slab, Goat cheesy poof with goat meat, Serrano Ham  with cranberry mostarda and crema fresca, Pork Cheek with fig spread on sourdough, and for dessert - Fried Brie and Apples, The aforementioned Root-beer gel dessert and from the staff for the b day - Chocolate 7 ways which had chocolate pop rocks as one of the ways....Are u kidding me...All in all a great dinner with great service.They also serve lunch.Enjoy!!!!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,2/15/2013,235,240,8,7,3>This place is my new favorite. The ambiance here is nice and cozy, but classy as well. We had a private room when we came here and it was totally worth it. Order those table-side drinks! It's fascinating watching them make them and holy hell... they are sooooo good. $12 for a drink seems like a lot, but they are strong and yum and totally worth it. The staff here are pretty great as well - super knowledgeable and very friendly! Definitely my new favorite place in town. The Leagues do it again!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/14/2013,100,112,6,9,8>Those who know me, know that I have a slight addiction to Home Slice pizza... It's 10 am in the morning and if someone brought me Home Slice pizza, I would scarf it down!!  When I want to enjoy eating this deliciousness in the comfort of my own home, we order our pizza to go from More Home Slice.99% of the time when we call from either of our cell phones, the person who answers, already knows the name for the order. When you enter More Home Slice, there is a separate line for carry out orders- I really appreciate that!  This means less time my pizza sits while I wait in line. There is even a bowl of smarties there for you :)The biggest downfall is the parking. It can be fairly difficult to find a spot, and a little frustrating when you only need the spot for 2 min. But that's why you double team it and get dropped off!!  I do wish More Home Slice offered a delivery service, but we can't have it all. The pizza is worth the trip to me!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,2/13/2013,23,70,4,7,5>Austin pizza is our go to place for delivery. They have a modest dining room, but this seems to be more of an accommodation. They are clearly oriented towards carry out or delivery.We really like the pizza. Some of their specials are very creative (we particularly liked the Hobbit - roasted red po-ta-toes, mushrooms, spinach, bacon, rosemary, and Alfredo sauce). You can order and pay online and they have good weekly specials.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/12/2013,239,180,19,11,10>What. Just happened to me? Ruined, I tell you. Spoiled rotten forever. I didn't even realize I spoke enough Spanish to have to rely on it, but I gotta pat myself on the back cuz I made it through in a language I am far from fluent in. How do you know it's authentic? Because they don't even speak English to the blondie honkey nerd.  I ordered plain cheese enchiladas.  (Obviously the yardstick standard for Tex Mex, right? Right.)Enchiladas ain't never gonna be the same again.Tejano at eardrum piercing volume and we were the only ones there?  I really just don't care.  Stab my ears out but give me that damned food.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,2/11/2013,8,62,8,11,5>My first move I went with craigslist, hoping to save a few bucks. That experience was like an old Russian saying - "We're too poor to be cheap." Between bumping my things through elevator doorways until they fit (*note: glass doesn't bend to accommodate frames) and losing parts to furniture that can only be replaced by building a factory in China, those movers cost me significantly more than they saved. Now, I may or may not have made up the "old Russian saying" part, and read that inside a gas station bathroom stall somewhere, but the wisdom applies.  Next move, I decided to turn to the ants.I thought their name was a joke until watching one of their guys heave a heavy queen size mattress up two flights of stairs single handedly. At lease I think he used hands, may very well have been mandibles for that feat of superhuman strength. I tried moving it alone after he left and succeeded in lifting it an inch then dropping it onto my kitchen table, costing me two plates and a lamp. Can't blame the movers for that one. So back to the movers - the hybrid ant-movers are courteous, efficient, and get the job done fast. They finished what could have been a 3 hour job in half the time, then offered to help set up the furniture.If you need things moved at a reasonable price by knowledgeable guys, look no further.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,2/10/2013,94,126,11,5,7>So, on Tuesday I finally got the cojones to make an appointment to find out why I'm having pain in the area of my 14th tooth (upper deck, left side). I'd been having some cold sensitivity for a while, and just recently it's been causing me pain when I drink beer. I'll repeat that: IT F**KING HURT TO DRINK BEER. This aggression can't stand, man.I know, what does this have to do with a brewpub that serves pizza? Follow my line of logic...I was in need of some sedation before the dental chair. They make beer. It was good and strong. A pint of their Admiralty Stout, and I was ready to face Dr. Evil and his sharks with friggin' dental drills attached to their heads. They have MANY more beers on tap, and I won't wait for another scary procedure before I try them.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,2/9/2013,184,302,10,11,11>Yes!  Finally, a re-do done right.Whereas the money-grubbing lowlifes running the Austin Music Hall turned a marginal establishment into an homage to crappy acoustics and rude, shitty service, the Moody Theatre is doing it right.There really isn't a bad seat in the house, I've now seen two bands and a comedy act there and can say without hesitation that I love seeing shows at the Moody.Bars and bathrooms are plentiful and easily-found, the acoustics for the two music shows I saw (Wilco and Explosions in the Sky) were excellent, and for the comedy act (Louis CK) even in the balcony you could hear and see everything perfectly.Well done, Moody... [golf clap]
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/8/2013,111,378,6,6,8>Dinner party with yelpers? Yes, please!Keri B. invited several of us to "her" restaurant (if anyone else is the Dutchess, there are problems ahoy) on a chilly Saturday night. It's been a long time since this has happened, but every single bite was DELICIOUS! I can't believe that interesting, fresh "Asian" food is coming out of a kitchen that shares a side wall with a SuperTarget. Hits of the night: Tiger Cry Beef (so tender, go click on Keri's 18 photos of this dish), grilled escolar white fish, and glaaaaazed ribs. I've been on a low-sugar diet lately and I was ready to suck each and every one of those bones dry. Mmmmm.The appetizers are all fried, but worth ordering. We're really looking forward to coming back and ordering "the full spin." Our waitress wouldn't let us have the candied bacon without ordering that dinner (fair enough, it's made to order and they might run out.) And run out, they did! By the end of our meal, most of the pork dishes had made their way to the dining room. But everyone looked and sounded happy, so we gladly tried other options. These folks know how to make spicy dishes, but don't be afraid. My Tiger didn't make me cry too much (on request), but I knew to avoid the wicked chili oil hiding under the papaya salad.Yelp stars check: pleasant waitress, good options at all meal points, fancy prices that don't hurt TOO much for a nice meal, and things I want to order next time. Win!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/7/2013,60,38,5,10,8>I came here for New Year's Eve, and I'm definitely a fan! Atmosphere - very different vibes in each of the sections that they have (I think 3 sections in total). I was seated in the very back, which was a more relaxed environment. Apple cider drink - Whipped cream, apple cider, and my memory fails me in attempting to remember what else was in this alcoholic drink, but it was on the Happy Hour specials. SOMETHING was definitely in there to make it a pretty strong drink, though. Duck fat fries - overrated, sadly. I love fries so much, but these were definitely overhyped. They're just like normal fries...and the bearnaise sauce was just ok. I wish the fries had come with a better dipping sauce. Brussels sprout leaves - NOT overrated. With all the brussels sprouts craze right now, it's hard to distinguish yourself when you have brussels sprouts on the menu. But these were quite delicious AND unique! The leaves were crunchy and made this a light dish as opposed to most brussels sprouts dishes (which are usually fried). In addition, the raisins added a slightly sweet taste to the dish. Bananas foster beignets - I love all things beignets, so naturally I had to try this out. First of all, HUGE portions. I mean HUUUUUGE. Like not the size of normal beignets that you'd expect from Cafe du Monde...these were more like big apple turnover sized beignets. This comes with 2 beignets, which is plenty for two or probably even three people to share. I would say that these were not the best I've had, but they were okay. Innovative idea, but not well executed. The beignets were a wee bit dry, and there wasn't quite enough nutmeg ice cream to finish both beignets. I couldn't really taste the bananas foster part of it either. Overall, I'd definitely come back here again to try some of the other items on the menu. I'd recommend coming for Happy Hour because their specials are da bomb dot com! Wide selection of appetizers and drinks, and all for $4?! Please and thank ya!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,2/6/2013,209,219,10,16,8>It was love at first sight...literally.  The husband took me here for our anniversary dinner.++  And as we drove up, I squealed.  I love the converted craftsman cottage thing around that part of Austin.  Even better was the clean and minimal euro bistro design to the exterior and interior.    We were eating early to catch a show, so when our waitress informed us about the HH and champagne specials, my head nearly exploded.  I love bubbles ( thanks to AbFab) almost more than I love eating.  We got their charcuterie board and escargot to start.  The escargot was pretty par for the course.  Bake anything in butter and garlic and you've got a winner.  The meat board was deeeelish!  I loved the pate and the terrine. We also had the marrow soup, which was simple yet satisfying.  Perfect if you're feeling under the weather. For dinner, we got the schnitzel and the scallops.  The schnitzel was good and the scallops perfectly cooked and went swimmingly well with the citrus salad.  To finish, we got the chocolate mousse.  Awesome!Even the good to great food aside, there was something so fraking charming about this place that I can't help smiling and salivating when I think of it.  Just like love!++This is always a prickly subject for us, not because we hate each other, but because I love to hate on places and vocalize my hate for places.  That causes him to hate the place and then we both wonder if we hadn't been better off eating Ling Ling dumplings from Costco.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/5/2013,68,205,6,12,11>Once upon a time, the bigwigs behind the often-excellent Monument Cafe had an epiphany:  "You know what Georgetown needs? Another Mexican restaurant! If you want tacos, enchiladas, rice, and beans in this town, you are out of luck, and that just ain't right."We've all heard this story before. If there's anything we don't need in this town, it's yet another dingy strip center Tex Mex joint pumping out institution-grade tacos and cloying sour mix hangoveritas.Here lies the genius of El Monumento, a place that takes a familiar, crowd-pleasing concept and elevates it just enough to stand out and enrich the nascent Georgetown food scene.Let's start with the restaurant itself. The grounds are gorgeous:  a modern, sprawling building that combines a variety of airy dining rooms, outdoor seating areas, spendy landscaping, and cool water features. El Monumento has made a massive investment here, and, come warm weather, the patios will be jumping. The food is just ambitious enough to rise above the pack. The braised short rib enchiladas are a nice example;  a familiar staple with a spiffy twist. A commitment to use some locally farmed ingredients is a welcome change. Menu prices were quite low overall for an "up-casual" place like this.I like El Monumento, and I'm glad it's in Georgetown. The far north culinary wasteland just got a little less barren.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/4/2013,392,291,19,17,17>I'm afraid of ledges, but not for the reason you would think one would be afraid of ledges. It's not the vertigo feeling you get by looking over. It's the dialogue within my brain that says, "Jump? Don't Jump? Jump? Don't Jump? Jump? Don't Jump?" Freud was right when he wrote about the death wish.  I just don't like putting myself in that type of situation knowing that the one thing between me and flying off the edge is a nervous twitch.So, one would naturally think I would be too scared to jump out of an airplane. I had a friend who deserved an awesome and memorable birthday present. I told her I was taking her to San Marcos, but didn't say what for. She was the kind of person who could sit on ledges and think nothing of it.It took a while after we showed up to get us signed in and into our jump suits. But after we got into our suits, it took minutes to get 10,000 feet into the air. It was a tad surreal as the door came open for us to jump. Life seemed to speed up really quickly and there was no room for turning back. My friend said she could hear me as I duck walked to the edge and fell off the side, "FFFFUUUUUUU..............."Life slows down as soon as you start falling. It's like your brain switches off for a few seconds and you fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall, and fall........................then reality kicks back in and you think, "Shouldn't the parachute have opened by now................well it looks like I'm gonna die ................. .........................................," And then the chute opens and your harness cradles you by the balls and you float the rest of the way like a baby in a papoose. It's truly a great feeling and a good gift idea too.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/3/2013,611,369,10,14,11>Who else gives you oysters for brunch? (And Riptide oysters, not Gulf oysters, at that.) Sure, they're not on the brunch menu, but the entire menu is available during brunch, so go nuts! The salsa is extra fresh, and swimming with cilantro. I'm a cilantro fiend, so this works well for me. I went through about 2.5 bowls of salsa (without finishing a basket of chips!). That's telling.My partner had some sort of extra spicy steak enchiladas. He said he had to suck down mimosas to balance the heat on that dish, and that's find because the mimosas were $2 and bloodies were only $5. Oh, and because we love spicy stuff. I was half expecting Micheladas to be a "safe, bland Tex-Mex joint," but the fact that they kicked things up a notch made me extra happy. I ordered a shrimp taco (great price!) and loved it. I felt uber healthy, and uber happy after having it. I only had the one taco, but that's all I needed. I was full, and my partner was STUFFED. Go on a weekend, or even for happy hour. The frozen margs are nice and tart, and the patio is HUGE!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,2/2/2013,149,298,6,13,6>As a rule of thumb, I do not go to grand openings. I don't even like going to restaurants in the first month they're open, never mind the first day. But my friends were SO EXCITED about this place. "We have to go! Beer! Sausage! AHHHHH! WE MUST GO NOW!" (That is an exact replication of what they sounded like.) So against my will, I go.And man was I impressed! This place has their act together. And it was busy. Like, really busy, we had to wait for a table. Yeah, they have a hostess. And yeah, they have servers. Those of you who are familiar with Rainey St are probably like, "What? What is that? A server you say? I don't have to get up to go to the bar?" NO! AMAZING! We sat on the patio, and had a wonderful view of the dog park. Who has a dog park on a patio? These guys do. Now let's discuss food. Specifically, let's discuss fried pickles. I know what you're thinking, "This place is called Bangers? Like massive sausage party? Hello?"Yes, my sausage was great. I got a spicy Italian with spicy mustard and caramelized onions on a kolache bun. The kolache bun was to die for. I wanted to sleep in it and eat my way out. I also had a few bites of my various friends' sausages, equally delicious. And when they say spicy, they mean spicy people.But the pickles. I'm telling you, order the pickles fried. I don't know what kind of magical thing they're doing in the kitchen here, but they were crunchy and amazing and I would like to chomp down on them WHILE escaping from my imaginary kolache cave. Oh yeah and there was beer. I mean, "there was beer" is a huge understatement because they have like a gajillion taps and you're just staring at the menu like in a panicky way because there are SO MANY CHOICES and so little time. I stuck to some fruity/girly wheat beer, and it was all delicious. Banger's is pretty heavenly. You just sit outside on a kickass patio, fried pickle in one hand, beer in the other, staring off at the dogs frolicking in the distance and you just think to yourself, "Am I dreaming?"
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,1/31/2013,61,227,2,11,8>I have Beth C. and Heather Barclay to thank for hair that I love. I was referred to Heather after approaching Beth at a Yelp event...Cut 1 with Heather - she nailed it.  I have never left a hair appt before and instantly loved it.  She talked me through the entire cut and all the whys, so I fully understood my cut and style.  She also talked me out of cut, and was completely right.  I got home, looked at my hair, and thought "it's perfect". Cut 2 + plus color - I haven't highlighted my hair in years, and was a little gun shy (with my brother's wedding approaching I didn't want hair that I was unsure about).  But I figured if my color was anything like my 1st cut, it would be perfect.  And it's amazing. It is exactly what I wanted.  Can I call Heather a hair whisperer?  Because she is.  She just gets it.  If you have ever struggled with your hair, go here.  And even if you love your hair, go here, and I'm willing to bet you will love it even more.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/30/2013,289,450,7,11,10>First off, I just wanted to say how much I HATED Beauty Bar.  That said, this is COMPLETELY different.  Long gone is the hipster hang out stink bomb that was on 7th and Red River and newly born is this gem of a venue.  I got to see an amazing Doom metal show here a few weeks ago and as sad as it was to be under attended it made up for it in space, sound and awesomeness. The staff working here was genuinely nice and cool.  The layout is pretty awesome.  Nice size stage with top of the line sound and lighting in it.  It was LOUD.  The drink prices were on par with most of the venues in the same leagues.  Also, to the drunkes 6 frat boys and your annoying girlfriends that kept trying to 'mosh' at a Doom Metal show, you're lucky you didn't get murdered in there.  Also, thanks to the crew for breaking up the eventual 'brawl' and kicking out those jackasses that should've been a bit less idiotic.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/29/2013,739,709,40,25,33>I'm no Jane Goodall, but she's always been a bit of a hero for me.  I wanted to be her as a child.  I fantasized about being an animal researcher and working for National Geographic to the point that I once took a notebook and followed my Siamese cat around all day.  This was my entry:10:00 sleeping in sun11:00 bathing in sun12:00 sleeping again1:00 changed position, yawned, sleeping againThat's when I changed career plans.  I no longer wanted to be an animal scientist.  I wanted to be a cat.But, I made one more attempt at Jane Goodall research and visited the Monkey's Nest.  I crept into the place, parking stealthily in the lot and entered the nest with downcast eyes trying not to make eye contact with the native family.  I was expecting some screeching or even grunting, but it was actually pretty quiet in there.  There was no grooming even and certainly no poo throwing.  Everything was peaceful.Tentatively I looked at their diet, expecting berries and nuts.  Imagine how surprised I was to find breakfast tacos!  The Mediteranean was especially delicious, made with spinach, potatos, eggs and feta.  And lo and behold, these monkeys love their coffee!  I tried their splendid Nutty Irish with hazelnut and it was not only delicious but it was beautifully presented with a leaf inscribed in the foam.  I was shocked to find such civilized monkeys!  They are fast approaching us on the evolutionary scale.  Next they'll be reinventing the (cheese) wheel.  Jane would be so proud!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,1/28/2013,155,309,9,13,10>I find the newest mexican food joint in Manchaca to be a WINNER, but first....did you know there are no less that 4 mexican food restaurants in Manchaca? Whaaaaat.... doesn't Manchaca have like 129 people in it? Wow!! Seems like a LOT to me.Well, there ARE (...btw, this does NOT include 2 taco trailers!) 4 mexican food restaurants here including - and in order of finish (La Tapatia, Mi Ranchito, Texican Cafe and Macho Taco). Note: Only Texican has a bar/beers, since all others are within 500ft. of Manchaca Elementary school - so let's hear a big BOO for TABC!!So far, here is why we like La Tap the best; - Kids plate is reasonably priced at only $3.59. My wife found out that if she asks nicely, they will even let her order the 2 enchilada kids plate!! Shhhhhhh yall!! - chips and hot sauce (which which has cilantro AND a kick to it!) are addicting, - Their chile con carne sauce is the Taps! Since my wife likes a good chile con carne sauce, it MUST be thick, brown, meaty and have a rich flavor(.....and yes, TWSS...LOL). Obviously, their carne sauce works especially well on the beef and the cheese enchiladas. - Combination plates (with 2 meats) are around $6.99 and include, rice, beans, avacado and tomato slices and tortillas. My son Grant (11) and I both get these and after 2 trips here we have found we like their chicken, pork, and carne guisada. - 3 breakfast tacos are $2.99 - which is a great price! - They have an extensive menu that affords LOTs of choices for every palate. - Aguas Frescas - both the pineapple and mango are very refreshing. - For us, this is good, cheap mexican food - which is harder to find these days than a Republican legislature that supports women's healthcare. ;-)So while La Tapatia is the newest kid on the block in FAR South Austin, we certainly hope they are here to stay!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/27/2013,151,285,1,14,6>I was lucky enough to get to attend the Aston Martin Skyfall premiere here on 11/07, a couple days before they officially open.    Unlike Alamo or iPic, these guys have taken a hybrid approach to the upscale theater.    Instead of having only theaters with food and drink service, they've broken up the showing rooms into 6 regular theaters for movies and another 4 or 5 for the complete food and drink experience.    The lobby is upscale with a large food/candy/popcorn counter but to one corner of the room is a full bar as well.   You have order drinks while waiting for your movie to start and then take them into the theater.    If you just want a movie and a popcorn, no problem there either.    We didn't get to try the food or venture into the full experience rooms, but the standard theaters are really nice.   The projection screen was absolutely gigantic - bigger than I've seen elsewhere in Austin other than the Imax.   They have extremely comfortable seats with high head rests and the slope between seats is pretty extreme, resulting in no blocked views for anyone in the place.    I'm looking forward to trying to food once they officially open, but snack bar freebies (hot dog in a blanket) were excellent!    Highly recommended for someone looking for an alternative to the other theaters like this in town, or if you live out by the lake.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/26/2013,36,5,28,23,25>"Into The Fray"Some of you may know me as Keri B's hubby,  otherwise known as her Plus 1. Many of you who do know me in the Yelp community have asked me "so Keri B's hubby, when are you going to write a review?"  I realize that some of the community do know my real name, but I use the Keri B's hubby moniker to illustrate that until I have a few reviews under my belt why should anyone know my real name. Why should I sit quietly by,  ( actually unquietly, you've seen us party, right. Holler!), while Keri B does all the work, so here I go Into The Fray. Pardon me while I whip this out. So I'm turning 50. Calm down, simmer down now, I know it's shocking. I don't look a day over 49, but I am. Most of you have heard the trials and tribulations of my attempt to become Mr Universe and to take Keri B down with me. She tagged along with me on that adventure kicking and screaming, "Via Con Pollo". No I didn't make any magazine covers, but hey, I look decent in a t-shirt now and no one got hurt, except me, which is usually how my exploits turn out. Which takes me to my latest exploit, wild hair, why in the hell did you do that("cause I'm 50 and I can kiiick") adventure. I got a new tattoo. A new tattoo refers to having more than one. Yes I have one already so getting another throws me into the Fray of all the other multi tattoo wearers. Having one tattoo is cool, sexy, fun. Having more than one, well that takes you to a "whole nuther levah". Its means you've decided to make your skin a canvas for your own expression and feelings, you've nutted up and laughed pain in the face, cuz there is plenty of it. You've conquered some demons and said to hell with it, lets do this thang. For those that went hell bent for leather and got a tattoo on the spur of the moment. I applaud your grit, shoot first ask questions later attitude. Me, I planned it, which takes me to the real meat and taters of this review. The Inkery, 1201 W 6th St. Suite D, Austin, TX. Owner and artist extraordinaire, Scott Spencer. I met Scott a few months ago when my BFF Laura got her tattoo. After talking to Scott and seeing his work I knew this was the artist I wanted to ink my bear. Yes I said bear as in grizzly bear. We went through several designs. Keri B put the kibosh on anything that looked fierce. We finally came up with an image and then we changed it. Scott explained to me how the design should look and how it would appear on my arm so the design he had in mind turned out perfectly and Keri B loved it, Thank god Scott had the foresight to change my design, otherwise my bear design that I wanted would have looked like a rat trying to crap a football.  To say Scott is a tattooist is an understatement. To say Scott is an artist that uses the human skin as his canvas would be more accurate. Scott is a true artist and professional at his craft. If you are planning to get some ink on your bodeyy please do yourself a favor and go consult with Scott at The Inkery. I'm damn glad I did. Do I plan on doing something crazy for my B'day like jumping out of a moving airplane while drinking whiskey, uh no. I'm sure there is some kind a law against that. Would I get another tattoo from Scott, Hell Yes and once more into the Fray!Disclaimer: Keri B did not write or help me write this, so if you don't like it blame her.The mentioning of people that are hell bent for leather and shoot first and ask questions later is purely spontaneous. No bears, chickens, rats or other quadrapeedal or bi-peedal aminals were hurt in the writing of this review. Fax mentis incendium gloria cultum," et cetera, et cetera..."Memo bis punitor delicatum!" It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! Good Day!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/25/2013,312,517,6,12,9>Likes:- Lack of music or quiet music when there is music- Good Americano coffee- Friendly, smiling service- Unique loft design- Decent variety of pastries and foodDislikes:- Concrete Floor- Incredibly sticky tables from which I had to peel papers off of- Wobbly tables- The industrial atmosphere with its abundance of sound-bouncing surfaces- Ordering system where you place your order at the back left of the first floor and then get your drinks from the center drink-making area
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/24/2013,198,276,18,17,17>I may or may not still be recovering from what took place in my mouth. I am having a hard time even coming up with the words to describe the awesomeness that occurred here. A few suggestions: 1. Be hungover....this is excellent hangover food. 2. Unless you have a stomach the size of a hippo's....you might want to split an entree. I see you rolling your eyes at me...."how dare you, I've got this!!"....the thing is, if you're like me....you're going to want to taste a bunch of different things...dessert, for sure. So, save yourself some room!3. DO NOT come here and worry about what you're putting in your mouth...it will only mar the experience that is Gourdough's. Just don't do it. Start your diet over tomorrow...but for today, enjoy. 4. Since you split an entree (because you've followed my sage advice), try some of the sides. I highly recommend the side salad, potato salad, and fried okra....and since those are the only sides we tried...I feel confident saying that you can't go wrong with the sides. Oh, but don't order chips...I think most of the sandwiches/burgers come with them, but ask to be sure....they are perfection.5. If you leave without trying one of the dessert donuts, we can't be friends....don't even try sending me a friend request, you'll be denied. 6. Do not plan anything except lots of snoozing on the couch for after your visit. You won't be able to do anything else. I felt food drunk when we left....I wasn't even completely sure I'd be able to drive. I can't wait to bring my brother and mom here....and everyone else that visits....this will be on the list for visitors for sure. It's not just a hype thing "woo hooo....food on donuts!!" ....it's actually delicious food and great service. Oh my gosh, I almost forgot our amazing server. I am horrible with names and even went without saying thank you when she refilled my water a few times because I was so engrossed in the food (I apologized later, she said she understood, this must be a common occurrence). I can't wait to go back and try some of the others....there's one with creamed corn and candied jalapenos, another with chicken fried steak and habanero jelly....and a pulled pork with potato salad....ugh...slipping into a food coma just thinking about it!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/23/2013,4221,482,17,13,22>I heart-heart bananas. I heart-heart chocolate. I heart nuts. I heart oreos. I heart graham crackers. So that means........I heart The Afternoon Delight (3 dips coated w/ topped w/ nuts and graham crackers)I heart-heart "The Cookie Crumble" (1 dip + oreos + chocolate chips).  It was my favorite for sure.  And I heart-heart-heart patience and quality customer service, so these girls rock!  My doggie pulled a Houdini on my ass while I was about to relay my order so I had to abruptly leave the line to track her mini boxer-ass down.  When I finally did and got back there line had doubled in size.  Ugh.  Much to my surprise the girls asked the crowd if it was okay if they took my order first - - wow, how nice!  Thanks for lookin' out!It's good to know that these chicks with cold 'n hard potassium sticks w/ nuts got your back!Bananas are the perfect food, and that means Bananarchy is the perfect treat.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/22/2013,704,840,20,25,25>What I love about Hopdoddy Burger Bar:1.  The gluten free "bun" is a deee-licious giant biscuit thing that someone's grandma bakes fresh in the kitchen every day.2.  They serve natural no-bad-shit-in-it happy beef handformed into a variety of tasty and unique burger options.  3.  They offer local beer and Texas wine.  You have to admit that it's more fun to eat a fat burger when you've got a nice hungry buzz going.4.  The fries.  Nuff said.5.  They partner with local farmers and ranchers for organic produce and healthy meat.  Now that is just down right neighborly.  6.  The fact that we discovered if you go at 6 p.m., there is absolutely no wait. Early, yes.  But worth it when you waltz right up to place your order.7.  They've got the "Lil' Prick" here.  (No, not the door guy.)  It's a sassy Pear Martini.  Mmmmm.8.  It takes me exactly 7 minutes to get from my door to theirs. Win.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,1/21/2013,485,555,37,24,27>We just drove up into the driveway, and when the boy put the car on Park, I said "okay, now we're going back?" It's like food-Disneyland for adults. Everything that everyone is saying is true: I'm the latest casualty in the war against drugs. I mean, ramen.What am I supposed to tell you? We waited. 20 minutes on line (at 5:freaking:30, and they open at 5). We waited 15 minutes for the food. It was the passionate, romantic, I-will-be-right-here-waiting-for-you moment Richard Marx cried about. The slider came out first, and it didn't go down without a fight. I saw an oil splash scream across the pages of my New Yorker when the boy took a bite. I would sacrifice all my New Yorker issues for another slider and that **^@#*&$@ delicious potato salad.On the drive home I said "it was divine" referring to the noodle bowls, and I actually meant it in the spiritual sense of divinity and enlightenment. I really feel... changed.The broth is unreal. I prefer the #1 to the #2, but might maim someone for either. I hate pork belly usually because it's a greasy-ass mess. This was not a greasy-ass mess. The egg was perfect in the way that newborn babies are perfect. The noodles: magic. I wish I could say it wasn't great. That the line going out the door, and the fools suffering for it, were all part of a culture gone awry, unable to focus on the pressing issues that should render it impossible to make such silly sacrifices for food. But this is not food. It's a rite of passage, a privilege. A path to peace and happiness.I would rather have a bowl of this ramen than a chocolate chip cookie. There. I said it. There's no going back now.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/19/2013,307,445,7,12,9>Tina did a fantastic job capturing the love, and passion my partner and I share. Our photo shoot was really fun, Tina made us feel comfortable and relaxed. We met Tina at the park, dressed and ready, our shoot took about 1.5 hours.  Our pictures came out beautiful, and the turn around time was impressive. A few notes -- same sex couples welcome  (she shoots the GAYS!!!!!)- most of her work seems to be outdoors/natural light- don't expect silly prom poses (go to sears for that crap)- be prepared for thousands of likes on your fbook page- your pocketbook can handle the prices- you will not regret using herThanks Tina for capturing our love!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/18/2013,38,147,4,8,6>God, I love VERTS. I have been in love ever since I tried them out at the Kite Festival last year. I was so freaking excited when signage went up about 2 months ago. Even more excited when the girl at the Guadalupe location said they'd be open by the end of September.I nearly peed myself when we went this last Monday to try it out. What I love about this place is that everything is done to your liking. Sort of Subway/Thundercloud style but with more exciting ingredients. I got the beef/lamb Doner and the griddled fresh bread is so yum that I just have dreams about it. Oh man. The meat was probably better than the stuff I've had at the other location. It was crisp in some places and tender in other parts. The vegetables were good and fresh. I love that I can get corn on it. I love corn. But I digress. Basically, it's kind of a mix of different cultures. Beef/Lamb mix vs Chicken all cooked on a rotating spit. You can add an assortment of veggies like cabbage, lettuce, cucumber, corn, onions, etc. and a variety of sauces. I dig the garlic but everything I've had is good. The hot makes me cry. Very, very clean storefront and my doner was gone in about 8-10 minutes of pure unadulterated bliss. They have pretty good potato/carrot patties for the vegetarians that have a bit of a kick and are well flavored. I like that I'm satisfied after eating one of this but not sickeningly stuffed. It's under 8 bucks for a pretty well portioned meal of meat, veg, and carbs and the waitstaff were all very nice. Between bites of my doner, I kept uttering to my boyfriend that I was going to eat here every day then modified that to every week. Hey, I gotta show love to my other Anderson Lane area loves! Highly recommend! You won't regret it.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,1/17/2013,185,122,11,12,15>Soup. Yes please.Juice. Sure.Grilled Cheese Sandwiches. OMG Yes!I stop by here when I am in the need to detox. Everything is fresh and made with amazing ingredients.The juice combinations they have are pretty great and they are generous to add anything you want and create your own combo. I usually do the kale, peaches, apple, ginger and cayenne juice. It'll wake you up, and get you ready for the day. Trust me :)Eating a grilled cheese (I think they have 3 options) and hot soup on a cold, rainy, gloomy day are perfect.Wait, they deliver? Yes, they do! You can order in bulk and they will deliver it to you on a pre-determined day and time.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,1/16/2013,88,128,7,11,8>VEGANS REJOOOOOICE! A nice, fancy, sushi restaurant where you can have a yummy vegan dishes??!! HECK YES!So I was taken here on a date. By this guy who I've been seeing for a minute or two. Now he's not the chivalrous, open the door, pull out your chair, tell you how great you look when you're sporting a black mini dress and 4 inch high heels--kind of guy I typically date. But somehow, he's managed to hold my interest, regardless. (That's REGARDLESS, for anyone out there who contemplates using "irregardless" bc they think it's actually a word.)1. brussels sprouts - crispy brussels sprouts, lemon chili (WITHOUT the chili sauce bc that has fish sauce in it)2. fig salad - tyson's figs, honey, basil, shiso (minus) mascarpone 3. avocado sashimi - yuzu kosho, tamari4. nasu -  japanese eggplant, lemon miso5. chocolate sorbetSeriously....Amazing. Even without the chili sauce (and I am an atomic level spicy food-buff) it was divine. DIVINE I tell you!!The fig salad---without the marscapone was so damn refreshing and delightful. It hit my tongue and I SWEAR I felt a tingle. The avocado roll...was so damn yummy BUUUUT----the eggplant nasu----SHUT THE FRONT DOOR.....fucking amazing. Home run....pleasure party in my mouth. Chocolate Sorbet was the most amazing, rich, creamy, vegan delight ever. The atmosphere was really lovely, the cocktails were SO refreshing. The sake was fruity and fresh. Our server (Sam I think?).....he was so freaking nice and knowledgable (but let's face it...EVERYONE there is knowledgable.)All in all...I loved the ambiance, the food, and the service. I now know where I'd take my higher end clients to wine and dine them.Oh--and my not so typically chivalrous date...actually pulled out my chair for me when we left, and opened my car door. Maybe it was the price-point of the restaurant that inspired him---either that, or that black mini-dress and 4 inch heels actually started workin' for me...not sure. But it was a bonus. ;)=)
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,1/15/2013,132,354,3,9,6>Phew!  Went Thursday night and this place was packed!  $2.75 house made beers - they had 3 different saisons last night; $3.25 new belgium beers that you got a free snifter glass with; and then a myriad of seasonal beers that are beginning to roll in.  I went in search of pumpkin beers - of which I found out thirsty goat will be making as well as Draught House itself.Tried out The Seedling Truck which made it's home right outside on Thurs/Friday nights apparently.  They had some short rib sliders that were a terrific accompanyment to my Real Ale seasonal.It's true what they say about the lines though -- so long to get beer and then you feel bad asking questions and taking time deciding.  Wish I could find a time when this place isn't so packed.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,1/14/2013,154,152,8,17,13>Oh wow I cant believe I haven't written a review about Ol' Sam's Town Point yet. I have been going here for years and I love this bar! It is definitely a neighborhood bar. The staff is friendly and there is always local music, Ramsay Midwood is one of my favorites, he plays there on a regular basis. Sams is on a residential street and is what used to be two manufactured homes that is now combined to make this rad bar. There are pool tables, darts and a stage for live music, in the back is a big deck with table and leads down to a gravel backyard with picnic tables. Sam's regularly hosts all kinds of cookouts for fundraisers and shows and on the weekends usually has someone out back making tacos so you can get your munch on while your throwing back a few. Speaking of throwing back a few, Sam's only offers beer and wine, you can bring your own booze and pay for set ups. Its pretty awesome watching all of the brown-bagged liquor bottles being passed back and forth, it gives it a feeling that your going to your buddy's house to hang out for a couple of drinks so you byob'd. If you're down South go to Sam's Town Point and have a beer, play some pool, strike up a conversation. I will probably see you there.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/13/2013,592,498,6,11,11>Bf and I bought the groupon for a 3 course meal for our half anniversary... WOOO! I was super duper excited, can you tell? Being super duper excited before a meal is always a little scary, because sometimes I get my hopes too high. NOT THIS TIME BABY!!!Anyway, we decided to go all out and arrive early for their happy hour. I had never been here before and I was very impressed with the beautiful decor in the back. There are sweet little tables and chairs under hanging lights. There is also a bar outside accompanied by large fans and beautiful seating. Their happy hour menu is pretty awesome- half off several nice cocktails and half off appetizers. Dining for HH at the bar was nice because we could enjoy being outside(ish) and it was also a nice temperature thanks to the fans.I ordered the burning pear martini. It was the glass plus the extra in an adorable little glass of ice! Dawww, too cute. The martini was yummy, strong, and just what I wanted. We shared the duck, jicama, and jalapeno wrapped in bacon bites. They were very yummy, but the BBQ sauce was a bit too strong. After our happy time outside for happy hour we walked into the lovely Hudson's on the Bend Restaurant. The place is beautiful. I absolutely love the artwork on the walls and the multiple medium sized rooms. It feels like you're at a super nice dinner party in an awesome mansion. I loved it! Anyway, we had the wine pairings with our meal and decided to order one of each (we had a choice of two options for each course). Before the soup/salad we were sent a complimentary olive with chorizo filling and mango jalapeno sauce. Where did this magical ball of goodness come from? Thanks chef! I just so happen to love olives and everything about this tiny little thing. It was really yummy. The lobster bisque was ok. It was a little more bitter than I would have liked, with a sharp nutty taste, but it was ok. I liked the salad much more- garden greens with a lemon basil dressing. It was nice, yummy, and light. The main courses were simply wonderful. This is random, but I've always been very sad that Kyoto (sushi restaurant on Congress) closed down, because my absolutely favorite roll, the longhorn roll, was lost! The crispy trout tasted just like the longhorn roll, and it was amazing. The crispiness of the trout was fantastic and the mango jalapeno aioli complimented it so well! Sweet and spicy! I really have to go to Mighty Cone to see if I can indulge in a less expensive meal similar to my favorite from Kyoto. The trout is probably one of my most favorite dishes EVER at the moment. :) The pecan smoked rosemary rubbed beef was very yummy. It was quite rare and very soft, but the flavor was very nice. It was topped with jalapeno hollandaise but I definitely didn't taste the jalapeno. I loved the veggies with both dishes, very well seasoned. Both desserts were super insanely sweet- my kind of dessert. The turtle pie dipped in Belgian chocolate was yummy, nutty, chewy and incredible. The peach and blackberry cobbler was also fantastic. It was gooey, warm, fruity and melt in your mouth. I don't know much about wine, but it tasted fine with the meal. I've had other meals with wine pairings where I could REALLY tell that the wine complimented the food and vise versa, but this time not too much. It was definitely good though.To finish things off I ordered the Prickly Pear Margarita. I couldn't help myself. It was very yummy with a nice sweet and sour bite to it. Something else that I take for granted when I have multiple courses is the timing. I don't know how they timed everything PERFECTLY, but they did. It's always really sad when they bring plates when you're not ready for them. Our waitress was wonderful and patient with my many questions and giggles of excitement.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,1/12/2013,989,456,18,18,21>Sundays are normally all about brunch, but when you are the Duke of Yogurtland and you are invited by Christine A. to a UYE summit that will include the Duke of Yogertz--Errol M.--you simply must make time for some sort of diplomatic pleasantries. I realized we were meeting on his turf, but fortunately our two Froyo Dukedoms have always been at peace, so this would be a meeting of allies, not enemies. For those of you who don't know me and have just read the preceding paragraph: I swear to God I have a life.Yogertz is actually closer to me than I realized, nestled near the Arboretum next to the Brick Oven and the HEB with the horrendously crowded parking lot. Their patio is actually quite spacious, complete with wrought iron tables and umbrellas. Cute. Apparently, Yogertz is so much more than just another froyo spot. In addition to a wide selection of frozen yogurt (14 flavors and 30+ toppings), they have a menu that offers smoothies, hot and cold coffee drinks, toasted bagels, and their signature homemade spring rolls. As Errol so eloquently put it, it's basically "Froyo...with benefits".  Melissa A. was already there, and before I even had a bite of frozen yogurt we were splitting shrimp spring rolls that came with a delicious peanut sauce. They were light, packed with cilantro, and are the perfect summer time treat if you are in the mood for more than just dessert. They're also huge, by the way. Awesome.Christine A. had brought a bottle of prosecco (it was BYOB, so she decided to make it a real party), After assuring her that many screw top wines and sparkling wines are quite good (I received this lecture at a Bible study, no less), she asked if I would do the honors of opening the bottle. It was just a simple twist that did the trick, but it was the only time throughout the entire event that I felt even the slightest bit butch. So I thanked her for that. I wanted to try the coffee and several different yogurts, so I asked for a cafe du monde (coffee drip w/ creamy sweetened condensed milk) and headed over for my first cup. Christine A. had poured the prosecco over her cup of pink lemonade froyo, which I thought was genius. As I checked out with my own pink lemonade, I told the girl I would be returning for something else shortly, so it would probably be best to just go ahead and run me a tab. Apparently, Melissa A. had the same idea. The girl agreed, and I returned to our gathering knowing that if anyone would think to start a tab in a yogurt shop, it would be Melissa A. and me. The pink lemonade was light, frosty, and bursting with flavor. As someone who prefers ice cream to sherbets and thicker yogurts to sorbets, I was doubly impressed because I'd actually order it again. I adored my iced cafe du monde, and am now a big fan of its slightly different flavor than the iced coffees I usually order.The second froyo go-around, I meant business. I layered chocolate milkshake yogurt with creamy red velvet and covered both with mini chocolate chips and mini peanut butter cups. I operated under the assumption that this was all zero calories. I certainly do not mean to betray my own dominion of Yogurtland...but this was some damn good chocolate yogurt. As soon as most of the guests had arrived, Christine gave Errol a crown for his Dukedom...which naturally, I eventually stole to take pictures with Shannon B. Christine even arranged a drawing for a $10 gift certificate, and as soon as I saw Errol's face, I knew I had won. I always seem to win these things. Or as Joe C. commented, "That's probably because EVERY slip in there said 'Nathan'". Hmmm. Perhaps.  The owner, Angie, is this perfectly adorable woman who beams, laughs and exudes such happiness that it definitely adds an extra layer of fun to the experience. For checking in on Yelp, you receive $2 off a $10+ order; when I went to close out my tab, it was like a dime shy, but Angie let it slide and gave me my discount. I, in turn, held onto my gift certificate to use when my froyo-loving family wants to grab dessert on a weekend that we all get together. Looks like it'll be Yogertz on me next time.What a charming spot and a delightful Sunday afternoon. Yogertz definitely has a new fan. And don't tell Errol, but I liked it so much, I am amassing my armies at this very moment to possibly take over his Dukedom. But not until I've used my gift certificate, of course. Only time will tell. 5 Stars.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/11/2013,283,230,22,11,14>My, my, my taste buds hit me so hard Made me say "Oh, my Lord" Thank you for blessing me With a mouth to taste and Jack's to feed It felt good, going straight down A super dope homeboy from the Oak HillAnd he's known as such...And this is a restaurant, uh, you can't touch I told you, homeboy (You can't touch this) Yeah, that's how he's cookin' and you know (You can't touch this) Look at my belly, man (You can't touch this) Yo, let me eat the whole left side of the menu (You can't touch this) Fresh new flavors, advance You gotta like that, now, take that chanceSo go, and grab a seat And let this fly girl recommend these eats!!Stop.  It's Jack's time!  Uh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohUh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohThe only bright spot in Round Rock, it's Austin level all the way.  Food that knocks your hammer pants off.  The Chile Mango Shrimp and BLT sliders make me want to give up 90's Hip-Hop it's so good.  Every time I eat there I want to thank baby Jesus for my mouth.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/10/2013,227,263,8,9,11>Lavaca street you saved my night. Little house of comedy horrors was eating my soul, your cheap beers that night were awesome and night saving. Not to mention i paid to punch your bag as hard as i possibly could. Good times..Oh and last i was there i read something about a night filled with bacon. Gonna check that out if it still happens.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/8/2013,83,176,3,9,7>The long awaited Sway is here and it has instantly improved upon Austin's growing offering of superb restaurants.  In short: the restaurant is stunning, with design elements that mix the modern with the pan-Asian and boast lots of beautiful detail.  The food is exquisite, Thai with a modern gourmet touch, designed for sharing but just fine for individual consumption.  Seating is family style around large beautiful wooden tables.  The spacious kitchen has an open layout so you can see the chefs at work.  There are even some seats facing the kitchen if you can get them.  There are also some open-air seats available and some smaller communal tables.  The service was busy but professional and attentive. Overall one of my new favorite restaurants in Austin.More details:  We went on one of the first nights that Sway was open to the public and sat with a group of 6.  The table was a large square block that could have seated 12 comfortably, though it's not easy to follow a conversation with someone sitting directly opposite you on such large tables (they do have smaller tables as well).  The menu is fairly expansive, with curries, fired rices, noodles, a "salt & pepper" section offering dishes with the simplest of seasonings, and a grilled and crispy section.  Here are some notes on what we tried (I'd recommend all of these):- prawn miange appetizer - tasty little dish with prawn on a betel leaf. Good spice. - XO mussels - delicious sauce with ginger, lemongrass, and bacon yet still achieving a  complex, mellow flavor.- nashi pear chicken - this was just awesome.  complex flavor profile, slightly sweet, with tender chicken, pear, mushroom and brussels sprouts.- green curry - a veggie dish with tofu, pees, potato, and eggplant.  less saucy than a typical curry dish but with fantastic bold flavor- tamarind glazed beef fried rice - this was probably my favorite though it was hard to pick just one thing.- peanut curry - another excellent dish with complex flavor profiles.  this had a very tender confit chicken- Chinese broccoli - a spicy side packed with flavor- morning glory - a unique, simple and flavorful side dishEverything is packed with flavor, some bold, others more subtle.There are a number of veggie dishes for those unfortunate souls that reject human supremacy over the food chain. A word of caution: make sure that you ask about the spice levels as a few of the items are fairly spicy, especially for those who don't handle heat well.  The Chinese broccoli and prawn miange come to mind.The desserts were tremendous.  We tried the banana split and the thai tea affogato and both were comparable with the best deserts I've had in Austin.Final notes: They offer two chef's tasting menus if everyone in your party is amenable.  They also offer a Moo Sway option (family style feast) that you have to arrange in advance.  I'm going to set this up in the next few months and will report back on the experience.They do not take reservations as far as I know.  Overall a delightfully excellent restaurant and well deserving of 5 stars on Yelp.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/7/2013,49,167,8,7,6>Quick, name an Olympic silver medalist....go ahead, take your time. Pretty difficult eh? Silver medalists are amazing in their own right, but often they just get outshined. Such is the case with Pelons being located directly across from Stubbs. Sunday brunch began, like most do, hung over and in search of something new. Pelons? Where? Red River? Really? Yeah, really. It's there, I promise. Pelons is thoughtfully decorated, both indoors and out, but snag the outdoor seating if weather permits, it is awesome. The staff were very attentive and helpful (to be honest, we were the only group there), and we were seated immediately....seated, ironically, with a view of the long line at Stubbs. Both salsas were out of this world good, with just the right touch of heat. We started with the queso flameado, which was on fire (yay!) but also had the consistency of elmer's glue (boo). I could feel my arteries hardening mere moments after consumption. Fortunately Pelon's margaritas came to the rescue, I ordered a nice little number dubbed "The Longhorn" with 100 proof tequila. It was tall, dark, and alcoholic. They only let you order two, because it'll sit you on your ass in a hurry. The enchiladas came highly recommended, though I was much more impressed with the cilantro rice and black beans that came as sides. Good black beans are a difficult thing to pull off, not enough lard and it's a tasteless affair (like hanging out with yours truly), too much lard and...well, you're eating lard. The enchilada itself was good, on par with the best I've had, but I can't say there was anything to put it head and shoulders above the competition.Pelons is great, possibly even world class, but you'll have to resist the siren song of Stubbs in order to experience it yourself.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/6/2013,421,256,11,17,15>The Sticker Ladies are all about convenience, even when your doh-doh brain waited too long to return for a re-inspection after a repair. You see, they have a policy where if you pay for an inspection and you don't pass, you have 15 days to have your aging vehicle repaired, return to the Sticker Ladies and they'll re-inspect it, no charge. My senior citizen Jeep had a busted brakelight and a compromised gas cap. Oops. They replaced the brakelight on Visit #1, only charging for the part. Visit #2 after gas cap replacement was *still* painless. I must have caught them on a good Monday morning then:She: Mornin' there, need an inspection?Me: Ya, but I think I waited too long to return to you guys after I had a repair.She: [Reading paperwork and deadline date] Aw don't worry about it, we'll get you taken care of.Me: Aw thanks, you all are great.Voila.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,1/5/2013,74,118,7,12,10>We are park hoppers, I'll go ahead and admit it, you won't find us at the same park each week; guaranteed. Why? Well...what child wants to go to the same park over and over, play on the same old equipment and not grow tiresome?  Definitely not my children, so when we arrived at an appointment in the area a tad early, we decided to stop by Shipe Park. Now let me start by saying this place ROCKS! This place is one of the few Austin-area parks that have a shaded playground and as all Texan's know it's hotter than hell during the summer, shade is a huge-huge-huge bonus for the kiddos. We'll be visiting again, why you might ask? *Amenities- SHADED (by trees) PLAYGROUND, duh; the swimming pool(s) - 1ft pool separated from the larger pool with lifeguards on duty; basketball courts - not overtaken 24/7, you can actually shoot around; tennis courts--what's a park without them; and a huge field for running around free or tossing around a football with the nuggets. *Events- upcoming Movies in the Park and a pool party, major win!  [Btw- there might be a summer camp that takes place at this park, there was a few (young) kids running wild on the playground, tossing their (wasted, yes because they had like 4 each) milk cartons all over the playground, screaming so loudly my two year old wanted to ditch playing and go because the kids were as he said, 'crazy,' ha.  I did not see an adult within eye-sight so I don't know if they are free to roam?]
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,1/4/2013,142,142,,18,16>I walked over from my apartment sick as a dog. The girl asked whether I wanted stir fry, noodles, or rice and I told her I was sick and I just wanted to feel better. She said her mom would make me a lemongrass soup that is intended to heal sickness. She told me her mom would make it from scratch in five to ten minutes.A short wait and the kind ladies of Thai Thani made me a spicy lemongrass soup with chicken, rice, peppers, basil, and more. The broth was healing--perfect for my sick day. It was like having one of those special "feel-better-mom-hugs" in soup form. It hit the spot and changed my day. It felt even more special because they made it for me.I cannot wait to go back to this food truck. They make everything from scratch. The mom told me she preps all the ingredients each morning.Cash only. Call ahead or order there. Closed Monday. Hours are 11-3 and 5-10:30 all other days.The fact that they took care of me when I was sick says so much!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/3/2013,224,413,14,12,10>THIS IS THE COOLEST BAR IN AUSTIN! No really, it's the coolest bar, and it's almost not even really in Austin. It's south, deep south, like Shady Hollow south. I don't know if it was the band, the beautiful almost full moon , the stars or the tequila shots the kept showing up at my table. Or Maybe, just maybe, it was the fact that my Plott hound puppy Sasha got 27 phone numbers. Yep, boys and girls, that's how she rolls. My apologies to anyone she groped who was not a willing partner, but she does tend to sniff out a dog lover, and her mother was drinking tequila. This is a place I probably wouldn't have even yelped had it not already been yelped. It's that groovy. They are having some parking issues, but rumors has it they are planning on doing something to resolve that. There are food trailer here. I had some fish tacos that were great. Maybe this place isn't for everyone. Don't get all dressed up to go here. Put on some jeans and cowboy boots, or show up in your bicycle gear. I have been in Austin almost 6 years, and finally found the perfect place to get my drink on. Totally hella amazing place. Sasha wants to go again tonight, but I had to explain to her, that we don't want to become barflies, this is for special occasions , and she shouldn't have made that date here tonight with out checking in with me first.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,1/2/2013,431,381,24,23,21>"Afternoon, everybody.""CATHERINE!"That doesn't really happen... because the music's too loud... but it could.  In fact, later today when I head over there for happy hour with Vanushka, I guarantee it will.I've had random strangers come up to me and say, "Hey, you're the mayor here!" (4sq)  A local, alcoholic celebrity I am, and I'm not really sure how I feel about that.But, enough narcissism and self-congratulatory vomit. I feel like comparing and contrasting Hideout and Cheers.  And I mean Cheers, NOT Bull & Finch Pub.  And, hey, Austin and Boston rhyme, so this is a natural, wouldn't ya say?*-- They both have jukeboxes, but Hideout's juke plays 1,000 times more often than Cheers' does.  And, people tend to play the same fifteen damn songs at Hideout.  Really, people, grow a little.  But, judging by the scant few episodes in which Cheers' juke plays, it plays really crappy oldies, as opposed to oldies I actually enjoy.*--They both have a dartboard, but Cheers has a pool table.  BUT, two of Hideout's sister bars have pool tables.  Really, though, I come to bars to drink and play the juke, not to drink and play pool.*--Cheers' waitresses rarely work.  Watch a few episodes where the whole gang indulges in some extra-barricular activity. You'll see that, usually, they're all present.  So who the flip is watching the bar?Conversely, the cocktail waitresses at Hideout work hard until midnight, and THEN they'll sit and have a drink with you.  Katie and Casey are real sweethearts, and Shannon doubles as a bartender.Show me a female bartender in "Cheers". You only can in one or two episodes, which isn't good enough.  Hideout's got TWO female bartenders (Kristin's the other), and they have two bartenders named Ryan.  Score!Oh, and surly Carla and long-winded Diane don't work at Hideout.  Double score!*--Hideout's dark, and therefore romantic, but Cheers isn't.  It's too light inside Cheers to stick your hand down your partner's pants, but I've caught people at Hideout doing this.  (Yeah, now you wanna go to Hideout, huh?)*--Hideout plays cool movies like Pulp Fiction, Midgets vs. Mascots, and Ghostbusters on two of their six LCD TVs.  Cheers has only one CRT TV, and it's almost always tuned to Boston Bruins or Red Sox games.  Ick!*--Hideout has more toilets than Cheers.*--Cheers has only one unnamed beer on tap, whereas Hideout has twelve, with two or three being local brews.Willing to bet the one unnamed beer on tap at Cheers is Sam Adams, and you don't need to get drunk on that stuff in order to vomit; a sip'll do ya.*--Hideout has a parking lot; Cheers doesn't.  Granted, Boston has a better public transportation system than Austin, but I digress.*--Hideout's drink prices are as cheap as Cheers' were during their premiere in 1982.--------------------------------------------------­---------------------You might think the two bars are even in a lot of ways, but the bartenders and clientele at Hideout have more character(s) than Ted Danson and Kirstie Alley ever had.***This review was written in front of a live audience... at Hideout.  Yep, no lie.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,1/1/2013,80,213,10,9,9>YEEEEEAH! There's a Tarka closer to home now! They were even open today, on the 4th of July--because nothing says "AMERICA!" like quick, readily available curry...I think. I have fireworks in my pants--does that count? The food is as tasty as you'd expect, just...not spicy enough. I asked for "extra extra hot," but I think I just got "hot." I'm not getting the face-rippingly spicy effect from this paneer vindaloo that I know and love. The paneer is squishy and fabulous and the sauce is lovely and flavorful, but I wanted just a bit more peril in my mouth. Delicious, spicy peril. Can't I have just a little bit of peril?Staff was friendly. The Indian Thums Up cokes get two thumbs up, as always. Curry came out of the kitchen at break-neck speed. Plus, it's always enough food that I end up making two meals out of one curry. It just needs a bit more spice, that's all. I know it's getting up to around 100 degrees outside, but turn up the heat!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,12/31/2012,183,201,4,9,7>These guys have my dream job.  They try out different wines and sell the ones they love.  - What could be better?I personally love Red Zin's and have a favorite (Ledson) that I'll have shipped to Texas every now and then but that can be pretty expensive.  - When we dropped by the red room for the first time last night, Alex asked what kind of wines we like and after hearing Zin's, they presented a pretty nondescript bottle at around $39.  (2009 Sonoma County).We tried it and it really was good after it opened up.  Maybe even better than my beloved Ledson I hate to admit.Since their first suggestion was pretty much a home run, I'll definitely be back for more.Great addition to the Austin Scene and a very cool prohibition/speakeasy style setting.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,12/30/2012,315,273,8,10,9>Hey!!! Are you lazy AND hungry?!?!?!?!?!Then take note - these guys ROCK!!!I may or may not order from a place that's LITERALLY up the street from me and pay these fine folks to bring it to me (okay, I DO), but every time they are kind, cool, and PROMPT.I love them, and even though I'm about to leave Clarksville - I know I can count on them to give me my Zocalo Cafe's nacho fix in the Arboretum (plus, I'll feel a lot less idiotic ordering from up there).
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,12/29/2012,74,79,9,14,11>So we were having a little get together and we were in need of food for it. My first thought was just to have everyone drink 6 quick shots of tequila as soon as they arrived, which would make them forget about food, but Mistress Linda frowned on that plan so I went ahead and started looking for someone that would make a nice big plate of finger food for me so that I didn't have to do anything except put it on the table and start eating, two things I excel at. One really, as I've missed the table a few times. Christine A had just raved about a trip to Henri's, so I stopped by to check out their neat, small shop between Lick, Barley Swine and La Feria. When I told Will and Andy what I wanted, they immediately jumped on it. I told them how many were coming and they did the rest, picking out a half dozen cheeses, plus some pate, prosciutto, salami, and even the baguettes. I got to sample all of it and it was all superb, especially the creamy brie, my fave.  They said they'd put it on a plate and it would be ready and waiting about two hours before my party. Perfect. I showed up at the assigned hour and they were ready for me. Two HUGE platters, one filled with the cheeses, sliced and ready, and one with the meats. PLUS, they had added mustard and fig jam, and had even supplied the serving knives. AND they had a just baked baguette sliced up into perfect party sized slices. They even included a box of gluten free crackers because I told them we had It all looked fabulous! And it was! Everyone loved everything and they given me the perfect amount. Everyone ate to their hearts content and when it was over there was just enough for a nosh during cleanup. And the price for all this was really reasonable.  In fact I think I got a great deal. Two trays of absolutely delicious cheeses and meats, with all the trimmings, professionally laid out, with and with extras that made the experience even better, for just over a hundred bucks. Henri's is a cheese superstar!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/28/2012,255,164,16,23,13>Not knowing anything about what we were stepping into, save for the cigars on the rooftop, my dining companion and I tried out Bob's last night.We were seated in a smallish room with a huge TV on every wall, broadcasting college football.. NOT what we wanted for atmosphere. AT ALL.  When our friendly waiter (Israel? Ishmael?) arrived, half-jokingly I asked him if he could turn all the TV's off. He said he could get us a seat in another room, no problem. Excellent, thanks! They have themed rooms, like the Golf Room, and the American Flag Room.We ended up in a section I can only assume was called the Mirror Room. Unfortunately, I couldn't hear half of what was said by my companion. Really loud in there, but perhaps it was just the crowd (I'll get to them later).   From our smiling waitress we get bread, which was good and warm. We try the pickle from the jar, not bad. We order drinks after looking at the wine list. (ONE lame Malbec, out of 10 pages of wines??) We both order the 9 oz. filet mignon, which comes with your choice of three varieties of a potato side and a big-assed glazed carrot. You know, I ended up liking that carrot, but the skillet-fried taters were nothing to write Yelp about.The filet, on the other hand, was mm-mmm good. Cooked just right, and super delicious. Like others have stated, it's a bit expensive for the size, but at least it was a quality cut of beef.The dessert menu arrives, and the first page is all cigars. Actually a good selection, with a lot of smokes I recognize. We adjourn to the roof-top deck, where I decide on a Rocky Patel Decade torpedo. Our waitress Brandy brings out the Rocky Patel Vintage 1990. A good stick, but not the stick I ordered. Luckily I noticed before I cut it with the nearly useless cigar cutter. The blade was cheap, sticky and difficult to move. Really, Bob, for what you're charging for dinner, invest in a few decent cutters. I'm not gonna steal em, I swear.    I finally get the right smoke and start enjoying it with my tall cocktail. I'm not sure if they automatically bring you a double, but the two I had were pint glass sized, and mixed well..Now the crowd I'd noticed in the dining room started to rear its pretentious head. Fucking Dallas Douche has moved on from West Sixth to conquer new territory.I guess this is what you get when signing up for $teaks, $ports, cigar$ and rooftop$..  Overall, I'd say it's a mixed bag. Pros: Friendly service, tasty beef, good drinks, good cigars, nice view of 3rd & Lavaca from the roof.Cons: Expensive, unimpressive sides, wine list, clientele (could be a 'pro' if you like cougars with Dynasty-era hair), and those damned 70-inch TV's. Is this a sports bar or upscale restaurant. Can't do both, Bob. If you do, charge amounts resembling sports bar prices.3.75 stars
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/27/2012,699,1000,7,12,8>Is it just me or was it sort of funny that in the walls of this former 19th century opera house turned Scottish Rite (read: Freemason) theater I saw Henry Rollins?When you walk into the dark hallways you will see imposing oil portraits of grandfatherly figures who must be the keepers of lots of secrets.  They don't fully look you in the eye.  There are plush couches and thick carpeting and lamps.  Oh if these walls could talk.The inside of the theater itself is really pretty.  I had no idea such a venue existed in Austin.  There are 2 levels:  floor and balcony.  Even with all that seating the place is cozy enough without being too imposing.  The only major downside is that the antique wooden seats, though adorable, are very uncomfortable.At the Henry Rollins show they had a folding table set up outside the theater in the hallway that sold alcohol so it seems that this is possible here though it will probably depend on the show.  Scottish Rite Theater does a lot of local plays and such but I wouldn't be surprised to see broader events coming in the future.  Supposedly this is the oldest operating theater in Austin.  Now that's pretty cool.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/26/2012,461,645,12,36,24>I was having a pretty rough day at work one Friday and decided to make my first visit to Hanabi for lunch as sushi ALWAYS makes my day a little brighter. I knew Chef Choo was involved with Hanabi and like the other restaurants that don his menu items (Beluga, Osaka and the former Afin) I was hoping that Hanabi would be a decent place for sushi. Well it wasn't, it was better!I sat at the sushi bar and was in awe of the chef in front of me slicing fishes with the ease and precision, whipping up beautiful edible concoctions. Before I could order my lunch a squid cucumber salad was prepared in front my eyes and quickly placed in front of me. I graciously thanked the chef and ask his name, he replies "Chef Choo, as in choo choo!". We both laugh and I am instantly charmed. Not only is he an awesome chef, he is down to earth with a sense of humor. I ordered some nigiri and a kappa maki roll. The nigiri I ordered was the sake toro, binnaga and madai. OMG each piece of fish was absolutely delicious. Fresh cuts perfectly paired with items like garlic or ponzu. The normally simple kappa maki was even beautifully plated with a radish cut out as a flower. I leave beyond happy and quickly forgot my woes. The manager came by and asked for constructive input. I offered up what I thought and he was very appreciative. I returned the following week when they kicked off their happy hour which is Monday through Sunday 4:30-6:30. I found my way back to the sushi bar and yay Chef Choo was manning the bar once again. The happy hour menu was just as kick ass as Afin but do I dare say I like Hanabi's sushi better? I ordered the chili escolar, hamachi nigiri and flounder nigiri. Chef decided I needed to taste flounder fin and had a piece served as nigiri. This piece of fish was described as a Japanese delicacy and I must say it had a very unique taste and chewy (like octopus but chewier). Once again everything was absolutely amazing.Both visits had me giddy as a school girl.  The quality is there without the higher prices of some other places. They have fresh fish offerings from the Tsukiji market which of course is priced higher than regular menu items. If you dine at Hanabi I can say in confidence you will not be disappointed.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,12/25/2012,184,184,7,10,7>I feel like I've gotten pretty good at using Yelp: I tend to remember the places that are rated highly, what's new and popular, that sort of thing.  Yet somehow Lamberts wasn't even on my radar.  My partner and I met a couple of friends here for dinner on their suggestion and were totally blown away.  We started with the shrimp on toast, which seemed unimpressive on the menu but was buttery and bright and if you try to take them from me I will CUT YOU.  (Well, that might be the Cucumber Gimlet talking.)  For entrees we shared the brisket and pulled pork.  Pulled pork in this town is usually on the "miss" end of the spectrum, but this was definitely a hit.  I was really impressed with the brisket as well.The restaurant is pretty noisy (and this was without a live band, which they apparently have often), so it's best for a group that might be a little loud.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/24/2012,105,206,4,10,7>I voluntarily ate here, and I love meat. Something about Austin's take on healthy and organic stuff drove me to this place, and my girlfriend's keepin' me more mindful of what I'm eating too. (We still love meat.)Anyway, I was really impressed. I ended up getting the Jr. Meal Deal, but next time, I'm actually just going to get the Maoz Junior. I'm not a professional on all things falafels, but dang, these were good. Fried well, light, and chick pea-y. The pita is a little thick for my liking though. The salad bar is the deal maker in all this. The falafels are the star, but the salad bar is the supporting cast...and they're great. It's like Mr. White and Jesse Pinkman or Bruce Wayne and Alfred Pennyworth. Alone, they're good, but together, they're great. There's beet salad, chickpea salad, barley, broccoli & cauliflower, and more! It was all fresh and great tasting. I had beet salad for the first time here. I am now a believer in the beet. Fill up your tray with the salad bar items!The large cut  fries that came with the meal were cooked well; however, I could definitely go without them. With an unlimited salad bar, why get fries? I'd only get them because it gives me something to dip into their garlic sauce + sriracha. A lot of happiness is going on here, and I don't even miss the beef or pork. I'll return.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,12/23/2012,86,45,6,11,10>Functional, but more.White, straight, clean: light up your smileTeeth reveal the truth.We'd received a couple of postcards about a new dental practice. FLOSS promised a "new experience" in dentistry, which was intriguing because most of my past experiences have been bad ones. They also were running a promotion that promised free teeth whitening. But what sealed the deal was their expertise with Invisalign, something I had been considering for a long time.Growing up in rural Penna with no fluoridation in the water means I have a mouth full of fillings, a couple of root canals and a few crowns. Having a bunch of work done on my teeth as a child by a dentist who didn't believe in anesthesia means I have a deep fear of dentists. As an adult living in Austin, I had a wonderful dentist for many years. Ever since he retired several years ago, I've been searching for someone as kind, patient, and skilled. Hadn't found anyone who came close.I won't tell you how long since my last teeth cleaning. Let's just say it was long enough that I found myself doing the "floss of shame" prior to my appointment.The FLOSS on 38th Street is the second one to open. The first on W 5th Street got great reviews.  The new FLOSS office is modern, clean and spare. Jason, the office manager, greeted me warmly, gave me paperwork to fill out, and asked if I'd like something to drink. Nice.After a short wait, Amanda, the dental assistant, collected me and gave me a quick tour. She was just the right mix of friendly and professional. Both she and Jason were at the original FLOSS, which may be why everything felt so well coordinated.I was already impressed. But then I met Dr. John Potter. This could have been a very short review: FLOSS is great! Dr. Potter is the best! But when have I ever been known to not take advantage of an opportunity to wax poetic?Dr. Potter is pesonable, affable, and new to Austin. He takes his time and gets to know you. He talked about where he trained, his love of music, and how much he's enjoying Austin. He asked about my family and work. He's relaxed and warm. I immediately trusted him.And he knows what he is doing. One of my old fillings needed some work, and rather than push for a replacement he simply fixed it that same day. Saved me an extra trip. He cleaned my teeth himself and never once said or did anything that made me feel ashamed. In addition to the basic dental maintenance, I was interested in Invisalign. I'd had braces as an adult. But lost my retainer a long time ago, and my teeth have happily moved back into their original crooked positions.FLOSS is the top provider of Invisalign in the state. And Dr. Potter has a ton of experience, and has even used it himself. I'd had decided months ago I was going to do it, so it was just a matter of finding the right doctor. He took time to explain to me how it works and what to expect.Jason, the office manager, walked me through the details that days charges as well as the costs of the Invisalign.  I was delighted to find out that FLOSS was running a special promotion.  Thanks to him, I will end up saving a lot of money and will get a new iPad. Sweet!For the first time in my life I am looking forward to going to the dentist!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/22/2012,36,114,5,10,6>Free beer (Lonestars)!!!It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon.... sunshine, light breeze...I never had the original JMueller before The Schism, but this was pretty damn good BBQ and I didn't have to wait 3 hrs for it like at Franklin's. I tried a little of everything, but especially loved that melt in your hands brisket and beef ribs... no knives required!  I asked for it moist and got some nice glistening collagen... mmm... sweet baby jesus... I also loved the spicy sausage which was seriously packed with flavor.  If anything was lacking, maybe a little more smoke would have made the meats perfect. The sides were ok, beans being a little too thin on sauce and not sweet enough for my new England taste buds, while the potato salad was mustardy, which I like, but lacked vinegary kick.   The BBQ was the show, though, all accompanied by the beautifully sweet and lonesome voice of a young guitarist serving as chill entertainment.  Food was 4 stars but everything else was so perfect.Did I mention free beer?
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2012,12/21/2012,258,244,5,14,11>Ramen is noodles and broth and might have a little meat or vegetables. Michi ramen adheres to this tradition. However, while most places think of the broth as just a liquid for ramen to float in, here it is the featured ingredient. The broth is thick and flavorful. Michi sticks to the basics by making traditional style ramen.  I ordered a ramen with everything but the egg. Though it looked like the most perfectly poached egg when I saw it in other bowls; seriously, I thought it was a work of art. The vegetables were quite lacking for me, a handful of cabbage and mushrooms. I realize that this place is not for vegetarians since they only use a pork broth, but I love my ramen piled with vegetables and even tofu. Yet, that is not traditional ramen, so I can't have that and the traditional noodles and broth.They are very friendly and the wait was only about 10-15 minutes. I placed my order soon after they opened and had about 6 other orders ahead of mine. This location is convenient but hot, hot, hot! There is a covered area but with the concrete jungle it is located in, the combination of hot, salty ramen and hot cement can't be cooled off by the unique taste of a small barely iced tea.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,12/20/2012,114,172,4,5,3>I'm eating my leftovers as I write this review. Haha. Yum!I have heard so much about the food truck downtown and was excited to hear that there was a brick-and-mortar place opening near campus. When my roommate and I found out that their soft opening was happening, we got really excited and made a spontaneous trip there for an early dinner. Basically no one was there around 5:45pm on a Thursday. Service was extremely fast and friendly. The shop is very small, so don't expect to bring a large group of friends there. There is a thin bar on the side with several chairs as well as some small tables (2-4 seats each). The parking lot in front is very small, so if you're coming from campus during a busy hour, I would suggest either walking (if you live more north-ish campus) or taking the bus. There are maybe about 3-4 spots, if I remember correctly. Chicken/lamb/combo over rice was a little over $7 including tax. Now, I've had the famous 53rd and 6th chicken over rice in NYC, so I'm not sure if my standards were too high...but I wasn't too impressed with Halal Guys today. I got the lamb over rice plate. It reminded me of Chipotle, except...Middle Eastern. I guess. A big plate of rice with some meat, lettuce, tomatoes, and sauce on top. The lamb tasted more similar to Italian sausage than what I expected lamb to taste like, and the basmati rice was harder than I would have preferred. Maybe I wasn't hungry enough, maybe the chicken over rice is better, maybe the shop will get better after the grand opening on Monday?Bottom line: I'm probably at a 3.5, but I'll bump it up to 4 since it is a new establishment. You get a big portion of food, and the food is very flavorful. Nothing really special, but a lot of hot, greasy food that will satisfy your stomach.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,12/19/2012,235,378,11,8,5>Great mountain biking trails, off-leash dog park, baseball/softball/kickball fields, a pool, a playscape, and a creek.  In addition to all these things, according to some recent sting operations, it is also a popular spot for cruising.  I've never encountered anything unsavory going on, but if you witness some fancy footwork in the bathroom or a suggestive wink from across the meadow, that might be what's going on.  Honestly, I have no idea about the logistics of how cruising works, but what I've pieced together from sensationalized news stories about conservative politicians and George Michael, it involves a complex combination of parks, restrooms, and a secret code of foot taps and body language.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,12/18/2012,393,621,6,8,8>I rarely get to Hutto and when I do, it's because I meant to go out there, usually to visit a friend.Well, said friend suggested this place for dinner and I decided it was worth a trip up there for Tex-Mex and camaraderie.Overall, I came away very impressed with the food.  My fajita enchiladas were a phenomenal combination of steak, cheese, tortillas, chili gravy, and chili con queso.  The fajita queso we had as an appetizer was a more traditional queso flameado with monterrey jack cheese and chicken fajita meat.  When combined with the fresh flour tortillas, it made the world's best quesadilla.   Couple of minor glitches...   First, the rice isn't good.  Not bad, just not good.   And our waiter combined our check with another table.  Not the end of the world, and they quickly corrected it, but it was weird nonetheless.Verdict -- great Tex-Mex option for Hutto, but tons of other Tex-Mex options if you're in Austin.  In other words, I have someplace to eat dinner the next time my Hutto friend demands I drive up there!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,12/17/2012,127,256,6,11,10>When we stopped by here on a lark I immediately felt like I was on vacation. Seriously... walking into such a fancy place in T-shirt, shorts and flip-flops reminded me of past company-sponsored trips to all-inclusive resorts in Mexico and the Caribbean. Little did I know that feeling was more appropriate than I realized - dinner is an all-inclusive (all-you-can-eat) proposition, with attentive servers practically crawling over one another to keep the food coming to you - just like at an all-inclusive resort.The all-inclusive system means you get a lot of good-quality food for the money. It's not exactly cheap, but all the steak and sides you can eat for $38.50 is downright reasonable in context. The salad bar was about as upscale as you might expect, the sides of cooked banana, fried bread and mashed potatoes were refreshed constantly, and the meats were all quite good if not stellar. I prefer my beef rare-to-medium and if I wasn't able to nail that range exactly I was certainly satisfied overall.The catch - if you want to consider it to be one - is that you're along for the ride on this carousel of savories, and the whirl of activity around you makes it a challenge to predict what you might be eating next. Servers with meat-laden skewers buzz around the tables like bees. My slight disappointment comes from being offered some of the same items repeatedly, and not sampling more variety (I think it was due more to simple chance than any attempt to limit our options, but still). I also felt torn between gallantly waiting for the better half to keep up the carnivorous frenzy, and leaving her behind while I requested ever-more servings of delicious meat. It turned out that letting myself be held back a bit by her less-ravenous habits served me well when it came time for dessert. We shared a slice of Key Lime Pie that was better than we expected it to be, making an excellent ending to an excellent meal.Next time, though, I might have to take my brother instead of my better half - This would be the perfect place to rekindle our tradition of competitive sport-eating. I'll lose the shorts and flip-flops in favor of more suitable steakhouse attire, though I'll  also make sure there's room to let my belt out a few notches!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/16/2012,315,239,7,31,14>Greenies, get yourself ready and come visit in.gredients! What's in.gredients, you ask? It's only the area's first (almost) package-free grocery store and a locavore's dream, home-grown right here in Austin.First things first. You need reusable bags and containers appropriate for food transport & storage. If this is a big shopping run, be prepared with several sizes of clean vessels (bowls, bottles, etc.) with lids, mesh bags for produce, and your shopping bags. Don't forget your growler or pint glasses for sipping beer while you shop, and bring some tiny containers for spices.Parking is limited, so carpool, take the bus, bike or walk if you can. You love the earth, right? Otherwise, use one of the 10 or so tight spots behind the building. There is also street parking in the residential area behind the store, but that would probably be a last resort option (no doubt the neighbors would appreciate less traffic).Come in through the front yard and notice the playscape and gorgeous veggie garden on your way to the store (which is the western-most building on the property). There are also several large picnic tables for hanging out or enjoying a meal.Once inside, stop first at the tare station and weigh your containers. This is so you only pay for the weight of the bulk item you purchase.Now start shopping! You'll find only 4 aisles of goods, but just about anything you need is available. Refrigerated items and produce are in the back, wet items in the aisle closest to the parking area, spices and coffee in the aisle closest to the front yard, and traditional bulk dry goods (even pet food!) are in the middle. Beer, wine, cheese, bread, and ready-to-eat items are behind the checkout counter. Buying a whole grocery list in bulk takes some adjustment, but it's easy once you catch on.Best of all? Everything sold in the store is sourced as close to home as possible. There is locally brewed beer, locally ranched meat, locally baked bread, and the list goes on. All the foods are "real," made from the most basic, clean ingredients (ha) available. Lots of recycled and upcycled materials are incorporated into the property, too.Not gonna lie, prices are up there, but certainly in line with the cost you'd find for comparable goods at the other natural food stores in town.If I lived in Cherrywood, I bet I'd be visiting in.gredients 2 or 3 times per week. It really feels like an inviting space for neighbors to not only shop for packaging-free groceries, but to just hang out and chat about, oh, maybe the green manifesto. Or, to just pour a beer, share some snacks, and shoot the breeze :o)
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,12/15/2012,317,152,6,9,8>O-M-G........those biscut/chicken little sandwiches MUST HAVE crack in them......what?!   They are very addicting.They have great sides too - if you every need to pick up a side dish and don't have time to make it, great place to get that.Service was really good.   I'm a fan!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,12/14/2012,42,78,14,9,7>Listen, if you're having a bad hair day or a bad skin day, this is the place to go. Not only will you be so happily full by the end of your meal, but the dim lighting will keep anyone from noticing your less than stellar appearance.  Man Friend and I checked out LC for dinner last Friday night and we were thoroughly pleased.  And he's a tough crowd.We started with the guacamole flight - I don't know who woke up and thought, "I know. Avocado, apples, and crab. That's a winning combination!" but that (wo)man is a GOD. Also, whoever is making that spicy salsa can go ahead and pat themselves on the back. That shit is legit.Don't bother checking out the online menu, it's over two years out of date.  So eve though we'd both stalked the online menu, we ended up ordering completely different things than we'd intended - dinner consisted of a huarache and the chicken tacos and the Man Friend had the Pollo Dominguero. He couldn't stop raving about my food and I shared the sentiment about the chicken tacos - I could have passed on the hurache and probably wouldn't order it again.  We ended the night with the flourless chile-infused chocolate cake and OH. MAN. I thought a fight might break out about who got the last bite.Overall, you should go. You should have the pollo dominguero or the chicken tacos, and you'd be stupid not to have the guacamole flight. Just don't forget to pack a small flashlight so you can read the menu.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,12/13/2012,253,502,5,12,10>Wow...just freakin' wow. Today's experience at Dock and Roll has me pretty sure I'm returning tomorrow. The bun was soft and buttery, kind of like a kolache, but different. The lobster was tender and sweet and not overly dressed in mayo. It fit in the bun perfectly not spilling over or out, but just making for one perfect bite after the other.The Far East slaw was light with a bit of a kick and a great umami flavor to it. It was crunchy and not at all soggy. I could have eaten a gallon of it.To top it off, service was friendly and very quick, and not far from the office. Even with a stop at the ATM, we were there and back in an hour and never felt rushed. Kudos to Dock and Roll for bringing a delicious, affordable lobster roll to Austin!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,12/12/2012,52,208,7,7,5>Ok, this is a strange review because all I purchased were some hamburger buns and not meat. I was not going straight home so unless I wanted trunk cooked meat I had to pass.There is not a meat they don't have or can order, unless you are a zombie and crave human flesh. But they did say if you don't see it it might be in the back. The butcher was friendly and explained everything about the store and they have way more than meat. Baked goods, vegetables, pop( sorry in TX, coke), lunch meat and cheese.  They also make sandwiches for lunch.I will be back to buy some meat when the trunk oven is not as hot.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/11/2012,146,505,9,8,9>This place is a crackup!  The Red River crowd never ceases to amaze.  When I want to pretend I'm from Liverpool, practice my accent, and generally rough it up while drinking whiskey or Irish beer, Bull McCabe's is the place.  As it happened, I was performing in a show that took place in Liverpool when my mates discovered this bar.  The owner is Irish, but he LOVES Liverpool and their team!  (His huge tattoo will tell you that.).  He's a strong personality, so you will want to bone up on your toughness factor.  That said, if you know your Liverpudlian mannerisms, Harry will be your new best friend.  (You will have to sound like the Beatles to master your Scouse accent.)The music they offer ranges from Irish folk/rock bands to scaa - style roughhousers, so if you an in the mood for ambient symphonic, this is not your place.  That said, it's fun, and they have really good Irish beers to carouse about with.So, if you are up for your dive bar experience, this is the best on the lane.  If you are from Dallas, go to Cru on Second Street.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/10/2012,83,113,4,7,6>Until fairly recently, good Indian food in Austin has been a mainly north-of-the-river affair. Bombay Bistro was a welcome addition to the southern culinary landscape, and there's always Tarka for a more fast food-ish experience, but I was pleased to learn that there was another fairly new Indian place convenient for sureños like me. Asiana seems to focus mostly on South Indian cuisine, but there's a decent amount of North Indian food as well. The restaurant itself is no-frills: tucked away in that slightly dingy strip mall at the SW corner of William Cannon and I-35, it's obvious when you walk in that it's meant for large-scale food ingestion and not, say, for a first date. I personally was there for the lunch buffet ($8.99, 11am - 2pm every day but Monday and a bit longer on weekends) so I can't comment on the actual meals, but if they're anything like the buffet you can't go wrong.At 11:45am on a Wednesday I loaded up! I had their kadai chicken (fairly spicy, with tomato, onion, and peppers), chicken tikka (excellent, on the creamy side), chili chicken (small chunks, not as spicy as I'd hoped), tandoori chicken (just as infuriatingly dry as it is everywhere else, but well-grilled with a good flavor), and goat biryani (solid all around). There's vegetarian options too, but life is too short to waste time on not eating food, especially when the real food is so good. I could have used more spice, but you can always kick it up a notch on your own.For sides, they had stuff like saag paneer (a slightly spicy equivalent of spinach cheese dip), lentil donuts, peppers fried in a cornbread-ish coating, naan that's somewhat on the thin and crispy side, your basic assortments of rices, and some chutneys and the like. Dessert was oddly sparse, with only some fruit, rice pudding, and milk balls in syrup, but all were good.One thing I do want to comment on is the service. You're supposed to walk right in, grab a plate, and go to town on the buffet, and then wander up to the register to pay when you're too stuffed, so the place is fairly hands-off when it comes to getting between you and your meal, but they have some of the most diligent water-refillers I've ever seen. Barely before my glass hit the table, the dude with the pitcher would be there pouring more. It was almost funny after a while.Anyway, this was not only surprisingly good, but decently priced, and close to both my home and work. Yet another reason you don't need to go north of the river for good food.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/9/2012,148,88,7,9,8>NOTE: I'm simultaneously writing this review and noshing on some Wanfu leftovers from last night's "its-ten-thirty-and-I-haven't-eaten-dinner-yet" Chinese food run.  Last night was my first experience with Wanfu, and I must say - I'm a happy customer.  I'll definitely order their food take-out again.Generally, I judge all asian restaurants on their fried rice test (similarly, I do the same with chips/salsa at Tex-Mex places).  Wanfu not only has good fried rice, they have not one, not two, not three, but FOUR different kinds, all of which are equally delicious-sounding, creating a bit of a gastronomical dilemma when placing an order.  I ultimately went with the Thai style fried rice (shrimp, chicken, onion, basil, peppers, etc.).  I did not choose poorly.  The hubs went with the traditional sesame chicken (yes, he's boring).  But it too was very good, even though it's almost impossible to mess up sesame chicken.  We also ordered an egg roll, hot & sour soup, and lemonade (they fresh squeeze their own).  I've heard the Thai tea is good, so I'll have to give that a whirl next go-round. The lady that helped us was very friendly (despite being 30 minutes before closing time).  Our to-go order was ready in less than 10 minutes and came with all the utensils and condiments we could ever need. That being said... Please understand this 5-star review within context.  This is not the same five stars one gives to, say, Uchiko or South Congress Café.  This is the kind of five stars that you give to restaurants who completely fulfill their purpose, which in the case of Wanfu, is this: a cheap, convenient, late-night-munchies satisfier.  You rock, Wanfu.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,12/8/2012,147,191,4,6,4>Apparently Thursday nights at Gusto are *Girls' Nights* (and I say that with the same intensity and flair as "ROAD TRIP!") because happy hour was filled wall to wall of small pockets of hushed estrogen conversations. Yet, when I walked in the door and said I was here to "meet a group of girls," I was oddly flabbergasted when the host politely walked me to the right circle table. How did he know?!!Two of the girls came here for the gluten-free pizza dough and I take it their bacon pizzas were enjoyable from the fact that they ate mostly all of it and took the rest home, while I got the regular Italian Job pizza that was very good-- I liked the crust the most, which was dusted a bit with flour and baked. Because of the white sangria and polenta fries (let me emphasize: very large fries) I was pretty stuffed. I was expecting the polenta fries to be awesome but unfortunately, I thought they were just okay, maybe with more of a kick I would have enjoyed them more. I'd like to return to try the brussel sprouts and maybe an actual entree, but the saltimbocca that a friend got looked pretty scrumptious. With Apothecary nearby I'm not sure if it would win in a head to head for preferred happy hour, but the prices are very cheap at half off antipasti! Our waiter was gratefully polite, promptly brought out another water and replaced it while I wasn't looking (whoa!), and the service was very good. I wouldn't say I'm a fan yet, but i do think it's better than the 3-star A-OK so I rounded up. Nothing that really blew my mind, but I'd like to return and give another review for food. Also, loved the lace shades over the hanging lamps.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,12/7/2012,436,460,6,9,8>We tried Go Bites one slow Saturday around lunch time and only one food truck on the east side happened to be open. Somehow we took our hungry asses to The Grackle in hopes that this truck would be open. They were! The couple was very nice and brought our sandwiches in to the bar. My party had The Grackle, the lamb, and I had the B-Lat( blt). Soooo good! They were all delish, but the B-Lat was a home run with it's fresh lettuce and tomato and crispy bacon! The only thing I would change is the chicken and get it without the bleu cheese. I hate bleu cheese. I have a weird reason why, and I'm not about to explain it.Go bites should be called Big Bites, because their sandwiches are huge, and very shareable.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,12/6/2012,113,132,8,11,8>amazing food, terrific service, a great experience.So the bf and i went to Emma Long park for some swimming on Friday.  We were there til almost dark and finally rolled out of there exhausted and hungry.  We tried our yelp! app, but i wasn't getting service!  boo!  i knew there was a shopping center right off 360 when we got out on the main road.  ugh.  It's a Waterloo Icehouse.  blah.  we are now getting service so we check the yelp app again. Success!  We decide on Trento.  I can see the menu looks a little upscale but there are reviews that say it's casual.  I was in the mood for Italian.  Let's go.Ok.  we weren't just lookin casual.  We were lookin Rough.  Like: old half wet clothes, crazy hair, dirty flip flops, rough.  It looks nice from the outside... I'm a little worried about the reception we will receive.  Well, let me tell you, i should not have worried.   We were greeted with warm happy smiles and an inviting attitude.  I was impressed cause my wet pony tail was the ugliest thing in the building.  The interior is very warmly appointed, the booths were quiet and comfy, the bar looked nice.We were quickly greeted by our waiter Will.  He was super freaking awesome.  He was very knowledgeable about the menu and was really good at reading us and making good suggestions.  First he brought out rolls and an eggplant hummus-y dipping sauce.  I didn't really like the bread, but the bf really enjoyed the hummus spread.  *and seriously, when the free bread is the worst thing about a meal, it doesn't even rank in my opinion.  Will helped us decide on a half dozen fresh oysters on the half shell and the Pei mussels app.  The oysters were fabulous and the mussels were amazing.  We were just devouring all of it!  We could barely stop to speak, other than to rave about the flavor and freshness.  I spent a year in Baltimore, where i fell in love with mussels and the bf grew up in WA state.  So, clearly, we are picky about our seafood ya'll.  Will even brought us extra chibatta to sop up the mussels broth.  It was so good!We decide to split a main, cause at this point i'm already getting a little full.  Will had told us about the cheese ravioli earlier on and we were sold.  Oh. mai. gah.  i cannot even express to you how delicious it was.  Not even kidding, i shed a little tear with the first bite.  So they are very delicate cheese ravioli with lamb sausage, brown butter, sage and topped with a poached egg.  The egg was perfect.  When we cut it open and the yolk combined with the brown butter sauce....  Yeah, i'm pretty sure i heard the angels in heaven singing.  The bf and i were in awe of the flavors.  We were super impressed and we are food snobs, that doesn't happen a lot.It was a great meal.  Maybe a little pricey (abut $70 for the food, 2 drinks from the bar and tip for Will.  Worth it, cause the boy and i prefer to spend our money on amazing meals as our entertainment budget, per se.)   They were closing up as we were finishing but Will made no attempt to rush us and chatted with us when we told him how much we enjoyed the meal.  We told him we will definitely be back.  I'm looking forward to in already!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,12/5/2012,96,97,13,9,8>BYOB! BYOB! BYOB! Oh yeah, and games.Ha, just kidding, I'm totally as much of a video game nerd as I am an alcoholic. These 2 things together in the form of a public venue are a beautiful marriage. 1 drink at a time doesn't phase me, that's why I have a 24 pack in the cooler waiting for me in the V Dub.My eyes lit up, and my inner kid was immediately released upon entering. These guys have every game imaginable, the hardest part was figuring out where to start. Classic Pac Man? Mortal Kombat?  Shrek pinball? Almost every game is 50 cents, the pinball games are almost all 75 cents a play. $20 was burned through quite quickly. The drink holders came in handy, though there were some games that were missing this convenient feature...I had to drain my beverage in that instance, us hard core gamers cannot be compromising our high scores having to worry about knocking over our bottles in the heat of the moment. My gf was beyond thrilled to score the high score in Space Invaders...out of jealousy, I informed her that they periodically reset the machines. Is this true? I don't know, I guess I'll have to go back-again and again- to find out for myself.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,12/4/2012,228,113,10,12,14>I am a Pho newbie.  I've only had it one other time at Elizabeth Cafe, which was pretty tasty but small portions.Let just start with my 1st observation - When did this shopping center spring up?!?  I used my trusty Yelp map to find the location and expected PhoNatics to be in the old mall or something... But I pulled into a parking lot with a Nicey Nice Walmart surrounded by awesome places to eat (Hopdoddy is across the street too).  Well, I felt like I had just fallen down the rabbit hole.I was totally intrigued by the ordering system.  They have menu boards, kind like Pei Wei, but with tons of options.  Since I don't know Pho I spent some time studying them.  Word to the wise-the bright pink meat in the photos is raw meat.  I was excited about this.Then you move onto a touch screen ordering system.  How cool.  Loaded with pictures.  This is ideal if you have no idea what you are doing, which I didn't.  there was an very nice employee who walked me through ordering.#206 Pho with Eye of Round Steak served rare and lean brisket#101 Vietnamese Fried Egg RollI got my order to go.  They packed up all of the ingredients for the Pho separately so when I got home I could put it all together how I wanted it.  I felt like Mr. Wizard!  Plenty of food.  I made one bowl of Pho last night and have plenty for a small lunch.  The egg roll was pretty good and i like that you can order one instead of a full order.I'm guessing this place is packed during lunch.  I popped in at 8PM on a Tuesday-no line and some empty tables (but more patrons than I expected).Feeling adventurous, go here. Oh, and they have Thai Tea in a can!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/3/2012,322,621,19,18,15>I told a family member I was eating at the "Pour House" tonight.*The last time I was here, the place sold hot dogs.  And I ran my most athletic event ever, the Choose Austin First 0.2K.So fast forward to Friday night.  I came to attend an intimate gathering of 45 or so of my closest Yelp friends.  This is the kind of party that, anywhere else, they take a card from each person, serve hot beer and cold food slowly, refuse individual checks, charge everyone for things they didn't order, and add a large mandatory gratuity--just to say a very special "Thanks for bringing your party here!".Would you believe not a single one of those things happened here last night?We were a waitress' worst nightmare.  A large group assembled mostly on the stage, constantly moving around to visit, spreading out to other tables, and she had to keep up with who's who and what they ordered.  Amazingly, in addition to our group, she had several additional tables to tend.Would you believe I left as the party wound down and heard nothing but  universal and overwhelming praise for our waitress?I had the fish and chips, which consisted of two beer battered catfish fillets, waffle fries, and a very tasty, interesting slaw.  The fish and fries were terrific.  The slaw had an incredible twist to it that made it delicious, unfortunately, by the last few bites I realized it was total sodium overload.  I had everything exactly as ordered within 15 minutes, with a sidecar of napkins and condiments to boot.Would you believe I can't wait to go back for seconds?[*Only later did I learn a rescue party was sent to the Salvation Army searching for me at the "Poor House".]
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,12/2/2012,377,238,15,17,15>Compared to some, I'm a noob at Camino Real.  But growing up in San Antonio, I feel like I've been coming to Camino Real my whole life, as it reminds me of the old stompin' grounds.Sometimes you find a place just for breakfast tacos.  For us, that's Camino Real.  When my wife had to go gluten free, CR is the place where she first embraced breakfast tacos on corn tortillas (poor thing!).  The key to a good breakfast taco experience is the salsa.  And I've never been disappointed with the salsa offering at CR.  You can tell it's home made because it's clearly the same recipe, but sometimes it's hotter than others.  But it has always tasted fresh.Sometimes you find a place just for dinner.  When we want an oozy plate of cheesy goodness, CR is what we crave.  We've made a habit of Wednesdays, because happy-hour-all-night-Wednesday can bring us dinner for two and a drink or so for the low $20s.  We're often shocked with how good the frozen margs are, for so cheap.  They can compare easily to the $6.50+ drinks at other places.  The fajitas-for-two served on a sizzling platter are half the price as errr, a place you would be "Loopy" to wait an hour to be seated at.Sure, it'll never be the hip place to hang.  It's your neighborhood Tex-Mex diner.  The waitresses are all very sweet to us, and friendly.  You pick your own table, and pay at the register.  The food always comes out fast.  The tube tv (no large flat-panel here) seems to have some color issues, as it plays the news non-stop.  The decor includes some frightening pinatas, and a general hodgepodge of "artistic" touches.  CR is just the way it should be.If yelp allowed 1/2 stars, this would be a solid 4 1/2.  Cause the chips aren't my fave.  Though that might be a good thing, because we never fail to need a basket refill, so we'd probably bust if we ate any more...  But since I'm forced to full star ratings, CR, you get 5*s from me.There.  I wrote this WHOLE review without using the phrase "hole-in-the-wall"!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,12/1/2012,398,533,29,13,17>My sister and I have an ongoing debate about the name of this place. Is it Easy (comma) Tiger like Whoa, Nelly?  Or is it simply Easy Tiger like a slutty feline?  The debate continues.This place is great: lots of bread, sausage, pretzels, and possibly the best turkey sandwich ever - my mouth waters just thinking about that sandwich.The beer garden out back is pretty magical: trees, plentiful seating, and my personal favorite - ping pong tables. So funny story, the ping pong tables overlook this creek so you lose the occasional ping pong ball over the edge.  My friend told me he was playing there once and a homeless lady came up yelling at him to stop hitting balls into the water because the turtles eat the balls and that's bad because she has to eat the turtles!  Keep Austin Weird indeed.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/30/2012,171,194,8,12,8>Burn, baby, burn ... the disco inferno I am describing here is the feeling that my muscles and I have when we go to Dancer's Shape, a place where they make you do things that most normal people would never, ever choose to do on their own.  Let me give you a few examples:1. standing on your tiptoes for extended periods of time while doing squats (!!!)2. lifting 3 pound weights until they start to feel like 30 pounds. 3. using tiny, little medicine balls to exercise your thighs in ways that could be misconstrued as sexually explicitWho knew that 3 pounds of weight could be so challenging?  Apparently, the ladies at Dancer's Shape.  And that's why I keep going back for more.  They studio is new, clean, and comfortable.  The air condition is cool.  The music is good.  And, there is  no way in hell I would ever do these exercises on my own.  Not to mention that if you keep going back, it starts to get a little bit easier.  What I have to say to Dancer's Shape is this: please, sir, may I have some more?
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/29/2012,51,42,1,20,11>******************THIS LOCATION HAS CLOSED...ALTHOUGH, THEIR OTHER LOCATION 'FRENCH QUARTER GRILLE' ON PARMER AND I-35 IS STILL OPEN AND JUST AS AMAZING! SAME PEOPLE AND FOOD!****************ABSOLUTELY TO DIE FOR!!! Perfection!French Quarter has opened in the old Gumbos building. The original location, French Quarter Grille, on Parmer and I-35 is already popular for successfully satisfying the palates of many, including the well-known food critic Rob Balon. Many locals were disappointed to see Gumbos close. But, I assure you that French Quarter is bigger and better and has become Round Rock's new pride and joy for fine dining!APPETIZERS: The crab cake is wonderful! I must say though that my favorite was the fried green tomatoes which are topped beautifully with a nice portion of crab meat. We each enjoyed a small cup of the crab gumbo as well...can you tell we love crab ;-) They have, by far, mastered the roux and this is the most authentic gumbo I have experienced yet! Outstanding start to such a wonderful experience, and I could not wait for the rest of our meal!ENTREES: I ordered a medium-rare steak topped with six large, grilled shrimp....mouth-watering steak and cooked to perfection! The steak was a perfect cut and was so tender that my knife just cut with ease. The sides, mashed potatoes and dirty rice, were a fabulous pair to this wonderful steak. If you are a fish person, you must try the Atlantic salmon which is fresh and perfectly seasoned. It's a tough decision to make between the steak and the variety of fish offered....looks like many future visits for me :-)DESSERT: The award-winning Orange Creme Brulee is something that you have to save room for! I didn't understand the craze until I tried it myself...no regrets and the rumors are true....unbeatable! Right behind it as a favorite is the Croissant Bread Pudding served with an ice cream topping! Oh my!!! So tasty and sent from heaven!I must mention that Scott and Chef Davey, the owners, have done a fantastic job with this new location! It is truly a fine restaurant with a wonderful atmosphere and I recommend it to everyone! I was informed by our exceptional server that they will soon have live music on their large outdoor patio. And who doesn't enjoy a nice cocktail with live music?I challenge you to see for yourself and visit French Quarter.....you will thank me later! Enjoy!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/28/2012,105,112,9,14,8>To think, a few years ago, I didn't even think i LIKED Italian food. Fed up with the overly greasy, cheesy "olive gardens" of the world, I just didnt understand. That was before I tried the good places in Austin - Andiamo DEFINITELY being my favorite of the bunch. I had to come here twice before writing a review, just to make sure the amazing-ness of the first time wasn't a fluke. I was brought here by a very well-versed-in food European friend - she believes this is definitely the only authentic Italian food restaurant in Austin. Having never been to Italy (yet!), I hope she's right. The home-made pasta is amazing. I guess the best way I could describe it is "smooth", but I think that's more how it feels in my mouth, rather than a description of the pasta itself. It goes down really well, and tastes like love...honestly, there's no other way to put it. They brought us some herb-cheese bread, which was amazing. I absolutely loved the flavors in it, and it definitely helped bring out the hunger. We then had the shaved fennel salad (amazing, light and crunchy with some truffle oil), and the brandy-reduction scallops (Sweet, and not over-cooked. Awesome!) Having, now, tried pasta options here, I'm going to go ahead and say that my favorite is the cannelloni with braised pork and ricotta. Just, delicious. I wouldn't change a thing about it. It is probably one of the best textured and flavored thing I have ever eaten. And you already know how I feel about the pasta here....The restaurant, itself, is unassuming. The outside is a strip mall, not what you'd think of for a restaurant this good. The inside is nice, but simple. Everyone who works here seems beautiful - not magazine/bleached/enhanced beautiful - but some weird sort of old world beautiful. The kind of beautiful where you know they'd be fun people to hang out with. Not sure if that's more of a comment on their faces or the ambiance. I need to end this review, because I'm starting to get weird. Oops!In any case - go here please. You wont regret it!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,11/27/2012,110,659,4,10,8>Weather Up is the latest craft cocktail bar to hit Austin, and it has hit it with a storm! Originally founded in Brooklyn & Manhattan, Weather Up has moved west and opened its first non-NYC branch in Austin. The menu is amazing - divided into different sections according to base spirit - and the cocktails are fantastically delicious. Can't say enough good things. Bar Congress, Midnight Cowboy, and various other cocktail bars around town have some new competition. It's about to get real, yo!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,11/26/2012,103,180,40,9,13>One time I woke up behind this place, at 7am in the morning. I still had my wallet, my truck hadn't been towed, and there was a fresh breakfast taco in my right hand. This place is obviously awesome. Side note: Don't ever try to keep up with real Swedes, playing an authetic Swedish drinking game. You will lose.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/25/2012,309,299,4,11,8>Krause Springs my favorite Central Texas camping location! Its like a hidden tropical oasis. I love that it is privately owned, I love the no dogs rule! There are several swimming area's, I prefer the bottom part of the springs with the waterfall and cave. The natural pool is nicer but nowhere near as nice as the natural pool at barton springs. The cave behind the waterfall is super scary but the whole thing is beautiful. If you want you can camp in one of the large hollowed out tree's. That  also seems very scary. We found an awesome camping spot down by a little creek that you could perch fish in. We were there on a weekday so it wasn't very busy. There's lots of  turtles in the water so the perch fishing isn't great but is very relaxing. If the burn ban is in effect you have to get a container to have a fire. This is still great because in most central Texas parks that have camp grounds you cant have a fire. I don't like camping without a campfire it just doesnt feel right.I'm tempted to give them a perfect score but I do wish the gate didn't lock at 9pm..
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/24/2012,136,206,16,13,8>Na zda-ró-vye!Comrades - finally Austin has a proper Russian restaurant, and it's worth standing in line for! (get it? communism? breadlines? I'm hilarious.)Phenomenally huge menu, with all the Russian and Ukrainian classics you might be familiar with, plus a ton more authentic and obscure dishes.Tasty Borsch, Blini and some of the finest money caviar can buy, along with a phenomenal vodka selection.Dance club in the front, formal dining in the back... and all the waitstaff are in russian costumes.The service was a bit weird on their second day open, but everyone was warm, kind and the food was excellent.So quit Stalin' (hyuk!) and go try some excellent meat, soup and hearty offerings from our formerly red brothers.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,11/23/2012,278,170,13,10,7>[Transcript of an actual conversation]219 West: 219 West.Me: Hi! Can I please order a Bombay Gin & Tonic for pick-up?219 West: [long pause] I'm sorry ma'am, but this isn't New Orleans.Me: Just kidding, I'm outside on your patio because I have my dog and can't come in.  But, I haven't seen any one to serve me.219 West: Oh! Ha ha, right, okay, I'll have someone right out.Me: Also, I had left my credit card here on Friday night and they were unable to find it Sunday afternoon.  This is the main reason I'm here.219 West: I'll have that squared away too, just give me your first and last name.This seriously happened. And kudos for her great sense of humor. The only reason I'm ducking a star is because I had to come here twice to pick up my credit card. They hold on to it once they charge you and when I returned the next day, they were unable to locate it.  I had to go to the bottom bar, then the top bar, then ask another lady to search the office, then back up to the top bar. Good stairmaster workout! And all this was AFTER they confirmed it was in their possession on that previous Saturday over the phone. I just wish they'd add to the ambience, friendliness of staff, cool decor, and gorgeous second story view by being a tad bit more organized.  Other than that, I like this place and will continue to frequent them, as long as their entry area is dog-friendly!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/22/2012,53,195,13,20,13>I was bored one really rediculously hot Sunday and wound up watching like, 9 hours of this HBO special on the obesity epidemic in America and got all fired up and decided I was going to eat organic!  No wait, I AM GOING TO EAT VEGETABLES!  What's a vegetable?  I don't eat vegetables, I hate vegetables.  What the hell do I do with a vegetable?  I knew I'd never be able to stand there in Whole Foods and pick out random veggies and know what to do with them.  Or know what's in season.  Or know if they were actually organic or not.  So I did a lil research and found this cool delivery service and thought I'd try it out and see how it went.  The fact that they provide recipes that go with each week's shipment on their website sold me!First shipment, squash.  A lot of squash.  And eggplant.  And zucchini.  And okra.  Hmmm... what the hell do I do with this?  Make gumbo, YAY! I like gumbo.  Make eggplant parmesean!  YEAH never would have thought of that!  Now what the hell do I do with squash and zucchini?  Grill it?  Um... sure!!!!  Hey!  Grilled veggies are good!!  The little cherry like tomatoes are so tasty and sweet, I just sit with the container and a tupperware of hummus and go to town.So now I've had a few shipments and it's like Christmas on my porch every 2 weeks!  I still don't quite know what to do with all this eggplant but it's forcing me to broaden my culinary horizons.  The produce is SO fresh and flavorful, I didn't even know how substandard my local HEB selection was by comparison.  Great service, great product!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,11/21/2012,88,115,7,13,13>Thick slices of shitake mushrooms blended with a deep, clear broth and some of the crispest, fresh, local veggies...THAT'S what you take to a friend "dying" from Austin allergies.  Toss in a soft boiled egg and you virtually guarantee recovery, or at least a mention in their will.STEVE tending the bar and ensuring orders is a doll who reminds you why some servers are considered professionals (he even literally had the ingredients for a Roy Rodgers fresh!...Who has that?!  STEVE does.).  Yes the prices are higher than a generic shack beside the nail salon in open shopping mall wherever.  Go there...stop and smell the pho.  It's worth it.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,11/19/2012,8,62,10,10,8>Never again will I utter the phrase "It's just coffee." Even after reading these reviews, I thought to myself "It's gotta be overrated. Austin people just like hyping up food trucks (along with waiting in long lines for no apparent reason, running, Johnny Depp, and cross dressing homeless people)." I was wrong (about the coffee), it really is that good. Each cup is made with extreme care and precision (and possibly witchcraft, the whole process baffled me). Whatever it is, it works. I have never tasted coffee that brings out the flavor of the beans this well. Comparing this to Starbucks would be like comparing Aged Amsterdam Gouda cheese to Kraft American yellow plastic strips. They're not in the same category. If you're skeptical, try a cup and you'll quickly understand.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/18/2012,204,582,2,10,8>I'm not sure if the "Hot On Yelp" feature still exists on the revamped site, but if it did--and was personally tailored to ME--it would say Sangra!We are so into this place right now. Cute little house (with parking! and patio!) tucked over by campus. Happy hour means half-off of pizzas. HALF OFF handmade, wood-fired, "True Neapolitan" pizzas....with truffle oil...and  fresh mozzarella...and an egg on top. Craziness! They locally source and make practically everything themselves. so I trust their pasta is to-die-for. Also during HH, you get $2 off their amazing cocktails. The libations menu will make you drool. We are talking some sassy stuff like the PRESERVARE: bourbon, house fire roasted peach and moscato jam, elderflower, cocchi di torino, mint and jam amuse. One favorite is the BASILICO: tito's vodka, canton ginger, limoncello, basil. (Of course they grow the basil in their garden). They are not fooling around with their booze here; drinks are strong. You won't find sweet and sour here; at any given time they have multiple house-infused liquors, like Saffron and Round Rock Honey liquor. We were so curious we did a flight of liquors for the hell of it. I think I'd prefer to have them mixed in something but it was a fun experience. (Also, we really didn't like one of the tasters, so our server brought us another one on the house he thought we might enjoy :). I would also recommend going off menu with their ever-changing drink specials.Brunch is also stellar. With any food order Mimosas and Bellinis are only a dollar, but instead I opted for Bailey's with my french press coffee. And I had more pizza. With an egg. and truffle oil.  It's amazing, trust me. We also were served homemade bread, scones and muffins with honey butter. Go now. And, if you can sit in Joe's section, more power to ya; he rocks.EDIT: We were so bummed when Sagra disappeared, but thrilled when they re-appeared just blocks from where we'd just bought a house!  Now with parking! We just had brunch there last weekend and this time we tried the mimosas/bellinis. I am comfortable going on record that Sagra has the BEST and CHEAPEST  in town. They are a dollar with any meal purchase and use really tasty champagne and real juice/fruit puree. We brought friends and they were happy to bring us carafes!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,11/17/2012,239,180,13,15,15>Ok, whatever.  I'm doling out a five-star review.  Ya know why?  Because this is my go-to restaurant.  I  don't even eat out all that much any more with two rugrats climbing all over the show, but I cannot stay away from this place.  I see your one-star ratings and all I'm gonna say is, well, I disagree highly.  Wassamatterwifchew?  I was already in love with their beef dumpling soup, their spicy tuna rolls, seafood pancake, bulgogi, and longed to try more things (though I knew not what they were)!  Then I watched this fantastic Korean movie on Netflix instant watch called Castaway on the Moon.  Super quirky just like a lot of Korean movies, but with an overdose of quirky cute that puts Zoe Deschanel to shaaaaame.  Good grief this movie is totes adorbz.  Anyways, they have this central meal in the movie I'd never heard of... black bean noodles.  "Hmm, perhaps my favorite lil Korean joint has this dish?",  I mused...HOLYDELICIOUSTOWN.  I had no idea that stupid noodles with a piddly ole black bean sauce could be so rich and addictive!  Note: this is not a vegetarian dish, but does not have any giant meat pile on it either.  There are small pieces of pork in the thick sauce, but I'm still not sure how they manage to make this plate so satisfying.  It's the number 1 on their list and my heart.  The menu also calls it a soup, which is misleading.  You have to chew this.  There is no soupyness to slurp, per se.  And now a little love letter of sorts to top it off:I love how their appetizers that come free with dine-in food are always changing.  I love how the waitress always plays with my babies.I love how I could throw a rock at this place from my house.I love how this place is crazy super reasonably priced.Lastly, I love how this place is clean, friendly, and open late!  Til 10pm on weeknights!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,11/16/2012,116,224,6,12,8>We took a friend with Celiacs for dinner one evening. I have to say, I've done the whole GF thing and frankly, I always felt that I was sacrificing something. Riviera Bistro delivered, and then some. The space is small, but cute, and I like how they have created a more defined space for themselves apart from the yoga studio. As much as I love yoga, I don't want to think about it when I'm about to devour some of the crispiest, most flavorful calamari I've ever tasted. My husband is pretty picky when it comes to calamari, and the fact that it was breaded with potato flour and perfectly flash fried and presented with a nice trio of sauces, (Basil mayo was the winner in my group), prompted him to declare it a new fave.We also tried the chickpea bread which tasted so lovely, salty, almost a bit like curry, and had a soft and light consistency unlike most GF breads.For our main courses, our lovely friend had the crispy salmon with polenta and she raved about it. I had the perfectly seared Scallops with red pepper polenta  and a cheesy veggie stack that tasted like veggie lasagna- minus the noodles of course. The serving size looks small and delicate upon initial presentation, but that must have been an optical illusion as I couldn't finish my plate.My husband ordered the pork tenderloin with their GF mac n' cheese and he was  truly amazed about the al dente texture of the macaroni. I tried it, and it could stand up to any wheat noodle mac n' cheese dish found at most higher end places. This kitchen and chef know what they are doing...And so does the wait staff. Our server was a gregarious and passionate lady that helped us make excellent choices not only for dinner but for our wine. She embodies the spirit of great customer service and really created a fabulous experience for us.We look forward to returning and perhaps meeting the chef as he has filled a much needed niche in Austin.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,11/15/2012,209,219,9,12,11>Silly me thought that a quick end-of-night visit to Swift's Attic would include a cocktail and possibly a light snack.  Instead, it involved cocktails, beer, and many delicious food stuffs that made all my clothing feel tighter when I left.First of all, I love the look of this place.  It's got an industrial vibe to it that's warmly offset by the noble swallow portraits in the bar and the super friendly waitstaff, hostess, and owner/manager.  Since we were all newbs, the waitress helped me select the 1984 gin cocktail.  Maybe not as stimulating or I guess, sedating as Soma, but it was tart and tasty without being too sweet. Really great beer selection as well, though a little steep on price.  But I've come to realize that while good beer is easier to find in Austin, it still comes with a finder's fee included.For food we had the calamari frites/fries/sticks, fried pickled green beans and okra, edamame served with salt and pop rocks, and  banh mini's.  Holy Bacon Bits, those were tasty!  All superior to Bacon Bits, too.  The calamari was cooked perfectly!  Crispy coating and delicious, tender squid inside.  A non-chewy calamari is a thing of beauty!  The fried pickled green beans blew my mind.  I love two things in this world: fried things and pickles.  This dish combined them with a dash of awesome sauce.  I'll admit, when I first saw it slide onto the table I was skeptical, but now I see the light...of the grease.  The edamame with pop rocks was quite a fun and yummy experience.  The pop rocks are a really cool touch, though they lose their pop soon.  Finally, the foie gras banh mini's were cute and had a great texture to them.  Really a bonus for someone who hates the melty-ness of how foie is traditionally served.  Mad props to CK, one of the owners and GM, who guided us (basically ordered for us)  on our late-night, snack feast.  Pretty excited to learn that this place serves lunch, too.  Am always on the hunt for places to abuse my business account...J/K IRS!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/14/2012,121,212,6,11,13>I am a kid in a candy store.101 beers on tap, more than half of which are Texas beers, and every type of sausage you can think of, with options of roll, toppings, sauces, and sides...Not to mention slick design and decor, and excellent service...Should I mention the $8 lunch special, or should I keep that little gem to myself?Banger's pulls off an incredible feat of balancing a modern, upscale restaurant/bar concept with a traditional tavern, maintaining a connection with authentic German roots, while being distinctly true-to-Texas.  It all ties in seemlessly from menu to drinks to service to design/decor.5 stars.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/13/2012,95,166,10,13,6>Well, definitely my new favorite coffee place... and yes, I am saying this because:-it is in my neighborhood, and my neighborhood is better than yours-they use compostable coffee cups, lids and hot jackets, and those are better than your coffee shop's which uses non-compostable products-they have three rooms to hang out in, one is a quiet room fro studying, and yours definitely doesn't have three rooms nor especially a quiet room-they sell vegan food options, and yours probably doesn't-they have free wifi, and if yours doesn't by now, you are really getting screwed-they have nightly beer specials, and your definitely doesn't sell beer at night!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/12/2012,36,184,14,4,6>Yes, it is better than Alamo because of the beer, prices and overall atmosphere.  I didn't like that i couldn't park my fat ass aunt outside the theatre instead of sitting next to her but there is always next year.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,11/10/2012,368,209,18,12,16>Instructions for a successful Dolce Vita:1. Volunteer for event setup 3-4 hours the day before or day of--earn $100 discount on $125 ticket.2. Park car at park and ride on Jackson near 35th/Mopac. 3. Back up car Texas parking style because car has been having starter problems. May need a jump later. That's what she said.4. Join good friend as we mosey over to fancy shuttle bus, complete with welcoming driver.5. Say "Oh shit!" and run clumsily back to car.6. Retrieve admissions ticket from back of car. Then repeat step 4.7. Get red wristband at table, indicating do-gooder volunteer status.8. Overhear someone say "volunteers get in early". Score!9. Walk through gates ahead of people in line. Score!10. Run into boss's husband inside front gate, who happens to be a police officer guarding the event. Tell him he may as well arrest me now. ha ha.11. Promise to be good. (wink)12. Text other volunteers so they don't stand in line. More do-gooder karma. 13. Walk towards first wine tasting booth. Get perplexed look from person in wine tasting booth. "Got glass?"14. Turn and run to table you passed up with all the wineglasses. Duh...15. Pick up glass and plastic tray for holding food. Insert glass in handy glass holder on tray.16. Eat shrimp with magically delicious brusselsprouts. How do you spell that?17. Say "I'm back!" to wine guy. Get glass of white wine. From Argentina, you say? (I don't actually remember).18. Eat ahi tuna.19. Get more wine.20. Eat rare tenderloin.21. Get more wine.22. Eat chocolate mousse? No, just grab for later.23. Drink wine.24. Drink wine.25. Run into more yelpers.26. Drink wine.27. Eat um, oh shoot, what did I eat after this...28. Drink wine.29. Eat head cheese. Not as good as it sounds.30. Grab free bottle of water for later.31. Run into more yelpers, one wearing a sailor cap.32. Eat, drink, eat, drink, eat, drink, eat, drink, eat, drink, eat, and drink. Drink. Drink.33. Take photos in honest-to-goodness photo booth. Realize, that's where that yelper stole or borrowed that sailor hat.34. Laugh, laugh, and laugh.35. Hear "You Spin Me Round" like a record baby and sprint, sprint, sprint to makeshift dance floor. 36. Dance, sweat, dance, laugh. Run into more yelpers. 37. Walk to shuttle.38. Decide that the best line you heard tonight was "this bud's for you" as a kind stranger gives you a yellow rose.39. Get on shuttle.40. Get in car. Car starts. Car good.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/9/2012,485,555,13,14,19>Review 400 is for all you lovers out there, wherever you are. Thinking about some special someone, or cuddling up to them in the holy sanctity of one of your apartments. Are you arguing with your woman? Man come home late last night? Stop your fussing and call your woman, call your man: Reverend Al Green can make everything wrong feel right, and everything right feel RIGHTER. That's the Reverend's specialty, and a few weeks ago, at his ACL Live performance, he put the ENGAGEMENT magic on us. That's what I said: Al Green's vocal spell of love, harmony, and salacious commitment came out strong through the ACL speakers, which did not fail the majesty of his powerful voice. Out poured the sweet, sugary syrup of Love and Happiness, the gentle fierceness of Loving You Too Long, the breath-taking brilliance of his cover of Dock of the Bay. Not a bad seat was to be had in the venue, which caters specifically to those who want to hear, to see, and to KNOW that love is RIGHT. Love is kind dedication, dancing and holding on to the one true love of your life, put on earth just for you and wrapped in bacon, or a sugary confection - depending on your weakness.Don't hold back. Listen to me now! No time like the present to remember the easy check-in process at ACL Live, and how the best seats actually weren't available during the Pre-Sale they had emailed about. No uh UH! Regular-sale day felt good and right - and guaranteed to make you want to love someone, anyone. Four rows from the Reverend, our lovefest soared and roared mightily.And there was apparently enough love coming out of this event than we knew what to do with. More than we could IMAGINE. Looking back on it now, I believe that this was the spell that broke the magic's back, the love to stir all loves, the strengthiest of the strengths in bonding hearts harmony!Because as of just a few sweet days, the boy and the girl (*this* girl) are engaged to be married in holy matrimonious thunderous loveous love. Thank you, Reverend Al Green, and the facilitators at ACL Live, who will be presiding over and planning the wedding for us, respectively.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/8/2012,130,201,4,9,7>This is the ultimate indie film theatre for People of the North such as myself. It has a great array of indie films, multiple screens, working equipment, friendly staff, plenty of parking, and it's clean!   Remembering my college days of watching "art films" with my feet sticking to the floor and the sound and picture warbling, I was extremely grateful for all of the above. Other reviewers complained about old seats, so I was prepared to sit on a velvet stool, but ours were the comfy modern type, sporting squishy padding with cupholders. My daughter and I went to a 7pm show of Moonrise Kingdom on a Saturday night, and the single line at the box office was reasonable....maybe 25 people waiting.  For the time and/or patience-challenged movie-goer, there's a dual purpose ATM/ticket dispenser located to the left of the box office.  Since we had used all our leeway time trying to find the place, I tried it out and was instantly presented with two printed tickets to the show that started in 10 minutes. And it takes credit cards, folks (debit also). You can buy tickets in advance for different days and times, if you're in a planning mood. The tickets were a bit pricey in comparison with other local theatres: $10 a seat. But this is art, people. So here's some advice on finding this panacea of yesteryear: the address says Great Hills Trail, but the actual theatre is at the back of the parking lot around the corner of La Madeleine, far from Great Hills Trail. Enter the shopping center from the south off Great Hills at 183, or enter from the north at the marquis from 183, and drive around to the back parking lot behind the L-shaped strip mall on the La Madeleine side.  It's that separate building out back with all the people heading toward it like it's a bomb shelter.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/7/2012,261,103,8,8,5>There are times in life that I think I nitpick too much for my own good. In my defense, my profession _does_ rely on a high level of attention to detail and a compulsion to be annoyingly consistent, so I suppose it makes sense. And that's probably why I'm sometimes annoyed with my experience at Thrice: my enjoyment of my Filthy Chai (with Almond milk) depends on the barista. Call me old fashioned, but I feel like I should be able to go to a coffee shop and enjoy the same drink made from different baristas. But hey, I've never actually worked in a coffee shop, so what do I know?Now, don't let that slightly negative start to this review get me wrong: I'm a big fan of Thrice. It's my neighborhood coffee shop (for the next 2 weeks), and I think the pros far out number the cons.Pros: delicious baked goods, delicious Chai, great coffee, yummy breakfast tacos (I recommend the Thai Omelet taco). They also have a lot of tables and free Wifi, so it's a great place to get some work done. On top of all that, one of the baristas (haven't caught her name yet) knows my order, and I can just say "the usual." This makes me happy. She's also very consistent with her Filthy Chai making skills, so I only go in now when I know she's working. They also have Rockstar bagels, which I finally discovered are delicious (right before I cut out most carbs from my diet... sad panda.)Cons: inconsistency between baristas, doesn't open until 8 a.m.See, look at that lopsided pros list! Do yourself a favor: pop in on a weekend and enjoy some of their delicious coffee, their scrumptious vegan zucchini bread, or a Curried Potato breakfast taco. You won't regret it!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/6/2012,65,231,4,7,8>As mentioned in my first review I had planned a return visit to try the Rosedale Fried Egg Sandwich. When my husband and I lived in Los Angeles there was a place called Big Tomy's and it was our go to place for a late night/early morning delicious Fried Egg Sandwich. It has been hard to find a good fried egg sandwich but I was thoroughly surprised and satisfied by this sandwich from Daisies.The Rosedale Fried Egg Sandwich is served with truffle aioli, bacon, melted Swiss cheese on toasted sourdough w/ tomato slices, and avocado. You have a choice of a side of house potatoes or fruit salad...all for $5.99. The sourdough was soft, not hard as expected from most sourdough breads. The truffle aioli was subtle, not overpowering, perfectly complementing the other flavors of the sandwich. The egg was PERFECTLY cooked over medium such that when you sliced the sandwich in half, the golden yellow yolk began oozing out onto the plate. A DELICIOUS sandwich at a great price. I'm not much of a potato person so I paired my sandwich with the fruit salad...definitely the way to go....especially since I LOVE fruit :-) The owners also threw in the Peach Oolong (YUMMY yummy tea) free of charge! Score! I thought that was pretty awesome :-)While we ate our lunch we got to chat with Angie for some time. I warned the owners that my husband would probably be there everyday. He likes to try everything on the menu when he finds a new place that he enjoys.If you have not been here, definitely come check it out. The owners are super nice and friendly and of course good food doesn't hurt right?
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,11/5/2012,79,202,2,4,4>There aren't many places in Austin where $16 can feed two people sitting down in a restaurant on a Friday night, with leftovers to boot!My friend and I met here last Friday night. I was able to snag the last spot in the parking lot. At the counter we ordered two italian sodas, focaccia with balsamic to dip, and the potato + rosemary + goat cheese pizza, all for the low low price of $16! Ridic. There was some seating on the screened in porch that we chose to sit at, and luckily the overhead heaters were on because it was slightly cool outside. We did wait about 45 mins for the pizza to come, which was kinda long I thought, but when it came we thoroughly enjoyed it.Perhaps next time I'll order one to go?
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,11/4/2012,90,138,2,8,7>The Carillon is hands down the best restaurant in Austin. From amazing appetizers, to main course and a stunning dessert all wrapped in excellent service, this looks unbeatable. This is sophisticated food in a good way, not pretentious, but endlessly fascinating tastes. I had an impossible time even guessing how some of the dishes were created. The setting is definitely different. High archways repeat down the length of the dining room. Each has a set of quotes on it. I think we figured out what they represent, I won't spoil the fun of figuring it out.  The kitchen is open to the dining room and it's an amazing kitchen. I like the open kitchens, nothing to hide it great when some is preparing my food.It's pricey, but not unreasonable for what you get. Plan on a long, unrushed dining experience, enjoy each dish. In my mind, this is a must visit restaurant in Austin.* I used a Yelp coupon, nice.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,11/3/2012,277,405,5,7,6>As giddy as a school girl on Christmas morning with Justin Bieber singing next to my tree--  the end to my boring diet has opened in Austin! As a frequenter to their Bay Area location I anxiously awaited their opening. I remember the day I drove by almost wrecking my car to do a double take making sure I read the sign correctly. I immediately started calling and texting people saying "OMG Lupe Tortilla is coming to Austin." No one believed me initially - yippppeeeeeee First day... I shared the best ever fajitas with my handsome date and literally felt like I needed to be escorted out via a wheel barrel contraption. Second day... build your own: cheese enchilada, beef enchilada, and crispy taco - couldn't finish it - I think I was still feeling the fajita overload from the day before. At their Bay Area restaurant I have ordered just about everything on the menu over the years (don't judge me!) the food here is no different. Pros:The charro beans delivered with chips (oh my!) and tortillas are definitely death to the thighs (in a good way). Great foodAttentive fun service staff Cons:You not eating there! The wait to be seated during peak times (but well worth it)
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,11/2/2012,155,309,10,13,9>Sweet Caroline's Snow is the finest snow around, and they are BLOWING UP in this town I tell ya!!  It is like comparing cubed ice to Sonic ice for drinks. There. Is. No. Comparison.SCSS's newest trailer in town (there are working on having 10 this summer!) pimps what they call 'New Orleans style snowballs' and is located on the north side of Slaughter Lane - across from the new Alamo Drafthouse in Circle C. This location is great because they added ample chairs under the trees so you can sit and chill and enjoy your balls.From here they will be slinging their fine shaved ice in so many flavors and flavor combinations from NOLA that we may actually keep cool all summer. In addition to their many flavors, they have a proprietary 'Sweet Cream' topper that is to die for!But don't worry, if you forget to order the Sweet Cream, I bet they'll remind you!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,11/1/2012,151,285,3,9,7>Visited Workhorse again last night (after two previous attempts which were foiled by a broken water line) and got to take the place in a bit more.   I also met the cook, owners and bartenders.I didn't realize it on my first visit, but their prices are great!    $3 or $4 for the majority of the beers!    They also pour full 16 ounce pints for beers like Gold Fist that other bars offer in 10 ounce glasses for more money!    The fried pickles are the best I've ever had.    The batter is absolutely fluffy and amazing and is apparently made with Lawnmower beer.    Everyone around us said the burger was really good, but the cook recommended we try the portabella cap sandwich.   Against all meat loving logic, we tried it and were very pleased.   Great flavors and textures - I would definitely get it again.   Mac and cheese was average - feedback was provided requesting more cheesy goodness next time.We also checked out the patio in back - very nice for the space that they have.   I will definitely be spending some time out there in the near future.They probably do need to add some more chairs inside - all of them were taken even though there were two empty tables available.Great to have these guys in the neighborhood - I will be spending a great deal of time and money here.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,10/31/2012,4221,482,6,10,9>I really enjoyed my experience here at Snow House Yogurt.  Got to try them out thanks to a Groupon.  Here's the lowdown: 1.  Large area w/ tables spaced out, and outside seating, plenty of room. 2.  Love the yogurt selection!  So many varieties to choose from, and some unique flavors too like Taro Root which was pretty good!3.  Try before you buy!  I just love that.  Minimizes the risk in getting something you may not be as fond of, problem is I had to work hard to narrow down my choices. 4.  Self serve.  It can be a good thing or a bad thing, but when you're mixing yogurts and combinations you can control what and how much you want.  5.  Tons of toppings.  Also self serve, there's so much to choose and - again, I had to work hard to widdle down my choices cuz there's a lot of good stuff. 6.  Excellent and courteous customer service!  The owners were here, she was very polite and helpful in walking us through the process and experience.  Very eager to please. 7.  Quality product.  The yogurt is quality here, she explained how some ingredients are shipped in from Italy and are authentic, nothing fake here.  And the toppings are also clean, fresh, and high quality as well.  Definitely perfect for the palate. My finished mini yogurt bucket was reasonably priced, however, I can see how one could easily get out of hand here w/ the amount of freedom you have.  It would be nice to have smaller sized containers (there were only 2 there:  large and extra large, not sure if they ran out) to help control that, but then again, who wants to be controlled around all this good stuff?  LOL!  This is a place I definitely recommend, a bit off the beaten path for some of you urbanites but it's also nice and quiet so we were able to enjoy our yogurt concoctions in peace.  Then you could take a nap - - I'm sure they wouldn't mind.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,10/30/2012,198,276,5,7,8>I was really excited about this place because they serve Indian fry bread (Sitting Bull, not Ghandi). The woman working the trailer was very sweet so I let her pretty much pick what I was going to try. She suggested starting with a taco if I'd never had fry bread before. She recommended the Pecker taco with both green and red sauce. When it was brought out I was really surprised to see how huge it was. At first I thought this would make it difficult to eat, but the fry bread holds up really well, and made it easy to eat as a taco. All of the flavors blended together perfectly. There was a very generous amount of the roasted chicken which was still juicy, along with the beans, and God only knows what else that made it so yummy. I didn't do a lot of looking...just a lot of eating. I can't wait to go back and try one of the pizzas!The prices were very reasonable for the amount of food...I know that's sometimes an issue with trailers, but not here!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,10/29/2012,254,785,8,10,5>Great fine-dining experience.  My wife and I did the 3 course prix fix meal ($75/person) for our anniversary and first 'leave the baby at home' dinner.  We both loved it.   Highlights:- Cocktails - Enjoyed the two gin-based cocktails I tried - one with some grapefruit juice (byo endo) the other a take on a gin & tonic.- Amuse Bouche - Potato with Parmesan Foam.  Man, I hate foam.  So pretentious.  But this was very good.  Makes me want to buy a wheel of parmesan and inject it with rabies.- Lobster & Asparagus Salad - Beautiful presentation.  Tasted just as good.- White Lobster Bisque - So much better than Red Lobster Bisque.- Charred Ribeye Loin - One of the best pieces of red meat I've ever had.  Cooked perfectly.  The outside was just so flavorful - its bold, simple flavors (particularly salt) reminded me more of BBQ 'bark' than a steak.  Could've probably eaten a triple portion of thisDecor and service were also great.We were able to walk in and get a seat at 6PM on a Thursday.  I wouldn't try that trick any later as it starts filling up around 7PM.  By that point, you'd have to campaign pretty hard for a seat in Congress (yeah, awful, i know...)Given the high price, I'd definitely read up and choose your 3 selections wisely.  While the above highlights are 5-star, I'd be less complimentary if it was based on the dishes we liked least as part of our 3 courses (Beef Tartare, Potato Gnocchi, Veal Tenderloin).
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,10/28/2012,146,147,4,12,9>Wow! W.O.W. to be honest, I was very sad to see the previous restaurant go and was hesitant to try Salty Sow. First off, I didnt find the name very appealing and I was considering boycotting the place in hopes of a Red House Pizza come back.  My goodness,  I'm glad I got over my pouting and joined my friend chose to have a girls night dinner here! I loved the renovations and the waitstaff was as nice as they get. I'm not sure I've ever been somewhere were we all got something different and loved every bite of food they put in front of us!  The drink menu is fun and fresh and the menu is inventive without scaring you away. The Eats: tuna crostini (do not miss this), charcuterie plate, brussell sprouts, smashed potatoes in bone marrow gravy, redfish, hay wrapped pork shoulder, scallops, chili seared tuna, chocolate truffles, bananas foster beinets. All of this food on top of a bottle if wine and about 5 specialty drinks and we walked out of there paying about $50 each.  Yes, we did the damn thing!  I'm going to have to try that turkey leg sometime!The high quality of food along with super affordable prices is a winning combo In my book. I don't think they had any entrees above $18--even the bone in filet! I will officially be raving about Salty Sow to everyone I know and counting down the days until my next visit. Well done!!Oh--and they take reservations and have plenty of free parking.  Can I add another star for this?
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,10/27/2012,125,534,7,7,9>I think Rainey St. is the 6th St for those young professionals who are too old to party on Dirty 6th but too young to stop partying. It's full of hip bars that cater to a distinct set. Icenhauers looks like one of those cool modern architectural homes that you totally want to live in but can't afford. From the ultra-zen back patio to the wineglass chandelier in the front room, it is sleek and sexy and you totally wish you lived there. On Sundays they have large, quart-sized jars of sangria for $5 as well as cheap mimosas. It's a great place to relax, hide behind your sunglasses, and pick apart everyone's outfit with your equally hungover friend.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,10/26/2012,989,456,13,22,16>I was aware that I had already been treated to a birthday dinner a few days before, but on the ACTUAL day of my birthday, Mom felt it appropriate to take me to lunch. When asked where I wanted to go, I answered Henri's (since it was "Hot on Yelp"). But since the owner of Henri's decided not to "do lunch" anymore--and only "focus on the retail side" of his business (something we were informed of only when we actually walked into Henri's)--I performed a quick mental pivot and made reservations at Eleven Plates, the one restaurant on my list that had eluded me during Austin Restaurant Week. Eleven Plates is located in Davenport Village, a shopping center I had always thought consisted solely of a Maudie's and some BS-vanity-project-dress-shop by Susan Dell. The latter dates me, as that was opened in 1999 and closed a couple years ago, but the two had always been linked in my mind. Eleven Plates is on the second floor and as soon as I noticed it had a balcony, I knew where I'd want to be seated.The agreeable hostess let me choose our table on the patio. Thankfully, the weather had held out that day and instead of raining had transformed into a lovely, breezy day. It was in passing a whole lot of ladies that I realized quite early on we were definitely in a "ladies who lunch" spot. A quick tip made mention of being surrounded by "trophy wives", but on that afternoon all I saw were two blondes drinking a lot of white wine on the outdoor couch. Whatever. In any event, we all know I'm a trophy wife at heart.    Our waitress Lindsay was especially sweet and explained to us the Happy Hour menu (which began at 3:00 PM), as well as the $21 3-course "Westlake Lunch" they offer in the same vein as a prix fixe menu for Austin Restaurant Week. We began with iced teas and an order of Marcona almonds w/ sea salt as a snack. Mom said they reminded her of living in Spain. She also reminded me how ironic it was on a return vacation back, she couldn't find a single vendor who sold them. They told her they probably exported all of them to the States. Wherever they came from, they were quite good. Lindsay also discovered it was my 30th birthday, and remarked that meant the end of sticking my face and making a mess in the birthday cake. I told her I'd do it in a heartbeat if she brought one out, but that she'd probably kick me out. On the contrary, she said she'd respect me. I liked her already.  I perused the Happy Hour Menu and had already chosen the wagyu sliders, when Lindsay named off a special that included crab cakes atop fried green tomatoes. Sold. The crab cakes were divine...not fishy at all, and they paired wonderfully with the lightly breaded tomatoes. I hadn't had fried tomatoes this good since Bar Americain in NYC; it was the perfect start to the meal (although priced about as much as the three course lunch. Not that it mattered, but don't be shy to ask the price of the specials, because that's where they can surprise you). First Course: The grilled asparagus with baby rocket arugula, manchego cheese and citrus vinaigrette. Light and tasty, the citrus and asparagus always makes for a good combination. Mom mentioned again that manchego cheese was made in the La Mancha region of Spain. I see we were having a Spanish theme here. (As an aside, I thought it was fun that they were playing songs from the 60's and the 80's; it was like a mashup of my mother's and my favorite songs. She enjoyed "Let It Be", while I patted myself on the back for remembering all the words to Billy Joel's 'We Didn't Start The Fire". That's right. I'm that awesome.) Second Course: The soft shell crab sandwich with Maine soft shell crab, avocado, green tomato, bibb lettuce, yuzu tartar sauce on a house bun. Delicious. Amazing. The waitress said it was her favorite, and I understood why. It was the perfect luncheon entree, just skirting the borders of flavorfully rich, but not overwhelmingly so. Plus, the avocado is the good fat I can have and the tartar sauce added just the right amount of zest. Third course: The chef's daily sorbet selection, which in my case was the mixed berry. I asked after the cucumber celery sorbet the quick tips raved about, but she informed me that was something the old chef prepared, and they had just welcomed a new chef. Mixed berry would be just fine. And indeed it was, with each bite a luscious burst of berry. And after two crab dishes, I wasn't looking to delve into anything too heavy. What was there not to like? I love being a lady who lunches. We had a nice view of the hills, excellent food, a pleasant waitress, and all the time in the world to enjoy ourselves. It's funny: I will of course remember my birthday dinner at Fleming's...but I think I'll ALWAYS remember that perfect luncheon with Mom at Eleven Plates the day I turned 30. 4 Stars.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/25/2012,704,840,13,22,20>Let's see....102...103...steps?  I lost count. It's really not much of a climb and the view is spectacular on a clear day or night.  You will immediately see beautiful Lake Austin and to your right, the Pennybacker Bridge. We hit it on a very hazy day and later read that African Dust had invaded Austin.  Yikes!There are several commemorative plaques at the foot of the steps detailing the history of Mount Bonnell.  Be sure to take time to read them. "Big Foot" Wallace, a Texas Ranger, once hid in a cave in the area to escape American Indians after he had killed one.  He stayed so long that his fiance eloped when he did not show for their wedding.  Well, duh.And, just a note to those who smoke cigarettes: Don't be a butt and take your butts with you!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,10/24/2012,72,112,4,11,10>Family. As I sat in the newly-opened Loop and chatted with the manager, it was clear this restaurant and bar is all about family. The recipes are old family recipes from aunts, grandparents, and Mama. And Mama isn't just some abstract matronly figure on the menu--I can see her from where we're sitting. She's helping out at the bar. This is a family business.The Loop gave us the option of "small, medium, or large" on everything, which I thought was really nice... you don't have to get enough to feed a small village if all you want is a few fresh-battered mozzarella balls... as a result it's easy to get an appetizer where I normally would pass.We started with a small pickle chips and got a ten or so spicy hand-battered thick-cut pickle chips, freshly fried with a ranch-style dipping sauce. I have tried pickle chips all over town, and if you're a fan of the chip, these are definitely worth a taste. The small order was just the right size so we didn't get pickle-drunk and struggle with the rest of our food ... if you're a fan of the pickle chip you know what I'm talking about.We also got a milkshake. It was well-served but the recipe didn't leave it very chocolaty. I suggested they tweak the recipe to increase the chocolate levels, and they took it under consideration.For the entree, we got the "Grown-up Grilled Cheese" with sweet potato fries. The Texas Toast with 4-cheeses was indeed flavorful enough for a grown-up, but I shared the leftovers with my kids and they enjoyed it just fine as well.The sweet potato fries were remarkable... fresh-cut in the back, and steak-style (thick) preserving the contours, such that you could almost imagine putting them back together to form the original yam from whence they came.I'd like to come back and try the build-your-own burger, and "Mama's Surprise" -- didn't have the time or appetite to get around to it on this trip, but the description on the menu (and from the manager) sounded promising.The place is new. It smells slightly of fresh carpet glue and the bar stools--even the whole bar, really-are sparkly as if they just rolled off the factory line. The decor is not exceptionally quirky and the atmosphere, at least when we were there in the nearly-empty restaurant, was not a lot different from the Super Buffet that I'd been to before in the same location. I could be wrong, but I don't see this becoming a trendy hipster magnet.But the food is good, the prices are reasonable, and the portion-sizing is innovative and helpful. For me, that's a combination that's worth coming back to.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,10/23/2012,154,152,6,10,12>My dog and I both love Red Bud Dog Park. I love it because I can let my dog off the leash and he is totally protected from traffic, after you park, Red bud goes into a point and is an island so you don't have to worry about through traffic or anything like that. My dog loves it because he gets to be a dog. He runs and gets in the water, sniffs butts as is the custom is doggy world. All of the dog owners I have met while taking my pooch there have been very friendly and chat about their dog-children. This is a great little oasis for your dog, even if it isn't close to your home and you have to get in the car, do it it will be worth it. Some things to think about: Parking- as mentioned in other reviews the parking can be limited, a good way to avoid this is to go earlier, it seems most people start to arrive after 11am on the weekends so if you go before that its not really an issue. During the week it is not super crowded so you should be okay.Bring poop bags- they have them available but on busy weekends they can run out and this park is way to small to leave poop lying around.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,10/22/2012,365,449,9,8,7>FINALLY I MADE IT HERE!!!!  I've been wanting to try this joint for quite a while now.  I also wanted to meet Jenny!  Bingo, she was at work today.  Super friendly, super sexy.  Big boss man wasn't bad on the eye either!!  Sorry dude, had to put that in there!  Errol recommended the number three.  So I ordered it.  WTF!  I should have ordered two!!  I wasn't expecting anything great, but, to my surprise, my taste buds screamed for more!  Seriously, the onions, shrooms and spinach drizzled in the orange chipotle(?) rocked my mouth.  I wanted to turn around and go back, but I was afraid they'd think I was stalking them.  JK!  I didn't pop a picture only because it was raining.  I was impressed, very impressed.  I want to go back.  I will go back.  If only they would open at 0600.  I could get my taco, pop over to MN for my red eye, then off to work for my 10 hour shift.....(Sometimes dreams do come true......)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,10/21/2012,82,178,12,8,9>Both Tiffany and Laura are great at what they do, are fun to talk to, and are remarkably punctual for a salon that is booked as fully as it is. I've had three haircuts here so far, and I've been perfectly happy with each. The best thing is that, for Halloween, they are going to give me and my two boys matching Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un haircuts so that our neighbors can give candy to the Dear Leaders.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/20/2012,221,512,6,6,5>Very excited about the new Mueller Farmers Market. Lots of great vendors were out there for the opening weekend. It was absolutely packed though, so I think they are going to have to extend it outside of the hangar so that folks can walk more easily. Lots of dogs there - one tried to eat my little dog which was not good, but others seemed well behaved. Check it out!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/19/2012,132,354,9,9,6>This is my new favorite hangout.  Wednesday night is apparently $1.25 light (foamy water) beers and $2.25 shiners before 10pm.  Somehow 2 light beers and a shiner ran me OVER $10 after 10pm though...not sure how that worked.But the DANCE FLOOR IS SO BIG and SMOOTH and FULL (is that what she said?) of every level of dancers.  While there's the occasional creeper old enough to be my dad, there's plenty of polite and friendly faces of all ages as well.See you soon Dallas. :D
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/18/2012,88,128,20,21,14>The last time I had a hair dresser that I loved...and by loved, I mean...WORSHIPED in a goddess-like fashion, followed her around like a puppy dog, thought she could do no wrong even if she turned me into a platinum blonde and shaved slanted cuts into both my eyebrows on a crazed psychotic break of a whim...sort of way----I was 18 years old. I faithfully saw this dear woman and relied on her heavily. She understood that though I sported a pixie cut, I didn't want thin wispy tapered sideburns like every other pixie cut female walking the planet. I wanted a straight edged cut....that still made me look feminine. And by gosh, she would deliver.How do you deliver that hair cut? I don't know...but she did it. It was hair that I consistently got stopped by onlookers to be told how great of a cut it was. She was incredible. And theeeeeen the heifer left me. She up & moved to "Nebraska"...for "family" or some bs excuse like that. I'm still scarred by that breakup...I mean informative conversation she had with me.And for 10 years I wandered around like Moses and his band of Israelite's did in the desert for 40 years. I was aimless, fruitless, lost and forlorn. I NEVER once saw a hair stylist more than once because NO ONE ever delivered the hair I KNEW I was born to rock. I never, ever thought I'd see that would-be land of milk and honey where hairdressers knew what the they were doing with curly hair. A place where a hair dresser embraced natural hair, didn't want to "thin" thick curls, or heaven forbid thought that using a razor on curly hair would help give you texture.(WE HAVE CURLY HAIR...WE'VE ALREADY GOT TEXTURE COMING OUT OF OUR YING YANGS THANK YOU!) A mystical, magical land  where each and every stylist in a salon was masterful at what they created in their chairs. I had all but given up...chalked it up and heavyheartedly resigned this dream to folklore. 10 years went by, I had now transitioned from a pixie to a place where I'm trying to grow my hair to Mulan-like lengths.And then I moved to Austin. Don't get me wrong, I love so many things about Austin, but certain things were getting me super down in the dumps. (lack of cultural diversity, lack of fashion diversity...ect.) So, in search for something to help me feel like this city was finally home...I booked an appointment with Amanda E. at Method.Hair, waited with baited  breath...and BY GEORGE, HALLELUJAH, PRAISE THE BABY OF EVERY WOMAN WHO HAS EVER CLAIMED IMMACULATE CONCEPTION...I FOUND MY MT. SINAI, MY MECCA, MY REASON FOR BEING (hairwise that is)....This ravishing goddess of a woman pulled up a stool, plopped down, and talked to me for 10 minutes about my hair--it's history, the products I used (I actually brought her every product I used to make my hair curl so that she could steer me in the right direction), what I wanted, what my ideal hair would look like, and other things I can't even remember! And then-----as if inspiration came wafting out of the hair dryer blowing near us and into her genius skull----she just knew. She knew what needed to be done with my hair. I had come armed with hopeful pictures of what I dreamt my hair could one day be. I was STUNNED when I didn't have to pull one single picture out to "show" her what I wanted.I can't begin to explain the magic that ensued. I simply can not break down, or convey how this woman did what she did. But it was ridiculous. She is TALENTED. She is beyond gifted.  I know that the LOVELY Shannon gets BLOWN UP on here for her magical talents  with curly hair....but, seeing as her, well worth it wait, can sometimes be a month out---and I was able to book with Amanda E. within the week....I'm telling you...GIVE THIS WOMAN A GO! I posted a picture on yelp of my hair after she got done with it...I had sex hair. She gave me f**kable hair. I know...that's vulgar, but I'm telling you....you'd want to seduce that hair if it was on your head too. Amanda did a deep conditioning mask on my hair, the AMAZING Renée  (sp??---forgive me if I butchered it)....washed my hair and gave me a scalp massage that almost had me moaning. (You're welcome Renée .... I know that would have probably made you feel really strange, awkward, and potentially completely skeezed out....but woman, you have a gift.)All the ladies at this salon were so sweet, and would comment on other client's cuts...and it was just such an uplifting environment. Method----I'm sold. No other hair-artist will TOUCH these locks except for Amanda E. Y'all are .... well....like I said...you gave me F***kable hair....what the hell else could I ask for?? Oh---and people stop me all the time now to tell me how great they think my hair is! I haven't had that in this volume for almost a decade. *sob*Oh...and Amanda, just in the event that this experience wasn't as magical for you as it was for me....the next time I come in, you'll recognize me by the dazed Puss-In-Boots glassy eyed stare I'll be gazing at you with.PS: Haircuts w/her = $75
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/17/2012,421,256,19,16,18>How have I stood by and not tasted Top Notch for FIVE YEARS? I think that is considered negligence, and I am sorry about that sadness.What happens when you need some serious home-time in your house pants and don't want to bother washing your hair before meeting a friend to pick up something you left in their car so you and your house mate call-in to Hopdoddy's hoping to taste some gourmet shit but they don't accept call-in orders so your house mate suggests Top Notch and you remember you haven't tried it for five frakking years so you call in an order of cheap cheap burgers and a shared order of fried okra then your kickass housemate offers to go pick it up and bring it right back to your disheveled face? Excellence for cheap happens, my friends.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/16/2012,392,291,24,14,15>"I don't want to end up in one of your Yelp reviews," she said."Why not?" I said. "I may be a famous writer someday.""I don't want to be just another one of your floozies," she said."I dream of the day when I can afford to take floozies to Uchiko."I'm cheap. I've always been cheap and I'll probably die cheap. So, going to a restaurant where my meal is the equivalent of two weeks worth of meals is kind of a big deal. Hell, it's a big deal for anybody. So with this review I need to somehow justify the cost/benefit ratio of Uchiko. I ordered the signature tasting 5-course tasting menu. I'm not very picky and I assume the chef knows best. Here's what I got:1. loup crudo -  mediterranean sea bass, texas grapefruit, avocado, fennel vinegar2. tempura onion rings - togarashi, white soy3. pork jowl - brussels sprout kimchee, preserved lemon crème fraiche, romaine4. hot rock -  "sear it yourself" wagyu beef, japanese river rock5. sweet corn sorbet - polenta custard, caramel salt, lemonHere's what she got:1. brussels sprouts - crispy brussels sprouts, lemon chili2. fig salad - tyson's figs, honey, basil, shiso (minus) mascarpone 3. avocado sashimi - yuzu kosho, tamari4. nasu -  japanese eggplant, lemon miso5. and some vegan sushi roll I can't find on the menu6. chocolate sorbetEverything was pretty much awesome. I only wish I had said nothing fried and could have gotten something else besides the tempura onion rings. My favorite dish was the pork jowl. I'm pretty sure after I put the first bite in my mouth I told my date "shut up, I'm tasting this!" To get the full effect, you need to roll a piece of the pork, a brussel sprout and creme fraiche into a piece of the romaine. I'd also recommend the sweet corn sorbet, not only for it's amazing taste, but so you can see the cool stuff they've done with corn. Everything turned out great and our waiter, Sam, was entertaining as well as informative about the menu and how we could modify dishes for my vegan date.Was Uchiko worth it? Yes. Will I ever be going back? When I'm rich.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,10/15/2012,185,122,6,10,9>Why didn't I know about this place? Its about 2 blocks away.Its probably because its well hidden behind those trees and other paraphernalia. Well lets just hope it stays well hidden, because its amazing, and its all mine! Muahahahaha....Ok. Now that my evil, selfish alternate personality has subsided. Back to being a good boy.The coffee is amazing! The 7 ingredient secret mix is awesome! I taste, milk, cardamom, maybe some nutmeg in that mix. I hope they don't kill me for that. I just have very sensitive taste buds in the morning.I usually go for the half summermoon/wintermoon with 4 espresso shots. Just because I need lots of caffeine in the morning. They are a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.The breakfast tacos are pretty good. I think they are purchased from somewhere else, and just served here. But its good they've kept that option for their patrons.I will be coming back again and again. Ya'll have sucked me into the whole awesome woodfire coffee thing.PS - One of the barista never smiles. I don't know why.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/14/2012,232,273,3,10,10>This quaint family restaurant is probably the most delicious authentic Mexican restaurant in Austin! Everything is absolutely delicious, from the homemade salsa with great flavor and a little bit of low kick to the large chili con queso enchiladas. The homemade guacamole and queso will absolutely blow your socks off as well.  If you could only order one dish, go for their enchiladas as that is what they are especially known for. Their rice is some of the most fluffiest and flavorful rice which is not over salted like more restaurants tend to do. My friend vouched for their menudo as she thought it was a seriously authentic recipe. She was a fan, and so is everyone I bring here.  Specials to be aware of: Happy Hour runs from 4-7 Monday through Saturday for $2 Beers and $3 for house margaritas. Premium top shelf is $4 and so are their Mexican martinis. Talk about an excellent deal! On Sunday's they have their brunch buffet that is $8.99. On Saturday's they usually have a special that rotates. La Fuentes has a cute little patio where live music plays on the weekend. Their staff has always been extremely friendly, professional, and very attentive. And the icing on the entire experience as if you needed more to motivate you to come dine, is their super affordable prices!!! Dare I even say down right cheap! This restaurant is a must dine. I can guarantee that you'll fall in love with this place as much as I have and my entire out of town guest.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/13/2012,133,177,3,7,6>Went on the grand opening weekend but had my little guy with me so I couldn't form coherent thoughts on my experience. I just recently returned and got an iced vanilla latte, which seems to be the drink of choice of many now. Do I hear signature drink? It was very good and I could tell the difference in the homemade vanilla syrup in the overall flavor of the drink. It had a lovely nuttiness to it that complemented the coffee perfectly. I also totally appreciate how simple their menu is - I have walked into some coffee shops and gotten totally overwhelmed at the quantity of options offered to me. I'm pretty sure they could make anything you want, but you are presented with a tailored list of offerings instead of an overload. I set up my computer to do a little work for a bit and it was the perfect setting - lots of bright natural light, plugs, free wifi and quiet music (but GOOD quiet music). I accomplished my tasks at hand in caffeinated induced productivity. It was fun to listen to some of the interactions of the staff and their regulars (already!) - people have already settled this place into their daily routine.And oh, how this place appeals to my hippiness - cloth napkins! How I love cloth napkins! And there is a wonderful selection of them to choose from - pick the embroidered one, the patterned one, the big, the small. . . Eco friendly cups if you have to grab your jo and go but if you can stay for awhile, mason jars for the cold bevies and coffee mugs for the warm (bring your own too if you want) that come with a little discount.  Local roasters, Third Coast, supply the beans and local bakery, Russell's and Red Rabbit Cooperative bakery offers up the baked goods (vegan donuts anyone?). I like the vibe of the place too - the vintage light fixtures are probably my favorite thing, but I am also a sucker for grey paint and it looks beautiful here with the juxtaposition of the wood on the coffee bar. I know I'll be back to get some work done regularly!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/11/2012,57,216,6,9,6>Well, it looks like I just missed seeing Jennifer O on my visit today.I'm familiar with Johnny T's restaurant in Round Rock, so when I was at The Naty a few weeks back, and saw that Johnny T's had a trailer coming soon, I just knew I had to come back.  Fast forward 2-3 weeks, and here I am.You can't miss this place - it's in the food truck/trailer park along with several others.  Go park over in the gym parking lot, and feel guilty for a moment that you're about to stuff your face with meaty goodness, instead of working out.  The guilt is momentary... the smell of BBQ will make you forget about your soon-to-be-expanding midsection.Johnny T's has lots of options - their most popular is probably the meat plates.  You can pick anywhere from 1-4 meats for your meat plate, plus 2 sides.  I chose the brisket and sausage.  (Elgin sausage, by the way - woo!)  They were out of my favorite side (the tamale potato casserole), but I was able to get my sweet potato fries and pinto beans.  Works for me!  As an added bonus, they had Mexican Coke, and it was ice cold.  I hate soda for the most part, but I love me some Mexican Coke.Food came out within minutes, and I was ready to dig in.  They have 3 different types of BBQ sauce, so feel free to try 'em all while shoveling tasty meats into your mouth.  By the time I finished my meat, I barely had room for the fries, beans, and Texas toast.  (But I did it, anyway, cuz I will not be defeated by sides!  Take that, Texas toast - you will not get the best of me!)Both guys running the trailer were awesome - exceptional customer service, dudes.Oh, oh, oh - and the best part?  As I was finishing up my meal, the owner came out with a free sample - Elgin sausage stuffed pork loin with PEACH BARBEQUE SAUCE.  Holy freakin' bajeebus, that stuff was like crack.  Seriously, I'd like to place my order for a tanker full of that stuff, please.  PEACH.  BARBEQUE.  SAUCE.  You read that correctly - it was amazing.  Hell, I loved it better than the other 3 sauces they had.  (The sausage stuff pork loin was pretty tasty, too.)You're doin' a fine job, Johnny T's.  No need to wait in line for 2 hours at other places - I'll come to your restaurant or your trailer for yummy BBQ goodness.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,10/10/2012,227,263,5,6,8>Def didn't know this place existed until my mom wanted to check it off her Things to do in Austin list. 9$ per adult? That's a bit steep to walk trails, and look at flowers. Then to get RAINED on. It's funny how the park office, cafe, and info center close at 4pm unless it rains, then the whole exhibit closes. But on regular day the park is open Past 4pm. Weird. Quick tip: Head to the outdoor classrooms if you get caught in the rain, the cement work tables act as mini storm shelters. They also offer a better photographical advantage for getting a good angle. The different species are varied, labeled, and beautiful. Huisache tree, was by far the best. Check out the observation tower, great view of the entire park from over three stories up.Funny thing is all I could think about was making it a bonus tee pad for a disc golf course. Drive your favorites disc from THREE stories above the range. I'll be back to take the virtual tour using the qr codes at every turn. Had a wonderful time.Military discount at entrance -$1 on fee
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/9/2012,111,378,11,7,5>Immediately said yes to scheduling my next appointment. Lorie is some kind of magician. She's speedy, efficient, and hilarious. And, most of all ladies, I was able to share the magic only a few hours later - there was no soreness, no lingering redness, nothing! This is a first-class trip to Brazil. The office is TINY - it's one table behind a large drape, so if you're waiting, you'll hear everything! This may be the best gossip in Austin.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,10/8/2012,38,147,4,12,9>Love this place! Nothing liking getting some work did on yourself for cheaper prices than what would normally cost you at a salon! This place also looks very high end to boot!It's a very chic beauty school that does hair, skin, hair removal, and various other beauty treatments (eyelashes, etc). I've never had a bad experience here. I've had my hair cut, styled, dyed, a facial, waxing...I really want to try the eyelashes too. All the students I have had are attentive, very kind, and very personable. The front desk people have been nice and accommodating. Once, they didn't have me down for an appointment but with some rearranging, they got me in promptly 10 minutes later. This was a while ago but now, they are MUCH busier than they were 3-4 years ago so I'm sure it would be difficult now. I love getting facials but I have a hard time reconciling the price. Sometimes, I can really get a great neck and shoulder rub out of it too. I've had extractions done and they were relatively painless. I've brought all of my friends here and they all have continued to become regular patrons. Definitely one of my favorite places to let myself feel like I am getting pampered. If you join their mailing list, they'll send out emails regarding monthly specials! Always a win-win situation! Highly recommend! You can't go wrong!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/7/2012,611,369,10,9,10>I would like to thank Barley Swine for ruining every other restaurant for me. How can I go back to mundane, unoriginal dishes after having that? I can't. I'm screwed. Eating is pointless to me, unless it's at Barley Swine now! In fact, I'm considering going on a hunger strike until I get to eat there again. It'd be worth it. If you've never been, you must go, but beware! One taste of Barley and you can forget ever wanting to go back to your previously favorite restaurant. The nights I've been were mostly Wednesdays, and the wait wasn't bad. In fact, the second time I went, there was no wait to sit at the bar, which is my favorite place to sit at any establishment. Despite the fact that I'm essentially pescatarian, I was able to eat a ton of great dishes. Before I had my taste buds RUINED by the evil food-sorcerers at Barley, I thought their online menu sounded "meh." Once I tried the very  same dishes that I thought would be alright at best, well... I think you get the picture. By the way, anyone wanna go to Barley?
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/6/2012,315,273,7,12,13>I like to rescue my cats from Kill Lists so I can lord it over them in the future when they act unruly (I'll make a GREAT mother someday).All kidding aside, I found my little BijouLamour thanks to Austin Animal Center.  Last Labor Day weekend I lost my little princess Zoe Zou-Zou and there has been a hole in my heart ever since.  She was a tuxedo who had the best markings ever AND she was a Kitler.  Finding a tuxedo that somewhat resembled her took awhile.  The awesome lady fostering her placed an ad on CL and the second I saw her photo (which I uploaded), I was hooked.  I knew sight-unseen she was to be mine.  I had to wait FOREVER for her to hit 2lbs so Emancipet (who also is awesome) could spay her and I could take her home.It's been almost a month now, and I'm in kitty heaven.  She is definitely filling that hole in my heart.  MimiNoir (greatest kitty EVER acquired from Austin Pets Live) still needs some convincing, but she's coming around. If you are looking for a new addition to your family, please go here or to Austin Pets Alive or any other facility that rescues animals.  These special little creatures need you and your love.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/5/2012,699,1000,11,9,10>This place is a wine lover (and girl's) DREAM.Hard to spot as they don't have a formal sign out front for Red Room you would think you are opening the door to an empty building.  All that you see is the number 306A on the door along with an awning.  The next door neighbor is a printing company.  But once you step inside you are lead down a flight of stairs (careful, don't trip!) into one of Austin's few basement bars.  The decor is lush with deep hues of red and black.  On the wall hangs autographed copies of guitars signed by famous musicians like Stevie Ray Vaughn.  There is a glass case filled with ancient pottery from centuries ago.Bill is the sommelier who is studying hard every day to work his way up to the highest level he can in this type of certification.  This means Bill knows wine in a big way.  Bill is also very hot.  I found myself developing a crush on him as he spoke so eloquently about wine and frankly missed some good information he was giving our group on the wine as I couldn't fully understand him over the choir of angels falling from Heaven around him.  I digress.My group of friends consisted of about 10 of us and we took up a lot of space. The handy thing was that there was still plenty of room. Red Room Lounge allows you to buy wine by the glass or bottle.  With the bottle you can get it cheaper if you just want to take it home.  It is nice that they list 2 different prices for the bottles of wine as a result.  The guy that owns Red Room Lounge runs wines.com and another website for wine.  There is a wine cellar in this place to store the really expensive and good stuff.  There are also tons of bottles of wine lining the walls.Red Room Lounge doesn't have food but you can bring in your own food.  We ordered pizza from one of the pizza trucks on the East side and brought it in to eat.This place will become a frequent hang out spot for me for many reasons.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/4/2012,431,381,21,21,17>I doubt you'll ever find Jon Voight or Dustin Hoffman here, but you can be sure to find some strong, creative drinks.  There's a two-drink minimum, and that almost had me slurring my speech.The novelty of the exclusivity might work for a while, but novelty wears off.  Since you need a reservation to get in, you can't just stumble in here from Cheers Shot Bar and expect to get served, unless the Vacancy sign happens to be lit.  My friend and I didn't have trouble making a reservation, but too many more positive reviews of this place and the rest of you may have a problem.  Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-NYAH-NYAH!Despite it being Austin, I decided to wear a dress.  I dunno, I thought maybe, since each drink costs twelve bucks and the place is SO exclusive, it might express -- though not require -- a dress code.  Well, you'll feel more at home in nice clothing, but I saw a dude-brah wearing a wife-beater and shorts.  So it's still Austin, even in here.If you see a symbol of two interlocked Os next to your choice of drink on the limited menu, that means they'll make the drink at your table.  It's not nearly as interesting to watch as it sounds.  You won't see a hibachi-like act of bottles being juggled and liquor poured from great heights.  Rather, you'll watch -- if you decide to pay attention -- a boring mixing of interesting ingredients.  So, really, I'm not sure what the attraction is.I started out with a Cherry Knowle, which was good but STRONG LIKE BULL!  Charles Atlas ain't got nothin' on the drinks here.  No light pours, so at least you're getting your twelve bucks' worth.Some people -- including my drink date -- say the introduction of this place and Easy Tiger is an attempt to rid E. 6th of the rowdy scum you would liken to a fungus growing in your toilet bowl. While the idea sounds attractive, if they succeed in it, they will simply cause the frat boys and sluts from English 101 to infiltrate other areas... like 6th St. east of the interstate. And, hey, it's bad enough that that area is already infiltrated with hipsters. I like the fact that all the dorm sluts and jocks typically stick to Dirty Sixth and The Drag, and I'd like to keep it that way.But, who knows, they may be successful in "cleaning up" Dirty Sixth. One thing to bear in mind is that, if they succeed, E. 6th will turn into one huge polo-shirted Molotov Lounge.  And nobody wants that.  Right?
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/3/2012,461,645,16,26,23>Reunion Grille recently opened with Chef Alejandro Duran of Malagas Tapas running the kitchen (and is co-owner). The architecture was well thought out and beautiful.  It has a huge outdoor area with some shaded seating, 2 playscapes with nearby picnic tables, a gorgeous water fountain with seating and a stage with ample grassy real estate.The food is fancy southern comfort with menu items like chicken fried Angus rib eye steak, not your mama's shrimp and grits and lighter offerings such as salads.  Notably they have many vegetarian and gluten free menu items. I ordered the avocado crab appetizer and the portabella with grilled vegetables and green bean casserole as a side. I love finding fresh and healthy options at restaurants and that is exactly what I received. The crab was "crab salad" but I didn't get a lot of mayo etc from it. It was a hearty portion served in 2 halves of fresh avocado. The portabella was topped with a mix of tomatoes and mozzarella with a hint of herbs and a small amount of lime and olive oil. So light, so good. The vegetables will be a summer classic.  A simple mix of green and orange bell peppers, red onions, zucchini and squash. I didn't feel too guilty eating this small cup of delicious green bean casserole because it was mostly fresh green beans and light on the cream. The portions were generous enough I made lunch out of the leftovers the following day. I also had a bite of the mac n cheese and loved it, my experience was it was a not super warm but more like a pasta cheese salad.The cocktail menu is a mix of creative concoctions and classics. Truth, they are new and it was obvious that the bartenders (one of them was on day one) didn't know some of the answers to the questions.  The Strawberry fields was suppose to be Hendricks Gin, St. Germaine, muddled strawberries with a splash of champagne. The drink tasted really watered down and after inquiry found that they added soda and sweet and sour.  I tasted the Cherry Old Fashion and it was really good. Chef Alejandro is also a sommelier so it is no surprise the wine list would please any wine drinker. I overheard the chef state "no white Zinfandel." Instead you will find great wines like an Albarino to pair with a shrimp or crab dish. They also have wine flights, beer but limited local beer on tap.They will have live music on the weekends and intend to eventually have wine and cooking classes. 4 stars for now but will be happy to update my review after I have dined a few more times and catch some live music on the lawn.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,10/2/2012,739,709,33,32,34>Pssst!  I have a secret.  Come closer....put your ear right nexxxxt to my lips....ready?...here it is.........i'mshy.                                                   !!!!!!!!!!NOT!!!!!!!!I am really the Anti-shy, especially about gettin nekkid, so it didn't take a lot of encouraging from the super cute, enthusiastic, and complimentary Julia Vie to get me to take my clothes off for the camera.  Funny, I'm actually a lot more nervous about pix of my face because anytime I try a "come hither" look, it just comes out looking mean, but she even made THAT look good.Some backstory:  I bought a Groupon for Vivians Muse back in Feb (right around Valentines).  I bought this as a reward for my hubby who was practically killing himself dieting and working out (as was I actually) and I thought, in a couple months time, we would probably look better than we ever have.  We actually took boudoir photos when we first married, 20+ years ago, and while that experience was fun and the pix great, it was a much more casual affair, shot in the photog's house, in the claw foot tub in her back yard, in front of her fireplace, in the bed, etc.  They were sexy, but not nearly of this professional quality (and apparently way before I learned about hedge trimming...ahem).  So I thought it would be fun to take these pix 20 years later and compare.  And btw, when I say "I bought a Groupon",  what I mean is I distinctly remember buying one, getting excited about the idea, setting up the appt with Julia, etc but when it came down to appt time 4 months later, I had NO record of that Groupon.  Nothing.  In tears, I sent an email to her to cancel and she graciously said she would honor the Groupon price, which was $150 for a half hour session.  I think she did that cause she was even more excited than me about doing a couples shoot.  I don't think she gets those often.Trust.  A half hour session (which really ours dragggged on for 45 minutes) goes by in a blurry, fury of direction, posing, contorting and costume changing.  I had about 6 "outfits" (and by outfits, I mean bra, thong and heels) but we only got to use 2.  I never knew models worked so hard!  I was actually muscle sore a few days later from arching my back and sticking my ass out.  There was a flurry of direction from Julia..."arch your back more!  relax your shoulders but throw your chest out!  get on your knees!  roll over on your back!!  put your feet up on the headboard!  etc"  Basically a typical Fri nite for me :)  Julia took over 700 shots!  and would exclaim how sexy and beautiful we were thru the whole shoot, excitedly showing us some of the shots thru her camera viewfinder as we went along.  She took some amazing shots, from the classic bordello sepia look of me draped over the velvet covered divan to the pix of us in front of the sheer curtained window, the sunlight making a halo around our angelic bodies. When we went thru two outfits, she said we had time for one more and she didn't even blink when I suggested nudes, so hubby and I got a few tasteful but hawt Rated X pix that we'll charge a viewing fee for.....After all the fun, Julia touched up our best shots and sent them in a gallery to us.  I then picked out my fave 12 and ordered a magazine made of those.  I've always dreamed of being a Victoria's Secret model and this magazine got me as close as I will ever come, complete with a centerfold layout (literally :) and my ass on the back cover.  What woman doesn't fantasize about that???Julia not only takes great pix but she obviously loves what she's doing.  Every email I've gotten from her was filled with exclamation points and enthusiasm.  She is a tiny bundle of energy with a huge smile and a lot of talent.  I have dreams of having a girlz party with her, bringing wine, snacks and the appropriate music, all of us getting individual and maybe group shots for our honeys.  She is located right down from the Rainey St bars, which would be a perfect ending to a photo shoot party.  I will definitely be looking her up when we decide to do this again in another 20 years time.  60 is sexy, right?
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,10/1/2012,514,316,,11,10>Rogness knows how to brew an excellent beer and put on an a GRAND opening. It was definitely worth the long trek to Pflugerville to get try some amazing beers, particularly the Gigantophus Imperial IPA which was spot on and the OST they were running through a coffee & coconut filter (although OST is pretty delicious by itself too). Dan gave an excellent tour and you could tell how passionate everyone was about the beer they were producing- it's as heart warming as an imperial IPA.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/30/2012,74,79,10,10,12>Bar Congress has the best ice cubes in the world. Bold talk you say? Prove it you say? OK, here's the deal. They are made with double filtered water so they impart no flavor to the drink, and they have that cool transparency effect. They are perfect cubes. No dimples or holes. They are frozen at what must be lower temps than usual because they don't melt away in a few minutes. They hang in there for the long haul.  They are large. I rarely measure ice cubes, but I would ball park them at an inch and a half to two inches in diameter.  That's some big swingin' ice, Jeeyumm. When you put them in a rocks glass they class the hell out of it. They make that cool tinkly musical sound when the glass tilts pre or post sip. I immediately wanted to be wearing a black 1950's tux with the bow tie undone and the collar open while Dean Martin and I decided which club to hit in Manhattan after we finished our drinks here. Proof enough? Yeah, you better look away. Tell me to prove it. Prove this. OK, before this escalates, let's just agree I'm right. Jason, the mixologist, was that perfect combination of friendly and laid back. Friendly enough to give the history of the place and bring us cool old bartenders books to peruse while we sipped, and laid back enough to give us space when we got involved in the drinking and eating and talking portion, while always ready to fill up a water glass or suggest another really, seriously good drink. And really good drinks are their specialty. They have an enormous selection of mixers and tinctures and although I heard several people ask for unusual drinks while I was there, not only were they never stumped, they usually asked which version the customer wanted. Mistress Linda and Kimberly both like grapefruit so they had several different drinks utilizing both fresh grapefruit and some arcane grapefruit bitters and they were all simply By Golly Great!The food balances the cocktails perfectly. We adored the charcuterie and cheese plates and I will have them again. Plus they give lots of toasted bread with each platter, rather than the skimpy one or two pieces at some other places. The prices are on a par with the service and fare. The ambience is modern and upscale, but very inviting and comfortable. I love bars so we sat there, and the bar stools are more than comfortable enough to park it for a serious night of sipping, but there were tables along a long back wall if you prefer them. It's not a large place, but it seems larger than it is. It ain't cheap, but when you're in the mood to dress up and hit the town in style, you can't go wrong here. I could see where there could be a snooty factor here but it wasn't in evidence when we visited.It occupies an odd time warp between Second Bar and Kitchen, and the restaurant Congress. Both of these have their own bars, so Bar Congress is not part of either, but since it has no street entrance of its own you have to go through one or the other to get to it, like it's a secret. This makes me like it more. And I liked it a lot already. And I love those ice cubes.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,9/29/2012,323,2235,9,13,13>Oooooooh boy, Yelp is about to blow up at this joint. I knew as soon as I saw the 40 person line at 4:58PM for their 5PM grand opening that Ramen Tatsu-Ya had something good to offer. How good? Like... Japanese good. Additionally, you are really taken care of. Servers are running like chickens with their heads cut off. Chickens that can promptly deliver water and anything else you request. Except free ramen.On this, the ramen is actually extremely cheap. I was expecting to pay $18 (i.e. the last time I had "fancy" and "authentic" ramen was in the Big Apple), but I just ordered 2 different bowls here to make up for such a low price--the basic is $8.50. Additionally, you order at a counter, so you aren't tipping a full 20%... or should you?I gotta imagine they really raked in the dough here. The accompaniments can really add up, but you can surely satisfy yourself by adding on 4 oz. of additional noodles for $2. You pay at the forefront, leave some broth, and yell out "I need more noodles!", but in a more elegant Japanese dialect. The extra item I would recommend? The katsu slider. Honestly, it tastes exactly like a fried meatloaf with juice injected into it would.The ramen. I can't even speak. The tonkatsu was rich and super porky; it did leave a little "oomph" to be desired; I think it just needed a LITTLE more meat flavor. I don't know how I would recommend an adjustment, but whatever.... it was still amazing. This fact was PROBABLY overshadowed by the whale of an experience I had with the MI-SO-HOT. Funny? Yeah, whatever. It was outrageous. They spice up a miso-style ramen broth. And it gets your sinuses and happy juices flowing. Interpret that as you will.I don't know what Yelp restaurants you have in mind next, but if isn't Ramen Tatsu-Ya, you are not American. Well... I guess true "'Mercans" wouldn't be waiting ~2 hours from a dish that hails from the famous island of the Far East, but this would satisfy even the most skeptical eater. Could this be the Franklin of Research Blvd?... Only time will tell.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,9/28/2012,148,257,3,13,4>i am very picky about the styles of yoga i prefer, and it changes based on the day, circumstances, the way i feel, etc. i go to dharma when i want to feel grounded, centered, and reflective. i love coming to camilla's class. she has this great knowledge of the body and sequences in a way that really speaks to it. i love the buddhist influence and focus on meditation, but i know it's not for everyone. if you come, expect a more gentle yoga, expect a non-heated studio (maybe 80 degrees), expect some zen/buddhist/meditative references...and then leave all your expectations at the door and just be.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,9/27/2012,224,413,9,8,7>When I die and go to heaven like all good dawgs do, I hope they have lots of puppies and double espresso and salted caramel macaroons from La Boite. I think I found my happy place.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,9/26/2012,315,239,9,24,14>Unlike most Austinites, I'm lucky enough to live close to one of the 9 Metrorail stations around town. Unfortunately, since I live & work in North Austin, I have rarely been able to take advantage of the train, as the last trip of the day was at 6:30 PM and there was no weekend service.  Now that there are extended evening hours on Friday & all day service on Saturday (as of March 2012), you'll be seeing me regularly riding downtown for date nights and family activities on the weekends with no worries about parking or DUI. Yay for public transportation!The Howard station has a nice number of parking spaces (200 or so), but is otherwise sort of frustrating because it is not within safe walking distance of much of anything and only one connecting bus line (243 Wells Branch) currently serves the station. You *could* possibly walk or bike to Kiddie Acres, Jumpoline, and the chain stores on the southeast corner of Wells Branch & Mopac, but if you're traveling with kids, it's not a good idea. There's a group of homeless men & other pan handlers usually hanging out under the Mopac bridge and I'd not want to be on foot walking over there by myself (all 120 lbs & 5 ft 2 of me) or with my child. Thus, in my humble opinion, Howard station serves only as a park & ride for travelers headed to other stations. So, why the 4 stars (which stands for "Yay, I'm a fan!" in Yelpspeak)? Well, I suppose they are for the Metrorail in general. It has a way to go before being half as useful as mature rail systems like on the East Coast or San Francisco, but we have to start somewhere. Riding the Metrorail trains is a comfortable experience. Trains are clean, other riders pleasant, and the wi-fi is a great bonus. Tip: Follow on Twitter @CapMetroRail for up-to-the-minute news on changes to the service schedule & special discounts from partner businesses. Trains do get packed during special events like SXSW, so prepare a plan B for getting back up north at the end of the day if you fail to get on the last train home.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/25/2012,105,206,1,11,4>Yum. I ate here for lunch on Oh! Bento's second day of operation. This truck is located in the South Shore Eatery, right next to the Almni apartment complex. You can't miss it if when you're coming down Riverside, but keep an eye out for the red "Oh! Bento" signs. They've got a wide variety of stuff to satisfy your cravings: udon, yakisoba, bibimbap, etc. I chose to go for the beef short rib (galbi) bento box for $8. Pleasantly surprised to find what it came with (see photo). The galbi was cooked well, savory & sweet thanks to the marinade. The sides vary each day, but I got two pieces of gyoza and kimchi cucumbers. It also came with an omelette (tamagoyaki) and a slice of orange. Nice variety, and everything tasted great. Experienced different textures with the egg, dumplings, etc., and the orange ended things well. The wait for food wasn't too long (10 minutes), and the people workin' the trailer were really nice. The food was good--not amazing, but good and simple. It was like I was having a home cooked meal.I was about to give this place four stars, but then I got offered a free pork bun. That pork bun alone was worth another star. Dang, seriously. THE PORK BUN. The vegetable slaw was crisp and fresh, and the pork was tender. I loved how it had a sweet and spicy thing going on. The pork bun was a little small, but it smacked me in the face with flavor. As I drove back from home, I couldn't stop thinking about that dang bun. They just opened, so they're still working a few kinks, but I can see this place doing well. I hope they draw a consistent crowd from the Almi apartment complex next door, and I'd love to see this family operated truck make it. I was told they're planning on having their hours from 12pm-8pm, so come out for lunch or dinner..or both. Cash is preferred, but they take card.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/24/2012,307,445,3,29,10>Finally 78748 and 78745 have a neighborhood bar.  A clean friendly place to hang out and relax.  The owners are sweet as can be, and offer great customer service.The modern decor, lounging area, and plenty of seating make for a great spacious bar to chill. I had the spicy bloody mary and must say... it's one of the best- south of the river. I can't wait to see how this grows.  I see myself spending many Saturday afternoons here.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/23/2012,81,207,6,10,7>Want to be the envy of all the mom's at school? How about the talk of the baby shower, bachelorette, or holiday party?Ok, maybe you happen to be a guy. Guess where to find many women who also happen to be aspiring bakers?Why cookie and cupcake decorating class of course at 'Make it Sweet' (formerly All in One Bake Shop).On a whim I signed up for 2 of Make It Sweet's 'decorating' classes. I must admit I can crank some pretty good stuff out of the oven, but when it comes to decorating I'm a one trick pony. So I decided I would learn some valid decorating skills to become and even more seemingly legit baker.Jennifer (the instructor of both classes) was very enthusiastic and entertaining. She explains everything step by step. The layout of the classes are 3 hours which seem to be the perfect amount of time to learn some key basic skills without feeling overwhelmed. When you get to class you have everything already prepped for you. Cupcakes are made, cookies are made..all you have to do is get your hands dirty and make icing and decorate! Jennifer's assistant Magda (sp?) was also very helpful.She handed us frosting tips, tools, rollers and the like as we needed them. Everything was very organized and flowed very smoothly from start to finish and when you are done, Poof! you've got an assortment of cookies and cupcakes to take home with you to show off and.our devour with your friends and/or self! No clean up necessary..yep Magda cleans up after class too (much appreciated)!Overall class was very fun and allowed a lot of room for creativity.  You also get snack time of the cookies and cupcakes you are decorating during class (bonus!). This class would be great for bakers and non-bakers of all levels. The supply store itself offers a variety of cool little baking gadgets, flavorings, and mixes.I plan to try out more classes in the near future. Classes not limited to just cookies and cupcakes. Cake balls, fondants, petit fours here I come!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,9/22/2012,83,192,3,7,4>After watching this place go from nothing, to what it was today on the grand opening, I am impressed.  They have some cool but simple sculptures up, water for the dog, play area for the kids, presumably byob, and a handful of trailers. Also plenty of parking and seating, and a covered area, well more like shaded, It didn't look like it would do much in rainy weather. I have only eaten at Snarky's thus far, which was great,and reviewed on it's on merits elsewhere on yelp.Keep up the good work NATY!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/21/2012,13,140,8,13,8>OK, you burger-holics, drop it now.  Yes, the burgers here are among the finest in Austin.  But at some point it is like arguing Franklin vs. JMueller vs. Stiles Switch vs. Chisolm Trail.  Who cares? They are all great!What puts Nau's in a category by itself are the club sandwiches.  A rare art form done as well as they are here.  The richness of the bacon, the salty substance of the ham, the soothing blandness of the American cheese - the ingredients on my favorite, but you can get any combo you like, including turkey.  The crunch of wheat toast, the crisp iceberg lettuce, the coldness of the tomato, and the silky smoothness of the mayo - all in harmony and counterpoint to the proteins.  This is damn near perfection, and only related to Subway in the dictionary.Then, add one of their root beer floats - BIG scoops of Blue Bell Homemade Vanilla - so big that the liquid is like the mortar in a flagstone patio. There, but barely.  Served in a ribbed footed glass - as are my second favorites, the chocolate sodas.  Hard to find anywhere, impossible to find any better.Nau's, I love you.  The ONLY thing I would change, is to put new linoleum under the seats in the first booth.  (Regulars know what I am talking about).  Otherwise, as close to perfection as we will see here on earth.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,9/20/2012,80,213,8,9,9>My friends and I end up here way, way too often. Or maybe there's no such thing as too often with this--Big Daddy's has some tasty eats. If such a thing as "Bachelor Chow" exists outside of "Futurama," this is it. Don't come in here thinking you'll get away with something light, because it really doesn't exist on the menu. Even the salads I've had here seem somewhat heavy. So, forget that noise and order some mac and chee', a huge burger, their "big kid milkshakes," or anything with their chili on top. The chili (real chili! no beans!) is fantabulous. That's not even a word. I don't care. Order the Jerry-World Death Star Nachos. Thank me later. Best, messiest nachos EVER. That being said, of the Bachelor Chow places of the Austinverse, Big Daddy's menu is delightfully diverse. The list of sauces for burgers and things alone is pretty long. The fried pickles are in tempura batter. There's shrimp and portabella mushroom patties to be had. Shish kebabs. Wasabi mayo. Tzatziki. There's an attempt to make a spicy burger--the Chris Chronic--but it's somewhat mild compared to other spicy eats. The ghost chile aioli brings out more of the sweet than the spice in the peppers. Overall, though, it's still pretty tasty.There's a burger with grilled cheese sandwiches as buns. There's another burger with mac and cheese on it. And don't forget the burger with a Krispy Kreme for a bun. Like I said--Bachelor Chow. Service varies wildly between the most awesome waitress in Austin (no joke, we adore her!) to "wait, I have a table?"It's not a bad spot to watch a game, either. There are a billion big TVs. Shoot, they even had the women's basketball championship on so I could nom away, watch Baylor PWN ALL THE THINGS, and make my decidedly un-sportsy friend go all "lolwut, ball sports" the entire evening. Haha! Because of this, it gets loud sometimes, especially if there's a major game on TV. I remember one night where Big Daddy's must have attracted every Iowa State fan in Austin. Yep--Iowa State. Heh, that's why places like this exist. The beer list is average at best, but I guess they make up for this by being a full bar. There's a couple rotating seasonal/local taps, but it's mostly mainstream stuff you can find anywhere. The Blue Screw (half-Blue Moon, half screwdriver) is a tasty concoction.The nachos alone put Big Daddy's on my om nom nom list. If I'm craving a giant burger, this is the place to go.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/19/2012,125,201,4,7,5>I really like this place. I don't understand the harsh reviews. My husband and I aren't into sports but wanted a non-chain restaurant that was nearby to our home, so we tried this one. I love that you can book reservations on yelp - very helpful! At first when arriving, I was iffy about it, but then when I was able to sit outside away from the loud, obnoxious televisions, I started feeling better. Plus, it did take a while to get a waiter/waitress to serve us - guess there was a debate between the staff on who should serve us. But, that was the biggest drawback. The french fries weren't that good - they lacked flavor and tasted like Tater Tots, which neither of us like - we like our fries to taste like fries.  Another drawback was my husband ordered a beer on the menu, it was out. Then, I ordered an alcoholic frozen drink and they were out of one of the key ingredients. So, it sounds like their inventory management may need an overhaul. - if it wasn't for these reasons, it would receive 5-star. I loved the menu choices and it was nice seeing something out of the norm. For example their wood grilled menu options and the flat-bread. My husband got the specialty burger (think it was Hawaiian, had pineapple on it). He said it was the BEST BURGER HE EVER HAD. Sorry had to put that in caps since it was quite significant. I had the Americano Mediterranean Flat bread, which was absolutely delicious. But what was even better was the appetizer (cannot remember the name, but it was a sample of several different dips including hummus, artichoke dip, salsa, etc). They were really, really good. We almost got really full on the appetizer! Definitely one of the top 10 appetizers I have ever had!We will be returning for more at another time! :)
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,9/18/2012,100,282,1,10,9>Totally worth going for the experience and the food!  Loved it!Hopefully I get this right, but basically Supper Friends is a dinner club/social, that is catered by 2Dine4 and hosted at the Swoop House.  All three are wonderful!  The dinner starts with passed appetizers and the cocktail of the night, on the house.  It's a great time to start chatting with the other random strangers, who you will be spending the rest of the evening with!  Then you're seated at beautifully decorated tables and served a 3 course meal.  Our menu for the night:Pimm's Cup Cocktails - refreshing as always and yummy.  this one was a little fruitier tasting than most that I've had.Salmon on truffle chips - my fav appetizer from the night.  I looove truffles! Housemade Ricotta with fava bean on a bruschetta - really good flavors, sweet and salty.Dates - stuffed with almonds and with a chili sauce on it.  meh, wasn't my fav, but I did enjoy the spicy kick.Salad with beets and a pistachio butter - the pistachio butter was DELICIOUS!  and I love beets, so this salad was great in my opinion.Pasta with halibut and mushrooms with a light lemon and pepper flavor - wasn't the most flavorful pasta, but it was definitely above average.  I definitely appreciated the lightness of the pasta.Chicken over farro - again a more light dish, but with good flavors.dessert - YUMMY!!! Goat milk panna cotta. reallly good and not too sweet.  Overall, I would highly recommend Supper Friends for the chance to try something very Austin-y, meet some great people, and have a great meal!  All the great reviews are 100% true.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/17/2012,127,256,11,13,7>La Catrina was an odd mix of pleasant surprises and unpleasant unsurprises.Positives: 1. "That green sauce" - creamy green style sauce that's the stuff of legend at Austin area joints like Tacodeli and El Pollo Regio. This version is no disappointment. Served along with red sauce and chips.2. Great server (possibly the owner) - his English isn't great but he was joking and friendly from start to finish.3. Pretty good barbacoa. Certainly not greasy, which puts it ahead of the curve right there.4. Better-than-average rice and refried beans.5. Cool logo - manages to evoke Day of the Dead, Grateful Dead's Skull and Flowers, and Carmen Miranda all at the same time.Negatives:1. Awful Nashville country radio blaring. I understand they want to pander to a redneck constituency but Jeez, I'm trying to eat.2. Sucky red sauce. Tastes like Pace picante straight from the jar, with the chunks pureed out. Fortunately the green sauce (see above) rocks.3. Strange interior. It's like they started with some gringo-pleasing kitsch, added knickknacks found on sale at Tuesday Morning, and finished with salvage from an abandoned double-wide. Yes, it looks like they made a valiant effort... like the effort little Johnny put into that finger painting pinned to the refrigerator. Sure, it's adorable. Sure.So, given the positives are pretty solid and the negatives pretty petty, let's call it four stars with caveats.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,9/16/2012,303,155,5,11,12>This opals has much better service. We went for the pre opening and it was awesome! I had the fish and brought some home for a sandwich tomorrow. Very organized and impressive with a view of the hill country.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,9/15/2012,199,518,4,10,8>This place is great. I wish it was bigger. I wish there was more arcade games and skee ball. I never did Laser Tag before but it was a great experience. Now the rules say "no ducking and no running". Like that was going to happen. Basically you go through two stories of Laser Tag and believe me you get a good workout and you will sweat. You pay $9 per game of Laser Tag and you choose a code name. You can make it up or choose from a list of super heroes/cartoon characters. Then they announce the next round of Laser Tag game.Me and my friends were against these teenage boys that obviously were experts in the Laser Tag. It's a fun place to go. Food is not the best but it is edible and over priced. But hey it's fun with a group of people.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,9/14/2012,258,244,8,14,12>Parking is too difficult in this area and so even though coming here has been on my list for months (since gorging myself on the dill pickle flavor), I broke down only this weekend because I was picking up a gift for friends. As soon as I walked in the door I saw a "Go Local" offer: free kid's size with purchase. Heck yea!While tins are expensive, all tin refills are 50% off. This discount is the main reason I  decided on a nice sized tin for a gift, one that would keep on giving. The next step was choosing the flavors to put in the tin. Therefore, I sampled about 10 different flavors. Many were tasty and some were definitely in the "acquired taste" category, especially the curry one. I asked after the chocolate ones because I didn't see that many and the helpful woman behind the counter offered to bring out another, hot from the kettle. Really, her smile was as warm as the popcorn!  I had to take that one home with me: java chip! The chocolate ones were so yummy that I almost couldn't stop eating. Be fore warned, though, because I had too many handfuls of the chocolate java later and had a tummy ache.  Other than more parking, there is something else I would want: the nutritional information. It isn't on their web site and not posted in the store. I realize it is delicious and I should just focus on that but when I can't find that information I assume that it is more than bad for me.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,9/13/2012,246,155,29,22,16>Buzz buzz buzz Franklin buzz. After dealing with all that buzz and noise about Franklin, I was determined to try it. But standing in a 2 hour line in the middle of the day in July? NO WAY. The game plan: -Do NOT wait in that line.-Eat so much that I never want to see it again (so that I'll never have to wait in that line, of course).Do not wait in line: check.I emailed Franklin and found out that they allow pre-orders. The rules? No less than 5 lbs of meat. Order at least 3 days in advance. Skip the line if you show up between 10:15-10:30am.Eat until I never want to see it again: half-check.I'm on day 2 of eating Franklin. I've had it for morning snack, lunch, and dinner yesterday, and I've had it for lunch today. I swear that if I donated blood right now, they would find little bits of brisket and ribs in it.The first slab of brisket for morning snack yesterday was divine. The sausage and ribs for lunch yesterday were even better than the brisket. However, I don't create game plans for nothin'. No line for me. Ever. KEEP ON EATIN'. Dinner yesterday was alright. Lunch today was merhhhhh. That "merhhhhh" right there is 1.) for all of the cholesterol that I've injected into my body during the last 26 hours and 2.) for the sleepy food coma that I'm slowly sinking into while still at work. If I have one more consecutive Franklin meal, that half-check will turn into a full-check. T-minus 5 hours until I brave brisket and ribs for one more dinner.Muahahahaaa! I'VE BEAT YOU, LINE.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,9/12/2012,398,533,5,9,7>Holy crepe!  This is still one of my favorite food trucks in Austin!The savory crepes are the way to go here: They mostly have chicken options for whatever reason with an oddball smoked salmon or veggie crepe sprinkled in the mix.  I usually default to the chicken pesto or the chicken with mushrooms and am never disappointed.  They seemed to have improved the location from what I remember back in college - my most recent visit featured shaded picnic tables and I was lucky enough to score some prime street parking. Everyone seems to bitch about the wait but I usually don't mind, I think it helps add to the relaxed French vibe.  Downsides are Cash Only and that the Texas Teas are quite nasty, I'm thinking about starting a petition to get Sweet Leaf up in there.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,9/11/2012,147,191,6,15,8>Two signs of a great new place: the flock of asians 15 minutes before they even open for dinner, and the fact that all of your friends have been instagramming it to the max, complete with exclamations. There's good reason. In comparison to Chen's Noodle House (also homemade/in-house cut and pretty good as well), Julie's niu rou mian is thicker, chewier, and totally reminded me of the chewy noodle goodness that my mom made when I was younger! Winner!  I was also interested to see how you could make a noodle trailer appeal with the lack of big porcelain bowls, but don't be fooled with the styrofoam--she really packs them to the max with a big concentration of authentic, piao liang noodley goodness. I gave 4 stars because I think she's still feeling out the new trailer, considering she opened just recently. I say this because I felt like my bowl was pretty spicy and my roommate mentioned that hers wasn't spicy at all, and also I would have appreciated just a tiny bit more beef for the grand noodle to beef ratio. I'd also recommend not going at exactly 6:30 but a bit later to avoid the initial busy hour, but that's also great because that means she's on a good start to banking it up. Great place for legit pulled noodles, even if you're a Chinese food noob and consider Tap House the best you've ever tasted (I kid, their drinks are good). Chit-chat is advisable more in Mandarin, as english small talk will just get you smiles. This is said with experience. They're super friendly though. Definitely check it out. Anticipating more than 2 items on their menu in the future, and maybe then I'll re-review for a perfect spanking 5 stars!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,9/10/2012,113,132,5,8,5>oh. holy wow.i have had the craving for italian/pizza for a couple of weeks.  Yes, i do base my eating around Yelp! reviews so Prima Pizza Pasta has been on my radar.  For disclosures sake, i live north, so my options are limited.I finally placed my first order tonight.  I got a calzone the bf got the strombolli.   The kid that answered the phone was genuinely nice.  Tho not so knowledgeable about the menu he made up for it with politeness.  Hey, maybe he is new.  I order the spinach calzone and add Italian sausage.  The strombolli comes with your basic supreme kinda toppings (meats and veg.)  They tell me it should be ready in 20 mins.  cool.  i know that means my food is being made fresh.The bf gets home.  his face says it all.  "yeah, i was thinking we should have just shared..." he trails off and opens the pizza box.  There are two GIANT foil wrapped dinners in the large size pizza box.  Both are about the size of my head.  I am immediately excited.  I love it when i get a meal for 6 bucks and get 3 or 4 meals out of it!  (yes, i am cheap.)I dive into my spinach and sausage calzone.  It is delicious.  They sauteed the spinach with big garlic chunks before stuffing it in.  I seriously appreciate the effort.  It really is delicious.  The boys strombolli, equally stuffed with delicious toppings.  We both eat barely a 4th before admitting defeat.Super happy with my decision on having Prima for dinner tonight.  Can't wait to try other menu items and dine in.Gotta run.  Got some leftovers about to be ready to eat!  nom.nom.nom.*ps.  ate my leftovers as i edited my review.  It totally holds up.  I used the toaster oven.  The crust crisped up perfect and the toppings are just as delicious as the first time.  WIN!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/9/2012,377,238,13,13,14>Well, who am I to be the first non-5* review for this location?Came by on a not-terribly-hot Sunday afternoon.  Uh oh, long line, and people waiting.  Unfortunately, there was a lull earlier, and the poor guy's helper was sent home for the day.  But oh well, we were already there.Normally I just stick to the one or two things I know I like.  But I saw something that, as a greying 40-something, intrigued me....  Silver Fox."Oh, that?  It's a mix of almond and vanilla.  Would you like a taste?"Never turning down something free, I accept his offer, and proceed to get a tiny paper ketchup cup sample of the syrup.  Now, straight snowcone syrup is strong enough to make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.  But I did like it.  So instead of picking one of the plentiful combos on the board, I instead ask if he can just create for me "...a silver fox/tiger's blood situation" (nope, neither of us said "winning"), which he happily agrees to do.Then a charming young gal comes by, and he recruits her to join in on the cone-making fun. Ends up, it was an employee that just happened to be coming by, who did an awesome job at helping him out of the hole.  Her smile to all the customers seemed strong and genuine.  Lickity split they caught back up, and my item was called for pickup."Ummm.... Excuse me, what was that flavor he just picked up?  Something about a fox?"To which she replied:  "Oh, that?  That's silver fox.  It's a mix of almond and Vanilla.  Would you like a taste?"We've also been to the other locations, on Mesa, and on Burnet.  All of them have the same perfect ice, but this one is our fave.  The seating area on the grass seemed more fun for some reason, except for the blaring music wafting over from the Texas Roadhouse parking lot.  Maybe it was the staff, maybe it was the sweet little puppy that someone had brought.  But no complaints about our visit.PS  May be hard to see from 183.  It's a couple hundred feet up Anderson Mill (towards Parmer), across Anderson Mill from the Walgreens.  Park in that shopping center that includes the Compass Bank.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/8/2012,228,113,8,11,13>I might lose some friends on yelp just for giving Trudy's a 4 star review-BUT- my review is for Breakfast.I've been going to Trudy's for 2 decades...honestly can't remember actually eating...but sure there had to have been a few times.  I have always gone for Mexican Martinis.  I love their Mexican Martinis-probably as much for the nostalgia as the tequila in them.  This review is not about the drinks though.Found myself in way South Austin with the family and we were starving for breakfast and the 5 year old insisted on pancakes.  Hubby throws out Trudy's as an option.  My first thought "well, it's too early for a martini".  Kept the thought to myself and figured it couldn't be that bad...surely the food would be descent.  11:00 saturday morning and tons of people there.  No wait though.  The place is huge with plenty of seating.Have big tables and booths for 6-8 people, so great for groups. Nice outdoor patio/bar area.Plenty of Parking5 Stars for Service- out waitress was lovely and attentive without being overbearing.Breakfast menu has plenty of options and I was soon excited about my order and planning for my next visit.Queso Especial-Can't go wrong with guacamole in queso -that's how we start breakfast in Texas.Migas Relleno- exactly what you are thinking plus topped with chipotle sauce.  This sucker was tasty!American Breakfast is a great deal:Choose 3 $7.5Choose 2 $5.5~Two Eggs Any Style ~OR~Belgian Waffle, Creme Brulee French Toast, Buttermilk Pancakes, or Biscuits & Gravy~OR~Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sausage, or Grilled Ham Steak-Then you get to pick hash browns or roasted red potatoesI went 2 choices -Eggs over easy and Creme Bruleee French Toast...French toast was excellent and decadent.Kiddo went 2 choices- Scrambled Eggs and Pancakes.  Pancakes were great (pretty hard to mess up). BONUS-pancakes come with "Pecan Butter"...lets just say I ate more of the pancakes than I intended to.Next Visit=Carrot Cake French Toast (and I am asking for a side of pecan butter)
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,9/7/2012,322,621,15,9,9>"Mother of God, Puss-Puss!  Get out of the way before that flying saucer lands on you!"So, I exaggerate a bit.  The saucer wasn't flying.  But it did land in front of me on our table.  And it contained two strange flat cake-like objects with huge blue particles large enough that I expected little blue men to walk out from between the layers at any moment and say "Greetings, Earthling!"I forked the cake-like objects.  Then I noticed the little men.  But the little men weren't blue, they were brown.  And thick.  And round.  And smelled of sausage.  And they didn't speak.  So, in a twist on Serling, I ate one of the Kanamits.I found that Kanamits are very filling.  And tasty.  As is their spaceship.  And I couldn't let the other one return home and tell the rest what we'd done, so I offered it as a sacrifice to my friend Jessica.  Who shared it with Ellen.  And, in the end, there wasn't much left of him.  Or was it her?  It's hard to sex a Kanamit, you know.  Especially while you're devouring it.  There's so much forehead to get past, after all.But, little did I suspect, they had already deployed their weapon.  Solar rays.  Some of us were closer than others, and burned to a crisp.  It was truly unfortunate about Carmella.  Luckily, Jim traded places with her at the last minute.  Lisa was smart enough to stay safely under the shield.Our only defense were these strange drinks that smacked of citrus and kept being refilled.  All I know is the waitress kept asking "Mi mo sa?"  My Italian is rusty, but I think that means "Me mo knows".  Sure.  Why not?  I mean, I'm eating cake with blue particles and just devoured a Kanamit.  Now I can do anything.There was a second Jessica.  I'm not sure if she appeared through some cloning device deployed by the Kanamits just before they met their deaths or if she was there all along.  Then again, I think I've seen her once before at Scoot Inn.  She sat between me and someone who also didn't say much and is only known by his code name, "Great Scott!"  Wait.  Scoot...Scott...I think there's a connection here.If you think none of this is true, I can assure you that we have solid evidence.  An excellent photographer named Amanda happened upon the scene to document it all.  I know she was excellent because she made me look good.The End(Oh, and thanks to Carla for including me in another out-of-this-world birthday brunch!)
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/6/2012,393,621,4,6,4>Just got back from another early lunch with work colleagues.   I tried the pork chop.  INCREDIBLE!  Imagine a pork chop roughly the thickness of Cooper's in Llano (although slightly smaller) with the heavy smoke and seasoning of Kreuz in Lockhart.   Yes, in other words, the most perfect BBQ pork chop in Central Texas.If only John would apply his immense BBQ talents to ribeye steak and perhaps sirloin -- I'd be able to skip a Llano road trip.Please, for the sake of fuel conservation, Mr. Mueller, start the ribeyes and sirloins in your pits so that Austinites don't waste an hour of gas driving out into the Hill Country...
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/5/2012,74,118,6,9,8>My girlfriend happens to be addicted to Yelp, not sure if it's healthy or not; but the woman has us booked for date nights through age 99. I should consider signing her up for a Yelp Anonymous meeting, but she has some damn good taste so I can't complain much. She is also a bit of a nerd and is like a kid in a candy shop when it comes to arcades--so go figure she'd be gung-ho about trying this place out! When she started raving about Pinballz I was a bit hesitant, I mean in all honesty we've done the Main Event, Austin Park, Gattis, Chuck-E-Annoying-Cheese and the Dave and Buster scene and they're all the same in one fashion or another, but I swear before she could voice B-Y-O-B  I was sold. You cannot go wrong with an establishment that offers BYOB and cheap fun, there's not too many of those still left in the Austin area. Not to mention after she told me about the 2-levels I was rushing to plan our night. After loading up on some booze, which btw I'd buy in your area rather than this--the nearby gas stations don't really have a wide-selection. Now they have a 1-drink at a time policy, but it's not a big deal; you get a bit carried away playing you actually forget about your drink. Not sure if you can bring in a mixed beverage or just the simple malt-beer beverages. Upon entering your mind might be blown away, beware the selection is impeccable, and $10.00 will go a LONG way. I think we spent 2 hours in this place for $20.00, cheap if you ask me for the fun we had! They have every game you could possibly imagine, the new the old--the REALLY old, and they're all for sale! The Simpsons, Galaxy, Pac Man, Skee Ball, Air Hockey, Basketball, not to mention the biggest selection of pinball machines I have ever seen! Most of the games range from $0.25-$0.50 and aren't over quickly. We did get ripped off by a few games, but after notifying an employee we were (without-an-attitude) refunded on the games. It wasn't overly packed, and they even have a café which has $1.00 drinks and snacks. The kids will enjoy this place too--I'd say bring them earlier in the day/evening though. They have a ticket system to earn prizes similar to other places; cheap crap--but what kid wouldn't love it. Plus you won't break the bank having fun with the nuggets now will you! Suprise-suprise another 5-star review, quit making up excuses and go already!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/4/2012,136,206,9,16,8>Really awesome neighborhood store.The concept will take some getting used to for most folks,  it once you've been a time or two you'll be set.Everyone there is super helpful, and will patiently explain things Small, but good selection of veggies and meat, as well as a ton of dry goods.They've got beers on tap and a soda fountain, as well as a bunch of easy tiger baked goods.Everything there looked tasty or useful, except the diva cups... They scared me.This place will basically function as a daily farmers market, but you'll probably need to supplement with HEB if you need something more roxic/processed.Tons of gluten free options forbyou celiac people, vegan stuff for you hippies, and steak and brownies for the rest of us.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/3/2012,53,195,16,9,11>Husband: What do you want for dinner tonight?Me: Thai food, we never get Thai food and I want to try that place all the Yelpers rave about.Husband: I don't like thai food.  Can't we try that Ethiopian place?  Thai is always so bland and blah.Me: You've never had good Thai food. You don't even know if you like it or not.  Now, off to Titayas.  And if it's gross, you can pick the next 3 dinners.So we go, and order the shrimp spring rolls.  And they were divine.  I love the slightly sweet, slightly spicy peanut dipping sauce.  I order the chicken Pak Kee Mao, which is one of my favorite dishes.  Husband orders the seafood and red curry special.  His shows up in this giant ball of tinfoil, steaming with goodness.  And his eyes get wide, and he stabs a giant piece of curry drenched calamari and inhales it.  And then makes himself a little curry rice pile of yum.  Mouth full "Ok fine. I was wrong. I do like Thai food. This is SO GOOD.  What do you have there?  Are those noodles?  That's weird, they look weird, OMG those are good noodles!"  And they were good noodles.  A little spicy symphony of chicken and bad ass.  My stomach was like "YEAH! GET IN HERE AND PLAY!"I'm glad I finally listened to you Yelpers and gave this place a try.  And I'm even MORE glad my husband finally realizes he likes this stuff and that I can make him pick it up on his way home from work!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,9/2/2012,42,58,7,11,4>4.5 stars  (seriously Yelp needs to go non-integer already!)Milto's is a long-time mainstay in the UT area with all the character and idiosyncrasy befitting central Austin.The staff is incredibly friendly, talkative, and make you feel welcome instantly. Back in the day one of the clerks always knew little details about me each time, even when I called over the phone for takeout she would say "hi Chris," before I even gave my name...  maybe a stalker LOL or maybe just super personable people.  The food leans more towards the decadent greasy side of italian/greek cuisine, but DAMN its good!  The Mama's choice gyro is my favorite gyro in town. The flaky n cheesy tyropitas take forever to make yet so worth it, but I think this generation needs to learn more about delayed gratification :P  The sicilian pizza and stromboli can be a bit dough heavy, so you may want to order thin crust unless you really like dough. The chicken and gyro meat are nice and juicy with lots of flavor unlike many greek joints where the meat gets too dry. One upside is that everything seems to be handmade and meticulously prepared, but on the downside the wait can pretty long. During peak hours the place is packed tight and with only so much oven space you may be there a while, so if you're in a hurry or your patience is as thin as Newt Gingrich's fidelity you may need to opt for another time to visit this pub. Bottom-Line:  Greeks and greasy grub
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/1/2012,88,115,16,19,18>After a while of Yelping it's possible to get completely unsolicited advice from friends; "You should Yelp about THIS...", or "Only give this place ____stars...", are tossed out there when eating with others.  AS IF my written word is worth SO MUCH in the cyberspace.  It's not really.  Just my personal opinion placed on a silly social site.HOWEVER...having read this far, I'll make it brief.It's been said that if you want a culinary SCENE...you go to Dallas.  But if you're a FOODIE...you come to Austin. The food here is well made, tasty, and obviously has oodles of love put into every aspect of it.   I am sure people can gripe about the cost of a SANDWICH.  Or that this isn't French enough!  I thought the pricing was fair.My server, ASHLEY (who ROCKS), detailed the specials like someone who has invited you to their house to nosh.  Not like waitstaff trained to memorize menus. Beware though...she looked pretty cool; she might have had the hipster stank on her.  Try not to judge her for that; instead for the fact that she was an attentive, informed, and rad server.  Sure the tables are TINY, there are LOADS of flies (I remember when Justine's used to have the same issues, & they got it fixed to be the wondrous place it STILL is...maybe it's a French food thing.  Maybe that's why they're called "Frogs".), and I am sure that anyone going on a weekend, or right at dinner, will have a wait.  I give it the 5 stars because I liked it.  Then again...I'm hipsterific enough to know what the hell "C'est la vie!" even means.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,8/31/2012,89,252,4,11,6>Like this place needs another review. But here we go anyway. This place is so much fun! I love the ping pong table and the hula hoops (and yes, I have hula'd here before), and find the ambiance to be spot-on for a Friday night. A few weeks ago, I had a great time counting how many people in the back patio were on their phones at any given time. Generally, about a third of the clientele are not talking to the friends at their table, but are instead absorbed in their tiny silver screens (including my own friends, and myself at times). I also realized while people-watching, though, that Lustre Pearl attracts all kinds: Those looking for a nice cocktail on a first date, the hipsters who really need the neon sunglasses while they sip their Lone Star or PBR, and those like myself, who need to unwind after work. I don't particularly like the taco cart that serves food nearby. It's pretty lackluster fare, so I do with that the LP would offer another food option, but other than that, this place is pretty perfect.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/30/2012,137,114,7,18,13>Our petcare costs were already insane so the new elderly rescue dog was quite a tipping point in our expenses.  Two ancient cats (17 and 16), two rambunctious ridgebacks (3 and 10), plus a new 14 year old dauchsund.  Imagine the vet bills for a second then breathe.So we packed the three dogs up on Saturday at 10 am and it was already flooded with cars.  We got all the dogs out of the car and went inside.  Mistake.  Next time I'll go in to check when they'll actually be able to take me because we weren't going to be seen until 2:30.It's really nice of them to tell us when they will be able to see us rather than making us sit around waiting all day.  It was a long enough wait for us to head home for a while.When we came back at our time they were able to take us within 5 minutes.  The rooms are not fancy.  The floors are old and peeling and the waiting chairs are plastic lawn chairs.  I'd much rather they spend the money on the care.  Everyone we spoke with was incredibly nice despite what had clearly been a long day.  As I've heard others say:  they really do care about the animals.They handled our needs quickly and efficiently.  Made sure the dog could see us the whole time so they'd stay calmer.  To me that shows a true love of pets and understanding of our connection with them.The bill was one-third of what it would've been at our regular vet.  The only exception was the Comfortis, the flea pills.  They were retail costs - 90 dollars for six months for each dog.  That's comparable to the price anywhere else.  We only give them to the dogs six months out of the year so that's ok for now.  In the future I'll get them somewhere else.  We added a donation to the bill.  Wish we could've donated more.All-in-all the money we saved was worth the slight inconvenience and the care was almost better than what I've seen much fancier vet offices.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,8/28/2012,309,299,5,14,13>So before I get started I think I should be clear... I was here for the soft opening.. the restaurant had never been open before.The food was amaaaaaazing! I went with three friends, we had everything on the test menu twice. The first dish we had was the Tod mun Ajad - it was some sort of curried white fish cake with basil cucumber and a chili relish. The flavor of the sauce on this one was magnificent, after we ate the fish cake pieces I drained the juices into a spoon and finished those off. There is a sweetness that I feel like I have tested somewhere before follow by a nice burn from  the chili oil. This dish was awesome however I have to say it was the least favorite of myself and my friends. We loved the flavor profile but the fish cake itself seemed a bit dense and odd. The best way to eat this dish I decided was to make sure and get a bite of the fish cake with cucumber and lots of sauce, I felt like if I ate it this way I got the full run of flavors going on. Even being our least favorite it was still an amazing dish.Next up on the menu was the Hong's Heaven, I love Pad Thai and I especially love Pad Thai.. its how I judge most Thai restaurants I especially love the subtle flavor of what I think to be tamarind paste in my Pad Thai. This did not disappoint .. it was delicious, I hate to talk about a dish without thinking of something that could be improved but this was damn near perfection. I suppose if I was being very very picky I could say that the noodles could have been a bit firmer but while I was eating that is the last thing I thought about. Shoving every bite of this deliciousness in my mouth is pretty much the only thing that was going through my mind while I ate. I also wanna give a big thumbs up to the presentation on this dish. I've seen TV chef's serve dishes that didn't have half the presentation of this one. The egg nest that it is served in is amazing. Its some sort of egg mesh, that just totally adds to the flavor of the dish. I'd like to go back and get a very large portion of this just for myself.Moving on we had the Kao Soi... this one is sort of a typical chicken curry, the sauce was mild and delicious and the addition of the crispy egg noodle definitely made it different that most chicken curries I've had. The chicken was so tender it was falling apart and the sauce went so well with the chicken. I cant think of anything even remotely negative to say about this dish. It would be hard to find a better chicken curry.Soft shell crab, being from South East Texas / South West Louisiana I've had lots of soft shell crab. That being said I've never had anything like the Sam Tam Poo Tod. The dish is Soft Shelled crab with a green papaya salad, edamame some sort of fish sauce and chili's. It would never have occurred to me to eat a green papaya ... never.. the whole time I was eating this I was like I don't know what this green stuff is but its amazing. Someone said it was Papaya and all I could think is its the wrong color ... The flavors on this one blend so well together, the small slices of tomatillo were a favorite of the group i was with, getting a bite of the crab and papaya with a tomatillo is like an explosion of flavor.  What I found most impressive is that the crab didn't over power this dish but just complimented all the other ingredients.Now on to my  two favorite dishes from the menu...The Larb Sake - this one is a Salmon Sashimi... I've eaten lots of Salmon Sashimi so I didn't expect  surprises here and I wasn't surprised so much as pleased. The salmon was melt in your mouth delicious the portion seemed rather large for the price. It was 7 bucks for a heft pile of salmon slices. I've paid as much a 4 bucks for a single slice of salmon sashimi so this seemed like an amazing deal to me. The sauce on the salmon was amazing .. there was a strong citrus flavor that perfectly complimented the salmon. Finally my favorite...  Escolar Curry.. now I've heard all sorts of things about Escolar. I've heard its illegal in Japan, I've heard that if you eat more than 4 slices of it as Sashimi it makes you sick. I don't know if any of this is true. I have also never had it cooked. I do know its just about my favorite Sashimi so it stands to reason it would cook up nice. I was definitely not disappointed. The curry on this one was even better than the curry on the chicken. The fish itself was tender and to me sorta tasted like white perch.  I savored every bite and probably ate more of this than anything. I'd be hard pressed to explain the complexities of the flavor profile but this is a must try dish and one that I hope eat many many more times.I had never been to a restaurant opening before so this was a very nice experience. I look forward to going back and hope to see the consistently continue to be creative and deliver lots of new flavors for my pallet to enjoy!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,8/27/2012,71,150,8,13,12>We went for the soft opening and loved this place. It's right above the Elephant Room on Congress, and it's what Austinites might remember as the Kyoto sushi restaurant. One might describe the restaurant environs as steam punk (think: Jules Verne, 2,000 leagues under the sea) meets lounge. It's very hip and fun and lively and really transports you. I felt as if I were somewhere in NYC. The tables are small and close together and I think the intimate restaurant is perfect for a romantic meal followed by a visit to a jazz show downstairs.Our party of 6 fit into the large booth in the corner and we had the spiced beer nuts, french fries, and blistered shishitos with Garrotxa cheese. The person with the spiciest shishito pepper won a shot of something something (shot of whiskey in pickle juice?). I think it was an opening night thing, so don't expect that, but do expect every sauce--including mayo, ketchup, squid ink, wing sauce, etc.-- be handmade, original and delicious. For the second course, we had the pork belly foie gras bahn mini mihs, which are a great combination. The foie gras melts in your mouth, along with the crispy bread, cilantro, pork belly, and jalepenos. Everyone loved the caesar salad. Note that the fish is served with its head on, eyeballs and everything! Zut alors! Again, very exciting, and one the most popular dishes of the evening, along with the scallops that are served on  a cucumber sorbet with a spicy sauce on the side. We also tried the venison kebab, which is served with a purple squid ink sauce. The duck wings had a great tangy-sweet dipping sauce. The braised oxtail and blue cheese flatbread was really tender and yummy. My favorite thing of all had to be the squid fries. For dessert, we became gluttonous little fatties, as if we weren't already, and tried the Popcorn and a Movie, which was a salty sweet crowd pleaser. The Lemon Panna Cotta was excellent, and was a contender for my favorite panna cotta in town, which used to be located at Vespaio Enoteca. And then came the craziest thing of all: the Peanut Butter and Jelly dessert. There were cute little waffle things, fresh fruit jam, and the amazing foie gras "peanut butter." I will upload a picture of this sweet treat that I can't stop talking about, as well as some other fun pics. All in all, it was an exciting night for the foodies. The service merited five stars, just like everything else. Mostly, I was happy to finally see something more culinarily adventurous come to town. I remember when, in 2001, Wink first opened and how revolutionary it seemed at the time: wine pairing, food that was fresh from the garden, menus that changed daily. I felt that same excitement when I went to Swift's Attic. They really pushed the envelope, and I can't wait to see what they come up with next time.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/26/2012,60,162,7,11,5>Imagine that the Alamo Drafthouse got his tattoos removed, bought a button-down shirt, had a couple of kids and moved the the suburbs.  That is the Flix Brewhouse.  It's a slightly more clean-cut version of the Alamo.  That's not necessarily a good thing or a bad thing, it's just a fact.  Flix feels like a Round Rock place, not an Austin place.  The whole setup is, of course, quite similar to the Alamo.  Flix has introduced a couple of innovations I enjoyed.  The first was the elimination of the line to get into the theater.  Flix has instituted a Southwest Airlines-style seating system, meaning that they call you into your theater (over the loudspeaker) in seating groups.  Until your group is called, there is no advantage to lining up, so you are free to mill about the lobby and, of course, buy drinks at the bar.  This is genius for them - they have successfully monetized the waiting-around time that goes otherwise untapped at the Alamo.  The other cool innovation is the pull-out table in the theater, which means that you never have to put your plate in your lap.  Kinda cool.  I was on the fence about the whole call button that summons your server.  I didn't find this to be any more or less disruptive than the flag system at the Alamo.The only huge advantage that Flix has over the Alamo is the beer.  Flix brews its own, and all of the brews I tried were really quite good.  They have introduced a "Funkhouse" series of beers made with wild yeast, including one made with caramelized persimmons, that was really quite excellent.  Pretty cool.In short, while I liked Flix and loved their beer, I don't know that I would go out of my way to go here instead of the Alamo Drafthouse.  Still, I am glad this exists and will probably go back the next time they put something really unique on tap.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,8/25/2012,95,166,19,15,13>As I sit here sopping up my left over saag paneer from last night with my perfectly grilled roti, I am reminded how it is long overdo for me to write this review.It all started about three years ago in the north location, when my then-fiance and I would have our Monday-night date-nights at Bombay Bistro.  (We called it Bom-Bay-Bee-Bo-Bondays- if you say it really fast, it can sound pretty cool, I promise.)  We always had the same waiter, Preetesh, who not only taught us about the food on the menu but would also teach us about his country and language.  The food became secondary to the friendship we formed with him.  As we moved south and the south location opened, who did we find to greet us on our first date night there?  Preetesh!  Jump forward to now and Preetesh has been promoted to manager of this location and runs an AMAZING Indian dining experience.  The new location is a pretty large restaurant with a pretty upscale feel to it.  What's great is that you can come in workout clothes to dine or get dressed up for a date night!  Either way, you are there for the food anyway.  They have a decent sized bar with nice liquors and beer to choose from and even some specialty cocktails that can be quite tantalizing... I like the mango martini myself.  In checking out the drink specials, they have some pretty great deals each night which are definitely worth taking advantage of.  For example, on Monday nights, they have $2 domestic and micro brews... pretty awesome with that spicy Indian food!Anyway, at this point, we have eaten pretty close to almost everything on the menu.  On the appetizers:  the Chicken 65 is super spicy but yummy!  We got to try this when they first added it to the menu and though our mouths were set on fire, our tastebuds were happy.  We commonly order the samosas which will knock your socks off.. And if you check in on Yelp when you are there, you can get a free one! (Well, they are running this deal now, anyway.)  For main courses, here are our regular orders:  the vegetarian sampler for 1 (SOOOOO much food but SOOOO good), aloo baigan (eggplant dish- spicy and yummy!), vegetable coconut curry, Goan fish curry (if you are wanting fish and curry, this is incredible coconut-goodness!), and my hubby always gets:  the lamb chop masala (it comes out in a beautiful presentation in a deep smokey, red sauce that I always sop up with my naan!), the Khuroos-e-tursh (chicken stuffed with spinach in a crack-like addition sauce), and the tandoori chicken is a great staple.  My personal favorite additions, which we get EVERY time we eat there, is the garlic naan and the aloo paratha.  This garlic naan has to be the best in the USA and the aloo paratha is whole wheat naan stuffed with potatoes, peas and goodness!  Use these babies to compliment any dish you choose or eat it all by itself.  Don't forget the little green sauce they give you when you sit down... that is a great topping for lots of things you order too!  Oh... desert!  Preetesh has been experimenting over the years with the ice cream recipes... and boy, does he have it down now!  The pistachio ice cream, is thick and creamy and has whole pistachios adorning the bottom of your dish.  The mango is also thick and creamy and yummy... you must save room for both!All in all, you know you have hit an ethnic gold mine when there are always natives enjoying the cuisine.  Bom-Bay-Bee-Bo, as we recently learned, caters all over the state and has a great online take-out menu.  They also do a brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 11:30am-3pm which has a stellar menu!  We cannot wait to try it out!  You will never be disappointed with the quality or flavor of the food and you most certainly will never be disappointed with the service!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/24/2012,116,224,6,11,9>This review is solely based on their catering and I can't say enough great things about their fun and inventive take on "fusion sushi". No, it's not traditional sushi, but it is interesting and even non sushi lovers will like it. Go for the "Respect my Asparagi" vegan roll, or the "Rasta" roll with succulent shrimp, the BBQ brisket roll is sure to please your down home friends and "The Grouch" with chicken and carmelized onion is splendid. Each comes with tasty sauces. They order their fish through the same purveyor as Uchi and Uchiko, so you know it's top quality.Rumor has it they are going to do a trailer, so keep your eyes open. My clients were all thrilled when they heard we were doing sushi for our office open house, so hopefully I've made some new fans for this place as it's local, it's creative and tasty.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/22/2012,91,209,9,13,5>In the words of my favorite radio DJ: "UH-MAZING."After more than a decade of relying on self-measuring techniques, it was time for me to get my first "real" bra fitting. I fear the Victoria's Secret girls, who always offer to measure you, but have you ever seen someone actually get measured in that store? It's bizarre. They don't measure around your ribcage, but several inches away from your body. How does measuring air get you a bra size?Petticoat Fair associates know what they're doing! I signed in, got my fitting done and was presented with a pile of bras, the majority of which fit very well. My designated bra magician, Lea, showed and explained how each bra should fit, signs that they don't fit and what to do to make them fit better (OH, so that's why I would ever need a bra extender!) My skeptic sister was with me and after trying on a few sale bras that didn't fit, proposed that the store's bras run in sizes that make you sound more voluptuous than you are, but the store carries normal brands like Calvin Klein, DKNY, Jezebel and Betsey Johnson, which are all found in department stores. She also got a fitting and was surprised to find that her real size fit incredibly well! Ha!Oh, I saved the best for last. All this time, I thought I was a 34A. My new size? 32C! Yeah, I'm a C-cup! What what! ;)
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,8/21/2012,204,582,5,7,8>Haven't been to Rainey Street area in a long time but this place makes me want to come back. Daily. Thumbs up to their PR team who got the word out (what foodie didn't hear about this place?), but double thumbs up for offering an amazing selection of beer and fab food that had people coming back for more by Night Two. This place got packed on Tuesday! We were fortunate enough to arrive early (6:15ish?) and got seated inside right away. It's family style seating but not "it will take two hours to get seated" Barley Swine, rather "come on in and pig out" ala Rudy's BBQ. It would be a perfect place to bring a big group, but as popular as this place already is, not sure if that would fly. (They were so slammed last night they were out of several items.)  If you look at the website you'll get a good idea of the vibe here, and no detail was overlooked.  My date didn't seem impressed with our waiter but I thought he was knowledgeable enough for the second night they were open. He was able to help me pick a stout (Anderson Valley Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout - creamy goodness!) and aided me in my sausage selection. There are so many options here it can be overwhelming, but I think our waiter is right, "you can't go wrong." I ordered the chicken/apple sausage with sauerkraut and sweet (which is also spicy) mustard and garlic aioli. I honestly feel the sausages here hold up just fine without all the fancy extras, but hey, more is more.  (I actually asked for the sauces on the side cuz I thought they'd be too much, but that detail slipped through; no matter, it was excellent even with everything piled on!). My boyfriend ordered one of the vegetarian options with all sorts of goodies and loved it. We also got fried pickles were great. I enjoy how most items here are housemade, and made by peeps who know what they doing. And now...for the best part (sausage and beer? hard to top!). The Snickers Bar in Jar. I just made that name up, and Ben, it's ok if you steal it. They take a squat mason jar and as I imagine it,  line it with hot fudge, then freeze it. Then, they fill it with vanilla ice cream then layer on peanuts and caramel, then top with more fudge to seal it all in. Good god, it's amazing. Speaking of god, we think we might have seen Jesus - wearing skinny jeans - hanging out by the mini dog park (yup, they have a fenced in area out back). We joked that if Jesus was going to be hanging out anywhere in Austin, it would absolutely be Banger's, home of the 101 tap wall and ecstasy-inducing Snicker Bar in a Jar (man that's got a nice ring to it, jus' sayin').And now for the parts of our evening that were not so heavenly (which for now I will chalk up to just opening). While extremely attentive at first, as the place got busier, service got worse. I suppose this is to be expected, but it still was unfortunate. I felt like we were at ESSR and needed to place two drink orders at once, lest wait forever for beer two. (My second beer was an Irish Stout, but not the Brooklyn, and it was slightly bitter at the finish. Not enjoyable on its own, but perfect with dessert.)  Also, as more people piled in it got so loud it made conversation nearly impossible, as rowdy as an elementary school cafeteria, and it was bad enough that I needed to move outside because it was making me anxious. We asked the hostess if we could move and she seemed grateful as she had people waiting. She told us to let our waiter know and we would transfer outside. This is probably our bad, but we couldn't find our waiter so we told the guy bringing our drinks, but ti was a conversation the hostess overheard thus led us outside to sit down. Service was worse outside and the dessert we'd just ordered never showed up. Luckily a manager stopped by to say hi, and within a minute, our jar of heaven showed up. But our waitress was practically non-existent. Ah well. (Busing staff was on their game BTW, inside and out.) I'm  assuming service will work itself out here; it's a ton of tables/people to manage and while they seemed to have a LOT of staff, they just might not have running as smoothly as possible yet. Reserving a star because by the time we left we were in pretty sour moods.  In conclusion, this is still a MUST, and will be one of the stops I now recommend to folks visting Austin, or for anyone looking to try a new area of town, or is into sausage and/or beer (basically I'll be recommending it to lots of people, ha).  BUT, I will likely recommend they wait a month...and maybe don't go on a weekend, or go at lunch...or simply make sure they exercise some patience.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/20/2012,103,180,37,14,14>How does this place not have five stars? What the hell is wrong with you people? What do ya'll need? It's two dollars to swim in a clean, friendly, uncrowded pool. Two dollars? Really? There is plenty of shade, they let you smoke cigarettes, there is an adult area, and a lap pool. Every once in a while you even get to see titties? How can you ask for anything more? Were you expecting a concierge? Maybe some young slave girls to fan you with palm fronds? I'm really losing my faith in other people's expectations. This place is awesome. It's centrally located. It's a local spot so you don't get bunched in with loads of tourists. It's shady, and they just laid new grass. I love Deep Eddy, and you lazy, no five star givin people should too.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/19/2012,278,170,18,6,14>One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, SeñorI'll just stare up to the ceiling and the gaudy decor.The menu here is missing the vodka I so adoreOne tequila, two tequila, three tequila, a bore.One tequila, two tequila, just the same as beforenot much a tequila fan, I'll see myself to the door.The Mezcal nor the Sotol just don't please me anymoreOne tequila, two tequila, mas tequila encore.One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor400 rabbits with good friends but tequila galore.Who must I talk to now, which rabbit should I implore,the lack of less sweet drink options is causing me heartsore.One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, I snore,I'll scour the menu to see what else they pour.All hope was lost until I laid my eyes on Fireman's Fournot any strong tequila drinks were needed anymore. I now summon my brave Firemen: One, Two, Three and Fourand pray that I'll be able to walk back out the door.The risk of driving drunk is one that's too big to ignoreI'm no longer that young, irresponsible sophomore.One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, score,and you can customize the drinks that you will not deplore.So, dear Yelpers, I beseech you, this place has so much more,five stars for 400 rabbits, without any rancor. /p.s. The food and drink menu can be found here: drafthouse.com/blog/entr
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/18/2012,485,555,31,28,30>::A Flashback::About a year ago, the boy asked me if I wanted to go to Calvin's.me: Oooo Calvin's. Yeah! What is it?him: It's a jewelry store.me: Oh, I like jewelry. I also like cupcakes. Mmmmmm.him: No honey, it's special jewelry.me: Oh.I was a little finicky when we first arrived, for lots of reasons. This is not my typical jewelry source: glittering precious stones, unlike the affordable, funky glass and painted ceramic ear-danglies from my favorite local artists. This is also local, but it's eyeball-gouging blindness, a shiny display of delicate items I usually do my best to avoid. My reputation of losing jewelry was established at an early age; it's my accidental motto.When we walked in, it became evident that there had already been... discussions. The diamond expert, Katherine, greeted the lovebutton like they knew each other. This was not just Saturday-morning perusing. I started sweating, which coincided nicely with Katherine's offer for a Calvin's-branded water bottle. Hallelujah.I was asked lots of questions, and my responses were essentially useless. Not too big. Not too small. Big, but little. I like that one, but not the band. I like this one, but not the shape. Shiny, but not a disco ball. Shiny, but not a disco ball. Dainty (right brain), but geometric (left brain). And above all: no stinking face-slicing prongs. This clearly wasn't the first time a shell-shocked potential fiance had blabbered through big gulps of water. But my commentary was received warmly, and I was eventually at ease.Having once received a hand-me-down fake engagement ring, I was also a little confused. You mean, you want my input on a piece of jewelry I will be wearing every day? And it matters to you that I like it? And it's not just going to be a moderately shiny piece of glass? Wow. And while I hardly remember the visit and the vague preferences I spouted, I found myself back at Calvin's recently, after...::The Proposal::Which is the best proposal story, and too long to post. (I tried. There are length limits)::Last Weekend::The ring is perfect. But it was a little too large, so I returned to Calvin's to have The Precious resized. I was not pleased about this temporary separation, but the ring kept rotating, spinning right 'round baby, right 'round at will. Having called in advance, it was estimated it would take 3 to 5 days to size it down. I had planned it so that I wouldn't leave the house, eating only popcorn and cake, waiting in darkness until The Precious was mine again.I was warmly welcomed, congratulated, and consoled during the ring hand-over. Then I went to make ill-advised shoe purchases to help soften the blow.One hour into shoe shopping, they called. Was The Precious injured in some terrible laser-jinx accident?!?! No. She was ready to be picked up. Woah! I promptly abandoned all 12 pairs of shoes and hauled it.When I pranced into Calvin's, wide-eyed and dancey, who happened to be standing at the counter with the kind salesperson but Sir Calvin himself? He placed the adjusted ring on my finger, admired his fine craftsmanship, and declared: "it is a beautiful ring." Oh yes, yes it is. He invited me to come by as often as I like for ring cleanings, which is excellent because there's a froyo place just next door.As I was telling the boy later about the experience, he stopped me towards the end.him: Wait! You got to meet Calvin? THE Calvin?me: Oh yes, he was so nice.him: I didn't even get to meet him - and I've been over there. A lot.me: Yes, but I'm the girl. Everyone wants to make the girl happy.him: Of course, my love.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,8/17/2012,100,128,4,8,6>I've been here three times this winter.  Had I written this review after the first two experiences it would have been 5 stars.  On my third visit they messed up on the roast leg of lamb and lamb chops which were two of my favorite cuts on my first two visits.  So I'm docking them a star.Estancia has a lot going for it.  The place has a nice ambiance with rich interior decor and a posse of waitstaff in their gaucho outfits hauling skewers with bountiful cuts of meat.  Like any other Brazilian Steakhouse this is a meat lover's dream.  It's all you can eat of everything they offer except dessert and alcohol.Shortly after you are seated and served your drinks you are invited to help yourself at the salad bar which is impressive in both content and appearance.  Aside from your conventional salad ingredients they offer; aged cheeses, fresh cheeses, cured meats, mushrooms, green beans, asparagus spears, artichoke hearts, tuna salad, bean salad, potato salad, and a variety of other items I can't remember at the moment.  All of it is fresh and tasty but every ounce you eat is an ounce of meat you can't squeeze in later.  As you finish off your salad plate rolls and side dishes consisting of mashed potatoes, polenta, and fried bananas are delivered to the table.  Then the fun begins.Similar to other Brazilian steakhouses I have visited they provide everyone at the table with a coaster that is green on one side and red on the other side.  Green is for "I'm still hungry" and red is for "I need a break".  Once you flip green the gauchos spin into action like whirling dervishes feverishly turning from table to table carving off offerings of their cuts of meat from their skewers.  The cuts include: bottom sirloin, top sirloin, filet Mignon, garlic steak, Picanha, beef ribs, leg of lamb, lamb chops, pork tenderloin, sausage, chicken, and various combinations of the above cuts wrapped in bacon.  I tend to stick the beef and lamb and my favorites are the Picanha, leg of lamb, and lamb chops.  The Picanha is top sirloin that is more heavily seasoned than their other sirloin offerings and it is absolutely delectable.  Very moist and tender with just the right amount of fat.  I heard angels singing when I bit into the leg of lamb and lamb chops on my first two visits.  The marinade they bath these cuts in is delicious and hard for me to describe when they are done right.  On my third visit both cuts of lamb were off and I attribute this to marinade which was heavy on the vinegar (I think) on my third visit.  It was actually disappointing because they set such high expectation after my first two visits.I really enjoy dining at Estancia because I am a meat lover.  It's easy to over do it here as the gauchos keep coming by with skewers that call out to you like sirens.  Plus they mislead you a little by cutting thin slivers of meat.  You think they are small slivers so you end up eating too many as you try a little of everything in their large inventory.  Pace yourself and prepare for the ensuing meat hang over when you dine here!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,8/16/2012,27,51,17,9,5>After we finally found parking I glanced up at the awesome neon sign that is Lucy's Fried Chicken and let out a vintage sigh. It's a sexy woman holding a chicken leg, kicking her leg up and down. I thought, "That's a great sign. It'd be cooler if she was kicking a chicken in the head though." Then I thought, "It'd be cooler if she was kicking a chicken in the head and the head was flying off into the sky or into an oil pot or into her mouth or something."Anyhow, we sat outside on the Dukes of Hazard-ish patio and our waitress showed up all bubbly and fried chicken smelling. My wife and I both instantly noticed she looked like the actress from that "No one puts Baby in the corner!" movie starring the late, great P. Swayze. I mean, she looked exactly like Baby. We ordered Deep Fried Deviled Eggs and an order of El Diablo Oysters for an appetizer. We also ordered cocktails. My wife ordered the Bee Sting which she loved and I ordered some type of "old fashioned" whiskey drink which was alright, but a bit sweet. The Deep Fried Deviled Eggs were a bit salty and I'm a salty dog, but overall they were good. One is enough for most people. They are buttermilk breaded and come with an aioli dipping sauce which makes for a very rich and overpowering experience that instantly takes your cholesterol level up to Code Wal-Mart. The wood fired, El Diablo Oysters w/ jalapeno butter, bacon and Parmesan were hot. I mean like burn your butt hole all day, next day, hot. I love hot things and these made me get the winter porch sweats. Mind you, I ate all 6 of them because my wife doesn't like oysters. I look forward to having the delicious gut bombs again. Sorry butt hole.We ordered a simple basket of chicken that came with 4 pieces: a wing, a leg, a thigh and a breast with a side of Crab-Boil Potato Salad. I could taste the Crab-Boil in the potato salad, but that didn't necessarily blow the skin off my chicken. I'm going to skip this side next time and go for another oddly named side like, "Mexican Coke Sweet Potatoes" or "African Hobo Soup". I'm just kidding they don't have African Hobo Soup. I made that up. But the chicken. The chicken was good and it came with a bunch of jalapenos sliced up like tiny car wheels. The chicken was light, well cooked, not too greasy and simply a very nice and well thought out bucket of fried chicken. I was impressed. I didn't think fried chicken could get much better.We then ordered a slice of every type of pie they had in order to serve it to some friends who were coming over the next day. All the pie was very good. Especially the S'mores. Then some cops showed up to eat at Lucy's and sat down near us and I thought, "Fuck those cops. They'll probably try to beat me down and steal my pie slices. Let's leave sweetheart."So we left, but I look forward to going back here. I also look forward to kicking a chicken in the head. A chicken wearing a cop outift.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,8/15/2012,78,223,4,7,6>Gluten free heaven!!! Ok, I'm sure it's still totally yummy if you're not gluten free but... fried chicken AND mac and cheese that I can eat?? How can I not be in love? * Fried chicken - Oh yum. All white meat chicken that was juicy and flavorful and coated in a light crispy crust. And the green hot sauce that it comes with was SOO interesting and good... spicy and tangy? It also came with a small side of an apple and yogurt salad that was just meh. * Mac and cheese - We got the side to split and it was also super tasty! Very very creamy and smoky tasting. * Pork sausage, gravy and biscuits - This was not so great. Barely any sausage and really salty.  But gluten free biscuits... I can't say it was all bad.I want to go back and try the quinoa salad. Ha... who am I kidding? I'm totally going to get the fried chicken and mac and cheese :)
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/14/2012,325,414,11,11,10>"Meet you in the bar." So we did. Four beautiful ladies and one happy hour. But it was way more than happy. And it was way more than one hour. Service, food and drinks were all great. Nay, wonderful. My arm was sorely twisted to have 3 glasses of wine. In front of us sat oysters--they were great of course (even though I think the shells were re-used). Also had tuna tartare, which was great, especially on the crackers it was served with. I have to mention the Lobster Bisque (yada, yada, yada), which was creamy and delicious. The first few bites were amazing, but it eventually got to be a little too rich. Don't worry; I still ate the whole thing.The happy hour menu is a great one. Head on down there for a few apps and few great drinks. And sit there awhile. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/13/2012,127,78,7,7,8>Based on the number of times that Errol M has checked into Yogertz, it was high time I cured my yogurt craving by checking out this self-serve yogurt joint.It's true, the reviews don't lie. This place is spot on. I like my yogurt to be creamy and smooth not icey. The yogurt here was as smooth as silk. Of course as soon as I walked in I asked for a sample cup...gotta taste the goods before settling. I had never had salted carmel pretzel which in the end won over my tastebuds. I had also never had boysenberry which also landed in my togo cup. Top those two off with some chocolate milk shake and I had a winning combination. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have fruity pebbles as a topping but the lucky charms did the trick. Definitely on my list as top.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/12/2012,68,205,8,7,6>This review is from the Department of Redundancy Department. What can you say about a place that is special, and everyone knows that it is? Yes, Noble Pig has taken a tiny strip center slot and created some sandwich magic. And they did it in the far north culinary hinterlands.The line out the door and the abysmally overcrowded parking situation testifies to what you feel in your heart when you trek to Noble Pig. The sandwiches are straight class; great flavors, top quality ingredients, and a chef's influence. It's the type of place that Food Network falls over itself to feature. I just get the feeling that a food institution is developing right here. Come early to beat the lines and enjoy this not-so-hidden gem,.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/11/2012,160,162,5,10,6>Life changing falafel, never ending supply of Groupons, and amazing garlic mayo sauce. WIN. Oh and their french fries are amazing. DOUBLE WIN. Those are the three things that keep me coming back to this place incessantly; a place which I never even heard of until a couple of weeks ago. (I blame the law school bubble). And the workers. Who knew someone could be so passionate about fried chickpea balls? Instead of overbearing, it comes off genuine, adding to an ever growing list of reasons why this place is a winner. Sure it's in the Triangle (blah) and half the time it's damn near impossible to find any semblance of a parking space, (double blah) but Moaz's bad-assery keeps me coming back again and again.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,8/10/2012,125,534,7,8,8>You know this place is legit if they can make pork blood and pig intestine taste awesome. Yeah that's right. You heard me. It's #792 on the menu. Spicy Szechuan pork blood and intestine. Try it if you're feeling adventurous, but don't bite any of the peppercorns. Your mouth will go numb. Also, their drunken chicken (#232) is pretty amazing, and the Shredded Pork w/Preserved Veggie reminded me of my mom's cooking (except she used less salt). My boyfriend and I were pretty impressed with all of the dishes we tried, and he especially liked the intestine and pork blood. I'm fairly confident that whatever you pick, Asia Cafe will deliver in terms of taste and speed. I think the only other place that can match the speed at which they cook your food is a pho restaurant. So close your eyes, and pick something off the menu at random. You won't be disappointed.[Edit] - visited again on 7/28. Ordered spicy fish fillet, stir fry water spinach, and the drunk chicken. Was not impressed with the spicy fish fillet. The flavors were one-dimensional (ie spicy) and not as good as some of their other Szechuan dishes. The water spinach was phenomenal and brought back many a childhood memory of being in Taiwan. The drunk chicken was crunk as usual.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/9/2012,17,85,3,10,4>I was fully prepared to hate this place.  It's in that god-awful Arbor Walk complex that is impossible to enter or exit.  It's built in the middle of a parking lot.  It's a chain and I'm snobby about that kind of thing.  It has an Mexican accented English banner outside that says "Eeees pretty good."  I was really hungry, kinda cranky, and my boyfriend sorta had to drag me to Lupe Tortilla.Since it's a soft opening, they're limiting the number of guests, so we had to wait a few minutes despite the restaurant not being crowded at all.  We sat outside on the tacky-ish (remember it's a chain) patio and prepared to be underwhelmed.But instead, we were quickly given big glasses of water and chips with a very fresh, very vibrant pico style salsa and some smoky charro beans to munch on. It was after my first bite of salsa that my mind opened up.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it's better than you'll find at any restaurant in any parking lot next to a Chuck-E-Cheese.Our friendly server was on the ball throughout the meal, and delivered some free mini fajitas for us to sample.  They were delicious, but I was feeling seafoody so I went with the shrimp tacos.  These were a huge success - fresh plump shrimp in puffy tortillas with plenty of fresh veggies.  It had  a ton of flavor and it was sturdy and filling enough, but not a gut bomb like most tex mex.  My man got enchiladas and a puffy taco which both exceeded expectations. Their red sauce is delicious and the meal lacked the weight of it's typical cousins at other places.  I think the key here is that they don't rely so much on cheese to mask mediocre ingredients.On top of the good food, you can tell there's a commitment to quality service here.  It's hard to put your finger on, but for a soft opening the wait staff seemed like they had been at it for years and there was a professionalism on display that is rare.Austin's local Tex Mex faves could learn a thing or two from this spot.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/8/2012,254,785,8,9,9>While I'm tempted to list off a few 'Yo Momma' snaps, I'll hold off as I think this place has a lot of promise and a welcomed addition to Airport Blvd.Things I liked:- Went with the 'Norma Jean' - 1/2 pound burger 'stuffed' with cheese with lettuce, tomato, and onions.  The meat was solidly seasoned.  The cheese was wonderful and lived up to the molten-y promise of a stuffed burger.  (Hate it when a place barely melts the cheese on a cheeseburger).  I prefer this burger over fellow Airport Blvd tenants Burger Tex and Stallion Grill.- Fries and onion rings are solid.Things that need work:- This place was a dump when I visited in April.  I wouldn't take your mom there and I'm not even related to her.  They had a tough job renovating a meat market but, after nearby Drink Well and Workhorse did such great remodels with challenging spaces, this warrants a demerit.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,8/7/2012,592,498,9,15,14>CCCccchhhhhyyyyeeeaaaa! That's what my brain was thinking when I had the first savory, mouth watering taste of the cajun shrimp taco. And that's a good thing. I went with the choice thanks to Karen W. and man was it a fantastic one. Ray was very friendly and seemed like an all around nice guy as I walked into his trailer and pondered my options. He gave me three different sauces and told me that mixing the mango and red one together was a good combo. I first tried the taco with no sauce... amazing. and then I tried it with the mango and red... also amazing... and then the chipotle was ALSO amazing! The large chunks of cajun shrimp were so flavorful and the taco was pretty large. I'm glad he cut the shrimp up into several pieces. Some places just toss three or four whole shrimp into a taco and sometimes they want to jump out... I don't really like that. The cheese and cilantro added nice flavor. I also loved the chipotle sauce! It was creamier than I expected but very good and not too spicy. I really can't wait to come back and try more... though it will be hard not to order at least one more cajun shrimp. :)  And as I've said before in other reviews, when the owner is friendly, cheerful, and nice, the food tastes that much better!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/6/2012,989,456,29,26,29>She didn't know it at the time--clearly, Melissa A.'s in on it now--but Sunday was quickly rolling around, and I found myself woefully sans a brunch partner. Frightened that I might be losing my touch (read: my precious popularity), my fears were allayed when Melissa A. came to my rescue by asking me to brunch at Frank while commenting on a completely unrelated status update on Facebook. I let out a sigh of relief. I couldn't fathom not having a brunch buddy on Sunday after church. That was close. Too close. Frank, huh? You know, as someone so intimately acquainted with The Warehouse District, I was surprised at myself for not having yet visited this gourmet wiener restaurant. I suppose that can be attributed to the fact that I'm usually busy with the wieners across the street at Oil Can Harry's and Rain. Yet in all seriousness, and without having seen the menu, my imagination flashed horrible, disturbing images of what to expect. Images such as chopped up hot dogs mixed with eggs, or a hot dog replacing a celery stalk in a Bloody Mary. Like I said, I could have read the menu online and put my mind at ease, but part of me wanted to torture myself and then be totally surprised. When I arrived, I was pleased to see it was bustling with activity, and before I could finish a single magazine article at the front waiting area, Melissa joined me. The hostess was extremely friendly, and explained to me--the newcomer--that they offered such dishes as chicken & waffles and shrimp & grits for brunch. I let out my second sigh of relief. No hot dog hash served up in here. Just southern comfort food with a Tex-Mex twist.   We were seated up on the stage used for live bands, which I didn't mind a bit because I love to be seen, especially when sporting my favorite deep lavender Armani shirt, which was already heavily complimented at church that morning. Oh, and yes--I was completely overdressed for Frank. It's definitely more of a come-as-you-are kind of place. But I had an excuse: I dress up for Jesus.  The first pear mimosa hadn't even been sipped yet before the usual brunch conversation ensued: Boys, boys, and more boys. I used the occasion to try something new (i.e., listen to someone else for a change), and Melissa regaled me with stories of the straight dating world. It was insightful, and a refreshing change, since I'm stuck bitching about the same person. And frankly, even *I'm* sick of hearing about him. Our waiter was chipper and prompt, and always kept our mason jars of water filled. Melissa and I made a pact to order the shrimp & grits (Six shrimp, yellow grits, gouda, red eye espresso gravy, bacon lardons), and the Texas Benedict (Jumbo split cheddar biscuit topped with pulled pork, fried eggs, jalapeno hollandaise) respectively, and then share. There was never a dull moment, especially with whoever this DJ was they had cranking out all the tunes I love--namely, 80's and early 90's music. We sort of danced in our chairs during "Bizarre Love Triangle", and if there had been a microphone nearby I probably would have just gone with it and put that stage to use. Also, kudos to the DJ for somehow seamlessly mixing in Vanilla Ice's "Ninja Rap" from the second Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie. As I continued to move to the lyrics "Ninja, ninja, rap!", it occurred to me that Madonna slept with that man. God, the early 90's were weird. I adored my Texas Benedict. What's not to love about a spiced up version of a brunch classic? The pulled pork was especially moist. Melissa liked her shrimp and grits well enough, but in all honesty found a couple of them to be obviously under-cooked. However, when this was brought to the manager's attention, she immediately took steps to have new shrimps brought out. But when that ran into some delay, she decided to comp Melissa's meal entirely. Not every place is perfect (and Frank was really busy that day), but a restaurant's most important test is usually how they utilize customer service to rectify a mistake. Frank did this well, so the impression we left with was definitely positive. In fact, my bestie Jen L. has requested to visit Frank when she comes to visit, based solely on the photos alone. I don't see why not. Thank you, Frank. Any Sunday brunch I can spend with a dear friend over booze while shoveling carbs in my mouth to the hallowed sounds of 80's music gets a gold star in my book. Well, 4 gold stars, at least. Yay, Frank.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/5/2012,704,840,19,22,22>The way to begin your Carillon experience is to peruse the wine, beer and drink menu, order something spectacular, hug friends, taste their drinks, perform the Angelina Jolie leg pose and, finally, pick up the dinner menu after your second drink arrives.  Hubs and I decided to go with the Two Appetizers and One Entree for $48/person.  The Grapefruit + Avocado Salad, a colorful concoction of bibb lettuce, fresh grapefruit, avocados and a luscious vanilla sauce drizzled around the plate, was a light and tasty beginning. Eating appetizer number two was like having brain sex.  It was a glorious Crisp Pork Belly, served with slices of sweet Asian pear, pungent Fried Mint and a tasty Diablo Glaze.  I vaguely remember one of my dining companions offering me a bite of her appetizer and I froze realizing I would have to give up a bite of my salty, crispy, tender, sweet beloved Pork Belly in the middle of our union. My entree, three gigantic slices of incredible Olive Oil Poached Tenderloin (yes, you read that correctly, poached in olive oil) along with crisp Duck Fat Fried Potatoes, delectable and earthy Turnips, and sweet, tender cippolini onions was amazing.  It was such a hefty serving that Hubs had to take over halfway through.Our happy ending dessert, a rich Guanaja Chocolate Terrine delivered with unique Candied Baguettes, a glorious Almond Nougatine and Chufa Nut Puree gave me the pee pee shivers. Don't know what that is?  Read a description here: yelp.com/biz/gourdoughs-Finally, just a word or two about our superman waiter, Gary, who handled orders, drinks and personalities at the table beautifully.  He made smart and welcomed recommendations, brought out a tasting of some kind of crack Sherry, and was a joyful asset to the evening.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,8/4/2012,198,276,8,13,14>So, this place already has a following, so be aware of that! I saw multiple people walk up to the window after me and the cook told them it would be about a 25 minute wait and one guy said "well, I'll be waiting....this is the only place I'll wait that long for a sandwich!"A lot of people go for the unfreakingbelievably delicious Shiner Bock battered Monte Cristo, and now I know why (this is also what seemed to cause the delay...it's a process to make a masterpiece!). I can only explain this yummy goodness as a ham sandwich cradled by the gooey goodness of the best grilled cheese you've ever had and then when you think it just can't get any better than this...someone suggests you should fry it in a light, perfectly crispy beer batter....and now your mind is completely blown. I couldn't decide if I liked the sandwich better plain or dipped in the cherry-fig jelly. It was a very very close tie. It seemed to me that we had all ordered at the same time because we were all waiting and then all of a sudden out came about 6 sandwiches in the span of two minutes. The chef/owner came out as soon as he'd finished with the rush and apologized for the wait and asked how it was...he walked to every table to greet people. I thought that was a really nice touch. I'm pretty sure the woman working there was his wife...she was on the ball, man. They seem to be a pretty great team. Holy crap...I almost forgot the homemade chips. You know those awesome potato chips that you get at the fair or, in our case, Pecan St. Festival? They're very obviously a freshly cut potato that has been perfect sliced and then fried into a crunch crunch chrunchy chip! They had a touch of salt that really brought them home. I can't wait to go back and try a few of the different sandwiches.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,8/3/2012,40,103,9,14,11>I've died and gone to favorite-new-restaurant heaven. Here are my favorite things: (1) RESERVATIONS (I'm looking at you Barley Swine), (2) reasonably priced menu, for the quality of the food, and (3) excellent cocktail menu. Made reservations for a double date the day of, and we were seated immediately upon arrival. The tall, half booths are really comfortable, and probably attributed to the fact that we stayed for three hours. The cocktail menu had lots of fancy cocktails that everyone else loved, but I stuck to the wine. There are lots of good options for under $10, a major plus in my book. The food was excellent. We split the daily fish (grouper with a pineapple salsa), and it was to-die-for.  And then, we tried all of the desserts. Oh. My. Word. The banana's foster? Oh goodness. Butterscotch Boudino? Yeah, that happened. I may need an extra run this week to work it all of, but it was worth it. In any other review, I'd have raved about how cute the interior was first -- it's perfect -- but it was overshadowed by the food! I suppose that's how it should be! You need to go to Salty Sow. Right Now. Seriously.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,8/2/2012,214,72,17,17,17>How do you say, "P. Terry's" in Spanish? "El Tacorrido."Substitute buns for tortilla shells and mayonnaise for salsa verde, and you've got P. Terry's brother from a Hispanic mother.At El Tacorrido Sur (South), the food quality is excellent, the prices are economical and the branding was clearly done by an expert. My only carne (beef) with this location is the additional twenty-five cents tacked onto every taco (compared to the other locations). But even with the inexplicable price hike, El Tacorrido remains cheaper than every tacquería on South 1st, aside from La Mexicana.To continue my P.Terry's parallel, I'll direct your attention to El Tacorrido's uncomplicated menu:Step 1: Pick a tortilla style (Tacos, Tortas, Gorditas, Quesadillas)Step 2: Pick 1 of 10 fillings (Yes, 10 makes it sound harder than I led you to believe, but the descriptions are gringo proof.)Step 3: Choose a salsa (And by "choose," I mean get the verde.)BAM! You're done, unless you want to complicate things? In which case, you can also order a salad or Ricky Martin. Ooops! My mistake. Apparently, "Menudo" is a traditional tripe stew that's only served on weekends.But that's not all, folks. They also have one of the most surprisingly delicious fast-food desserts I've ever tasted; a homemade ice cream sandwich. Although there's only one flavor, you can't go wrong with a massive scoop of vanilla ice cream packed between chocolate chip cookies. The Lady and I enjoyed ours on-site beneath the charmingly-strewn Christmas lights (or whatever you choose to call strands of tiny white bulbs). Although the seating section is small and somewhat difficult to reach between their dueling drive-thrus, it's furnished with REAL wooden stools and sheets of tastefully-distressed metal you'd expect to see at a Zocalo or something. One final thing worth dedicating a new paragraph to is their all-day breakfast taco and coffee menu. For me, breakfast taco cheese doesn't get any better than El Tacorrido's. It's that delectable white queso that completely melts before you unravel your foil. Although the other two of my three ingredients are a coin toss, the cheese will always hold a special place in my heart (literally and metaphorically). As far as the beverages are concerned, El Tacorrido has an espresso machine and they aren't afraid to use it. It wasn't until studying the menu to write this review that I realized they have a drink called El Equinox, which is a glass of iced horchata with a shot of espresso. You can bet your sombrero I'll be ordering a glass when I go back, which will probably be faster than I can mispronounce, "nopales."
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,8/1/2012,82,178,4,16,10>It's difficult to stack enough superlatives to express how much I enjoyed this restaurant. My first experience with farm-to-table cuisine was at Chez Panisse, the global headquarters of the entire concept. This is as close as Austin has come to reaching those heights.When you first enter, you are immediately greeted by the warm smell of the sea and a beautiful, muted decor. This restaurant is small, and manages to remain cozy throughout the evening without feeling crowded or too loud.They offer a $35 prix-fixe menu of three courses, to which you can add courses for $10 each. Wife and I decided to take all three of the "Sea" and "Land" offerings that evening. All six were wonderful dishes. Some highlights:- The oyster, shrimp & chicken stew had a beautifully clean broth, and the oyster was just dipped into the broth so that it remained mostly raw.- The fish curry was a refreshing departure from the norm, while maintaining a flavor profile that clearly reminds you of Thai cuisine.- The agrodolce chicken was luscious and moist, served in the Asian lettuce wrap style and accented with pickled garlic.- The pork stir fry, a new dish and one of the staff favorites, was layered with so many flavors and textures that I felt the need to grow more tastebuds to fully take it all in.We also enjoyed the poteet strawberry pie; it was just a nice, nice dessert.Additional points for stellar service and a really creative table salt that is a house recipe featuring "herbes de Texas."
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,7/31/2012,112,77,8,10,11>Admittedly, I'm being a wee bit generous because Eleven Plates is conveniently located for me.  Also, while the current state of happy hour there is probably a 3*, there is truly promise for it to be a 4* once the kinks of being a new business are worked out.  To start with, the happy hours listed on their door do not include the addition of Sunday happy hour that is found on the website.  Wouldn't you know it...I went on a Sunday so I was a wee bit concerned (as much as one can be for such a minor issue) that I was misinformed.  We were pleasantly surprised to find a nearly empty place, because the noise level at dinner here a few weeks ago was quite high--they really need to install noise dampeners.  However, it was now around 4 on Sunday and we found only  a couple seated at the bar and a group of business folks  seated in the far dining area.  We headed for the bar since that's where HH prices are in effect but it was a little painful to watch the barkeep have to contort his body to move to and from the bar area as he had to do so within the confines of a too-small waist-high space that held a trash can within it.  A little tacky...the ergonomics need to be reconsidered. Immediately, I confirmed with the barkeep that HH was on...he had to confer with ? because he was new on the job.  He gave us regular menus but soon the host presented us with HH menus when we asked what the HH special was, exactly.  Oh, that helps.  We placed our order for Moscow Mules which were tasty.  The HH is  $5 on "select" small plates. We ordered the roasted cauliflower soup,  fish tacos, sauteed mussels, and chicken salad sliders.  --I've never had cauliflower soup before and I detest the taste of cauliflower, but I relented to all the reviews about how great this stuff tastes and ordered it.  It was incredible---much like the consistency of butternut squash soup, and had crumbles of roquefort cheese floating in it.  So wrong, but so right. Great complimentary flavor. --sauteed mussels.  My husband orders these any time he sees them on a menu and rates these highly.  The white wine, lemon, tomato, and basil make them savory. --the fish tacos (2) were served on doubled up fluffy tortilla wraps, yum.  The pico was fresh and tasty too.  Very filling. --The chicken salad sliders were made with what I would describe as gourmet chicken salad. I detected tarragon, nuts, and cranberries.  Also very filling. 4 plates, 3 drinks total..@ $5 each = $35, but the bill presented was higher. When brought to his attention, the barkeep fixed the error saying that they use a computer system that is unlike any he's used at other restaurants before.  Again, a minor glitch that didn't affect us at all, but I can imagine that on a busy night it might have been a minor irritation to a different diner.  We'll be back, for sure!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,7/30/2012,111,114,7,13,10>Just a stone's throw from the office, Hot Mama's is the unanimous lunch spot for all the office...it doesn't even have to be discussed.  It just is.From my very first Oatmeal Cranberry cookie to the last Bacon Alma Panini I had, Hot Mama's has been stellar.  I have a few favorites but they're such favorites I've been reluctant to try other things.  The La India Panini remains victorious.  Curried chicken with cheese and chopped apples complete with chips and delicious salsa.  I usually go for a Lavender Lemonade and I never regret that decision.The staff deserve their own separate paragraph in this little review.  They are awesome.  Friendly, inviting and genuine - truly genuine.  They always have a moment to ask you how you're doing or check in on you.The patio spins in its very own orbit.  It is bliss sitting outside with a book or some work (a little coworker and I are very guilty of taking half-days to sit outside and work at Hot Mama's).  Plenty of tables, a great, old tree to sit beneath and pleasing landscaping to make you feel as though you're not dining next to the road.They definitely have this mama hooked.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,7/29/2012,132,354,11,12,11>I have now had my hair cut by both Tiffany (now $60) and Laura ($45), and I love them both.   They're super easy to talk to, down to earth, even when I had a slight freakout about my last haircut -- they laid out my options and let me pick.They seem to be super punctual and my hair has definitely been in better shape since they gave me all kinds of great advice -- and I even got one of the straighteners that they use (croc) and my hair at least resembles the awesome look they gave me at the salon (disclaimer: I am TERRIBLE at being a girl and suck at hair and makeup stuff.)  They don't recommend the most expensive products/tools, they recommend the most reasonable, and are very knowledgeable. Their online booking is super easy, and their new location is in the tiny shopping complex right across the street from hobby lobby/bingo parking lot.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,7/28/2012,155,309,11,14,14>Classic honky tonk, Austin, Texas style.Hang out with your family on a Saturday night, drink a few beers, tell a few lies and enjoy the people watching. Maybe dance a few songs to Alvin Crow's fiddle picking.  If you are not careful, you might wake up the next morning feeling like you broke YOUR spoke. Ow!Remind yourself on Tuesday to bring new-to-Austin co-workers here and get some chicken-fried-steak with green gravy - and just watch their reactions.  Those expressions will be another classic!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,7/27/2012,86,45,13,11,10>Woof! Nice dog, good dog!Howl: Tangy kraut, kickin' mustard!GRRR: Soggy bun bluesI had just enough time to grab something to-go for lunch. Been meaning to try MBD, and it was on the way. So in I pop.I went in knowing what I wanted: hot dog with sauerkraut & mustard. When trying a new place that serves up creative takes on an old standard, I like to start with something basic before testing out their more exotic offerings. With pizza joints, it's all about how well can they execute a basic cheese & tomato pie.  The Beer Brat, while technically not a hot dog, looked like it would fill the bill.The space is small but inviting. It wasn't very busy at 1:00, and there was no line. Ten minutes later, they handed me my order. It only took me about five minutes to get back to my home office and dig in.True, the dogs aren't cheap. The Beer Brat was $4.79. But it was plenty big enough for lunch, and a good lunch under five bucks is a deal. The brat itself was good, not great. Despite being cooked in beer, it didn't pack the flavor punch I was expecting. The kraut and spicy mustard, however, were spot on. I'm a sucker for good sauerkraut, and this tasted fresh and homemade. The mustard had just enough bite.And the bun? Well, it unexpectedly had a double edge: On one side, it was clearly freshly baked, and was soft on the inside with just the right amount of crust on the outside.  There in was the problem: it was just a bit too soft. In fact, it end up a soggy mess in the short while it took me to get home. It's also a bit on the large side. Now, I am sure there are many out there who like their buns big. Maybe they never met one that was too big.  But I like a bit more balance between bun and meat. It's all about the fit, baby.I'll definitely go back to try some of their other interesting offerings, such as The Abe Froman, which sounds awesome. And they have a nice selection of beers. Next time will be when I'm not so pressed for time and can dine-in.  That will let me get my mouth around a dog before it's big bun malfunctions.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,7/26/2012,67,104,5,10,11>I never write about asian cuisine because when it comes to asian cuisine - i have an inexperienced pallate. To me - panda express's orange chicken is the bees knees. Sorry, I can't help my American pallate. Don't let my poor American pallate keep you away from this little gem. It's seriously good and way affordable. The staff is friendly and they take your Go Local card. Just do it.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,7/25/2012,421,256,18,17,17>Browsing through featured businesses under 'Hot on Yelp', I find I've been away from the Street Team Scene for some time. Remember when Odd Duck to Farm and Gordough's were the new kiddos on the block and the newest thing to hit the Rainey St. bar scene was Day of the Dead 2009? Yeah? 'Cos that was the last time I was there. Like I said, it's been a while.Things going for Icenhauer's:- very good a/c. I see no misters outside yet, but you can dream- big, flat, simple! Simplicity is key- seamless floors, ceilings- lots of dark wood, green glass, white stone, beauty - lighting: dark but not too dark- AMPLE bench seating bordering the side rooms- comfy but not battered furniture- I can hear you talk to me- you can hear me talk to you, for the most part- large back patio- Skittle infused vodka. I think this is also Dragonberry but no evidence yet- very reasonable drink specials- Apples to Apples Party Pack. Shouldn't there be a Waterproof Pack?- *very few* flat screens. Seriously Bar Owners of Austin: we don't need to be distracted from our living, breathing, in-person conversations any more. And thank you for carrying *interactive* Jenga, checkers, Connect Four and Battleship among others. No really, I don't think you understand: thank you. - friendly, chatty bartenders who are happy to share the place's wifi password if you so badly need to disprove a companion's claim- Your Mom's Burgers delivers! Uncertain on the delivery fee/wait time though. I imagine it's easier to walk next door and grab Indian/African/tacos- Sexiness, all over.That is all.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,7/24/2012,73,175,6,11,8>With the dearth of restaurant options in this part of town, I'm always hopeful when a new place comes around that it'll be good enough to become a regular hang out.  I walked into Tootie Pie with my wife and son not knowing what to expect.  It has a very laid back atmosphere, just few tables at the front and a counter to place orders at.  With a rambunctious 2-year old in tow, these are good qualities in a restaurant.The panini that I ordered was the Black Forest ham and pepperoni with cheddar cheese and mayo.  It was loaded with meat, red peppers, tomatoes and perfectly melted cheese.  The bread was soft with a tiny bit crispness and overall the sandwich was excellent.  The panini also came with a generous side salad to even out the health quotient of the meal.Of course, that same health quotient would have no choice but to take a dramatic nose-dive.  I mean, this is a place that takes pride in their pies - do you really have a choice not to try a slice?  I went with their apple and it was a hot heaping slice of delicious richness - see picture.  Nice buttery crust to balance out the sweetness of the gooey filling.  A tall glass of whole milk would have been the perfect accompaniment to it.  Maybe next time, I'll have to get it a la mode.My son was in a particularly adventurous mood, and not in the culinary sense.  He was more interested in climbing all over us and forcing us to take turns eating our entrees.  But the staff there was super nice and even gave him a "toy" to play with - some bubble wrap packaging - that turned out to be the perfect distraction that allowed us to enjoy our wonderful desserts.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/23/2012,151,285,5,12,6>Wanted to wait until I had been here several times to write a fair review of Olive and June.   They have steadily improved since the soft opening.They've done a lovely job in converting El Arbol into something that works better as a restaurant.   El Arbol clearly chewed off more than they could handle and their quality suffered  - Olive and June has closed the third floor and made the second story patio apps & small plates only.   In theory, this limits the stress on the kitchen and improves the food quality.   I'd say that it seems to be working.   They have also improved upon the over the top decor and the atmosphere has become much more inviting.   I thought El Arbol felt kinda like the set of a 1960s porn shoot or your creepy uncle's bachelor pad in LA.During the soft opening, everything on the menu was so salty that it was barely edible.   Feedback was provided and changes have definitely been made.   On my most recent visit, everything tried was perfectly seasoned.   Pastas were cooked perfectly al dente and sauces were tasty and not overbearing.   The carbonara is the best I've had in Austin.   Small plates are small, but definitely should be tried - especially the farm egg, which is amazing.   I've yet to make it to the entrees portion  of the menu, which never seems to strike me as stuff I would want to order.   Your best bet here is probably to split a variety of pastas and small plates.Nice wine list and a variety of specialty cocktails and draft beers.    One of the best patios in Austin.They need to improve on their reservation accuracy - we recently had a 9PM slot for 2 and weren't seated until close to 10.   Pretty ridiculous.   They also seem to be on a 2+ hour wait on any given night, so call ahead.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/22/2012,133,177,6,9,7>Call the sitter, we're going back to Drink.Well! We took advantage of a kidless night for some early bar visiting. Drink.Well was a nice escape from my normal parenting escapades. I had the drink special, the Pearl Snap Shandy. I wasn't sure what to expect since the base of the drink was Austin Beerworks Pearl Snap but I am always won over by grapefruit and this drink had it in there twice over. It was unexpectedly yummy. Hubs had the Dead Man's Party and the Vieux Carre - both were delicious although I think the Vieux Carre was the winner if the two had a duel for taste. We ate the charred brussel sprouts, and while they weren't Uchiko's brussel sprouts, they were dang tasty. Bacon makes everything better. Crack and cheese was next and perfectly creamy, cheesy, with crunches of duck bacon and cracklins. So good. We *may* have had a fight over who got the last bite. And then we split the kobe burger. It was a solid burger. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other cocktails and tasty bites.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,7/21/2012,232,273,8,10,9>I've only ever eaten here for the lunch buffet and absolutely love it! For $10 you can gorge yourself on numerous delicious Indian cuisines until you burst. The food is so delicious that you just can't help but want to over indulge no matter how much of a food coma you'll be in once you return to the office. There is no way I'm going to even attempt to type out the names of the large food selection. Just know that the price is worth what you are getting which also includes a nice little dessert bar. BTW, the only two items I am not a fan of which is my personal opinion is the lamb balls and veggie fritters. Nevertheless, I have 30 other items I can choose from which seem to satisfy me just fine as I roll out of the restaurant in a euphoric mood of comfort. The buffet is $10 and does not include a drink, just so you know. Happy dining.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/20/2012,130,169,9,11,10>Barley Swine is one of my favorite "fine-dining" restaurants in Austin. I really admire that Austin restaurants allow you to forego dressing up, painting your face, and throwing on your most expensive pair of heels to enjoy a delightful meal that could potentially cost the same as your whole ensemble. Barley Swine creates a comfortable ambiance with community seating in a dining area that is so cozy it would have difficulty accommodating even 50 people. (Note:  They don't take reservations so plan ahead. Also, I wouldn't recommend large parties, couples work best.) They focus on small plates, aesthetic presentation, and impeccable service. The timing of all our dishes was flawless and our silverware was changed between every dish. My dining partner and I consumed every mouthful with relish and great appreciation for the art that was being prepared in the kitchen just behind the bar. We ordered 5 dishes in total, my favorite being their fried shrimp, mango, and pork belly dish (a specialty item on the menu for that day), though everything we ordered was remarkable. I only wish I had room for dessert. Highly recommended!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/19/2012,461,645,8,29,21>The Red Room lounge reminds me of DiSotto Enoteca in Chicago.  This underground wine bar has a similar feel with an added bonus - instead of a bartender and waitresses you have an experienced sommelier that knows all things wine. One wall is lined with wines hand picked by Bill Esley. There are several comfortable couches, chairs, unique bar stools and 1/2 barrel tables.  Equally unique is the wine selection. There were only a few bottles I recognized which makes for an interesting experience. The room is decorated with oddities to include a harem like painting, signed guitars and a statue guarding the ladies room. Wine is available by the glass ranging from $7-$17. If you are sticking around for more than one glass (which I suggest doing so) it is economical to opt for a bottle. If you don't finish the bottle you can cork it and take it to go (I think legally you are required to have it in your trunk when driving). Bill was a gracious host and made some great recommendations based on our taste. Two of the wines I walked out with were Dievole La Vendemmia Chianti Classico 2009 and the Domaine Philippe & Vincent Jaboulet 2006 Crozes-Hermitage Nouvelere.There is no secret knock required but the place has a bit of mystique by design.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/18/2012,108,203,7,7,7>I've been holding off on writing my review for Tiff's Treats hoping that they will somehow screw up an order so I wouldn't have to give them 5 stars. But no. Not once ever have they effed up. Every bite is better than the next. That's so annoying. Their delivery system is awesome! Everything arrives hot, and I mean like out of the damn oven HOT! Wtf, how do you guys do it? Does your van have a built in oven that doesn't start baking until your en route to your destination???? Tell me your secret, I must know!The brownies are the gooey and fudgey kind. When you bite into it you can't help but get globs of chocolate all over your mouth, or in my case, on my nose. The cookies have a perfect chocolate chip to dough ratio. They're ubber soft and chewy. They last about 2 days (not refrigerated) before hardening. I've been desperately searching to find flaws with this establishment, but I just can't. I give up Tiff, you win. I've easily consumed 512,946 calories of your sinful treats, you suck.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,7/17/2012,235,240,10,9,9>"Hey, let's go to Cake Ball for lunch""Um, you want to have cake balls for lunch? Ok, but...""No, they serve like sandwiches and stuff there, too. They also have this salad where the chicken is dipped in red velvet batter and then fried"."Sold. Ready to go now?""Yep. You?""Yep.""NOM"
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,7/16/2012,315,273,9,15,18>Today is the one year anniversary of me being rescued by a cat.  I turned to APA to get a kitty to calm my remaining kitty Zoe who lost her buddies back to back a couple months prior.  She was not the same and since she had never been alone in her life, I figured a new kitty would do the trick.Enter MimiNoir.  This little ball of love turned out actually to be for me (who knew).  I ended up losing Zoe this past Labor Day weekend, and would have been beside myself were it not for MimiNoir.It continues to amaze me what the unconditional love of an animal can do for us.  I plan to get more involved with APA and give back and try to help these fuzzy givers-of-love find wonderful homes.Thank you, APA for all you do, and thank you, MimiNoir, for all you continue to do for me.  I love you.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,7/15/2012,154,152,8,15,11>My first visit to Cafe Malta was superb. We came for a late dinner and were greeted immediately by a friendly waiter. The feel of the place when you walk in is understated elegance. Not so fancy that you couldn't walk in with jeans (which I did) but there is something about it that tells you its a little more than casual. OK lets get to the food. We started with the special appetizer of a crostini with arugula pesto, Federicksburg sausage and topped with melted Brie. This was delicious, my only complaint is that there were three and not four, this caused me and my man to do the "you have it..... no you have it". *I got it... haha!  For the main I course chose the pork shoulder on top of cous cous with brocollini. This was excellent. I am not sure what kind of sauce the chef put on top of of the pork but it was divine, savory and a little smoky sweet. I highly recommend this dish. Ramsey D got the Maltese chicken, I had to try it and it was also very yummy, the chicken was rubbed with herbs and so moist you could cut it with a fork. Both portions were very generous and reasonably priced.I also have to highlight our waiter, he was very helpful, courteous and gave suggestions for us as first timers at Cafe Malta. He also let us know that they use all local ingredients and their menu changes weekly. Like I needed another reason to eat here constantly! A lovely atmosphere with food to match, that on top of this place being south will be bringing me back frequently.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/14/2012,4221,482,10,22,14>It was the Case of the Mondays.  I took the day off from work to run a few errands in town, and it soon evolved into a Groupon Now Day with Backroads Austin being one of them I opted to try out.   It's been a while since I've had a burger, the reviews were favorable, so I stopped in at around 2ish to find one customer here and the staff just finishing their set-up.  The location is challenged, it's right behind the Clarion Hotel off I-35 and Oltorf, and they are connected to each other but not related (kind of like Step Brothers, I guess).  I sat at the bar and a nice bartender named Nicole (aka "Sweet Blonde Green-Eyed Bartender = SBGB) promptly got me a water and a menu.  Bonus #1:  they have wi-fi here!  Aww yeah, lemme go back out and get my laptop.  It's typical bar food, they don't serve entrees until 4pm.  Since I'm a Backroads Virgin I was quite fickle today, but Nicole came to the rescue.  SBGB was patient, very nice and informative as she went over the menu and let me know her favorites:  Loaded Fries (fresh cut fries + cheese + bacon + sour cream + chives + fresh jalapenos), the queso, and the burgers.  That's a lot but maybe I can get a little of each - - so we compromised:  add queso to the burger w/ bacon, it comes w/ a side of sweet potato fries for $0.99, let's go for the Loaded Fries.  Better get me a to-go box with that. Food came out piping hot and in a jiffy.  I just love it when an employee's recommendations are accurate and spot-on.  Nicole was right - the Loaded Fries were awesome, some of the best I've had, the fries are fresh cut and the jalapenos too, none of that canned wet stuff.  My burger was slightly overcooked but the queso added on was a winning touch.  And the sweet potato waffle fries rocked!  I had plenty of leftovers. They have bottomless Mimosas on Sundays till 4pm for $7 - - WTF?  My receipt said "all-u-can-eat catfish for $9.99 on Fridays", and Nicole confirmed that every customer has left happy and full of fried catfish, no lawsuits or picket lines as a result of running out of fish. I'd have to chalk this experience up as one of those pleasant surprises, something I thought could be average or above but turned our spectacular w/ the tasty Loaded Fries, decent burger w/ good queso, awesome sweet potato waffle fries, a discounted bill, and excellent friendly service by none other than a Sweet Green-Eyed Blonde Bartender.  I'd say 4.5 stars, which rounds up to a 5 in my book.  I'll definitely have to find my way back to this place.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,7/13/2012,739,709,33,32,25>Don't you just love all those vegetarian reviews of barbque/steak restaurants?  "Oh My Gah!  They put BACON in their beans!!"  "What, all you've got vegan at the Salt Lick is the pickles??"  "You put (gasp) COW'S MILK in the mashed potatoes???"  "If I could give zero stars I would for this atrocity!"Well, here's a meatatarian reviewing a vegan restaurant, and while I won't be giving up my Carnivore Card yet, it was definitely a pleasant, educational meal.  I picked this spot because my friend, Tonya P, is a vegetarian and also new to Austin.  I thought she might love it, and sure nough she did (she gave it 5 stars).  But as she wisely told me, she's used to this kind of food and I'm not.  For me, there were definitely some hits and misses.  The misses being the cabbage and mushroom soup and the blandness of some of the food (I realize I'm salt-addicted but it would be nice to have access to it).  The hits?  Lentils and fresh greens and brown rice with some kind of pestoey sauce.  The ambiance.  The freshness of the food.  The smile on my friend's face.  The healthy energetic feeling I had after having a good workout followed by this good for me food.  Yeah, I felt just a little bit superior and snooty and that was priceless.So yeah 3 stars for the food, the fourth star for the ambiance and good feelings, and they'll get that damn 5th start when they start servin me up some pork!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,7/12/2012,611,369,5,10,7>After years of frequenting bars near this business, I finally went. The choices were healthier than expected, prices lower than I thought, and service was overall pretty decent. I had the "sprung rolls" for about $5, and found them to be overstuffed with delicious vegetables. I also dunked them into Sriracha against their advice, but would gladly do it all over again (because I like the spicy).  If you're wandering around the east side, and hoping to find something in a truck that wasn't deep-fried, go here.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/11/2012,185,122,11,12,11>Oh Azul Tequila. You do drive my blues away. This is probably my favourite mexican restaurant in town now. The food. The service. The price. Everything is amazing.Food - Veggie Enchiladas. Mushrooms. Spinach. The cream sauce once, then chipotle sauce, the second time around. So flavorful. Mouth exploded with but my stomach didn't. The black beans are cooked and seasoned perfectly. The rice is sinfully delicious. Very simple, but frakking delicious. Oh wait I forgot to add. The best chips and salsa in Austin, I've had so far. They keep giving you more, and you keep eating. Probably laced with crack.I am Mihir, and I'm addicted to the Azul Tequila chips and salsa.Now service - Always had a full glass of water. Which in this heat is very much appreciated. Always smiling and ready to help out with anything.The price - For $9.00 I ate 2 enchiladas, black beans, and rice and at least 3 bowls of chips and salsa, with a colleague. I have left overs, which will be dinner tonight. So 2 meals for $9.00. That's a bargain for what you're getting.They have a patio, which I have to try yet. Maybe dinner. And the drinks. I have only been here for lunch, so haven't tasted any of their drinks. Sooooo,...dinner definitely.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/10/2012,431,381,20,9,18>There once was a smart man named Marcos.With bars, no one else can come close.So delicious the food,And cheap prices, to boot.You'll soon need a serious dose.There once was a bar named Bender.It ain't no half-assed pretender.Take your girl here,And buy her some beers.You'll be cool, but not a big spender.There once was a Yelper named CatherineWho limericked time and again.But, the flood tideOf limericks subsides;The ink has run clear of her pen.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,7/9/2012,184,184,18,15,17>Uhm, YES.  I love me some old-fashioned cocktails.  The menu has a whole explanation of the ridiculous ice maker they have (a Clinebell), and all of the drinks are sorted in the menu by the type of icecubes they use.  It's absurdly specialized in a way that appeals to my sense of excess and novelty.  A drink from the "On the Rock" section prompted one drinking companion to exclaim "they said this drink was UNSINKABLE!"All of the drinks are $10, cash-only as others have mentioned.  It did take a little while to get a drink.  My guess is that they're actually hand-carving your ice when you order, but I never went inside and watched a bartender so I can't say for sure.  The drinks were pretty well-received at my table.  The only complaint came from my beau, who said his Suffering Bastard and Penicillin were both a little too sweet for  his tastes.  (Then again, he likes his drinks like he likes his women: bitter, punchy, and made of burning.)  I only visited the back patio this time, which was adorable with great lighting.  It's a nice place for a medium-sized group.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/8/2012,184,302,7,13,11>Yes, I welcome this addition to the hinterlands of far north Austin.I like Cover 3, but its just far enough away to not be a destination.  Oh, we'll go to Cover 3 if we are in the Anderson Lane area, but not necessarily drive down there just to eat.This new incarnation is a scant three miles from our home.  We could ride our bikes there, it's closer than the high school which our kids attended.The menu is much the same as Cover 3, which is a good thing.  Good hearty salads, satisfying burgers, enough entrees to keep it interesting.  Tonight I had the sausage and pancetta flatbread, and it was friggin delicious.  Veek had her usual Allandale salad, which is generously topped with their Brick Chicken, delightfully moist and flavorful on a bed of spinach, bacon, dates, red onions and more.The thing which sealed the deal for me was Cover 2's draught beer selection.  I think there were at least 25 taps, with several interesting and many reliable selections.  I am on an Independence Brewery kick lately, so I opted for a Stash IPA, but there were plenty of selections to tempt.Let's recap:- very close to our home- good beer selection- good food, reasonably-pricedYeah, I think Cover 2 is going to see a lot of me....
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,7/7/2012,201,104,11,19,12>If I could give them 14 stars I would. Why? Because A) 14 is my favorite number and B) They rocked my socks off. Now, I've been known to get a little excited about places (Ahem...Spartan Pizza and Franklin's Barbecue) - and this only adds to my list of awesomeness. I had a bridesmaid dress that was ridiculously large on me....at least 2 sizes too big and about a foot too long. I took it in, tried it on, and as soon as the tailor came in, I just whined and said "Fix it, pretty please?!" He chuckled and got to work.I went back in for my final fitting a couple weeks later and the dress is PERFECT. And it wasn't something simple. We're talking delicate fabric, tons of pickups, and an added bustle. He showed that dress who was boss. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,7/6/2012,239,180,10,14,10>WOW.  Leave it to some fashion plate Japanese to put a new coat o lipstick on a former piece of junk and call it amazeballs with sexy food to boot.  My lunch was simple, but perfect.  A fried porkchop, some fried chicken, a delicate salad, a sauce I wanted to take a bath in, and a dynamite roll featuring some sort of crunchiness and fishes and avocado.  And genmaicha tea.  Who the hell has THAT on the menu?  Kome, my friend.  That's who.  All of it served up by a handsome man.  Seriously I am aesthetically sensitive and the scenery here, all of it, was totally acceptable.  I bet there's even enough things on the menu besides sushi to get my weird-food-a-phobic mama in there.  Dear lord, though.  Panko-encrusted fried chicken.  And pork chops.  Is there anything else in this world I like more?  Oh wait, yes.  All of it for a price far, far below my first born.  Kome is a keeper.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,7/5/2012,32,67,7,10,6>So I'm a little torn about Violet Crown, but after some serious consideration, the good far outweighs the bad. The theaters are awesome. They're clean, spacious, super comfortable, provide LOTS of leg room, and I'm sure there is no bad seat in the house. However, if you're in one of the theaters toward the front door, you can hear a lot of what is going on in the waiting area. Like, right in the middle of a steamy sex scene, the guy working the front door notified those waiting for the 6:30 showing of Melancholia that they were now seating. That's awesome, and all, but I'm watching a movie, not waiting at the Southwest terminal.The beers and lounge food all seem reasonably priced, but if you want a soft drink or typical movie junk food, it's kind of ridiculous. My boyfriend got a pint of Circle brewing something-or-other for $5; I got a bottle of Maine Root Ginger Beer for $4. Paying $4 for Ginger Beer wasn't my favorite moment, I gotta say. I'm pretty sure Topo Chico was $3 a bottle and y'all, you can get a 12 pack of Topo Chico from Central Market for $6. Candy, popcorn, and other movie theater goods is as highly priced as you would find at any theater. I guess what strikes me as so strange is that the lounge food is priced so reasonably.What I do love is the ability to reserve seats ahead of time. For me, it makes the whole movie-going experience more seamless and less stressful. I think Violet Crown wants your visit to their theater to be an event, and to me, they've achieved that. And hey -- I can appreciate their movie usher has a good, loud, announcer voice, but take it down a few notches, eh?
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,7/4/2012,64,109,9,6,6>After having already filled up my "customer loyalty" card and gotten my free pie, I feel it's time to give Cutie Pies its due.Funny story: The first two times I came to Cutie Pies it was closed...and Errol M.'s car tried to commit suicide each time. Try 1: Errol hits a curb. His tire is blown. We wait for 1 hour in his air conditioned car for AAA.Try 2: Errol arrives in the parking lot. Turns off the car. Turns it back on. And the battery is dead. Second call to AAA for them to replace his battery ensues.By that point we're pretty sure I'm a jinx and that I'm to never accompany him to Cutie Pies ever, ever again. I'm so glad we gave it a third try because Cutie Pies is scrumptious!I've had the buttermilk pie, key lime pie, pecan pie, 3 berry pie, and MASSIVE chocolate chip cookie. The mini pies are $4 each and the ridonkuloulsly massive cookies are $2 each. Each pie is yummy and worth whatever hundreds of calories and pounds of sugar I'm eating. The owner is the sweetest woman of all time and really knows her way around an oven ;) Also, she makes Fruity Pebbles treats: Rice Crispy treats with Fruity Pebbles. Yeah. I said it. That's going down my throat one day soon!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,7/3/2012,74,79,8,12,9>I like drinking. I like drinking in cool bars. Ergo, I like drinking in Crowbar. I'm really liking Crow Bar. I've been there a few times now and it's never been anything but cool. It is the absolutely perfect place to wait out the parking lot that is South Congress/290 West at rush hour. Plus they have a pretty good parking lot off Congress on their side street. It's also great for an evening with friends, or a sanity break from a hectic day. Belle, the bartender, knows her business. Friendly, professional, and makes some heel clicking good specialty drinks, like her eponymously named 'Southern Belle'. ML loves this drink and has it every time we go. I'm a whiskey man, and was initially disappointed to find out they don't have Knob Creek, which costs them a star, but they have a good selection to keep me occupied, along with a very good selection of tap/bottled/canned beers too, from Lone star to Stella. Many others too, of course, but I verified those personally. Drink specials on many of the days of the week as well. There is a table card that specifies them but of course I've forgotten all that info now. And it's got a cool vibe. Comfortable and laid back without being fake dive-y. Lots of original Crowbar artwork on the walls that make you want a T shirt, and a good jukebox. A TV for those that need it, but not so many as to draw your eye away from your group. Lights just dim enough to take the shame out of early afternoon heavy drinking.  A pool table in the front, and a really nice dog friendly patio street side where you can laugh at the looks of impotent rage on the faces of the frustrated motorists stuck in traffic as you relax with a cold one and a friend while the spring breeze brings the mellow. And as the topper, a new barbecue trailer has opened up next to Crowbar and with some shadowy 'relationship' to them that serves BBQ chicken, pork and brisket sandwiches and some sides. $5-6 per if memory serves. Three of us showed up a couple weeks ago and decided to try one of each to get the lowdown. The chicken wasn't ready so we got two pork sandwiches and one brisket. The pulled pork was really good. Served on a basic bun, but oven hot and with a nice BBQ sauce tang that didn't overwhelm the meat. But the Brisket was the clear winner. Some of the best brisket I've had in Austin!! I mean it was just plain Dandy! ML gave me a bite, which was very gracious of her. I tried to take another bite but nobody foodburgles her. One caveat however, they are serious about valid ID and won't let you in, regardless of your age, beauty or charm, without it. Don't ask Kimberly about it.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,7/2/2012,465,228,5,10,12>As someone who's seen my favorite supper club grow up over the past few years I'm almost hesitant to write a review of my little hidden gem.  The atmosphere of the Swoop House is just great, and at times it feels like the perfect location for just about anything from dinner, to mixology classes, wedding receptions, and more. For those of you who haven't had the pleasure of attending let me break it down for you.  It begins in the early evening with cocktails and appetizers, usually something amazing that I would likely be unwilling to try elsewhere.  As its BYOB you can also bring your own beer, wine, champagne, etc and start chilling it.  After lounging with the guests and making new friends you are then seated and the adventure begins. The entire show is led by Stephen Shallcross and his crew of chef's, servers, and food artistes.  Before the each course the chef comes around and explains the food, what to look and taste for and usually an amazing fact about its origins.  Depending on the menu it can range from 5 to 7 courses and they offer both Meaty and Vegetarian offerings.  I almost always find myself getting full just short of the main course so I often try to pace myself in the beginning no matter how hungry I am.  Now while the food is to die for the people are really the most fun part of Supper Friends.  Not a single time have I gone and not met someone interesting, or laughed for hours with friends old and new.  I've taken business clients, friends, family and all have been amazed at this little secret I had and why I hadn't mentioned it to them sooner.  In my heart of hearts this will always remain my favorite place to have a meal and now I'm just ready to share it with more of my future Supper Friends.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/1/2012,699,1000,8,16,11>Uchi is of course one the greatest restaurants in Austin though I will say it has some fierce competition from its newer sister location Uchiko.The quality of the food at Uchi is on par with Uchiko but if I had to pick I would say Uchiko is better.  Mainly because Uchiko has easier parking and is a bigger restaurant--the menus at both have some overlap though they can still be described as distinctly different.The best course of action if you don't mind dropping a couple hundred dollars is to let the waitstaff order for you.  I've done this with out of town guests after giving them fair warning of cost.  This way you can try a sampling of all the different things on the menu such as the "cool" dishes, "hot" dishes, and rolls.  But PS:  you don't come here to eat sushi rolls.  Save that for the plethora of other sushi places in Austin.  You come here to experience Japanese cuisine.  Keep in mind it is sort of like tapas style meaning your mouth will get a tiny explosion of taste while your belly wants more and your wallet bleeds money.  Yeah, that kind of a place.If looking to save $$ your best bet is to come during the sake social hour from 5-6:30, seven days a week.  Here you will get a menu that has smaller portions of some of their most popular dishes at affordable prices.  The best thing on the sake social hour menu is the machi cure.  This dish is made with smoked baby yellowtail, yucca crisp, asian pear, marcona almonds and garlic brittle.  There is nothing you can pick on the menu that will be bad.  Again, let the wait staff be your guide.  They are awesome.  If you come on weekends expect a 2 hour plus wait (the name Uchi does mean "little house" which it is).   Luckily they have a very nice outdoor patio to wait on.  This is a very popular date place and even though it is Austin I would dress up a bit (though you don't have to).  Enjoy!!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,6/30/2012,514,316,2,8,6>Oh what magic amazingness lies behind this door dark, heavy door that I've passed many a drunken night before? Only the glorious cocktail creations of Midnight Cowboy.This place is glorious, I would take millions of photos of it, add it to my pinterest, and have a study in my home that looks just like this. Wait, wait, I'm not here to talk about interior decor, I'm here to talk about cocktails. You're restricted to a set menu, but in no way is that a hinderance on your enjoyment. 3 of the 4 cocktails blew me away, and I would have had many, many more of them had getting home in one piece not been a top priority of mine that night. On the downside, I find the reservation concept a nice idea but drinking two drinks in two hours somewhat difficult, but I'll manage. Theres no option to sit at the bar either, so you can't talk to the bartenders either which is something I really miss. Fantastic drinks but this wouldn't become my regular cocktail spot.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/29/2012,76,280,8,13,12>I remember hearing about Baby Day Tuesdays at Alamo way before I had a baby of my own and my reaction then was probably a note to self for when NOT to go to Alamo. But oh, how times change.. we took our 4 month old to see Bridesmaids last week, and it was so nice to get out and sit in a theater watching a movie and not have to worry about your baby making noise and annoying other patrons. So, so nice. For new parents feeling trapped at home, this option is truly a blessing. Thank you Alamo. Thank you, thank you, thank you!! One note - they say on their website that the lights are turned up a little and the sound is turned down a little, but I couldn't really tell the difference...
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,6/28/2012,171,427,4,8,9>My first encounter with Sugar Mama's was at the Cupcake Smackdown 3.0.  I only got to try one kind, the chocolate, and hubby the strawberry.  It was really good, and he said that was his favorite of all 3 cupcake places we tried that day (I have to agree).  They were so nice, too... I had 4 mini cupcakes (the kiddos were with us) and I was juggling that with purse, money, etc, trying to give it to hubby who wasn't paying attention... then bam!  mini cupcake on the floor...  I went back to get another and was prepared to pay for it but they told me not to worry about it, promptly got me another cupcake, and cleaned up my mess!  How sweet!  I can't wait to try more cuppycakes from Sugar Mama's!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,6/27/2012,127,256,4,13,8>NATY!Had my first taste of the new North Austin Trailer Yard months ago when there was only one food truck and a plan. Now Snarky's has four new trailers to keep it company and on a Wednesday lunch visit things were going gangbusters.The setting may be austere - a concrete slab in a strip center parking lot - but the NATY folks have made great strides to make it welcoming. A covered dining area and several umbrella tables provide much-needed shade. Whimsical animal sculptures add some Austin funk.This is a most awesome addition to Austin's north side. To be sure it's sort of an outpost of Austin's food trailer scene, but its location makes it a five-star winner for this Northie.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,6/26/2012,0,365,4,11,4>Finally!  Downtown Austin has an authentic Thai restauraunt.  With an upscale feel to boot!  They passed my litmus test by having Som Tum on the menu and for having a good Pad Kee Mao!  Service was fast, friendly and efficient.The pepper ratings worried me.  Usually three peppers means not a lot of heat.  But I was pleasantly surprised.  I got three peppers and it was HOT!  In a good way.  My lips got red, my nose ran and my tongue burned.  Just the way I like it!I can't wait to try all of my other favorite Thai dishes here.  I will definitely be back to try those and post my results here.  And by the way, $8 gets you a huge entree and your choice of soup or salad at lunch.  What's keeping you from trying them out?
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,6/25/2012,199,468,7,12,11>The Friday night special was all you can eat Catfish and Cracker Jack Shrimp for 12.95.  It comes with complimentary hush puppy sticks, beans and cole slaw, too.  (Also fries were with our food too.  It was  a LOT of food!) We were craving fried shrimp last Friday so this was the way to go after checking the town for Friday night South Side specials.We almost opted for All U can eat gumbo for 9.99 from a competitor but we ended up here.  Checking out Friday or weekend specials can be a lot of fun so don't ever rule that out unless you are starving, your sugar is dropping, etc....: )So the reason it is called Cracker Jack Shrimp is because that is about what the size of the shrimp are but they tasted very fresh and were little fun fried delights.We had the NICEST waitress ever, her name was Victoria.  I hope success finds her quickly so that she can really shine  like she deserves to.  She was kind, on top of things, and probably a ten on a scale of one to ten for being awesome!If you are ever in the neighborhood, don't forget this place.  They offer daily specials and it's a decent place.  Be careful when parking because it is off the service road so sometimes people whip in a bit too fast when one is trying to park.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,6/24/2012,199,518,4,6,7>I had a craving for pho one day and a person of Vietnamese lineage highly recommended Pho Dan to me. I figure you can go wrong with that recommendation.Ironically I had some when after I went rowing and it was hot outside. I came from exercising in the heat. Last thing I wanted was to have something hot. I guess cravings beat out rational thinking.I sat down at a table and and a couple of minutes later a waitress came. It felt like you had to know what you want right away. I think this is why I gave them only four stars. At the same time I had an idea what I wanted and I had to keep in my mind not to order too much food. I felt ordering everything in the menu since I came out of working out. I ordered a pho that was a chicken broth but had flank steak and shrimp balls. It was the best. They had this coconut water drink where you can eat the coconut meat too. That was delicious. It is one of my favorite drinks of all time. Service is good and quick. The place is clean. Unfortunately they had to have Toddlers & Tiaras or some BS reality show on and that annoyed the heck out of me. I could do without the TV unless there's a football game then that's a different story.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,6/23/2012,120,239,5,11,7>I'm super picky when it comes to people cutting my hair. Sometimes I'd rather just grow it out than run the risk of having some bozo pretend they know what their doing lay their grimey fingers on my locks. Between the gossip and uncomfortable small talk I truly hate going to salons. So..After months of letting my hair become a hot mess and months of Vinita G. telling me how awesome JLS is I decided to let my guard down and go. She sweetly gave up her appointment with Abel so that I could get the FULL experience of awesomeness.Abel...is truly one of the best at this craft. Before my cut my hair was super long, straight, flat and silky. I decided to chop it to shoulder length. He gave me an amazing cut and created soft body and full movement throughout. He also told me it would grow out beautifully..2 months after the fact and he's totally right.What I like about Abel is: He listened, he gave me his honest opinion and was not afraid to say no (even though it was my first time meeting him) He didn't give me any Jerry Springer gossip or ask me things to fill the silence. He gave me a great cut and I was on my way. Just the way I like it. Cut's are on the pricey side but when it comes to hair you truly get what you pay for.The salon itself is really beautiful and totally unassuming. I drive by this place all the time and never thought twice about it. The inside is super chic/glam. The people at the front desk are really nice. They have a lot of products and cute jewelry. What's not to like about this place?Thanks to Vinny & Abel xoxoxox
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,6/22/2012,80,213,15,12,8>Karting is best with a huge group of friends. A small group is still fun, but if you have enough to fill up all 10-12 karts they let run at a time with people you know, it's even better. Of course, then you get stuck in the trap of "but I want to race against you!" and the 8 races for $100 deal starts to make sense, heh. Already, this place has a couple advantages over the usual outdoor gas karts. For one, it's right in Austin and way closer to where I live than even the Driveway. Two, it's inside! I think it could have even been a little cooler in the track area given that karts can be a bit of a work-out, but yay. No sunburn here and no whining about "waaaah, it's too hot" in the summer. Last but not least, these are the softest barriers I've ever hit. Not that you want to whack into them on a regular basis, but they're incredibly forgiving when you do. K1 doesn't require long sleeves and pants like a lot of karting places, but I guess that's because there's actually seatbelts in their karts. Thus, you can't really do any of the weight-shifting tricks of leaning forward or rocking back and forth to make the kart go faster. Well, you can try, but you'll run into the seatbelts.Those four-point harnesses and I are...not friends. To be honest, they're the only thing keeping this from a five-star review. The official policy is "no bumping," but given that you're all in vehicles that you don't own, that you're largely unfamiliar with, and that you're constantly having to readjust to given how charged and/or governed the karts are, and also given that you're all trying to go as fast as possible--there's going to be some spinning out and contact. Hooray belts, right? Not necessarily. They're just too darn narrow to be comfortable. On top of that, I have, um, "huge tracts of land" and they tended to either fall to the side of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern or squish on top (and then fall over to the side). Worst of all, I'm right at the height where the metal loop rested against my collar bone. Ouch! Either get some proper belts or ditch them altogether. Their usual "race" setup is more like a time trial--you're ranked by the fastest lap, not by who crosses the finish line first. Don't go out there like a Spec Piñata driver with a bad case of PMS (even though it's fun) if you'd like to beat whoever you're with on the time sheet. Instead, give yourself some space and try to work in some flying laps. This makes the whole "no bumping" rule make more sense. After you're done, you get nice a time sheet with lap data to talk smack over at the front desk. It appears as if they've made some changes to the original course layout, and I like it. The original plan (which is still on some of their marketing materials) had almost all hairpins, and what's the use of having faster, torquey electric karts if you can't really open 'em up? Instead, they've made a lovely sweeping turn and a fast kink in place of some of those bends so you can keep your foot pinned to the throttle from all the way from the exit of the first hairpin all the way into the entrance of the next one. It's a huge improvement. The karts are all new and pretty evenly matched, although the wireless governor system made for some extra amusement at times. I think they're still getting used to it, because during one race, we got a jump in power after a few laps. I also think they're capable of slowing down (or speeding up, heh heh) karts based on how much they do or don't trust you or your group. There also seemed to be a reluctance to flag people that got better as the night went on, but still might need a bit more wavey-wavey. I didn't realize it was all about the fastest lap the first couple times I went out, and I should've gotten enough black flags to make a lovely quilt for being too aggressive. I didn't see much from that except for a couple "no bumping" signs after bigger spins/wrecks. The blue flag should get more love, too, especially when there are groups out there with wildly varying levels of experience. The flag stations are really easy to spot, so use them!Overall, the staff was friendly and I didn't notice any massive lag times between races. I think they're starting to get the hang of it. They've got loaner helmets that they keep un-stinky by making everyone wear a headsock underneath. If you find that annoying, they'll let you bring your own if it's DOT-approved.They let the kid karts out in their own group so the grown-ups don't beat up on the kids, which is great.The front lobby was clearly decorated by a massive car geek. There's two CARTs (big ones, capitalized for a reason) to gawk at, a bunch of random racecar bits on the wall, big comfy couches, chairs made out of Sparco seats, tables made of huge wheels with glass on top and F1 murals on the wall.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,6/21/2012,81,207,6,9,7>Yelp stalking 'What's Hot in Yelp' I had steadily kept my eye on Julie's Handmade Noodles. Review after review my interests peaked and I finally took the plunge to venture past Ben White/I-35 South on a Friday night *gasp* (so unlike me) to satisfy my curiosity and seek the truth on the highly praised Niro Mien (Beef Noodle Soup).The only beef noodle soup I've had in Austin is from Chen's (not to be confused with the new ChenZ) and Coco's Cafe.  Chen's beef noodle soup is good, but not the traditional style Taiwanese beef noodle soup with rich beef broth and thick, tender pot roast stewed meat (complete with chewy tendon/fat, if you like that kind of stuff). It has been awhile since I've had Coco's beef noodle soup, but it is more like the traditional Taiwanese style soup. My problem is when I go to Coco's I'm too distracted by the bubble teas, shaved ice desserts, and other little delectables to keep focus on the beef noodle soup.Now to the important part, the food.  Bottom line, Julie's beef noodle soup is the best in Austin (in my opinion). Is it better than my grandma's? not quite, but it's close. The broth is rich and beefy. Plenty of stewed beef and a decent amount of bok choy (although I would have liked more). The noodles are definitely chewy,  cooked perfectly, and plentiful.  Speaking of 'plentiful', the styrofoam to-go cup it comes in is ginormous. Never fear, you will NOT leave hungry. Some Useful Tips to Note:1. The owners/cashier do not speak English very well. I had to brush up on my Mandarin when my order got complicated (asking for hot oil on the side, asking if I'm suppose to pay 'now' or when my order came out).2. In regards to tip #1, if you don't speak Mandarin, never fear. The menu is pretty simple. 3 different dishes. If you don't have an Asian with you handy, just point and use your fingers to motion how many of each you want OR just ask any Asian that is nearby to help translate (there is bound to be one, trust me).3. The truck is actually painted with signs saying 'Yuymmy Bowl', which confused me at first. There was even a website (Yummbowl7.com), which if you visit is a totally different Asian fusion menu. My guess is that Yummy Bowl is no longer and Julie purchased this trailer. The 'real' menu is all hand written so don't be fooled.4. If you happen to own some 'real soup spoons' it wouldn't hurt to bring them with you. You get a small plastic spoon to eat your noodles with (on the to-go orders). If you want the proper soup to noodle to beef ratio in every biteful, you are gonna need the right spoon. You know, the kind you use to eat noodle soups like Pho?Overall this place is a great addition to satisfy my Taiwanese food cravings. I'll have to try the Tomato Egg Noodle soup and the Zhajamg Mian sometime, but it will be hard. My love for the Niro Mien is just too strong to overcome right now.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/20/2012,398,533,17,15,11>Great tubing experience! I thought the most interesting thing about this place was that the float is pretty short (~90mins) which is convenient if you have people in your group who have to leave early and more importantly because you now have the luxury of making a pitstop at your car to replenish on sunblock and beverages. My group really enjoyed the fun and challenging obstacles like limbo-ing under a low bridge or braving the rapids to test the bond between a man and his sunglasses.Bonus perks:-The rentals were super cheap ($7)-Free parking!!!-Yellow tubes instead of the black ones that get really hot and scorch you -Hardworking, friendly teenagers who can't seem to break eye contact with your chest
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,6/19/2012,228,113,6,9,8>It's a solid 4 1/2 stars so I'm giving it 5.Location= 5 StarsBest BBQ in North AustinPlenty of ParkingQuick Line (this is ideal)Dig how it looks insideMy reason for eating here today-Needed a quick lunch and figured I could get in and out.Food=4 1/2 StarsLet me start by saying I ate here 4 months ago and it was nothing to write home about.  I ate here again today and it has improved leaps and bounds.Brisket= 4 1/2 StarsI always order the fatty end, so I can't speak for the lean cut.  As the BBQ Snob would say "the fat was not completely rendered".  Yes, it had a a thick layer of fat on top.  When done well this fat taste great when sliced so that you have just a sliver on your meat.  I attempted this maneuver and was greatly rewarded.  Flavor was excellent!Thorndale Sausage=5 StarsIt was tender, juicy, and spicy - the way I like it.  If you prefer very firm sausage like county line this may not be what you are looking for.Mac and Cheese = 3 1/2 stars (but my favorite is Luby's and they are total opposites)- I tried it, but so pleased with my meats I didn't need a filler.  It was much better than my meal 4 months ago.Sauce= 6 StarsIt was half way between Louie Mueller and JMueller (both I love).  To find a sauce that marries both was a great find for me.  I'm not sure how to describe- will try.  It is not thick (like JMueller) and not thin (like Mueller in Taylor).  As the Goldilocks story goes - "Ahhh, this is  just right."  A little thin with small amount of sautéed onion and coarse black pepper.  I soaked up every bit of it with my bread, no drop left behind!Bouns Points - taking it to 5 starsI see this place being the Shoal Creek of North Lamar.  If I lived near here I would be there at least once a week for happy hour.  They have beer, they have good food and people are having fun.Well done Stiles Switch Team
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,6/18/2012,41,142,3,15,7>they had a soft opening today and we were there.  i'm glad we went.  i'm confident it's going to be the only time we won't have to wait in line.  this is going to be one of the hottest restaurants, not just trailers, but restaurants, in austin.  the owner, freddy, is a fellow UT grad and was patient in explaining the differences between each type of ramen.  i ordered the miso ramen and my wife ordered the ramen listed as "ramen" on the menu.  it didn't take long for the 40+ oz bowls of broth and ramen to come out-  less than 5 minutes, but we were the first ones to order so ymmv.  the broth is legitimate ramen broth akin to what you'd find in la, sf, or ny.  it's complex, it's layered, and it's rich.  you can literally taste the amount of time the pork bones have cooked in the broth.  the fresh, never frozen, noodles flown in from california are springy and added to the bowl at the last possible minute to prevent them from getting soggy and bloated.  the chashu pork will make you wish you could order it in a sandwich and eat it everyday for lunch.  the parking lot is the same lot as bingo, hobby lobby, etc.  the actual trailer park area is the slab for the old buffet palace.  there's a small covered area that offers a little protection from the sun with long cafeteria style tables you sit down at.  the question of whether or not people will line up to eat a hot bowl of brothy ramen in the summer heat is an interesting question.  i think the food's so good it won't matter.  it sure beats travelling to either coast to get something of similar quality.  fyi- they take visa and mc but not discover or amex.edit:  i'm told they do actually take discover.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,6/17/2012,312,628,4,8,9>On my recent visit I enjoyed the fresh tasting and plentiful mussels appetizer and for my entree I had perfectly seared scallops (3 large, plump scallops) in a flavorful tomato reduction sauce, mixed with fresh corn pieces and shisito peppers.  The Chevre "tart" dessert makes it into my "Top 10 Best Desserts in Austin" list.  In my opinion it wasn't really a tart per se, but rather reminded me of a light and creamy whipped cheesecake, set atop a delicate gingerbread pie crust.  It was garnished with gorgeous candied lemon peels, which added the perfect compliment of tart and bright.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,6/16/2012,322,621,26,13,19>"Pho, pho, pho your boat""Gently down the Mekong..."This review boils down to things I did and didn't know about PhoNatic:.Things I didn't know:- I didn't know Pho before I came here- I didn't know Vietnamese food, period- I didn't know I needed to bring a lobster bib- I didn't know a little beef broth could make such a mess- I didn't know I should have brought Spray N' Wash wipes- I didn't know their "regular" bowl could be repurposed as a bathtub- I didn't know what comprised Pho Bo Kho- I didn't know stewed cow tendon could still be considered "beef"- I didn't know what the two little tree branches were for- I didn't know what was in the spice dish- I didn't know if those were sprouts- I didn't know if that was a jalapeno slice or notThings I do know:- I do know the beef shank pieces were melt-in-your-mouth tender- I do know the rice noodles were plentiful and good- I do know their entire ordering system rawks- I do know their service is fast- I do know this place is spotlessly clean- I do know I should take a Vietnamese guide next time- I do know to wear body armor as well- I do know I won't order #409 again- I do know the Hi-C pink lemonade was refreshing - I do know I like PhoNatic- I do know I will be back- I do know there are two more lines to this review, dedicated to the customer who thought going commando and leaving the restroom with a frontal wardrobe malfunction were good ideas."Merrily, Merrily, Merrily, Merrily""Don't let them see your Don Gee"
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,6/15/2012,19,108,12,9,10>Conversation Between My Taste Buds, Wok On Fire, Take 1, Action!Taste Bud #1: What should we try first? The hot and sour soup or the moo shoo pork?Taste Bud #2: I don't know about you, but I'm diving in the sweet and sour sauce.Taste Bud #3: (Already lounging on a pancake) Hey, will one of you oil me up with that teriyaki sauce? I'm trying to get a tan.Taste Bud #2: (Dives into the sweet and sour sauce, ignoring #3, and starts singing)  "Sweet dreams are made of this. Who am I to disagree?"Taste Bud #1: (Dips into the hot and sour soup and uses a floating bamboo shoot as a balance beam) So this is what it's like to Wok On Fire! This stuff is nice and spicy!Taste Bud #3: (After oiling itself with teryiaki sauce and wading on the pancake, it gets up and dries itself off in the soy sauce-drenched rice.) Taste Bud #4: (Stays silent as it roots around in the wonderful layers of spices and flavors of the moo shoo pork.)Taste Bud #2: (Cushioned in a crispy egg roll and taking a dip in the sauce) I do feel like I'm Woking On Fire. (After a few minutes of frolicking on a chicken wing, the taste buds gather around to read their fortunes as they lounge on the fortune cookies.)Taste Bud #2: "A cheerful message is on its way to you." Oh, I got the message all right. That sweet and sour sauce would even tempt a diabetic!Taste Bud #1: "A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day." Mmm...the best tonic was Woking on the fiery spices of that hot and sour soup.Taste Bud #4: Hey, I got the same fortune! (Chews maddeningly on the delicious fortune cookie.) Oh, well.Taste Bud #3: Here. Take mine. It says, "Love begets love."Taste Bud #4: It begets something, all right. I think I'm going to go lay down. I've got a food pleasure overload.(Cut.)
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,6/14/2012,303,155,12,11,15>I have been here three times now and love this burger more and more. I split the Turlingua. Pretty much frito pie on a burger. Once again over the top amazing. I don't know what they are doing but it is grilled to perfection. Customer service is great once people can figure it out. Juicy burgers with some of the best toppings. It may seem pricey, but it is soooo worth it. I have never been disappointed.On a side note I do have to mention that the people that I read the reviews the most disappoint me on this one. It makes me question whether or not they have lost their taste buds or something.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,6/13/2012,246,155,12,9,11>34 plus 207 makes 241.Between the two food trailer locations, Kebabalicious currently has 241 reviews. Mine will make it 242- 242 reviews that have averaged out to 4.5 stars. The masses are not wrong about this one, my Austinite friends.That being said, I really don't have a whole lot to add that hasn't already been written. Yes, it's good (but not amazing). I got the large beef/lamb wrap with everything including hot sauce. It was around lunchtime, and I ate the whole thing in about 5 minutes. Am I a food monster? Yes.Is it good for my digestion? My doctor would say no.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,6/12/2012,88,115,29,27,24>I just spent $30 on apples at Whole Foods and then dropped both of them!!Everything is getting SO pricey these days, and sometimes just the THOUGHT of going downtown tires me, and drives me to just eat chips for dinner.  Bad Foodie!On a lark (mainly because I love their logo) went to Easy Tiger.  Parking wasn't that bad; and it was drizzling too, so there was great potential in the AggroMeter rising.  We were greeted immediately at the door (for ID's) and then into the upper level where the bakery is (mental note to come back for pastries), lastly downstairs to a medium/small room.  It didn't feel cramped to me, but immediate seating doesn't hurt.  Our waitress (kicking myself for not remembering her name) was a livin' doll.  Since people were standing in front of the chalkboard listing a TON of incredible brews, she managed to pull out a cheat sheet with the tiniest font and help us pick out something wonderful.We noshed on some of the sausage and cheese platters, which has inspired me to get to know more about mustard, because what they presented just married well together.  A very Germanic feel to the food, but NO complaints; they pulled it off wonderfully.  There wasn't anything we didn't love about the price too.  It gives us a chance to have an enjoyable night being served by a sweetheart and leave her a good tip.  That's winning with tiger's blood like a freakin' warlock by my standards.  Totally recommend this joint, and I wish them well in such a rough hood!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,6/11/2012,89,239,4,6,7>Could this be the best bar in all of Austin?Here are some reasons why I think so:#1:  It's pretty much impossible to find.  To me, if a business is thriving that's located off the beaten path it means A) people are finding out about through word of mouth and B) that their customer base is extremely loyal.  I find both of those to be the case with Draught House.#2:  It's located in a neighborhood and filled with locals.  I've been to some truly great bars in my life, in some truly amazing places, but the ones I yearn for the most are the watering holes where the locals hang out.  Essentially, these are the kind of bars that every bar owner wants to own and, yet, something few can truly accomplish.  #3:  Amazing beer selection.  Tons of foreign and domestic beers on tap and, oh, did I mention DRAUGHT HOUSE NOW MAKES THEIR OWN BEER?  Oh yeah, and did I also mention THEY FREQUENTLY CHANGE THEIR BEER SELECTION too?  This...is...beer...heaven. #4:  The "je ne sais quoi"/"umami" factor.  There's that one thing--or maybe it's multiple things--that you simply cannot describe, but manage to draw you in and keep you wanting more.  Is it the darts? The awesomely carved and lacquered tables inside?  The amazing beer garden outside?  The fantastic music selection?  I don't know what it is but I want more.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,6/10/2012,100,112,12,15,13>My co-worker kept telling me that I had to go to Unbridaled to check out wedding dresses.  But I was a little worried that the selection wouldn't be traditional enough for me.  However, one day, a wedding dress spirit drew me over to Unbridaled.  I had just left another store, where I had made the tough choice to not buy a dress that I thought I was the one for me.  So I was a little depressed that I still hadn't found my dress.  The wedding dress spirit wasn't going to let me be down though - it called me over to Unbridaled, giving me a feeling that my dress was there.I was greeted by smiles all around.  I wish I could remember the name of the girl that helped me, but I can't at the moment.  She listened to my preferences, made some selections, and also allowed me to make my own.  I was shopping alone, but she made me feel like I was shopping with my best friend.  She was honest, and helpful.  She took as many pictures as I wanted to show to my Mom.  She also did an excellent job at clipping the dress!I fell in love with the first dress I tried on.  Even her face lit up!  It drew the attention of some other employees, including the owner (I think) - they were all very sweet and made me feel like I was among friends.  I ended up going back at least 2 more times.  Each time, they remembered me, they discussed with me, they listened to my worries etc...Never once did I feel forced into anything.  And the store itself, is wonderful.  It is comfortable and warm and they even offer cocktails on Thursdays.I highly recommend Unbridaled - their prices and services are unmatched.  Listen to your wedding dress spirit and go there! :-D**Disclaimer**I can neither prove nor disprove the existence of a wedding dress spirit.  :)
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,6/9/2012,258,244,13,10,10>Guay Tiew Tom-Yum Ta-LayTranslation: Lemongrass descends from heaven with happiness just for you.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,6/8/2012,238,365,7,5,8>Creamy, yes!Smooth, yes!Rich, without being ridiculously bad for you, yes!Lots of creative and delicious flavors, yes!Yogurtland, one of the best yogurt places in Austin, YES! YES! YES!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,6/7/2012,259,232,5,12,10>I was the proud owner of an early 1980s Panasonic home stereo system...until it stopped working one day. This was a one-of-a-kind faded pink record/cassette/radio player...I knew it needed to be rescued! Enter Kim at Telstar. She took my baby and brought it back to life. Not only did she/they re-solder the entire system, she painstakingly cleaned it with a Q-Tip and made it look brand new. When I picked it up weeks later, it sounded AMAZING. I tested it out at my house party that night--to many impressed guests. Now my Bee Gee's records are finally getting the love they deserve.Notes: They are hidden in the U-Haul offices off of Burnet.Cash only.Weird hours...call ahead.You gots to put down a $50 deposit.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,6/6/2012,93,342,9,11,10>I met up with Tony B for his ROTDC last weekend, which was my first visit to Live Oak Barbecue.  I was sad that they ran out of the Saturday Special, but I guess that's to be expected.I ordered a quarter pound of brisket and a quarter pound of sausage.  The brisket is very thick and lean, except for the line of fat between the brisket and the bark.  I really enjoyed it because I could cut the fat off (I know, I'm lame) and enjoy the wonderful flavor of the lean brisket.  The sausage was pretty good, but they cut the pieces kind of big and the spork just wasn't doing it for cutting each piece in half.  I didn't order any sides but was lucky enough to try Errol's cucumber salad.  Cucumbers and onions in vinegar and dill?  Ahhhh, reminds me of my childhood!  They also have glass-bottled drinks like Coke, Big Red, and Dublin Dr. Pepper, but they cost $2 each and the 8oz Dublin Dr. Pepper costs the same as the larger bottles of Coke.I ordered some brisket and a slice of pie to-go for my husband.  The brisket wasn't as good warmed up, but I wasn't expecting it to be.  The mixed berry pie was pretty tasty, but it's also pretty pricey at $5/slice.  It's homemade, though, so that's hard to beat.A BIG downside is that I smelled like BBQ for the rest of the day.  I wasn't able to go home and change or shower, so I was running errands all evening getting whiffs of smokey brisket.  I recommend sitting outside if at all possible.I'll likely return, as I'd love to try their pork.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,6/4/2012,309,299,6,12,11>Ok so ... I love dirty dive bars... and honestly this bar may be the ultimate in dirty dive bars! As I walked in I noticed an odd smell which I decided to ignore. I walked up to the bar and ordered 2 drinks and smiled when I noticed my beer was 1.50. I wasn't adjusted to the smell yet so I decided to go sit on the patio.I happened to see a friend on the Patio so I sat down an began drinking. I was approached by several very sketchy characters throughout the night and as I listened to the music I noticed their seemed to be no link between the songs.. I heard everything from UGK to Johnny Cash to Def Leopard.. I had read some reviews and went to investigate the Juke Box thats when I noticed it was just a huge internet connected touch screen that could basically play any song.. Its probably a good idea to get here early and perform a take over of the juke box!This bar is like a cultural melting pot.. You see every class and race of people mingling together enjoying the cheap drinks. After a little while I had adjusted to the bars odd smell and the odd variety of music and then I began to see the true beauty of this place.. Its like reading a Bukowski novel.... its often crass and hard to appreciated but a beautiful work of art underneath the surface. Erase all of your expectations and go to 04 Lounge for a cheap beer.. it will make you a better person.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,6/3/2012,36,110,13,12,10>This is how you start a food trailer, take notes.Get the airstream, everyone knows they are the coolest because crazy people in Nevada used to hump aliens in them.Get the product few have and people in Austin aren't familiar with, but will love (Lobster Rolls.)Go full on social media, and get a tight name and logo. Also... if they go with "Rock out with your Dock out" for a catch phrase, I'll figure out a way to give them 6 stars.I went today and brought lunch to my wife... 2 Lobster Rolls, two Asian slaws, and one less than 3 Thai teas. It was great! Fairly though, it's Lobster, the greatest edible thing previous to the invention of Viagra. It has to be good, but it is also damn cheap for being out of Maine. In Bar Harbor this will run you $10... so $12 is a coup d'état.People on the picnic tables were raving about the other sandwiches and tots too. The guys working inside (Daniel and Lee) were super nice and had the kind of personalities that will bring in repeat business.Getting Lobster to Austin and selling it for $12 takes connections. I'm betting one of these guys has a family Lobsterman back home.This is a home run.Update: I've had the other sandwiches and they are tight. The Cuban one and the Thai pork one especially. I've fallen out of love with the Thai tea though. It is interesting, but not refreshing. What I'm telling you is that I'm a regular.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/2/2012,88,161,5,10,11>What an absolute pleasure it was to dine at Swift's Attic! I attended on this past Friday during their soft opening - I expected some snafus but really I'd have to nitpick to give anything less than five stars. My reservations were for 8:45, we were seated a bit behind schedule, but it worked out well because we had the chance to grab a couple of cocktails ($10 each - reasonable). I adored the peachy beverage (The Reunited?). We were seated at a super intimate table along the left side of the back room. Perfect for my date and I. Naturally I chose to sit along the wall so I could do my fair share of people watching... And Swifts Attic certainly made for good people watching. THE FOOD: Starters --The Edamame with Salty Pop Rocks (not too poppy for me, but tasty nonetheless) $4The Charred Shishito Peppers with a vinegary cheesy dipping sauce $6 - This was actually my favorite flavor combo of the whole meal... I'm easy to please.The Plates --Pork Belly and Foie Gras Bahn Minis - so succulent. Good bite. Good crunch. LOVED THEM. $12Venison Kebab with a smear of red curry dairy sauce and a minced dill/cucumber slaw. $15Oxtail Flatbread with mushrooms and a blue goat cheese. $14 Dessert -- (wish we had room for more...)Popcorn and a Movie -- a Popcorn Gelato atop homemade Twix like candy with a few salty, sweet Crackerjack popcorns and a root beer reduction. $8 (I could have had the whole thing myself... But alas, I refrained.) -- The Root Beer reduction was something I could have done without. Not my thing...Overall, I really can't wait to come back. So many more awesome things to try... Our bill was $95 - food was half price, but we had about 7 glasses of wine between the two of us during dinner... Not a cheap date, but certainly well worth it!!! Glad to have the chance to check out what's destined to be the newest "IT" restaurant in Austin!!!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,6/1/2012,278,170,8,16,11>I only have one thing to add.  My brother lives in Saudi Arabia. We've both been to Turkey, home of the original kebab and predecessor of the shawarma, and still the best damn place to get the original. In fact, back in the day, the best shawarmas in Saudi were made by Turks.   Fast forward 2008 and beyond... my brother visits twice a year and he claims Kebabalicious makes better shawarmas and falafel than what is currently available in Saudi.  If that doesn't say much, I don't know what can.  I absolutely love this place and every person I've dragged here, has become a diehard fan.  I love this place so much I bought their t-shirt. The only downside, the wait!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,5/31/2012,103,180,17,7,10>I am gonna extend an invitation before I start this review.Dear Shakira,If you ever come into town, and feel like a good street chicken, I would love to take you here. I would gladly re-enact the video "Te Lo Agradezco Pero No". I could buy us an organic half chicken with rice and beans. I would even splurge for an order of their delicious street corn, if you'd like. Who knows, if we dance well together, and there is that certain spark, I might even sneak some tequila in my back pocket. That way I could fix us some delicious Margaritas with the do-it-yourself Margarita kit that they sell. I'm an excellent dancer, and I know just enough Spanish to sing the whole song with you. So, again, if you are ever in Austin, and feel like dancing in a parking lot with a tattooed, punk rocker, that loves good Latin music, and knows really good street chicken when he gets it, I'm your man.                                                                            Sincerely, Robert B.P.S. Alejandro Sanz ain't got nothing on my dance moves.Well, I guess that is my review. Sorrry, I get side-tracked easily.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/30/2012,137,114,19,20,21>Tale of an old school goth girl.There was once this art school girl who wore a lot of black and john fluevog shoes.  She was a sad girl who'd already had her share of heartbreak for such a tender age; visiting goth clubs all over the southeast looking for that special angsty pre-emo love.  She'd dance self-consciously to My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult, Ministry, The Smiths, and Siouxie.  Eventually she moved away to a place where there were no goth clubs.Twenty years later the goth girl is now a happy suburban housewife.  The few black dresses from her old days are in the back of the closet.  Last year she was talked into going to a goth club for the first time in years and years.  Reluctantly she went.  She dug out some black clothes and her awesome knee high boots.She realized that her self-consciousness was gone!  She didn't feel uncool or judged.  She was fulfilled in her personal life and she was free to dance and dance without fear of judgement.  In fact, she received compliments.  "Perhaps," she thought, "the new goth kids aren't as negative or judgy as the old school goths."  Or maybe it was the club.  The bouncer is nice.  The bartenders are pleasant, if overwhelmed, when it gets crowded.  The deejay spins fun songs, some even familiar to the girl's prime.  The fellow patrons are pleasant, not too cool to not talk to.  They....smile.  Unheard of in the early nineties goth clubs.  Or maybe the girl was too self-conscious to notice that they did this all along.She prefers going on Saturday nights and after midnight on weeknights.  Sunday nights make her sad.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,5/29/2012,168,161,8,14,13>I eat the plain burger with bacon, avocado, and no bun everywhere in town: I know where it's great and where it's ok. That's not your typical burger contest, as it's not about toppings or a mouth mostly full of bread, but about who seasons the meat and who doesn't, and who uses serious bacon.Austin Java, like Kerbey Ln (original) and Burger Tex, _seasons the meat_. It tastes great by itself. Best bacon still goes to Opal Divine's Marina.I received the required hibiscus tea. Service has been good and.. good.Also, the nicest-looking cappuccino I've ever been handed. I love this place and, since it's convenient to my home and office, it's my first choice for meeting up with a small group.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,5/27/2012,485,555,8,15,13>The events I've experienced at CTC Garden have been awesome. The vendors for charity have been awesome. The free libations have been awesome. Why, that must mean that the space is awesome to accommodate this level of greatness. Don't even need a Hogwarts education to figure that magic out.This is a nonprofit, so they use the funds obtained from events hosted here to help pay their staff. A small space is hosted indoors (with air-conditioning) in the cutest bluest house. I have seen the second separate structure wide-open, so I am not sure if that one is AC-equipped. The stone ground is lovely, as well as the mini-buildings. The landscaping is sweet and peaceful. I'm guessing 75 guests could be comfortably contained here. When I went for a Fashion Week event it was way too hot to host an event outdoors; I thought I was about to fashionably faint. But it IS immediately endearing for a fall event, say a wedding. Or something. Ahem.You can check out their Facebook page: facebook.com/CTCGarden.  I'd stopped in for one of CTC's own charity events before (suggested donation, kids), where I purchased a sweet-fitting tank with an image of Charles Bronson emblazoned on it. I want to fight crime when I wear it. I did it for charity, I did it for posterity, and I did it because it looks good. The CTC is such a treat.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,5/27/2012,485,555,9,15,13>The events I've experienced at CTC Garden have been awesome. The vendors for charity have been awesome. The free libations have been awesome. Why, that must mean that the space is awesome to accommodate this level of greatness. Don't even need a Hogwarts education to figure that magic out.This is a nonprofit, so they use the funds obtained from events hosted here to help pay their staff. A small space is hosted indoors (with air-conditioning) in the cutest bluest house. I have seen the second separate structure wide-open, so I am not sure if that one is AC-equipped. The stone ground is lovely, as well as the mini-buildings. The landscaping is sweet and peaceful. I'm guessing 75 guests could be comfortably contained here. When I went for a Fashion Week event it was way too hot to host an event outdoors; I thought I was about to fashionably faint. But it IS immediately endearing for a fall event, say a wedding. Or something. Ahem.You can check out their Facebook page: facebook.com/CTCGarden.  I'd stopped in for one of CTC's own charity events before (suggested donation, kids), where I purchased a sweet-fitting tank with an image of Charles Bronson emblazoned on it. I want to fight crime when I wear it. I did it for charity, I did it for posterity, and I did it because it looks good. The CTC is such a treat.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,5/26/2012,67,55,4,9,6>First night opened, and the place was actually pretty busy! Fiance and I have been eying this building - which had more or less gone through several transformations in the three years or so we've lived in the Tech Ridge area, and the sign of a nearby stir-fry spot had us really excited! Something relatively healthy and inexpensive just up the street! But it seems it took FOREVER to finally get open. Every time we drove by the boy would be all "Is it open yet? Check while I drive by." And lo! The fluorescent "OPEN" sign appeared! We dropped in, greeted by several eager waitstaff and the roaring hiss of a giant circular flat grill in the center of the restaurant. It was a pretty impressive set-up.We were led to our booth, menus were provided (I'm ashamed to say that I didn't really scope out the drink menu), and we lulled things over. While I knew we were going for stir-fry, I was still naturally curious if their sushi offerings were of any consequence. While their nigiri was substantial (and delicious, as I ordered the salmon nigiri), their sushi rolls were unfortunately dominated by cream cheese, "crab mix" and crunchy things. Not my style, though maybe others would be keen on the idea!So we both ordered a dinner bowl. Don't let the small silver bowls fool you - you'll be getting plenty of food once it's done and over with! There were a great variety of meats - marinated pork, tilapia, sausage, and other things - the shrimp was frozen...which I'm not sure how I others would feel about it, but as someone who's had some unfortunate incidents with 'bad' shrimp, I'd rather it be frozen and thawing than thawed and...aging.The best part about this bar is definitely two things: the spice rack and the sauce table. The result is a bowl custom-tailored to your picky dietary needs and wants with a great big punch of flavor.And for their first day, the service wasn't bad at all! I'm sure they'll settle into their own in no time. We'll definitely be making return trips.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,5/25/2012,325,414,8,8,9>My answer: "Amazing. Amaaaazing. Amazing."Her question: "How are the scallops?"And they really were. Been a long time since I had scallops, which is sad, because really, they are one of my favorites of the sea-dwellers.  Our server said she was not normally a scallop person, but these changed her mind.  The sauce with the mushrooms and the scallops combined for a lot of delicious.We started with a glass of the lovely house champagne. The goat cheese rounds were tasty. I tried a bite of pate. ... It's still not my thing. There was more wine. And more bread. And profiteroles were a nice way to end the evening, topped with a cup of cappuccino.  It's a cute little date spot. And if you've got good ju-ju like I do, you'll get rockstar parking (right by the door!!) like we did.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,5/24/2012,116,224,4,14,12>This is a great place to get a burger and is just a bike ride away from home! We stopped in today for a late lunch and left ecstatic by our experience at Allstar. This is exactly the kind of restaurant our area needs. They serve all of their premium, vegetarian fed Angus burgers on freshly baked buns and top them with appealing and modern toppings, such as arugula, fried eggs, blue cheese, and endless other gourmet toppings. Or you can go simple and just get a plain burger with cheese. I ordered the Pacific burger "skinny" style with avocado, sprouts and a wonderful homemade dijon mustard blend on lettuce instead of a bun. The hubby had the West burger with cheddar, cilantro garlic cream cheese spread and grilled jalapeño slices. Neither of us said a word as we devoured our juicy, perfectly seasoned burgers. The french fries were crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside and lightly dusted with course salt. The hubby grew up in a family that owned steakhouses, so is a burger/beef aficionado and he left beaming from ear to ear due to the high quality of the ingredients. The nice selection of American beers on tap and in bottles left him pretty blissful as well. What they've done well here is keep a simple menu that appeals to every member of the family. They use local produce when available and have a super assortment of salads and non beef burger options such as a hemp seed veggie burger, turkey burger or Ahi tuna burger. And they have a nice selection of wines by the glass to accompany them if beer or soda isn't your thing. The decor is clean, modern and spacious and a great spot for larger parties, with some nice quiet nooks for couples. Several people were doing business on their free WiFi network. Allstar has definitely hit the mark and we can't wait to go back for more.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,5/23/2012,113,132,9,9,7>oh, sweet baby Jesus.  I pretty much love this place and would go there everyday if i could.  Sadly, I've only been twice.  It WOULD be 3 times, but the bf made us eat at some food truck not a stones throw away from Second, during a SX outing.  Ugh!  He can be so mean sometimes!  anyway.....The 1st time we were there was Valentines night.  I *HATE going to restaurants on Vday.  But, we had just seen a show at ACL Live, it was probably 11pm-ish and we were starving.  So, i busted out my Yelp app, pulled up the monocle to see what was around and open and it, so graciously, led us to Second.  We walk in, we're greeted by a nice lady and we say we will sit at the bar.  It's quicker we suppose.  I know now that we were lucky enough to have the head bartender waiting on us.  He was super friendly and chatty and made us great drinks.  He knew i was serious when i said i wanted a dirty martini (Porn star dirty!)   Any who.... After perusing the menu for a while, we decide on the brussel sprouts and the black and bleu pizza.  The sprouts come and they are auh-mazing!  we gobble them up. (The man and i have been on this weird brussel sprouts kick lately... we ooh! and ahh! about them to each other.) Then, the pizza comes.  This isn't just "pizza" tho.  It's pizza with: black truffle  bleu cheese  pork belly confit  medjool dates & red onion.  Yes, i did just copy that from the online menu, i wanted to get it right!   The crust was perfect and the flavors were unbelievable...  i want some right now!  So, we get ready to close out and the bartender tells us to wait, he has something for us.   *this is where you kinda ask yourself:  Um... does he want to swing or something? ... never had a bartender tell me to wait & not leave.  for a good reason...*  Anyhow.  He did not want to swing, he wants to give us free food!   He saw how much we loved the sprouts and had the kitchen make us another portion to go home with!  SCORE!  Obviously, I was impressed.  Great service in a place late at night on Valentines day, no less, and free delicious food??!!!  Yes, please.A couple weeks ago, I'm looking thru my Texas Monthly and reading their list of the top 10 restaurants in Texas.  I see Congress on the list and decide to Yelp it.  Lo and behold, i realize that Second Bar + Kitchen is the "smaller version" of this place.  I'm all proud of myself, like i discovered something.  I can't wait to tell the bf how cool we are!  (We're not.  I'm just easily excited.  Especially when food is involved)  Any which way, I immediately decide we MUST return, post haste!  So, we're back downtown the next week...for something, i don't remember and I insist we go back to Second.  It really didn't take much convincing.  We roll up, are promptly greeted and we say we would like to sit at the bar.  I mean, it was such a great idea last time, let's do it again!   And, again, we get an awesome bartender that is super friendly and informative and makes great drinks.  I see the guy next to me eating some guacamole concoction and i MUST HAVE IT!  It was the: avocado fundido  queso fresco  house chorizo  chipotle masa chips.  Yes, i copied that too, jeez!  It was sooooooooo yummy!  I cant even explain the masa chips, they were just plain delicious and i could eat them everyday!  The warm guac with the queso.. Oh man... I'm drooling just thinking about it.   We got the black and Bleu pizza again and it was just as perfect as i remember it.  *I promise i will get something new next time.  PROMISE!  We discussed our options with the bartender and a super funny and friendly waiter.  We all decided that you can't mess with perfection and if i was still thinking about it a month later, i should have it again.Yeah, it's a little pricey.  We spent $60 and $70 bucks on the trips.  But, we both had 2 drinks and Hey, it's 5 star food, that's what you pay.  I don't buy shoes, i buy 5 star meals.  It's a trade off i can live with.In conclusion, Thanks for reading this novel and go to Second.  Tell em carole sent you.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,5/22/2012,45,200,13,9,8>Our Friday night Plan/ Ritual:Load up the car with family. Front seat passenger in charge of Gallon of Milk and cups.Back seat passengers in charge of napkins and handi wipes.Arrive at 9pm SHARP...that's when they are fresh off the line.Order 2 dozen...pay.  Fight over the hot donuts on top of the box.Eat and stuff your face with donuts and milk whilst you drive around downtown looking at the peeps.Head home and either sleep because of your carb coma or clean something because of the sugar high.  Either way, it will end in a sugar coma and peaceful nights sleep.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,5/21/2012,144,127,7,8,9>It's been rainy outside, cold, nasty, muddy, and wet.  BUT WHEN FOOD CALLS: You must answer! We ventured out here with friends all the way from Dallas! I NEEDED to review this place ASAP! This place was awesome!!! Not a single item was bad... well, the little coco balls, I did not fancy...maybe it's the coco/bitterness/texture that I did not like.  Okay so lets start!!Everything I sampled today:Hamburger mac n cheese, it was really tasty, the ground beef was seasoned very well.Brisket mac n cheese: the brisket was so good! It was seasoned and sliced perfectly.  I did wish to have more meat though, being a carnivore and all.... Philly Cheese steak with mac n cheese, I'm surprised they can make a philly cheese steak so well.  This is a mac and cheese place.  It was a philly cheese steak sammich with mac n cheese on top, what the heck... How was this so good?!?!?! Grilled Cheese mac n cheese, need I explain more on what this is?! It's so freaking good... I don't know, I told the guy he needed to enter the Grilled cheese invitational this year and enter that... Jalapeno brisket and blue cheese mac n cheese: THE BLUE CHEESE IS WHAT MAKES THIS SO GOOD... The jalapenos were pickled and so so freaking good! Blue cheese and caramelized onion mac n cheese: this one had to be my favorite!!! The blue cheese was amazing!! So creamy! It didn't taste like soap, as I was expecting.Peanut butter ice cream pie, I don't think I could get enough of this thing, holy crap, it was so yummy! (BTW, I usually hate peanut butter things) I really hope they do well... since 10:30 am until around 4pm, we were the first customers. They made like 38 dollars the day before. What a great concept with all the mac and cheesiness.  Support this business!!! OH! They also have coupons for buy 2 get one free :)
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/20/2012,47,135,15,13,15>Oh SIN-AP. The fajita rumble has begun. Venerable "Best Fajitas Evar" winner twelve hundred years in a row has finally come to Austin to challenge the local seats of Maudies, Habaneros, and other Austin fajita icons.Although this may seem like just-another-chain, Lupe Tortilla has done replication right.  Growing up in West Houston, Lupe Tortilla was a big part of my childhood when there was just one restaurant. Celebrations after school sporting events, birthdays, and what we call "it's Wednesday and we don't know what to eat."You get it.  ;)  It was typical for Lupe Tortilla to have a 1.5 hr wait because everyone knew that this place was /the place/ to be seen eating fajitas.When I went off to University in Austin it was pretty much a guarantee that every time I came home we we went to "Lupes;" kind of like a homecoming ritual.While eating my morning oatmeal a few weeks ago, I read that Lupe Tortillas was expanding to Austin and I started sobbing quietly -- tears of joy.  (It made my oatmeal salty -- true story).I've never had a bad thing off their menu.  Sure their pricing is a bit on the high side but it's well worth it.  Fajitas (plus three pepper shrimp!), two adult beverages and a tres leches cake set me back $52.  I'm so happy you're here, Lupe Tortillas.  You're like my number one fajita snuggie... if those existed.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,5/19/2012,42,58,7,9,7>Decided to break up the routine of my usual coffee fixes and try out this little place. This is definitely more bakery than coffee shop. The chalk and blackboard menu is so extensive it left me dizzy...with flashbacks of 4th grade, standing chalk in hand and without a clue how to solve the next math problem in front of my peer's eyes and evil teacher... ehem so yes the food options will not leave you wanting more. The chicken and broccoli quiche I had was quite scrumptious, I will definitely return to try other items. The coffee was good and on par with my expectations.The atmosphere is nice and cozy but became cramped quickly at lunch time with so many people in line it felt claustrophobic. The noise was pretty tame until then which it exponentially turned into a roar of 50+ year old ladies gabbing to the point of feeling acoustically assaulted. Fortunately the sirens left as quickly as they came and I was able to return to my studies yet feeling high pitched reverberations echoing through my skull long after. The staff are friendly and efficient. Its nice to hear them say 'thank you' for tipping, whereas the cold entitled mass of Austin baristas think they should get a Washington for just making eye contact.This is a cool place yet not all is sweet in candy land. My main issue is the hours... they close as 6pm on weekdays and 3pm on Sat. And closed on Sunday! Thats Austin coffee blasphemy!Bottom-Line: Great food with coffee. Can be busy and noisy during lunch.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,5/18/2012,68,205,5,6,6>In the midst of the oppressively scorching summer, I advise everyone to head down to Hugo's and have a Caipirinha or two. This south american transplant refreshes and intoxicates, a fitting analogy for the Hugo's experience.The dining room is bright, sleek, and modern. The floor to ceiling windows offer some prime people watching opportunities along the Lamar sidewalk. I kid you not, we saw a lovely tattooed young lady stroll by with a samurai sword holstered across her back.We enjoyed the food, which is a tasty, people-pleasing blend of Brazilian and Tex-Mex staples. Complimentary chips and salsa were solid, and the Guac and Queso appetizer was quite good, albeit a bit spendy at 9 bucks.The menu features less options than I expected, but everything my group had pretty much rocked. The dueling enchiladas ($10) were fantastic. The trio of queso, tomatillo sauce, and red sauce worked great. My buddy enjoyed his burger, particularly  the house-made waffle potato chips.This place just opened, so I was impressed with the quick and effective service and kitchen execution. This was just a very enjoyable "up-casual" evening. I'm already craving another crack at the Caipirinha. Highly recommended.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,5/17/2012,254,785,8,14,11>Woo-hoo!  Maoz was one of my favorite lunch spots in New York and psyched they've opened in Austin.  My wife and I missed this place so much that we designated it our only non-Spanish meal when we visited Spain on our honeymoon (fully acknowledge that is the douchiest thing I've ever said on Yelp!).I just visited it on its opening day in the Triangle and it's just as I remembered/reviewed in New York...Here my slightly edited review....Never thought I'd give a place with 'Vegetarian' in its name 5 stars but this place is really good.  A fast food chain from the Netherlands, this place is like Amsterdam:  it does one thing and does it well (maoz=falafel, amsterdam=um, the, uh, Anne Frank House!).They have three meals.  #1 Meal Deal = Falafel w/ eggplant and hummus/frites/soda deal, #2 Junior Meal Deal = falafel/frites/soda deal, and 3) Salad Meal = falafel bowl + two toppings + beverage.  The prices for the deals are in the $7-9 range.While the falafel balls are very good, the star of the show is the free toppings bar (or fixin's bar for southerners and Roy Rogers fans) - the cucumbers and pickles, cole slaw, radishes, cous cous, etc. are all fresh and tasty.  Top reco is the broccoli and cauliflower.  Not sure what they do to it but it's really good.  My recommended toppings are the eggplant and hummus.I recommend the Falafel Bowl b/c you can load it up w/ fillings w/o worrying about it crumbling down like a Veggie Jenga.  Make sure to add in plenty of yogurt and tahini sauce.The falafel sandwich comes in a stand that makes eating the falafel slightly less messy than usual.  Worthwhile note - bring extra yogurt and tahini w/ you to re-apply once your midway through.  The accompanying fries/frites are solid but not as great as the falafel/toppings.All-in-all, this is a great lunch spot whether you're a vegetarian or not.  Definitely worth trying out...
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,5/16/2012,724,628,13,13,15>I am frugal and I love the popcorn I make at home, so I don't typically frequent ready-made popcorn places.  But I tried some samples of Cornucopia's wares at an event not long ago, and loved it so much that I popped in (ahem) to take a gander yesterday.Flavors of every imaginable variety lined the walls (Dill pickle! Madras curry! S'mores! Birthday cake!), and you could serve yourself samples to your heart's content. I sampled like mad, and finally settled on a bag of pesto and a bag of their green corn (a mixture of spirulina, brewer's yeast, and spices) which sounds weird but tastes AMAZING. I actually think it is my favorite of all, despite the many other delightful flavors vying for the #1 spot in my heart.I agree with the other reviewers that the prices here are a bit on the spendy side - $2.25 for basically a sandwich bag full of corn.  However, they occasionally run coupon deals with Groupon, Scoutmob, etc., and you can also garner yourself some discounts with a GoLocal card, or by buying a tin from them, which entitles you to 50% off refills.Service was very nice, although they probably could have used a second employee on a game day Saturday.  It was worth the wait, though; I left with enough fluffy, crunchy, flavorful goodness to keep me snack-happy for days.  Colonel Sanders, move over - there's a new kernel in town.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,5/15/2012,592,498,8,10,9>I came here on a food tour. Eric is the owner of this place, along with his wife. He was very polite and friendly when describing his business and how he started it. He seemed like a really cool guy! I loved that he put so much passion into his food.We tried the shiner boch deep fried monte christo (I have no idea if I spelled that right). It was very good, and his home-made jam was incredible with it. I seem to be on a roll tonight with the sweet and salty... but it was the best sweet and salty mix EVERRRRRRRR! So, come here and try his famous deep fried monte christo, you will not be disappointed. I've also found that the food tastes better when you know the person making it is incredibly passionate about how he makes his food and just a darn nice guy! What a lovely trailer. I love trailers.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,5/14/2012,155,139,7,6,8>Lesson: Never judge a book by its coverWhen I first pulled up and parked I thought to myself "self, I don't think we should get out of the car, its a little scary looking".  But I didn't listen to myself and I got out and went inside.  What a big difference.  Walking in you wouldn't think that the inside would be so welcoming and had a kinda  cool vibe inside.  I looked around a bit before I ordered.  The front part where you order has several tables and a few somewhat comfy chairs.  The back part also had tables but those had plugs and such for the laptops.  I did see a really comfy looking couch but it was already occupied so I chose the somewhat comfy chair. Forgot, there is seating outside in the back.  It was cold and drizzling so I just kinda looked in that direction not so much really saw what it was like.I ordered my hot chocolate and a piece of apple pie.  Here is where I had my weird experience.  I went and sat down and the guy in the next chair got up immediately and walked off.  Well alrighty then, I didn't really want to sit next to you either, fool!!  Oh well.  From where I sat I could see the whole front room and all the people going in and out.  I was surprised and the diversity of people.  Clearly there was a snob in there, I ran him off apparently.  I saw an older couple that I think was on a first date.  They were cute.  I saw another couple fight, she was just mean. She went from talking about Jabber Jaw to saying "I'm done" pushing her plate at him and getting up and walking off, leaving him sitting there.  The getting up and walking off seemed like it could have been a theme.  Anyway, I saw country folks, students, the coffee house people type and then there was me.  Just little ol me.This place serves food, baked goods, teas and of course coffees.  As I said before, I had the apple pie.   This will sound strange but it had to many apples in it.  It was just ok and I ate a little bit of it.  The hot chocolate was good once I got past the mountain of whipped cream that was on top. I did get it in an actual mug, I'm easy to please sometimes.I am by no means any kind of coffee person, I don't even drink coffee, I was there for the hot chocolate and people watching.  This, aside from Starbucks, is the first coffee shop I have been too so my coffee shop experience is clearly not extensive but I liked the place overall.  I am sure I will go back and try something else on the menu.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,5/13/2012,82,178,9,13,13>The dream of the 1890's is alive at Farmacy. This place is truly a hipster magnet. 1890's beards, home-pickled vegetables, big giant eyeglasses, drinks served from mason jars, peeling vintage paint, even handlebar mustaches abound. Fortunately, the food is good. The menu is simple and focused. The star of the meal was the "egg in a bowl," a simply, perfectly cooked egg in a ramekin with what tasted like bread made from pancake batter. The wasabi Bloody Mary was a delight, replete with pickled carrots and onions. The pickles had a distinct taste of cardamom that added to the Bloody Mary. Also, the Pee Wee sandwich was great.There were a few misses: The sausage-stuffed pickled peppers were meh, and the Farmacy plate was just okay. I have two rules about unfamiliar restaurants:1. If a particular food is in the name of the restaurant, order that food.2. If a particular menu item is named after the restaurant, order that item.In this case, rule #2 failed me. Another big miss: This place is small, crowded, and loud. Wife and I were sandwiched between two groups that really wanted to hear each other over the crowd, and they were successful. We, on the other hand, were less so.Overall, I'd say this would be a *fantastic* place to go for breakfast or lunch, especially if the weather is nice and you can sit outside.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,5/12/2012,310,185,8,10,11>If they did nothing but roast great beans, they would still rock.Anderson's, your Italian Espresso beans, fresh-roasted, with their intoxicating aroma, rich flavor and the thick golden crema they deliver to the top of my demitasse, along with your wonderful little store from another age and helpful, friendly staff has me sworn off that bargain 2 pound package of "Kirkland Dark Roast" from Costco, no matter how much cheaper it seems.Cool beans.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,5/11/2012,58,139,5,7,5>Studio Tilee is made up of two awesome sisters who work really well together. Laura gave me the best color job I've ever had (ask for the Ombre look!). I only docked them a star because they're in a temporary location that happens to be a little chaotic. Once they get settled into their new space, this will become a 5 star rating. I'm so glad I found hair stylists I can trust!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,5/10/2012,111,114,6,7,6>If you hadn't heard, Emily B. got hitched!  She and Smokin' Joe were wed at the end of September and it was loverly.  You could say it was a #beautifulwedding.  The morning of, Smokin' Joe's super cool mother treated some of us ladies to a great brunch at Olivia.  I have always wanted to eat there but never wanted to pay my own money, so this was a true gift.We were all super wedding-focused and excited as we ordered our blood orange mimosas and freshly squeezed orange juice.  Our waiter was hilariously polite and accomodating.  I hate to say it, but I enjoyed being thanked for placing my order or asking for more water.  "I like being thanked," as Homer Simpson would say.My eggs florentine was delicious but I felt gross after polishing it off.  I'm not dinging them for that....I have my own demons to battle.  My only wish is that they could have offered more light options for their brunch menu.  I guess that's why I typically don't do brunch.  It's just a recipe for a nap afterwards.I want to check out their bar and patio scene!  I hope everyone thanks me for anything I do there...No, no, no...thank YOU, Olivia :)
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,5/9/2012,224,413,5,7,8>There is a lot to like about Braise, starting with the beautiful art adorning all the walls, by Cuban artist and owner of Cuban dog gallery, Luis Abreaux. Apparently the owner loves him so much he had to open Braise when he ran out of wall space in his home. We had purchase a groupon for a prix fixe dinner for two. I am certainly glad I did. I had the crab cakes and liked them. My husband had sashimi tuna and said it was really good. I also had some really nice Chardonnay I'll refer to as the boo chardonnay because it had a very French beaux type name I can no longer remember but couldn't really pronounce anyway. We both had the Osso Bucco which came with hollandaise, crab meat and asparagus. All the flavors melted perfectly together. We finished the meal with amazing bread pudding. We had to actually leave a few bites so were able to drive home rather then enter a food coma of fullness and happiness. The place itself is casual  quirky. The bathroom is behind the wall down a warehouse type hallway. We had an early reservation at 6:30 and showed up about 5 minutes late as we got lost for a moment. Our  service was great, from busy boy to host to waiter. They all worked together as a team and we felt dotted on with out being harassed. The chef did come out and he was as charming and down to earth as his food. This place is a little out of my price range but If they run a Groupon again , I will be buying as many as I can.   Braise, keep on keeping on.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2011,5/8/2012,160,162,7,14,9>Maybe we came on an off night. That's it. I'm going to convince myself that my friends and I came on an off night, to justify these fabulous reviews of this place; reviews of which I trust. My friends and I came on a Monday, an amazing all day happy hour night, where we got multiple bottles of wine, each at a $10 off discount. Law school was starting in 2 days, and damn it, we were going to drink. But I dunno. This place left a very sour taste in my mouth. Maybe I was expecting too much. But the service was off, idiosyncratic and at times snotty. (I mean this guy gave one of my friends sass because she suggested the waiter move two tables together so the four of us could sit down.) Get. Over. Yourself. And don't think Apothecary that I didn't notice that we were gypped on our Nachos. The table next to us? Got a Nacho TOWER, twice the size of ours. And they ordered theirs 15 minutes after we ordered ours. And they got theirs first.But maybe I'm just whining. After all, you can get American Airlines miles for dining at this place, and putting the tab on your credit card. And who doesn't love a free flight? I will be back. I have to give this place another chance... Just not now.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,5/7/2012,277,405,7,13,7>Do you see me holding my megaphone - well I am-- so open your eyes, get your car keys, fill up your gas tank, and go for a ride to Taqueria land. I am letting everyone know I finally found the real taco Taqueria place. I was bored so I grabbed my phone hit yelp and searched for places within 25 miles. I read the reviews and immediately went on a taco adventure. I don't think I have said OMG whether out loud or in my head in regards to food so many times in a short span. The food is perfect and straight from inner Mexico City. The pastor tacos are wonderful. The Fundidos with everything and chorizo will leave you crying for more more more. What are you waiting for. Who cares if they are by the lake and you're downtown. It's worth it. It's real and I am planning my next visit really really soon!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,5/5/2012,989,456,21,21,21>What do a magician, a shirtless Barack Obama impersonator, and a practically nude Rick Perry have in common? If you answered "Nathan's Weekly Poker Night", you would be absolutely correct. However, I would also accept "What to expect during a show at Esther's Follies."I received a call, seemingly out of the blue from a guy named John. Obviously, we were friends, as he had my number, invited me to hang out, and mentioned how much he's been enjoying reading my reviews. On my side, however, I had absolutely not one clue which "John" this was. You can insert the requisite Nathan-As-A-Prostitute joke here, if you'd like. Seriously though, was this Brian's roommate John? An old hookup John? A guy-I-met-at-Charlie's-in-a-blackout-and-said-I'd-­go-out- with-him-John? I figured to hell with it--I'll meet him at Rusty's and be surprised.It ended up being my friend John C., who I hadn't seen or heard from in a long time, but at least I could breathe a sigh of relief. He had said we could make it to the Thursday 8:00 show at Esther's if we played our cards right. As soon as we walked in, we spoke with the woman up front and she said there were a couple extra seats for us to slip into, as the show had just begun. John C. knows the musical director (and he's a Facebook friend of mine), and apparently a few of the staff were already familiar with who I was as well (which I just *adore*).I kept thinking, even as I got situated, how in God's name I'd never been here before. As an Austinite and man about town, I'll admit I was ashamed and embarrassed that I'd never made it to see this amazing, completely hilarious show. Thankfully, those days are over. The show is fast paced and high energy for the entire run. It's a smart, sassy, and sharp amalgamation of current political humor, celebrity barbs, plenty of suggestive and not-so-suggestive innuendo, and just plain silliness. Austinites especially can relate to the humor derived from traffic on I-35, or cruising singles at the flagship Whole Foods. Skits may change frequently to keep up with pop culture, but all of them are entertaining.Anchoring the show is the extremely talented Ray Anderson, whose magic tricks were mesmerizing for such an intimate stage. He'll saw a woman in half, impale himself on a spike, and shoot a puppy through a window. You'll of course be asking "How the hell did he do that?" more than once. Plus, he's freaking hilarious, both in his facial expressions and his repartee with the audience. If you're passing by on 6th Street and look into the stage, you have just become a player in one of my favorite parts of the show: Ray's quips about the public, especially the sartorially challenged or the awkward among them. Example: three nerdy looking guys = "Oh, look, it's the entire UT math club". Snappy observations like that amuse me to no end. There is one intermission, and fear not smokers: Esther's outdoor "grotto" is available to allow you that cigarette break. If you sit in the front, expect to be a magician's assistant, and if you're a guy, you may have to take your shirt off. Just saying.I can also imagine it'd be a great place for a first date, especially with its proximity to 6th Street or any other dinner/drink spot in downtown Austin. It'll break the ice and give you something to talk about, that's for sure.Esther's is the perfect venue to take your out-of-town friends and family, as it sums up the laid back, "Keep Austin Weird" vibe in one fabulous package of showmanship.I haven't laughed that hard at a performance in a long time. I'm kind of a bitch like that. Amusing me to that end may have been Ray and Esther's greatest magic trick of all... 5 Stars!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,5/4/2012,315,239,7,13,14>I guess I have to lead by saying I'm a tree-hugging, Prius-driving greenie.  I actually live in an earth-sheltered home (it's underground, just like in The Hobbit). It makes my heart super happy to spend my hard-earned dollars at a business that strives to run a green enterprise, and that is why I adore Simplicity Wine & Eats.The decor is primarily industrial, something like a converted garage. Not necessarily all the way attractive, but it does remind one that these guys are serious about a low waste operation. To break up the cold hard surfaces, they've added a couple of sofas, so there is still a comfy place to lounge if you don't want to perch on a barstool or conference chair. Speaking of low waste, all of the dishes, utensils, bottles, etc. are recycled or compostable. Simplicity even brags that they are a "100+ seat restaurant that only produces 3 bags of landfill trash per week."  Impressive. The food menu is, well, simple.  There are just 17 savory dishes & 3 desserts served tapas style, with no plate priced more than $7.50 (bacon-wrapped quail breast over grits) and most around $5-$6. The place seems to me more like a bar that offers food than a full-on restaurant; I probably wouldn't come here for a special meal, but the offerings work great for pairing with the wine. The spinach artichoke dip was delicious! I had a lovely time at Simplicity, chatting with friends over a couple bottles of wine, and somehow my portion of the bill at the end of the night was less than $20 (including tip). Sweet!Also nice: --excellent, friendly service--outdoor seating areas both at the front and the rear of the place--super cheap Tue-Fri HH w/ 15% off bottled wine, *every* wine at $5/glass, beer at $5 pitchers & $2 pints/bottles, and 1/2 off apps--several gluten free and vegan options marked on the menu--French press coffee--local artists' work displayed on the walls--north of 45th street!Know before you go:--opens at 4p (3p on Sundays)--closed Monday--extra parking in back
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,5/3/2012,214,72,23,21,20>UCHIKO RUINED MY LIFE. Allow me to explain.Something happens to a man once he's been exposed to Uchiko's unparalleled cuisine and service. Suddenly, all of the moderately priced restaurants he used to frequent become a financial impediment to his next dinner at a Tyson Cole eating establishment.Spending six bucks for two breakfast tacos is like throwing away a serving of crispy, lemon-chili brussels sprouts. One pound of freshly-cut Applegate deli meat is just a few dollars shy of precisely-sliced maguro sashimi topped with goat cheese, fuji apple, pumpkin seed oil and black pepper. And my doctor's office copay is just a waste of the wagyu beef shortrib special.Similar to when So You Think You Can Dance judges cry after a moving performance, my cheeks were moistened by tears of pure enjoyment as I dove chopstick first into the symphony of flavors. (Yes, I watch SYTYCD. Want to fight about it?) After a somewhat disappointing meal at Jeffrey's and several fine-dining establishments in San Francisco, I was beginning to wonder if exorbitant menu prices were based on arbitrary appraisals or if my palate was just too unsophisticated for gourmet food. From the atmosphere to the amuse-bouche, I can honestly say Uchiko is worth every penny (even if I didn't have a $125 gift card to get me started).As amazing as every one of the ten-or-so dishes tasted, I would have never known what to order without the help of our infinitely knowledgeable server. He was less of a waiter and more of a dinner aggregator. With just a few parameters, this customer service computer provided us with the ideal combination of sushi, veggies, protein and sweets. Speaking of sweets, biting into the fried milk pastries made me emit a sound similar to Meg Ryan's in When Harry Met Sally. I read an interview with Tyson Cole where he stressed the importance of paying a little extra for quality, especially when it comes to dessert. Hiring an executive pastry chef proves that Mr. Cole is no hypocrite. The Lady's only complaint was the lack of Paul Qui in the kitchen. Although I too was hoping to see my (and every Austinites') favorite Top Chef contestant, I didn't consider it a disappointment. I choose to see it as an excuse to avoid grocery shopping, dental procedures and food trailers in order to enjoy an Uchiko encore; with Paul Qui as the conductor.Side Note: Paul is currently in THIRD PLACE in the Top Chef Fan Favorite poll. This is a travesty. Click this link (bravotv.com/live-vote/to) and get our lone star 10,000 more dollars. Not that he needs it. He's the Roger Federer of Top Chef records.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/2/2012,461,645,18,29,22>Yumé Burger  made their debut at South Austin Brewing's grand opening this past Saturday. I don't eat burgers often but I loved everything about the JapaJam burger and it was definitely worth the indulgence! It is one of the the best burgers I have tasted with flavor combinations that my taste buds had yet to experience. The JapaJam has a lightly sweet Japanese tomato jam under the all beef burger.  Then it is topped with jack cheese, a fried egg, tangy Japanese BBQ sauce with the slightest hint of vinegar and onion strings. The bun was soft and of good quality. I found a hiding place where I could devour this beast like a HANGRY heathen. The food was so delicious that I ate it embarrassingly fast and I must say that I have never been so happy to have egg on my face!Today I returned to Yumé Burger for their soft launch at Hops & Grain. I ordered the Oishii burger which is a tempura whitefish with wasabi slaw and Japanese tartar sauce & pickles. The creamy slaw, tartar and pickles perfectly complimented the crisp fish.  They use Hops & Grains beer in the tempura batter and the Oishii pairs well with their Kolsch.I tried both the hand cut fries with sesame salt and without. The sesame salt fries were decent but just not my thing. I preferred the regular finely cut fries with the pink sauce. You can order a dipping sauce to accompany the regular hand cut fries to include Japanese BBQ sauce, wasabi mayo and pink sauce. The burgers  (which also includes chicken katsu and Oishii menu items) are a good sized portion and priced pretty well at $5.55. They also offer discounted combo meals.Eric Silverstein, also owner of The Peached Tortilla, greeted customers and sought out honest feedback.  When I talked with him on Saturday he said he was looking to capture influences of food he had growing up in Japan and bring something unique to Austin.  I predict Eric will see the same success with Yumé Burger as he has with The Peached Tortilla.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,5/1/2012,704,840,13,25,22>The entire night was a symphony of exquisite surprises. We sat at the bar and Jeff was our guide as we worked our way through the medley of offerings on the menu. Chef/Owner Brice Gilmore served as conductor between two talented sous chefs as the orchestration of offerings were prepared.  Gilmore stirred, touched, tasted and sauteed food items while the others were at his side, chopping, blending, mixing, creating sauces and tending to finishing touches.  Our feast began with a delicious plating of black eyed pea fritters, tomatoes and grilled okra. A rhythmic offering of beer battered zucchini, mussels, arugula and basil dressing followed. Service here is impeccable. Every member of the staff is friendly and helpful. The beer and wine list is surprisingly extensive and hubby indulged in several unique brews while I sipped my Malbec and stuffed my face. One of the chalk board specials, featuring huge tender scallops, tomatillos, tiny baby tomatoes and a tangy dressing was my favorite savory plate of the night.  I was not as passionate about the cod and potatoes but my partner in dining ate the entire serving.  However, the grilled wagyu with onion puree and grit cakes sang to me.Don't be surprised if your neighbor offers you a bite of her sweetbreads. Sharing is part of the fun at Barley Swine. The grand finale, a smoked pecan fudge bar with a crunchy sweet bottom layer, toasted lumps of marshmallow, cocoa nibs, and salted caramel ice cream, was miraculous.  Sweet and salty flavors blended into a harmonious song that serenaded me all the way home.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,4/30/2012,204,582,6,7,6>Wow. Could not believe this was trailer food. Also could not believe they had something I could eat!I'm on a pretty restricted diet and eating out has been a bit difficult. My boyfriend was picking up food to go and told the staff what I could and could not eat. I wound up with grilled tuna steak (in pieces) on top of a fresh crunchy slaw/salad, covered in siracha.So much flavor, all kinds of textures... almost perfect; the only thing missing was an avocado to manage the heat.Helluva a deal for $7.(Looking at the menu it turns out I've been here before. I had the meat kabob which was pretty good. But I particularly remember the mini potatoes wrapped in bacon with aioli = awesome. Especially with beer.)
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,4/29/2012,19,77,5,6,8>Self serve frozen yogurt is one of the greatest things ever invented in my personal opinion. I have been to around 5 different shops around town now, never particularly enjoying one above another, until a few days ago. When you walk into Berry Austin you are immediately bombarded with the walls covered in stuff. Its all just recycled junk, but arranged into a beautiful collage.  They have a ton of flavors, my personal favorite being cake batter, and then they have a ton of toppings. The price is pretty good, its 44 cents an ounce if I remember correctly, and its worth every penny. When you sit down there is even more stuff inside of your table. They have fun little eye spy games for you to play, like find the armadillo at seat 2. Its pretty amusing.This place is fantastic, fun, cute, clean, delicious, and affordable. If you love frozen yogurt and haven't been here, go, now.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,4/28/2012,232,273,8,13,11>So they say that Disney World is the happiest place on earth, well I think whoever said that has never been to Lush! The wonderfully intoxicating aroma that fills the entire store and wafts out onto the sidewalks are enough to get you high and make you feel like you're in the Magic Kingdom. Too much too see, not enough time. Take it from a longtime Lushie.  Check out the website first. Write down a list of the things you would like to see. Set aside 1 hour, and the knowledgeable sales reps will take care of the rest.  Lush is incredibly creative with their products which are always revolving. It's crazy how many products they can make into a solid from a liquid that you would never think should be a solid. Some examples are their solid shampoo and conditioning bars, which are bars of cleaning shampoo that lather up when you wet them or get creamy for conditioning to apply to your hair. They also have solid toothpaste called toothy tabs. Chew tablet, don't swallow, wet brush, and scrub.  There is also solid massage oil/ lotion that are called massage bars. Rub the bar between your hands, and your body heat begins to melt the bar to rub on desired areas. Ladies and Gents, this is definitely an aphrodisiac if you're looking for something different! The way to your partner's heart might be through their back with a massage bar! The bubble bar is another solid invention that most have known to have come in a liquid form. But you won't find this being squeezed from some cartoon character's head; it's a small bar that will instantly create bubbles when you stick it under running water. Cut bar into 3 or 4 pieces to get several uses out of one bar or just pinch some off of the end as water is running over it. Finally, there is something called body butter which is a solid square of lotion to use while you're in the shower. Yup, I said lotion. Wash your body, rinse, then step away from direct water contact from shower head and rub the bar to wet skin. Oooh, its super moisturizing! Some even have coffee grounds or nuts to exfoliate your skin as you're rubbing the bar so you might want to lightly rinse again. Finally, there's even solid perfume. It looks like oversized chapstick that you just rub onto your skin. Did I mention that Lush has reusable tins to store your items since they don't have packaging which is eco friendly since it cuts down on waste. These solid items make it easier to travel on an airplane since your perfume; lotion, shampoo/ conditioner, and toothpaste aren't considered liquids. There are regular body creams, shower gels, and face/ hair products to check out. The friendly staff will be happy to spend time with you to demo products on you to assist which is the right product for your skin/ hair type. If you are interested in comparing a couple of products but aren't ready to drop the cash, then they will gladly give you small samples to take home to try.More fun products are the shower jellies. Imagine jello jigglers that you can rub on a loofa to make instant rich lather!  Some other luxury purchases are the amazing smelling bath bombs and bath melts! They are packed with essential oils, and other fun surprises in them depending on which one you get that soften your bath water and skin. Their fresh face mask rock and you can easily add stuff to them like sugar or finely chopped almonds for some exfoliating action as well.  Finally they have sugar scrub for your lips which taste delicious and soften your pout. Follow it up with their many lip glosses and tints.Fellas, if your still leery, Lush has a men's line you should try called Dirty.As I have spent hundreds of dollars over the years being a die hard Lushie almost buying every item in the store since 2008, there are a few must have staples for me.1. Dream Cream- good for all skin types and last me at least 5 months.2.  Buffy bar- a body bar exfoliates and moisturizes3.  R&B Hair Serum - repairs and replenishes overworked hair4.  Cold Face- great face wash As others have mentioned, Lush is big on using all natural ingredients and fair trade oils from plants. everything is natural which can leave some funky stuff in your bath tub or sink depending on what you are washing with as some of their grainy exfoliates are either charcoal, rice bits, almonds, sugar, seaweed, flower pedals, steams, salt, etc. Take it as a sign that your bathtub or sink has gone through Lush initiation. If you need a gift for someone, they have a corner of already prewrapped gift sets for all occasions! And I can not rave enough about how superb the customer service is!!! Every time I'm in the store it's like you get the VIP treatment! Incredibly helpful & super friendly, just like all of the character's in Disney World! So who said the happiest place isn't here in Austin?
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,4/27/2012,235,240,5,11,9>400 Rabbits has about 400 awesome things about it. I can't name them all but I can name a few, at least.The drinks. Oh, the drinks. Not being much of a tequila fan in a tequila-concept bar, I found there were a lot of options on non-tequila drinks. Straying from the usual open-bar choices, I got a variety of their specialty cocktails and every one was SO GOOD. I particularly liked the Lotus and the Bloody Mary cocktail (like a bloody mary but served in a martini glass with olive oil - olive oil! weird, right? nope. awesome). We sat at the bar and all of the staff were really friendly and really knew the menu well.Anyway, it's a pretty small bar, but has a lot of seating inside and out and the specialty food items were really good as well.Coming to the new Alamo for a movie? Stop in here for a pre-movie drink or bite - it'll be well worth your wait.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,4/26/2012,154,152,9,11,9>I Love the White Horse! This place has all the things to make it a modern day Gilley's.. minus the punching bag and the mechanical bull. I love the laid back feel of it, the cheap drinks and the awesome music. The White Horse makes you feel welcome and doesn't charge you an arm and a leg to do it. The owners were bar tending and you feel their excitement about their new place being open, its obviously contagious because I didn't see an unhappy customer anywhere! Cheap beer, good staff and great music equals awesome bar. See ya next time White Horse.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,4/25/2012,4221,482,8,15,10>I kinda stumbled over to Imperia looking for a sushi happy hour worth while since I had just found out Kyoto's Downtown was closed down.  What a bummer, now I need a drink to deal with the depression and abrupt change.  It was early, around 5ish, I walked into the place to find a girl named Ashley greet and seat me in the lounge area.  This place has a bit of a hip feel to it, I can dig it.  The music playing was pretty good, a bit faster paced but instrumental.  Thank God no synthesized vocals.  I have never been here and had no idea what to get, but to no avail Ashley had all the angles covered.  She sensed my fickleness and immediately ran down the specials and pointed out a few suggestions:  the Sea Bass Skewers and the Firecracker Shrimp.  Okay, I'll try the Sea Bass for sure, a Yin Yang Chocolate Martini, a Spider Roll, but let's hold off on the shrimp.   My items came out in sequence, the Yin Yang was my first Chocolate Martini ever - - not too shabby, especially for $5.  The Sea Bass was the absolute BOMB!  So awesome that it melted in my mouth like butter, and for $5 I could easily do some inventory damage here.  The Spider Roll was good - - albeit not the best, but respectable.  For the HH price it's reasonable, but I was expecting a tad bit more (quality-wise).This could have easily been a 4-star experience, it was pleasant and nice, the sea bass was awesome and everything else was good.  But what made this 5-stars was the excellent spot-on customer service by Ashley.  This Kristin Cavallari look-a-like was every bit as sassy and cute minus the stuffiness and attitude.  She sensed my fickleness and made a dilligent effort to ensure my time there was well spent with her excellent suggestions - - all of which panned out perfectly.  She was so good that I knew I had to take her up on the Firecracker Shrimp suggestion, which was also quite tasty.  I couldn't eat all of this food - - but Ash says "no problemo", and brings me a take-home box.  I felt like I was Jay Cutler for a moment....kewl beans!I think I'm going to make Imperia a regular part of my weekly HH binge.  Awesome sea bass, well priced cocktails, and a hostess with the mostess named Ashley who will definitely lead you to the promise land.  And we're talking "Happy Hour Heaven", not "The Hills".
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,4/24/2012,315,273,8,11,11>They stole mi corazon with their Fried Brie with Seasonal Fruit Chutney and Mango Margarita on the Rocks.  Dios mio!!!  It's been close to a week and I'm still thinking about it!!! (why do I think about food more than people?)I also had couple other of their Happy Hour Apps including the Beef Picadillo Empanadas and really yummy crab over avocado dish.  Delicious.  But I will ALWAYS have to have the brie.The atmosphere is inviting.  The staff is awesome.  Jennifer, our waitress, was fantastic and came and alerted us when Happy Hour was ending.  I love that.  The bartender mixes some fine drinks and apropos of nothing, he is fine (that's gotta be apropos of something).Another plus, parking was readily available.  Living downtown, that's one thing that puts me off from going some places.  I find the "where do I park" factor to be a great stress.  Not here!!So if you are one of my friends and you want to go somewhere, this is probably going to be where I steer us.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,4/23/2012,739,709,58,44,28>This will be a very useful review.  When me and my grrl decided to try this very weird Austin must-see, must-do event, Chicken Shit Bingo, I read all I could to strategize our day.  All I learned from you Yelpers was to bring cash for Lonestar, how packed it gets, and how absofreakinglutely cool this place is.  So, now, all you ever needed to know about Ginnys:1.  The band inside starts at 4:00, CSB starts at 5:00 no longer at  3:00 as I had been informed, leading us to arrive at 2:00 to an empty bar.  That's ok.  We ordered our $2 Lone Stars, got a .50 bucket of ice,  and staked out our territory, which leads us to:2.  Get there early enough (before 3) and you can get the only shady plot of land in the parking lot, right next to the dumpster and the chicken coop.  This is prized acreage in the Texas heat.  I never once broke a sweat on a 85 degree day.  Course the wind helped, which leads us to:3.  It's very difficult to get a kite up in the parking lot.  Not enough running room and wind is all whirly, which leads us to:4.  You can bring your kids and they will find it very amusing watching stupid adults running up and down the parking lot trying to fly a kite.  And on to:5.  You really should have Carlos R . at all your events.  He IS the party favor (Cuban accent on the second syllable, por favor).  He's always ready to whip out his guitar or congos to play, or in this case he never gave up trying to fly that damn kite.  Oh and he knows Chickenspeak.  Leads me to:6.  I never saw the CSB.  Here's the deal.  The inside filled up fast (probly by 4:30).  The band was great (they have a speaker that plays to the parking lot) and the AC was kickin.  I kept trying to gauge when to go in to buy my bingo ticket.  They only open this up right before the bingo.  The first time I went in I was too late.  The second time, I went in at 5:30, 5:40, 5:45 and then when they announced tix were on sale, suddenly there was a line of about 20 folks already ahead of me.  I quickly decided it was much more fun to be outside playin dominos with my peeps than waiting for chicken shit:  Reminds me:7.  An 8 yr old can do better domino math than a drunk 35 yr old.  Also:8.  You can bring your dogs that may or may not find the chickens fascinatin.9.  There's an old cowboy that sets up to sing acoustic outside at about 3:00.  He was doin some great golden oldies honkey tonk (Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, etc).  Hubby decided to buy his $10 CD.  Wasn't til he sat down that we did a double take.  Yup that was the ole coot on the front, but WTF music was this???  "Please Pass the P*$$y", "I Wish I Had a Twat", "Greezin Up Ole Stanky".  Yeah that Freddie's a creepy f*$#ker.  Best piece of advice: DON'T BUY THAT DAMN CD!  Hubby was trying to decide if it would be in poor taste to put it back in the box and take his $10 back.  Figure Freddie's probly packin too, so we kept it.10.  Most useful info:  What to bring:  table, chairs, koozies, dominos, cards, Scattegories, whiskey, sweet tea vodka, kites (or not), dogs, kids, cowboy hats, sunscreen, camera, friends, and a great attitude.Oddest thing is, we coulda done all of that in my own back yard (well, minus the chicken coop and the creepy cowboy), but it's just much cooler at Ginny's.  I've had a word with the chickens.  I'll be back for some of that winning shit.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,4/22/2012,184,302,5,16,15>One of the top dining experiences I've had in Austin, and competes strongly for one of the most creative, delicious dinners I've had in memory.From the amuse bouche to coffee and dessert, The Carillon delivered in spades.Setting the scene, it was a dinner to celebrate the 24th anniversary of our wedding.  Sitting across the table from me was a beautiful woman, the mother of my children, and quite literally the person who saved my life and made it meaningful.  Hell, I could be fed dog shit and still think that I'm the luckiest man in the world because of her.But dog shit was not the order of the day.  Quite the opposite.The first and most impactful impression I have a day later is how creative their menu is.  While they have a few standard items of fare, almost all have a twist or new approach.We both opted for the three course meal - a steal at $48 per.  That gets you two items from their Hot/Cold Appetizers and Salads options, and one entree.  The best part is that we could both pick freely and know that we'll get to try a bunch of different things.I opted for their version of a garden salad, and the creativity jumped out and smacked me in the face.  The server had told us "Our garden salad is not what you expect, it's a terrine, not a leafy salad."  Intrigued, I went for it.What arrived was as artistic as it was delicious.  Like an impressionist painting on a plate, there were a bunch of different textures and colors, including five small cubes of gelatin containing tiny tomatoes.  Absolutely fantastic, like no salad I had ever eaten.  It almost was like eating a fruit salad, but it was savory not sweet.  Home run number one.Actually, the salad was home run number two, because the amuse bouche they brought me was a small shot of cream of mushroom soup with bacon.  Oh yeah, it was goooooooooood.  Veek got a small spoon of hamachi poke, which had a sublime spice and fruit finish.For my appetizer, I followed Gabriel's advice and tried the foie gras/crack.  Ummm, holy hell that was good.  Paired with a piece of French Toast (yep, that's what i said) and some dates with a sweet sauce, that stuff was unreal.  Seared outside, creamy and delicate inside, man oh man I'm still thinking about it.  For my main dish, I went with what I considered a traditional meal - the tenderloin.  What was not standard is the preparation - they call it an "olive oil poached tenderloin", and when I asked our knowledgeable server about the preparation, it piqued my interest enough to try it.  Good call, Jack.The steak was perfectly cooked to medium rare - they sear it first, they cook it in 175 degree olive oil for a decent amount of time.  The result is not oily at all, but instead a uniformly cooked medium rare tender pillow of meat heaven.  Sitting on a bed of fingerling potato puree, I could not have been more pleased.The theme here is professional service, creative and artistically-presented dishes, and finally, someone who has figured out appropriate portions.  Each course brought taste sensations, where you always felt that you had enough food but not so much that you felt stuffed afterwards.  Remarkable and commendable.Besides our excellent server, we had a visit from the manager and the executive chef during our meal.  They came out to chat, and also to give us congratulations on our anniversary, which was very nice.  It was funny - but indicative of their professionalism - that when they brought out a dessert for us as a gift (sweet gesture), they had written "Happy 24th Anniversary", not just "Happy Anniversary".  We had only mentioned the number of years once, to our server, in passing, but he remembered.  A small gesture perhaps, but still made an impression on us.This place achieves an interesting dichotomy - its right in the middle of campus, a veritable beehive of activity, but it's kind of hidden.  A true hidden gem of Austin, The Carillon needs to find a way to get the word out about what they're doing.FYI, diners at the restaurant can park in the garage for free, they validate your ticket, saving you nine bucks.All in all, we had an absolutely wonderful - let's say perfect - dinner together at The Carillon.  Top notch all around - service, taste, presentation - you name it.Thank you to everyone at The Carillon for making our special evening memorable.  You'll see our smiling faces back soon.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,4/21/2012,235,378,8,10,9>We recently tried the four Lockhart BBQ joints.  This is an imperfect rating system.  There were only 2 of us, so all we tried at each place was a slice of fatty/moist brisket and a beef rib.  No pork ribs, no sausage, no sides.  I rounded up or down depending on what side of the .5 they were on.  Kruetz-3.75Friendliness-3Ambiance-4Brisket-4Rib-4Sauce-n/aThis was the last stop heading out.  Like Smitty's there is a smoke room you order from in the back and another room where you can get drinks and whatnot.  The older woman at the register was friendly, and overall the meats were very good.  The thing about Kruetz is there is no sauce.  I'm a girl who likes to get sauced, and so while the meats were tender and flavorful, I was left wanting more.  They did have some hot sauce on the table, but nope-not cutting it.  I want barbeque sauce.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,4/20/2012,431,381,13,12,12>So I walked in with an Orange Julius in hand, spandex and jean-jacket on my bod, and a pocketful of quarters.  One quarter bought me a good twenty seconds of joy because my hand-eye coordination sucked that much.  "Beat It" played from the radio, and everyone yelled  "Radical!" every time they killed all the ghosts on Pac-Man.That was 1983.  Not much has changed today, except for the music, fashion, verbiage, technology, and prices.Okay, so EVERYTHING has changed, but that doesn't mean you can't have a good ol' fashioned time at Pinballz.I've been thrice now, most recently a couple of nights ago.  Spent almost the whole time looking around for the many band-themed pinball machines I'd seen during my first trip.  Only found two after all that searching (Kiss, and The Who's Tommy).  After spending a few tokens on those, I went for the easiest machine in the place -- the candy-claw machine.  Twenty-five cents gets you as many turns necessary to grab some sugar.  Yeah, I know I'm a diabetic, but it's good to have some candy around just in case of hypoglycemia, or in case I have an I-don't-give-a-flying-funk moment.  Problem was, my token got me jack shit Wednesday night.  What I mean is, I didn't even get one turn; it stole my token like a greedy little bastard."Fuck you, then," I said as I happened upon a machine at which you put in a token as a wheel of various ticket values are churning by, hoping you time the token-drop right and hit the highest value.  I hit 75 tickets on my first try, so I got all orgasmic about it and wanted to do it again.  Put in my second token, but the machine got ED -- Ejectile Dysfunction.  It kept returning my token to me instead of using it.  Cheated me of a second ticket-gasm, it did, like a greedy lover.Several of the Atari-themed games were out of order, which I think perfectly sums up the '80s: game over.Two of the four Skeeball machines were also out of order, but I managed to keep myself happy with one of the other Skeeball machines, while Amber D challenged me at the other operable machine.I typically can't stay interested in video games for hours on end like I could when I was a kid, but I'm a Skeeball whore, so I easily coughed up the rest of my tokens there.  Pinballz has this big ol' prize machine, so you don't necessarily have to go up to the counter and talk to someone to trade your tickets for trinkets.  This machine is perfect for those select few antisocial gamers who leave their parents' basements once in a blue moon to waste their allowance money.The machine requires you to input your tickets.  It counts said tickets, and then you can choose to rotate an area of the machine with a ticket value you can afford, until you see a prize with which you can live.  So it's kinda like a sammich vending machine.  I had 100 tickets, and everything looked cheap and overpriced, as you might imagine.  This is another reason I long for the '80s:  I was so young and stupid, I didn't realize just how cheap and overpriced those gadgets were.  Would love it if you could trade your tix for snacks and beverages, which would give them more of a reason to apply for a beer/wine license.I chose some random jelly-like ring that I didn't give a shit about at all until Whitney F pressed it and made it flash like fireworks.  I'd had enough beer to drink at that point that the ring became the greatest thing ever for the rest of the night.  It's just lucky no one around me had a seizure disorder.Will say, though, that I developed a bit of trader's remorse when I spotted a whoopie cushion at the actual ticket counter that cost 100 tickets.  But, that's okay; I already have a whoopie cushion somewhere that I'd gotten from Dave & Busters years ago.  I have no idea where it is in the bottomless pit of my house, but at least I still know where my fireworks ring is... for now.So, Pinballz can be fun if you're hanging out with people you like.  And if their machines are working properly.  Truth be told, I find each time I go that more and more of their machines are on the fritz.  But, the employees take you at your word and refund you if you report that a greedy machine stole your precious tokens.  I didn't report any machines the other night because I'd gotten alllll of my tokens for free.  Because I'm special like that, and certain people like me.You may be hard-pressed to see a flashy chick with crimped hair, blue eyeshadow, leg warmers, and an over-sized sweatshirt hanging off one shoulder -- unless you run into me on select Mondays -- but you can be almost assured of having a *radical* hour or two at Pinballz.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/19/2012,421,256,11,19,15>'I'm building my tree house here.'Otherwise dubbed as Special Place Stair Master x9000, the previously working ranch area River Place is nestled in one of the ritziest housing/McMansion developments I'm aware of in west Austin. Parking is along the street but it stretches for miles (we measured) so there is plenty of it for your cars.The 3.5 mile long trail (7 if you double back) is predominantly north-south and super narrow most of the time, i.e. bicyclists would not survive. With a net 1800 ft. elevation gain, how could they? Where there is a deviating path about half a mile from the southern trail head's entry point, there is also a smartly placed map - right at the fork! For directionally challenged folks like me, when I do not have my Jeep's compass telling me where I'm going nor do I have Scout Sense, this was a huge help. If you plan to cover the whole distance, I'd recommend giving yourself a full, longer-than-a-few-hours afternoon to trek the entire trail and back to your car. Otherwise, bringing two cars, parking one at the trail head and the other at the exit is a very very very good idea. If you're not used to hiking all the time and take this non-stop you will most likely need a resting period before starting back on the trail to its point of entry. For this rest, I recommend bringing PLENTY WATER and a reasonably energizing snack. Sandwiches are nice.Various river crossings, plenty of shade and a clearly marked path made the experience much easier to lead your hiking buddy/ies into the depths of Special Forest without much worryin' on their part. Vantage points were many and pretty fantastic, as were a few small rock formations folks decided to participate in. I contributed to one near the northern exit just for fun. Stretch.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/18/2012,112,77,26,16,21>It's no accident that this is my 69th review. I wanted the subject to be sexy. But a married straight girl reviewing a gay bar... Sexy? In a word, yes. It's the only intersection between me and sexy that will occur in this review, because at Rain the Boys Reign, sometimes in quiet grace and sometimes in loud and proud style but always in that famous Austin friendly style. There are also some lesbian gurls, some fag hags, some bachelorette party girls (girls,  respect the etiquette rules--google it)... And then there are a few like me, who want to j-j-j- just dance and have fun with a bit of decadent debauchery.  I don't go here often; otherwise I'd probably feel a bit guilty filling up the place with my uselessness. In my defense, I do bring my husband who is hawt eye candy no matter who is doing the looking ;) This is helpful for getting drink service faster since he does the ordering. Hey, I may be straight but I ain't toopid. Speaking of drinks, they are always spot on with the pour---not weak nor too strong. Rain is  crowded (except early on karaoke night) but it's never been a problem finding a spot to dance. If it is, then just hold onto the surrounding railing, a pole in the corner or hop into one of the nearly always empty cage platforms, lol--careful tho it's trickier getting down than it is getting up there. The music thumps out the standard GaGa, Brittney, Katy Perry, Kesha, etc and the slightly raised dance floor consists of translucent tiles with rainbow color lights shining from underneath. Not always the sharpest knife in the drawer, I did a double take the first time I went to the ladies room. I do believe I was the only girl in there so I thought I went to the wrong bathroom. I walked back out, looked at the sign, and then felt my stupidity hit me like a brick wall. Doh! And, Yes, there *might* be some hooking up that happens in there but I've never had a problem getting to a potty before peeing my pants. I've heard there is a patio where one can smoke, and I've heard there are booths in the front room but I wouldn't know and this honey badger don't give a chit...Like I said I j-j-j-just dance.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/17/2012,211,223,6,13,14>thanks a lot, sao paulo.  because of you i now have to add "learn portugese" to my bucket list.  your food and your music compel me to do this, it's out of my control.why had it taken us so long to get here? it's because i had always heard it was tiny, that waits were inevitable, and honestly we're not down by the university all that often.  sao paulo may change that last one.we arrived about 7:45 on a thursday night.  the place was lively and bustling, and the music alluring.   we were greeted by melba with nothing short of enthusiasm, and shown right to a table.here's what we ate:for the app we went with coxinha - tasty little fried pastries with a delicious spicy minced chicken inside - revealing not a drop of oil.  i love when places can fry stuff and not make me overly aware of the fact that it's been fried.for the entree, we went loco for bobo.  it was, simply, fantastic - no surprise why it's a chronicle winner.even with drinks and dessert we still came out with a very reasonable tab.bem feito, sao paulo!!!!!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,4/16/2012,155,309,11,19,24>When we rolled up into Icenhauer's this past Saturday night (after ODtF), as I was looking to suprsise my wife (Rachel) by taking her to some new/cool places about town. She was not familiar with this area, AND since we wheeled up and Valet'd - this was new to her indeed!Although it was only 8:30p, the buzz was evident at Icenhauer's as a Birthday party was in full swing when we arrived. The buzz was provided by the DJ on the back patio (spinning great 70's/80's music on V-I-N-Y-L  yo!) and an extra bar set up in the back yard to deal with the thirsty masses. The Mrs. started the night with 'the Jennifer' which is a cucumber infused Hendrick's gin with lime juice. This drink was probably her fave. I began with 'the Sarah' - which was a logical choice as I am a FAN of the Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka. Their version added some Blue Moon white ale as an inventive and tasty touch. Yummm.We planted ourselves in some comfy chairs in a back corner of the yard for some GREAT people watching and conversation with a stellar backdrop of cool temps and low humidity. Rachel was smitten with this place - and frankly - who isn't? This place is HOTT because of the combination of clean modern lines, openness in design, low lighting and the warmly updated decor. It all works well here to give you that ambiance...that vibe - if you will. I wrapped the night with 'the Katie' which contained 'ginger and lime infused Tito's vodka + fresh squeezed lime juice and topped off with ginger beer'.  RJ's nightcap was 'the emily' = Tito's vodka, muddled strawberries, basil infused syrup, and splash of fresh lemon juice'. She was delighted with the less sugary taste delivered by this muddled concoction. Both were ideal for sippin', talkin', chillaxin'.All in all, Icenhauer's equation works for me, as it just reeks of wicked freaking coolness. Just add high-end cocktails, some friends and you've got something special!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,4/15/2012,55,110,10,9,7>If you ask for your food "hot" kindly be prepared for it to be 'slap your second cousin twice removed' hot. Seriously you will hunt them down in West Virginia or somewhere just to slap them after eating this food. I think they have a thing about proving that white kid spicy is not Indian food spicy. I love spicy and I thought I loved Indian food spicy but I will finally admit that I'm too much of a white girl to handle TRUE Indian food spicy.OK I'm now officially humbled and shamed by my heritage (especially the part about having some family in W. VA... ) So even despite burning all my taste buds off I was impressed. Make sure you order the Thali- (pronounced with a silent h). It adds soo much value to your meal for $3. Seriously I ate this take out order for 4 days.  I've been to the buffet once and was not impressed. Also the naan is weird. It almost tasted like a really heavy laddling of dosa dough- kind of sour and doughy. I'm thinking stick with the parathas. Lamb is great, muttar paneer is good, sambar is great all thali options were stellar. Can you tell I'm a fan of the thali's? Can you? I'm all riled up after smacking my cousin.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,4/14/2012,118,78,6,10,7>Come on you negative nancys... when a restaurant has only been open for a week and a half, you have to give it time to work out the kinks as far as food and service goes!  If six months from now, the service and menu has not appropriately adapted; then we can talk about it.As for my experience, I came in for a late Saturday lunch on New Year's Eve.  Although the cafe was very busy, we got a seat immediately.  I love the large windows here, they fill the space with the perfect amount of spacious sunshine.  Service was attentive and friendly but not overbearing. As far as food goes, we tried the tofu banh mi and the mushroom bun.  Both were tasty and paired well with our light and crisp Champagne and Lillet Blanc punch.  What truly made me swoon was the Pineapple Tart Tartine... flaky, buttery, crispy layers... everything you expect out of a perfect pastry.  Also, I couldn't help but greedily eye the pistachio eclair the table next to me ordered.  I definitely can't wait to cozy up to the bar here for breakfast and try some more pastries, perhaps with a Vietnamese coffee!  So much potential in this little spot!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,4/13/2012,218,275,4,9,8>I am addicted to this place!I got a Groupon deal for 5 classes and so far I've been to 2 (Level 1 and 2) and it is the BEST workout I've had in a long time.  I work out almost everyday but trust me when I say that you will use muscles you never knew existed.Level 1 was pretty basic but the tricks and spins the instructor showed us in Level 2 were insane.  I was horrible but I'm determined to get good because the class is so fun!  The instructors are all very down to earth along with the students and I didn't feel shy at all. The only bad thing about this place is that sometimes the classes are overbooked and you have to share a pole which cuts the 1 hour class down to 30 minutes but my last instructor did say that more classes would be available very soon.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,4/12/2012,46,118,8,10,10>What do I LOVE about Pablito's? Let me spell it out for you...L is for the light, crisp and perfectly sugary churros that melt in your mouthO equals the obsessively good breakfast tacos with the freshest tortillas and filler ingredients (egg, potato and sausage are my favorites) that cost about a buck each AND the awesome salsas you can drizzle onV spotlights the large variety of other fresh breads, pastries and Mexican drinks, including cool, tall bottles of Coca-Cola ClassicE sends kudos to the efficient and friendly service from a family-owned business"If that ain't love then I don't know what love is."
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/11/2012,74,79,12,11,8>As I've said before, we're building a house. This accounts for the expression of eye bulging, jaw cracking rage that writhes across my face like an angry snake at the mention of subcontractors. Or delivery delays. Or anything that refers, however remotely, to the building disciplines. We love our builder, but the process of building a home is by definition rage inducing. A big part of this impotent rage is directed at the green community. We're trying to be as environmentally responsible as possible in the construction of this house, and that's about as pleasant a process as tongue kissing a cornered badger. You can never be sure of the green pedigree.  'It's either locally grown Mesquite or some Argentinean knock off, but nobody will know the difference.' Low VOC glue that is made in China smells like bitter almonds to me. Recycled countertops look great until you see that unused raw material from one batch is counted as pre consumer recycled material in the next. It makes you want to gouge your eyes out with an FSC certified bamboo spork. That's why I love TreeHouse like I love fast loading internet porn. It does exactly what I want. We were first introduced to TreeHouse just before it opened when our genius architect friend took us along for a private tour. We met Jason, one of the managers, who explained that every item in TreeHouse has been vetted for its sustainability or environmentally friendly aspect. This doesn't mean that everything in TreeHouse is 100% recycled and zero net impact, it means that everything has some sustainability cred or environmental positive aspect. Most of their stuff rates very high on this scale. And it is essentially a big box store, sort of an Earth Friendly Home Depot or Lowes. Actually it is more than that, since it carries kitchenwares, books, and even gifts as well. This means it can be just about a one stop shop for us, or anyone looking for environmentally responsible products who doesn't have the time or facilities to research every component they are looking for. They carry everything from gadgets to actual buildings. Flooring, lighting, insulation, countertops, tools, even electronics like whole house automation, or solar panels are all on the shelf. They even stock Kanga modular buildings that are perfect for offices, studios, workspaces, or even bedrooms. All these items have been researched and investigated to verify that they are in reality green. And to top it off, they have a very talented team of professionals who can help you with the design aspect. We used them for our paint, tile, lighting, and clay finishes. Katherine was with us every step of the way making sure our picks didn't get lost and that we had the correct amounts of everything. Kane took down all our info and came up with some truly innovative lighting solutions (so far the Plumens are our favorite) and Jessie and Michael mixed batch after batch of paint until we found the exact color we liked. They are still working on pricing on some items, and green items can have a higher upfront cost that is balanced by its life cycle, so be prepared for that. But honestly, you can't go wrong if you choose to bypass HD or Lowes next time and give TreeHouse a shot instead.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/10/2012,285,397,20,22,20>THEY HAVE A SLOTH!  Is there REALLY anything else that needs to be said?!Ok, fine.  The staff are super friendly, amazingly knowledgeable and totally put up with my kid-like excitement over the sloth.We went in asking questions about Sugar Gliders and ended up exploring and learning and looking and did I mention THEY HAVE A SLOTH?!!!Cause they do... and you're really up close to her.It's kinda cool.#nerd
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,4/8/2012,209,219,11,17,11>Long lines and quick sell-out times made me avoid this place for while.  One friend tried 3 different times and was met with a sold-out sign.  Another waited in line on Franklin's last day as a stand, only to find out that the first person in line bought all the ribs for the day.  So yes, it sounded like good stuff, but usually I have better things to do with my time.....but not ALL the time.So last Sunday the hubs and I decided to check this place out.  We arrived around 11:30, so there was a long line ahead of us.  More importantly, it was the slowest line ever.  I suggest bringing a good book, a travel game of scrabble, knitting, and people you don't hate, because it took us a good hour-plus to wind our way up front.So why did it take so long?  There's only one meat cutter guy, and he's super friendly.  And he's being real sweet and chattin' up every person that comes to him.  And you're standing there smelling bbq and watching everyone eat it and you're noticing that the family in front of you is very large (seriously, like too large to have all traveled in one vehicle together.  It was mind-boggling!), and it dawns on you that maybe everything will sell out before you even get there.  And you realize, life sucks right now.Then the heavens open up and God says, "Go for it, Phyllis!", and  we finally got to the counter.  And that super-friendly meat guy seemed that much friendlier and you know what?  We totally chatted despite having loathed the idea of it 5 minutes earlier, along with life in general.  And then a fatty brisket and  ribs that fell of the bone danced across my plate and into my mouth and made life not only worth it but awesomely worth it.  So yes, by far my favorite fatty brisket and ribs I've ever had here or in Lockhart.  The sausage is pretty standard and so are the sauces.  But you hardly needed any, cause again, the brisket and ribs were the best ever.I almost think it's a darn shame that the line here can cause me to go into such a deep depression.  Because in all honesty, the bbq was amazing, but when I get  bbq, I'm hungry.  When I'm hungry, life sucks.  And I'd like it not to.  So for me, the tortuous line of Franklin is for out-of-town guests or people I can pay to wait in line for me (like for the iphone, remember that?)
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,4/7/2012,86,45,9,14,12>Fun, flavorful rolls.Inventive combinations.Friendly, happy staffI was excited when Roll On Sushi Diner finally opened. It is conveniently located near my favorite workout place: Dancer's Shape.So yesterday after a killer Core class, I swung by for a quick bite.  What a delightful and creative menu! They really push the boundaries on the definition of "sushi roll." And challenge your notions of what ingredients complement each other--white chocolate in your salad? Sure! Why not!I was pressed for time, and wanted to keep it light and simple. And I wanted to see how good their raw fish was.  So I went with two classics: Salmon roll and Tuna roll.  Both were flawlessly executed and the fish were fresh and flavorful. Chris B. nailed the oddity of the ordering process. Even though the little order form states that you are to put the form on the counter, they have a server take your order. Which was fine because Erica was efficient, friendly and generous with the serving of wine.(I have this irrational but strongly held belief that raw seafood must be consumed with alcohol...all in the name of improving food safety.)Chef Ben stopped by to say "hi" and offer a freebie tasting of some delightful tempura veggies (red pepper and asparagus) and some kind of yummy fritter thing. The sauce was just the right amount of sweet.I'm looking forward to trying some of their more inventive rolls. And I am loving the combination of Shape Class & Sushi!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,4/6/2012,55,256,4,9,9>I waited until mine healed before reviewing, I think I wanted to make sure my review would be 110% honest.Got my face pierced (nose), after much thought (years) it finally seemed like it was a good day 2 months ago.  After much searching on Yelp, I found Pineapple.  The man is a piercing guru I gotta tell ya.It really was more of a spiritual experience and I really appreciated him, the environment and my recovery is proof that the man knows what he's doing.  Pineapple really made all this possible. :)  The facility is medical grade clean, he follows procedure the whole way through and talks the client through it all, even if they're not paying attention. ;)  He does exactly what other reviewers said:  'He talks very soothingly and tells you to breath the entire time.'  He could be a Lamaze coach.([he]has a few kids, so go figure)Thank you sir, keep up the excellent service, I'm already looking for another spot for something to go.  Those anchors are looking tempting, although I'm a little squeamish to the idea.  But definitely working out the ink, I'm really looking forward to that. :)  Highly recommend.  TIP:  Follow Pineapples tweets to get deals and discounts.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,4/5/2012,699,1000,8,23,19>Austin Movie Lovers:  Do you realize how totally awesome it is that Violet Crown Cinema has come to town??One of the most glaring things Austin has been missing up until Violet opened last month was a good art house theater.  I moved to Austin from the Dallas area and was spoiled by the Magnolia and Angelika theaters.  Sadly, I would watch all the cool indie, art, foreign and documentary films sail through these theaters in Dallas but rarely make it to Austin.  It was very frustrating and weird that Austin out of all cities didn't have so many of those types of films.Yes, we had the Dobie.  It was unique, had history but just didn't serve up the films it should have consistently.  Yes, we have the beloved Drafthouse.  As much as I love the niche market the Drafthouse creates it still slacks majorly on the art house and especially foreign movie showings.  This is why we had a void that needed to be filled that Violet Crown Cinema has done.  Kudos to Violet Crown Cinema for that!!!  Here is a breakdown of facts:--Violet Crown Cinema is meant to show films with more pedigree.  If you like the big, typical, famous, blockbuster-written-for-a-buck films don't come here.  If you don't like to read subtitles be careful because a lot of the films shown here are foreign meaning they are subtitled.--When your purchase your ticket either online or at the theater you get to pick your own assigned seat.  This means that you can plan on sitting with those you come to the movies with even if you arrive at different times.  This also means you can wait until the last possible minute to take your seat in the theater.  No rushing to get good seats! --It is a GOOD thing to pick your seat(s) in the front row!  Unlike most theaters none of the front row seats are up by the screen.  Instead at Violet Crown the up front seats are pushed back at a comfortable distance and are recliners!  They don't cost extra either.  Next time I will be sure to book front row.  Be aware that the theaters are tiny (only 4-5 rows) so some films could book up.--No commercials or cheesy jingles about turning off your cell phone before the films start.  They do have previews but they are of the upcoming films that Violet Crown will be showing.--They have a full bar including Real Ale beers on tap and cocktails but NO wait staff serving inside the individual theaters.  You take your food into the theater and they have fold out table-tops that are tucked in between each seat.  There are no drink holders (unless you are in front row recliner) just the fold out tables. --Since there are no servers serving inside the theaters you will have to get up and walk out of the theater to go get anything else you may need.  The nice part about this is that the aisles are wide enough to where you don't have to step on people's feet or move your feet out of the way if somebody is crossing by.  The bad part is that if you need something you will have to move across people and miss part of the movie.  --They have Maine Root drinks on fountain including Dublin Dr. Pepper on fountain.  FREE REFILLS on fountain drinks and FREE REFILLS on popcorn.  Wow.--The inside is like a small restaurant with plenty of tables to sit and eat and drink at plus all the room around the bar.  Since they have assigned seating this means you can lounge and finish your stuff up right up until the film starts. This is a great place to socialize and hang out.  It is a clean, modern swanky environment.--The theater is digital projection so the quality and beauty of the film is awesome.--Shows before 6PM are $9.  Shows after 6PM are $11.  Unless it happens to be a weekend/holiday--then you will pay $13.--They have a Happy Hour Monday-Friday with some specials like $3 draft beers.--Don't forget to bring in your ticket for validation for the free parking.  The parking garage is on San Antonio Street.  If you are driving North from Cesar Chavez go past How Do You Roll sushi on the corner of 2nd and San Antonio and you will see the entrance to the AMLI garage up on your right.--Violet Crown publishes a full color news publication showcasing all of their current films and upcoming films.  Be sure to grab one to see what's in store.--Violet Crown is not some mammoth corporate chain.  They are locally owned and operated.  As always support local, support indie/art house/foreign movie houses!  This is a great place to have a quality drink, eat quality food and see quality movies.  Yes!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,4/4/2012,99,108,8,7,7>WHEEEEEEE, I like swivel chairs. I mostly like bars with swivel chairs. Take Canary Hut, for example. They have swivel chairs and I thoroughly enjoy the place."Canaryoke" is one of my favorite places to do my "special" renditions of "Toxic" or "I Want it That Way".Anything goes here. This place is a prime example of what a Karaoke bar should be: Divey, Cheap, Laid-Back, and certainly not judgmental. Leave your inhibitions at the door and show everyone what you've got!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,4/3/2012,143,315,2,10,4>New EastSide burger jointSo.. Let's break it down:The Burgers are based on 1/4 lb patties - the standard burger being two patties. A jr. Burger is one patty. Obviously flat-top cooked. Patty diameter compares with Mighty Fine, or in other words its a bigger bun and patty than Five Guys or P. Terry's for example. Standard free fixings are lettuce, pickle, tomato, mustard and mayo. Extra for cheese and bacon.They offer regular beef (corn fed 80/20) and also grass fed beef. Note - the grass fed option is a dollar more expensive, though this was not entirely clear to me on a quick glance at the menu.Buns are old school - ButterCrust. Very lightly toasted (I think they could use a little extra toasting as the bottom bun kinda fell apart on my burger.)Fries are fresh cut and tasty! Serving size compares well with P.Terry's but the fries are a bigger cut (a little fatter than five guys).In all this is a tasty burger. A little bit messy. Texture is a little soft overall, but this is probably a combination of the very soft bun and the skinny burger patties. I tried the grass fed beef, which is supposed to be a little leaner. I'm not sure I'd really be able to tell the difference between the grass vs. corn-fed.Pricing is in line with similar burger joints (maybe a dollar more?). Basic burger is $5.10 ish ($1 extra for cheese). About $10-11 for a regular (2 patty) cheeseburger, fries and drink. The shop is a walk up window in an old gas station building (remodled). They have picnic table seating in the station bays. I visited on the first day they opened so things may take a little time to get into a groove (like not having any ice tea yet).
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,4/2/2012,127,256,6,9,8>Wowsers! Like Errol wrote, I could easily imagine this place in a downtown location with doubled prices. What the place might lack in hip location and ambience, though, is more than made up for by the stuff on the plates.Apparently the word hasn't gotten out yet, as we had the place almost to ourselves on a Tuesday evening. We started with Qassatat - Tiny, savory pastries with ricotta, raisin and arugula. Our server recommended the soup of the day, which featured kale, white beans and chicken. I slurped down every last delicious drop. Then came the entrees. My roasted pork shoulder over roasted apple couscous didn't look terribly exciting, but one bite convinced otherwise. It was fork-tender, full of flavor, and right in tune with the apple couscous underneath. The roasted couscous had bits that looked burnt, but my tongue thought they were burnt in the very best way possible. For such a simple dish there were impressive layers of flavors going on, with sweet notes working alongside intensely savory ones. The better half ordered the roasted half hen - I was skeptical but again, it was love at first bite. Even the breast meat was deliciously moist, and the skin just right. There are a million ways to cook a chicken, and this was as good as any I can recall. The rosemary potato wedges were simple but without fault. Broccoli served with both entrees was the only thing that didn't inspire ooohs and ahhs, but lacked only in comparison.The better half quickly consulted Yelp (and apparently Errol's review) to choose the Basil Panna Cotta for dessert. The stuff was freaking amazing. My basil fetish was most satisfied. The lemon curd with whipped cream and berries over a biscuit was no slouch, either. We both finished up stuffed to the right degree without leftovers, a testament to the just-right portion sizes.Our server was knowledgeable, laid-back and attentive. If anything was wanting, it might be that the interior could do more to make up for the strip-mall environs. Somewhere between the clean, spare arrangement and rustic-looking furnishings lies an empty space where some sense of style should be. The mirror behind the bar looks borrowed from an 80's double-wide. I don't find that too troubling, though - it's all about the food, and the food speaks loud and clear. If the owners skimped on ultra-chic decor, they're certainly passing on the savings: Cafe Malta gets an easy five stars for delivering inspired food at very reasonable prices.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,4/1/2012,41,142,4,12,9>thank God hana market is here to redeem the utter managerial failure that was hong kong super market.  here's the deal:  cold opening was this past weekend.  the seafood was fresh but as expected the selection was as varied as the hairstyles at a rogain convention.  they had 3 sizes of shrimp and 4 types of fish.  nothing live.  everything on ice.  there's not much aquarium space at all (in fact i don't remember seeing by one tank) so their ability to expand on variety and offer fresh choices like H-Mart or even an MT Supermarket is dubious. they have more traditional korean cuts of meat than you'll find at MT-  imagine the types of meat you want for a korean bbq and that's what you'll find.  their produce is fresh and features some items that i've never seen or heard of.  for example there was one thing that looked like a mutant green onion.  it was about 2 feet long.  what i liked the most was their prices on common items (items they sell elsewhere that i have a cost basis for comparison).  the items at hana are about 8-12% cheaper across the board.  we'll see what happens when they open for real.i'm also excited about the 4 restaurants that are rumored to be coming - a korean cafe like the one they have at new oriental currently, a shabu shabu place, a sushi place, and a dim sum place.  the earliest the cafe is supposed to open is in a month and a half.  i'm really glad they're opening so close to where we live!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,3/31/2012,81,207,8,12,7>Red Velvet Cupcake +  Lemon Raspberry Cupcake +  1 Carrot Cake Cake Ball------------------------------------------   Instant Gratification and Pleasure   ...followed by Gluttonous Guilt.I popped in here around 5PM on a weekday since I was picking up sandwiches next door. The place closes at 6PM I believe, so the pickins' were slim. The cupcakes that I did get were very good. Cupcake was moist, the cream cheese frosting on the red velvet was a good creamy texture. Lemon raspberry cupcake had a nice raspberry jam filling to it with a tart lemon buttercream icing. Overall I was happy with the cupcakes.Carrot Cake Cake ball was also very good. Sometimes cake balls taste like raw cake batter doused in icing. Not this little cake ball. The carrot cake filling was the right consistency. Not too dry and not too raw tasting.I would have to agree with some of the other reviews in that the cupcakes are of regular/small size. So yes, a bit on the pricey side for what you get, however, what I did get was GOOD. Not quite knock my socks off insanely awesome, but GOOD. On the verge of VERY GOOD, but not quite.I don't see myself fighting traffic to get cupcakes here, but if I just so happen to be in this shopping center... I might fancy myself another visit when the display case is perhaps a little fuller next time?
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,3/29/2012,112,301,9,14,11>Verts is one of the rare places where the food that you actually end up with looks exactly as pictured in their ads.  Earlier today I was happily eating a beef/lamb kebap with assorted veggies and sauce, when I glanced at their large wall poster advertising said kebap.  And there was my exact lunch.  Except theirs was chicken.  But everything else was the same, from the generous portion of meat to the trickle of sauce oozing out of the corner of the bread.  How could you not love a moment like that?Good sized kebaps stuffed with tasty marinated meats, fresh veggies and snappy sauces.  Most everything made in-house.  Everything served by a knowledgeable employee, one of the most personable I've encountered.  He exuded such pride and confidence that I initially mistook him for the owner.  Whatever they're paying him, they need to increase it.  At once.  How could you not love a place like this?And to top it off, they throw in free parking in the back!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,3/28/2012,115,168,6,9,7>"I got 99 problems but a review aint 1!" Ok, so for my 100th review, I decided to review the historic Paramount Theatre.I saw John Leguizamo's Ghetto Klown here Saturday night. Walking in you feel like you have been transported back in time, when detail in the floors, ceilings, and walls meant something. You just get a sense of awe from this place. From the staircases, to yes, even the restrooms. Something about it all is just magical. We arrived at 7:45, show was at 8 so the tickets said, we weren't allowed into the auditorium until 8:30ish? This brings up my only gripe, please, please, pleeeease open the doors or limit access into waiting area. We literally were packed in like sardines for 45mins. People were becoming very agitated, myself included, when people would try and squish by and spill drinks. In hindsight, I will just show up late, or wait at end. You have assigned seating people, no need to try and push to front of doors. I know this isn't the Paramount's fault, well, not fully, but limiting people or opening doors would help tremendously. Seating here is very nice, not a bad seat in the house. I can't comment on upstairs seating, but in the orchestra area anything is good. It is small enough venue where the very back row on the floor is still outstanding. We sat midway on the isles and it was perfect. Acoustics, and view points were perfect.Do I have a few gripes? Yes, the preshow situation, and the lines for bar, but that is nitpicking. All in all this is one of the better venues I have been to. I love the sense of history and pride the Paramount oozes. I will definitely keep patronizing this local Austin icon, and hope it is around for my children to experience as well.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,3/27/2012,381,228,11,17,10>I was sitting around thinking about how badly I needed a massage and BAM, yelp deal email. I immediately bought it and called 4 minutes later to schedule. Although this may sound like a hyperbole, I'm pretty sure this was the best massage I've ever had. EVER. Everything was perfect. I loved the decor, the atmosphere, but most of all my massage therapist. She somehow knew exactly how firm I wanted her to be and made me feel a million times better. I highly recommend Yuki! If I could afford the regular price, I would go back once a week. Fingers crossed on the lottery!!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,3/26/2012,322,621,10,21,18>Once in a great while, on a hot Friday afternoon in early July, you throw caution to the wind and accept a most gracious friend's invite and offer to drive for a relaxed lunch a little ways off the beaten path. And, in the course of it, you discover a true Texas gem.Such was the case yesterday here at City Market.  In a town equally well-noted for its watermelons, celebrations and decorated pumpjacks, City Market is a treasure.  Gloss over for a moment the difference in internal layout, and you might thnk you're que'ing up at the old Kreuz Market (now Smitty's) in Lockhart.  Yep, there's a line for the 'cue and a line for everything else.  And a neat table along the way marked "RESERVED" where it appears that their bean sorter diligently inspects the pintos before cooking.Yes, the line for the 'cue is long, especially at lunchtime, but it moves quickly and I happen to think it's worth the 20 minute wait.  Certainly, there's not the frustration of going to Franklin for their awesomeness only to be faced with a disappointing "Sold Out" sign.  They never run out here at City Market, and they churn through a lot more people in the course of a day than Franklin dreams of.My friend and I shared a sampling of brisket, pork ribs, and sausage.  The pork ribs are really incredible, different than any that I've had elsewhere, thanks to the sauce.  The sausage, while coarse-grind, is actually quite smooth and flavorful without being obnoxiously spicy.  The dry-rub brisket is cut leaner than in most places without having to beg.  I like that.Much appreciated is that the prices here are very, very reasonable.  Two links and a pound of mixed ribs and brisket were just over $14.  That doesn't include the must-haves like Big Red, sweet tea, incredible potato salad, beans, and 3 huge slices of cheddar cheese, which added a mere $6 to the meat total.  Yep, you got it.  Old-town Texas-style barbeque lunch for two for less than one Jackson.To dispel the rumor that the servers here are rude, I found them  helpful and friendly, especially considering the overwhelming mass of humanity they face day-in, day-out.  I'm sure they see their fair share of demanding Interstate travelers and sometimes get weary of the onslaught, but, yesterday, at least, they were patient and kind.Is it the absolute best 'cue in the world, bar none?  Probably not.  I'm a brisket guy, and, in all fairness, their brisket did not make my socks go up and down.  But, that being said, their pork ribs and sausage did, and finding the sweet spot for each joint is indeed an art form.How to best enjoy City Market?  My guess is that you bring three of your best friends, stage one in the 'cue line, stage two in the drinks and sides line, and  have the fourth stake out a table.  Order a boatload of meat, with an ample helping.of sides, and finish with coldies until the inevitable meat coma ensues.That's how it should be done, I think.  That's not how it went down yesterday, but, you see, I have these dreams...
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,3/25/2012,93,90,11,11,10>Check this place out on a Friday.  Six beers for six quarters ($1.50!!!)- choice of bud light, budweiser, and imperial from 7-11pm then the price goes up to a dollar a beer! Food menu straight from the heart of a stadium concession stand, and everything was cheap.Three of us checked this place out Friday because of another friend... we must have looked like noobs because the Kimbo the "Bingo Gringo" came to us and asked if we needed instruction, he explained every game, where to look for upcoming numbers, and said he'd come back to check on us when the games started. He did come back and took our photo, printed it out and gave us each a certificate for a free game so we'd come back. Contrary to my previous misconceptions about Bingo, it's not all straight bingo, there's triple games with no free square, block of nine, black out games, granny's quilt etc... so games last longer than i imagined they would. Games on Friday are at 7, 8, 1015, midnight and 130a, get there with enough time to purchase tickets, beers and grab your seats, because when it gets closer to game time the lines get busy. Half of the establishment is smokefree and the other half is a cloudy room full of smokers, luckily tickets and concession are on the smoke free side. Games are $5 for 12 cards a game or $18 for 18 cards i think? 12 is enough for your first time anyway. Bingo card daubers are only a dollar, so you don't have to feel bad if you left yours at home. However, good luck Trolls must be brought from home. This was my first bingo hall experience, I can see why people get crazy addicted, in between games they're selling chances to win in other ways, peel away cards, speed ball cards and workers continually walking around telling you there's still a chance to win 250$ because someone has yet to buy the winning card. I almost fell for it. Have fun, play bingo, and realize you're probably not going to win. but you might?
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,3/24/2012,88,115,26,31,38>People NEVER review the front desk assistance in salons.  They listen to you verbally juggle your schedule, and if they're good (like AMANDA at Waterstone) they make you smile before you even walk into the place. Along the similar vein as the Avant empire; Waterstone is swiftly building a mecca of beauty moguls.  It's getting hard to discern which stylist is more talented, gracious, wonderful, and skilled.  Best to just call Amanda & have her get you scheduled for whenever you're ready to be beautiful.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,3/23/2012,188,425,14,9,12>My wildest food fantasy in 3...2...1.  Can I please have the male cast of True Blood get naked and allow me to pour a sea salt and caramel milkshake (with a shot of Godiva Caramel liquor) all over them?The rest of my fantasty would get this review flagged.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/22/2012,130,201,13,21,15>Walking into the bamboo-ensconced doorway for the first time, thinking I was going to eat a quick Mexican food working lunch while waiting for my kids to finish their class at Zach, I was immediately caught off balance.  Not only were there no hostesses waving plastic menus, there was no restaurant.  Only a compound consisting of more bamboo and frond-like greenery, low classroom-style buildings, and a rocky walkway.  The few people I encountered while tentatively following the path ahead didn't make eye contact or even seem helpful, so I decided to just explore this odd place.  What was that...a bamboo gazebo?  Some sort of feng shui force field seems to protect this place from the traffic and civilization outside; I quickly realized that my high level of city-dweller energy didn't fit with the Zen vibe, and took it down a notch.I passed a tiny bookstore with a sign that alluded to the fact that no one was home, browse at will, and decided instead to climb the steps to the building all the way at the back, because it looked open and the smell of food was emanating from within.  Bingo.  It's the restaurant, but it's also sort of a new-age general store for earthy, herbal items, and it reminds me of the dining halls of youth/scout retreats. Open kitchen with a buffet appearance, and smallish tables arrayed throughout. FYI, Casa de Luz folks, a sign and a map way back out there at the front entrance for first-timers would be REALLY helpful."Is this your first time here?" a perky young woman asked at the cash register.  No, I always look this lost and confused. I have come here seeking clarity... So she kindly explained the process: $12 set price for whatever they're cooking that day, which varies like grandma's house--if your grandma is a vegan hippie type of grandma--take this token, get your own tea, soup & salad, and sit down.  Someone will bring you the entree.  Drinks are included; dessert, also vegan, is extra.  It can get expensive.I'm not vegan, but I'm mostly vegetarian (pescaterian, to be exact), so I was thrilled with the variety of vegetable and grain offerings and the green salad.  This is how I might cook if I were a little more creative.  It all went well until the dessert experiment, because pudding made with almond milk (or whatever non-dairy alternative that was) tastes yucky.  And vegan cookies taste like dog treats.I mostly appreciated the peaceful atmosphere, so I excitedly brought my kids the next time, prepping them as to what to expect (would have been nice to have had someone do that for me).  They're too old for the adjacent playscape, but we sat outside on the patio anyway.  This is a good place to hang out for a couple of hours, because everyone seems into their own Zen world, and no one bothers you.One other helpful bit of advice here: check the menu online if you aren't sure you'll like whatever hippie grandma is serving that day.  She sometimes serves theme dinners.  My adventurous child happily ate everything on her plate; the squeamish one looked as though he was expecting something to leap up and grab him, even though I assured him that nothing with a face had been sacrificed for his dining pleasure.Places like this are what makes Austin weird.  In a good way, from my perspective.  Ommmmm...
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,3/21/2012,100,112,7,17,10>I have an announcement to make...This girl is cavity free!!!!!!Ok, so you may not be as thrilled and impressed as much as I, BUT, you will be thrilled and impressed when I tell you how awesome Dr. Snow and his staff are!When I needed a dentist, I came straight to Yelp, of course :) - And Dr. Snow was my number one choice. Located in a cute little yellow house, not far from downtown, Dr. Snows office is warm and welcoming. With its nicely colored walls, hard wood floors and charming decor, I almost couldn't tell I was at a dentist office. The girls behind the counter were very sweet and knowledgable. I, was personally thrilled that as a new patient, I didn't have to fill out sheet after sheet of paperwork. I was a little nervous when I was taken back to begin my appointment ( which began right on time may I add) but my dental  hygienist eased my nerves. Her office was complete with colorful artwork, fresh equipment and entertaining music lightly playing in the background. Long story short - she was awesome!  There was work to be done but she was gentle and explained everything. X-rays took mere minutes to shoot and load onto her computer. This lady knew what she was doin! Dr. Snow came in a little bit later to diagnose me and he was awesome too!  Adorning a burnt orange Texas baseball hat, he was friendly and loved my teeth!  Not one cavity, zero attempt to sign me up for unnecessary work - this coming after a terrible dental experience years ago where the jerk told me I had 12 cavities....uhhh no, I dont think so. To sum up Yelpers, Dr. Snow and his staff are truly amazing - personable, caring, and honest. I will actually enjoy going to the dentist now!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,3/20/2012,348,383,7,11,13>Stopped here for lunch yesterday promising my wife octopus cocktails. Unfortunately they were out of all octopus. No problem! I think she thoroughly enjoyed being served a whole grilled fish with the fins still attached. Of course it reminded her of China! The treat for me, however, was the ceviche. Mainstream Mexican restaurants I have found, too often serve them with cooked shrimp. Blue Goose in Dallas at one time made it correctly and then later went with the dreaded cooked shrimp. That belongs in a Mexican Shrimp cocktail folks, not ceviche! I am proud to report that Marisco's Seafood serves a nice sized glass of "Mexican Sushi!" At Marisco's Seafood you get a large glass of fish "cooked" in lime juice as it should be. Raw jalapeños give it an extra kick with the tanginess. Onions and tomato chunks are also there, but used sparingly.My advice: Eat it quickly. The last couple of pieces of fish got a little mushy when the lime juice started really breaking down the fish. Fish tacos were good, but honestly needed some type of creamy sauce for my taste. But my God, the beans! The borracho beans! Don't miss them.We will be back.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,3/19/2012,258,244,13,9,13>All dressed up early for a night of dancing and no where to go, I receive a call from my friend: "Would you like to go to Peche first then dance to an awesome Hip Hop DJ?" I have been wanting to go, and so Peche calls to me, the allure of absinthe calling me like a songbird from the shadows. I arrived, dressed to kill like a femme fatale who could only afford to shop at Savers on a 20% off Tuesday (so really just dressed to trip someone near a short staircase). My server, attentive and friendly, whisks around from drunkard, to lush, to boozehound, only forgetting me on occasion because my eyes weren't yet lit with an enticing neon green glow of absinthe.I order the first absinthe drink of my life, one recommended by my server to someone who just wants a taste and who isn't ready to ride an untamed lion.  The Corpse Reviver #2 is a cocktail of absinthe, vodka (per my request), lemon juice, Cointreau, and Lillet Blanc. I can only assume that #1 is no longer with us because its fans didn't live to tell the tale. Not only is the name foreboding but the look of it screeches, "the body is buried in the lake." The drink has a light yellow glow and in it sits a maraschino cherry, solidified to the bottom with a substance similar to a bog. Feeling a little goth, I couldn't wait to expose the body of the cherry and suck off its black goo. Downing my drink, seeing sparkling lights suddenly, and then putting the cherry out of its misery, I order another.The cheese plate promises me honeycomb on the menu, but all it delivers is a smudge of honey. Delicious honey, but not enough and without the comb means that I am wishing that second drink comes quickly, but 20 minutes later I am still without solace. My only company is my friend and three nice pieces of cheese: bleu, triple cream, and a brie which are wonderful; the soft, fluffy bread worked well for all but the bleu. For $16, I was left underwhelmed, like Gene Kelly if he had only been caught in a drizzle when he wanted rain to sing in.Surrounded by a collection of random thrill-seekers who knew they were not the ones who brought the thrill to a joint but simply feed off of my vibe, my friend's vibe, and the one guy wearing cuff-links at the bar, my friend and I knew it was time to press on. Though we would come back because, let's face it, there are few places I feel this classy.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,3/18/2012,120,239,8,11,8>WOW......Austin Cake Ball's Domain location blew my mind. If you've been to the original location you'll see why. My gf and I walked in expecting to be bad girls and grab a cakeball for a slight sugar rush and bounce out. But...Nooooooooo...apparently Austin Cake Ball up'd their game and now serves food!!! First off, the location used to be a Viva Chocolate (I think) they have really redone the space nicely. Loving the white chairs and open ceiling with touches of gold. They have a huge bar to display all the sweet-sweet ballz you can imagine. I do think they need to have more lights on, as we walked by we weren't really sure if they were open until we saw the servers walking around. The only thing that really stood out from the street was the large lit display case..maybe that was on purpose?..After a quick recovery of confusion we decided to stay and give it a try. We had the trio of hummus. 2 out of 3 ain't bad. Roasted Red Pepper - very fresh tasting, simple and the red peppers really shined through.Edamame - beautiful pale green color, this one was a bit more garlicy but it was also good.Pumpkin Hummus - fell short, great color, didn't really taste any pumpkin and was bland.We shared the Classic sandwich which was panini style. It was pretty good, it wasn't mind blowing but definitely solid sandwich in terms of ingredients, portion, and taste. I loved the fact that the panini wasn't greasy, the bread to meat ratio was good. It also came with sweet potato chips. Overall the menu was fairly simple. Small bites, salads, soups, sandwiches, Cheeses!, sweets, coffee and alcohol. Their cocktails looked super cool and creative. Also the Cake Ball Checkers! cute idea. You get one dozen cake balls per side, $54.Even though Austin CAke Ball serves food you can tell that sweets is still its strongest asset. I really think this place has fantastic potential. As for the cake balls I've tried about 80% of their flavors. My personal favorites are: peanut butter, chocolate mint &orange chocolate. I could eat those balls all day long..............................................­.(yes that's what she said) ZINNNNG!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,3/17/2012,137,114,10,15,13>I was a little worried at first that I'd suggested this for a ladies' lunch because one of our friends is a vegetarian and cajun food pretty much equals meat or meat fat (not a bad thing in my book).  Of course I didn't remember this until about an hour before our time to meet. Between vegetarians and nut allergies there's a potential for any restaurant choice to either poison my friends or insult their ideologies.  Thankfully I have forgiving friends who remember to take their benadryl.We asked the server if she could offer any options for our beloved vegetarian and she said she'd see what they could do.  The chef rose to the challenge with a gorgeous fettuccine with mushroom alfredo sauce, crowned with a stack of grilled asparagus, then ringed with fried green tomatoes.  It was a beautiful sight and even made me rethink my red beans and rice with roasted pork, which was smoky and really nice.We shared the crawfish beignets, fried green tomatoes, and fried crawfish.  The beignets were pretty much hush puppies with crawfish tails in them and were just sort of ok to me.  The fried crawfish were good, I really enjoyed the remoulade that came with that.  The highlight really were the fried green tomatoes - they were crisp on the outside and fresh on the inside topped with an unbelievable crabmeat remoulade.  Several of us agreed we'd be happy to just have a bowl of that crabmeat.The server was pleasant and attentive, the water and iced tea were consistently refilled.  The owner was a really entertaining gem - he made sure we were happy and was incredibly nice and fun to talk to.  I didn't find that I was underdressed in jeans but it was lunchtime and I'm kind of bad at noticing that kind of thing.  I converted several friends to Yelp by telling them about the 15% off yelp offer if they checked in - so keep an eye out for new blood.  Two of us took full advantage of the 50% off wine under 40 dollars on Wednesdays and Thursdays by sharing a bottle of red over lunch.  Yes I had a nice buzz on at lunch don't judge me I was in the French Quarter.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,3/16/2012,168,161,6,15,7>Update: I've learned they include MSG, which promotes weight gain. I'm told some people bring in a deer with their own spices. Jill is the owner; I intend to discuss with her making batch of sausage for me without MSG.Buy the dried sausage. Regular or jalapeno, it's delicious, reasonably-priced, and vacuum-sealed. If you eat healthy (no sugars, only non-starchy vegetable carbs), having high-quality protein and fat handy without requiring refrigeration makes everything so easy. This is the *perfect food*. I called in an order for 10 pounds, which I'm still working my way through; best food purchase ever.I go to my share of stupid potlucks, and no one ever brings any protein. A few times now, I've just grabbed three packs of this stuff, sliced it up, and put it in a bowl. It's always been the first item to run out, because everyone else brings brownies, cupcakes, and cookies. People know actual food when they see it.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,3/15/2012,233,322,4,12,8>When my friend from El Paso turns to me, gazes in my eyes, and lovingly says, "I think this must be the best Mexican food north of the river," I think this place really has a chance.I've heard the call of my Yelper friends to try this place out, and we headed there one fine day. One very *hot* fine day. We were the only ones there, which is troubling, but ensured that everything we had, from service to food, was top notch.Quickly...-Strip Mall locale with evolving decor.-Limited wine and beer list. They didn't have the chardonnay they listed. I hope they get it back.-Chef (owner?), waitress, and everyone else was enthusiastic and friendly.NOW, to the food.Papas a la Huancaina- Get this. I'm serious. You don't need to know what it is. Just get it. It's served with this wonderful creamy sauce over the top and some outstandingly strange but lovely large-kernel corn as a garnish.Empanadas- We got the chicken. They come in 3's. The inside was chock full of flavor, and didn't need a sauce. That being said, the sauce added something extra especial that just made everything pop a bit more.Yuca Frita- It's a side dish. And it's fabulous. Not the best I've had in town, but damn close (and actually another take on the dish). Think crispy yet soft banana chips. In size, not in flavor. The sauce served with them was simple, but paired well.Enchiladas- (not on the online menu, as are other things). Chicken enchiladas that are served in a non-tex-mex way. The cheese was crumbly cotija. The tortillas were dipped in a flavorful sauce (guajillo?) before being wrapped around the tasty chicken. Then it was topped with spiced potatoes. I know, right?! Finally, lettuce and tomato gave you the impression of healthiness with a drizzle of crema that says, "Nope, you're still consuming mad calories!" And I'm okay with that.My friend's proclamation may be slightly off, in that this doesn't taste like your usual "Mexican" food, this is still one of the best representations of Latin cuisine in town. I hope they find a way to spread the word and continue to succeed in *winning*.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,3/14/2012,307,87,8,14,11>When I saw this restaurant in the Best of Yelp and read the phenomenal reviews of some of my most trusted friends, I knew I had to check it out for myself.  I am so pleased I did, because it didn't disappoint.The location is in a shopping center that I wouldn't dream a restaurant would be in. It's so industrial--the place doesn't fit at all.  The decor is all mismatched with different tables and chairs--I may have even seen lawn furniture in the mix.  I would say "shabby chic" minus the "chic".But the people who own this place are SO NICE.  You can tell they have put everything into it and are working so hard for a great experience.  The day I went Pastor Fred was doing the cooking and his wife was running the front end.  Talking with her is like a warm embrace.  Even when she told me they didn't have high chairs (which usually sends me into a blind rage) it was all okay.Oh the food.  The day I dined, the buffet had fried chicken that the Colonel wants the recipe for.  Just the perfect amount of spices, crunchiness, and moistness.  As many of the previous reviews mentioned, the veggies are all vegan-friendly as they are made with vegetable broth.  How nice of the owners to consider our herbivore friends!  All of the "sides" I tasted were perfection.  The macaroni and cheese- creamy and divine.  Mashed potatoes- exquisitely homemade.  If my mama would have cooked vegetables the way Pastor Fred does, I would have been a member of the "Clean Plate Club" more often as a kid.Must go!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,3/13/2012,514,316,4,8,6>Ambience: 5This place is charming. (Lovely tap wall, and a hand drawn tap selection) The layout is great it invites people to sit, meet new people, (communal tables!) this place is a great excuse for weekday drinkingDrink Selection: 5! 5! 5!Really well selected kegs, including some rare options and many local treats. All served by rather attentive bartenders.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/12/2012,180,397,9,9,10>we have a friend who does not yelp, thinks it's a strange thing to do.  we forgive him, ignore the fact that he benefits from all the knowledge we harvest for outings.so for his birthday, I surprised him with the whip in.  the only info I shared was "it's ok to dress casual".  so they assumed I was lost when I was driving up to whip in.  they thought I was joking when I announced "we're here!".  after all, the whip in appears like a convenience store from the i35 frontage entry.  his face lit up like he'd won the lottery when he saw all those beer taps.  he walked back and forth, taking in the glorious view.  then he ran back to the register where I was already ordering beers, "they have chana masala!  INDIAN FOOD!"  yes, mr jason, happy birthday to you. I shared my yelp knowledge of the best beer and indian food option available,imagine my joy when I asked if any of their belgian offerings were in the saison style, and the server replied with "we have three saison belgians"   oh my...  I'm getting all dizzy just thinking about that magic momentwe found a cozy booth.  enjoyed a nice variety of belgian beers.  the table next to us played games, and soon we all had a conversation about Tom Waits as we sang along, two booths of strangers, in a convenience store turned indian gastropub.... only in austin?  possibly.  chana masala was good and the somosas were fantastic.it was a great crowd, even a few kids.  all the staff and servers were extremely helpful, friendly and knowledgable.  I tested their limits, and if they didn't have an answer for me, they FOUND the information and came back informed.we filled a growler with live oak hefeweizen and we left happy.oh, and my friend who doesn't appreciate yelp?  he had this to say "YOU GOTTA GIVE THIS PLACE A GOOD YELP REVIEW!  FOUR STARS, FIVE STARS HOWEVER MANY STARS YOU CAN, GIVE THEM THE MAX!  this is in my top ten list for sure"so this five star is for you jason (who won't see this as he doesn't yelp).  and also, thank you Whip In and yelp.com, thanks for a fun saturday afternoon and making it possible to impress a friend for his birthdaybest poster on the wall said "drink your beer, there are sober kids in india"
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,3/11/2012,199,518,4,6,7>Yes, I have finally got around to eat at Uchi. I never thought I would but I did. That was a feat in its own right if you ask me. Why? Because it was expensive for me. But it was real good.The menu was overwhelming which isn't a bad thing because everything looked really good. My sister and I decided to take the shortcut and ordered the "signature tasting" which are six signature dishes. You can't go wrong with that decision because it's basically the best dishes Uchi has to offer. Crudo - sea bass with orange oil, garlic and black pepper with a citrus vinagrette that melts in your mouth it's so good.Machi Cure - yellow tail with yucca chips and asian pears, nice combinationMaguro Sashimi and Goat Cheese - sucker for goat cheese and sashimi, instant love.Hamachi Nabe - rice with yellowtail and an egg. let it cook. like fried rice.Bacon Steakie - never had pork belly and never saw a watermelon radish...very soft and tenderScallop hot rock - can't go wrong with scallopsI praise the creativity in the dishes that were made and I would definitely would go back and get the signature dishes again. I had the jizake creme caramel which is good. Never had those kinds of flavors before. Then again you can't mess up dessert can you?
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,3/10/2012,89,252,4,4,7>Sucks to be the first to not give Moody Theater five stars, but they still have some kinks to work out. Let me preface: This place is awesome. I want to have the money to be here every weekend. Seeing Willie Nelson here with a 40+ piece orchestra, and then the family band, felt like a once-in-a-lifetime experience. The staff are amazing; they hold open doors, smile, help you find your seat, and seem genuinely happy to be at work. The lines at the bars move quickly, and the seats have cupholders! But things are still new. Lights came on at weird times onstage, the mics cut out a few times, and parts of the show felt like a dress rehearsal more so than a show I'd paid $40 each to see (and no, this wasn't due to Willie. I'm reviewing the venue, not the man.). The bartenders, while amazing, seem to still be figuring out where the buttons are, so we were mischarged for our drinks the first time. I think they will work all these kinks out shortly, and then it will definitely be a five-star venue for me. Also, Willie rocks.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/9/2012,160,142,1,17,11>I've been known to be a little... neurotic, let's say? Getting a dog was a huge deal for me, because I tend to be overly cautious and protective, and hated the idea of having a dog locked up in a crate for hours at a time.I contacted Lisa about dog walking, and she referred me on to her partner, Kimberly, who is closer to my neighborhood. Kimberly came over for a meet and greet with my pup, and I knew right away I could trust her with my baby. When she comes over she sends me a text describing their activities, and sends a photo of my girl looking happy.I'm so relieved to have someone who cares as much as I do looking out for my dog, I highly recommend Loving Pet Care!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,3/8/2012,125,534,7,7,7>I stopped here on a whim with my boyfriend after an unsuccessful day of fishing at Pedernales. I had driven by this place before and the most interesting thing I found about it was the name, Nutty Brown. Unfortunately, it usually reminded me of the phrase, "nuttier than squirrel poo," which is not an association you want your establishment to make, especially if it is a restaurant. Or cafe. Anyhow, it was a Saturday night, and we sat inside where it was almost empty. I noted that there was a huge patio out back and that's where most of the people were. Inside, where we were, album covers and vinyl decorated the wooden walls, and it reminded me of Magnolia Cafe, if Mag had a love child with the Broken Spoke. The food was classic Texas diner fare, some Tex-Mex, fried stuff, chicken fried stuff, chili, etc. I had the blackened catfish with jalepeno cream corn and Greg's green beans. The boyfriend ordered chicken with jalepeno hush puppies and some slaw. While waiting for our food, we heard other tables compliment the waitress on the food, so that was a good sign. Service was a bit slow, probably due to all the action going on out back. When our food actually arrived, it didn't disappoint. Well maybe a little. The blackened catfish was way salty, but everything else was A-OK. The jalepeno cream corn was good, but I'm pretty sure it was canned cream corn with more heavy whipping cream added and some jalepenos. Greg's green beans were nice but heavy on the pepper. The chicken breast, which I thought was going to be dry and tasteless, was surprisingly neither. We skipped dessert because we were both full but I think they should have a dessert called Squirrel Poo. Now that I've ruined your appetite...enjoy your next meal there!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,3/7/2012,74,74,5,7,6>I had seen that this place had opened up and was looking forward to trying out a new wing place! I love to try new sauces and test my limits on how much spice I can handle. This is the perfect place for anyone to try it out.We went and it was in a nice location, with a ton of tvs for the avid sports fan and the staff was way, way friendly. I don't think that I have ever been talked to so nicely by so many staff members. We went on Wednesday and it was $1 tender night. And just so you know,  Monday is 50 cent wings and Tuesday is 50 cent boneless wings too. So there are some great specials. We decided to get our monies worth and go for the tenders. They allowed us to try the sauces before we ordered. I was intrigued with the ghost sauce, but just couldn't bring myself to even try it.We went for the mango habanero, spicy garlic, parm, and raspberry bbq. All the sauces have a TON of flavor in them. The habanero was spicy but there was so much tastiness to it, I found myself trying to ignore my burning mouth and push through to eat more. Spicy garlic was wonderful, and parm and bbq were quite tasty for the wing goer that doesn't care for spice. The waffle fries were way fresh when they came out, they were still burning hot and cooked perfectly. They were nice and crispy on the outside and starchy inside. They had a nice pepper on them, making me want to order more. Our waiter was great, he was friendly and seemed to understand that me and my friend were not good at making decisions on things such as, wing sauces. Another worker was also very friendly making recommendations for next time we go. At the end the waiter was curious to know what we thought of all the flavors and asked for any suggestions that we might have for them. (thumbs up, guys)Give this place a try, watch the game, have a beer, and maybe try to ghost chili challenge. Only 2 people have tried, and only 1 has completed it!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,3/6/2012,393,621,4,8,8>Absolutely loved their pork shoulder steak.  Some of the finest pork I've eaten.  The sauce is also excellent.  The brisket was above average, although perhaps a tad dry.  The mac and cheese is also very good.If they have any faults, it's the pricing.  They seemed just a bit pricier than the other BBQ joints.  Also, while the line wasn't as slow as the former trailer whose name I don't mention, I worry that, with increased popularity, these people will have difficulty dealing with crowds.I definitely intend to come back and try some more things.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,3/5/2012,198,276,4,9,7>This is my new favorite place...and being really close to my work is only like 2% of the reason for it being so! The pho with brisket was delicious. I could have eaten two bowls of it. I also ordered a banh mi because I haven't ever had one, and they had good recommendations. Well, I was so wrapped up in the Pho, that I only took a couple of bites of the sandwich, but it was definitely delicious. It was so scrumdiddily-umptious that I bought another one, wrapped mine up, and ta da! Dinner is served for tonight :) Hope the bf likes it!My friend ordered the lo mein with broccoli added and all of the veggies still had color and were crisp and beautiful. I hate it when you can tell they've been sitting in sauce for hours. Her meal looked very fresh and flavorful (and it was, I stole a bite). So, yes....I will be back! And I will bring friends! It was that good!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,3/4/2012,303,155,10,10,11>This place is absolutely amazing! I had my first taste of Ethiopian food in San Fransisco and fell in love. I have been to Aster's and Karibu and it just didn't match up. Driving to Pflugerville to Errol's UYE was just what I needed. I had read about this place but really could not bring myself to take the long drive. My mistake. This place is a gem. I love places that serve food communal style. It just brings a group of people together and it is the ultimate in sharing. Having four older sisters, I wasn't accustomed to this but now I really enjoy it. W got several huge sampler platters with all kinds of goodies like lentils, ground beef, something that tasted a lot like chili, lamb and so many other items that I can't remember them all. Think of tapas all on one plate while using injera to scoop up with your fingers. The staff here are pretty amazing. Warm and involved in every step of your experience. Like being at someones home. Woinee and Justine are pretty unbelievable and made this experience unforgettable. Justine really knows how to charm a person. Lots of fun in a perfect environment with amazing food. I am in love. Moonpie.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,3/3/2012,521,315,16,12,15>It was a cold foggy night and the glow of the Brown Bar from the street was like a beacon calling me from the bustle of the city to come in, get warm, have a drink. As I stepped through the doors, I noticed the place had an amber glow inside emitting from the lamps and the under lit glass bar top. I sauntered in and looked around this swanky bar, and there he was, George Clooney, with his handsome good looks and alluring brown eyes and dimples. He held his martini glass up as if to toast me and winked at me. I walked over and removed my hat and trench coat, sat down next to him in the cozy sofa by the window. I ordered the White Grape Martini and a Cheese plate. When my drink arrived, there were four frozen green grapes on a pick like sweet little olives. George grabbed the pick, pulled a grape off of it and ate it. He smiled and grabbed another and hand fed it to me. It was awesome in all its vodka sweetness. Cheers he said, as we clinked our glasses and sipped, while we gazed into each others eyes. The cheese plate arrived with its toasted baguette slices and large hunks of cheese, fresh and dried fruit. I put a slice of Havarti on a baguette and fed it to George, he smiled. Then I hear Lee M ask me if I wanted another White Grape Martini. I looked around and George was gone, but it was suddenly a Hot April night and yelpers were all around the bar chatting, laughing and drinking. Oh yeah, I remember, It's yelp drinks week and I am on a bar crawl. The Bar crawl was a blast, but I am tucking this place in my back pocket for a quiet night with George Clooney, good friends or a special someone if I ever find him. In the meantime, visions of George are pretty damned great!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,3/2/2012,85,129,6,8,4>If you ask folks who know me they'd say I was a tennis player or a runner ( and hopefully a good kisser too!), but sadly these days I'm hitting the pavement more than the courts. After running the most recent iteration of the "pride" of our fair city's marathon I found myself not being able to run a few miles let alone a set of doubles. I had a stabbing and acute pain in my right knee that I had never felt before (my right knee has been sub par since a bike accident four years ago) that no one could really explain, sports medicine specialist included. I tried to power through the pain for a 1.5 months but I just couldn't do it. I'd be three to four miles into a run and  I'd have to give into the pain. Fast forward from my desperation to be able to run/play tennis to a random encounter: I step into Luke's Locker on a whim with someone who wanted some new shoes that would be good for a boot camp. Raymond( god of feet and their happiness ) enters and is instantly the most polite, helpful, and knowledgeable person I have ever met when it comes to shoes.n Perfect pair of shoes chosen so I decide I'd like to play the shoe shopping game too.Turns out Raymond is a former national coach from South Africa ( don't assume he's a Brit like I did!) who knows the ins and outs of running. He analyzes my current running shoes ( which Run-Tex recommended years ago) and deemed them completely wrong for the way I run ( which he blamed on my tennis ( and he was familiar with South African tennis pros!)). So he gave me a clean slate to find the shoes that would work for me when it came time to hit the pavement for the long hauls.  Needless to say ( 5 stars??) I found a pair of shoes that felt like sex every time I hit my foot to the concrete in their store( and I hit that shit for about 45 minutes with different shoes)  and it has translated to over a month of good runs and tennis with no pains. My whole experience to buy a pair of running shoes took me an hour because the level of customer service and knowledge was so high that it couldn't be done any faster. After subsequent visits, it looks like everyone in the store is equally qualified to give you the equipment of your dreams, but they may not have the awesome accent to boot. If you're looking for new shoes ( and their accessories and clothing aren't too shabby) then I would recommended you pay a visit  to to Luke's.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,3/1/2012,323,2235,5,7,8>I often go into a burger joint expecting the normal fare: onion rings and fries from frozen, dry burgers, and oily, slightly crispy buns. This joint is a tad different; they even offer a wide array of unique sodas! I also had my first gluten-free burger bun here, and it was definitely unique!The eatery is tucked back on the backside of a shopping center and could really use a big sign that directs you to go "In The Buns." Clever name, for sure!I had heard about the cheese-stuffed burgers, but I did not really anticipate such a good burger, especially after I ordered my onion rings, sweet potato fries, and curly fries; they all came straight out of the freezer.There was 1 cook there, and he timed everything for my carb-loaded, protein-packed, fat-laden feast perfectly. My fiesta burger was getting grilled up while the peppers and onions heated up next to them. Near the end, he tossed my dense gluten-free carbs onto the griddle with some butter.The 2-batch fryer first housed my onion rings and curly fries; those came out and drained, and in went my sweet potato fries. Once everything was ready and piping out, it went into my to-go containers, and I got ready to dig in.I opened up my burger, and I was shocked at the presentation. It was this amazingly stacked well-constructed concoction; like something in a fancy restaurant. The ground beef was nearing 1", and though it was a smidgen dense, the pocket of melted cheese inside was awesome. The light smear of sour cream and guacamole paired well with the zippy onions and peppers. Best of all, my gluten-free bun was somewhat airy and chewy, kind of like a Schlotksky's bun!As expected, the fried offerings were slightly lacking. Straight out of a bag and into the fryer, they emerged from the oil with no seasoning. The onion rings were way too oily, the curly fries could have used a kick, and the sweet potato fries needed salt or a spicy note.ITB is a solid burger joint. It is worth a trip out to this odd geographic location. The stuffed burger trend is going strong, and they do a solid one here. Just remember when you are "In The Buns", dive into the burgers, not the fried stuff. Stay "In The Buns"; wow, that joke got old after the first time I wrote it.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,2/29/2012,129,231,8,8,8>Yum Factor = 5 stars Service = 5 Stars Price = 5 Stars Parking = Sucks! No worries I still love you guys but seriously the parking here can be uber challenging. I was worried I might get a ticket but once inside I saw three cops sitting down eating, wooo dodge the double parked ticket! I ordered my food to go just in case.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,2/28/2012,278,170,7,13,10>A few weeks ago I posted in Talk asking for advice in gardening. Thanks to the great advice of several Yelpers, I was sold on getting a Bokashi bin in less than 24 hours.  I made a call to Microbial Earth Farms and a sweet lady said they would have a bin waiting for me at their office. All I had to do was show up. I showed up at about 6:30 p.m. and Patrick was extremely helpful. I think I asked him every question a newbie composter would ask, and then some. And he was extremely patient and didn't make me feel like office hours ended eons ago!Two weeks ago, in an insomniac state, I wrote an essay e-mail to Emily and Patrick with a crapload of questions.  The e-mail was sent at 5:24 a.m.  I got a response from Patrick at 8:23 a.m. with an answer to all 5 sections of my essay.I've now had my Bokashi bin for about a month and I can't recommend buying a Bokashi bin from ANYWHERE else - unless of course it's the same Microbial Earth Farms bin and you decide to pick it up at any Farmer's Market in Austin. When you purchase the bin - you also get coupons for free bags of the Bokashi bran which you add to any of your kitchen food scraps.  I also recommend getting an additional pail with the GAMMA seal lids OR you can get a nice stainless steel kitchen counter top container to put scraps in as you go before opening and adding to the Bokashi bin. Also,  because Austin is Austin - the City will reimburse you $75 should you decide to choose to compost and buy the bin.  Below are the requirements for the Green30 Challenge: 1 - Buy a Bokashi or similar composting bin2 - Take an online course on composting or attend a seminar.3 - Downgrade from the 90 gallon trash container to the 30 gallon green ones you may have seen around Austin. More info is available here:  ci.austin.tx.us/sws/greeAnd, as Tara mentioned, the Compost Tea is fantastic for plants.  It's recommended you drain it every 2 or so days and dilute it then spray or water your plants and vegetables with it. My okra looks like it was touched by the Green Giant. Seriously, this is a win-win situation and I have both Microbial Earth to thank and the awesome Yelpers who pointed me in that direction!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,2/27/2012,79,202,5,7,6>The Fi and I had been here before, ordered a pizza, and thought it was just OK. But this past time we went, we were blown away--- it was one of the best pizzas we have had in a looong time.We had the #7 altered to our tastes: basil, feta, red onion, artichoke, + sausage, and no olives.  I think they added some extra seasonings on it as well. The "small" was no small pizza, it could have easily fed 4 people (we only managed to scarf half, the rest we took home).Oh, and how could I forget the great local beers they have on tap?(Only minus a star because if you come at dinner time there will easily be a long-ass wait, and there is nowhere to stand without being in an awkward spot... moral of the story: go early!)
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,2/26/2012,261,103,7,7,7>I write this review with sadness in my heart. Sadness because I just walked into my backyard, peeked over the fence, and saw that Taqueria Mi Tierra was not open. 8:30 a.m. on a Saturday, and I can't get the best Migas breakfast taco I've ever consumed. It's a sad day indeed.I love, love, love this place. The people working there are incredibly friendly, and you can tell they genuinely appreciate your business. And I have serious love for mobile vendors because I was a vending cart employee for 3 years in college. So ya know, mad props. (Also, when did I become someone who says 'mad props'?)I've only ever had the migas, but they're just so good I can't bring myself to move on and try something different. The only thing I wish: more consistent hours. But, considering I can see their open sign from my backyard, I suppose I shouldn't complain _too_ much. If they posted their hours somewhere, I would bump this up to 5 stars in a hurry.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,2/25/2012,272,389,14,12,13>Well, before I begin my review, it's been brought to my attention that naming specific people may offend those who were not named because they weren't included or something like that. I say get over it, but in the spirit of sparing feelings...I'll change the names to protect the innocent and spare the feeling of whomever cares.Who says the Pflugervillains don't have quality food establishments?! No...seriously...has anyone actually said that? I have no idea...I met some...friends...at this lil' mom and pop eatery for some good ole Italian American fare. Walking in, I was greeting by the banshee like cries of a sea of ankle biters. (I guess the gist of that statement is that there were a LOT of kids) I had done some interwebs research ahead of time and already knew what I wanted to try.My litmus for any Italian American restaurant is the spaghetti and meatballs. Classic, simple, yet surprisingly easy to screw up.  I also ordered the pizza bianca for the table. One of my friends...let's call this person Derrol, ordered the much raved about garlic rolls. Another friend, Crashley, ordered the pasta sampler. I believe it featured a sampling of lasagna, cannolini, and something else. She seemed to really enjoy it. Fofaniel ordered lasagna. He barely ate it, but he said he enjoyed it but had filled up on garlic rolls (more on those later) and said pizza bianca. I had prearranged the pizza selection with Crashley and Smalex, who had ordered a generously sized Caesar salad. On a side note...did you know the Caesar salad was actually invented in Mexico? In any case...for me the pizza was the highlight. Spinach, garlic, ricotta on thin crust was perfectly seasoned and so delicious. The garlic rolls were hot, yeasty, and brushed with garlic butter. Tasty, but oh so heavy. My spaghetti and meatballs were good, but a little watery. The pasta had not been drained completely and the sauce was simply ladled on top. That's actually a pasta pet peeve for me. I prefer my pasta tossed with the sauce to create an even coat. That being said, the marinara was rich with a robust tomato flavor. The meatballs, although a little small, were tender and well seasoned. Authentic Italian is difficult to find in the area, but there are a number of Italian American establishments. As far as the latter goes, Baris ranks toward the top. I look forward to coming back and trying more of the classics.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,2/24/2012,157,103,11,13,14>Okay, so first let's get the obvious complaint out of the way:  This place is pricey, there's no denying that.  A meal for two people, with drinks, will run about $45.  That's pretty expensive for a burger bar, but now let me explain why it's worth every single penny...Let's start with the drinks.  Sure, they have a full bar and a pretty good beer list, but what you really have to try are the "Adult Milkshakes" and the frozen cocktails.  If you go for the shakes, I humbly recommend the Maker's Mark Milkshake, which I absolutely loved.  The frozen cocktails are awesome too. They're basically Slurpees with alcohol, and include such classic flavors as the Screwdriver and Jack & Coke.Next up, let's talk about the burgers.  These are some of the craziest concoctions you will ever see, including such uncommon burger ingredients as fried eggs, pineapples, cajun shrimp fritters, calamari, tempura pickles, pork belly, and even duck confit.  Then there are the buns, which include brioche, Krispy Kreme glazed donuts, and grilled cheese sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure they have a mad scientist in the back who comes up with these things.  And the best part is that all of these wacky ingredients come together to form some absolutely fantastic burgers.So no, these aren't cheap burgers by any means.  But mad scientists don't work for free ya' know!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,2/23/2012,132,354,5,6,8>Love YOU, love this town, love this motherlovin' truck that keeps breakin' on down!Had the grilled ham and cheese which was done so nicely (don't you hate a soggy grilled cheese?) and super awesome seasoned waffle fries.  Also, ACE PEAR CIDER ON TAP for $3?  WIN all over the freaking place.  I'm not sure if that's because I was there between 4-7 or if it's all the time, but awesome nonetheless.Waitress was AWESOME and very friendly with a large party, got everything right as far as I could tell!Only PITA?  Itty bitty parking lot for how much they can hold.  Almost parked on the grass or down the road in the medical plaza, but luckily a spot opened up at the last second.  Can't wait for our second date, Hideout!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,2/22/2012,253,502,8,14,11>My first visit to Foot Relax today will be the first of many. For $35 I got an amazing hour of reflexology and a massage of my head, face, neck, shoulders, arms and hands. From there, she moved onto my feet and legs before telling me to turn over. That's when the real fun began! She did things to my back that should be done to every person who sits in front of a computer all day...every day. Seriously. All of our employers should make this mandatory at 5PM. We'd all be happier. Of course the bars might lose some business...Do yourself a favor and make visits to Foot Relax a part of your regular routine. You'll thank me later.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,2/21/2012,67,55,9,13,9>I was on the Mopac over-pass with my fiancee, turning around to hit Braker when I saw "Tootie Pies" peeking over the edge of the highway. "Honey! HONEY!!" I wagged my finger madly. "Look! PIES!!"And thus, our first trip to Tootie Pies began. It was closed, sadly, so we drug our feet elsewhere and I vowed to come here another day.Fast-forward to that Sunday - I was on my own, doing some mindless shopping and trying to find something to nibble, and lo! It was open! I suppose it wouldn't hurt to swing by...They had (and still have) a special set for $10, which includes a sandwich, drink and slice of pie. This is a great deal, so definitely go this route. I went with the sweet chicken salad sandwich, which was tender chicken mixed with some light mayonnaise, grapes, salt and pepper. It was SUBLIME, a little sweet and savory, just how I like my chicken salads! The bread was toasted and loaded with lettuce and a slice of tomato...mmm I'm craving it just thinking about it!The iced tea had a full body and a hint of something aromatic...not sure what. But the pie.Oh my GOD. The PIE. I decided to play it safe and go with pumpkin. It was fragrant, sweet, a little spicy...it was the perfect marriage of dimension and simplicity. I texted the man to brag about my delightful jaunt, to which he responded "BRING SOME HOME."We have to date tried the pumpkin, apple (which is freaking LOADED!), and buttermilk custard. Our favorite is definitely the buttermilk. It's rich, luxurious, and not overly sweet. Just perfect.With ice cream, cupcakes, and now THIS nearby...I think I'm going to have to up my work-outs a wee bit.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/20/2012,290,563,4,8,6>I really regret not visiting The Goodnight Diner while it was open in Drippin' Springs. For most of the year I don't eat dinner except on special occasions so the limited evening hours they had didn't work for me. Then, they closed and moved to Wimberley! You guessed it a lunch menu review forthcoming; this time without the boy cruising south just before work.The location has proved death for previous establishments; but perhaps with the GND at the helm it just might make a good run. The space is mostly kitchen with a few tables inside so I chose a spot overlooking the small patio. Behind the space is someones daring yet failed vision of a bustling tourist stop complete with miniature golf course and hopeful renters eager to display antiques. I picked a soup to test the waters. Brilliant flavors on the garlic and potato soup, the dish begged for colorful herbs and black pepper. Where can you get chicken and waffles in Wimberley? Goodnight good Sir! I thought the batter was a bit overdone and the advertised kick of  Schracha missing, but the bird was moist as can be. Damn fine waffle as well, bourbon flavor missing from the syrup. Flavors have to match up with the description so a decent showing with amazing potential.What is the formula for making a successful restaurant in this town? Much like Drippin' few have perfected the craft of luring in diners for more than a few years without folding. Take my advice and think age considerate portions and local everything. Goodnight Diner happily has a good start in my hood perhaps keeping us country folk and a few more days out of the big city.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/19/2012,255,164,4,17,13>I was referred to Dr. Ashworth through my Endocrinologist, for a thyroidectomy. I haven't had surgery since I was in high school, so I was a little nervous about the whole procedure.     Our initial consultation appointment put my mind at ease. His upbeat attitude, professionalism, and great bedside manner was reassuring. He showed a genuine concern for my fears of complications, and explained everything very thoroughly. There's always a chance for something to go wrong in a surgery, but he let me know he'd be taking his time to lessen the probability.  The surgery itself went fine, and I frequently get comments about how remarkably well the small incision scar is healing in such a short time. He did a great job sewing me up, from what I understand.    A couple days after my surgery, I had strange symptoms from my parathyroid glands not working properly, which is a common post-op occurrence. I called Dr. Ashworth as he'd instructed, and he was very accessible. He took care of the problem and has followed up with me since then, when needed.If I ever need another surgery, Dr. Ashworth is my first choice.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,2/18/2012,77,205,7,10,10>Twenty five-star reviews at the time of writing?  Is it too good to be true?  Nope.  Max and his team really are that good.Max helped us acquire a mortgage within the last few months and it was honestly ten times less painful than I expected it to be in large part to his availability and prompt response to almost every question I had.  We were unsure about what we would qualify for at the beginning and he was more than willing to explore many mortgage options with us during the process of prequalification.A few of the lovely things about Prime Lending:  No charge for nixing the escrow account with 20% down, no prepayment penalties on mortgages, really competitive rates and origination fees, and a staff that stays late and goes the extra mile to make sure paperwork is ready.  Max attends your closing, which in our case helped fix a paperwork snafu immediately.  One of my favorite things, however, was after we locked down a rate Max emailed me every day for a month with the daily loan rates so we could see if the market went up or down that day and potentially lock in a lower rate (it didn't go down once, and Max made a good call in telling us to lock ASAP before it went up.)I completely recommend this company to anyone looking for a painless mortgage experience - well, except for that whole paying-off-the-mortgage part.  Not so painless in that sense.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,2/16/2012,215,283,7,8,9>So I heard smack-talk that Hole in the Wall and Nasty's had a classier baby.  Or maybe it was the other way around, I got no time to keep track of paternity.  They've all been around at least 15 years anyway, so it's possible a mom or dad got it on with a son or daughter.  Their innards are similar, location is wack if you are one of the late-night club-hopping crowd, and people consistently pack the joint.  Seating is eh, there's nowhere to dance unless you and the other audience members commandeer the floor and shove the tables away.  Unlike Hole or Nasty's, though, bands are strangely of the caliber you might see at Antone's or Continental Club.  And this brings me to why the Saxon gets a 4 star... on the Pritchard scale of club measurement, the Saxon has managed to skew itself extremely highly in two directions to offset its otherwise paltry qualities.1. the guy in charge of booking here, who has been booking shows in Austin forever, knows who's of a decent caliber, but more importantly2. Saxon's sound guy + the p.a. they have, together, really know what they're doing. Seriously.  It is like the gods who saw fit to have people spend a fortune to build One World Theatre out in Bee Cave all-fancy-and-great kept some of that magic in a box and opened it up on Saxon without telling the developers. (yes I know Saxon's a lot older, but whatever).Keep it up, Saxon. You may be a one-trick pony, but it's a pretty damn good trick.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,2/15/2012,149,298,13,10,8>Remember slumber parties? You know, a bunch of giggly girls sitting around gossiping and getting high on sugar and other junk food?Great Nails is like a slumber party BUT SO MUCH BETTER.1. The guys (and one or two girls) that work here are amazing. They are super friendly all the time, ask you questions, and it makes for a great environment.2. The pedicures and manicures are fantastic. They give you a complete leg/foot massage (or arm/hand massage) -- easily worth more than what they charge.3. They don't charge a lot. Pedicures are $25. Manicures are $10. And they take their time. It is worth it. 4. Everyone here drinks. Sure, sometimes I have to wait because this place gets busy, but all I gotta do is run next door and me and my girl friend will toss back a bottle of wine. Time flies when you're drinking wine.I'm telling you, it's only a matter of time before a pillow fight breaks out.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,2/14/2012,254,785,20,13,8>Highland Mall is like the Black Knight in the Monty Python and the Holy Grail - lost Dillard's ('Tis only a scratch), lost Macy's (Just a flesh wound).  You can pass by it but you can't defeat it.There's one thing that's kind of cool about a mall so haplessly out of date that, if you listen close, you can hear Tiffany's ghost singing - small businesses can afford space in the mall.So in a food court where you'd expect a sea of fast food chains, there is a small Peruvian restaurant where the owners actually work there!Peruvian is hard to find in this area but trust me when I tell you it's by far the most underrated cuisine in the Western Hemisphere.  I was psyched to see that La Chaparrita serves two of my favorites:  Lomo Saltado and Aji de Gallina.  No Pollo a la Brasa (the Peruvian take on rotisserie chicken) but the owner promised me they'd add it if/when they get a proper kitchen.  (Now if they can only get the spices to make Peruvian green 'aji' sauce).The Lomo Saltado (sliced sirloin with fried potatoes, tomatoes and onions in a vinegar/soy sauce) was solid - especially given the price (~$8) and location.  The vinegar + soy sauce went perfectly with the accompanying rice.Definitely worth trying out even if it means having to go to the Black Knight of malls.  For now, Highland Mall, we'll call it a draw.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,2/13/2012,354,138,8,12,10>This is a true destination on the square in San Marcos.  It is hard to talk about acoustics but it's not like talking about music, or dancing about architecture for that matter.  The acoustics here are great and the architecture is appropriate.  This renovated theater on the square didn't have to change much to become an awesome music venue.  There is plenty of room in the pit in front of the stage, and a balcony surrounds the back of the theater.  The stage would do well to welcome traveling acts who play the college circuit, and with a capacity of 1000 it could certainly pack them in.This venue us spacious and yet intimate.  It reminded me of the Austin music hall when it still had a soul.  Before it got too big for its britches. According to its owners who are devoted to music and musicians, this venue boasts a state of the art sound and lighting system that is as good as what can be found anywhere. From the types of shows they had sandwiching our dance party, I am fairly certain that this is the next discovery for the jaded Austinite looking to roadtrip far enough away to not feel like Austin, but not so far that one might fear for their life in the backwoods of some other small town at a honky-tonk where the room gets quiet when you walk in and order a cosmo.  *Screech!*  "What, ain't they got beer whar yore frum city slicker?"You will not be disappointed by TMT.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,2/12/2012,26,87,9,16,12>Young men, pay attention:  If you are in a new relationship and your new girlfriend likes wine, you need to take her here.  Check their hours first because I believe they are only open lateR on Friday and Saturday nights.  Wines are very good (try the Vino Rosso, Cab Franc or the Sangiovese) and affordable so you can even purchase a bottle to take away with you.  Cheese plate is also a nice touch and is a good value - it's under $10 and comes with 2 cheeses, pepperoni and garlic toasts.  It's on the square in downtown Georgetown between 2 gift shops... I don't think it could be any frickin' cuter.They also have a wine club that is $50 per quarter and you get their new releases before they are sold in the store.  I'm a big fan of this place and it helps to get to know the owners.  They have recently renovated the place and they no longer make wine in the actual shop.  (So if you haven't been there in a while, you should go back and give it another try.)
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,2/11/2012,458,426,8,10,10>Is there another space in Austin that you can walk into and be utterly saturated with delightful smells--the intoxicating smells that sway your entire plan for the day, the smells that permeate your clothes--without you regretting it later? We sashayed in from a typically amazing lunch at Veggie Heaven (a few doors down) and were met with a carnival of popcorn. As a child of the 70s, you'd think I'd appreciate the whole Willy Wonka aesthetic. Pickle popcorn! Biscuits and gravy popcorn! Unicorn farts popcorn!I never cared much for that Gene Wilder movie, and the Johnny Depp version was even more boring. But sign me up for a double dose of the unicorn farts popcorn, because this stuff is truly tasty. The gal working the counter was a wizard behind the curtain, ready to produce any insane flavor our hearts could divine. For real--we took away dill pickle popcorn, chocolate/cherry popcorn, and birthday cake popcorn, and all of it was fantastic.The Go Local card scored us an additional kids-size bag, and even without it the price was great. Cornucopia Popcorn Creations has tons of flavors, most of them there for you to sample in the store. I highly recommend them as a pit-stop on your way to a house party, even if the "house party" is just a night at home. Show up with a bag of this stuff and you will leave on the shoulders of all who enjoyed it.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,2/10/2012,150,193,8,7,11>Señor Smidgens here! I went to Malverde on Cinco De Mayo for a private TIKKR party and it was muy caliente to say the least! Sitting high above La Condesa this place rocks 2 patios and a great bar with a DJ spinning out some tunes to make those hips start to move! After partaking in the free libations of Tecate, Dos Equis, and some of the strongest margaritas the most interesting man in the world has ever tasted I decided to open the tab! SHOT..SHOT..SHOT.SHOT..SHOT..SHOT!!! And that's how it started. From helping damsels in distress, wrestling with a luchador, and showing the Most Interesting Man in the world that he was not that interesting Malverde provided the perfect platform. The drinks were strong and the service was fast. With a glowing Jesus and liquor by the bottle this was the perfect place for a Cinco De Mayo fiesta!! Gracias, Señor Smidgens
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,2/9/2012,368,209,10,13,14>Do I review the theater or Jim L., yelper extraordinaire and even more extraordinary performer?I didn't know what to expect from this theatre but as Jessica S. said, it's a super cute! I wish they served more than sodas and candy bars, but I guess we're not really there to eat and drink. I'm so spoiled.Balcony seats were great and Evita! was even better. Jim L. blew all our socks off in the role of Peron--or heels, I guess--he blew off our heels! Bravo!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,2/8/2012,117,121,7,16,15>From start to finish, this is the best new addition to S. Lamar in years.  Yes, it is in a gas station  and the ambiance isn't top notch...but goddamn, it is just flat out good food.  I have had the whole menu sans the portabello sandwich (blech) and I have yet to find anything that hasn't blown my socks off.  The meats they use are all grass fed and organic and come from the owners farm in Fredericksburg.  He also must have a hell of a peach tree operation considering he supplies all the peaches for HEB's ice cream division and for Texas Tea, as well.  The prices are a little higher than what you would find at your average burger shop, but I feel that you get what you pay for.  I go in and crush a cheesesteak and french fries and instead of my usual straight to bed feeling that i get, I am able to continue my day without a nap.These guys run a tight ship.  I was there the day the health inspector came and they received a 98% rating, I think.  The only marks off were because employees' water bottles were in the food refrigerators.  They never fail to ask you how your food was and if you have a problem at all, I have no doubt that they will take care of it immediately. I love this place.     Give it a shot.  Long live Wholly Cow!!!1
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/7/2012,813,294,16,25,22>Maoz. Say it like "mayos," as in "I like the Hellmans mayos."So, I really like this place. It's clean and shiny and I think you can only work here if you have OCD, which is a big plus for me. Let's see. We will start with the obvious. Falafel. Soft, warm, perfectly spiced. Then, pita. I ordered the jr meal, a half pita, fries, drink ($7-ish). Pita was thick and held together like a nice baseball glove. There was some other stuff, hummus, eggplant? But they were unnoticeable in the sandwich. Fries. Awesome. Thick cut, Belgian fries, in a paper cone. $3 (if they are a side).  Really good. Seriously, dip them in sriracha and tahini sauce mixed together. Speaking of tahini sauce, that shit is good. The "toppings bar" is nice, organized, colorful and labeled. The labels let you know if it's vegan or gluten free, and there are many choices. I went with roasted red peppers, and green hot chili sauce. I threw some of the broccoli/cauliflower mix on my tray to try. It's a little greasy, but tasty. For the people complaining about "not enough room in the pita," or the "one trip to the bar," get over it. The pita comes on a tray, throw all the shit you want on the tray. Try it all. I saw one customer ask for a little bowl. She tried one of everything. I didn't, but I'm sure it was nice. The jr meal deal is a good deal of food. Too much for me. Meat Eater ordered the #1, the whole pita, fries and drink ($9-ish). He loved the garlic sauce. It's not vegan, but it's probably awesome. He also tried the carrot slices. He said "real good" when I asked what he thought. Prices are fine, food is great. Toppings are awesome. Employees are friendly. And concept is perfectly simple. Yum.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,2/6/2012,724,628,8,31,17>Like Buffalo Exchange, but with a higher proportion of pieces that would appeal to a 40+ crowd.  Since I am now in that crowd (sigh), I like this place.  I always come away with stuff I know I"ll use and love at good prices.  Last time I visited, I got a brand new with tags Badgley Mischka dress for $50 (original tag says $475!); a Halé Bob dress for $35;  an Ann Taylor dress for $30; an INC top for $15; and an Ann Taylor top for $10.Honestly, though, I unfortunately have to agree with others about the service here.  The rule that the customer is king (or queen, as the case may be) does not apply in this store.  First of all, no returns or exchanges, which is a bummer.  I understand why they have this policy, but other resale stores allow refunds or exchanges for a short period of time, and I would just really, really prefer to have that option.  Also, I have never been in here when anybody went out of their way to help me or say anything to me other than an introductory hello.  Again, not a huge problem - just not ideal.  But worst of all, the last time I was here, I bought a dress with the intention of wearing it to an event that evening.  As I went to put it on shortly before the event, I discovered it still had a big plastic security tag on it.  Needless to say, I didn't get to wear that dress that night.  But the owner was very apologetic about the gaffe and gave me a coupon to use on my next visit.Despite these minor irritations, the ability to buy cute stuff at such reasonable prices rules the roost.  A girl has got to have priorities, and in the long run, looking better on a budget is more important to me than being catered to...luckily for Restyle.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,2/5/2012,325,414,10,12,12>What a delicious brunch spot!It's quite delicious. I couldn't decide on a drink, so I started with a Bloody Beer. Sticking with "local stuff," it's made with a Fireman's and a lot of delicious, with a touch of spice. I ended with a pomegranate mimosa and it was also quite delicious.I had a pancake. You know how sometimes pancakes get a light crust on them if they've been sitting too long? This one was done perfectly. I had the vanilla syrup, but you can also get the almond-citrus syrup. I shared the smoked-gouda grits and boy, where they goud-a!  The bacon on the side was perfectly done. Not too greasy, not over done, just right!All the meals looked wonderful. I would most definitely go back. And I may want to try one of those sticky buns. They looked amazing!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,2/4/2012,160,162,14,11,8>One day I decided that I needed to buy a shark, a stingray, a durian, a starfruit, and an eel. I was going to make a shark, stingray, durian, starfruit, eel soup and it was going to be amazing. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  And then I was... CRUSHED. I mean where would I find a shark and stingray? And durians, starfruit, and eels for that matter? I mean WHO SELLS THAT?!?!?!?!?!?Ok, well kidding aside, MT Supermarket not only sells the aforementioned LIST-OF-CRAZY, but also sells an extensive variety of really... everything. You want raw taro root? They have it. You want smelt roe? Got it. Dried squid? Have it. Sure this isn't Chinatown in NY or SF for that matter, but MT Supermarket is definitely my choice for the bizarre and the exotic smack dab in the middle of North Austin. Can't wait to return to browse even more extensively the aisles after a delicious bowl of pho at the neighboring Pho Saigon.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/2/2012,461,645,16,24,19>I walked by Gigi's coincidentally at the same time I was contemplating "what's for dinner".  Through the window I could see kids and adults alike grinning ear to ear in front of beautifully decorated cupcakes piled high in frosting. I decided champagne and cupcakes for dinner didn't sound like a bad idea.The owner mentioned they just opened today and that the cupcakes run $3.25 per cupcake or buy 11 get 1 free. There were so many different types of cupcakes and they all looked delicious.  I decided on the cherry swirl for me and strawberry milkshake for Jesse.The cherry swirl is a yellow cupcake with cherries baked in, topped with a generous portion of cherry buttermilk frosting with sprinkles and a cherry on top.  The cupcake was moist with just enough pieces of cherry and I loved the frosting.   The strawberry milkshake's frosting was swirled up to look like a soft serve ice cream and had a small straw sticking at an angle near the top, it was adorable. I didn't eat the strawberry milkshake cupcake but did stick my finger in the frosting (shhhh).  The frosting was light and very much tasted like a malt.With the variety of cakes they offer there is surely one to fancy the ficklest of  palettes. Glad to see Cedar Park get a cupcake bar!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,2/1/2012,224,413,15,13,11>There was a buffalo at the Veloway this morning. I see so many roadrunners,rabbits deers and snakes and occasional an eagle, but a buffalo that took me by surprise. I tried to get a picture on my Iphone but my hands were so sweaty it didn't come out. Then the buffalo stormed away and I thought it might be best to steer clear of it.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/31/2012,522,1205,9,16,14>Love, Mom Gourmet Lunchbox opened in the Hill Country Galleria last week and it is quickly becoming my go-to for a cheap lunch on my work route. Yes you read that correctly cheap in the same sentence as HCG. The decor might be country cozy with wood tables covered in colorful vinyl covers but the food is definitely gourmet! Growing up my Mom never put anything like raspberry chipotle sauce or black bean aioli on a sandwich...Momma Rhonda has created an awesome healthy, tasty and fresh menu of Hot and Cold Sandwiches, soups, salads and desserts at a very reasonable price!My first visit I had the Ham and Brie Panini with a delicious apricot chile relish and chose the creamy Roasted Red Pepper and Tomato Soup for an additional 1.50 charge and still under 9.00! - Sandwiches include a side for average 7.00. Today I stopped by and decided on one of their soups of the day - the Lentil and Sausage was tempting but I decided on the Chili after inquiring if it had beans (yes) - perfect comfort food on a chili day!FYI for my Gluten intolerant friends - all sandwiches can be served on gluten free bread.I had a hard time finding them the first time - they are located behind Iron Cactus on the left.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,1/30/2012,214,72,36,33,27>Read on my Yelpers and you shall hark, the humiliating adventure of "Warrior Mark."Once upon a time, there was a deal-of-the-day gatherer named Mark K., who sought a unique activity for he and a soon to be visiting friend. Destiny smiled upon him when he discovered a Facebook deal for 40% off a 2-hour trapeze class. After purchasing $90 worth of aerobatic instruction, the young(ish) man was informed that his friend would not be visiting after all. Unwilling to waste this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity (or however often they put out these deals), our hero hastily found a replacement and registered for a class just before the deal's expiration date.When the day of reckoning finally arrived, the protagonist and his accomplice arrived at the South Austin Soccer Zone to a group of disapproving scowls due to their ten-minute tardiness. After profusely apologizing and internally rejoicing about the gender inequality (10 girls : 2 guys, one of which was an instructor by day and cabaret performer by night), our squire and his sidekick filled out their release waivers and SQUEEEEZED into lung constricting safety corsets.After a two-minute crash course on the low bar, our heroic duo was beckoned to the high beam to perform the beginner trick, A FREAKIN BACKFLIP!? Being the chivalrous (and by no means cowardly) gentleman that he is, Mark K. allowed his lovely ally to go first.  With a lifetime of dance instruction under her belt, our heroine glided through the air with the grace of an experienced trapezist. Mark K., on the other hand, displayed the coordination of the village drunk.His first attempt wasn't pretty, but he managed to land in the safety net unscathed. His second attempt ended with a shin-splitting (literally) bicycle kick to the high bar. On his third attempt, Mark K. lost his grip and nearly ripped a callus clear off his left hand, which he didn't realize until a drop of blood stained his sock. Refusing to quit for the sake of pride and the fear of looking like a pussy in front of the ladies, Mark signaled for the first aid kit and covered his flesh wound. Like a sick joke by the God of déjà vu, Mark's fourth attempt resulted in the gory removal of a callus from his opposite hand."I take it you're done for the day?" asked the instructor; clearly wishing Mark would give up before he put his release waiver to the ultimate test."I'm not leaving this place without a cast." Mark responded to a chorus of laughter, in spite of the fact that he was trying to sound brave in front of the fair maiden.With more tape around his hands than a Mixed Martial Artist, Mark ascended the ladder for his final attempt at the Knee Hang Catch Trick. (Google it)"GO, WARRIOR MARK!" shouted the teacher preparing to catch him from the opposite high bar.With chalk in his wounds and doubt in his heart, Mark lunged off the platform, hooked his knees on the trapeze bar and swung upside down with his disproportionate T-rex arms extending as far as they possibly could. When he reached the pinnacle of his swing, Mark successfully grasped the forearms of the inverted instructor and said goodbye to the rod that had been kicking his ass all over the trapeze class for the last 90 minutes.As he flipped from the net for the last time that day, our brave and broken acrobat was greeted by the chanting of, "WARRIOR, MARK! WARRIOR, MARK!"The End.Long story short: TRAPEZING IS F#%KING AWESOME!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,1/29/2012,766,303,18,16,15>I'm in love. I'm crazy in love. Somewhere around this magical place, I fell in love. She took me here. And there we were (and have been), my legs brushed up against and slightly hugging the woman I would be crazy in love with ... so subtly and secretly under the table that probably no one ever noticed a thing. Lovely liciousness in all types of form are to be had here. Liciousness must be the way others would describe Tomodachi since 1/2 of Austin may or may not be in here all at once at any given time. It's guaranteed at least 1/4 of Austin will be in here no matter what. Unfortunately, Tomodachi will not take reservations unless you have at least 5 people in your party; it is also extremely loud at times (the reason for 4 and not 5 stars). Boo!!! Tomodachi's tomolicious atmosphere is sexy quaint and sexy intimate with low lighting and pretty, playful, sleek decor. Their friendly waitstaff somehow keeps you hooked up without even being noticed. Lots of understated over-the-top going on - it's there for the taking if you know how to find it. Thank Gawdess I did. P.S. It is probably imperative to mention this is the place that made me appreciate real, authentic sushi. Literally - this Tomolicious Tomodachi is where it all happened. I never ever - never - liked the real deal raw sushi until Tomolicious Tomodachi.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,1/28/2012,485,555,20,17,15>Everyone knows I am not a fan of the Little Mermaid. That father's-life-risking hussy can become tonight's seafood special - and I'd order it. Her one enviable gift, however: swimming skills. This is why the boy and I snatched a deal for 4 adult swimming lessons each at the Swim School of Austin. He's not totally comfortable around water, and I'm a lazy swimmer. If I landed in a pool of water, I'd probably look around for a second before thinking: nah, it's ok - I'll go ahead and drown.We made our joint appointment (which they prefer you keep consistently from week to week) and got our swimming skivvies in order. After nearly driving passed the place we marched in, determined not to drown and also showing off that we can march: it's just the swimming that gets us.Our first lesson with Robert was pretty neat. He sets you up so you have zero chance of drowning while you practice. He asked us about our swim level, had us show him whatever we knew, and got to work. One hour later, we were feeling pretty good. We even got practice homework. Yeah.So Ariel and I will never be friends. So what. I do like Ursula: that cephalopod mollusc could definitely get around under water. In a few more lessons I can lend her a helping hand to get that poor unfortunate redhead soul on someone's dinner plate.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,1/27/2012,476,262,28,21,21>The less you wear, the better.The less you care, the better.The less you scare, the better.I used to think Willie Nelson was a nudist because I knew he lived out in this direction.During one summer of college I had the most interesting job... walking around in my bikini trying to interest Paleface Park visitors in homes to be built next door. The woman who hired me said that it is always helpful to start out by saying, "can you help me?"  It puts people in a position to listen, and not defend.  I thought it was manipulative.  I think I lasted a week. For the rest of the month, I pretended to go to work but would just go to Hippie Hollow instead.Currently owned by the LCRA and leased by Travis County, this park is the only official clothing optional park in Texas. The park's 18+ status was challenged in 1999 as un-nudist-like and anti-family with the argument that the German and Czech cultural heritage was at stake. Did you know there is a Hippie Hollow website?  The site features this Quote:Nonviolence is the greatest forceat the disposal of mankind.It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destructiondevised by the ingenuity of man~ Mohandas K. GandhiYes, indeed, the pen.is mightier than the sword, as always and forevermore. amen.Unless of course, it's not.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,1/26/2012,989,456,16,24,19>Today I received an e-mail from a friend who told me that a new restaurant and tequila bar called Hugo's had opened, and that I should check it out. How new? I ate there today...only their second day of being open. Located below the ultra-modern Cole apartments off South Lamar, Hugo's occupies the corner space immediately preceding The Spicy Pickle. Mother and I popped in for a late lunch and a margarita to see what this new restaurant was all about. Parking is located in the garage just around the corner. When we walked in, we were greeted with a big smile by the hostess, who said it was no problem if we'd like to sit at the bar. She provided us with drink menus and a list of drink specials.The ambiance is light, bright, and modern. The bar is rather long, and they have not only a spacious interior space, but also what looks to be a nice sized patio outside as well. Michael was our bartender, and I asked if there were any tequilas he could recommend. By my count, there were almost 50 beautiful, glistening bottles of tequila all lined up; basically, any of them would work out. Being a creature of habit, I ordered a Patron on the rocks, no-salt, and Mom ordered an iced tea. He mixed a decent margarita. The equally polite female bartender brought over the food menu for us, and my eyes immediately went to an appetizer called "Duck Cigars": pulled duck, goat cheese, and spices all wrapped up and deep fried in a flour tortilla and served with a special mayo. I have to admit I was tempted by a lot of dishes listed on the menu, but this one sounded amazing.In no time at all, I was savoring what can be described as the haute couture version of a flauta/taquito. The meat was well-cooked and the sweet sauce on top tasted of cilantro and mixed well with the cooler mayo dip. The only note I would give on this would be there was not enough goat cheese to really taste it, so the flavors were mostly the meat and spices. However, I would defnitely order this again. I wanted to try their guacamole, but really didn't require an entire order, which was described as a generous portion served with totrilla chips. The bartender was nice enough to bring a sample from the back of both the queso and the guacamole, and an individual serving of chips. Their guacamole was certainly interesting--it was made with sun-dried tomatoes, something I had never had before. It started off cool and creamy, then ended with a kick of lime that you aren't expecting. It was delicious guacamole, even with these new twists to an old favorite.Perusing their dessert menu, I was seduced by their Tres Leches cake described as prepared in the authentic Nicaraguan style. It's a large portion, easily shared between two people. There was a method to my madness behind this choice, as I usually don't care for Tres Leches at all; I wanted to see if they'd be able to impress me. I was pleasantly surprised to find it moist but not runny, and the frosting sweet but not overwhelming. A big thumbs up for the dessert. As an extra note, it looks that for a lot of dishes, the name of the game is bacon. I say this because they actually have one titled "'You Had Me At Bacon", which is half a pound...of bacon. Bacon and tequila: someone's done their research on what the people like.We received prompt service all around, and Michael even prepared an iced tea for Mom to go. Prices are reasonable ($6-10 appetizer, $9-15 for entrees), although they haven't quite drawn up a Happy Hour menu yet (it was only their second day, after all); it's definitely something I hope they look into. I expect its location below the apartments would make it an excellent spot for residents to drink, and its proximity to Zach Scott Theatre an ideal pre- or post-show hangout. I'm still dying to go and try out different tequilas, of course. And it doesn't hurt that the bartender was hot, too. We'll have to see where Hugo's goes from here. As of today, though--I'm a fan.4 stars.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,1/25/2012,4221,482,9,18,15>I've been a dear fan of Lily's Sandwiches lately.  The owners and their daughter run the show here and they are always super duper nice.  Always have a great time here when I stop by as I always enjoy the food and company.  They're known for the Bahn Mi sandwiches, they also sell an array of packaged food that's on-the-go, portable snacks, smoothies, bubble teas, and let's not forget - - an abundance of homemade fried bananas and egg rolls - all made from scratch.Speaking of the egg rolls - they ROCK!  Made fresh daily they sell them for $0.80 a piece, but catch Lan or her daughter in a good mood close to closing time and they'll play "Let's Make A Deal!".  Sometimes negotiations get intense, but we always end up laughing since it's all fun and games.  They don't like to waste food and are always willing to offer a deal as opposed to throwing good food away.   Not only are the egg rolls quite awesome, but Lan's spicy fish sauce is so tasty.  I'm not typically a fan of nuoc cham or nuoc mam, but their daughter told me to try it since it's homemade and I was floored.  It wasn't as fishy, had a spicy kick to it, and it was salty yet tasty.  Great for dipping I always ask for it now.  And on a final note:  Lan makes the best damn Pho I have ever had.  It's not on the menu, but I asked about Pho one day and she offered it make some for me and my mom.  I was so impressed w/ how tasty it was, their daughter told me it was MSG-free - - no way!!!  AWESOME!  I think Lan needs to add it on the menu, they'd give Saigon a run for their money.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,1/24/2012,467,441,15,21,17>I've you've hung out with me for over an hour, or if you've ever been to my apartment, you've discovered that I have a bit of an addictive personality. I'm obsessed with a lot of things, mainly things like beer, turtles, t shirts (they take up 2 1/2 drawers of my 6 drawer dresser!) and gadgetry... but every once in a while something utterly feminine sneaks it's way into my addictions. I have an impressive collection of lip glosses and a lot of bubble bath/shower gel/shampoo thingies by Philosophy. Lush has become my latest and greatest addiction, thanks to a last minute trip there with my buddy, Noelle D.I'd heard her singing the praises of the fabulousness of this store and my grandma loves bubble bath stuff, so I (very willingly) dragged Noelle here after lunch on the Wednesday before Christmas. She kind of gave me the spiel about how the sales people can be a little aggressive, so I was prepared. When the sales guy that approached me was a fabulous, flamboyant college-aged kid, I knew I was done for. He was oh so helpful in helping me find the perfect gifts for my grandma... also suggesting things that I should try. He described the mechanisms of action for each product (like the difference between the bath bombs and the bath melts) and gave me a hand treatment for my very sensitive hands. I had to hold myself back from buying almost everything in sight. Who knew that a shampoo in bar form would be so amazing?! Some of the bath bombs not only color and fizz in the water, but give the appearance of flower petals floating on the surface! The gift sets were reasonably priced and there were some for every budget.I ended up walking out of there with a bunch of stuff for my grandma (I had to write down the instructions for each thing for her), wrapped in a pretty scarf like a basket, and a few things for myself. While it appears that things are a little overpriced, I was satisfied with what I ended up paying in the end, though it was a tad more than I'd intended. But, hey, grandma is worth it (and so am I and my addictions!)I'm kind of glad that Lush is a bit of a hike from my house (unlike Sephora), otherwise I'd be spending WAY too much time and money here.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,1/23/2012,704,840,21,24,22>Hello El Paso, Texas.  How I have missed you.  I love that part of the menu is in Spanish.  The cute "Coronacita" salt shaker made me feel like I was back home along with the Cerveza sign, piped in Conjunto music and cheap, as a Sarah Palin bumper sticker in 2012, menu items.The hubby and I each had a large breakfast platter of eggs (migas for me and egg and chorizo for him), refried beans (no lard) and fried potatoes along with a basket of corn and flour tortillas.  I swooned when I tasted the salsa.  Perfect heat and veggie blend with a touch of cilantro.    We spent $7.30 for both breakfast plates.  (The menu prices go up by a buck after 11 a.m.)  Why, I ask you, would you ever drive through Torchy's again? Pay the same for a sit down breakfast with excellent service and three times the food.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,1/22/2012,495,689,40,30,35>Dear Austin Yelpers:When I become a famous rock star, we'll have an exclusive concert at Auditorium Shores together, just to own the night. My favorite Austin trailers and beverage distributors will be there, giving away their wares freely, because the record company will reimburse them. If the weather holds true, it'll be a night we'll remember.In the meantime, if you want a little taste, find Coreanos and try their Three Wise Fries and the OG burrito. I follow this trailer on Twitter to insure where they'll be, and the Coreanos people follow us on Yelp.  The fries are terrific, but that burrito is sublime.  If you do finish an entire burrito and plate of fries, don't go directly in front of the stage and start dancing madly - I'll always love you, but Security will get upset.Yours in Yelp forever, Errol M.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/21/2012,315,239,8,13,11>Oh how I love soup weather!  Even if cedar season comes along with it, I can at least comfort myself with a giant, fragrant bowl of broth-y goodness spiked with a pepper or two. And I do believe PhoNatic will be my new go-to place to do just that. Why?Cheerful staff & owners (who happen to be big Horns fans), a detailed menu with offerings for carnivores, fish-eaters, and vegans, delicious food, prompt service, clean & modern dining area, flatscreens for watching the game, and my favorite high powered Dyson hand dryer! But let's get back to the food....You walk up to order at the counter a la Pei Wei or Firebowl, and the menu is displayed on a sweet giant flatscreen monitor as you wait in line. Right off the bat, I love seeing the detailed descriptions with English translations of what is in each menu item AND the ingredient options available for a build-your-own soup, rice bowl, or noodle bowl. So many choices! You've got your traditional beef options, white & dark chicken, smokey grilled pork, plus a myriad of seafood including fishballs, shrimp, crabstick, and fish fillet. Well, la-tee-dah, you can even get filet mignon. If you don't want any of that, you can also try some beef stew or bahn mi sliders or one of those exotic fruit smoothies.So far, I've had the traditional #203 (beef broth with rare eye of round steak & veggies with rice noodle) and the #507 (grilled pork over vermicelli & veggies, plus added eggroll). These were both perfect dishes (super fresh ingredients, tender meats, generous portions, tasty flavors), which means I'll be dragging everyone I know back here each week until I make my way around the rest of the menu.Julie T. was right when she told me that PhoNatic has one of the best beef broths in town, all homemade, slow cooked without MSG. She should know, since she used to work at Pho Saigon and can speak with authority on what makes delicious pho. Oh so good!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,1/20/2012,392,291,16,11,11>Tenderland is my new favorite guilty pleasure place in Austin.The BBQ Burger on a jalapeno cheddar bun is easily the best burger in town. My favorite thing about all their burgers is how the meat halos the bun. It's just a nice reminder that you're gonna get some meat in every bite.On an odd note, it seems to start raining every time I've eaten here. So if anyone wants to hire me to eat at Tenderland, my rate is $25 an hour plus food expenses.*written by Camron's assistant.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,1/19/2012,154,152,8,8,12>I have been to Fado for a regular drink.. or two. But this review is dedicated to my St. Patty's day experience. So we get up early, the earliest I have gotten up to go TO a bar, 6:30 AM. Upon entering we see the bag pipers already playing in the doorway. We were told it was sit wherever you want so we stalked a table until someone finally got up and we grabbed a seat. We both order the full Irish breakfast, which had egg, some kind of bread, bangers (sausages) rashers (grilled ham?), and these little black and white sausages. It was cool, not something I would normally get but we were in the spirit. And speaking of spirits Fado starts serving beer at 7am, wow, I have never drank that early, but I have to say we had a blast. After a few Guinness it was just a blur of people in green and bag pipes touring around the bar. It just made me want to say Piper down, we have a piper down! Post Guinesses of course.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,1/18/2012,315,273,7,26,20>It's been almost 24 hours and I'm still reeling from the wonderful experience I had yesterday with Joe.  I'm at a crossroads in my life and to say I have been befuddled is an understatement.  I have regretted coming to Austin on multiple levels as nothing has seemed to work out for me here.  When I learned that Joe offers a two hr Life Reading (also offers 30min/45min/1hr readings), I knew that was the one I needed.I will say this.  You MUST be open.  All week I practiced be open.  I don't know how to explain that to you so I'll not try, but I went in being totally receptive to anything he had to say - good, bad, or ugly - I wanted to hear it.  I believe you need to be very open or it's just an exercise in futility for both parties.Joe's energy is kind, warm, and reassuring.  I was SO nervous going in, but he quickly put me at ease.  As the others have stated he records your session which is INVALUABLE.  There is so much information flying at you that you will need it.  Last night I spent 3 hrs, replaying the 2hr session.  I transcribed all the key elements and noted the minute marker on the cd for each critical point for future reference.I'm not going into what he said as it's personal, but he was spot on.  So many things he stated down to specific detail prove he's the real deal.I now have a peace where I did not, a clearer sense of direction where there was just chaos and noise, and hope once again.If you have a just a question or two for him, I'd go with the shorter sessions, but if you need a full on "Dear God, Where Is My Life Going" rescue session, go for the 2hr Life Reading.  It will be well worth the time and money, IF YOU ARE OPEN.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,1/17/2012,211,223,11,15,16>definitely my best food truck experience so far.  deliciously fresh french bread cradling perfectly ripe camembert, saucisson, cornichons, and lettuce...all made to order...out of a trailer.  in a parking lot!  and yet i am whisked back to the little bistros we fell in love with in paris, especially if i close my eyes and just listen to my server's lovely accent.  the accent alone puts chez remy a notch above any other food trailer.  a toute à l'heure!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,1/16/2012,379,403,10,16,16>I am a total sucker for pizza, pastas & BYOB. With that being said, the fact that they had all 3 makes me a mega-fan. I liked that they were able to steal some parking spots from that crap place named Trudy's. They had a parking attendant with cones in parking spots saving these spots for their potential clientele. We took advantage of this and parked right in front. For those who aren't familiar, this strip mall is notorious for lack of parking.Their menu had many options that I still need to go back and try, but since the evening began with us all intending on eating pizza before we arrived here, I think most of us stuck to this plan. Our tables were packed to breaking point with pizzas, rolls & stuffed pizzas. Oh and our bottles of wine we brought! I liked that they gave us wine glasses to go with our wine, considering I was drinking wine out of a plastic cup prior to arriving here. I particularly liked that they served marinara/meat sauce with our rolls & with our monstrous pepperoni & cheese stuffed pizza. One slice of the stuffed pizza and I along with others were completely stuffed and done with food for the night, with plenty of leftovers. The staff were very accomodating for our large party, and I had no issues with our service whatsoever. This is a great place to eat on the cheap, with no wait, and as always...when you get to bring your own wine, you're always WINNING.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,1/15/2012,288,258,7,8,12>I hadn't been to the Red House Pizzeria in a looong time.  And when I showed up last night and sat down on their lovely porch I asked myself why I'd abandoned it so many years ago. It's like that cute little dress of yours that you can take out on any occasion but that you forget about when all these new and fancier dresses start showing up in your closet.  (Where the hell did that analogy come from?!?)But seriously, I used to pull the Red House card all the time:"It's Friday, I want to Happy Hour, let's Red House it up!"Yelpers want to get together somewhere, eat good food, and drink on the cheap - to the Red House I'd say!Sister's in town and I'm trying to show her a different side of Austin without overwhelming her with hipster fashion, you guessed it, Red House.First date and I'm trying to seem like a cool Austinite, "Hey, have you ever been to the Red House?  They have a great patio!"  And he said, "I can't believe I've never been here!  You know all the cool places."  That dude is long gone but there Red House stood waiting, just as fine as I remembered her, waiting to welcome me back.  And I'm glad I returned.  And next time, hopefully, won't be so far in the future.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/14/2012,176,47,11,15,16>This is Texas BBQ and is as good as it gets. No bull. The spare ribs blew us AWAY. Great rub, perfectly smoked, just absolutely amazing. The brisket was a little dry, but the sausage and chicken were all spot on. Super juicy,  super flavorful, super affordable, and just awesome.  I was raised by the Texan-BBQ rule of thumb. "Good  Texan BBQ needs no sauce". If I'm in the Carolinas, I use sauce. If I'm in Kentucky, I use sauce. If I'm in Texas, and I need sauce- we've got a problem.This little shacks meat stands on its own- no problems. The potato salad was delicious, they actually season their potatoes while they cook. Perfectly Salted. The greens were tender with a good bite, not too salty, just enough acid. Perfection. Their pickled jalapenos were also on point(not sure if they're made in house or not- I hope they are), but at 25 cents a piece, you really can't go wrong. Spicy, acidic, and a perfect compliment to all the fatty smoked goodness. I came on the fourth of July, having finally taken a day off, and as we drove away, I did a quick U-turn to place an order to-go so I could bring it back to my staff. It has become my calling to spread the smokey goodness. Its invaded my dreams now. And I like it.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/13/2012,79,81,9,22,14>So I stopped working here today.  I'm totally biased, but in the clear by Yelp rules.  Back-story: worked here since opening, the past year one shift a week or so, mostly for my (sadly now expired) discount.Maybe the best patio in Austin (Shady Grove is up there, and so are a few others, but Perla's wins on food in every case).  Let's say you're me, and you want to order like me (i.e., well).  Get the frozen drink or the gruner; if you want to go high end, do that.  Ruinart doesn't come any cheaper, and neither does Beaux Freres (Robert Parker's an owner, you know?).  But go frozen.Get the gazpacho, or any soup really, but mostly the gazpacho.  And some oysters.  Ask what's good.  By the way, Chathams and Fanny Bays are always good.  Get the redfish a la plancha or wreckfish (if it's available, and always get the chimichurri if asked).  Or the fried oysters appetizer, or maybe the New Orleans Barbecue shrimp appetizer if you're okay with messy.  Ignore the entrees and buy every side.  Realize that the price is somewhat high and try not to care:  You have the best table on South Congress with no wait.  That justifies almost everything.  And then get dessert.  Alex Manley makes some amazing desserts, but you should always order fried pies, ice cream, or anything blueberry.Oh, one other thing: the brunch rules.  Everyone orders the crab florentine, which is great, but the breakfast bouillabaisse and the French toast are amazing.  And order a caesar (a bloody with clamato).Really, that's all.  Do all of that and thank me later.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,1/12/2012,338,290,14,16,20>I used to say all my best mistakes started at Bender Bar. That's probably only partially true but somehow, no matter what antics begin, end, or find their middles at Bender Bar, I can always count on this place to be a good backdrop.  Previously a Serrano's, this is a great southside bar now. They have been improving over the years. I like the new decking out back and they paved up the lawn and added some new tables. I was very sad when they got rid of the smoker's "bar" (just a long elevated table running the length of the awning) but they brought it back. I'm sad no more. There is a back room too that has pool tables, darts, pinball, and maybe a golf game or a game where you hunt animals. Their best video game, by far, of course, is the vintage sit-down Pac-Man. Never having enough quarters to play to our heart's content as kids, it is nice to get to right that wrong as tipsy adults. Jukebox is almost exclusively nineties (read: you will hear Faith No More, Smashing Pumpkins, Radiohead, and Pearl Jam EVERY time you go to Bender Bar). They also have a smattering of older rock / indie so you may also hear Bowie, Foreigner, Tortoise. But seriously, you will hear Faith No More every time you go. I'm actually going to start timing how long it takes. Yesterday, I had had one sip of beer before "Epic" came on. Great selection of beers and liquor at awesome prices. During happy hour, they would have to wheel you out if you hit the $10 minimum on just the well drinks ($2 each during HH I think). Lots of local brews (512, Independence, Circle to name a few). Also lots of imports on tap too, and bottles, and cans. It is not a wine bar, but it is a whine bar if I take anyone there who demands wine not out of a box. So take your beer-drinking, liquor-swilling friends and meet the winos elsewhere. Food is really good for bar food. Favorites include fried pickles (coins here, not spears) served with the ranch that I'm pretty sure is made in house; salads (field greens not iceberg); burgers, not the sliders (the sliders kind of remind me of grade-school cafeteria burgers, but the actual burgers are really good); the chicken quesadilla served with ample portions of salsa, sour cream, and avocado. They also have different daily specials: once they had shrimp sliders and those were awesome. Sometimes they have meatloaf (always on days where eaten before so I've never tried it, but I bet it's good).  Long Live Bender Bar!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,1/11/2012,162,97,11,10,10>Foie Gras is like crack wrapped up in french toast with a side of caramel and balsamic reduction.Oh wait, thats not crack, thats what they serve every night of the week at Carillion.What does this mean to you, my dear reader?It means that you need to commit grand theft auto and haul ass to the Carillion now.Not later, not Friday night, not in 10 minutes, but right now.If they are closed, camp out, bring marshmallows and a fifth of jager and make an event out of it.Then run inside and eat this damn thing as soon as possible.It is so rich, so sweet, and so amazing, that you will likely have a diner room orgasam.These are all good things, by the wayFrench food is my friendGabriel
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/10/2012,611,369,9,15,16>S: What products do you use?A: None.S: What's your styling routine like?A: I wash it. Occasionally.S: Do you use any heating tools? Blow-dryer?A: No.S: How do you normally wear your it?A: However it dries, that's how it is.Scarlett cut my hair in a way that, as she put it, "Will look good no matter what direction the wind blows it on your bike since I know you're a cyclist."That's exactly what she did.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,1/9/2012,296,536,5,9,10>Free chicken and waffles and live band every third Sunday and happy hour every day! Today was the perfect Austin Spring evening for a restaurant and bar crawl on Rainey street. We stopped in for drinks. When I'm here, I feel like I'm back in college hanging out at THE party house. The front door is always open and there are plenty of seating nooks for a quick make-out session if you desire. And who doesn't love a fire pit?The music is good and the beer selection is good. I hear the quart size Sangria is pretty awesome. I'm more of a purest and prefer draft beers---draft Lawnmowers are more my style.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,1/8/2012,235,378,9,15,12>What a great community recreation area!  Until recently, I never even knew it existed.  Lake Pflugerville is fairly new, so the landscape is still a bit stark, but give it a few years for the trees to grow and the landscape to mature.  Lake Pflugerville offers a 3 mile hike and bike trail, fishing piers, and non-motorized water sports like swimming, canoeing, kayaking, and windsurfing.  Penelope, the dog that was named after cat mistaken for a skunk, loves coming here to jog around the lake.  The trail winds around very deceptively.  You will look across the lake and think you are half-way around, only to realize that you still have quite a ways to go and nowhere near the half-way point.  This is a great alternative to the hustle and bustle of the Town Lake hike and bike trail, especially when getting downtown after work just isn't feasible.  I'm very happy to have this nearby.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,1/7/2012,431,381,14,13,15>My God, I'd never seen so many good-looking guys, nor so many good-tasting beers in one place at one time as I did on Saturday afternoon at Circle Brew's open house.  I even convinced a couple of decent-looking male tweeps to head up from the South Pole (aka South Austin).  Hey, if you southies are gonna make fun of North Austin, I'm gonna give you a taste of your own medicine.Deciding factors in my going to Circle Brew's open house:(1)  It ain't far from my domicile.(2)  I'd tried Circle's Envy amber beer previously, and liked it.(3)  Peached Tortilla was gonna be there.I've gotta interject an update about Peached Tortilla here.  See, I tried their banh mi slider last Wednesday, and it was love at first bite.  Had another one at Circle, and I foodgasmed all over the place.  I gathered a lot of attention, as my manners went completely out the window.  Forget the napkins, just let me stuff my face; I'll clean up later.  I updated my Peached Tort review, but not with an actual update.  Do me a favor and check it out.Back to Circle...I was first in line, and I was thankful for that, as seemingly thousands of thirsty locals exited their cars simultaneously at the very last minute.  Glad I have good timing.So I grabbed my $10 Circle pint glass, out of which I'm drinking right now (cherry Coke, not beer), and three drink tickets.  Started out with an Envy, naturally, and I could see just how envious other peeps were that I'd gotten the first taste.The inside beer line seemed long at all times, but it moved swiftly, like an old-school Ford factory assembly line because Circle had droves of bartenders.  I next had a Blur, which amazingly wasn't one later.  I enjoys me a good hefeweizen.  I suppose the Blur was a bit of a blur, though, as I can't recall which beer Circle was introducing that day.  I only know it wasn't Envy, though that one is certainly the envy of the other beers, as it's carried on tap at more bars than the others are.  Oh yeah, wait... Epic is the one they introduced.  Epic... the only one I didn't try.  Go figger.Amy D kept talking up her Nightlight, the Irish stout, so that's where I ventured next.  Is Ireland really this delicious?!  I figured it'd be sloppier, what with all the drinking they do over there.  I always fear a beer with too many hops; hoppy beer makes me jumpy.  Fortunately, the Nightlight had a nice balance, and a very crisp, interesting taste.  Holy crap, I wasn't in Ireland; I was in Heaven!The place was small and packed, much like a sardine tin, and it eventually smelled as such with the lack of air conditioning and abundance of body heat, but it wasn't hard to get around.  The tour was short, simple, and self-guided, so don't go there expecting anything as grand as most winery tours.  You probably couldn't get a tour on any old day, anyway, because I don't much think they're open to the public outside of these special events.Delicious beer, delicious food, delicious eye candy... so I had an exalt-y malt-y time, a beach-y peach-y time, and a candy dandy time.  It's damn near impossible to NOT like their beer, and you shan't have an issue finding it at all your favorite watering holes.++  You can be the *Envy* of all your friends and have an *Epic* time, even if the night ends up being a *Blur*.  ++(Where's my check for the advertising, Circle??)
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,1/6/2012,189,274,11,11,10>I like Chicken.  I also like Waffles. Yet I have never had the combo of the two. I can now say with confidence that I enjoy both together with a little hot sauce and some maple syrup. Don't go here looking for heath food for it does not exist in this location.  Also, do not go here looking for ambiance of any kind, or space of any kind.  The interior is enough to hold about 15 people comfortably, or 10 fat guys sitting elbow-to-elbow.  Do go here looking for a gut busting, and pretty tasty, savory morsel.  Also go here for a relatively inexpensive lunch.  It's about $9 for a "Waffle Taco" (as I like to call it), a side of creamy Mac & Cheese, and a bottle of water. Which was way more than enough to fill me up. Just look for the painting on the wall of the girl riding a giant Cock and swing in for a bite.  You really can't miss it.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,1/5/2012,304,440,6,9,9>Dear lord this place is LOUD. Well, the indoors is loud. I didn't try outside because I was being a total weather wimp. Really cool vibe at the Nomad Bar. For me, it's in a bit of a shady area but I've been known to overreact about that sort of thing before. Great deals on beer on tap, that makes me happy. I think $6, $7 is insanity for a draft beer, nice to know this place is available at a decent price - $3.00 (on special) 512 IPA. The staff here is pretty cool as well. The bartenders are really relaxed yet attentive. The lady-chef popped in to ask us if we wanted anything and struck up an interesting conversation with Tony "I can grill anything!" B. They were talking about grilled watermelon with chili peppers. Something about crystalized sugar and spicy sweet. I was impressed. Too full from Thai to try anything but I will next time. Cool place for sure. Just sit outside :-)
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,1/4/2012,46,118,5,11,11>I've been bitten by the love bug and I've got it bad. Real bad. So bad that I can't stop thinking about that night my taste buds were blown away. I can't stop wondering when I'll be back. I can't stop pausing in the middle of the day thinking about what went in my mouth. I can't stop having urges to return. Barley Swine, I've fallen hard for you.My friend and I ordered 8 out of the 13 things on the menu, and all were absolutely amazing. The soft boiled egg, the fried crab risotto, the grilled rabbit, the foie gras and pork belly, the grilled wagyu tri tip, the scallop - my taste buds have never had so much fun by these new tastes and I've never been more impressed by a restaurant. Each dish was unique, delicious and distinctly memorable. To top it off, we had the smoked pecan fudge with marshmallow, cocoa nibs and salted caramel ice cream, which was a delicately satisfying way to end the evening.I would suggest arriving early. We arrived and put our name on the list at 6:30 p.m. and were seated a little before 7 p.m. (This was on a weekday.) You don't want to be like those people that stood by us at the bar, eyeing every course that came to us. I could sense their sad whimpers inside of them. After the meal, I didn't want to leave; I wanted to sit at the bar all night to talk and wait and watch the place close down, but alas, Barley Swine isn't a lingering place. It's a magical place that's meant to be shared.Lastly, what completes the extraordinary experience is the building and the staff.  The coziness made it comfortable, and the staff made the experience elegant yet friendly and familiar, which is the perfect atmosphere for a place you'll return again and again.Yep, I've got it so bad, and I think the only solution is more Barley Swine.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,1/2/2012,155,309,22,13,12>COFFEE SHOP THE NEXT MORNING        Jules and Vincent sit at a booth.  In front of Vincent is a        big stack of pancakes and sausages, which he eats with gusto.        Jules, on the other hand, just has a cup of coffee and a        muffin.  He seems far away in thought.  The Waitress pours a        refill for both men,                                  VINCENT                       Thanks a bunch.                        (to Jules, who's nursing his coffee)                       Want a sausage?                                  JULES                       Naw, I don't eat pork.                                  VINCENT                       Are you Jewish?                                  JULES                       I ain't Jewish man, I just don't                       dig on swine.                                  VINCENT                       Why not?                                  JULES                       They're filthy animals.  I don't                       eat filthy animals.                                  VINCENT                       Sausages taste good.  Pork chops                       taste good.                                  JULES                       A sewer rat may taste like pumpkin                       pie.  I'll never know 'cause even                       if it did, I wouldn't eat the                       filthy motherf*cker.Yes, Vincent has it right! The pork chops taste good. The sausage and ribs are very good as well. The beef brisket is outstanding JMueller BBQ.   Drop by and see for yourself.....John M. knows the secret to moist BBQ with tasty exterior crust!If you need, you can also get a Sprite to 'wash down' your BBQ feast!Garcon! 5 Stars!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,1/1/2012,136,153,29,17,10>As a somewhat newly minted homeowner, I've had to come to terms with a lot of things I'd normally expect the landlord to deal with. Got a giant rat named Frank living in your water heater closet who demands daily tribute of fine cheeses? Landlord. Have a creepy clown living in your crawlspace? Blowtorch and holy water, then Landlord. Rental house on top of an Indian burial ground? Move, then landlord.Sadly, that safety net was removed the moment I stepped over the threshold of our new home. And with great houses come great responsibility. Like dealing with an infestation of carpenter ants.Carpenter ants aren't the bitey kind - they're normally just ambling around looking for a bite to eat like kind-hearted vagrants. They only become a problem in numbers, or if your baby son tries to eat them like tic tacs.Enter the exterminators. In this case that role is played by Ranger Termite & Pest Control. Given their proximity to my house, I gave them a shot - and was very glad I did. They showed up on time and ready to get to killin'. Quick and professional, they patrolled the house for hostile incursions and then sprayed a shield of anti-ant poison hither and yon. And then they were gone, quick as a wink.Now our carpets are littered with the fallen corpses of the insurgANTS (See what I did there?) and my family can sleep a little better knowing they won't wake up being carried to a nest by a couple thousand of those buggers.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,12/31/2011,67,132,7,12,9>My new job requires that I get up at 6:00 in the morning, and having to catch the bus and all to suffer a dreaded commute, I'm never energized enough to fix up my own breakfast. My solution to this lately has been energy bars. So far, I've purchased Larabars because of their simple goal to use, at most, five or six ingredients you can actually read, but I also recently discovered Wheatsville had a sale on Clif bars for $0.99 each. I've never seen them that cheap! You can say what you want about their prices, but when Wheatsville has a sale, Wheatsville has a SALE.I learn from the best, and the best would be my family who always buys in bulk for the added value. Picture my boyfriend and me hurrying over to Wheatsville at 9:00PM just so I could buy 30 Clif bars for the month. The boyfriend bought our usual salsa. (The Out to Lunch salsa is honestly the best salsa your taste buds will ever come in contact with. Get it now. You're welcome.)Clinton, the sweet guy working the cash register, amusingly noted, "You must really like those Clif bars." That I do!Ugh, I can see myself at 60 years old as just another cheap ol' Asian lady. Whatever, I'm not ashamed! I guess not until they do a segment on me for A&E's Hoarders.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,12/30/2011,118,78,5,19,13>In my opinion, this is the hardest place to review, but as a celebration of my recent elite badge I will take on the challenge.  So many words and so much to say but none really mean enough or can come out without sounding like I'm gushing. So I'm just going to keep it simple and honest.There are a lot of things I like about this place- conveniently located downtown, affordable, beautiful space, the wonderful energy from the instructors and students, the fact that I get to practice to Jens Lekman and Sea Wolf instead of Enya, actual parking options... I could go on for a bit more if you'd entertain me.When push comes to shove though, what I LOVE about this place it that it has honestly changed my life. (Here's that gushing part I was talking about)  I've dabbled with yoga numerous times in the past but never really got into it until I started coming here.  This is most likely because it's accessible enough that I can come frequently.  Anywho, being able to establish a consistent practice has filled me with an overwhelming sense of calm, acceptance, joy, and most of all gratitude.  Sometimes I seriously think I've gone off the deep end with how thankful I am for the smallest and most trivial things (Black Swan you're one of them!!).So really, try it. Go get some good good loving.  Life is so much better when you learn you have the power to breathe through it and laugh when you fall!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/29/2011,209,219,10,13,11>I remember many months ago, being able to sit behind the frosted glass of the bar area at Haddington's, sip their gin with house-made tonic,  and feel like I was in some safe bubble of awesomeness.  Great drinks, amazing food, not too crowded, and endless visual entertainment: the patrons of Star Bar stumbling into the street, shoeless, and into oncoming traffic.  I was wrapped in a place of cool, calm, and not surrounded by kamikaze shots, cosmos, and more importantly, loud drunks. So while Haddington's has definitely grown in popularity on a Saturday night, as it well should, I am more than impressed at how comfortable I still feel coming here.  Really quick and friendly bar service, amazing food and dessert menu ( the sticky toffee pudding is to gain 5 pounds for) make this place a standard for me. Where should we go for a great cocktail? Haddington's (they make a fantastic bees knees!)Where should we go for happy hour? Haddington'sWhat about brunch? Haddington's ( though I spend more time drinking here than eating)What about a place where you can blow through lots of money and not have a next day hangover remorse when you fish all your receipts out of your purse?  Haddington'sOK, maybe I do tend to get a little loose in the wallet over this place.  But I cannot adequately describe how much I love this place, the old hunter's lodge meets chic cafe look of it, the super-hip looking but super attentive waitstaff, the hearty food, the cocktail menu that actually has cocktails that consist of more than just alcohol and lots of sugar.I'm a little obsessed.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,12/28/2011,86,45,8,12,13>Quiet elegance surrounded by Industry. Pranzo squisito It's been a long time since I dined at Andiamo, and only for dinner. So when a friend and former coworker suggested this place for lunch, I enthusiastically said, "Let's Go!" It had been long enough that I couldn't quite remember where it was located and had to Google map it. Rutland? Really? What an appropriate name for the section of town that is one industrial strip mall after another. Andiamo is a little sanctuary. We walk in and are enveloped in its quiet grace. The decor is simple, but charming. I started with the house salad; a simple affair of romaine and tomatoes with balsamic vinaigrette, a little on the small side for $5.50. My friend had a bowl of special soup (cream of mushroom soup), which he declared delicious. For the main course, I went with the veal scallopine in a mushroom cream sauce, and he chose another special: fettuccine with shrimp, bay scallops, tomatoes and peas in a lemon cream sauce. The veal comes with whipped potatoes and veggies. I asked if I could substitute pasta for the potatoes, but was told that no substitutions are allow on the lunch menu. Although I still think pasta would have been a better companion to the veal than potatoes, I wasn't too disappointed. The veal was tender and the mushrooms earthy. And through some kind of slight of hand, the sauce manage to enhance both while at the same time appearing light. I literally cleaned my plate, as did my friend. His pasta dish with fresh seasonal ingredients was perfectly united by the lemony cream. We were too full for dessert and went with coffee instead, which was mediocre at best, but which came with a small biscotti: a nice touch. Andiamo is the Italian equivalent to Chez Nous: small, family owned, near pitch perfect. If only I could wave my magic wand and transport it to a location more deserving of its talents.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,12/27/2011,90,138,6,13,10>I returned to the Clay Pit, Pith helmet in hand, to discover a land and a cuisine told of by an aged goat herder I met in a market stall in Bengali. He told me of many things, but of great interest to me was a place called "Mitti gaddhe." His tales were fanciful, extraordinary, and surely had to be false. Yet, curious, I had to see with my own eyes and taste with my own tongue these things he spoke of. As I was leaving he had whispered two cryptic phrases in my ear with a raspy voice and a strange accent:  "Khuroos-E-Tursh" and "Kothmir Samana". I went with a companion, a world traveler with experience in such adventures, for who could say what dangers we might face? The structure was of stone on a major thoroughfare in town. Cautious, we ventured inside, the aroma's wafting through the room were delightful. Summoned to a table we perused the script written in a tongue long forgotten. We found the two cryptic phrases and the charming and good humoured manservant clucked in what we assumed was an approving manner.The dishes were beyond compare!  Chicken in an almond cream sauce, subtle and oh so satisfying. Salmon rubbed with garlic in a korma sauce, splendid. The basmati rice seasoned perfectly, a salad with a light fruit dressing. This kitchen resonated with Nirvana.A lunch worth traveling a continent for. If this is what is served for lunch, I'll have to return to sample the dinner. I have to thank the old man for his wise counsel.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,12/26/2011,201,104,8,8,10>Oh. Em. Gee.This place blew my mind. It blew my mind so much that, as we were walking back to work, I told random strangers to go eat there immediately. According to Valerie G, this is totally acceptable behavior because I'm tiny & blonde - and can get away with anything.So anyway, the pizza. I had their specialty  slice of the day; some sort of sundried tomato/mozzarella/salt & pepper amazingness. We started with a small and large for five of us, but soon wished we'd gotten two of the biggest they had. Oh! And the marinara sauce! I think it has crack in it. I couldn't stop devouring it.I realize I may sound high, but I promise I'm not. It's just how much I love their pizza. Try for yourself. You'll love it more than a fat kid loves cake.Can I go back tomorrow?
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,12/24/2011,74,79,13,11,13>I know less about Asian food than anyone you have ever met. I can claim expert knowledge in several areas, but when it comes to Asian food I am that other guy. The clueless one. Don't get me wrong. I really enjoy Asian food; I'm simply completely ignorant of the Asian dining process. I can't discern Japanese food from Chinese, Vietnamese, Taiwanese, or any other nation or region. I don't know what Pho is. I was informed several weeks ago that ginger slices shouldn't be placed on the food, as I like to do. It is to be eaten by itself as a palate cleanser between different types of food. This made me sad since it had been the one thing I thought I did well. I'm good at artfully draping it over the bite of whatever I'm about to eat. But I'm not even sure this is true since I'm sometimes fed misinformation about Asian food by other Asian food diners, evidently just to see if I'm gullible enough to buy it. I don't know what any of the names of the foods mean so I often order blindly, resulting in odd looks from the waiter and once in my having to pretend I wanted to eat wasabi on crunchy noodles as an entree. I have no idea what different soy sauces are for, or even if I should be using soy sauce on whatever random food I've ordered. Often when I pour soy sauce on my food I get looks of puzzlement or even barely disguised disdain from nearby tables. But the next time, when I don't use soy sauce, I get the same looks. This suggests that my soy sauce miscues may not be the cause of the disdain, but I like to think they are. I don't know the difference between sushi and sashimi. I have no idea what sashimi is, or even if it's food at all, and I call anything rolled in rice sushi, although I've recently been politely informed that this is completely wrong. I know that now, but I still can't stop doing it. This, along with the ongoing soy debacle, adds a thin layer of shame to my Asian dining experiences. But I like to use chopsticks. I like the whole concept of them. The idea that you can't eat unless you can pass a manual dexterity test appeals to the gambler in me. And I love soup dumplings. Heavenly little steamed pillows of beef or pork in dumplings with a  spoonful of savory broth marinating in them. They are absolutely delicious, plus you get your meat and soup at the same time, resulting in a more efficient meal. Honestly, in terms of time management eating I really think they're on to something here. The Chinese name for them is Xiao Long Bao. The only Asian words I can actually spell and recognize. I've been told it is Mandarin. I've also been told it's Cantonese. Chinatown Restaurants has them on their on line menu. And I wanted them. As soon as we had business in North Austin, I plugged in the address and off we went. Mistress Linda saw the name of the restaurant on the GPS and grimly settled in for another disturbing dining experience where I try to describe food using crude drawings and hand gestures and the waiters recoil in fear and anger. The interior is nice, although the floor needed a good vacuuming, which is something I always notice in a restaurant. It was full the weekday we were there but it was only a few minutes wait for a table. Once seated we asked for menus, but also ordered Dim Sum, which, I think, is a reverse buffet where the food comes to you on carts. But I'm often wrong about these things. The soup dumplings are a menu item, but I couldn't find it, or anything like it. Unwilling to eat wasabi and crunchy noodles again I asked if they had soup dumplings and was assured they did so we ordered the pork. Mistress Linda tackled the Dim Sum but I waited for the main event. And I'm glad I did. You get a steam basket of six per order. I had two orders. They weren't the best soup dumplings I've ever had, but they were pretty good. You eat them using a spoon rather than chopsticks so that you don't lose any of the broth when you bite into it, thus denying me the use of the one thing I can actually do in an Asian restaurant besides chew. But I didn't care. The dumpling was a little too thick and chewy, but still good. The broth was flavorful and the pork was tender and succulent and the broth had seasoned it perfectly. A dipping sauce came with the dumplings but no way was I dancing through that minefield. I ate with gustatory glee while reveling in being reunited with My Preciousss again. I offered some to Mistress Linda. This is the definition of true love. She accepted, which was disappointing but not unexpected. The Dim Sum items we shared between dumplings were very good. There was some kind of crunchy turnip ball that was very good. I'm reasonably sure it was turnip, even though it didn't taste anything like turnip. Actually I'm not sure why I'm calling it turnip. The service was very good, and the bill was right at $50 before tip for two people, no drinks. Come for the Dim Sum. Try the Soup Dumplings. Delicious in any language.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,12/23/2011,238,365,2,10,8>My friend recently had her 30th birthday party and enlisted Michelle's Patisserie to make the cake for the big day. It was a 2 layered, gorgeous creation: chocolate on the bottom and tiramisu on the top. Both cake flavors were moist and delicious, but I do have to say that the tiramisu was my favorite of the two. I love Michelle's cakes and hope to have another special occasion so I can order one of her cakes!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,12/22/2011,184,302,6,8,9>Great Beer Selection!    Staff was very friendly and beer knowledgeable, food was interesting and the place had plenty of comfortable seating.  But the draw is beer and they don't disappoint.  We lounged on some crushed velvet couches, tried a few beers and chatted away with the nice woman behind the bar and some fellow patrons.All in a very good addition to the great northwestern hinterlands.  I just wish they weren't in Williamson County.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,12/21/2011,381,228,6,9,6>I definitely laughed to myself when I first heard the name of this new East side bar. Hasn't everyone reviewed grackles on yelp? The reviews are the exact opposite of this charming, hipsterrific new bar. The grand opening last night featured free Brooklyn lager and food from two delicious trailers in the parking lot, East Side King and Tacos Seline. The patio was packed since it was a beautiful night but I did happen to notice that it was covered which will be super convenient for Texas summers. Inside is dark and intimate but also has a good amount of space and a pool table! I'll be interested to see how this bar progresses in time. Last night was definitely unusually crowded due to the free beer and food.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,12/20/2011,62,69,7,5,7>Watch out, you might get what your after.- There are a lot of pizza options in Austin but only one with a stilton and port reduction. Close enough but not too far maybe you know where you are. - I drive across town for the blue pizza, its that good.Some things sure can sweep me off my feet- All pizzas are 10 bucks. All draft beer is local.Cool babies, strange but not a stranger.- Their clientele is as varied as their staff, leaning toward hipster but not aware of their coolness.Fighting fire with fireBurning down the house.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,12/19/2011,106,104,7,7,8>There's magic in these tacos. I don't know if it's the sauce or if it's the fact that I can get seared ahi tuna in taco form (the Mr. Pink--try it), but there's some serious juju going on. Maybe the folks at Torchy's sacrifice goats to their vengeful and horrific gods of deliciousness; maybe they just know what needs to be in tacos.Personally, I prefer the goat sacrifice theory.As I understand it, Torchy's is a bit of a local institution. If this is, in fact, true, there's some pretty good reason for it. The variety of tacos available is near mind boggling, and I've yet to have anything come out too hot to eat or too cold. It's like they've got a magical thermostat that tells them when to serve up an order.See? This goat sacrifice/horrific gods/juju thing totally works. Magic thermostats don't just appear from nowhere. There's conjuring involved!I've yet to have everything on the menu at Torchy's, and truthfully I have my doubts that I ever will. Let me close with a bit of advice:1.) Mr. Pink & Baja Shrimp are an excellent combo.2.) Queso? Yes.3.) While I personally advocate the beer and taco route, if you feel like abstaining from imbibing alcohol, I'd suggest the fountain drinks with the super-generic labels. Quite possibly the most delicious cream soda I've had in a long while.4.) Believe in their terrifying, mystical gods of deliciousness and temperature control. It's just easier that way.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,12/18/2011,42,58,20,12,12>Fantastic boba! By far the best I've had in Austin, possibly ever! The drink selection is diverse and delicious. The pearls are sooo tender and just right. The staff are friendly and efficient with large crowds. I like the semi-modern decor with ample lighting and diverse communal seating options. Like every other boba shop this is a typical asian hang-out with the occasional token white guy in the mix. Board games are available and I was surprised how many large groups came here to play games and laugh. I made the mistake of trying to study here, but the loud music and urge to people watch was too strong.Next time you go notice the correlation between age and asian hair spikeyness, like a timeline bell curve of hair-product the cute child's bowl-cut progressively sharpens into a veritable sea urchin skull ornament by the teens and twenties, then onto the aging hipster 30s and 40s where his trendy threads have been replaced by collared shirts and khakis but the subtle moosed greying barbs ring of cool days only recently passed, and the 50+ asian dads whose now limp hair contrasts his smiling face as his spiky haired son brings him boba as if in thanks for his awesome genetics to spur another generation of cool hair. Oh how my Asian hair envy ran strong today...Bottom-Line: Best boba in town! Fun group hang out.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,12/17/2011,233,322,7,4,4>After working late and riding around town alternately looking for and dodging groups of bikers, food was needed. I've been wanting to try out this place for a while, so we pulled in. Yes, the bread is awesome. Really. The Contadina was my choice, with turkey, provolone, arugula, and olive tapenade. The only thing that I'd advise would be to add extra tapenade. I couldn't really taste it much. And I likes me some olives. My partner in chrome (see what I did there? because we were on my bike? eh? eh?) had the Lucky, which has prosciutto. She asked what it was while eating.Me: (astounded) "It's ham"Her: "Oh, I don't eat ham"Me: "Well, you've made it halfway through your sammich, and you've been talking about how much you like it, so I guess you do!"Plus, I think we all know that prosciutto is the bacon of the ham world. I wonder what the bacon of the bacon world is? Ah...bacon world. huh? Oh right. The food it was tasty and arrived quickly. I'll definitely try it out again. Also, I saw they have sauces and oils (assumedly to add to sammiches). I think that may propel this eating experience to untold heights of deliciousness.Plus, I got to introduce someone to prosciutto! Ah, I love Prosciutto Land. Adjacent to Bacon World
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,12/15/2011,100,112,5,8,6>There really isn't much I can add to the already long list of reviews for Hopdoddy Burger Bar.  Instead, I'll just provide a quick list of my favorite parts from my experience.-  Modern, clean, crisp atmosphere and decor.  Original artwork, pipes running along the ceiling, and just in general a pretty cool layout.  One of the more unique places I've eaten at for a while.-  GIANT hamburgers, I mean seriously.  I could barely open my mouth wide enough to get a bite.  Also, cooked to perfection for me.  Just slightly pink, juicy, and full of flavor.-  Buns to die for.  Fluffy, big, I think I could just eat the buns by themselves.  They felt as if they were slightly toasted around the edges, but were still soft.  Importantly, the held their shape by not becoming soggy.-  Blanched fries (at least this is how I thought they were cooked)  Um, more please!  Again, cooked to perfection.  A nice crunch, without crumbling and not one soggy fry was in my order.  They had a sprinkle of seasoning which made them super tasty without ketchup.  -  The margarita with what appeared to be black salt - was delicious.  It tasted very clean and crisp.  Easy to drink and went perfectly with my burger and fries.Some friends had come in to town, so we all thought we'd give this place a shot.  I'm glad we did!  Great company and great food --  This girl is going back soon!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,12/14/2011,28,48,21,8,6>At my apt complex, every couple of weeks you'll find a China House flyer menu at your door.  I suspect they've hired an amnesiac in charge of flyer distribution.  I have 5 or 6 in a kitchen drawer. Persistent lil Commies. I'm Chinese, I can say that.Their delivery is always on time and the order is always correct.  With an order of $20 or more, you get, as advertised on their flyer menu, "FREE Chicken Wings or Egg Roll".  Which comes across as free multiple wings or one egg roll.  Because of this we've always chose the wings which are spectacular. You get 3 free wings. Since I'm considered a Banana (yellow on the outside, white on the inside) I opt for very safe Chinese dishes like Sesame Chicken, Beef w/ Broc, etc. I can't attest to how good or bad any other dish is on their menu. But what I've had from there is prepared with care and authenticity (I've been to China a few times so I can compare).  But lemme tell y'all about....THE CHICKEN WINGS! Shockingly good.  They come in Buffalo Hot, Buffalo Mild, Honey BBQ, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Sauce, and Spicy Thai.  5 for $3.55, 10 for $5.75, 20 for 10.95. That's a steal.  The Lemon Pepper is the best.  What's really great is that the wings are huge. And I don't care if these chickens were shooting up with Miracle Grow.  Yummy in my tummy.Give this place a shot, it won't let you down.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,12/13/2011,307,87,4,11,8>What can I add to a restaurant that already has 390 reviews?!Our recent visit on Saturday night with another couple, my husband and my 17 month old daughter was splendid.  We arrived at about 5:45 and found nearby parking thanks to a nice man in an orange vest who was keeping the UT game crowd from stealing the coveted spots.I enjoyed browsing in the nearby gift shop.  They have a fun mix of kitchen stuff, kid accessories, and random items.  I love how the grounds here are lush and shady with vegetable gardens all around.  The old house the restaurant is housed in is quaint.  It has an upscale, but chill Austin-y vibe without being over-the-top or pretentious.  The thing that won me over and made my heart sing with pure joy----they had our table ready for our reservation AND they had a HIGHCHAIR there already!  No awkward "Uh, I think we have highchairs somewhere."  As a mom who takes her child out to eat often, I can say this has NEVER happened to me before.  The server immediately greeted us, got our drinks, was very friendly and extremely helpful in assisting us with our menu selections.  I got the panko, pecan coated chicken with broccoli and chilled watermelon soup. I adored them all!  The pecans tasted like they had been toasted ahead of time and had a rich, savory flavor.  If I had one criticism (or "feedback" as my boss calls it), the broccoli was a little bit too crunchy for my taste.  I prefer a softer steamed broccoli.  One stand out was my daughter's grilled cheese sandwich. BEST GRILLED CHEESE EVER.  Can an adult just go in and order this?  I would consider doing take out for one of these if it weren't 45 minutes from my house.  The bread to cheese to butter ratio here was perfect.  And they don't use cheap old American Cheese Food Product, either.  This is straight up cheddar, friends.I can't wait for a return visit to this iconic restaurant.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,12/12/2011,348,383,7,11,9>To be completely honest, I don't really like Indian food all that much. I can probably count the times I have eaten it on one hand. Maybe I am eating the wrong stuff, but it's not something I really ever crave. That said I found Teji very pleasant and would return. My mom, however, loves Indian food of the vegetarian variety. I had to pick her up from the Round Rock Honda Saturday and thought she would appreciate it. She was pleased with her selections. I had the samosas, lamb curry made spicier and some fantastic cheese naan. But really, who in Texas is going to dislike naan? It's a slight variation on a tortilla! The lamb curry was good and spicy, thought I could have easily taken more. The curry was a dark reddish brown and very thick. Aesthetically I like looking at thinner more colorful curry. That may be more of a Thai curry feature for all I know. I even ate the rice with it, something I never do in Chinese restaurants. It's a different style of rice. Maybe Jasmine? The samosa had a burst of flavor upon penetrating the fried shell. Dipping sauces were included. Our waitress was charming and helpful. I didn't mind getting my own drink or napkins since it sort of seemed like a self serve place, but she insisted! It is a simple spot, but like some of the best eateries out there, that doesn't detract from the food.The grocery store seemed to have a wide selection. I picked up Ying a pound of some very reasonably priced lychees and a bottle of delicious guava juice. The owner/operator was friendly and helpful too. I'll return and work my way through the menu until I find some Indian food that I REALLY fall in love with. It has to be out there.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,12/11/2011,258,244,12,15,13>Notoriously, I will agree to do just about anything. One Friday night, a friend asked me, "Do you want to bike to the drive-in? It is only 99 degrees." Of course! A couple of hours before meeting her, another friend invited me to share a bottle of wine with her. Why not? Later, as my friend and I are biking, I tell her I made a bad decision by drinking before our ride. Her response? "That was stupid."About 30 minutes later, I saw the flashing blue arrow of Blue Starlite. We stopped at a tiny trailer with a friendly and helpful greeter: "Oh, hey! You biked here? Is it your first time here? I biked here my first time, too!" She told us all about where to sit (several lawn chairs at the front) and how to hear the movie (vintage speakers or transistor radio). Our bikes were stowed, one friend visits and returns from a convenient store across the street with beer and snacks. I drank a liter of water and tried my best to stay awake for the moment when Peter Venkman and Slimer first lock eyes and embrace. I then discovered that if you pass out on the couch in the concessions' room no one pokes you with a broom to make sure you aren't dead. Since then, I have simply driven and parked on the street. It is $5 to walk or bike up and $25 to drive-in. (If you drive-in, you do have the option to make out in the car, but Starlite insists that you keep your clothes on. In this heat, that is just not practical!)Starlite has a small, air-conditioned concessions' room with fresh popcorn, candy, bottled water, and soda and functional bathrooms. As of this week, they have hotdogs. The BYOB and BYOF is a great idea. One group brought their own chairs and a large cooler of food and drinks. You can also tailgate if you come in a car. One couple had their hatch up, their dog laying in the back, while they were sitting on chairs and eating out of Tupperware. We were told by the owner that they will be moving a couple of streets north to a larger location and plan to have a much larger screen. There will be another benefit to this move: they will no longer be right next to the Mexican church. Don't get me wrong; the night time noises of the East Side adds to the ambiance of this urban drive-in, but hearing the same melody banged out on a piano with the same lyric sung over and over again for 30 minutes solid will not be missed.Aside from the vintage speakers, there are tiny little bumper cars decorated with lights, and there are paintings of dancing movie treats. However, keep in mind there is no actual time machine. You do not go back to a day when a cup of coffee is 5 cents and a film projector plays the movies. The previews are vintage "let's go out to the lobby and get ourselves a snack" footage. Don't let them fool you though: 1) some will claim the feature will begin in 3 minutes, then 7 minutes, then 5 minutes and 2) Toddys ("made with real milk, not milk powder") and juicy BBQ burgers that the whole family will love are NOT sold at the concession stand. You will also enjoy lots and lots of different movies, from 80s to weird to themed, which they list on the web site as showing Wednesday through Saturday nights.Blue Starlite doesn't simply rely on you to love the nostalgia and suffer through the heat and ambiance because it is local and quirky. They know that the drive-in experience should feel like a community experience.  While I am not a fan of people quoting the the famous lines throughout an entire movie, I did get the giggles when, during Pee-Wee's Big Adventure, everyone clapped and sang, "...deep in the heart of Texas!" Before the movie, there was a dance off to the song "Tequila." I wish they would do more things like this! You don't go here just because you want to see a movie you haven't seen. You go here to see a movie you love, a movie you have seen 10 times over, with other people who love that movie too.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/10/2011,111,114,10,10,12>I'm a romantic when it comes to Donn.  He's got my number in a big, bad way.  No, I'm not talking about some intermittent fling.  I mean a slow burning intimacy.I've only been to see the Nash Hernandez Orchestra and I can only imagine what fun goes down on other nights.  Not at all pretentious (having just made my way from Mulberry's so yea...), full of people who smile back at you, and for those who choose to the play the field, I have a feeling everyone in that joint would call you back.  I'd put money on it.You have to fight for a table on the crowded nights but you can also sling your purse or jacket over a ledge and not have to worry about it (do this at your own risk...not liable for any stolen belongings).  As many have said, the decor is something to behold.  I love it.  Bathrooms are well-kept and funky.  Last time I was there, I saw a pole in the ladies room, with a tiny ladder leading up to it.  And somehow, it's not skanky?  That's just Donn's magic.  Nothing is low brow, just sweet and genuine.Cover was $5 cash at the door but she was nice and let us pay at the bar with a card.  I've got to keep a cool head when it comes to Donn.  I know there are others in his Rolodex who fell just as hard.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,12/8/2011,88,115,23,19,22>When hipsters have anemia they get an irony deficiency.I went to the soft opening of the East Side King's newest trailer in the back of Shangri La, which prove themselves, once again, to be as smart as they are hipster-ific.  East Side Kings have introduced a menu that is founded in small sandwiches made from the addictive rice dough that makes all Asians look like Short-Round from Indiana Jones.  Stuffed with homemade sausages of beef, chicken, & GOODNESS.  I had a moment with the fried ice cream...I may have blacked out a bit. I think that desserts from an ESK trailer is a touch of perfection.  But then again, I love it when two great addictions come together.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,12/7/2011,699,1000,13,10,17>This is probably the best thing about Austin.  You can swim/sunbathe topless and nobody bothers you about it.  You can swim year-round, even in the winter.  Just be aware that the water is always around 68 degrees so this translates into very, very chilly conditions.  Even in the heat of summer your heart may skip a few beats when getting in.  There are many that swear that Barton Springs waters are therapeutic.My favorite thing to do at Barton Springs is bring a float and just lay like broccoli in the water.  They have a pretty cool diving board that you can do flips off into the deep end if you want.  The pool is quite large, so even if there are lots of people there you can still enjoy yourself.  Supposedly Robert Redford as a young boy learned to swim in Barton Springs.Natural, spring fed water, grassy knolls, laid back conditions...it doesn't get better than this.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,12/6/2011,239,180,16,11,14>Dear Yelp,Thank you for leading me unto temptation.  I really dunno when I've enjoyed such a meal.  Love,Nicole L.But really, people.  You showed me a **** - $$ joint within range of the party we were trying to make it to and did not disappoint.  The decor/ atmosphere doesn't really match the food and service quality, but I am not there to look at your style.  In fact, if I ever go into a Mexican restaurant intending on taking interior decoration notes, you can go ahead and slap me.  (OK, maybe Fonda San Miguel is pretty good-looking, but you know what I mean with the general lack of aesthetic sensitivity most places offer.  I'm talking to YOU turquoise, coral and yellow walls).  I digress.I will now be bringing every out of town guest wanting Mexican food to THIS PLACE.  I love South Austin Mexican food, but I haven't been in LOVE-love, like this in a long time.  I mean, green sauce = swoon.  I'm going to share a secret with you now, Internet.  You know how normally I never deign to partake in commercial meat?  Well, lately, my pregnancy has been calling me to just give in to my carnal (carnivorous?) whims.  I went ahead and indulged in the pork enchiladas with the green sauce.  They had a fancy name to go with their fancy flavor, but I forgot it already.  'Scuse.  Now.  Go get it in yer mouf 'cause this little prima donna was IMPRESSED.  Holy flavorsplosion!!!  Succulent, succulent, little piggies.  Bathed in tomatillo heaven.  Want more???You do?  How about I just break it down and talk about the short-comings of some other South Austin Mexican joints to illustrate how much better this place is?  I can be catty like that.  Here we go.Polvo's:  But why?  Everything tastes the same.  Margaritas, yes.  Then haul your drunk ass somewhere else for real food.  Or, maybe after that one frozen mango rita you are wasted enough not to care what you put in your mouth.  I, for one, am muy guilty indeed of making poor food choices when inebriated.  Guerro's:  Seriously?  I can hardly believe they're still open.  Why?  How?  Thank you for your "cheese product" and shabby ritas, but no thanks.  Pawn 'em off on the tourists, they don't know any better!Curra's: Oh, how I used to love thee.  Until... well, until the service sucked and sucked and sucked some more.  I just kept going back!  I couldn't resist your avocado margaritas (still can't), but really, now... are you going to serve it to me in this lifetime???And there you have it, people.  I just insulted some other nearby places to make this place look better.  But really, I didn't have to.  I just thought you might enjoy it.  Sazon uses real cheese, makes epic sauces, and I cannot wait to find out what their cocktails do to me!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,12/5/2011,310,185,7,12,12>They have it.That odd metric hex flathead cap screw from your Gaggia espresso maker?  Yep.  One (and one only) 1/8x24 Torx head machine screw?  Yes indeed, that will set you back 15 cents, or 30 if it's in stainless.Unlike Home Depot, they have and will sell one of anything, and if it's a nut bolt or washer, they have it.  I love this place.  Like the Austin Light Bulb Shop, they specialize, and they are great at what they do.Nice friendly staff, easy parking , and most importantly they have what you need.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,12/4/2011,112,301,5,12,10>This hidden gem deserves every one of its "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!" five stars.  Best place, possibly on the planet, to satisfy your southern fried catfish craving.  Good quality fish strips are coated in perfectly seasoned cornmeal batter, cooked in clean oil, then served without a hint of grease.  AMAZING.  The proprietors bring out small batches at a time, so what ends up on your plate is fresh and piping hot.  What a treat.The grilled chicken, mac & chese and assorted vegetables (looove the cabbage) on the lunch buffet are all delicious.  But the fried catfish... oh my heaven, the catfish... I want to go back for more right now!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,12/3/2011,125,534,3,7,8>Wingz. I love 'em. I was pretty excited when I heard about their 50 cent wings on Mondays, and I had to check it out. Plus, I needed some stuff from HEB so it worked out perfectly. Wingzup is your typical sports bar joint but on steroids. Is it normal to have about 10 screens in a room? The wing flavor list was full of interesting choices, but I ended up picking curry and buffalo ranch original wings (they were out of smoked). My bf ordered spicy garlic and BBQ. After trying all four flavors, I have to say I liked the buffalo ranch the best. Not that the other ones weren't great; all of the wings were really flavorful and came with an adequate amount of sauce. The curry wings were my second favorite; they didn't really taste like curry though. It was more of a buffalo flavor, but still good nonetheless. Service was pretty good. Our server checked in with us periodically, and was trying to get us to add on all these extra things, but we were here for one thing and one thing only: wingz. I'll definitely be back to try some of those other wing flavors. And maybe I'll work up the courage to try the ghost pepper ones someday...
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,12/2/2011,303,155,9,8,10>So I am not a wine drinker per se but I when Dalink A. had a UYE event here I put on some clean undies and brushed my teeth and headed to this cozy little joint called House Wine. I normally go for the lighter stuff like Jack and Tito's. First off there was a big group of us and Darla managed to get a long table for us to share. The lighting is perfect and the patio is beautiful. Sparkling wine crept in and next thing I know I am obsessed with women's breast. Errol again is a great conversationalist. Ashley S and Yolanda G are always a sight for sore eyes and I am eternally grateful for them for putting up with my shenanigans. This is definitely an awesome place that I am happy to be introduced to.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,12/1/2011,322,621,14,12,16>RESTAURANT INSPECTION SCORE: 89 (02/18/2011)"Oooooo...When my baby, When my baby smiles at me,I go to Teo..."With all due apologies to Pablo Cruise, I dedicate this review to a cool little gelato and espresso shop just across from Seton Hospital.Their location may not seem significant, until you find yourself staying with a family member who suddenly gets a hankering for frozen yogurt late on a Sunday afternoon.  Then, you hit the Yelp maps, and find that, although the TCBY you remembered just up the road has closed, this little espresso and gelato shop across the street will do just fine, and they're open until 10 PM.  One star boost for location, location, location and availability.Then you actually visit and find a charming little store with very friendly staff who are patient with a first time customer who needs nothing more than a medium two-flavor serving to go with appropriate packaging.  So many flavors, so many decisions, such little cups!  But all questions were answered with a smile and to my complete satisfaction, and I was in and out in under 5 minutes.  Certainly a one star boost for customer-oriented service.The only downside was that I didn't get to taste very much of the gelato, since it was intended for someone else.  But I did taste what stuck to the underside of the lid, and it seemed quite good.It's hard to say I'd love to go back, since Teo is far from my home and daily travels, and since going back probably means other than fun times.  But, given the opportunity and circumstances, I'd love to give them another shot--this time, on the eating end of things.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/30/2011,474,618,7,12,11>The Caramel Salt Lick ice cream might be the best ice cream I have ever had. I'm still thinking about it this morning. Such interesting flavors and combinations made it very hard for me to decide what to get. Fortunately, the guys were so nice and let me sample whatever I wanted. I need to go back and get the Pumpkin Pie ice cream or maybe the Lone Star Cafe Au Lait? or maybe the Spicy Coconut?A very clean and simple store. You nerds will geek out over their use of an iPad for a register. They even text message you a receipt. No paper waste here! And all the containers and utensils are biodegradable.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,11/29/2011,521,315,16,17,14>Eye Candy Alert Ladies!!!! Proceed with caution ;pThis is another Farmers Market FAV...They sell yummy coffee beans and drinks with coffee they directly trade from Brazil and roast locally in Austin. For drinks, they serve brewed, iced and a few specialty beverages. My personal favorite is called a Cappucello... they shake espresso, agave and fresh lemon juice over ice in a Martini shaker and strain it into a cup... looks like a Guiness beer with the head on it and tastes yummy... There is a bonus too - an eye candy guy named Joe (I know - he serves coffee - or cups of "joe").... The Cappucello is worth EVERY penny of the $3 just to watch him shake and make it... So go, order, tell Joe I said hello! ;pEnjoy!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,11/28/2011,235,240,5,9,9>I know I am the like 239th person to write a review on this place, but I can't help but rave about how much I loved it.Myself and a couple of girlfriends went here last Friday for Social Hour and I'll definitely be back.I arrived right around 5, grabbed the "complimentary valet" and headed in. There weren't many people there right at 5, but it got busy QUICK! Despite it being so busy, our waiter was great and attentive and all the food was timely and delicious.I don't even remember everything we ordered because $3 sake goes a looooooooooooong way, but I don't think there's anything you can order that will be bad.Oh, and just as we were talking about how much we love Tyson Cole, who walks up to our table to give us a free dessert and introduce himself? Yes, Mr. Cole. What a treat. And I even got to use the three Japanese words I know on him.This is weighing very evenly on my "best sushi place in town" scale. What a lovely "offspring of Uchi" this place is.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,11/27/2011,421,256,16,12,16>I'm in lecture right now.The professor is busy answering someone's question to further their own career.I just ate a Mexican Chocolate cupcake, a holy gift in return for my notes. I was also made to swear on all that is Abnormal Child Psychopathology to freeze the remaining 11 cupcakes to save for a later date, locking in their absurd ecstasy magic.I should start selling notes for cupcake$.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,11/26/2011,89,252,4,6,6>As if Chez Nous needs another review. But just in case you're late to the party, like I was, here are the highlights:Service: Awesome. Not in-your-face, and not super-fast, but steady. Our server checked on us throughout the meal, suggested things appropriately, but didn't upsell too hard. We also got the check in a reasonable amount of time-- not so fast we felt like we were being kicked out, and not so slow we were annoyed. Food:The bread and butter is a totally decent quality, and is essentially unlimited. Since the food is a little slow to come out, it's nice to have this to munch on while you wait. The cheese plate is pleasantly adventurous! Not for those who only want some Gouda and to call it a day. In a plate of four cheeses, two of them were strongly stinky and difficult, which I enjoyed. The other two were more mellow, but one of those still had a very distinct and interesting flavor. On the con side, it seems the sliced apples had been stored next to the minced garlic in the kitchen, as they had a strong and unpleasant garlicky flavor.Hot Boyfriend really enjoyed his lamb terrine, which I was too intimidated to try. The scallops with mushrooms in cream sauce... oh my god. I've died and gone to heaven. The scallops were perfectly cooked: seared with a nice crust on the outside, and barely done on the inside. The cream sauce was an indulgent, savory, fabulous thing. I sopped up all of it, unashamedly. And they use fancy mushrooms! Hot Boyfriend ordered some sort of steak, cooked "blue," and was thoroughly impressed that it was indeed cooked that rare. We both enjoyed our sides, but those fried potato dumplings were something else. And the herbs on the roasted tomatoes have a nice, surprising tang. The final flourish: creme brulee. Would you believe me if I said I'd never had creme brulee? I didn't know it was served cool, though that makes sense when you think about how it would be prepared. Not knowing anything about creme brulee, all I can say is I was full to bursting, and ate every bite. And I'm a small woman. And for a restaurant with such a fancy menu, I was surprised at how comfortable I felt in a sundress, with a man dressed in jeans and a button-down. It's completely without pretension.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,11/25/2011,458,426,6,6,11>I can't believe it took me so long to get into the oilcan!I guess it's because I used to go to bars alone, or with straight friends, in some pathetic attempt to meet girls. I never wanted to go to gay clubs with my gay friends because I don't particularly enjoy dancing and, well, I was never looking for a guy.  I was too dumb at the time to realize that this would probably be a GREAT place to meet a straight girl ...That said, I've always known gay clubs are WAY more fun than ... um did I almost say "normal"? ... STRAIGHT clubs.Alicia and I had a blast tonight at the Yelp party. The bartenders were super-attentive and helpful. The space, while not huge, was fun to explore, with a serviceable dance floor available. The drag show was a fun diversion.Thanks to the folks at Oilcan Harry's for hosting the Yelp event. I'm truly sorry it took me 11 years of living here to visit. My loss entirely.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,11/24/2011,49,94,16,11,13>Heaven = 80 minute facial in a zero gravity chairWhen I walked in for my Saturday morning appointment, I was immediately greeted with a mimosa to sip while I waited in the lounge area for my appointment time.  The aestitician took me back to the private room, and she asked me about my skin regimen and any concerns I had about my problem areas.  I told her it wasn't fair that I could still be getting break outs in my 30s as wrinkles are starting to appear.  She recommended an enzyme mask, and then the treatment started.  You're not in a typical bed but instead you sit in this super comfortable reclining chair that I want for my house but then I would never get out of it.  While the different masks are doing their magic, she gave me a neck, arm, scalp, and shoulder massage.  It's like buying a facial and getting a massage for free!  I was soooo relaxed when it was finally over that I couldn't speak.  She told me I was spa drunk.  I had a refreshing glass of cucumber water while I paid out my bill.  But I was still spa drunk.  I don't know if that's excusable if you get pulled over by the police....  "Sorry officer, I just had a facial, and I can't drive between the lines now.  But check out how glowing my face looks!"  So I walked to get a cup of coffee to sober up, just to be safe.  The best way to start your Saturday morning!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/23/2011,813,294,19,25,18>So, the last time I ate bacon... hmm, maybe 18 years ago?  I can still remember the crispy salty strips of porky goodness.  Then I ruined everything, and became a vegan.  Damn it!I was downtown today, which never happens if I can avoid it, and I was hungry.  I checked the Bacon menu, and saw a Black Bean burger.  Hooray!  The place was shit-packed, around noon, when all the suits go for lunch.  It seemed as though all of downtown fancy people were here.  I order the Black Bean burger, minus mayo.  The meat eater ordered a BLT.  We sit.  And wait.  After 25 minutes, some guy comes out with a complimentary appetizer, a pile of fries, cheese, bacon and sour cream.  Meat Eater said it was good.  Almost 40 minutes after the order was put in, the waiter guy brings lunch.  The Black Bean burger is a monster.  Huge patty, crispy onion strings, avocado, lettuce and tomato.  Giant ass burger.  And freaking delicious.  The Meat Eater wondered about how a place called Bacon wouldn't load a BLT with a massive amount of bacon.  Maybe it's because the restaurant owner doesn't want you to die of a heart attack in the dining room.Honestly, I don't care at all about the bacon that Bacon serves.  Try the Black Bean burger.  Its awesomely tasty, and you won't feel your arteries clogging as you enjoy your lunch.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,11/22/2011,325,414,16,14,14>Put your claustrophobia, need for clean, homogeneous cravings and stereotypes aside. Come on in. Stand in line. Close to people. Drink cheap beer (that'd be the Lone Star). Chat up the people around you.Listen to Dale Watson. Tap your toes a bit. Buy a ticket. Wait for a chicken to $hit.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,11/21/2011,150,193,8,7,9>In a galaxy far far away.............also known as North Austin Our story begins with Mr. Smidgens flying around in his Smidgenium Falcon with the lovely Princess Quinny. We hit hyperspace and made our way toward the Canary Hut for a little meeting of the voice boxes initiated by Daniel J. . Once we parked the Falcon and set the alarm to keep those nasty bounty hunters from planting any tracking devices on her; we strolled up to the front door. Tony B and Errol were expecting us. We entered the smoke free establishment to Daniel belting out a song on stage. As we surveyed the area I went to the bar and ordered some drinks. The bar keep told me I had to leave my droids outside. I complied. Mind you this was no Mos Eisley cantina but I did not want to cause any trouble just yet. We needed to wet our whistles before we picked our songs and sang to the likes of Joe Dirt and Zorro. Help me Mr. Smidgens you're my only hope! I told Quinny to have another drink and she said make it a double. After Quinn sucked down her vodka concoction she was flying higher than that Skywalker kid on his way to Toshi station. I talked my way through a little Cake, Daniel sang a little Pulp, and then Princess Quinny sang her little heart out with a lot of The Yeah Yeah Yeah's "Maps'. As we sat there people watching Quinny spotted our prize of the night. A Stormtrooper painting called "Get Some"! She quickly contacted the barkeep to inquire on how to purchase such a prize. Tony B. caught wind of our little cantina deal and tried to make a move under the table. I'd like to tell you it was a fair fight and that no one was hurt in this story but Quinny shot first and apologized later! With our newly acquired trophy we jumped in the Smidgenium Falcon and headed to the next spaceport to meet up again with Tony B, Missy, and Katie. In the middle of the night we woke up only to see a Stormtrooper standing in our hallway! Was the Empire invading us! WAS THIS A TRAP?!!!! Nope....the "Get Some" painting was glowing! That's right kids, the painting we purchased at the Canary Hut glows in the dark! Karaoke, drinks, Galaxy Art, and death stick free the Canary Hut is a cantina we will have to visit again. Until our next adventure....May the Force be with you!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,11/20/2011,724,628,18,19,22>If buying pretty trinkets is your drug of choice, then Tarrytown Pharmacy is your drugstore.  I found the following list of surprising items there during my last visit:$111 earringsThe Uchi CookbookKate Spade notecardsPet towelettes (for when you want to clean your dog's ears with lavender essential oil)Wind-up tin robotsCocktail rings with more sparkle than Mr. Clean's headChutes & Ladders gamesSure, you can get deodorant, toothpaste, and Wet Ones here, too - but at least if you are counting in square feet, Tarrytown Pharmacy is more gift shop than drugstore.  Stop in here on your way to your next birthday party for a lovely present and a fun greeting card; grab a bottle of aspirin for the after-party while you're there.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,11/19/2011,485,555,20,16,17>You say "cake," I say "where."You tell me free cake, I bring out a map and demand precise coordinates.That is how I happened upon C-Hunt's, my first visit coinciding with the birthday of none other than the man himself. For his millionth birthday, this gentle soul rocked guests out with bands, drink specials, and miles of free cake. It was the time and place to kick up some dust with a wonky two step, shimmying to your heart's delight. Some friends slammed down dominoes old school style while the bar was hopping.So stop forcing me all the way the hell down south because you want to go to a dive, okay? There's one north, and you should drive here. Plus this place is fun because Chester will hold you tight while you take a picture with him. Closer still, tiny dancer. You're going to love it.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,11/18/2011,461,645,8,21,17>Papi Tino's is the perfect setting for THE perfect date. The outdoor seating is romantically staged with white table clothes and each table adorned with fresh flowers while live acoustic music fills the air. Post birthday activities, Jesse D and I were in dire need of some brunch. We decided upon Papi Tino's and were extremely happy with the decision. Despite not having reservations (I highly suggest making them and I will do so next time), they were able to squeeze us in. I went with a brunch special of bottomless mimosas ($5 a mimosa or $10 for bottomless). The mimosas are made with your choice of fresh squeezed orange juice or freshly prepared in house aguas de frutas. I tried one of each and both were very refreshing. The aguas de frutas is mostly cucumber water with a touch of agave nectar. All plates come with a side of fruit and I was pleased to learn that the fruit they served us was from east Austin's very own Johnson's Backyard Garden. For an appetizer we ordered guacamole made in house, it was so wonderful I could have skipped the rest of the meal and ordered another plate of guacamole. For my entree I went with the chicken enchiladas suizas which were topped with ample cheese and was swimming, in a good way, in creamy green salsa. The green salsa was to die for. The side of beans were a bit dry and bland, but after eating the fruit and guacamole, discarding the beans didn't seem like a big deal. This is definitely a place in which you just go with the flow, relax and enjoy a lengthy dining experience. Drinks and food did not come out quickly but not unacceptably so. They now have an AC unit but they keep the doors and windows open so it is still fairly warm inside. The outside however has misters and since there is more chance for a breeze, it is the better of the two seating options.  Papi Tino's is cash only and they do have an ATM machine inside.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,11/17/2011,160,162,6,15,12>Bought a Burberry Shirt, a Ralph Lauren blazer, a pair of AG Adriano Goldschmied Jeans, two J Crew sweaters, and a framed Matisse painting print for $14. Need I say more?
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,11/16/2011,214,72,18,11,13>Bonjour, Yelpers! (Thus ends my knowledge of the French language.)Follow me past the children's playpen and decorative ficuses (Or is it fici? Either way, I'm getting a red squiggly.) to a display case full of French pastries fit for the resurrection of Napoleon Bonaparte. What's this!? A CHICKEN SALAD CROISSANT!? Oui, oui Mademoiselle! (I had to Google that.) And what's that!? An almond croissant? Then I'll take one of those as well. Jeez! Got any other kinds of croissants back there? Oh, you do? Well, never mind those.(Ponder Pause)What are these colorful cookie sandwiches I always see on Groupon ads? Macaronis? Mascarponies? OHHH! Macarons, (pronounced "Mac-RONS") Gotcha. Well, which is best? WAIT! Let me guess. "They're all good." Nailed ya. How's the lavender? Do I LIKE lavender!? Just ask my fabric softener, scented candles, hand soap and future daughter (Unless my baby's mama is opposed to the name, Lavender Killian. Which, let's face it, she will be.). I'll take one of those too. ANNND, let's see here... (Ponder Pause) Chocolate or coffee éclair? Well, although I respect your opinion, I'm going to completely disregard it and go with coffee. Nope. Nothing else. Do you guys do Go Local? PAS BON! (Which, according to Google means, "NO GOOD!")(Payment Pause / Narrative Shift)My pal and I managed to snag one of the five tables in this petite patisserie (not including the Little Tike table in the romper room). We proceeded to hack our selections in half like lumberjacks (I literally raised my knife overhead with both hands before each chop. (And by "literally," I mean I did no such thing, but I hope you enjoyed the mental image.))First came the chicken salad. The croissant was a little soggy from sitting in the refrigerated case all lunch, but it was still pretty yummy. HOWEVER, I did chomp down on a stray piece of beak. Since I've got more metal in my molars than C-3PO, I managed to avoid any serious dental damage. But I was still pretty pissed. Luckily for them, the coffee éclair was INCREDIBLE! The things I did to that thin, coffee-cream filled treat would make a gay man giggle. The almond croissant was nearly as impressive. The sweetness was subtle while maintaining its flakey texture. Pretty much all you could ask for from a croissant.Finally, we come to the controversial confection, the Lavender macaron. My friend absolutely HATED it. To this day, he reminds me how disgusted he was by that experience. He likened it to eating a bar of soap. As someone who has previously eaten a bar of soap (don't ask), I didn't see what the big deal was. Yes, it tasted exactly like lavender smells, but I fail to see where that's a bad thing. Like I said, I LOVE lavender. I just wish it maintained its fragrance after traveling through your digestive system. A lavender colon would be a lovely addition to my scented collection. Defecation discussion aside, I say La Patisserie is an excellent spot for some delectable baked goods.Au revoir!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,11/15/2011,476,262,23,21,24>ACDC's Highway to Hell was the only thing that got me through the longest 20 minutes of my life.  Too bad the song is only 3 minutes and 28 seconds long.Do this: put ear plugs in.  someone else puts headphones on you. a blanket is gently draped over your body. close your eyes. slowly get rolled into your grave. open your eyes. you are 1" from plastic, everywhere. realize you are about to freak out. press the alarm in your right hand.I never knew that I was claustrophobic. Amy and Paula talked me down.  "This is about trust.  What is your name again?" - Me"Amy.  What do you need?" - Amy"I need to trust you. I need to know what MRI stands for.  I need to know that I am going to be OK." - Me"Hi, Paula.  This is Kimberly.  It is her first time. Magnetic Resonance Imaging." - Amy"Hi Paula.  This is about control.  and trust.  and control.  It just feels like I am suffocating. It feels like i am being buried alive."  - Me"You know we would NEVER let anything happen to you?  This is very important. You need the information from this MRI to help the Dr. know what is wrong with your shoulder so he can help you get out of pain. " - Paula"Yeah. You are helping me.  This will help me.  I need this. Let's try it again.  80's music... i need loud 80's music.  Let's try it again..." - me"No stop signsSpeed limitNobody's gonna slow me downLike a wheelGonna spin itNobody's gonna mess me 'round"*Getting an MRI is like life on a tour bus in that the music is blaring, pretty girls want to take care of you, the bed is loud and it shakes with an undeniable rhythm, you have a limited time to perform, your image is captured forever, it's exhausting and exhilarating.Getting an MRI is not like life on a tour bus in that I did not have a guy's smelly sock in my face.*The song and album's title supposedly came after a reporter asked band members if they could describe what life was like being constantly on tour. Angus replied that it was "a fucking highway to hell". He stated in the magazine Guitar World that when you are out on the road on a bus sleeping with a guy's smelly sock in your face, it's like you're on the highway to hell. However, rumours circulated that the band members were Satanists and the cover of the album named after the song, depicting Angus with devil horns and tail, added fuel to the fire. The band has denied having anything to do with Satanism, with Malcolm Young commenting: "my mum would kill me for that!"~Wikipedia, Highway to Hell
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,11/14/2011,989,456,28,27,24>Let me put it to you this way: if I'm up at 8:30 AM, with the goal of waiting in line from 9:30 AM to 11:00 AM for barbecue, one of two things has occurred: 1.) I'm doing it for a hot guy; or 2.) The restaurant was crowned Best Barbecue in the US by Bon Appétit magazine, and both friends and family felt it was virtually a requirement for me to go and report back. (Hint: It was #2, although #1 sounds so nice all of a sudden).I swung by my dad's office downtown to pick him up, and he informed me my brother Neal and his fiancee Lisa were already at Franklin, third in line and waiting for us. It was 9:30. None of what I'm doing is making sense so far. Fortunately for me, I was able to park right outside the restaurant. We walked up and took a seat on the patio and began the waiting game. Thank God for cooler weather this morning, otherwise I don't know if this would have been feasible. People began to arrive in droves and that's when Lisa took action. Around 10:00 AM, she stood up, and much to my surprise asked everyone if we could start moving towards forming a discernible line. Before, essentially, the place became a clusterf**k. It sounded like a reasonable suggestion, and most people cheerfully acquiesced. Except for a large woman who I'll call Tons of Fun, who was one of the last to arrive before the line formed and sat squarely on the patio. She rather vocally said that no one needed to form a line, and we should all just sit down because "no one here is in the business of cuttin' in line." She made quite the scene. We'll get back to her. The hour in line was spent listening to a few young men talk non-stop about different barbecue joints, and about 50 or more people arriving in a line that began to snake towards the parking lot. Jesus, people, it's barbecue; they aren't handing out suitcases of cash. At 10:30, a young woman from inside came out to take brisket estimates. I think she gave up, knowing they'd sell out anyway. 11:00 rolled around, and we all geared up. And that's when Tons of Fun and her husband cut in line. Yes, the woman who loudly pontificated that we should just sit back and trust the goodness of people ended up being the perpetrator herself. And you know what? I'm not surprised in the slightest.We sat indoors and Dad came back with a heaping tray comprised of a pound of moist brisket, a pound of lean brisket, a pound of pork ribs, and (4) sausage links. I never drink Big Red...unless it's in a bottle, which they have along with bottles of Coca-Cola and Dr. Pepper. (Tip: Do what my dad did and buy extra meat to take back to work; I'm sure the office will appreciate it. They usually sell out by 12:30 or 1:00, so if you're there, you are the go-to guy or gal for everyone else.)The $64,000 question: Was it truly hip, or all hype? Well, let's look at this, shall we? The brisket was melt in your mouth tender, especially since we got the juiciest cut of the meat. Thoughts of The Salt Lick or The County Line fell away as easily as the meat on the pork ribs; the bone was largely ceremonial. It fell off. Just...fell off, sometimes with only a mere touch. The sausage was better than any sausage I've had before, either at a barbecue place or off the grill. Even the coleslaw was terrific, with big hunks of red cabbage in a light flavorful dressing. Their BBQ sauce was sweet and delicious. My dad announced after his first brisket sandwich that he would speak to the owner about having Neal and Lisa's pre-wedding dinner moved to Franklin in lieu of the Salt Lick. This would be perfect for our out-of-town guests, as well as keeping with their wedding theme of supporting only local businesses. I'm down. BBQ has never topped my list of foods I pine after, although I've certainly had my share growing up in Texas. I claim no expertise, however, and I feel this is appropriate considering the unfathomable tensions, opinions, and competition surrounding the bloodsport that is barbecue. Some of you I love and respect may disagree with me on Franklin, and that is OK by me. I can only say that as a neutral observer not prone to mob mentality or easily swayed by fancy-schmancy food reviews, that this really was some excellent barbecue. And to this point, the best that *I've* had. So: was it worth the wait? Yes. Is it worth the wait in the future? Yes. Will people cut in line? Yes. Are people intrinsically insane when it comes to food, especially barbecue? Hell yes.5 Stars for Franklin. Now go chow down.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,11/13/2011,766,303,15,14,15>I love you. I love your quirkiness and your weirdness and how you still handle your business. I love that you are laid back chill yet you are full of fun, hidden finds. I love your genuine bubbly persons and the way you handle my business. I love your location and your sexy library setup complete with do-me nooks. I love your lighting and your choices of deck or inside. But damn it, I don't love your parking. Still. I love you. I so love your food and your drink and your yummy-ass choices of each. Most of all, I love this incredibly creature who introduced me to you. And the fact that I can't stop coming back for more.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,11/12/2011,4221,482,15,34,22>Grass-fed beef. Okay, I get it now.  Wholly Cow helped show me that the grass is greener on the other side, they've got some damn good eats here.   On Monday's they have a $5 burger special, so naturally I'm going to optimize my experience with a deal.  Located inside of a small grocery store I arrive and put my order in for a single patty with cheddar, bacon, and roasted red peppers.  Add a side of sweet potato fries w/ that for a buck, it's just my luck.  I'm checking out the menu and there are quite a few options.  WTF are candied jalapenos...?  The owner lets me try some - - spicy and sweet, they also sell it by the jar for a buck less than the Farmers Market  Just my luck again - - I'll take your last jar.  Much appreciations.  My order comes out quick and hot, but I can't wait so I take a bite.  Wow, I can tell the difference - - I can actually taste the grass in the beef.  Unique and juicy, just the way I like it.  It's surrounded by a Sweet Hawaiian Roll for that nice added touch.  Trust me, I am quite pleased, I can do this grass-fed thing everyday.  The owner walks over and we engage into a discussion.  He emphasized that the beef they serve is 100% grass-fed all the way, no cutting corners.  He also raved about the Philly Cheesesteak and the Bella Sandwich (portabella), those are next on my list.  He is very eager to please and wants to ensure you're happy w/ your experience and encourages immediate feedback.   He's also flexible with the customer's request, just ask for the Livestrong / Crossfit Burger and he'll make you 2 patties of beef w/ tomato, but instead of the sweet bun he sandwiches it between 2 large slices of portabella mushrooms.  It's not on the menu, only by request, but you'll live strong after devouring that.  Funny thing:  I got one for lunch the next day, with some pesto, it really was awesome, and yet I still don't look like I'm cross-fit.  Damn, I thought that was the magic pill.  Wholly Moly, this place has become one of my favorite burger places in Austin, they've got a good thing going here.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,11/11/2011,522,1205,5,19,13>My dog loves this dog park! She gets to run as fast as she can in a game of chase with her best friends Boogs and Scrubbbie and make lots of new friends. I love it because of all the friendly dogs and humans and it is fully fenced so I can take my foster dogs there and not worry about them running off and it has grass unlike Norwood and West Austin that are mostly dirt/mud. When I first tried to visit this dog park this past summer it was closed until further notice for re-sodding and the city was having some issue with 2 separate contractors so it took longer than expected but it was worth the wait so that I do not have to hose my dog down before getting in the car like I have to a West Austin Dog Park. This park features the double gates so you don't have to worry about dogs getting out as dogs enter and exit, there is a water fountain for dogs and a covered pavilion and benches for the humans and of course the requisite dogie poop mitts for clean up.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,11/10/2011,224,413,3,6,8>A few years ago I met Wally at a house party that one of the original old school yelpers had put together. I book marked this gallery on yelp with the intention of going down to see it. Well a good 3 years have gone by since that and I still hadn't bee en down here. Then about a month ago I attended a benefit party at Blue Genie. They had a silent auction which several local artists had donated art to. On of the pieces being auctioned off caught my eye. OK it was more like capturing my eye and refusing to let it go. It was a very beautiful piece by the young artist Ian Shults ianshults.com . When I found out he had recently done a show at this gallery and that Wally represented him, I knew the time had come to finally go check this gallery out. I don't know why it took me so long to get down here but I know it won't be long at all before I make return visit. To say that Wally has an eye for beautiful talent would be an understatement. Don't take my word for it. Make a visit to this gallery and if you find yourself falling in love with one of the artist she represents, I am only gonna say I told you so.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,11/9/2011,92,180,8,14,11>As promised, I'm updating my review, and I appreciate the owners contacting me not once but twice to let me know that Ms. P's had relocated to S. Congress. Having read some of the other recent reviews of the place (meaning post-relocation), I'd have to say that they are some of the most completely unfair and inaccurate reviews I can recall seeing on Yelp for quite some time, at least based on my experience.I'll start with the main event, the fried chicken. Best in town. Period. And note that I am a fried chicken *nut*. No, it is not KFC or Popeye's-style "extra crispy," but that's entirely besides the point - apparently people who, unlike me, haven't grown up around homemade fried chicken and only know it through fast food don't realize that traditional fried chicken is fried in a simple flour batter and isn't really *meant* to be all that crispy, or even crispy at all. At Ms. P's, the crust is thick and soaked in some sort of spice concoction that's nothing short of magic. Chicken is an easy dish to screw up and a very difficult one to get right, and Ms. P's does the latter in spades. The fact alone that it's brined -- to my knowledge, no one else making fried chicken in Austin goes to that trouble, given how time-consuming the process is -- puts it in rareified company with some of the nations' top chefs. Yes, even Thomas Keller -- owner of the famous French Laundry in Napa Valley -- brines his fried chicken.As for complaints here about the pieces being too small, my reaction is a flat-out "WTF?!?" The breasts I received were flat-out huge, and the legs were standard-sized. I was actually surprised they *were* so huge, in fact, given that they use all-natural chicken -- which tends to be smaller than the overplumped crap generally found in supermarket aisles -- but was pleasantly surprised nonetheless. Ditto the complaints about dryness: my order was fresh out of the fryer and about as succulently juicy as fried chicken gets. Ditto again the complaints about "overfrying," which I can only assume came from people who don't realize that the proper way to make a thick fried chicken crust is to dredge it in buttermilk, batter it, let it dry, and then dredge & batter it again. (I've seen some places that do it *three* times, even.) Btw I also ordered "The Marty," which is basically traditional Mexican street corn (on the cob) with spicy mayo; it was very good but overshadowed by the epically awesome chicken.Location: a bit of an odd spot on the northern end of the S. Congress strip, about a half-block past Doc's Motorworks. When I first saw they'd relocated to the street I assumed they were in the "trailer park" across from Vespaio, but I actually prefer this location since parking is considerably easier. Btw their trailer -- an Airstream which, as advertised, has a huge CHICKEN sign in neon -- is easily one of the coolest I've seen in town.All that said, I'm giving the new-and-vastly-improved Ms. P's four stars for two reasons. First, as others have noted, the prices are high -- which I say even knowing that local free-range chicken and the brining process are a big part of that expense. I agree with others that the "hidden" menu prices do them no good, even if the owners think (or at least as I suspect they think) potential customers will be driven off by them. I was actually less bothered by paying $15 for an 8-piece chicken bucket than I was paying $3.50 for a half-ear of corn and $4 for fries ... which leads me to the second reason I'm giving them four stars: upon arriving home with my to-go order, the fries were nowhere to be found. I know I could've gone back and gotten them presumably without complaint, but still: I was the only customer there at the time, and how hard is it to get a basic three-component order right the first time?Finally, I've noticed that they took my earlier criticism about their Web site and Yelp page directly to heart -- the Yelp site appears to be updated multiple times weekly, e.g. in the event of a one-time change in hours (such as this past Monday, when they were closed) -- but I still have one complaint: why is there a picture of waffles on the Web site home page when they're not on the menu? (Or are they? Is there some secret weekend brunch menu not promoted either on the Web site or on their physical site?)Anyway, I'll certainly be back, but next time I better get my fries!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,11/8/2011,704,840,20,24,19>For a number of years, our son asked for the "red" cake from Mi Victoria for his birthday.  It feeds at least 20 kids, is inexpensive and huge, deliciously moist and the "red" frosting is yummy.  Unfortunately, he found out that even though it is red in appearance, the employees here call it the "pink" cake.  So, heading towards puberty, he rejected it altogether.  The giant glass case of bakery goods always attracts me.  Pastries in rainbow colors with sugar and spice dance in rows.  I watched families and children stream in on a recent Saturday to select their favorite treats.  The sugar skulls fascinate me and are truly beautiful for Dia De Los Muertos.We come here for the wonderful, fat and tasty breakfast tacos.  At $1.30 for a three ingredient taco, it's one of the best deals in town.  The green sauce is more flavorful thanTacodeli's.  You can actually taste the green chilies rather than, um, "experience" them the next day.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,11/7/2011,495,689,33,34,36>Let's do this one a little differently. We'll figure out the stars one by one and tally up the total: ************ For being another cool, hip, and trendy froyo place in Austin = One star. For being two doors down from my dry cleaner, but never noticing them before because the Yoga place between them kind of juts out and obstructs the view = Another star. For having 36 different toppings, including orange boba balls, with another four kinds of cereals and assorted syrups. Nice. WiFi and credit cards, that's nice, too. Having assorted pastry stuff with coffees and teas? Now that's frosting = One more star. For having the usual lineup of traditional and semi-odd froyo flavors, including one called "graham cracker pie" that the owner was so proud of she came over to personally explain how she made it that morning and totally convinced me how good it was before I even sampled it. And it was. LOL! Okay, that's worth another star. For making me a Sua Da - which by the love of Tao - was exactly what I wanted at that moment. It's called "Café Du Monde" on the menu. For that unexpected bonus? Seven jillion, nine-hundred forty-two quadrillion stars. You better believe it. Almost made my eyes round out.*************And we'll just round out this review to five stars.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,11/6/2011,132,354,2,5,7>Solidly good stuff.  Currently a little hard to find as they're behind the Starbucks with a Yellow "Now Open" sign.  Once you're inside, it's a fun rustic atmosphere with a big ass fan.  Quite literally, look up!Had to go for the $9 steak burger, but the toppings are nearly prohibitively expensive at $1 a pop.  I kept it simple with just swiss this time so I could really TASTE the burger and it was good.  Bun was nice, meat was juicy.  Even the fries were definitely something to notice, and I've had a lot of bad fries before.  Also happened to try a huge slice of chocolate (malt?) cake since it was my friends' birthday -- also quite good but none of us had saved much room for it.  Good thing there were 5 of us to split it.It's close to my workplace so I do hope they come out with some lunch specials, but nonetheless, I definitely see myself back here to try some other things.  Their waitstaff is super friendly, nearly overbearing (a friend likened it to being a hospital patient), but I can understand, they're new.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/5/2011,278,170,11,9,9>In as long as my parents have been here in Austin (since 70s) and me, a little later (for obvious reasons), my grandparents (for visits) and my French friends (who moved here I think sometimes reluctantly) we have HUNTED and HUNTED and HUNTED but were NEVER, EVER, EVER able to find a place that can perfect the baguette like back home (France and Algeria). EVER.  In fact, whenever we eat some baguette impostor of any sort, someone is bound to reminisce about the bread back home, my mother regretfully admits she's attempted to make it at home multiple times but to no avail, and yet another is bound to make some sort of comment on the culinary chemistry of the water, flour and altitude here in Texas.  Then we'd all kind of sulk and have these forlorn wandering eyes while nibbling away and dreaming of the real baguette across the Atlantic. UNTIL this little gem opened up far, far away.  Okay, not France-like far away but quite a drive nonetheless. Given we have waited 40 years, that little extra distance is nothing in comparison. And so I try to make that trek often to buy out all the baguettes. Mea culpa if none are left for you but we've been waiting in line for 40 years; get thee behind me. ;)So yeah, the baguette alone is worth 40 stars.  But as for some of the other pastries we've tried; although EXTREMELY authentic in taste and presentation, if you carry them out in the brown paper bags, you'll get an idea of just how much more butter and cream they have. But, trying to be as unbiased as possible, I do admit back home they were served in white little boxes or thinner waxy-like white paper bags. Still,  the amount of butter in these is A LOT more.  This doesn't detract from the taste; just that in my humble opinion, the authentic croissants, pains au chocolat and macaroons didn't need that much butter to taste this good.  Another concern of mine is the lack of options for people that don't eat ham, as Nicole aptly pointed out.  I was craving the Croque Madame and I asked if it could be made with chicken or turkey - but the lady politely told me these were made ahead of time (as John pointed out in an earlier review). If I had one suggestion to B&C, PLEASE, PLEASE provide some additional items to cater to those of us who don't dig the pig.  I ended up having the Ocean sandwich, and frankly the tuna was a little too dry and bland - regardless of how much I love the bread. I'm still maintaining a 5 out of 5 rating because after 40 years, we've finally found our Holy Grail of Baguette in Texas.  AMEN to that.  And again, sorry in advance if I bump you out of line and smack you over the head for the last available one. I'll buy you a sandwich or pastry instead and we can both leave happy. ;)
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,11/4/2011,129,231,7,7,8>Moonshine's Sunday brunch was wonderful. Their food and service are top notch.  They offer up a large selection of various "comfort" and "down home cooking" dishes.  My one recommendation is come early to avoid waiting on their patio in the summer heat!  The wait can be brutal if all the indoor seating has been taken.  I saw more then a few tourist actually melt before my eyes. This of course meant that I moved up in line so I'm not complaining. Go early or you can put your name on the list, grab a drink, sit down and enjoy the show. If you have friends like mine you can wager as to who will give up, faint or melt before their name is called!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,11/3/2011,154,152,10,11,12>Home slice is a slice... of pizza heaven. Yes I know it is part of the very overcrowded part of Congress, but maybe that is part of its charm. As crowded as it seems, I have never had to wait long at this place, it boggles my mind. The inside it kinda hard to describe because for some reason I never remember exactly what it looks like in there. Dark for sure, red booths maybe? I know this is there genius to make you solely concentrate on your slice, which I am very happy to oblige. There is also a few places to sit in the back as well. Words to describe this pizza: thin, cheesy, hot, fresh, gooey, garlicky, (is that a word?). You can order a whole pizza, which is a whole lotta pizza or you can order by the slice. My last lunch here I got the sausage and garlic pizza and, while no one would want to make out with me afterward it was soooo Delicious! It was worth alienating myself with my outrageous garlic breath. This is also a great stop after the Continental club, you can walk up and sober yourself up with a slice. Grab, fold, chew, swallow, repeat. Yum.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,11/2/2011,315,273,14,17,16>"What's a grit?"  - Vincent GambiniI came here yesterday with 5 awesome friends and had the best pre-birthday brunch ever!!!One of my companions and I had fun quoting "My Cousin Vinny" grit related quotes as they have Smoked Gouda Grits and what I ordered -Foie Gras and GritsI mean come on.  Don't you really have to?  You do.  It was INCREDIBLE.  It's very rich. I had to take it home it was so intense.  Everyone's respective meals looked phenomenal.  This place just does not disappoint.Our server Zenobi was a sweetheart and wished me Happy Birthday a few times (I really love that, I'm a 36 yr old kid).This is the second time that Olivia's made my birthday awesome (read my prior Olivia reviews, seriously every one loves the Lamb Fries bit) and I think, Olivia is officially my favorite restaurant in Austin now.Thanks, Olivia!!!!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,11/1/2011,379,403,12,17,13>Not a whole lot of decent Vietnamese places around this area. I was pretty excited to see this place opening up on the north side of the drag. When my co-worker suggested we try this place, I was all about it. Sadly, Texadelphia has disappeared. But this place has taken over the space quite nicely. We took a seat and someone brought us menus promptly. We already knew what we wanted: She is an avid pho loverI am an avid banh mi loverHer pho had brisket, some sort of meatyballs in it, served with bean sprouts and other oddities. She kept calling the "meatyballs" little scrotum sacks. I didn't care too much for the taste. She let me try the soup since I've never had pho before. The soup, to me, was flavorful. However, I am pho ignorant. It seemed like a lot of prep work for her before she allowed herself to eat it.  I ordered the combination special, which was the most expensive banh mi on the menu at a whopping $4.25. I was very pleased with the combination of meats inside it with pate, pork, & some version of pork belly. I found it interesting that they offered the sandwiches with a side of french fries for a little bit more $$. Quite an Americanized place I suppose. Well, it IS next to a Starbucks. A major surprise for me was how delicious the spring rolls were. They contained pork & shrimp, served with my favorite peanut sauce that I have tried to date. I don't know what was so different about their dipping sauce but it was simply amazing. Or maybe I was just starving. According to my avid pho lover friend, she gave their pho a B- in her professional, humble opinion. I liked my banh mi and will return because I am a sandwich addict. The guy who helped us explained that they only make 50 baguettes a day, and usually sell out of their baguettes for banh mi around 4 or 5PM. So basically, don't come here for dinner expecting to eat a banh mi.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,10/31/2011,168,161,6,9,12>Please see my earlier, second review for the all-important Bloody Mary coverage. And, I've heard a rumor that they have ghost-pepper infused vodka now, so, if true, will definitely be trying it and editing this review.I follow the Paleo diet, so eat a lot of special-order burgers: double meat, no bun, no condiments, extra bacon. Then I pause and say "and more bacon." I'd made the same order at an Alamo Drafthouse earlier in the day, and Opal's was far superior in every respect: good guacamole, large patties, big, thick slices of bacon, and, best of all, they swapped out my useless, unwanted side of fries for -- more bacon! I think it was four more slices. Waiters have done this for me before (the Alamo did, too), but not with bacon this good, properly cooked (some "give"), or in this quantity, and I haven't come to count on it. Upgrading an $11 burger at either place to have a second patty makes it $16, and usually I feel a little screwed, but it's my choice of how to eat, and occasionally I do get better value for it, like this time.The waitress and manager both checked to make sure they'd gotten it right. Yes, you got it right.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,10/30/2011,288,258,10,11,13>I should make a list of places you can go with your bf without having to compromise on class, taste, or entertainment level. What do I mean by compromising on class?  Well, think about it, ladies.  Your bf asks you to watch a game with him and he typically takes you to [fill in run of the mill sports bar].  A.  I'm not big into many sports, B.  I'm not big into sports bars with neon-sign covered walls and girls walking around wearing next to nothing for better tips.  Luckily, you get none of that here.  Instead, you'll find top-notch servers clad in head-to-toe black.  And more importantly, there are tons of big screens for him and nice booths and a nicer patio for me!  Win!The food is not typical bar food.  And their Allandale salad is the stuff dreams are made of.  Big chunks of delicious chicken, a great vinaigrette, generous amounts of avocado, dates and blue cheese, candied walnuts.  Just order it, even your guy won't mind eating rabbit food when it's that tasty. And of course, what you come here for in the first place.  The sports.  Like I said, they've got plenty of big screens.  Once we came in here so the bf could catch a soccer game.  We asked the hostess if they'd be showing it and she gave the manager our request and he put it on for us.  Awesome!  Thankfully, because of all the other pluses, I don't have to get annoyed at the bf when I'm talking away and he's ignoring me for the more important game that's going on.  And he hardly even notices me ignoring his play-by-play calls because my head is stuck in a game of Words with Friends.  It's win win here, folks!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,10/29/2011,79,81,10,10,12>So I'm the guy who made a date go out for pizza and a movie because I thought it was funny, and because I adore her.Pizza was Backspace and it was dope, but the movie made the night.  The Big Lebowski was (and is) awesome, so were the drinks (there's alcohol), the price for tickets, and the proximity to post-movies attractions.  We honestly had the best seats, the best venue, and the sparsest crowd for a great film, on a Friday night.  Not to mention walking outside and absorbing the view.  Just amazing.Bar Congress after for a nightcap, and the best pizza and movie night ever.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,10/28/2011,338,290,24,19,19>I got a few problems with the recent service I got at Redline Auto and Marine on my '92 Volvo 240. Firstly, the AC is way too cold. I typically have it on level 3, all the way to the cold side; the day after I got my car back from Troll, I had to turn the blower down to 1 and scoot the temp off all the way cold. This was so distracting, it's amazing I didn't get in a wreck on the way to work. I only asked to have the system recharged and he discovered an electrical short in the system which he fixed without charging me extra. The nerve! Second, my car is running way too nice. The brakes are really too quiet and responsive now and Troll diagnosed and corrected the intermittent power loss and stalling issue that has been plaguing my 240 for several months and that two other mechanics couldn't figure out. I'm really going to miss that oppressive sense of worry and shame about having an unreliable vehicle and I'm sure my dad is not going to be happy that I feel comfortable enough to drive my car to Ft. Worth to visit. Lastly, I can't believe you explained everything that you did to my car like I would actually understand it. Save your breath, buddy, I'm a woman! Don't you know we're mentally unable to understand anything about cars? Kidding aside, if you've got an old (or new) Volvo, Redline is the place to go: fast, honest, reasonable, and, best of all, excellent work!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,10/26/2011,116,224,5,13,9>After a looooong, tiresome day and really watching what I've been eating lately, I was sitting in the parking lot that is Bee Caves Road at 5:30 pm and suddenly had an irresistible urge for a cheeseburger with diced grilled onion and hand cut fries. A griddled burger. not a grilled one like Hangtown (though that's a solid burger too). Well my cheesburger fairy Godmother must have smiled down on me at that very moment because just as I was about to pass under the 360 bridge I Saw Hat Creek was open!! Hurray!! I am looking forward to trying their veggie burger and they offer a low carb, lettuce wrapped patty and turkey burger also. (The Turkey burger I had once at the Burnet location was really good).After a quick and courteous order was placed, I left with burgers for the two of us and some fresh fries and couldn't have been happier! Our patties were hand formed, perfectly seasoned and the grilled, diced onions were sweet and slightly crunchy. The fries could have used a wee bit more salt, but I just cracked some fresh salt on them and poof! All was gone in about 5 minutes. I think if I had kids or a higher metabolism I'd be eating here a whole bunch more, but they are a terrific addition to our area. Hat's Off to Hat Creek!!!!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,10/25/2011,296,536,7,13,14>This is the best Thai food in Austin (Portland, OR wins for best Thai restauants!) Outside of Austin, the rating might be a little less; however, we don't have much authentic Thai here. According to our friends, the papaya salad is done just like how a Thai person would do it--with baby crabs in the mix. The red and green curries are alright, a bit sweet for my taste. The tom yum soup is great and reminds me of my Thai friend's cooking back in the days. The chicken larb (my favorite Thai dish), is just OK here. The larb is packed with the tartness of lime juice and lacked other flavors. Overall, dishes are a little sweeter and less "fishy" than I like. All in all, great service and a great place to satisfy your craving for Thai. I must know when I can get the mango rice dessert. Every time we come, they are out.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,10/24/2011,611,369,7,9,6>It's hard to notice, but easy to love. Without deliberately slowing down on your bike (or in your car), you probably won't realize that there is a simple, modernly designed, and utterly adorable Japanese place on the left. The entrance alone puts me in a state of zen, and I want to have cute lunches with friends here at least once a week just to enjoy the naturally lit ambiance. The tofu is the best my friend ever had, she says, but I'm not a huge fan of tofu so I wouldn't consider myself an expert. I am, however, predominantly vegetarian, and having had my fair share of soy products, I must say - it was palatable. Everyone working there seems happy to be there, or at least when I went, and service counts for a lot. They have about 4-6 wines by the glass, and at least 3 sakes that you can have either hot or cold. The dishes are not enormous, but still perfect for sharing, and I definitely think I need to go back for one of those "cute lunches" soon.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,10/21/2011,211,223,6,16,13>i sometimes wait a little while before writing a review in order to see just how much i remember and if it all was still as good/bad in hindsight.  the risk of course is that if you stash up multiple future-reviews this way, it's possible that you might mix up exactly what event/dish/taste happened where.  not so with the carillon.  they continue to stand out in my mind - in every way - a couple of weeks later.  the carillon is one of austin's best kept secrets - but it's not the kind of secret that should be kept, so i'm blabbing.the whole experience was superb.  the only remotely less-than-perfect part of our evening is that it's actually a little cumbersome to find - being in a hotel/conference center on campus that has a ridiculously unmemorable name ("the at&t executive..zzz...education and conference...zzzz... center"...zzzzzzzz, oh pardon me, i dozed off in the middle somewhere.  look, i am sure at&t paid a buttload to get their name up there but really - even *they* probably can't remember that name).  but once we found them, the rest was positively delightful.the atmosphere is upscale, romantic, and warm, with an open view into the kitchen where a gastronomic ballet is taking place and where you can experience firsthand the kind of precision and ingenuity that goes into each dish.service was friendly and professional.  polished without being the least bit snooty.  our waiter seth was fantastic from beginning (when he greeted us by name) til the end.  he was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, and provided the perfect descriptions as he gently led us through their menu.  and unless you like to be totally, completely surprised, it is nice to have a guide because the carillon prepares food and combines flavors and textures like no one else in austin.  for example, their garden salad has no lettuce (!!).  it's a terrine - which some people might want to know before ordering.we went for the three course fixed price dinner which was a great deal.  beginning with an amuse bouche which was clearly hand-selected by chef watkins based on what we had ordered.  he completely nailed it - with an amazing hamache poke for me (that packed more flavor in a single bite than many entire meals i have had) and a tantalizing cream of mushroom w/ bacon soup for my lovely date - we were off to a great start.  each course brought sheer deliciousness and utter creativity in color, flavor, and texture - and left us wondering what could possibly be coming next.  as a notable bonus, chef believes in supporting local and sustainable farms.my salad consisted of little pyramids of white asparagus segments each wrapped with a sliver of spanish anchovy and complimented by manchego (in three forms).  i eyed the anchovy, debating whether i would unwrap the beautiful little asparagus creations just to avoid them.  i decided to put my trust in chef's hands.  so there i was, eating mutha f'in anchovies.  and liking them!  my appetizer was the seared escolar with blueberry puree, pistachios, and golden mushrooms.  utterly delectable.  for my entree, i went for the smoked apricot risotto.  fan. tas. tic.at one point, my date casually mentioned to our server that it was our 24th anniversary.  before our evening had ended, we were welcomed and thanked tableside by both the very gracious manager and also the chef himself, in addition to receiving a superb cherry vanilla bread pudding beautifully decorated with a happy anniversary message, compliments of the house.i highly recommend the carillon and can't wait for a return visit.  it was easily one of the top dining experiences i have had in austin in my 15 years here and i gladly surrender a coveted 5-star review for the carillon, without any hesitation.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,10/20/2011,235,378,14,12,12>At work, I am the breakfast taco mule.  In theory, we are supposed to trade off who gets the good stuff each Friday, but my syndicate doesn't have many good sources near them and I'm well connected.  Rather than be subjected to an inferior breakfast taco, I'm usually the one that makes the hit.  Since two of my coworkers are gluten free and one has g-f envy, the quality of corn tortillas is paramount, as is good salsa.  I can't risk bunk corn tortillas or bad sauce for my crew.  Which is why when I got a hot tip on Tortilleria Rio Grande, I decided this was the place to go.  I didn't case the joint, so I didn't realize they do not have breakfast tacos until too late.  I had to make a game time decision, so I just went with it.  I ordered a bunch of tacos, all different varieties.  I smuggled the swag into the office and nervously handed them over to El Jefe.  After delivering the goods, I let them sort everything out as far as who got what.  I was apprehensive about their reactions to getting lunch tacos first thing in the morning.  And if they were bad, things could get even worse.  Bad tacos just don't fly in this group, and I don't want to be exiled.  Luckily, things were fine.  El Jefe approved and the rest of the gang enjoyed them too.  We all really liked the extremely fresh corn tortillas and the fillings were delicious.  Tortilleria Rio Grande has been deemed legit, and may now be on our regular rotation.  Mission Accomplished.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,10/19/2011,304,440,9,13,12>We're on the 45 day diet... burgers only every 45 days, BBQ only every 45 days, etc, etc. I bought the Localiter discount for In The Buns and the time was right - off we went!I don't know. My burger was GOOD! It was really good. The sauce needs a bit of help (I ordered the Blue Cheese Bacon Burger) but it's going to get there. Two facts: 1) Save money - skip the fries, they are frozen (for now). The owner is researching different fry ideas. I would think the same goes for onion rings, etc. since I didn't see a deep fryer. No worries, we arrived for the burgers! 2) BYOB folks! In The Buns has applied for their license and they aren't allowed to advertise the BYOB but you can! I am so sad I didn't know before because my buns were missing their brew. The guy chef, I'm assuming he's the owner, is adorable and insanely friendly. He's the type you want to go ahead and take home to mom. "How are your burgers guys?" and as we're leaving "Thanks so much for coming in, I hope you liked your burgers!" We did Mr. Chef! My favorite part was ::shocker:: all of the veggies were crisp and fresh! And the bacon is deeelishhhh.... I think they made a visit to Pig Vicious University for some bacon tutoring because it's fan-friggin-tastic. Keri B was right!Go on and put some meat in your buns... this place is a keeper!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,10/17/2011,155,309,9,15,12>When looking for a place to take my date (OK, my wife...) for dinner, my intuition led me to Yelp. After reading some works from my favorite reviewers, my decision was made easy as they described some of my favorite things. Small plates. Wood-fired grill. Beer & wine parings. Memorable dishes. Excellent service. So Rachel and I were off to Barley Swine for our second visit. Or perhaps I should say adventure! Why 'adventure' you ask? Because their menu ALWAYS seems to get us to drift from the 'norm' and try some things that are not considered 'main stream' by our fairly conservative standards. We both like that about BS.We arrived at 6:05PM on a Saturday. After perusing the menu during our 10 minute wait, we decided that seats at the bar would work just fine. As Ashley aptly noted, there is something special about dining in a place where people clearly LOVE working there. You see it. You feel it. At Barley Swine, you can also taste it. It is all around you. To a degree you absorb it = it becomes part of your experience. :-) From our vantage point at the bar, we really got a sense of some of the subtle touches that I feel make Barley Swine something special; - the waitress raises a glass to ensure it is not spotted before she uses it for serving, - the bartendress talked about insisting that her boss call her in on her day off when for beer tastings were scheduled, - the cooks meticulously prepare each dish from parsing out the sauces to balancing each tower of food items before declaring them ready to serve, - waiters touches up each bowl before delivering them to patrons, - the maitre d' engages with folks as they come and go, usually getting some tidbits from their experience as they are leaving, On this visit, Billy was our server and she doubled as the bartender. She was cute with a bright smile and an engaging personality. We both agreed that four of the six plates we ordered were our favorites of the night, as the flavors of each ingredient combined to give you a forkful of flavor that really did make you wonder how they put together these wonderful and inventive combinations! Our top 3 faves beginning with the best were; - Foie gras, grilled pork belly, goat cheese grits, watermelon ($16) - Maple syrup barbecued pork cheek with sweet potatoes, apples, and chili pecan sauce ($11), - Grilled beef tongue with popcorn puree and cheddar glazed potato ($10), We hung out, we noshed, we drank and generally chilled for ~2ish hours. The evening was typical of most visits here; we ooohed and aahhhed, our eyes rolled back in our heads and we questioned why we had waited so long to come back!  While the first part is understandable, the second part can NEVER be explained.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,10/16/2011,312,628,6,12,9>I was surprised to see several folks dining by themselves at the bar, until I figured out why.  The place lends itself to that experience rather nicely: the bar offers up a prime view (and delicious aromas) of the open kitchen and the skilled chefs working their magic.  It's a fun and interactive experience for all your senses.  Plus, for upscale food I found the prices to be very reasonable (my 2 beer-based drinks, salad, entree and dessert totaled under $45).The menu is seasonal and changes depending on what is on hand.  I started with the Chicory salad; it was a refreshing mix of leafy greenery, cabbage, pickled beets, orange slices and with the unexpected: boquerones (anchovies).  I had the sturgeon and although it was cooked perfectly it's the adornment that blew me away: carrot puree paste swirled on my plate, artichoke hearts, steamed carrots, crispy bacon and pork belly slivers, and on top of the sturgeon was a delightfully bubbly bacon foam.....ah yes, that's right....Bacon.  Foam.  (Enough said).  I also sampled the creamy and savory mushroom and parmesan risotto.  The bread pudding was the bomb!  It was comprised of alternately fluffy and crunchy/caramelized pieces of bread, caramel sauce, pear, and then topped with a complimentary light and delicious pomegranate ice cream.The service was a bit weird.  They don't seat incomplete parties, which is fine, but the hostess seemed to be in quite a rush to get me outside and onto the sparse and unpopulated patio for a drink while I waited.  I asked if I could sit at the bar and she hesitated, but agreed.  (There were only 2 other people at the bar at the time, which could easily seat 10).  When my two other friends arrived we decided to just dine at the bar, and after waiting 30 minutes for our 4th to arrive we decided to go ahead and order.  Our hostess/server informed us we could only all order at the same time and needed to wait for our 4th, then hesitated and added, "well unless you really want to order now."  Yeah...that's why we asked.  Once past the seating and ordering, service was excellent.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/15/2011,67,132,10,9,5>My dearest Coreanos,You are the devil who has stolen this epicure's heart. My first fusion taco trailer love was Chilantro, who showed me that such a palatal dance between Korean and Mexican cuisine was not only possible, but also absolutely destined to be great. But then my sister introduced me to you. On our first meeting, I was hesitant about opening up to you, but you eased my anxious heart with your subtle aromas and savory flavors. The OG was your first gift to me, and I must say... you know your way around a marinated short rib underneath a hot tortilla wrap. Also, how did you know that I love to eat fries with everything? After sampling your Three Wise Fries, I have decided I will never go back to eating normal french fries ever again! Oh, the sauciness, the cheesiness, the meatiness of pork, beef, and chicken--just thinking about it stirs up my appetite for more! You even take credit cards on your phones! I guess they have apps for anything these days. (Keep in mind that's an additional $0.75 charge though.)We've had four or five encounters so far, and I've decided that you are the one. I hope that you will one day marry me and that we will make many food babies together.Love,Mary
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,10/14/2011,209,219,11,9,9>I love the look of this place.  Refurbished from the inside out with what looks like salvaged wood and sporting a back concrete patio that gives me total house envy, Icenhauer's is visually on point.  And surprisingly, I find myself forgiving a lot of things that would otherwise annoy the bejeezus out of me because of it. For example,1. The Music: The music here is confusing.  This place is clearly a bar that offers no table service, yet the music pumping through the place seems to indicate it's supposed to be some type of upscale lounge.  It's eurotrashy and a definitely dated.  The music is the whole reason why I think I find number 2 annoying.2. The Crowd: I don't know who is supposed to come here.   Whose scene am I in?  I don't think anyone here knows either.  I'm in the front room, sipping a lovely gingery cocktail, surrounded by some gorgeous wood paneling and looking at the table next to me, surrounded by hipster girls (all with bangs of course) playing Connect Four.  Beside them is a table of just-stepped-out-of-an-Emporio-Armani-catalogue-­from-the-late-90's set of euro trash peeps, and spattered here and there are preppy-New-England-types and your general run-of-the-mill douchebag.  This crowd is weird.  I don't find it "Austin weird," just weird, and obvious that this place is still trying to find it's target audience.  3. I Lost Things Here:  More my own fault, but now every time I visit this place it will be tainted with the loss of my driver's license, credit card, and favorite coozie.  Although the staff here was super friendly about trying to help me find it all.But again, this place is pretty as a picture, and since I usually end up here towards the end of my night, the issues I bring up are more annoyances and less deal breakers.  But if any higher ups do want to make my life easier, for some weird reason, I'd drop the games and change the jams...please?
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,10/13/2011,133,246,6,7,10>So maybe she warned me that the salsa was spicy, but you never really know what one persons version of spicy was.  This was spicy, not so much that you couldn't eat it, but enough that you felt like a man for doing so!The enchiladas were also very good.  Didn't wait to long and when they came out the plate was hot and full of food.  I enjoyed mine, the lady enjoyed hers, and we both agreed that the atmosphere was fantastic.  Not the best I have had, but price + value + portions + ambiance + flavor still = a great stop.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,10/12/2011,86,45,6,8,12>Fried capers take theNizza Salad from quite fineto simply sublime.Pair it with a glass of the Vermentino and chase it with a cappucino. Your overall attitude will leave well-adjusted.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,10/11/2011,90,138,8,10,11>Vivo's came highly recommended so I just had to.The whole way there someone tried to pry the destination out of me, no way that was happening. Hey, we're going to the little red pin on google maps, that's all you need to know.Walking in, wow, what a funk da funk place. Shear black floor length curtains separate off the bar area. More nekaad girly paintings than I've seen in a long time. A DJ playing some seriously funked tunes, this is not your mom's mexican. The Red/Black color scheme, the 20+ hanging chinese lanterns, edgy fun.Hearing that the Margaritas are great here, I recommended the Prickly Pear Margarita and ordered a Mexican Martini. The Prickly Pear was world class, I'm pretty sure that was an orchid floating on top, beautiful crimson drink with accenting white. It tasted as good as it looked, not sweet, a little bit of a bite and definitely a kick. The Mexican Martini was really good but it couldn't compare to the Prickly Pear. (yes, 2 drinks and tip ran about $24, but they' big, tasty, and strong, those were the only two drinks we needed so it's really a good deal).I'd heard the food was so-so, I'm now here to disagree. My Steak Jalisco was downright grilled perfection with a tasty tasty spicy green tomatillo sauce.Her Carnitas were melt in your mouth. The side of Charros were the best I've had. While we were waiting for the Flan dessert, a nearby table had a Funky Chicken entertainer arrive. We voted to see the chicken strip, but the feathers all stayed on.The Flan was a silky smooth finish and had a little crust on the sides, a different and delicious take on a traditional dessert.Wow.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,10/10/2011,49,176,19,20,12>I have had enough of the belly rolls of fat. The last few months I have done zero exercising but plenty of eating and drinking and it is starting to really take it's toll on my body. I grew up a skinny little thing that was very athletic and have had the luxury of having a fantastic metabolism. However, as the years pass not only do I curse getting older but my metabolism seems to be slipping away. I saw my hips pop out a bit, my boobs get a little bigger (slight bonus to gaining weight) and then I started to notice MUFFIN TOP. I draw the mother fucking line at MUFFIN TOP. As I was crying into my non-fat vanilla latte over my ever expanding body, I received an e-mail from Austin Tidbits (austin.gotidbits.com) with a deal for Dancers Shape. I read through the e-mail, checked out Dancers Shape and thought to myself...."Self, this is what is going to jump start your workout routine". The workout classes at Dancers Shape combines ballet, yoga, Pilates and circuit training to give you the best workout possible. The owner, Jennifer McCamish, went to school at UT and then went on to be a Radio City Rockette. You know, those ladies that have uber sculpted legs that never end,,, those Rockettes. My class on Wednesday kicked my ass. KICKED. MY. ASS. First off I was greeted by Jennifer who was very pleasant and took the time to show me around and explain the workout and what to expect. Since I was the only person in the class that morning, I had the added benefit of Jennifer correcting my posture during the workout, which helped me work my muscles correctly. Sure it hurt like hell once I was in the right position, but I knew that burn was helping me lose the fat and gain the muscle. During my other classes I had Toussaint lead the class and she was just as helpful correcting any bad posture/body positions during class. They are even sweet enough to say "Do as much as you can, push yourself but take a break if you need it". I'm pretty sure they were talking to me as the sweat rolled off and my body was shaking due to the lack of exercising over the last year. :) I have been to 3 classes so far and am excited about the potential results. They provide everything that you need for the class (mats, weights, ab thing, etc). The facility is clean, modern and centrally located in the new apartment/retail location off of Burnet Rd near Hat Creek Burger.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,10/9/2011,189,274,6,14,10>So this place just opened up where Mooya and about 5 other failed businesses have been.  I don't know why joints in this location never survive.  Is it because it's sandwiched between Trudy's and Plucker's? Maybe it's not noticeable over the large signs of Chili's and Benihana? Well, whatever the reason, this place has an uphill battle being in such a seemingly doomed location.  Well, I for one, am hoping this is the place that outlasts all the others.   This place is all about homemade goodness. The girl that took our order said the owner makes "everything" from scratch.  That is something that says 'quality' right away. No sauces from a can, no frozen meatballs, all hand made dishes.  That makes me, and my stomach, happy. They start by giving you complimentary bread and a saucer with some Olive Oil and Parmesan Cheese. The bread is light and fluffy with a lightly crisp crust and the Olive Oil is great. When it came time to order our meals I had a plethora of choices. The menu is huge!  But, I have been searching for a great meatball sub for a pretty long time (since I left Florida -- where all the New Yorkers retire, get bored ,and open a pizza joint -- about 11 years ago), so I thought I would give it a shot.  This place doesn't have the perfect meatball sub, but it is pretty close. The bread is the right size, it's crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, there is ample cheese, and the meatballs are juicy and delicious.  The only downfall is that the meatballs are not dense enough, but hey... that's something I can live with for sure. My wife had the stuffed shells and they were quite good as well. Nice amounts of cheese and tasty sauce.  Each meal came with a house salad and we also got an order of Garlic Cheese Bread, both of which were good as well.  All of this only cost us 20 bucks!  That's damn good value! Joe's really sealed the deal for us when they told us they were a BYOB establishment... AND, they plan on staying that way!  Sweet! We brought a bottle of red wine and had a good time.  They have wine glasses there, but they couldn't find their opener, so bring your own just in case!  They still got our bottle open, but it would have been quicker and easier if we had an opener.  Everything else about this place; ambiance, service, etc...  was good as well. But the BYOB, the homemade ingredients, and the price will keep us coming back for sure.  This place might not completely blow your mind, but it definitely won't blow wallet in half either. That makes it a place worth visiting without a doubt.Pros: Hand Made Italian Food, Great Value For Your Money, Great Meatball Sub, Good Stuffed Shells, BYOB (or Wine!)Cons: Not much of a con, but... the service and ambiance were the weakest points.Quick update: We went back and tried the Pizza and it was pretty good.  Crispy on the bottom, doughy in the middle and lots of cheese on top.  Not the best pizza in town, but a solid pie for sure.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,10/8/2011,184,184,5,22,10>What do you do when you want to get your first tattoo?  If you're anything like me, you obsess over artist portfolios online for weeks before choosing someone, THEN check their Yelp reviews.  I was glad that the reviews matched up to the quality of the work I saw, so I went ahead and made an appointment with Justin for a consultation.  I was a little hesitant when I pulled up and saw the strip mall location, but my fears were put to rest as soon as I stepped inside.  Clean, bright, and inviting are not generally things I think of when I think about body modification studio.  I arrived half an hour early for my appointment, and Pineapple graciously kept me company.  He gave me some advice about my industrial piercing (which I had gotten at another studio!).  He answered all of my questions with tons of information and transparency.  I hadn't even gotten any work done yet and had already decided that I wanted to come back and get a piercing from Pineapple!Justin was very helpful during my consultation.  I've heard so many horror stories of tattoo artists being snobby, but Justin is totally the opposite.  He was able to translate my vague requests ("I want it to not look like a first tattoo!", "we're getting matching tattoos but want them to be more complimentary than matching") into two wonderful designs.  When I went for the actual work he was matter-of-fact about the pain and always let me know exactly what was happening.  I'm also especially pleased with the healing method he suggested.  I am absolutely in love with the colors and his design.I will definitely be coming back here, I just need to decide what I want to get done next!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,10/6/2011,74,79,13,13,11>Short review: Summing up. Small, clean, modern, casual, inviting, splendidly delicious food, great service, very reasonable, BYOB. A can't miss, laid back dinner spot. Long review: Zing went the strings of my heart!!! I keep waiting for that Austin dining experience that leaves me with an 'it was OK' feeling and I'm sure I'll get my share, but so far going on the recommendations of Yelpers and Yelp, we're batting a thousand in our quest for the best. We were looking for a nice quiet restaurant/café that was not dressy and had good Italian. Not the easiest thing to find in the Oak Hill area. We've been to Verona's and liked it very much, but we really want to try new places, so there you have it. We search. This time the Yelp search came up with Milano Cafe. Very close, right down SW parkway. Easy to get to. Not expensive. Not dressy. And great ratings. Target acquired. As (almost all of the) others have said, it's in an unassuming strip mall. With a liquor store next to it. I'm sure this comes in very handy for those that don't know that Milano is BYOB, but we had got that tidbit on Yelp so we came armed with a nice Pinot Grigio. I'm always a bit leery of bringing a bottle into a restaurant. I keep thinking I'll get the stink eye for bringing in a bottle when everyone else is drinking natural, healthy, free range drinks (Ice tea, lemonade and water are free here with a meal). That ain't the case here though. Just about every table had a bottle. We had found our people. The decor is simple, clean and modern. The ordering process puzzled us, but I suavely stood around looking puzzled and awkward until the waitress succumbed to my powers. 'It's a little different here, you order from the menu at the counter and then we bring the food to your table' she said kindly. The 'idiot' was omitted, but probably implied. But no matter, armed with our new found knowledge we swaggered up to the counter like we'd been doing it all our lives and confidently flipped open the takeout menu by mistake. After perusing it for a moment to give the impression we were thinking about ordering our dinner to go and had only brought our wine in because we didn't want it to get lonely, we put down the to go menu and picked up the regular menu. Things started to improve almost immediately. Dash, the spouse formerly known as Mistress Linda, even though her name should actually be 'Dot' (Ask me later, after a few drinks) decided on the Mussels and Pasta. I went with the manicotti. We paid at the counter, then sashayed back to our table. Our very helpful and nice waitress whose name of course escapes me now, opened our wine and we sipped it and ate the caprese salads she brought. I like very small salads because I don't get filled up on the under card while I'm waiting for the main event. These were just right. There was a singer/guitar player there and it was very pleasant to just sit with Dot/Dash over a glass of wine and some nice music. The entrees came very quickly, and here's where Milano makes its bones with me. (I can't stop mixing my metaphors. They're like a meteor shower of...Dammit!) The food is seriously great. The mussels, clams and pasta dish was loaded with perfectly cooked mussels and clams, and every one opened. And the pasta was so perfectly prepared it would have been good all by itself. My manicotti was cheesy, with perfectly al dente shells, and a sauce that I honestly wanted to lick the last of out of my dish. They both came with crostini and everything was exactly what we were looking for. We are trying desperately not to eat dessert, and it was never harder to resist than after that wonderful meal. There is a dessert case with lots and lots of freshly made desserts. I've heard fabulous things about their Tiramisu, and I can confidently predict that I won't have the courage to resist dessert next time. And there will definitely be a next time. Lots of them. BTW, the total for dinner was $29.00. You can afford to tip like a star NFL wide receiver who shot himself in the leg, went to prison for it, then got out and had his parole party at a strip club with those kinds of prices.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,10/5/2011,381,228,6,12,13>So I always assume that everyone saying this place is great was just that it was new and different. Hype goes a long way in this town. However, this place deserves every last bit of praise it receives. FINALLY someone checked in here last night saying that they are open again. I literally jumped on my bike and headed out the door to try it for the first time. I arrived to a small line and already felt like i was winning.Perusing the menu I wanted to try everything but settled on the quail for sure and to ask the lady inside what she recommended. She chose the asparagus for me and I agreed. I waited for about 10 minutes when I heard her yell MEGAN? I almost jumped out of my seat. I couldn't decide what to taste first so I went for the asparagus. Ricotta, ailoi, yummy spices. FREAKING YUM. I immediately dove into the quail which was to.die.for. Surrounded by sweet potato salad, cheddar, roasted pecans, baby cauliflower. At this point I was eating as if I was in a race or hadn't eaten in 3 weeks. Every single bite of EVERYTHING was so amazing! My friend Tom H. showed up and ordered the grits and the shrimp which were both out of this world!Absolutely will be returning to this trailer to try the pork slider and the venison sausage. Maybe even tonight. WHAT?!!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/4/2011,62,69,10,7,11>Dear Rita Do you love me as much as I love you? Check yes or no and return.                    -------------                  -------------                    I                I                 I                I                    I                I                 I                I yes            I                I    no        I                I                    I_______I                 I_______IWhere was Rita's when I was a kid? All we had was syrupy snow cones in leaky paper cups with number #4 red dye. Rita's has natural ingredients, interesting flavors, and a very energetic staff waiting to make all your wildest dreams come true. When I was a kid I had to frantically shake out my dads work pants for loose change to buy a Popsicle from the truck as it headed down our street. Last weekend I stood in line with my son and his friend Ivy at Rita's grand opening and being in the first 100 they received free Rita's for a year.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,10/3/2011,77,205,7,8,10>Bad day?  Tan My.Don't want to cook?  Tan My.Celebrations?  Tan My.I think I'm addicted.two egg rolls and the #9 small with two limes, pile of basil, chili oil, hoisin and a crapton of bean sprouts thankyouverymuch.  *taps vein on arm*
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,10/1/2011,233,322,10,12,13>Y'know, when you have that amazing server that really helps the meal along and you get along with so well? We had her last time I was here. And how many times have I been back? Once. And even though we had a different server (who was great in her own right), and she had many tables, our previous server came over to say hello to me, saying, "I thought that was you! Who else could have such fabulous hair?"Truth be told, she's right. And my hair definitely likes to be complimented. But it was that and the new things we found on the menu that bump this place up to 5 stars in my book. Karai Escolar. I think that's the name. Get it. Love it. Pet it. PET IT!!Holy crap, that was awesome. And it's on HH too!Also, the Tuna Tower was amazing. Seriously beautiful to look at, and once our server was certain we'd absorbed its awesome presentation..."Ok? You like it? Want to take a picture?"SMASH!!She toppled that tower like I topple a bottle of whiskey (into my mouth), with all of us agape and stunned that anyone would want to ever do such a thing to an amazing work of art. She stirred and folded everything in, until it was fully mixed and ready to be wrapped in the negi pieces that come with it. And then, the real artistic nature of this dish came alive. It's not really possible for words to describe it. Just know, even if you're there for happy hour, it's worth splurging and paying $12.50 for.The biggest endorsement was hearing that my lady love went there two days in a row while I was gone to Burning Man. I knew at that point that these folks had a truly winning place on their hands.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,9/30/2011,100,112,15,15,15>I have something to say to Royal Blue,It may be silly, but I have a little crush on you. Your staff are spunky and bright,You satisfy my hunger, bringing me such delight. I love that you are only a short walk away,A visit to you helps break up my work day. Your tasty salads and sandwiches are so handy,I can even treat my sweet tooth by buying a single reeses candy. I can't cone every day, I would spend too much,You are a great escape, and now, I must blush.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,9/29/2011,28,48,12,4,10>Seven stars!Give it up for Keri B for hosting this HH.  I came in with my pudding face on, smiling at no one and everyone in hopes I would recognize somebody and finally I made eye contact with Keri and so begins my afternoon at the dimly lit, well-patio'ed, little gem of a place called The Hideout. Our waitress Shannon was just superb.  Never flustered and didn't flinch at my increasingly high-pitched shrill voice (it happens when I get excited). I got the chicken tenders with onion rings and waffle fries.  I've had my share of waffle fries and find most of them too potatoey but these had a great batter and some sort of seasoning and it was great.  They make a mean iced tea, too lol.  This was my 1st time at Hideout and 1st UYE (look at me all cool using Yelp vernacular).  There were lotsa interesting and fun folks who showed and many great conversations going on and I found it a little hard to focus b/c I wanted to HUG EVERYBODY!! Someone please bring me some Ritalin from your kid's prescription next time. That and Lipitor. Imma have another go at those waffle fries.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,9/28/2011,184,302,11,13,13>Awesome all the way around.I should talk first about the wonderful food, but the owner is such a remarkably welcoming person that it's only fitting I begin with her.  From the moment we walked in to the crowded small dining room, she was a beehive of activity making sure that all guests were enjoying themselves.Friendly and funny, she and her staff were a constant assurance that we were welcome there, and would have a good time.The food?  Amazing.  Artful in its presentation, the smells and sights were torturous for us as they built the large platters of food.  Once given the go ahead, we fairly tore into everything.The meats - lamb, goat and beef - were delectable, but the veggies were sublime.  I loved, loved, loved the cabbage and the split yellow peas, the lentils were great, too.I didn't eat anything I didn't like, some things were downright addictive.  I could eat 50 samosas, the spinach being my favorite but the beef was pretty damn fine, too.  Heck, even the simple tomato/onion salad was perfectly balanced with the spiciness of its companions.You can probably tell I'm a fan.  Having the pleasure of the company of several cool Yelpers only added to my enjoyment.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,9/27/2011,238,365,9,12,8>I once waited 3 hours to eat at Pizzeria Bianco.THREE HOURS.OUTSIDE. IN PHOENIX. IN JULY PEOPLE! It was like 125F!Let me tell you, the pizza was amazing, but I will never do that again. Not even if Chris Bianco himself hand fed me pizza. The thing about Pizzeria Bianco is: their crust is outstanding. It's thin, chewy, and crispy with flecks of char. It's some of the best crust I've ever had. Luckily, I don't live in Phoenix. I live in Austin, and we have a little gem of a place called the Backspace. And you know what? They make pretty damn good pizza - nearly as good as Pizzeria Bianco's. I ordered the roasted mushroom with capers pizza and the guy ordered the margherita. The crust was chewy and crispy, and I loved the combination of capers and ricotta and mushroom. For dessert, I had the tiramisu, which was really creamy, rich, and decadent. I loved it all. Unfortunately, the night was not perfect. One major misstep: they forgot to put in the guy's pizza order, so he got his pizza nearly 30 minutes after I had already eaten mine. The server was super nice and explained that it was a super hectic night (it was SXSW) and comped our dessert. Overall, the Backspace serves up some really good pizza in a very cozy setting. I highly recommend.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,9/26/2011,90,161,9,9,10>Hop - diggidy - dog, I was saying after munching my Terlingue burger at Hopdoddy. I admittedly am a pretty basic burger eating kind of person so for me this was the best tasting burger that i have consumed in quite some time. The good sized beef patty was very tasty and perfectly cooked The chili con carne sauce gave it a unique and slightly spicy snap. Corn Frito's added texture and crispness. The Tillamoolk cheddar cheese was just cheese to me but was a must have on this burger. I very much liked the cool, contemporary and comfortable seating inside Hopdoddy. I can have an enjoyable conversation with a friend and also check out some cool S.Congress people watching. The staff all seemed pretty friendly and helpful and our helper was cute, fun and attentive. I am glad i tried Hopdoddy a few times before i reviewed them to get used to the somewhat awkward ordering routine. I have had their Dublin Dr. Pepper and my daughter, the Mexican Vanilla Milkshake on another previous visit and loved it. On that occasion it gave me the opportunity to use the John Travolta lines in Pulp Fiction. VINCENT: Can I have a sip of that? I'd like to know what a five-dollar shake tastes like. MIA: Be my guest. You can use my straw, I don't have kooties. VINCENT: Yeah, but maybe I do. MIA: Kooties I can handle. VINCENT: Goddamn! That's a pretty f***in' good milk shake. MIA: Told ya. VINCENT: I don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty f***in' good.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,9/25/2011,348,383,14,8,11>I distinctly remember telling Mickey A. this was the best burger I ever ate. And then just chowing through it. Oh, and that  the waffle fries were so hot and fresh they burned my fingers and mouth. Everything else is a fog. I am going to give my drunken self the benefit of the doubt and score Bender 4 stars for now. It's a placeholder until I can return and enjoy a burger while I am a little less drunk.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,9/24/2011,315,239,8,17,14>Holy Mother. I have found *the* place in Austin. The one with perfectly authentic Cajun dishes like we used to eat at Grandpa's house in New Orleans (or at least at the deli down the street from his house). Thus far, I've had the Stuffed red beans & rice, chicken & sausage gumbo, crawfish etouffee, smothered green beans, and cornbread. All were freakin' flawless! I mean, the gumbo & RBR were perfectly seasoned, with the just spicy enough house-made smoked andouille. The gumbo was dark & rich, the chicken perfectly melt-in-your-mouth succulent, the roux dark and salty. The blonde etouffee must be at least 1/2 butter, so creamy and full of plump, juicy, clean little mudbugs. The green beans (Lord, who brags about green beans?) were full of bacon-y goodness. Finally, the cornbread: not too sweet (it's not supposed to taste like cake, people!), with a nice firm but tender texture. If you're from Cajun Country or you've been a longtime customer of that other Cajun deli out on 183/McNeil, you owe it to yourselves to give Stuffed a try. I can't wait to come back and have one of those po-boys (only available before 4pm) with the flaky Gambino's french bread trucked in from New Orleans. Oh, and the "Get Some Tonight" meals where you order at noon and have a fantastic after-work takeout dinner for 2-4 for $20-30 depending on your entree choice. Of course, there's also the myriad of stuffed and wrapped meats that you can cook at home. You've heard of Turducken (chicken inside a duck inside a turkey with savory stuffing layers in between), right? Well at Stuffed, just about any cut of beef, pork, chicken, or a few other fowl & seafood choices can be pumped full of boudin, cornbread dressing, jalapeno cream cheese, crawfish rice, dirty rice, jambalaya, Cajun sausage, or sauteed mushrooms & onion and then wrapped in house-made bacon. Sooooo much flavor, so juicy and delicious. Once that cold weather finally gets here (please tell me it's coming soon!), I will be picking up my gumbo-making supplies from the Stuffed pantry. They have pre-made dark roux (don't hate - this product makes an excellent gumbo base and saves lots of time in a labor-intensive process) and the essential fresh smoked andouille. The Louisiana and Beaumont relatives and friends will certainly approve.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/23/2011,258,244,17,15,14>When you are becoming friends with someone, you often find there are little quirks that could be annoying or endearing, ups and downs, or likes and dislikes that conflict with yours. Dive Bar and I are experiencing these types of growing pains. Here are some examples:1) On a long list of local and national specialty brews written on the wall, you have snuck in the following: "Michelob Ultra."2) You host an Underground Karaoke night, which was a little awkward, but you pulled through by having an enthusiastic DJ and a bartender who sing along whether the 24 year old singing is nailing or mumbling lyrics.  3) When you are busy, there are problems in making drinks. But you make sure I am happy. In fact, on Monday you make delicious $4 margaritas and mojitos and Wednesday ANY bottle of wine is 1/2 off.4) When I joked about your whales, you didn't point at the ships, anchors, and other nautical images stenciled on the wall and then point to the dictionary definition of "dive." (def: to plunge into water, syn: submerge ex. "The submarine dived.")5) Showing classic and unusual films and not just having the t.v. on a random channel is a great idea. But please not another sexploitation film. (I am not uptight! I just don't want to be THAT kind of friends.)I still want to be friends. You remember me and are happy to see me. When you meet a new friend of mine, you are thrilled and do your best to make her happy. Most of all, you have such personality. Dive Bar, you are worth it.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,9/21/2011,111,114,7,7,9>Baaa-Raammm-Eeewwee...I love this place.Fast becoming a favorite hangout, Black Sheep offers great food, even better beer, and super fun communal tables that make it easy to mingle and meet people.  Feels genuinely "pubby."  I'm not a huge sports person but I love being a viewer in places like this.  Sometimes I'll even pretend I'm a fan by throwing out meaningless remarks and clapping with everyone else... "How about that forward sputnik on the 60 yard line?  I mean, come on, ref?  Are you seeing this?"Dropped by recently during a football game (Someone vs. Someone Else) and waited patiently for a couple spots to open at a table.  This is part of the fun.  It's somewhat of a challenge to land a spot for you and some friends but once you do, the food tastes better, people are funnier, and you're like, "Score! We made it!"  And you kind of rally together with the other people around you.  Makes for a great payoff.  I've been on a hot dog kick lately (happens about once a year) so I went with their classic dog and a Live Oak Big Bark (delish).  Hot dog  = tasty beef + onions + electric green relish.  My friend and I were astounded at the color of this relish.  It looks like something had happened...or would happen later.  But it tasted fine.Service is meh but at a place like this it kind of adds to the pub feel.  "To your breed, your fleece, your clan be true.  Sheep be true...baa-ram-ewe..."
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,9/20/2011,231,205,14,13,11>This is my 200th review, and yes, it is an update. In thinking of all the wonderful discoveries I have come across since beginning with Yelp, Avenue Five stands out as the clear front runner. I love telling people that I get my hair cut and colored at a beauty school, AND that they use Wella and Kevin Murphy products on my hair.My latest find at Avenue Five is Justine, an intuitive student who rolls with the changes I want to make each time I come in and seems to understand my aesthetic better than any student I've encountered at the school. I never want her to graduate.Still only four stars because the music in there has gotten almost unbearable. As I said when I was in last appointment, "there is absolutely nothing edgy or hip about John Secada followed by a two-year-old P!nk song." Just give me some gay bar dance music and we're good.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,9/19/2011,699,1000,9,14,12>Amy D. and I came to Apothecary to share a bottle of wine because all day Sundays and Mondays you get $10 off all bottles!  Yippie skippy!The inside is small and if filled with people it gets very loud.  They have a small patio out back that would be great once the sun goes down.  This is one of those seat-yourself, first-come-first-serve places so keep your eyes peeled for a spot.  The decor looks like my living room at my house:  red painted walls and furnishings that look like they came from Four Hands.  I did not try their food this visit but I heard the panini's are excellent as are the cheese plates.  Everything I have heard about the food is amazing.  The selection of wine is massive:  both front and back menu's filled with bottle after bottle.  We shared an Argentinian Malbec that was fruity yet not overpowering.  Nothing better than splitting a bottle of wine over great conversation and ambiance!  Their wine menu rotates so be sure to check back often.Apothecary isn't just food and wine.  You need to try their coffee/espresso.  They make a rich, intense Americano for $2.50 that is some of the best I've had in Austin.  Their coffee menu includes things like french press, Vietnamese coffee and chai's.  In addition they also have a selection of tea and beer!!  The best beer evah, Fireman #4 is only $2.50 a bottle!  Oh, and they have Mexican Coke too.Bring your laptop (they have free Wifi), bring your date, bring your friends, you can even bring your dog on the patio.  Apothecary has something for everyone.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,9/18/2011,150,124,6,11,9>Ok, so you've heard of the 6 Million Dollar Man, right? Well, as a teen, my parents used to joke and call me the 6 million dollar mouth thanks to tongue thrusts, speech therapists, orthodontists, 10 extractions, maxillofacial surgery, etc. You get the idea.So let me preface this by saying that my dentist office has been giving me the high pressure sales pitch from the first day I walked into their offices. It's like they took one look in my mouth and dollar signs instantly appeared in their eyes.Luckily, I've been around the block long enough to know that if I were to do what they suggest, it would only be under the skilled hand of a surgeon, not them.So today I met with Dr. Franklin Bonasso who, not only spent a great deal of time discussing why he would NOT do the surgery, but consulted with me at length about another issue and even gave me a nice referral.I felt Dr. Bonasso really took his time with me and though I ended up not needing his services now, I'll feel confident returning to him should my problem ever warrant surgery in the future.The total experience was already yelp-worthy enough but just in case, Dr. Bonasso sealed the deal when he asked the front desk to charge me only for the consultation (not the xrays). That was like the "5th star" icing on the cake!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,9/17/2011,198,276,11,15,17>Ok, apparently I'm an idiot. My boyfriend started working somewhere new, he was stressed, so I thought ...what better way to brighten his day than some fresh-baked cookies??!? So my boyfriend gets home last night and has no idea what I'm talking about when I ask if he enjoyed the cookies....strange...I sent them to you...Problem was, I gave Tiff's the wrong freaking address! (this is where me being an idiot comes in)So, I get to work today and contact Tiff's and they said they weren't aware there was a problem since the place they took them said they would give them to him (yeah...liars! --the people, not Tiff's).Shawn at Tiff's was so flipping nice....he saved my butt. It was my fault that they got taken to the wrong place...but he let me pay the delivery fee and sent them again today! I love these guys! It's so awesome when a place tries to make the customer happy and I feel like Tiff's went the extra mile. Thank you guys!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,9/16/2011,474,618,7,9,9>Thank god for Baby Days! If I could give them more stars I would. I finally got to see The King's Speech, because the Alamo not only offers but encourages parents to bring their babies to the movies on Tuesday mornings. I just wish I had started doing this sooner with my daughter. It is the only way I get to see movies these days!I think it is easy for people to get nit picky about the cost/quality of the food, but compared to any huge cineplex, the Alamo has them all beat. And I don't go for the food, I go for the programming. The snacks and drinks are just an extra perk.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,9/15/2011,322,621,10,15,13>What's a matter, Bunky?Having a bad day?Is your irrigation system on the fritz?Do you have both desert and marshlands in your yard?Is there more water in the street after you water your lawn than is left in all of Lake Travis?Does your water bill make the national debt pale in comparison?Well, Bunky, rest easy.  I can solve all your problems with one call to Guedea Services.I called Guedea Services based on the reviews of several Yelpers, including Darla A..  I had to wait about a week to get a couple of hours of Mr. Guedea's time, but it was well worth it.You see, I had a broken line that was repaired by another company last year.  While they came out within two days and did a quick repair, it didn't last.  The failing?  They installed the slip joint coupling in opposition to the direction of water flow (essentially backwards), and water pressure gradually caused it to collapse on itself.  Plumbing 101 FAIL.I'd let this situation persist since mid-June, relying primarily on runoff water from the yard to take care of the edge strip.  That worked well when temperatures were in the 90s, but not so much with these egg-frying 100s.Mr. Guedea identified the issue right away and fixed it to last.  Moreover he took the time to check each of the 40+ heads in my sprinkler system for proper performance.  Along the way, he noted one clogged head, and several that had been damaged by my lawn service.  I had plenty of parts on hand, so other than for the pipe repair, we relied on my inventory of sprinkler heads and nozzles, which saved Mr. Guedea and me both time and trouble.When Mr. Guedea left a couple of hours later, I felt more confident in my system's performance and ability to conserve water.  Moreover, as many others have noted, while I already knew I had an associate's degree in irrigation, he put me well on the path to post-baccalaureate work with all of his helpful tricks and tips.  And, his price was very reasonable for the time spent on the job to boot.So, I highly recommend Guedea Services for your irrigation system repairs.  They certainly know how to turn a bad day into a Good-day-ahhh!  :)
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,9/14/2011,521,315,12,24,22>There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed. ~ Ernest Hemingway --------------------------------------------------­----------------------------------------------I secretly desire to legally visit Cuba before it becomes open and overrun with American tourists and retrace the steps of Hemingway by way of his favorite local cafes and watering holes. Feeding that desire is my romanticizing of Ernest Hemingway sitting in his favorite watering hole in Cuba. I imagine him drunk on Daiquiris, smoking Cuban cigars, kibitzing with the locals, and collecting fodder for his memoir. While I never really pictured what he was eating, a Cuban Sandwich comes to mind. No one knows for sure if the Cuban Sandwich originated in Florida or Cuba, just that it was originated by Cuban's. With its origin up for grabs, suffice it to say, the Cuban Sandwich is a staple from history that has been enjoyed by farm and cigar factory workers over the years and has made its way to Austin and into the hearts of a whole new generation. This little trailer on South Lamar serves up a Texas-sized Cuban sandwich, aptly named the Texas Cuban. It serves two people according to the menu, but I do think it could serve 6. I ordered the Cubanito which is half of the El Cubano (which is half of the Texas Cuban). So in case you are confused: Cubanito=Smallest; El Cubano=Middle; Texas Cuban=MF Big-A$s Sandwich!They make the Cuban sandwich in it's basic traditional form with a slight twist, it has provolone. It also has Swiss cheese, juicy roasted pork tenderloin, ham, pickles and your choice of mustard or mayo. The traditional Cuban calls for mustard, but if you want to spice it up, they have a horseradish Boars Head mustard to give it a little kick. All if this is served on Cuban bread which is pressed and lightly toasted in a plancha. This is similar to a panini press without the grill lines. The Cubanito for $5.50 is a meal in and of itself. The pork was tender, pulled apart easily and oh so moist. The heated combination was not overpowering, but the perfect blend of ingredients on a crisp toasted bread. For $1 more you can add either Tostones (Plantain chips) or Maduros (Sweet Plantain Chips) on the side. I opted for the Tostones, which were slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was kind of like having a pressed plantain cake. They were tasty and a perfect pair to the Cubanito. They have just a few sandwich offerings. In addition to all the Cuban sandwiches, they also serve the Media Noche, which is almost the same as the Cuban except it is served on a garlic egg bread (similar to a challa). They also offer Cuban and American burgers and a nice grilled vege sandwich with roasted zucchini, yellow squash, onions, mushrooms, red bell peppers and provolone. You can chose from a handful of sides or starters in addition to the plantain chips including black beans, fries, Cuban croquettes, and  papa rellenas as well as non alcoholic bevvies like Zico, Dublin Dr. Pepper and Mexican Coke to name a few. BYOB if you want to have more of the Cuban experience here. Perhaps after a libation or two, you too may imagine Hemingway in just such a place for a little Cuba in Austin.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,9/13/2011,354,138,9,11,12>I don't get enough opportunities to eat here, let's face it, if you like Truluck's, neither do you.  My sweetheart asked me if I wanted to go Wednesday evening and so we were off...  We arrived just after happy hour, but luckily every Wednesday for a while, they are offering 50% off bottles of wine.  Well if you know one thing about me, you know I like my wine.  I went for a Napa Cabernet, can't go wrong with a true Napa (usually).  This time was no exception.  The wine was good, and we decided to go for the appetizers.  This has been our thing lately, tapas everywhere we go.  At this restaurant, you might still get a bill that's a bit higher than other places, but the food is great and in smaller portions; perfect for someone watching his weight, but just enough to satiate.We ordered the spicy fried shrimp which was deliciously golden brown and was served with honey, no tiny shrimp here for that... these were big and juicy, splayed out and honey brown.  In addition to the shrimp, we ordered the goat cheese trio, a plate of varying degrees of creamy lactose-free goodness.  The bread to spread it on was warm and freely flowing.  One was plain with honey and crisp apple slices, the next had a port wine reduction and olives and the third had bacon bits, together they sang to my stomach with varying degrees of salty sweet and savory accents all to themselves.  Our third app was the crab cake sliders, not my favorite, and could have used some salt (note there was none on the table).  They were, however, nicely stuffed and mild in flavor with the tiniest of garnish, nothing to complain about, just not as flavorful as what I had hoped to get.Our waitress was attentive and unobtrusive.  I think she definitely knew the proper amount of interjection and suggestion.  She saw to my sponge-like bladder and brought what seemed like three bottles of chilled water to the table in our short stint at the restaurant.  The piano man crooned as we talked about our dreams and problems that were washed over with fanciful flavors and drown in the squeezings of some of the finest Napa vine fruit. I recommend Trulucks for its lighting, service and the desserts, I almost forgot!  We had a couple of their cupcakes, man, how awesome were those!  One carrot for me and a deep rich chocolate for my honey, they were awesome.  Go there, get the apps, have a bottle of wine, can't go wrong with that...
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,9/12/2011,421,256,25,19,22>If you don't love it, you don't swallow.Ok, so maybe that's not the case *all* the time. But most of the time, it was. I loved- truly madly deeply- loved 99.9998% of all that was the Chef's Tasting Course at Uchiko. And so I must profess my adoration to The Chef by what I imagine they were thinking as they conjured and crafted the excellence that my party was graced with for 2.5 hours:I'll be your dream, I'll be your wish I'll be your fantasy.I'll be your hope, I'll be your love be everything that you need.I love you more with every breath truly madly deeply do..I will be strong I will be faithful 'cause I'm counting on a new beginning.A reason for living. A deeper meaning. Yeah..I wanna stand with you on a mountain,I wanna bathe with you in the sea.I wanna lay like this forever,Until the sky falls down over me...And when the stars are shining brightly in the velvet sky,I'll make a wish send it to heaven then make you want to cry.. [I nearly did]The tears of joy for all the pleasure and the certainty.That we're surrounded by the comfort and protection of..The highest powers. In lonely hours. The tears devour you.. Words I don't knowCarrots that look like tentaclesA tiny tiny swordfish looking up from the plateNinjin Bacon with teensy gifts of pork bellyBut it doesn't matterBecause it's deliciousAnd just when you think you're done, that colors cannot become any brighter, that your gustatory senses cannot fathom another shade of perfection, that heaven itself cannot possibly be as good as this: you're gently told there's more coming. You can manage to stuff it in your mouth.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,9/11/2011,724,628,10,23,21>Two words: Osso Buco.OK, not real osso buco; Braise's version is made with Niman Ranch beef rather than the traditional veal, but the fact remains that Braise's osso buco is one of the best pieces of meat I've had in my mouth in recent memory.But I'm getting ahead of myself.Located in a rather unlikely building in a rather unlikely spot on East Sixth Street, Braise is the middle child in the Parind Vora trilogy. Simplicity Wine Bar occupies the lower tier, and Restaurant Jezebel, which was recently destroyed in a fire and whose fate is - at least to me - unknown, occupies the upper end. For this Goldilocks (or would that be Ebonylocks?), Braise was the porridge that was juuuust right. Comfortable, casual, and reasonably priced, but the food is high quality, interesting, and unapologetically holds its own on the deliciousness scale.I convened at Braise recently with a couple of girlfriends for a long overdue catching up. We started with an appetizer of chopped sea bass tartare, which was served over garlic croutons and accompanied by a beautifully-dressed mixed green salad that was tossed with slivers of purple onion and some kind of heavier mushroom - creminis, maybe? This was absolutely divine; I gobbled up my portion and kept nonchalantly checking the plate, hoping that more would magically appear there. Sadly, none did.All was not lost, though. For my entrée, I ordered a half portion of Braise's version of osso buco ($12.95; or $17.95 for a full portion) which, as mentioned previously, is made with beef and served over a bed of garlic mashed potatoes. The combination might sound a bit pedestrian, but the execution was anything but; the meat was so tender as to practically dissolve at the slightest touch of the teeth, and the garlic mashers made for a comforting accompaniment. I was so entranced by its fabulousness that I barely even heard my own repeated sighs of pleasure.For dessert, the three of us split an order of Braise's chocolate chip bread pudding a la mode. I found this to be a touch on the dense side, but it was certainly not objectionable, and despite its substantial size, we handily polished it off.Braise's website  bills its menu as "food for the soul as well as the belly." I think this tagline suits Braise just fine. Every component of my evening came together just perfectly - relaxed surroundings; wonderful food; excellent company. Having the option of ordering a half portion meant that I was pleasantly sated without being uncomfortable (despite having shared an appetizer and a dessert in addition to my entrée), and the fact that Braise doesn't yet have its liquor license meant that the bill verged on being ridiculously cheap - our total averaged $20 per person before gratuity, and that included the free glasses of wine that each of us received with our meals.I have a feeling that I'll be smiling over a plate of osso buco at Braise on a regular basis.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,9/10/2011,303,155,6,10,11>Since I have been going here for years I thought I would finally write a review. Tamale House is a no-nonsense kind of uber dive kind of place. Parking does kind of stink but I tend to park on the street next door to avoid the chaos. They have four tables outside and a line out the door. I usually send Adam F in to order and wait outside for one to clear up. The people that go to this joint is so mixed. You have got hippies, yuppies, homeless people, hipsters, people with a new Lexus or beat up truck. That kind of place. The tacos are super cheap and so are the platters. They have not change the prices since I have been in Austin for the last 23 years. You can get a two item taco for $.85 and each additional item is a quarter. The platters like the enchilada platter is under $4 and it comes with rice and beans. That is pretty amazing! It isn't the best tex-mex but is pretty good for the money. Sit back on their patio, grab a chronicle and enjoy some cheesy goodness.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,9/9/2011,485,555,20,14,19>My situation with cheese is interesting. I would express more profoundly my love for it if not for that whole thing with sweets. The sweets would get jealous and strike me with the diabetes, and I can't have that right now.So I'll tell you what: get the cheese plate at Brown Bar during happy hour. You should probably do it right now. It will be the best spent $10 you've encountered in a long time. You could waste 10 minutes asking the waiter what, specifically, comes on this plate. You could read the single, non-descriptive line "Cheese Plate" several times on the menu, recalling that time you want to Paggi House and got a cheese plate with portions the size of baby teeth. Consider ordering a beverage in the nerve-wracking interim. Your subconscious may vocalize this debate with nearby buddies who are too busy partaking of their own half-off apps and well-made beverages. Try the Flora Fizz martini. It's $5 during Wednesday's all-night happy hour. Note that it is good. Continue thinking about the cheese.Order the cheese I tell you.Come to an hour later, belly stuffed with bread, cheese, grapes, figs, dates, and the bread, cheese, grapes, figs and dates from your neighbors' plates. Do this, and don't tell your sugar addiction about it.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,9/8/2011,325,414,15,14,13>All I knew was that I was meeting some folks here. All I knew was the address. I didn't know it had such a tiny store front (yup, zipped right past it!). And didn't know it was Mexican AND Italian in the same place! Still not a hard decision for me--I could eat Mexican practically every day. I was lucky enough to have two hot dates this night. Two of us got Mexican, one got Italian. We passed those superficial boundaries quickly and tasted a bit of each others' food. All delicious. I had the al pastor, and frankly think I had the best meal. But whatever, that grandmother's special and lasagna sure was delicious. I think we would have licked our plates if we weren't so Klassy.We ended with flan and I think we almost stabbed our waitress with our spoons when she wanted to take it away when there was still, like, four bites left. Shudder the thought!If I'm up in this hood again, I'll definitely come here. I just don't know if I'll stick with what I know (that al pastor was go-od) or branch out. Now that's the tough decision.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,9/7/2011,150,193,13,11,12>Mr. Smidgens was trekking up North at REI when he heard a rumble. Uh oh! Was that thunder? Is the roof about to be ripped off by a Texas twister? Nah! It was just Mr. Smidgens's belly, aching for some grub. After jumping in my ride I drove around the lot looking for...wait a naan tearing minute! It was as if the Smidgens mobile was on a magic carpet and we were going for a ride into Tikka Masala heaven!Yes it's Clay Pit's little bro and yes it's Americanized Indian but I have to tell you they really did have me at hello. As I literally flew through the door due to the 40mph gusts of wind in the area I was immediately greeted with smiles and hellos from 4 different women. Did I stumble upon a harem? Nah, just some friendly ladies who were eager to please. As I swaggered on over to the counter I soaked in the atmosphere which reminded me of Pei Wei. I ordered the Tikka Masala medium hot with the plain naan. I had the choice of the Garlic naan but I decided to stay traditional. Plus I work in close quarters with myself so I did not want to breathe out garlic for the rest of the day. Thanks! You're welcome. As I was handed number 72 I waited while the two guys in the back worked like a finely tuned Tatar Motors car driving the streets of Calcutta. The young lady who took my order brought out my to go sack with a smile. Once I arrived back in my office I opened up the finely packed cuisine. The chicken tikka masala was large chunks of boneless white meat swimming in that ever sooooo creamy tomato curry sauce with fresh jalapeños no less! Makes my mouth water just typing this. The basmati rice was perfectly seasoned and just the right consistency. Can you mess up rice? Yes! Did Tarka! Nuh uh! Naan! Said like Captain Kirk in the Wrath of Kahn. NAAN! It was delicious! I kept thinking I was out but every time I took a piece there was more underneath! NAAN!My experience with the service and the fresh cuisine will keep me coming back for more. Now hop on your magic carpets and head on over to Tarka for a fresh, fast, and friendly experience!Why you ask? Because Mr. Smidgens told you to silly!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,9/6/2011,392,291,26,10,12>I choose my eye doctor just like everybody else. I mull through the ones who are covered by my company's insurance policy and I choose the most attractive one in hopes that after gazing into my eyes for about 30 minutes they will be hypnotized by the windows to my soul and choose to run away with me.Unfortunately, Dr. Richards is a lot more professional, ethical and married than that. So, I decided to cut my routine short and go ahead with the regular eye exam. Turns out my vision is near perfect, but after staring at a computer screen all day writing Yelp reviews my eyes get tired. When I try to read books later in the afternoon I can't get past 10 pages without my vision getting blurry and needing to rest. So I decided to get a pair of glasses to give my eyes a rest. The glasses I purchased look awesome and they have fixed my problem. I can now buzz through near 50 pages before my eyes flip out. In the past, I've gone to places that put enough junk in my eyes and poked and prodded them until I was tearing up so badly one would have thought I was tortured. Then, they would give me a pair of Blu-Blocker looking shades so I would look like someone's grandparents ala 1980-something. You don't have to go through that trouble here as they're using newfangled technology that takes photographs of your eyeballs. I didn't shed one tear my whole appointment.........Except when I left alone.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,9/5/2011,461,645,15,24,20>What do you get when you cross a sushi restaurant with a diner? Rolls named after Elvis and perhaps some mashed potatoes on your plate is what!I attended a pre opening event at Roll on Sushi Diner and was blown away by the menu, concept and dining experience.  The seating, tables, menu is all set up like a diner with chefs moving around busily preparing food. Our waiter Logan, which he noted that he was the only male waiter at Roll On, was on top of things as he served us a tasting of 8 menu items. The starters were the Goin' Nuts and a Spicy Tunalicious Salad. Goin' Nuts is an addicting snack mix of gold fish, wasabi peas & red hot candied peanuts.  The Salad was served up in a small martini shaped glass and filled with two types of fresh cabbage, avocado, onions with a delicious Thai vinaigrette. The salad's ingredients perfectly complimented each other and the fish was a beautiful red sushi grade tuna.Roll On Sushi serves both your traditional rolls and "Austin" fusion rolls. The three traditional rolls I tried were the California, Philly Roll and the Guaca-rolly.  Both the California and the Philly were great but the stand out was the Guaca-rolly. The Guaca-rolly had tempura shrimp on the inside with a zesty guacamole and flavorful spicy tuna on top with a bit of spicy mayo drizzled on the side.  I don't do to well with tempura, however the chefs prepare the shrimp light on the tempura, not overpowering the roll.The two fusion rolls I tried were the Cholesta Roll and The Hippie.  The Cholesta roll is southern comfort food at it's best.  Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes rolled up, sprinkled with chives and placed in creamy gravy. The gravy was so thick and creamy, the steak tender and the mashed potatoes slightly oozing out the side and tasted like Grams used to make. The Hippie is a nice vegetarian option and more interesting that the regular old cucumber roll. The Hippie roll consists of cucumber, avocado, sprouts, shisho, rice and a few other other veggie ingredients. Dessert was Amy's Mexican vanilla, tempura fried, with a strawberry sauce and balsamic reduction. It was 2 minutes of bliss (how long it took to devour it), shoving my spoon into the tempura shell, scooping out the ice cream and dipping in the sauce.  This dish has me thinking skinny is overrated, give me mo' dessert!The menu prices were not listed but the owner's intend for the prices to be reasonable.  The plate color next to the menu item will indicate the prices.  The restaurant is inside the AMLI building and there is a free parking.I can't wait to go back after they roll out the entire menu. First on my list, the Elvis roll themed after his favorite sandwich.(Note: The grand opening is August 18th)
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/4/2011,255,164,9,14,11>Their sign outside now says, "..The Largest Arcade In Texas".I believe it.  I think everyone can agree, the place is huge.So many things to like about Pinballz:-It's BYOB. (Awesome! Why didn't someone think of this sooner!)-Lots of old school arcade games from the 80's, in addition to new ones.-Helpful staff. I've never been given any guff for telling them a machine ate my quarter. They fix it or reimburse you on the spot.-Conveniently located, if you live North, with ample parking.-You can rent a room, so that you can bring in your own food and drinks.-Little coozie stands next to machines so you don't kick your beer over.-Most games are for sale, in case you want to turn your man-cave into a mini-Pinballz.-Two air hockey tables! -The original Gauntlet!Helpful tip: If you play Galaga, don't play the stand-up machine. The fire button doesn't work as well as the button on the "cocktail" style game.My only complaint is the temperature. It gets so damn hot in there! (maybe because I'm always drinking there?) Dress appropriately.Pinballz management, if you're reading this, please install a "Gorf" machine. It was my favorite game from the 80's arcade days.. Or the original "Dragon's Lair" would be cool too. Thanks!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,9/3/2011,160,162,8,11,10>Sure the parking lot is atrocious. However, La Mexicana Bakery's absolutely divine pan de huevo will always make up for it. Flaky, rich, delicious, and covered with a powdered sugar topping, these absolutely delicious pan dulces make me come back time and time again.And the place is open 24 hours. And the pan dulces are super cheap. ($4 for 7).And you can go and practice your Spanish. The joys that entail living in a border state.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,9/2/2011,739,709,34,31,30>The Brixton has a lot of cool things going on that are not obviously apparent from the rundown exterior.  In fact they're not readily evident upon walking in either.  It's a rather spartan, non-descript bar, but the first cool thing we noticed upon entering after having just left the Din of Takoba, was the dark and the quiet.  We all three immediately said "Ahhhhh".  Takoba's bar is loud enough to make your ears bleed. This place encourages conversation.The next cool thing you might notice is the the bartendress.  Sure, she looks all cute in her pink vintage dress, with her pixie hair pushed back with a headband on which a sparrow is perched, but she's ain't all that innocent.  I watched her make my drink and it was all vodka with a skosh of tonic and suddenly it was like looking into a mirror and I felt at home.  Drinkers, come here.Very soon after that drink, you'll notice the bathrooms.  They are tiny but clean and have some interesting graffiti to read.  My fave was "If your Uncle Jack helped you off an elephant, would you help your Uncle Jack off an elephant??"  I carried that piece of Confucious with me all nite.  The next thing you might notice is the TV's over the bar.  Last nite my pixie bartendress chose the perfect little gem of a documentary for me (it's like she KNOWS me) entitled "Heavy Metal Parking Lot" ( hulu.com/watch/114794/he).   I had to leave my booth and my hubby and my grrl to go sit at the bar next to a man twice my size and half my age to watch it.  "That's my gggggeneration!" I squealed and we laughed our asses off at the squinty eyed, feathered haired, cut off shirtted stoners and their slut girlfriends. It was like looking through my high school yearbook (and now I've dated myself).The other cool thing you'll notice about the Brixton is the jukebox.  However, there's no Priest on there.  In fact not much I recognized at all, mostly punk I would say and as the dude on the documentary sed "That punk shit belongs on Mars, man.  And Madonna is a dick!"  Words of wisdom indeed.  I found about 6 bands I recognized on the juke, AC/DC, Petty, Bowie, Merle Haggard, Marvin Gaye, and the Chi-lites.  Again, I probably just dated myself.  sigh.  There's also the cool art on the wall.  The Butcher from "Gangs of New York" smiled benevolently down on our booth all nite.  And there's a foosball table, if you can pry it away from the Lesbian Contingency.  All these little elements combine to make the Brixton a great little dive bar.  Add HH pricing til 9 and I think they've got a new alcoholic fan.  BTW, ask the cute pixie what the HH specials are and you'll get "Everything's cheaper."  Again, mirror.  Hello sarcastic me.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,9/1/2011,214,72,18,15,18>Lost your job? Go to Gourdough's.Lost your spouse? Go to Gourdough's.Lost your will to live? Go to Gourdough's.Point of story, there's no problem these massive mounds of deep fried deliciousness can't manhandle for at least a moment.The first ailment that brought me to my most beloved trailer in Austin was anxiety. After packing up my entire life and moving to this eclectic city for the sake of new job, I was in need of some serious reassurance. I found it in the form of their PB&J doughnut. While removing excess peanut butter from my gums like Mr. Ed, I became certain I had made the right decision. And if doubt resurfaced, I could just go back to Gourdough's.The second sickness was nervousness. I was hanging with my first new Austin friend and conversation was beginning to dwindle. That's when I interjected, "Hey! Have you ever heard of Gourdough's?" Being an Austin resident for several years, she looked at me as if I were mentally impaired. The chatter was nonstop throughout the course of our Flying Pig, Sara's Joy and some adult beverages we purchased from the gas station across the street.My final illness was a crippling case of homesickness. I didn't know how I was going to fill the void left by leaving the southeast for going on 4 months, but I figured Gourdough's had the caloric content to partially patch the hole. The Puddin' seemed like the logical choice until I saw the special board. I forget the actual name of the featured doughnut, but I'm just going to dub it "Home Away From Home." It was a bizarre combination of pulled pork, sweet slaw and BBQ sauce towering atop their delectable dough. Each bite was like a warm embrace from my mom, dad and brother. Next time you feel any emotional or physical pain, skip the pharmacy and head to this confectionary Airstream. After all, life is too short not to shorten it more with heavenly unhealthy food.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,8/31/2011,162,97,17,13,14>Am I being seduced by an exotic Italian woman who is going to sweep me off my feet and carry me into the sunset where we would make sweet love and settle down to a little white house with a picket fence?No?Then clearly I am fantasizing about all kinds of Italian erotica while eating the best damn Italian food in Austin.Screw Mandolas and their mediocre Mexican sous chefs (I am disappointed they don't live up to the good cook stereotype).Screw Enoteca and their overpriced sandwiches though decadent dessertsScrew Asti, Taverna, and all the rest of them.If you want to get some amazing seafood stew, lavish garlic and goat cheese bread, perfectly light and fluffy tiramisu, and other dishes that will put you into an immediate state of panic upon entering your mouth because you wont be eating all day tomorrow, look no further.My offerings for the night included Capesante dello Chef (scallops with brandy), Melenzane (baked eggplant), Insalata Innamorata (salad of berries), Caciucco (seafood stew), and of course tiramisu.Everything was spectacular, with the only low point of the evening occuring when the meal was over.I would likely sling dope on 2222 and Lamar 5 days a week if it meant I could come back to this establishment and have relations with their cheese bread and seafood stew at a moments whim.Clearly I love my heritage enough to pack up all my crap and jet set on the first flight out to Sicily. Worse case scenario, I met a gorgeous Italian girl who loves to cook, start my Ernest Hemingway lifestyle a bit earlier than anticipated, and have about 4 girls and one boy......Booking a flightGabriel
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,8/30/2011,476,262,18,25,28>Some days I find myself walking on South Congress wishing I had a hot, tasty sandwich but I am not in the mood for Thundercloud, Perla's, pizza or Mexican food.  Where is the middle ground?  Perhaps in magical midair is what I have now decided.  Stopped in this past weekend and split a Sleek Vegetarian and fries with a friend.  Here is some TOP SECRET information that you need to know... 1.  Special New Featured Chef Series:  Owners LOVE Moroccan food and love what they are doing and it is so obvious.  They invite a guest (blogger, foodie or chef) to cook up their interpretation of a Moroccan Dish every First Thursday.  These events have become so popular that they actually rent additional chairs for the evening.2. NEXT Guest Chef:  March 3 Danielle Musick of The Saucy Tart which focuses on Sweet and Savory Vegan and Vegetarian Pies.  She will serve up her idea of a Moroccan Vegan/Vegetarian meal so if you love creativity in the kitchen and you consider yourself a sweet and savory tart, come out.3. Special "Off Menu" Sandwich:  Apparently the Big Abdu is being ordered in hushed tones by people who like interesting sandwiches and perfect french fries? I find it to be very tasty, reasonably priced, protein filled sandwich and it is always served with a smile.  Somewhere between the falafel, egg, eggplant, burger, l'afrique sauce AND fries you will say, AHHHH, thank you Kimberly, thank you.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,8/29/2011,989,456,21,19,22>My future sister-in-law asked me recently if there were any restaurants I wanted to try for Father's Day. Without hesitation, I said emphatically I wanted Quality Seafood. She nodded and suggested Perla's. I insisted again: "No, I want Quality Seafood." She didn't really respond. Finally, the confusion came to an end when Mom said that "Quality Seafood" actually *was* the name of the restaurant, and not an adjective. No wonder I got a blank stare when I kept repeating: "I want Quality Seafood, damn it.".  I'm glad that was cleared up. We went the Saturday before Father's Day (just Mom, Dad, and me), as the restaurant isn't open on Sundays. And I wasn't about to miss Lobster Fest Saturdays when live Maine lobsters are flown in Saturday mornings and boiled to-order for only $19.99. Not on your life.Before proceeding, I'd like to mention that my mom wore an adorable Lilly Pulitzer dress with a bright, summery print... decorated with subtle crab and lobster designs because we came out to eat seafood. ...I am my mother's son...We were a little confused when we first walked in. We weren't sure if we waited to get seated, or where we were supposed to place our order. A rather brusque gentleman asked if we'd been there before, and upon hearing "no", said that we could sit at the table by the door if we insisted on waiter service. No thanks...who the hell would want to sit there? We get it...if it's a wait-in-line-and-order-your-own-food kind of joint, that's great--just send us in the right direction and we'll take it from there. I did not and would not ever want to sit at the bar, as it looked like both the bar and the patrons had been excised from a lake party at Carlos 'N Charlie's and plopped in the middle of a seafood restaurant. That's way too many non-ironic Hawaiian shirts packed into a tiny space.The menu is a seafood lover's dream. Naturally, I went for my boiled lobster with drawn butter. Dad chose the Seafood Plate (2 cod or catfish, 2 scallops, and 2 shrimp). An order of clam strips and the applewood bacon-wrapped scallops rounded out the order. I know my eyes were bigger than my stomach, as I seriously debated adding the New England clam chowder, the shrimp diablo, or even a dozen of the Gulf oysters, but decided that was for next time.Clam strips: not bad, especially with a dab or two of the jalapeno tartar sauce. Damn, I wish I lived in New England. The scallops were amazing; well cooked and flavored beautifully with the bacon. If you had a gun to your head and could order only one appetizer, I'd say go with the scallops.The waitress brought our entrees, and my lobster looked absolutely delicious, and easily at least 1 1/2 lbs. It comes with instructions on how to reach the meat (and I've cracked a lobster before), but I wasn't in the mood to do it this time. I asked the waitress if someone could crack it for me, and she informed me that "the two people who know how to crack it are out today, sorry." Huh? I said to take it and have someone crack it the best they can. I wasn't buying the story that absolutely no one in an entire seafood restaurant wouldn't know how to perform this task. She came back with it, cracked perfectly and ready to go. Much better.The lobster meat was fresh and succulent, with an especially meaty tail. Memories of Boston bounced in my head as I finished off the carefully dissected claws and even sucked out the meat from a leg or two. Good Lord, I love lobster. Mom and Dad asked me what the green jelly in the body cavity was, and I was able to give them a lesson on lobster tomalley, and its place in gastronomy as either a cherished New England delicacy, or a dangerous harbinger of sea toxins that prompted the FDA to give it a dubious warning. They said it looked gross, and I tend to agree. Everything on Dad's plate was fried, except for the one side of broccoli Mom convinced him to order. I tried a fried scallop and was almost burned by the juices inside. Watch out for those. He told me everything tasted alright. I wish he had chosen the lobster since it was the specialty of the day, but he never was a lobster fan. So be it.The waitress came by, and after quite astutely complimenting Mom's dress, asked me if my lobster was everything it was "cracked up to be". Har, har...but that really was a cute turn of phrase.We weren't leaving without exploring the market side of Quality Seafood. Mom was impressed with the cuts of fresh fish, and Dad noticed there were a lot of grilling options such as shrimp-stuffed quail, the bacon-wrapped scallops we just enjoyed, or even pig and alligator sausage. We bought a pound of the smoked nova lox (wonderful, by the way, I just had some for breakfast), and I even was able to buy a much coveted tub of fresh salmon spread like Jen L. would have for me in Boston. Oh, Quality Seafood... you had me at "Lobster Fest". Then kept me, with "North Atlantic salmon spread".4 Stars.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/28/2011,4221,482,11,17,16>July 4th weekend, and that means time for something new, so I left it up to my friend J-Saucey to pick a new place for breakfast.  He suggested Joe's Bakery & Coffee Shop.  I've never been to or heard of, but the Yelp reviews looked great.  If I could summarize my experience here I'd say Joe's makes the best damn refried beans I've ever had.  Yeah, that's right, refried beans-beans-good-for-your-heart-the-more-you-eat-­the-more-you-fart!  Trust me, that's a minor price to pay for these tasty carbs.      Refried beans are to Mexican cuisine as white rice is to Japanese (and Chinese) cuisine.  It's a staple, it's always there on the side, plentiful, and so dependable.  Based on my experiences all refried beans generally taste the same, quite bland and boring, so I rarely ever get excited about them (who does?).  They also end up weighing you down afterwards, which usually translates to an extra notch on your belt, more pressure on your car's suspension, a bigger dent in the couch, and eventually more quality time spent on the Porcelain Time Squatter (PTS).  Yeah, it's like you need to makes sure you have a Sunday Paper every time you come home from eating refried beans.    The refried beans @ Joe's Bakery are really frickin' tasty, there's something in them that adds an extra wow-factor.  I'm brainstorming here:  is it lard or pork fat?  I dunno, but whatever it is it elevates them to a whole new time-squatting level - - you will likely need a Sunday paper every day of the week.  J-Saucey also said this is his go-to place for Menudo, the 3 of us ordered Migas w/ everything, egg + chorizo tacos, and Huevos Rancheros.  Menudo?  Well, I'm a virgin when it comes to that dish, so J-Saucey let me sample his.  Allow me to sum up my first Menudo experience in the words of boxer Roberto Duran:  "No Mas.....No Mas".  It's just not my cup of tea, although I am glad to have experienced it and I'm happy that he devoured it.  The ambiance is quite colorful and bright here w/ plenty of lighting.  The tables are close together but the booths are spaced out.  Our orders came rather quickly, the chips were very good quality, the salsa was green and very spicy and yet flavorful.  My Migas were good but not the best I've ever had, too many chips and carbs as I prefer more eggs and veggies.  The breakfast tacos are huge here, they don't skimp on those.  I really like this place, service was great, people were friendly and nice.  I'm going to put them on my "Must Do List" for Austin visitors.  Very close to 5 stars - had the Migas rocked it would have made it but I'll keep them at a high 4 for now, although a revisit is already in the works.  I just purchased weekly Sunday Paper delivery from the Austin American Statesman.  YEEE HAW!!!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,8/27/2011,766,303,21,22,17>Here's the scoop:Straight up the most modern, cutting edge dentistry, period.  Straight up a nice, relaxing environment.  Straight up beyond competent and totally talented dentists; Dr D'Abadie is very comforting and gentle.  Even the dental assistants are as sweet as cotton candy!However, I am a bit bothered by the way they handle insurance/payment.  Even if you tell them exactly what your insurance covers and does not cover - and it is obviously verifiable, they still make you pay upfront based on some "average insurance coverage" formula, and then ADC reimburses you after they get paid from the insurance.  I get the concept, just seems a bit off putting since most health care professionals do not handle insurance this way (and I am also fortunate enough to have outstanding dental coverage).  Additionally, on more than one occasion I have had to call several times to finally get my reimbursement sent to me.And I just have to say this, no matter how trivial it may be.  I am weirded out by the bibles in the waiting area.  I'm all for reading the Word if that's your deal but it's not some people's deal, especially in a dental office.  It's not an attractive vibe when you appear to be using religion (any religion) as some safety security lure for those onlookers.  I really don't think the holy baby Jesus is going to talk to me while I'm gettin' my toof did anyway.  Just sayin'.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,8/26/2011,522,1205,9,17,13>Gnarly Gar is the new floating restaurant/store/fuel dock on the North Shore of Lake Travis that was previously The Pier On Lake Travis that used to be Shades.... in the new incarnation they are still kid friendly with live music on the weekends... But the HOUSE RULES say "All unattended children will be given a double espresso and a free puppy to take home" LOVE that warning!!! The kids in our family loved feeding the fish while the adults enjoyed frozen adult beverages. Mine was adult free as in no alcohol and the kids also loved my Strawberry Banana Ice Cream Smoothie so much we ordered 2 more for the kids to share. The Peel and Eat Shrimp was paired with an awesome homemade cocktail sauce and the grilled Tilapia tacos were a "light" option to the rest of the menu and the usual typical lake bar menu. Gnarly Gar is our new Go To spot for food on the lake!!!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/25/2011,117,121,10,12,13>I really like the Ginger Man.  This may have something to do with me going there for my  first ROTD event and meeting a bunch of very nice people, but I still like it just the same.Three years ago, I was the biggest hop-head in the world.  The bigger and stronger the IPA, the better.   My how things have changed.  I've gone from drinking Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA's to drinking Miller Lites.  It was like I woke up one morning and developed debilitating hangovers every time I touched a big beer.  My fault, not theirs.If YOU are a fan of beers and a huge assortment of them, this is your downtown destination.  I think they currently have around 85 taps in rotation and they have everything...from barley wines to lagers.  Pick your poison, they have it.The bar itself is gorgeous.  Dark inside with nice wood and metal work, comfy bar seats and all types of couches, chairs, and benches for you to sit on inside.  We sat outside for our ROTD meet up and the deck was very pleasant with sturdy wood tables and nice benches.  They host trivia there on Wednesday night and seems like they have a pretty good crew show up for that.The staff is very nice.  Upon entrance, I started small talking a bartender and asking for a recommendation.  Instead of being talked to like a person who knew nothing, they were happy to help me find a beer to suit my palate and my hangover tendencies and also threw a joke in at the end.  Very nice staff and I appreciated their help. (Try the St. Arnold's Fancy Lawnmower)I will come here in the future if I am going to the W for a taping or am with some of my beer snob friends.  There is a nice patio where you can smoke and the clientele and servers are as friendly as can be.  The tabs are straight, the service is quick, and most importantly they fill their niche very well.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,8/24/2011,94,126,19,16,13>Me: "This is nice." Barkeep " First time in?" Me: "Yeah, heard good things and finally got a chance to come in." Barkeep: " Just to let you know, we serve NOTHING from Busch, Miller, or Coors." Me: "Thank God for you, sir." You've got to love a pub with a strict "No Weasel Piss" policy. The tap line is impressive with it's mix of both local and national craft beers. They even have Stone Brewing's Double Bastard Ale on tap. Imagine Arrogant Bastard doubled in strength and there you have it. I only had a taste (as I was on the bike and this stuff is around 12% ABV) and it was mahvelous. I'm having a full one if I can find someone else to drive. Chow wise I had the grilled club sammich and chips which was really good. I'll definitely make this one of regular stops, not too many places like this up here in the Northern Wastes.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,8/23/2011,83,60,35,17,22>If Jesus knocked on my door and asked me to take him out to eat, we would high-tail it to Franklin BBQ.If I was confined to only one eatery that served red meat until the end of my days, I would pray that eatery was Franklin BBQ.If I ever find myself brokering a touch-and-go deal between two rival international business moguls, I will take them to negotiate over plates of Franklin BBQ. If I had a choice between eating Franklin BBQ and having incredible sex just one more time before I perished . . . it would be a really, really tough effing call.I arrived at 9:30 AM today (Saturday); there were about 40 people in front of me. I walked out with BBQ in hand at noon - but I kid you not, I would have waited twice as long. I ordered the Tipsy Texan, a chopped beef and sausage sandwich, and some brisket on the side. When I took the first bite of my sandwich, I moaned. Audibly. When I took the first bite of my brisket - well, let's just say it would be inappropriate for me to discuss what happened then in a public forum. There are three types of BBQ sauce (espresso, something vinegar/hickory/smoky, and spicy) all of which were delicious, but I barely used any of them on the meat itself. It was just too perfect. The brisket came apart in my fingers (yes, I ate some of it with my hands. What?). There are sides, too (beans, slaw, potato salad), but really, who needs to eat any of those? Several different types of pie were also advertised, including a bourbon banana one that I would love to try eventually.Books, chairs, and coolers for the wait are all welcome. Negative Nancys and Impatient Irenes, get over yourselves. Honestly.Also, was that you behind the counter, Mr. Franklin? I expected you to be an enormous good ol' boy, but, uh, you are a young superfox. Call me, and I promise I will only half-use you for your BBQ.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,8/22/2011,704,840,27,23,20>Dear Old School Grill,I have a confession to make.  I love you.  Not just a little bit but with a mad, crazy, white hot passion for everything you cook, fry, create and serve. Your Sirloin Steak Burgers are the tenderest I've ever eaten.  I added the sharp cheddar cheese, grilled onions and jalapenos to mine.  Sweet baby Jesus that was good!  And the fries.  Oh, the fries.  Such delicious sticks of pleasure.  They are perfectly crispy and exquisitely salty.  And, Old School Grill, I have another confession.  I broke my gluten free diet today and ate a bite of your Mac and Cheese wedge.  Okay, I had more than a bite. I almost put my face in this heavenly concoction.  I don't know if it was the immediate "high" I got from the tender macaroni noodles or the (gasp) five secret cheeses layered throughout the wedge.  Or, it could have been that creamy garlic cheese sauce you pour on top.  Now that you know I'm in love with you, I hope you are not too disappointed that I had no room for dessert.  What with that delicious malt cake with chocolate frosting and special caramel topping.  I nearly lost my mind.  And the temptation of the buttermilk pie and raspberry cobbler!  Well, it was almost too much to bear.  I realize our relationship is brand new, but I promise you, I will be back.  Trust me on this.Love and kisses,Christine A.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,8/21/2011,315,273,8,16,15>I LOVE ISAAC!!!!  He did my tattoo a week ago.  I wanted a simple tattoo, just a word and few small birds surrounding it on my inner left wrist.  Isaac had it done perfectly and I was out the door before I knew it.The place is inviting and not what I expected a tattoo establishment to look like.  I guess I would say it's more upscale in looks.  While I waited my friend and I watched a bit of "Terminator II" on their flatscreen.  It actually put me even more in the mood for a tattoo. :)I will definitely be back when I figure out what I want to over up another tattoo of mine.Ohhh, the owner of Sailor's Grave was also awesome.  I had initially emailed them and he was quick with his responses and wanted to make sure everything had gone well.  It did!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,8/20/2011,379,403,15,21,21>I find that sleeping in is a lot tougher the older you get. Luckily, after awaking promptly at 6:37AM on a Saturday morning, I laid around for awhile before contacting a friend who had been wanting to try this place with me for quite some time. Let me tell you, this place was not entirely easy to find. And this is coming from someone who claims to know north Austin like the back of her hand (ahem, me!). I won't even bother trying to explain how we found it, because its just too darn confusing. Just think, old strip mall mixed in between a Latin hair salon & the Concordia building.The owner/manager/cook/waiter was the only guy there. He was one of the nicest people who works/runs his own restaurant I have ever come into contact with. I am going to take a wild guess that he is a pastor. He told us to go ahead and help ourselves to the breakfast buffet and that he would be making more entrees shortly once it was 10AM, for more brunch-able options. Now to be completely honest, we were the only patrons here the entire time we were there. When things like this happen at businesses I go to, I do not think anything negative whatsoever. This is a small gem that people are unaware of or ignorant to something as great as this small business. More like a diamond in the rough. And I just happened to have the pleasure of dining here. We were treated with such hospitality that I am for sure to be back for the lunch buffet. It seriously felt like we were visiting an old friend. Breakfast was simple and plentiful. Biscuits & gravy, eggs cooked to perfection, the yummiest hash browns I've ever tasted, sausage, chicken, FRIED ham. The ham was so delicious! I can't even begin to describe it, and I don't normally fit fried things into my everyday life. Best southern hospitality ever. The name is so fitting. From 8-11am the breakfast buffet is $8.99. I only wish I could have eaten more! At one point he asked us what else we would like to eat. He said he could make us some wings, fried chicken, fried catfish. I was a bit thrown off and said, "Catfish, for breakfast? Well that would be a first." We went with the fried catfish and it was perrrrfect. Just a taste of the greatness of their lunch no doubt. Errol said it best, "How can you not love this place?" If you enjoy home cooking by local, sweet people who actually enjoy what they do, then you must get yourself over here. Whatever you do, try and control yourself from making 3 trips! It makes you just want to go to sleep afterward =)
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/19/2011,288,258,15,15,17>I heart Yelp and the Yelp app.  Here's why:One day, as I was leaving work and heading to the bf's, I decided that I was deserving of a pedicure after a very long trying day.  I had broken up with my regular place and my second fave was way down south.  What to do?Hit the Yelp app button on my phone, type in pedicure, hit menu, filter/sort, I went by distance this time and discovered LV nails was less than a mile away.  (I was at a red, not really driving, I'm working on this bad habit, okay!)That first pedicure was everything my beat down self could have asked for that day and more.  At this time I'm going to be stingy and keep the name of the most magical pedicurist in Austin a secret.  I can't have her busy with your toes should I need her!  Last time I tried scheduling an appointment with her something went wrong and we weren't able to connect.  Yesterday, scheduling went as planned, so we were reunited and my toes feel so good.They have an incredible color selection, no stinky chemical smell, and they even offer $5 off any $25 service on your first check-in!  They've earned a fan for life. (note: be nice to me and I just may reveal magic hands' name.)
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,8/18/2011,495,689,20,31,27>Sometimes, you have to take a step back and marvel at Austin's evolving culinary landscape. But as you lose yourself in the wafting scent of exotic new cuisine, remember to dance occasionally with the compost that brought you. It's all about "wit" and "wit-out" here: It's messy, it's gooey, and you won't confuse it with any delicate Bánh Mì blossom. But sometimes, it can be fun to crank up "Eye of the Tiger" full blast on your way back up Mopac. **************************************************­*************** (Some less literary observations: Way South Philly is open on Mondays. It's best to follow their schedule on Twitter. They have a version of breakfast. They have Mexican Coke. Willy is an engaging guy. And when this private shaded park on 15th and Rio Grande is completed, this place -  alongside Osmo's - is going to be a real knockout combination and probably the next trending spot for "go-to" trailer fare.Update - June 2011 - It appears WSP has moved to its new location at E 6th St. and Waller, next to Cheer Up Charlie's, alongside some great neighbors like Iggi's Texatarian, Me So Hungry, & Lucky J's.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,8/17/2011,79,81,46,16,12>I'm a dude, writing a review of a store for ladies.  I can totally do this.  Because dudes should know that this place is great for buying gifts.  Picture frames, stupid things with words on them, candles, whatever.  It seriously saves time.  And there are attractive females to help.  I like to test them; e.g., "My friend recently gained twenty pounds and is still single.  What should I get her?""Sunglasses, and anything black."Seriously, fucking sages.  Word.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/16/2011,338,290,10,10,9>I went to Skinny's Ballroom tonight with a couple co-workers for their monthly Ukulele Night. I have been here a couple other times for other shows, but this was really cool. I thought it would just be a bunch of people playing their ukes, but it was actually like an interactive event. The hostess, Sweet Pea, had simple sheet music out for everyone and a sign-up sheet for the open-mic portion. The theme was Elvis and Sweet Pea took the stage to lead and instruct us on some of Elvis' top hits. One in our party actually had her uke and so we took turns playing it (or trying to play) and singing along. It was really fun: all different levels and ukes, everyone was really friendly, and now, I can almost play "Can't Help Falling In Love" on the ukulele. Rad! The second portion was open-mic. Sadly, after the fun of playing along and singing, just listening was not as compelling. We hung out a little while longer and talked to some other patrons who helped us with some chords and tuning. Sound at Skinny's is excellent of course, because it doubles as a recording studio, and it has an actual stage. There is a back patio area, too. Drinks are standard for downtown ($4 for Stella). Minus one star for not kicking out whoever funked up the whole place with their patchouli. Ew. Tip to applying the proper amount of patchouli: pick up patchouli, look at it, put it down, wash hands. Viola!  Otherwise, we had a great time.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,8/15/2011,199,468,8,10,9>Laura and Tiffany deserve one thousand stars!Seeing Tiffany is a virtue!This place has such talent you will not believe what kind of hair transformation you are in for!The right hair style and color can really be life changing.You really are worth it, so have no reservations, you will get what you are seeking when you come here.If you care about your hair and style at all, you will go here and it will be beyond successful.  What are you waiting for?This is a MUST TRY!If you had any doubts before, let them go.I wish all of you the best!   Put your best style forward now :)
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,8/14/2011,324,543,9,18,15>Learning is fun! We didn't mean to go here, but we ended up at the center anyway after a fun hike through the trails -- conveniently, just as I needed to take a bathroom break. The staff at the center was helpful and friendly (we were a bit lost, or we wouldn't have ended up here in the first place). The nature center is spacious and full of neat specimens, both fossils and more modern creatures' remains.The animals in outdoor cages are way cool rescues. They are birds (mostly ducks) and mammals -- coyote, bobcat, coati, raccoon, foxes and skunk! The small creatures center has birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish. It's definitely not an all-day trip -- we only spent about 20 minutes -- but it's worth a stop if you're nearby. Take it in mid-hike.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,8/12/2011,310,185,5,20,21>Perfect projection.  Perfect sound.  Perfect seating.If that was all that Violet Crown did, period, they would have succeeded in changing the way films are shown in Austin.  But add in intriguing film programming, reserved seating, amazingly comfy chairs, a full bar with tasty food and a snack bar and you've really got a theater.Free 4-hour validated parking was conveniently located underneath, with specific directions on the website (enter on San Antonio, between 2nd and 3rd) for no hassle if you can read.  I arrived about 40 minutes before showtime because I wanted to check the place out.The screening room hallway is a weirdly soothing futuristic high-tech looking space, in soft white and chrome, interesting but not too jarring.  I kept thinking of set of 2001 or Solaris.  Nice.  The bar is a bit more contemporary with wood stools, tables in two areas and interesting lighting accenting the stained concrete finishes.  It is spacious and comfy, and features a nice local draught beer selection.  I had some shrimp spring rolls and a beer, then brought a cheese plate in with me to the theater.  The spring rolls were large and a bit awkward to handle (you get three) but they were tasty as was the peanut sauce provided.  The cheese plate could have used either toasted bread rounds or crackers.  The bread provided was OK, just not crispy enough.The theaters are small, very steeply raked and feature high-backed chairs with great support and an extra deep seat pitch.  6 footers will have plenty of leg and knee room.  All seats are good, from a sightline and sound perspective.  (This is no Dobie) The front row features an upward tilted floor with big recliners for better viewing and includes wheelchair space and companion seating, a nice touch.   All seats are reserved, so if you are going with friends, buy your tickets at the same time.  Each seat has a pop up tray table on the side for your food or drink.The theater could be a bit darker (aisle lights are distracting if you are on the aisle), but the projected image is amazingly sharp and bright, and Klipsch speakers all over make for an immersive theater experience.   Also, I do love ordering from my seat as is the practice at Alamo, but that is not the case here.  Snacking or dining while viewing here takes a bit more advance planning and consideration of plate size versus tray table size at the seat.  I'd suggest eating in the bar, then bringing a light/small snack and a drink inside.(Side Note: I saw "In A Better World," HIGHLY recommended)Best $11 movie ticket I've bought in a long time.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,8/11/2011,89,252,4,8,6>All I have to say is three words. Green. Onion. Pancake. I've never experienced the wonder that is the savory pancake, and I'm so grateful I saved my first time for Mr. Chen. As others have noted, you cannot go to Chen's Noodle House if you are starving, in a hurry, or a fan of "fast" food, but if you're willing to wait, the green onion pancake will make it all better. (I would complain about the fact that our meal came out in entirely the reverse order I expected it to, but I was too busy slurping combination noodle soup to really mind. However, with only two people working and seemingly ev.ery.thing. cooked to order, I can't in good conscience complain that the service was slow. The service and food were fresh and careful and infinitely mindful of the high standards that Chen's insists on.)Please, virgins of the concept of the savory pancake: get thee to Chen's Noodle House and have thyself a green onion pancake, posthaste! Better yet, get two.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,8/10/2011,112,301,7,10,10>Why James Beardsley is our appliance repair professional of choice:1) He owns the business, answers his own phone and schedules his own appointments (for which he shows up on time).  In the rare event there is a change of plans, he will call ahead to let you know.2) He thoroughly checks your appliance to figure out what the problem is.  It will be an in-depth check, not some half-assed five-minute cursory lookover.3) He gives unbiased advice.  It will be very good advice, freely given.  Sometimes it can save you money, especially when he tells you that it will be cheaper to buy a new appliance instead of spending $$ to fix your existing one.4) He is jolly and pleasant.  If my own grandfather were to come fix things for me, that would pretty much describe Mr. Beardsley.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,8/9/2011,46,118,6,8,8>In the event of not being able to locate the pizza stand next door and our hunger levels rising exponentially, my friend and I decided to pop over to Phoenicia and see what they had to offer.We walk in and it's aisle after aisle of groceries. Ok... We make our way to the counter/cashier, take a look at the menu and...GYROS! Selection done. Service isn't as chipper as we'd hoped, but it'll do. We order and wait, quietly observing the interesting things they have on their shelves (If I ever need specific spices or Greek ingredients or European chocolate, I now know where to go.) and the people coming, going and conversing with the staff in what I'm guessing is Greek. Yay, gyros done! The only problem is there is no where to eat it and the only picnic table out front is already occupied with 2 men and we're pretty sure plopping in front of them would not be appreciated. We end up sneaking across the street and eating at the restaurant's picnic table, which I don't recommend doing because they will get angry. Oops.But the gyro was delicious. It may have had a bit too much sauce, but the meat, pita bread, and fresh lettuce and tomatoes are top notch and will probably make you wolf the gyro down in minutes. And if you are eating like an animal, I would say get your napkins ready because it's a messy one.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,8/8/2011,139,109,9,16,16>I completed (and passed) the Total Rider course this week.  It consisted of one night of classroom work (5:30-10:30PM) and two days of riding (in my case, Thursday & Friday 7AM-noon).  As others have said, the instructor, Scott Hardy (aka Uncle Mullet) was absolutely great.  Lots of jokes, stories, and pretty good impressions mixed with a strong emphasis on safe motorcycle operation.  There were 8 people in my riding classes (5 women and 3 men) and I have to say we were a fine group.  We ranged in age from young & cute to old & grizzled. It was us against the parking lot.  And we won.  There was no blood on the tracks. The content was mandated by the DMV, but Scott helped us get the most out of what could have been boring repetition.  In my world having fun AND learning a lot at the same time is a winning combination.  The fact that what we learned could save our lives when riding makes it even more of a winner.The only negative aspect of the course was out of Scott's control: it was hot.  Damn hot.  We could have gone to the surface of the sun to cool off.  Scott made sure we had plenty of breaks and kept hydrated, but it's August in Austin...it's just going to be hot.  If you can time taking this course in April or October, it'd be absolutely heavenly.  But, I just got my bike after not riding for  (ahem, cough 40) years and was eager to get licensed, insured and on the streets.If you get a motorcycle, take this class.  It'll make the world (or at least Austin streets) a better and safer place.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,8/7/2011,224,413,8,14,14>I was having a mid life crisis and Bazaar saved me. This past year I turned 45 an also quit smoking. Interpret that as my belly got a little bigger. For all of my 20's, 30's and 40's I have owned nothing but 2 piece suits. I even wore a two piece when I was pregnant, but lets face it a big pregnant belly is cuter than an I quit smoking and gained weight belly. So I needed a one piece and I needed it bad. In a rush I went to Academy and bought an ugly one. When my teenage son asked if it was a new suit and started laughing when we are out by the pool, I knew I had made a mistake. Then I remembered a friend of mine had bought a super cute retro suit here last year. I went in an headed straight towards the suits. I made a joke to the sales lady that it was time for a one piece. I picked out a cute pin up black with cherries suit. I have to say it looks great. I also got a really cute red dress that is sexy but not slutty here. Oh yeah and a pair of white sunglasses for $7.50. Then I had to hurry out before I bought anything else. I dealt with 3 different sales ladies here and they were all FABULOUS. I will be back when I need another suit or am looking for something cute and unique to wear. This place has it going on.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,8/6/2011,296,536,7,11,8>Sounds fancy, tastes great! The trailer is located across from Frank and Ten Oaks on Colorado. Hungry for some grub after some drinking across the street, we picked up the Le Parrain (fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, prociutto) and the Le Royal (turkey, ham, roast beef, and cornichons). The cornichons added great texture and acid to an otherwise common sandwich. Both sandwiches were on a toasted baguette with lettuce and served with a Dijon vinaigrette.The price stunned me a bit (~$10 per sandwich out of a trailer). However,  the sandwiches are foot longs and generously filled with high quality meats and cheeses. Get one to share. They taste great, but won't keep.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,8/5/2011,272,389,8,18,17>"Bar-B-Q (n): The fine art of cooking a cheap piece of meat, over low heat, for an extended period of time, thereby creating a culinary delight. See also: BBQ, Q, barbecue, barbeque."  ~Chris SchlesingerSmoky, tender, fatty, messy, happy...these are the words I will forever associate with Live Oak BBQ. This little meat shack on the east side offers up some of the best charred animal flesh I have had the pleasure of shoving down my gullet in quite some time. I'm a man, whom when presented with too many options, will......give up and walk away....or......give in and go all in.I'm pleased to say, I opted for the latter here. Basically, I order a quarter pound-ish of every offering. Once again, I find it best to go item by item.RIBS: tender, but not fall of the bone tender. Just how I like it. ( I like to work a little...or as one of my dining companions...initials DJ...stated, "I like to work the bone." Perfectly smoked and lightly seasoned. Yum.SAUSAGE: juicy, mild spice, flavorful, but not salty. snappy casing with a firm meaty texture. Awesome.BRISKET: lean. beautiful smoke ring. moist. tender. well seasoned, but not overly salted bark. Great.PORK STEAK: one of the highlights of my meal. great smoke ring. flavorful bark. moist. tender. perfect fat to meat ratio. Amazing.CHICKEN: THE highlight of my butcher paper plate. mild spice rub. moist, moist, moist. perfect smoky flavor throughout every bite. crispy wonderfully rendered skin. Crave worthy!This is some great BBQ! Every bite as good as the previous one. The owner and his assistant were extremely friendly and engaging. At the end of our meal, the owner graced us with a cut off the brisket that the kitchen typically keeps for themselves. He likened it to the cheek of a halibut. It's raw state finds it full of connective tissue and cartilage. After lengthy smoking, all that connective tissue breaks down into lovely gelatinous goodness. The treat was tender, juicy, and as good as any expensive cut of meat you could ever imagine.There are many choices for BBQ here in Austin and many of them are great. Most have stand out items that make them remarkable. Live Oak offers nothing but remarkable BBQ. I see good things in the future of this meat shack...
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,8/4/2011,154,152,8,10,9>Cool place, Dolce Vita takes on many roles throughout its day. Coffee, house, Gelato, bar..... Not sure exactly what to call it, but whatever it is its pretty cool. I met some awesome yelpers for some drinks and snacks on a Friday night. I tried the cinnamon Gelato and it was amazing, creamy and cinnamon it almost reminded me of a piece of cinnamon toast. The chocolate cake was okay but nothing to write home about. They have an interesting Martini list, I tried the Cadillac, it was okay but a little on the bitter side; the Cuban was much better, grand marnier maybe? This place is cute, its great for small groups, I noticed that they have board games you can play and there is a lot of outdoor seating. So yeah this place is cool by me, I may be back to try more Gelato, but not martinis.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,8/3/2011,172,220,6,16,8>We used Square Cow Moovers this March to move from our 2/2 apartment in the NW Hills to a 3/2 house in Cedar Park. We decided to do the hourly rate instead of the flat rate, which had me a little worried, but the guys were very professional, quick, and friendly. They didn't milk the clock at all.I called to get pricing and Wade was very helpful and courteous. I felt comfortabl with my decision to use them. We decided on a time, date and hourly rate and everything went as planned. The guys showed up on time, got down to business, and didn't break a thing. The guys were super helpful; they even gave us tips about our new neighborhood!Alex and Ivan did a great job. I took advantage of the Yelp special and got $25 off my total. I'm sure we'll be using them again the next time we move!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,8/1/2011,235,378,3,14,9>If you are craving a burger, a chicken dinner, a milkshake, or a bit of nostalgia, Top Notch is the place to go.   This joint hearkens back to the days before supersizing and inventive condiment combinations and relies instead on a basic charbroiled patty with a few standard variations of toppings to keep everyone happy.    Now, in perusing the reviews I see a lot of rumors going around about how it's been sold to another local burger chain and it's just not the same.  It was actually purchased by the people that own Galaxy and Zocolo and they haven't changed anything, including the staff.  If you don't like it, you don't like it, but it hasn't changed.This is what happened.  The family that started Top Notch in 1971 lost their husband/dad in 2004.  Sadly, in 2008 they lost their son, who had been running the place with his mom and sister.  After the son passed away, they closed very briefly.  They reopened due to popular demand and continued doing business.  Last year, the mom decided to retire.  Many Austinites were disappointed at the prospect of the iconic Top Notch closing, so Mrs. Stanish considered selling it.  She finally chose a buyer that she trusted to keep her business alive and thriving.  They have made great strides to not change things-keeping the same staff and not altering the recipes.  Actually, I think they take credit cards now, so I guess that is a change.  Personally, I'm happy to still have Top Notch around.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,7/31/2011,304,440,13,15,13>I love how I don't hesitate to spend a car payment on my dogs for food but I won't buy health insurance for myself. When I broke my foot I taped it and hobbled around for 8 weeks. When my little girl pup fractured her wrist I spent over $2,000 in vet bills. When I get sick I troll the Walgreen's isles looking for whatever is on sale and I refuse to go to the doctor. Clearly my priorities are straight! I was looking for a local, natural, customer friendly and convenient source for my dogs' food. After some serious googling and research I found SAD Dog. My dogs eat raw and all kinds of raw. I adjust how much and what based on how much they weigh and how hungry they are. When I contacted SAD dog I was looking for someone who could work with me and get a menu in place quickly! Alissa was on top of it! She quickly put a menu in place for me and it was no muss, no fuss. I work in customer service and I know most customers don't want to do the dirty details work, that's why they hired you in the first place! Alissa took care of all the dirty details. The best part is the convenience! Paypal invoice in my inbox, check. Free home delivery, check. Richard was on time and friendly even though we were probably his last delivery way off in the Antartica/Round Rock. Our meat was labeled and packaged, easy to read and obviously hand packaged. Richard told me which meats he had put together today!They offer delivery every two weeks in Round Rock. Alissa sent me their delivery dates and answered all of my questions right away. She was SO friendly, I am thrilled with SAD Dog! My youngest pup is going all Shark Week on the fridge... she can't wait until breakfast!If you read this and you decide to try SAD dog please mention that you heard about it from Katie T! Shameless poor college student plug :-)
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,7/30/2011,155,309,11,14,15>Hmmmm.....4 star or 5 stars....THAT is the question! In all fairness, if I were judging Olympic gymnastics, I'd go with 4 stars. This leaves room at the top of the podium for Uchi/Uchico, Mikado and Mushashino at the top of the sushi food chain here in Austin, IMHO.  But since this is not the Summer Olympics, and DK is not wearing leotards (not at least as far as I can tell), I am going with 5 stars - and here is why; - The delightful suprise of this place just being; Last time we were at El Caribe (which is next door) for Valentine's Day, 2010 - this place was a dark, dusty and shuttered Korean Market. NOW, it is re-done as a modest, budget-minded sushi bar (with maybe 6 seats at the bar, and 6 tables) and Asian Food Market. In my mind, this is the biggest comeback since Dara Torres! - This was the PER-FECT place for our family of four for a sushi dinner for Father's Day. It is casual (not dressy/stuffy) and easy going. No rush, no fuss. Grab a Kirin light out of the cooler = NICE!  The service was thoughtful, cheery, and - just like a Shaun White interview - the whole experience was just good FUN for everyone! - torched escolar sample was terriffic. They gave us enough for each of us to have 2 samples per person, and the torching gave it a slightly grilled flavor that was hotter than Shawn Johnson,- The best fish of the night was the Eel and the YellowTail due to the great taste and silky smoothness. I knew this was so when the wife and kids actually jousted chopsticks for the seconds! This sushi was an amazing duo  - not unlike Misty May Treanor and Kerry Walsh - that creamed the competition and still left us wanting more.- As if this was not good enough, towards the end of our meal, all the partons stood and gathered around the sushi bar and toasted with a complimentary 'saki-bomb' - including DK, the other sushi chef, and all the waitstaff!! For me, this was a bigger closer than Michael Phelps in the last leg of the Medley Relay. So for great sushi and just plain good fun in a nice local - DK Sushi deserves the Gold Medal!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,7/29/2011,199,518,5,12,8>Everitt specializes in all kinds of yoga but I'm reviewing his side business in Chakra Therapy. So what's a Chakra? Chakra is an energy center along your spine which gives you prana. Chakra Therapy helps heal inside and tries to free more energy in your system.You have to keep an open mind when it comes to chakra therapy. You enter his yoga room and you lay flat on your stomach on a massage table.  He puts Tibetan Bowls along certain areas of your spine which is believed where the chakras lay. He plays the bowls and it resonates a sound which vibrates inside your body. After you are done it feels real relaxing. It's almost like doing acupuncture. It's like you are relaxed to max. It feels that good. Just so you know Everitt teaches at Yoga Yoga and you will need to make an appointment with him to do Chakra Therapy.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,7/28/2011,90,138,22,15,11>I've been going to Shannon Wong for over 5 years. He's extremely good. I have a couple of eye conditions that he monitors that have a variety of treatment options. He's very up front about what the risks and costs are. He's consoled me to hold off on a specific procedure that might help my vision until he's sure it will help. He's extremely competent, explains everything very thoroughly and treats you like you're an intelligent participant in your own eye care. Additionally, he's just a nice guy. His nursing staff is also very competent and friendly. For example, during my last visit, I get "catgirl". She's a riot and of course, my favorite. During the pre-exam eye chart reading she's giving my a raft of shit about anything and everything. Typical. I get to one of the lines in the chart that starts:BIme: wow that's blurrycatgirl: just read what you think it isme: okTCHThat scores me a quick kick in the leg and a snarky comment about me wearing a pink striped shirt. I tell her I'm telling Dr. Wong and I'm going to get her fired. Catgirl smirks.On my way out, she says something about not talking to guys with pink shirts, I say "like I'd talk to you anyways" and she gives me a high 5. I'm sure she's really standard nice to the other patients and will treat you all really well.I highly recommend Dr. Shannon Wong.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,7/27/2011,168,138,6,8,8>I watched gleefully as the closed pie place (that I never reviewed because I never had a chance to eat there since it was always closed whenever I stopped by) transformed into Barley Swine.  I remember the night when I discovered that it was finally open.  The hubs and I were driving by one evening when I yelled "BARLEY SWINE!!!!" in the car to his surprise and dismay - he was driving after all.  I knew through the silent language couples have that he was thinking "WTF are you talking about" and quickly explained that I've been watching this place and we have to try it.  Period.  I immediately got online when we arrived home to find whatever info I could.  That's when I saw that it was from the same creator as Odd Duck and they had a NYE menu...  I called.  They were already booked.  I was mad - "How did everyone else already know about this place?!?! Why wasn't I informed of the NYE menu?!?! Arghhh!"  I was sad.  The hubs, the smart man that he is, suggested we just go and check it out. I was excited and had HIGH hopes.  The restaurant is small and it was incredibly busy.  We sat at the bar and ordered beers from a thoughtful drink menu.  We had already eaten dinner earlier, so we only ordered a couple of items: a stuffed pig foot special and sweetbreads (my favorite).  The pig foot was truly delicious AND included an egg with a runny yolk (my weakness).  However, my sweetbreads were disappointing.  They were plated as 4 or so large pieces.  We were only given forks and they were difficult to cut.  The first sweetbread was fine - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside and well seasoned.  Unfortunately, the remaining sweetbreads weren't the same.  They were tough and the largest piece wasn't trimmed well - there was a huge vein, or something like it, running through the entire sweetbread that made it chewy and almost inedible.  Overall the flavors were good, but I didn't get the WOW effect I have with Odd Duck.   I agree with Jennie C. that the portions, both drink and food, are on the smaller side + pricey (I had a little sticker shock when we got our receipt), and that the restaurant needs time to work out some kinks.  The service was wonderful and the restaurant has great potential!  We look forward to trying it again in the future.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,7/26/2011,209,219,14,9,10>It had been a year since a pair of shears touched my hair.  My dog, who get's his hair professionally done all the time, took me aside one day and said, "Girlfriend, go get your hair did."  When your dog starts giving you advice you can only do one of two things 1. Ignore him and the other voices in your head2. Appreciate his concern and obey (Son of Sam style, minus the killing)Ray got recommended to me by a colleague so I gave Shine a call.  The fact that they're super close to me and next to a coffee shop allowed me to book an early Saturday appointment. Shine Salon is super cute inside.   Ray was friendly, funny, and had not a trace of disdain at my lack of hair upkeep.  He also managed to give me a really great cut, despite my incredibly vague description of what I wanted.  And despite my vagueness, I'm a pretty picky lady.  I may not know what I want my hair to look like but I will definitely tell you what I don't want.  My hair now is lighter, has better shape, and has more volume (always a great feat for aZn hair).  I'm super happy with it ( though my hair really didn't do anything) and with Ray (who did all the work) and though my dog didn't say anything when I got home, he did give me a high-five and a yawn of approval.  Then we had wine spritzers and watched Eat. Pray. Love.  Best. Day. Ever.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,7/25/2011,160,142,8,12,11>Amazing dog park! I finally brought my rat terrier here because they have a separate area for small dogs, and it's very large. I was afraid it would be all chintzy, but she ran her ass off. Only down side was not many dogs, so come on out, people! After the other small dogs left, the big dog owners said I could bring her over to play, but she got them a little too riled up and we had to bail. No stray poops, a watering fountain, lots of room and some agility equipment made for a very enjoyable Saturday morning. Now hopefully I'll have some peace so I can catch up on my Yelping...
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,7/24/2011,86,45,9,17,11>The smiles and good vibes make the pain tolerable. Results are divine. Last November I got a postcard advertising the opening of a new workout center. Woman-owned, focused on barre-style circuit training and close to my home. I have no dance background. That hasn't been an issue. Although I am laughably uncoordinated. I've been taking their Shape, Graceful and Core classes 2-3 days a week. Here are the changes I've experienced: --visible tricep muscles and deltoids_a butt. I'm a flat-assed Pollock. Who knew that the right, targeted exercises could create a butt out of such sheer flatness? --a super strong core. Too many hours at the computer left me round shouldered. I'm now walking and sitting straighter. My mom would be proud.DS uses a combination of curcuit trainging with barre techniques. Great for getting firmed up. The teachers all clearly love their jobs and are very personnable. Classes are fun and challenging. And you see results FAST.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,7/23/2011,189,274,20,7,10>I could just repeat everything that every other reviewer has said, but instead I will just make up some random facts about Tacodeli. 1. There is Unicorn Blood in the green sauce, that's what makes it so spicy and tasty. 2. An actual cowboy prepares every 'Cowboy Taco' you order. 3. The Shrimp are mutated by some sort of radiation that makes them not grow any larger than a quarter. 4. The cashiers can read your mind and already have your food cooking before you arrive to them. The "How may I help you" thing is just a formality. 5. You eat for free if you can drink a half gallon of green sauce without throwing up. Pros: Quick Service, Good Tacos, Green Sauce, Nice LocationCons: You Call That a Shrimp Taco?
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,7/22/2011,58,529,5,17,14>A friend of mine has been telling me to try Casa Chapala for a while now.  Last night was the night.  Little did I know that we would be walking into a Mexican fiesta complete with free tequila shots, strong margaritas, festive music, and pretty good food.We just missed happy hour by a few minutes.  Evidently happy hour is from 4-7 weekdays.  Next time I know to go a little early and grab one of those "effin' strong" margaritas (like Christine A. said) for $4.50.  We waited at the bar a reasonable amount of time until our name was called.My hubby ordered a burrito and chimichanga.  I thought my fajitas were better.  Oh!  I also love that they make your salsa and guac at the table.  The service was very attentive, as well.  I'm looking forward to going back.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,7/21/2011,368,209,19,9,8>Excuse me, I must be in the wrong place. I was looking for a typical Mexican food restaurant found in any north county strip mall. As soon as I walked in, I knew I was lost; maybe even transported to some new hot spot lounge in the Dallas area. I hate it when I hit the road to a distant city and blank out on the drive. How can they get away with the fabulous decor and attention to detail? Don't they know they are supposed to have ho-hum bathrooms and no personality? And where's that sterile smell of pine-sol? And what's with the dim lights? I like ridiculously bright lights when I eat; this is too intimate and fun. What's next, a fabulous menu of exotic drinks? Oh, I guess so. Keri B's already fallen in love with the cucumber margarita. I only had the Machos Nachos with beef picadillo, but if that app is any indication of the quality of the entrees, I'm going to vivo more often. I've heard the puffy tacos are not to be missed. Puffy tacos? Are we in San Antonio? Does anyone else remember that the minor league team in SA had a puffy taco as their mascot? Are the San Antonio Missions still around? Are there too many questions in this review?
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,7/20/2011,381,228,15,14,11>Call me shallow but if you want your business to do well, put a charming man with a pretty face behind the bar. Not only does it make me sit down and want to stay a while but it makes me return after 4 other bars to flirt with him some more. Aka...spend more money at your bar. That is the first step to being successful. The second is having really really really good specials. $3 FULL SIZE pizzas from 6-8pm. Are you joking? Sure you're thinking, oh, I bet they're no good. WRONG. They're amazing!!! I think they had at least 6 different flavors. Not to mention the baked brie and the bacon, blue cheese quesadillas that were also soooooooo yummy. Did you say $15 PITCHERS of margaritas?  Watching the bartender make one of these pitchers made my liver jump out of my body. ABANDON SHIP! So let's recap: hot bartenders, strong drinks, delicious food, GREAT specials, good location. Why am I not going here every day for happy hour? I think I might.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/19/2011,444,406,8,12,12>Do I really need to tell you how good this is with all the 700+ Reviews? Really stop reading right now and head over to Driftwood for the Salt Lick Experience and wash it down with your  own favorite brew you bring along. Don't hate till you try!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,7/18/2011,232,273,13,17,15>I'm calling Red's Porch the Oasis of the South. The amazing view of the green belt on the upstairs porch bar is very zen. And even in the hot August month, Austenite can't get enough of their patio time. Lucky for us who like to be outside, Red's has installed ceiling fans with misters for our masochistic pleasure of voluntary heat stroke. The longer I sat on the porch the more I was falling in love or maybe that was because of the margaritas.First time I was there for HH which I ended up showing up first for. No problem, ordered a glass of house white wine for $4 inside with the air conditioning blasting like Antarctica. Sweet waiter man was even going to let me order from the kids menu since I wasn't that hungry. When my other fabulous lady friends showed up we quickly relocated to the upstairs porch and had a waitress who wasn't the friendliest but was pretty efficient handling a large group of 12 women. Sadly, she did not let me order from the menu but am not taking any stars away for that. We ended up splitting delicious chili cheese fries and queso which I thought tasted pretty great. Generally, my experiences with margaritas at HH's in Austin range from terrible to mediocre so I don't order them because you usually get 3/4ths overly disgusting sweet syrupy mix, but thought I would take a chance since they were only $3.25. Hmmm, not bad. There were actual traces of tequila that could be detected. Cool.Well I loved this place so much that when a friend came in town the next night, I took them there because I wanted to try the fried snickers on their dessert menu. The description basically sounded like a funnel cake drizzled with chocolate syrup on top which made me gitty to get a treat like this and not have to be at a fair or amusement park. Oh sweet Jesus, it was heaven! Our waiter was super cool too and even bought me a margarita since I hadn't ordered anything to drink and it was a Friday night. Wow, thank you so much Mr. Waiter man.Now I just have to come back and actually eat a real meal here. Any takers?
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,7/17/2011,146,505,11,13,13>Absolutely delightful! Where else can a group of yelp buds gather on a Sunday, share a birthday mimosa (or 4), and indulge in some great foods? Probably plenty of places. So what sets Olivia apart from other brunch options during your Austin Sunday? Starting with the atmosphere -- a clean lined contemporary look with loads of light and high ceilings -- welcomes you through a well-designed and positioned herb garden. Overall, a very nice set up, despite the limited parking. The menu options lean toward to heavy side, so for the calorie conscious, you may want to follow the path of the proteins. I chose the lox plate, which seemed kisses with a citrus finish - a very nice compliment for what could be a real "maybe" dish. Lovely! Alright, so maybe I am not as calorie conscious on weekends, which is why I had to split the smoked Gouda grits with one of my homies. That's when the Vincent Gambini quotes started rolling, along with the blood orange mimosas. And boy, did we get funnier as the afternoon wore on. "How do you cook your grits? Do you like them regular, creamy or al dente?" I am sure we should call in an apology to the waitress. OK, back to the dish. While creamy, cheesy, smoky, gouday, the dish was even too much to split as it is a carbo loader's dream come true. Overall, a home run, but, "Mr. Tipton, how could it take you 5 minutes to cook your grits when it takes the entire grit eating world 20 minutes?"
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,7/16/2011,77,205,8,12,13>ode to pies (with apologies to a certain poet)I have eatenthe piesthat were inthe iceboxand whichyou were probablysavingfor breakfastForgive methey were deliciousso creamyand so cold--I believe that I have preemptively gained fifteen pounds just thinking about Cutie Pies and the damage it is going to do.  Buttermilk pie is like a glorious egg tart and the crust isn't seriously thick which means more filling for you!They're open as long as they have pies each day and will soon be starting breakfast pies (oh god) on the weekends.Pies cost $4 at the time of writing, fried pies at $3 if memory serves me right.  They take Visa/MC/Amex.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,7/15/2011,65,61,6,8,8>ALERT!!! Delicious breakfast tacos here!!!!I had my first experience last weekend and I can officially say, I'M HOOKED! I've already planned my next trip there because I have some friends coming into town and we are going to need something yummy to soak up the alcohol after Saturday night.And for you hot sauce fans, this place has AWESOME hot sauce. Really hot and really tasty. I liked the red sauce the best but the green was also really good and still hot. I haven't tried anything else there but everything I saw looked amazingly delicious. I will definitely be returning here and shall update my review once I experience more delicious treats for Pablito's.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/14/2011,90,161,7,8,8>So as time passed and my home slowly aged i guess it was inevitable that the wallpaper in our bathroom would start to peel and look outdated. No problem...im kinda handy. So i rip all the paper off the wall. Oh, that's a lovely look now. Uh...how do i repair those dings and clacks in the drywall, and what about the peeling primer. I cant paint over that right? Oh yeah, i also need to texture the walls.What did i get myself into. My bathroom actually sat in this state for months as i tried to find a way to do it myself. Finally i decided to have the walls fixed and textured by someone who actually knows what they are doing.I hired Terry and am so glad i did. He made all the little repairs to my walls and did a perfect texture match to the rest of the room. It really looks like a new room. Terry was polite, professional and offered good advice on color schemes.So now that Terry's work is done i have no more excuses to not finish out the room. New paint, floor tile, lighting etc...Oh boy, What did i get myself into !
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,7/13/2011,238,365,9,9,9>Full on disclosure: I love Tomo. I would eat here every day if I could. I'm serious. EVERY DAY. However, since my wallet's only full of dollar bills, I only get to eat at Tomo once every week or two. Lame, I know.Rules for eating at Tomo:1. Order from the specials board. Yes, it's special stuff - that's why it's good!2. Don't order rolls if you don't like rolls - especially tempura rolls or spicy mayo. Duh. 3. Don't let the crazy names freak you out. What, you don't like to have fun? What's wrong with you?4. Accept the service: it's part of Tomo's charm, and it's improved so much in the last two years. Tina and Danielle are sweet and friendly. Give them hugs, and they will love you.5. Don't eat here if you don't want to spend money. Common sense, right?P.S. There is no shine factor here. I'm not sure where comments about Tomo being a "meat market" are coming from, but it does make me chuckle a little bit. Actually, it makes me chuckle a lot. Do shiny people chuckle? I think not.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,7/12/2011,184,302,5,9,13>Casual is an understatement at Freddie's.  I'm not sure I've found a more laid-back patio here in town.  Freddie's was packed with families and hipsters, and hipster families, with plenty of dogs and children afoot.Service was excellent, our food was very good, and the patio on this gorgeous day in Austin was just perfect.  We split a mushroom & swiss burger and a salad, had a couple of cold beers, and in general had a very nice, mellow afternoon at Freddie's.In other words, a day which serves to remind us why we love Austin.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,7/11/2011,348,383,10,18,14>This "hamburger joint" is absolutely delicious. The staff is friendly and chatty and obviously take pride in their product and service. It's hard to spot on S Lamar (there is a sign though) so it seems like sort of a "word of mouth" establishment right now. Similar to the nearby Giovanni's Pizza, it's a hidden gem inside a convenience store. The hamburgers are thick and juicy. You can taste the freshness. Even my wife, the hamburger hater, LOVED it. She finished her's before I was finished with half of mine! What the . . !A wide range of typical toppings are available: four types of cheese, jalapenos, grilled onions, bacon, fresh GREEN lettuce and tomato, etc. Fries are a $1 as a side with the burgers. Yes the sweet potato fries are excellent as some reviews indicate. These fries aren't crisp fast food fries and that's OK! These fries are still great and remind me of home cooking. By the way, HFCS-free ketchup is on their tables for those fries. Good choice!Speaking of HFCS-free, their soda fountain has Dublin Dr Pepper now and a selection of other HFCS-free sodas that even includes Big Red. There is a root beer, "vintage cola" and cherry limeade. I wanted one so badly. Been off the sodas for almost 2 weeks now. They are like heroin for me. I can't stop at one. As we left the store we both mentioned how we were not feeling full and bogged down, but actually just right and refreshed. It just tasted that good! Seriously. It might sound weird to say, but the burgers just tasted clean. My wife agreed. Maybe it's psychological with the grass-fed organic signage, but it's what we felt.I am definitely returning for a cheesesteak VERY soon.EDIT 5-23: I have returned for the Cheesesteak. I have returned for the Reuben. Both are superb and worthy of your mouth! And the wife has eaten a burger on both return visits. Today they had some incredibly fresh local peaches for sale too. Soon this may just be the go to local organic produce market on South Lamar!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,7/9/2011,257,292,7,11,10>I came here for a holiday party for my friend's company. Usually, I'm pretty reticent when the suggestion of going to Pflugerville comes up; that said, it's the holidays. Why not?We arrived at European Bistro just in time. The salad was typical, but satisfying. The service? Very attentive. It's not often that you feel that the entire staff seems to want to make sure an event goes perfectly. This establishment understands service.They offered up a hot wine. It tasted almost like a cider, but either way? It was delicious. The meal was a cornish game hen that was packed to the brim with bread stuffing. There were some steamed vegetables. My biggest surprise of the evening? They served mashed potatoes with a hint of both cream and cheese, but also with chopped hard boiled eggs. This was a definite first for me and I will struggle to recreate this.Dessert was their Mozart Cake. It was nothing short of delicious. Chocolate, pistachio, more chocolate, deliciousness, and heaven. I had a fine time in Pflugerville. How many times can you say that without a trace of doubt?
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,7/8/2011,100,112,6,16,13>Another FABULOUS experience at Avenue Five Institute.  T cut my hair and he was awesome!  I only wanted a trim, with a little more off the back than the front.  After touching up my rebellious face framing hairs, a quick run through with the flat iron and my hair was done!  He did excellent work, creating beautiful lines and bringing my hair back to life again.  Now my hair is light, shiny, and has just a touch of bounce :)  I love it!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,7/7/2011,699,1000,16,12,12>I saw the US debut of the up and coming UK band Esben and the Witch during the first night of the SXSW music showcase downtown and for some reason during the amazing and phenomenal set, right when the lead guitarist jumped over my head (I was in the very front and I'm kinda short) and into the crowd to play his guitar in the sea of people I had an intense craving for iced coffee.  Ahhhh, hormones.Perhaps it had been due to drinking all the free beer during all the open bars since oh, about 2PM but my body really wanted to switch to caffeine, a reasonable healthy detox option from beer.  Since Summermoon is near my house and open late I decided to stop in there for my fix.  Only, I didn't seem to really know the rules.  The first rule about Summermoon is you don't talk about Winter Moon.When you gaze at their chalkboard you will notice a delectable list of fine beverages such as the Half Moon and the said Winter Moon.  Curiously, there are no descriptions as to what exactly are in the drinks.  So I ask the barista, "Hi, what's in the Winter Moon drink?"  His answer, "A blend of 7 different ingredients".  Cool.  "What would those be?" I asked.  (Yes, I went there.  His face turned stone serious.  A person or two started to stare.)  "It is just a house blend of our 7 different ingredients" was his answer.  Me:  "Like, milk and coffee and stuff?"(Cold stare, no expression).  "Yes.  A blend of our 7 house ingredients.  It does have a shot of espresso." (Yessss, there is espresso in there.  Shhhh!)Me:  "So I like the Starbucks drink called Cinnamon Dolche Latte-- is it kinda like that?"  (Really, really cold stare now from everybody even those using their laptops stopped typing because I used the "S" word in an independent coffee house.)Barista:  "Yes".  He blinked.  I blinked.  There were no other words forthcoming.I could tell that trying to find out exactly what those 7 different ingredients were was like trying to get the secret recipe out of the Colonel himself so I let it go and I ordered the Winter Moon.  And I was not sorry.  It was delicious.I wish I could tell you what is in the Winter Moon but even if I somehow found out I would probably have to kill you.  My advice?  Stop by Summermoon and give their stuff a try.  Enjoy the mystery. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/6/2011,19,104,9,12,11>First impressions:  Nice decor - casual and comfortable. Great patio that I would have enjoyed in cooler weather. Friendly staff. Good chips and salsa. Yep, if the food is decent, they'll probably get a strong 4 stars out of me. And then the shrimp and grits came.... holy smokes!  5 stars!... 6 stars!!... 7 stars!!... 9 stars!!!... sigh.... Can I have a cigarette now?  The shrimp and grits were rich - very rich - intensely rich. It wasn't like your normal southern shrimp and grits, either. It had all kinds of other stuff in there (spinach, mushrooms). You know how when Bobby Flay does his throwdown with someone who makes a traditional dish and he usually one-ups it with some kinda southwestern flare? That's what Hugos did for shrimp and grits. Bobby would be impressed. My drink was tasty and strong. I think my husband liked what he had but I've got to be honest and say I don't really remember him being there since I was so engrossed in my dish. Oh, I know he had some beautiful thin-cut waffle fries because I stole a few of them. Yummy. I ordered dessert to go and when I got home I discovered that I had the most enormous piece of tres leches ever. I'll be enjoying that tasty morsel for several days. I can hardly wait to go back to try out all of the other yummy options on the menu.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,7/5/2011,62,69,16,15,15>Texas has BBQThe Greeks had philosophy, the English had Shakespeare,  Texas has BBQ. Ruby's is a must stop on any BBQ tour. The chopped brisket may be a masterpiece, the spicy beans are a work of art. I passed up the chance to see Jordan play basketball and I won't make the same mistake with Rubys. Get thee to Rubys.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,7/4/2011,250,195,11,27,23>I have to be honest with you, I normally don't notice plating, but their avocado and melon salad is just beautiful.  Red onions, orange cantaloupe, mixed baby greens and lettuce, plus the avocado and a healthy sprinkling of goat cheese.  You have the option of ranch dressing, but I'm not sure why you'd choose that when you can have their cilantro vinaigrette instead.  It's a really nice contrast with the melon. I might have wanted more avocado, but I think I'm just greedy.The decor is vibrant, and I can really imagine this place being packed full of people having a great time.  They are brand new, so it was a little quiet at lunch today, but I can definitely see that changing.  A sweet woman who is obviously an owner came by to make sure and welcome us and that was very cool.  Our server was attentive and quietly friendly and fast.There aren't a huge amount of vegetarian options, but I assumed that would be the case, since Caribbean food is not often veggie.  Still, there are veggie appetizers that sound wonderful, and the salad was unique, tasty, and a good portion for lunch.  The fried yucca (maybe, we think) and plantain chips on my friend's plate were tasty.They offered flan for dessert, and I'm thinking in retrospect we should have tried it, but I guess that's an excuse to go back.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,7/3/2011,322,621,15,15,19>Likkity's Frozen is Custard's last stand.  On Manchaca Road, that is.When you see the big red double-decker bus--don't think that's where the action is.  The good stuff is served out of a spic-and-span white trailer a few parking spaces over.  I think the cleanliness of the venue sets a new high bar for trailer establishments in Austin--most of which have a helluva lot to learn about basic sanitation from Likkity.The owner has built out an impressive airy, covered patio area with easy-to-clean picnic table style seating.  He's even put a remote napkin dispenser conveniently near the tables.  It's a very friendly and welcoming environment for groups and families alike.But you came here for the custard, and Likkity's lives up to its namesake.  I had a parfait  with today's flavor of the day--Strawberry--topped with chocolate topping and mile-high whipped cream and infused with M&M's and peanuts.  Dee-lish-us and satisfying.  I called it lunch.The service is as friendly as the place is clean and the custard is excellent.  I don't think I've met a friendlier owner.  He was patient while I perused the menu, and amiable when I went to pick up my order.  As an added touch, he dispenses wet towelette packets--because he knows if you really enjoy it, well, it's going to get messy.While Likkity's may be the last frozen custard stand on Manchaca Road, it certainly won't be my last visit.  The only temptation to avoid with this place will be coming by here daily on my way home from work.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/2/2011,521,315,13,12,14>House Wine, I LOVE You Man!Where else with $5 sparklings by the glass for yelp drink weeks (or $20 for the whole bottle on 10 for $20 bottle Monday) can you find a dozen or more of some of my favorite yelpers, the coolest patio for drinking on a perfect Austin spring evening and leave feeling like a rock star?While most people are not partakers of the bubbles on a regular basis, the prices were something to celebrate and I converted most of them to the enchanting little bubbles. Not sure how many bottles the table consumed, but I was whipping out $20 bills faster than you could say g-string at a strip club, only they were going to bail out my precious bottles of Louis Perdrier Sparkling Rose so they could find their forever home in our laughter that magically filled the air. Sure they had other yelp specials like $3 Sangria and $2 Fireman's 4. But even the guy who didn't drink, bought a bottle of the bubbles to gift to the crowd, because he knew of the magic it contained. There were laps sat on, tongues touched, and talks of bra fittings with men and women. Inappropriate? Perhaps. But for one glorious evening, no one cared, laughter ruled, "I love you mans" were spoken, and there was even talk of leaving spouses for this magical crowd. All was great in the land of House Wine.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,7/1/2011,611,369,35,16,18>I will not take myself on dates to this place.I will not take myself on dates to this place.Hey!  I got a $25 gift card!Christ, I just blew $40 on myself on a date to this place.I will not order wine from the impressive "by-the-glass" list.  I will stick to the $5 "social hour"  Grigio.Mother of god, I just ran up another $40 on myself on something-from-Alsace...When my friend comes from out-of-town I will not take her here.Not take her here.Too much spendy-spendy, drinky-drinky.  No take her here.Okay, so she's here and she loves it.I will not take my bottomless-pit-foodie-guy friend here.I will take him to steakhouses and buffets where he belongs..,I will not give him the level of options this place has...We won't come out alive...And... we are both loving it here.I guess all I'm really trying to say is the more I resist this place?  The more I show up.  I like the word, "swanky" and it's been a while since I got to use it... Just don't try to alter your sushi roll.  They will fight you.  They will tell you, "Flip this part over to taste this first on your tongue," and if you don't, they will cut you.  Like sashimi.I'm sometimes vegan but I crumble for the "Boquerones" sushi piece EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  If you don't mind calories, pray that the Uchi-infamous (Paula Deen's version of a Cali roll) called the, "Shag" is on special.  It's famous.  It's tasty.  You may want to go running that day, or perhaps enroll in Crossfit.... Like me.  I think the only reason I do boot-camp style work-out's at 6 in the morning is so I can get glut without the gut at service-spectacular spots like this.  They're not afraid to pair red with sushi (I believe the Lorrain boded well with me).  They grill their edamame so it's a wow-wow-wow experience.  They deceptively give you salted, spicy nut snacks to keep you thirsty so the wine keeps on a-flowin' (which it does), and now and then?  They "surprise you" with a little "something from the kitchen," (a crazy-nice touch).It's insanely nice, and great for a date.  I would know... I took myself on a first-date-to-Uchiko and totally woke up with myself the next the morning...
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,6/30/2011,325,414,19,12,17>When I become a famous Bollywood dancer, I give you permission to use this review when they highlight me and my friends for our awesome dancing. A few of us decided to take advantage of the Groupon and signed up for a June class at this location. I haven't had that much fun "working out" in a long time. The first half of the class was a real work out. Like, real tough. Like sweating, panting, needing water. And, boy, did we laugh.The second half was learning the choreography to a song that we'll continue to work on for the next few weeks. I'm pretty sure they'll ask us to be in a video or something.The studio has a ton of drop-in dance classes available, from "Man Stretching" (Yeah, I wanna know, too) to Breakdancing to Jazz Funk. I can only speak to the Bollywood class for now, but obviously it's awesome. Just like our dancing.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,6/29/2011,150,193,10,9,12>Hello kiddies it's your friendly kick balling Mr. Smidgens here!! As close as BSL is to me I had never been here but I had driven by numerous times only to see the patio packed with peeps! No not the little food coloring colored marshmallow Easter treats but actual people!! I joined up with my fellow kickballers and my team "Not in the FACE!" to start the season of adults wearing crazy hats, dresses, and drinking the kickball dust away. Black Sheep Lodge just happened to be our after game hangout. AWESOME! I actually said this in my head once I heard the good news then I realized my lips were moving and I was yelling..AWESOME! Mr. Smidgens thinks he scared some of his new teammates at that point. Donning my adult WAKA adult kickball attire which consists of black Under Armour shorts, royal blue soccer socks, soccer cleats, a royal blue official WAKA t-shirt, red YELP wristband, blue bandanna cholo style, and goggles. The goggles are just in case. We ARE called "Not in the FACE!." But you already knew that if you were paying attention. I walked in with my team and we grabbed a few celebratory drinks at the bar. The bartenders were quick and attentive. On Monday night it's $3 Texas pints and TX liquors! We mosied on over to the back gaming area. They have skeeball, pool, shuffleboard and, darts. Mr. Smidgens got to know his teammates and other WAKA players. At this point my kickball playing stomach was grumbling for attention. I requested a menu from the lovely Shannon and she returned with said menu before I could take another sip of my whiskey! I ordered the "Little Stinkers". These little guys are 3 ground beef and roasted garlic sliders topped with Gorgonzola butter and mixed greens. I decided to accessorize the stinkers with some tasty sweet potato fries. All that for just $7.99! As I ordered another whiskey and gabbed with my new found buddies I smelled them! I smelled those little stinkers before I could see them! There she was. Our waitress Shannon standing there with a smile as she said, "You are going to enjoy these.". I have to tell you, she was right! I took my first bite of the first stinker in line and I do believe I drooled on myself. My salivary glands went haywire. Slrrrrrp, bite, chew. Slrrrrrrp, bite, chew is how my dining experience went and then I took a bite of those tasty tasty sweet potato fries. Nom..nom..nom..nommy...yummy is what those are! I have been back since this first experience and the staff just keeps getting better. Shannon remembered me as soon as she saw me. I chalked it up to Mr. Smidgens's outfit. She said it was because I was a cool guy. Nice! She took care of us just as she did the first time. The BSL is a great place to eat, play, and drink yourself into those interesting conversations as your table breaks into song singing Queen and Bowie's "Under Pressure", Until next time, Mr. "Goggles" Smidgens
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,6/28/2011,303,155,14,14,13>Stopped here today for lunch and it was pretty good. There was hardly anyone there and I attribute that to this being more popular at night and UT is out for the summer. There was a screeching noise from around the corner that made me question whether they allowed cats in here. But alas it was a newborn. The service was pretty good as it should have been with only us and the cat. The menu is very extensive. They have burgers, fish and chips, fried pickles, salads, and the list goes on to include 5 pages! Now get this....drum roll please. They have FRIED MAC AND CHEESE triangles! I am in love. I only had them once at a Krystal in San Antonio before they closed. The mac and cheese ($3.99 is fried in the same kind of batter as the fried cod and is about 8 triangles. Flaky crunchy goodness and the gooey mac in cheese after the first crunch. I asked adam if he like them. He said they were ok but he said that he is not into mac and cheese as much as I am. WHAT? I also had the fish and chips $6. It was good but only 2 small pieces of cod floating on a heaping pile of waffle fries. I am not a big fan of waffle fries but if you are you are in luck. There is an abundance. Adam F ordered the burger slider combo with chicken wings lunch special which was around $9 and included a drink. I didn't try the slider but he said it was good. I did try one of the wings. He got them spicy. They were on spot good. Pretty meaty. I had forgotten he ordered the spicy so when I bit into it I almost coughed it out. They do brag about having 28 TV's in the place so it is pretty evident the market they are catering to. It is pretty large and you can watch any sports event that you want if that is your thing. All said I will go back if not for the fried mac and cheese alone. Hey doc, I just knocked my cholesterol up another 60 points and I know smoking is bad for me. Sorry.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,6/27/2011,392,291,17,15,12>We were walking down 6th Street and I was looking for some cheap tacos or a burger. We had walked up and down the street once and I decided to go into Parkside, because I'm pretty sure they server burgers there. I've been in there a few times during SXSW to see some shows upstairs and to use their facilities. ***But wait a minute*** This place looks totally different, did they remodel?I should have gotten the first clue, when the hostess asked if I had a reservation? I went ahead and got a seat anyway. It was Austin Restaurant Week, so a 3-course meal was going for $35. And since you had told me earlier that you "never wanted to eat again." I only had to purchase the one meal. And this made me realize that I probably wasn't the right guy for you to be dating. And vice-versa. Though it would save me a lot of money on meals...my options on date ideas were very limited.After the hostess seated us and we ordered some waters, I realized that the place I thought I was walking into was Paradise. We contemplated getting up and leaving, but I'd feel weird doing something like that. It's not like I couldn't afford it, I had just planned on eating some cheap tacos. Dang you restaurants on 6th that both start with 'P' and have very similar looking buildings. I made this mistake and I wasn't even drunk. But it wasn't actually a mistake as I had a great meal, just a little more expensive than I had planned.My appetizer was the Parisian gnocchi. And as everyone should know by now, I'm not the type of person to tell you all the flavors and stuff in my food, it's either good or it's not. And this was good. According to the menu, it had this stuff in it: braised lamb, ramps, swiss chard, orange.My main course was the grilled bass. It was also good. It had these fancy things with it: green olive, artichoke, foraged mushrooms, spring onion, espelette, lemon.My desert was the strawberry sorbet, which had these things with it: pimms foam, cucumber jus, orange.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,6/26/2011,421,256,20,17,22>Beast Flesh Saga, installment 3.The Hunger has taken mercy on me. I no longer obsess about a thick juicy charred beef patty, unless it is brought up in conversation. Or Gchat. Then it begins.The feeding was scheduled two days in advance, but not before substantial hype about a dinner outing with normal people on a normal evening, after a normal wine tasting. I'm hesitant to sully the flavor of the meat with even the roundest sample of whatever it's called. I don't care. Wine don't have meat in it.Wednesday evening around 7p. Race over to Hopdoddy's with anxiety of disappointment looming. An upscale burger bar, where beer is given as much attention as the burger, but where patties take the form of tuna, turkey, buffalo and veggie variety. Variety may be the spice of life but so many options distract tasting the meat, which is all that matters to The Hunger.I take a companion's word for their 'better than Black Sheep' burgers, though I retain reservations about one-upping that dripping amalgamation of sexiness I had the honor of devouring the week before.It is absolutely appropriate The Goods are served up on butcher paper. Smart girl, Hopdoddy's - they know what's about to go down here, and pretty plates haven't got a damn thing to do with it. Once again, as I strain to pay attention to my companion's explanation of creating an otherwise-tastebud-stupefying-feast, it is done. All that remains are the small wooden stakes that pinned the masterpiece in place. Before I can articulate my thoughts, our normal dining party joins us post wine tasting. We make introductions, how-do-you-do's and the like, allowing them to order. I manage to befriend the very nice normal people waiting for their own The Goods. Unfortunately, I am stuffed up my throat with goodness, but not-worse-just-different goodness than Black Sheep. The nice normal people offer me samplings of their goods, including a $6 milkshake. That was a f***ing good milkshake, if Vega would say so himself. The frito-pie burger, which sounds disastrous in theory, is executed surprisingly well in practice.We chat with both co-owners for a stint before I shove off. Two hours later I'M JUST AS STUFFED AS I WAS WHEN I ATE MY LAST BITE. So yeah, you're paying more for your goods here, but they are worth it. I suspect I've seen the last of The Hunger for a while. Thank you for snuffing out that  flame.The only negative thing I can think of Hopdoddy's, given we know burgers reach close to $10: if it's peak hours (i.e. Thur/Fri/Sat nights or 6-8 Sundays) and you're not seated in a chair at a table/bar, YOU WILL BE IN THE WAY OF SOMEONE'S FOOT TRAFFIC VERY SOON. It's something I think you'll have to come to terms with if you're waiting on a to-go order. Perhaps there should be a buzzing-device system and patrons allowed to wait outside in the fresh air? I've never experienced claustrophobia until trying to get from the condiment bar to the front door on a Sunday evening. Holy sardines, Batman.Bonus, as of 2/20/11: they offer gluten-free buns for a small extra charge. Woohooo!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,6/25/2011,211,223,14,13,20>it's day 8 of sxsw, if i'm not mistaken (it's a little blurry though).  i've only been down there 4 times and yet i look and feel as ragged as the rest of you.  all that walking and drinking and listening and watching and eating takes its toll by day 8.  i imagine it is even worse for those who work in the heart of things during sxsw.  like the hard working team at home slice.  but someone forgot to tell them they're supposed to look tired and ragged, maybe be a bit ornery after putting up with us for 8 packed days.it was the perfect sxsw day.  sunshine daydream.  and after a pretty intense walk around town lake (preemptive health strike) we headed for south congress.  it was 2pm and we knew parking would be a beast but we were determined to get in on the fun.  so coming up to the corner at guero's, we were deeply into discussing our parking strategy, and suddenly there was this woman.  a fairly average woman, not noteworthy in and of herself (with all due respect), except for what she was doing.  she was getting into her car.  which was parked right infront of guero's.  which was right in front of us.  rock star parking indeed.  the day greeted us.wait, wasn't i supposed to be talking about the fine folks at home slice? oh, yeah - back on track.  so after a bit of sun and music and beers at guero's garden we decided to get some food.  the street was packed with people and the line at home slice was long.  we decided to go inside which was also packed - and were told the wait would be about 25 minutes.  ok, actually not too bad considering.  but what happened next was pretty awesome.  because the sea of humanity parted and there we found ourselves standing next to the only two empty counter stools in hs.  our total waiting time: less than 2 minutes.so with all this goodness abounding, you might wonder how things could possibly get better.  and that's where the home slice team comes in.  sliding past one another with speed, dexterity, and grace, it was like watching a ballet.  no one was grumbling, no one was griping - there wasn't a sour face in the bunch.  on day 8 of this madness.shane was our server behind the counter.  he was our server, and the server for about 25 other folks mobbing the counter. and shane was zipping back and forth with an ear to ear grin, working his ass off and seemingly enjoying every minute of it.   there was not a person sitting or standing at the counter that he didn't get to, check on, and take care of.  i made a point to mention it to him.  good for you, shane.  you're still smiling on day 8.  you make me (and apparently everyone around me) happy, and you make home slice and austin proud.  this is what it's about.  go home slice.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,6/24/2011,724,628,36,29,28>So, I now have an adorable niece and 1,343,267 friends with babies (at last count), and I find myself in baby stores on a fairly regular basis.  Whereas Babies R KillMeNow makes me want to violently stab my eyeballs out, Buy Buy Baby merely makes me want to gently remove a fingernail, perhaps even with the assistance of a soothing local anesthetic.  It's more cheery, stocked with a much larger selection of cute things, and they take Bed Bath & Beyond coupons (because they're owned by Bed Bath & Beyond).  Yes, it is still next to impossible to find anybody to assist you, but once you do, the employees are actually able to assist you (unlike Babies R KillMeNow, where the employees themselves haven't the faintest clue where anything is, nor does it generally occur to them to care).Best solution: order your baby stuff online or buy from a small, local store.  But if you need a superstore, Buy Buy Baby is The One.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,6/23/2011,467,441,6,10,12>Turns out that the dude behind The Hideout Pub (my current fave bar) can do no wrong when it comes to opening bars. Across the board, they're all inexpensive and pour heavy handedly, though I usually tend towards beer. The draft beer selection at Violet Crown Social Club is fan-fucking-tastic (one thing, imo, that the Hideout is lacking), as is the overall ambiance (complete with outdoor space!). The jukebox is amazing and very varietal, as well.I can see this as being my go-to place on the East Side.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,6/21/2011,485,555,15,16,16>I have a history with bubble tea:-- there's a huge Korean community in north NJ (read: tons of bubble tea shops);-- my first boyfriend consumed near-lethal doses of the stuff;-- I nearly choked on a tapioca ball the first time I tried it (no innuendos, please);-- my ballroom partners were all some variety of Asian and loved them some bubble tea, even making it from scratch.The shop is quaint and the staff sufficiently friendly. Bring yo cash and go to town, unless you're getting at least $10-worth of stuff - then your card is good here. While waiting on my red bean milk tea (do it) I perused the "snacks" against the wall. Last time I had dried squid head I was... wait no. I never ate that. Back to the drinks: sugar pie got the papaya smoothie and it was good, not as awesome as the mango he usually gets. My milk tea was solid: the perfect combination of creamy, red bean bits and tapioca. We (Dominicans) have a red bean dessert, so this was deliciously comforting. One time my darlin' surprised me with their "crazy" drink. It had a lot of stuff swimming around in it, including something that looked amoeba-y. We dubbed it sweet sewer water and never got it again. Net: you'll like Short 'n' Sweet. Some things in life can be described with those adjectives and still satisfy.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,6/20/2011,461,645,27,16,17>Parked In Ever Growing Eastside SocietyGod's Gift To Trailer Park NotorietyThey Always Fill Their TablesAlways Willing, Always AbleThe Yelp Reviews Say They've GotThe Most Amazing Balls Of AllCHORUS:They've Got Takoyaki BallsThey've Got Vegetarian BallsAnd They're Such Amazing BallsA Pair of Big Rice BallsAnd Their Balls Are Always ReadyTheir Tables Always FullAnd Customers Come and Come Again...Gourdough's Has Blue BallsAnd Casey's Got Snow BallsBut Love Balls Has The Most Amazing, Balls Of Them All....And I'm Just Itching To Tell You About ThemOh We Had Mouth-gasmic FunOctopus, Giant Pocky...Ball Eater~Yes, this review did call for some AC/DC (I couldn't resist). I went to Love Balls Bus last night and ordered the special thinking, balls come in pairs. Apparently this is the case but count them, 4 pairs. $7 gets you eight takoyaki balls and one yaki-onigiri, so filling I could not clean my plate. I liked the takoyaki with its flavorful sauces (kewpie mayo and not sure what the other sauce was but I do know it was good) and hidden chunks of octopus. On the other hand I loved the yaki-onigiri which is a rice ball with garlic soy sauce, grilled and tucked in seaweed. Simple yet tasty. And if feeding us was not enough, Gabe was kind enough to give us some bonito flakes (dried fish) to take home for our cats!This park is BYOB and there are other trailers etc in the immediate area which is nice if you are dining with non ball lovers, or want to try a variety of food.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,6/19/2011,168,161,8,11,11>Best leftovers ever: looking forward to going back!We had to order a lot of food to use the coupon we had ($50 minimum), so the table was a wonderland of a mixed grill, a basket of crisp, moist onion kucha, lamb korma, and saag paneer, every bite more delicious than the last. Despite our coupon being for dine-in, they were flexible, giving us boxes and allowing us to order part of the meal to-go: rice pudding for her and an extra-spicy vindaloo I just put down, leaving me a little dizzy. Some rice pudding would be perfect right now. We will definitely be back.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,6/18/2011,144,274,4,8,5>So you'll eat something called 'sesame balls,' but you're not interested in chicken feet? This is the dining experience for you. My momma raised me on REAL (read: dirrrrrty, if you wish) dim sum that you had to drive way out to West Houston to get. The kind of dim sum where waiters - who usually do not speak English - roll carts around the restaurant, and you have to point at what you want and hope for the best. The kind where you're sometimes served chicken feet, and you have to be polite and try some. Get Sum is decidedly NOT that kind of Dim Sum, but for once in my life of harping on about inauthentic food experiences, I don't mind at all. The set up is as follows: you go up to the front, pick up a laminated menu, and mark your choices in dry-erase marker. You take this to the cashier, who adds it all up for you, then you pay. The order goes in, you find a place to sit, and your food is brought out to you. It's pretty minimal service, but I didn't mind, as this is probably what keeps prices down. I will admit, I over-ordered...but this is nothing new. A great man once said, "LAY OFF ME, I'm STARVING!" Get Sum has a wide variety of dumplings, and i have to say I thought they were all pretty good. I would describe them as being "in the Chinese fashion," but they're still pretty Americanized. However, the restaurant also does traditional Dim Sum dishes more or less as they are in other dim sum restaurants. I was quite happy with my (law mai gai) sticky rice in lotus leaf, my egg custard tart, my (char siu) bbq pork bao, and the aforementioned sesame balls. They also have things that I haven't had at other dim sum places, like shrimp-stuffed eggplant, which were very good. Everything tastes very fresh, which is perhaps the benefit of all these dishes not being rolled around on carts for half an hour, plus you can pick exactly what you want without worrying about accidentally ordering chicken feet. They also have steam tables up front with a variety of "main dish" options, if any dining partners are not interested in dim sum. And if they're not, scorn them. The prices are decent, certainly in line with other dim sum I've seen around town, and everything seems to be made with better ingredients. You can get the combos, which are more cost effective, but because I was "so hungry,"  and also introducing a friend to the wonders of dim sum, I went the a la carte route and ended up spending about $15 for lunch. So next time I'll probs get the combos.The atmosphere is a little chain restaurant-ish, but that's perfectly fine for what I see as mainly a lunch time spot. I also love that it's dim sum time ALL the time here, because sometimes I get random cravings outside of the traditional saturday/sunday brunch dim sum schedule. So...authentic? Not exactly. But Get Sum offers a non-threatening intro to what can be one of the tastiest cuisines ever, and they do a damn good job.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,6/17/2011,739,709,37,30,29>I went in here armed with Yelp knowledge.  When I found out we were having a Cinco de Mayo potluck at work, I came up with the brilliant plan to bring in some Churros.  I've never had a churro but had a vague idea of what they were and this seemed like the perfect occasion to try them.  Ater doing a little Yelpsearch I discovered this place was on my way to work.  Perfecto!I walked in confidently, knowing that I was to grab a silver tray and tongs and just help myself....and there they were!  The tray and tongs off to the left.  Now.  Just browse thru the multitude of pastries.....umm...err...and this is what I saw:wrechklhdsalfulkfflkhalfhdlojdlkjeolliuempanadasuellzjpudfjeluoljsojgnneoccuojlasjiojochurrosjeljoeijnalndfojothingamajigio con jambon y quesoejowurlejljdfourrosetcObviously my Yelp knowledge fell desperately short of a full immersion Spanish language tutorial.  It might as well have been in Dothraki. So, I just first grabbed about 10 churros and then some empanadas, and the thing with ham and cheese and a couple of other interesting looking pastries.  All of this seemed to weigh 5 lbs as I sheepishly handed the tray to the cashier.  $12.50!!  That cost less than trying to make guacamole (avocados ain't cheap!)!After smelling the mouth watering aroma of El Regio's grilling chicken from across the street as I walked to my car (I actually drove out with the windows down to experience that longer), I decided to sample on my way to work.  Lemme just warn you something.  The ham and cheese pastry thingiemajigio was so flakey, I will be finding crumbs in my console 3 years from now.  Oh, and it wasn't ham and cheese.  It was shredded spicy chicken.  Still delish but verrry bready.  Not enough filling for me, regardless of what the filling was.  Alot of the racks, I was finding out, were mis-labelled.Next warning:  Do not sneak a churro if you are wearing all black.  I walked into work lookin like I'd been fairy dusted at Carnaval.  The Churro that I took a bite of had the dulce de leche filling, but later on I found some that had more of a vanilla cream filling.  I definitely prefer my churros with cream filling, no surprise.  Again, there was no labelling on the racks so no way of knowing which churro is which.  All I can attest to, is the churros were quickly consumed (we cut them into quarters so easy to grab and to tell which filling was inside) but some of the other pastries were left over.  Apparently I'm not the only Spanish pastry novice.  I have been trying for years to get my job to pay for a medical Spanish course.  Maybe I shoulda been pushin for Spanish Bakery  Espanol instead.  I will be back to try the tacos or tortas....OR!  another brilliant idea:  Pollo Regio chicken and Chuy pastries...the perfecto combo!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,6/16/2011,989,456,41,20,34>1 Now Tiff's Treats was more crafty than any of the restaurants the LORD God had made. He said to Nathan, "Did God really say, 'You must not eat from any of the bakeries in the city'?" 2 Nathan said to Tiff's Treats, "We may eat the fruits and vegetables from the Whole Foods in the city,  3 but God did say, 'You must not eat the goods from the bakery that is in the middle of West Campus; and you must not touch it, or you will get fat and die.'" 4 "You will most certainly NOT die," Tiff's Treats said to Nathan.  5 "For God knows that when you eat from it, your tastebuds will be opened, and you will be like God, with the ability to partake of any food you desire." 6 When Nathan saw and smelled that the brownies of the bakery were good for food, and pleasing to the taste, and also desirable for an 8 o' clock dessert, he gave $3.89 to the college kid behind the counter and ate two warm, luscious, chocolate-chip brownies."Thus ends the lesson of the Great Dietary Fall.Amen.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,6/14/2011,162,97,37,14,17>I am secretly hoping that Sue will read this review and be so moved by my poetic justice that she will have to marry me and thereby make me food at all given moments of the day, until I cannot move and need to be taken out of my house Nip/Tuck styleMy thoughts on this establishment are bold:This isA) The best sandwich shop in AustinB) The best vegan/vegetarian food in AustinC) The best place to drag your carnivorous BF if you are a vegan hipsterD) My top 3 if not number one favorite place to eat in AustinI would likely dawn a 300 style wardrobe and fight the Persians if it meant saving this place from ever closing downLuckily I don't have to start making a giant shield that weights more than my car, because this place is here to stayHighlight Reel:The melt in your mouth goodness of the Philly seitan will make you forget all about that dumb rivalry back EastThe jackfruit bbq will tantalize your taste buds with its sweet and tangy deliciousnessThe donut holes will make you forget all about Krispy and that place up north that serves donuts the size of a small babyThe weekly specials like the cold cut sandwich will blow your mind more than the first time you saw the Matrix and began to fantasize about taking the red pillThis place is that damn goodRun, don't walk, and head there immediately if you have not experienced the pure sex-taste-ual glory that is Counter CultureProposing to SueGabriel
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,6/13/2011,4221,482,7,18,16>There are many searches one goes through in life.  The search for true love, the search for a career, the search for happiness.  Then there's the search for the perfect bagel.  This past weekend Wholy Bagel has fulfilled my prophecy in finding that perfect, crispy, chewy, flavorful bagel that I have been looking for in the past 11 years here in Austin.  Growing up in the Midwest and living briefly in NYC, bagels and cream cheese are a way of life much like breakfast tacos are in TX.  They're portable and great any time of the day.  In Austin I've had to resort to HEB's bagels (ok), and Einstiens (better), but none of them lived up to my bagel expectations.  I came across Wholy Bagel on Yelp and bookmarked a while back.  Finally - early Saturday afternoon near William Cannon, I'm hungry and I look to Yelp to guide me when I make the Wholy Bagel connection.  I called them up to ask for directions, turns out they were closing in 10 minutes (NOOO!).  The girl was so nice - - she gave me directions and said not to worry - - just get there when I can and they'll likely be around, my order will depend on their inventory.  Speed Racer kicks into gear and I locate Wholy Bagel, in the same area as the Gold's Gym (where I should be going instead).  I walk in and notice all the NY Yankees memorabilia - and then I knew that this guy must know how to make bagels cuz he's from the right part of town.  The owner was there, he knew I was coming, he was so gracious and nice.  I got Salt, Asiago Cheese, Raisin, and Blueberry.  You'll need cream cheese so I checked out the selection, which was phenomenal.  So many choices!!  I got Garlic & Herb, Green Onion, and Lox - - which she mentioned was just made.  HOT DAMN!!I thank them and rushed to my car to give them a shot - - wow, Holy Moly, I'm finally in bagel heaven!!  It was such a nostalgic experience finally finding the perfect bage in Austin, crispy on the outside and chewy and flavorful on the inside.  The cream cheeses were superb, bursting with flavor, I recommend all 3 of mine, can't choose just one. I soon began to wonder - - when are they going to open a shop up north?!?  I promise I will be there EVERY DAMN DAY because these bagels ROCK!!!  Awesome, friendly, and courteous customer service and bagels the way they should be made - - all we need now is a franchise!!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,6/12/2011,766,303,14,29,20>This studio is about the whole entire experience and nothing but the whole entire experience. It's gorgeous and set up very, very well. Once class begins there are no interruptions - no students entering, no traffic, no odd lights, no odd sounds - nothing to come between you and your peaceful utopia. Instead of the class being in the typical rows, it is more of a large semicircle around the instructor. I love this because you can see the poses much better and you have a safer feeling of being less in front of everyone or packed together. From candles to Buddha statues, to the richly painted walls, to the perfect lighting that changes throughout class, right on down to the edgy Zen music that captures the moment accordingly - Dharma Yoga does not miss a single thing. Keith is incredible. He has a gift and no one has to tell me he is of the true Buddhist nature; he has an energy that one way or another will touch you. When he teaches class it almost feels like a fun and playful monastery - a physically challenging one though!  He even has an incredibly affective voice when he chants.  He makes chanting a comfort zone even if you normally think it's only for the crazies. When you leave you feel nothing less than a total recharge of sumptuous and intense uplifting karma. Some for you and some to share ...
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,6/11/2011,133,246,7,5,9>After seeing them parked outside my work for weeks, I finally got up to courage to get up and ask her out on a date.. I mean order tacos.  My heart flew when she said yes and presented me with delicious and well priced pair of tacos filled with tummy warming Korean spices and meats.   When I work up the courage I'm even going to take this farther, yes I will order the fries and maybe even a hot dog... but I'm nervous.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,6/10/2011,26,87,7,13,13>I'll start off with a tip... If you can wait to go until Sunday at noon then do so.  It's right when they open so - No crowds, no waiting.  After going here and having a Milk & Honey pedicure, I am going here and here alone for my pedicures from now on.  I had no idea that such luxury could exist in that crazy shopping center. I'm normally not impressed by decor but I couldn't help but notice the blown glass, iron art and enormous fish tank.  This place looked and felt luxurious as opposed to the cheesy opulence that has been popping up all over town.  The bars in front where they do manicures are very cool to me and their massage chairs for pedicures are probably the best available.Yes, I paid a pretty penny for the pedicure but it was worth it - $60 for a milk & honey bath, sugar scrub, clay mask and paraffin treatment added to the regular deluxe pedicure.  However, it was a real treat and my toesies look fantastic.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/9/2011,571,42,7,12,8>Shakespeare is generally better suited for translators than for actors. I very, very rarely attend Shakespearean productions, simply because, in the words of the Barenaked Ladies: "It's all been done."& I could be wrong about Austin Shakespeare. Having only seen their performances of Ayn Rand's "The Anthem" & George Bernard Shaw's "Man & Superman," I've not yet been exposed to their Shakespeare. But those two productions matched each other in clarity, humor, beauty, intrigue & enthusiasm. They've become one of the very few theatrical companies in Austin which I will not second-guess attending.Let's put it this way: If my father were murdered & my partner insane, but Austin Shakespeare was presenting "Hamlet" that night, I'd still attend.Yes. They're that good.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,6/8/2011,148,257,7,12,7>i've been driving past this place with the large sign outside for quite some time and really wanted to check it out. So we braved the wind last week for a late night snack. my boyfriend and i had live oaks, which are on tap, and ordered a few small plates. unfortunately they were out of the cheese we wanted.we got the charcuterie board, pomme frites with truffle aioli/homemade ketchup, and crab cakes. the charcuterie board was really good; it came with cured salami, pate, cheek to cheek, and one other meat i couldn't recall, but we devoured all of it. there was a nice dijon mustard and dried fruit jam on the side that pair nicely and was served with crunchy, thin pieces of ciabatta bread. the crab cakes came with 3 and a mango buttery sauce. they were really good, crispy on the outside and great flavor, but were kind of small. the pomme frites were really good and crunchy with great flavor, although i didn't care much for the aioli or house ketchup.our server was nice, attentive, and had great recommendations. i love the decor, from the walls to the lighting. it's funky contemporary, but not too pretentious. i'd definitely come again with a small group for appys and drinks!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,6/7/2011,150,124,8,10,11>It had not been the destination of choice, but with the line out the door next door, 20 minute wait to find out there was a 30 minute wait still to go, and with a hungry child amongst us, this seemed like the smart choice. Smart indeed. Let me just sum it up for you with these two very tasty, lip smacking, mouth watering words: GREEN CURRY!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,6/6/2011,201,104,21,10,12>Their brisket is life-changing. Upon telling someone this, they asked, "What if you want your life to stay the same?" Well, then don't put your mouth around Franklin's brisket sandwich. Smothered in their espresso barbecue sauce, you'll be in heaven. I've heard people complain about the line, but it honestly doesn't bother me considering what's at the end. I've waited 45 minutes both times I've been there and it's more than worth it.And, their staff is awesome too. The owner, Aaron, always says hello - even today, when he'd just gotten meat juice in his eye. But, I digress...Go to Franklin's. Now. Run!...........Oh no! Wait. I forgot to mention the pies. The pies (key lime and banana bourbon) are so amazing that I took one back to the office & put it in the fridge with a note that says, "If you eat this, I will kick your puppy. Twice. Love, Shelly."
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,6/5/2011,474,618,6,14,9>I went to Walton's expecting just to have a cappuccino and a plain croissant, my brunch meal of choice these days, but I ended up discovering what is now one of my favorite sandwiches in Austin, the Turkey Sweet. Piles of turkey on a super buttery and flaky croissant with bacon, cheddar cheese, caramelized onions and apples. Oh so heavenly!I really, really wanted the Monte Cristo. The pictures look delicious and on this cold morning a deep fried sandwich served with jelly was almost irresistible to me. Almost. Then I thought about all the money I just spent on pilates classes and decided not to totally ruin it by eating a Monte Cristo. But one day when I feel like ingesting more calories than I should I will be back for it!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,6/4/2011,431,381,33,11,25>O beautiful for spacious taps,For amber waves of beer.For girdle-fitting apathy,Among the wondrous cheer.The Ginger Man, The Ginger Man,God shed his grace on ale.And barf thy good on neighborhood,From john to shining pail.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/3/2011,704,840,33,26,26>Server:  Hi.  Back again?Me: We've never been here.Server:  Weren't you here last night?  In this booth?Me: No.Server:  I could swear that you (me) were sitting over there and you (hubby) were sitting in the same place last night.Me:  No.  I was there (where he pointed) 5 minutes ago but I moved over here after you brought us our menus.Server:  Oh God.  I need a day off.Even though our server was over worked and thought 5 minutes was 24 hours, he was perfect.  His recommendations worked out great and he delivered our food with personality and style.  Our drinks were always full and whatever we needed came quickly.  Cover 3 is a plush sports bar with high end finishes and decor. Everywhere you look there is a television but we were there for the food.  We started with the "Triple", an appetizer which includes guacamole, white queso and garlic salsa.  The chips were fantastic triangles of flavor and I could not stop eating the guac which came with a sprinkling of pepitas and queso fresca on top.  Our white queso was the perfect thickness combined with  bits of lovely tomato, onion and peppers.  And, let me tell you, that garlic salsa literally did the Merengue in my mouth.Our entrees were as good as the appetizers but the generous portions forced us to take some of our meals home.  Hubby had the Mahi Mahi tacos which he proclaimed to be the best he had eaten in a long time.  I chose a flavorsome plate of Chicken Tinga Nachos with pepper jack, poblano peppers, black beans and avocado.  It was all I could do to eat half.As we paid the bill, our server said, "Hey, I just want you to know, I'm taking off tomorrow."  I told him that was great and thought to myself, as I waddled out the door, that I might need a day off just to digest everything.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,6/2/2011,379,403,21,29,26>I am a regular of I Luv Video right next door. And I have noticed this little theater previously but to be completely honest I thought this was a place where you go watch live porn. Something about the way "Live" is written outside the building and being next to a video store just had my mind in the gutter. I even asked a friend who lives around that area also about it, and he said he thought it was a porno place too. So its not just me! With that being said I think I just found my new favorite FREE thing to do on a Wednesday evening. And no, its not watching free porn. Or is it?Don't expect to enter a fancy venue Don't expect to find a barDon't expect ample seatingExpect to be welcomed by the Coldtowne guysExpect a small, intimate settingExpect to laugh your ass offExpect to hear footsteps from people walking above you (I Luv Video)This place blew me away. I wasn't expecting to laugh as hard as I did because I am very picky about comedy. They don't just have live comedy, they also offer improv classes. Free intro to improv classes too. Just think...you could be a total natural at improv and not even know it. I would never be any good at this but I can appreciate and enjoy it. They offer shows just about every single night (multiple free ones too) and the max you are going to pay to see multiple acts on one night is $5. They are currently fund raising for a new space that is bigger & better than their current little cozy basement.I saw two troupes.  At the end, the ColdTowne guys did some improv after the 1st two acts. Think of a topic, because they want your suggestions. These 3 guys were my favorite. It might have been because the topic was "A porn star's relationship with their parents." Laugh out loud worthy the entire time. Main suggestion would be to get here early because this place seats about 30 people comfortably, after that well...I wish you luck. Oh and its BYO-mother-effin -B!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,5/31/2011,495,689,30,38,36>I was reading my list of Austin restaurants that I've rated five-stars, and I noticed with the exception of Fogo de Chao and Uchiko, my favorite ones pretty much seem to be small Mom-and-Pop places in strip malls. I'm not sure if this is some kind of unique Austin phenomenon, or I'm just one of those closet romantics rooting for the underdog. It does occur to me I should really stop shying away from all the hugging you can get at Yelp events. So Milano Café is a small Mom-and-Pop place in a strip mall; you order and pay at the counter, they bring you your food, but the difference here is they keep an eye on you without you noticing it, until you take your first bite and remark something like, "Holy Pecorino." And then they go about their business. I'm pretty sure they're aware they do great Italian here, and they're just waiting to see if you'll know it too. I did a forkful of my Carbonara and seriously had to stop listening to my companions for a moment so I could focus on my food - I couldn't see or detect any hint of a roux-type base, or even the usual cup of half-and-half that's passed off as standard Italian sauce fare. I started sucking up this pasta like a fission-powered Dyson machine, and I believe I may have grunted something like, "Uh, Holy Pecorino." Incidentally, if I'm eating at the speed of light around you, I'm not trying to be rude, I'm just being amazed. I did enjoy our Capreze app, a sausage sample from the colorful "Italian Flag" entrée, and a taste of an off-the-menu Chicken Marsala, but I think they paled to my freshly-made pasta with Carbonara - some really remarkable stuff here. The frosting on the cake was literally the frosting on the cake - two slices of Italian Cream presented to us by Sammy the owner. And afterward, as we were sitting outside with him smoking cigs and talking about kids, military citations, and the IRS, I started thinking that sometimes, small Mom-and-Pop places in strip malls can really be as good as it gets.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,5/30/2011,79,81,4,12,11>In the battle of the gastropubs, Haddington's is the more accessible, less expensive, and, at times, less interesting Barley Swine.  And that's not to say that they're all that similar, just that I've heard the comparison more than once.  Moreover, that's not to say that accessibility and affordability are bad things.I have lots of friends who won't touch a sweetbread or a trotter, but plenty who might venture out for a Moscow Mule or a foie sausage.  And sometimes lunch is easier than dinner (and Barley Swine doesn't do lunch).  If I were to expand the category to include all of the new shining lights of downtown, Haddington's would win on price point every time.  Also, the food's good.  Not mind-blowing (remember, accessible), but solid, and potentially accommodating for a broad spectrum of age groups and palates.  Trout, burgers, what have you, crafted with more care than most places.  And friendly service, as well as interesting, creative, and often exceptional drinks.I'll be back, and honestly, I'll be more likely to bring my non-foodie friends here than more, umm, adventurous places, but I'll still be happy, and so will they.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,5/29/2011,324,543,10,17,14>Stinky dogs, stagnant water and slippery rocks. I love it. Whether this park's worth visiting depends a good bit on whether the water level's decent. I suppose if you were interested in swimming, a high water level would be great. But if you're more interested in walking (I am), the recent drought has been beneficial!I've been coming here for years and I still manage to get lost most of the time. I like that.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,5/28/2011,151,285,6,7,8>This place looks more like Your Crazy Uncle's Burger Bar than your Mom's place. There really isn't much to it. The front bar area has 3 stools crammed into the entry way. This also happens to be where you order your food.   The main seating area is a converted patio with a few tables.  That's about all there is to this place...Don't come here if you are starving and need food quickly. Manny, Moe and Larry will make you a delicious burger, but it will take some serious time. Make sure to check your order carefully once it arrives - we sat at the bar and watched screw up after screw up.   The guys who work here are really nice, but they seemed to really be having some issues...The run of the mill cheeseburger was good but nothing stellar. Taste was somewhat bland overall.  The Marie Laveau was other worldly though. Incredible seasoning (blackened, but not overdone) and stuffed with boudin and cheese - literally a taste explosion in your mouth. I'm guessing that the more exotic burgers are the way to go here. Fries were good, onion rings were really good. Definitely an unusual place but worth a visit. They are apparently opening a new location on Burnet and 49th in the near future, complete with draft beer, patio, etc.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,5/27/2011,310,185,18,18,15>This ain't no Home Depot.Most people who think they dream of running a pub have never really contemplated the glamorous side of the dream, wrestling with a recalcitrant leaky chrome pipe in the ladies' loo, separating it from the commode where it has been attached and nearly calcified since 2000 and taking said piece (with its weird couplings, slip joint unions and all manner of weird rubber gasket thingys and vacuum breakers therein) off in search of a new one.Enter Crump.I brandished the thing like a plumber's light saber at the tee-shirted gent behind the counter, who eyed it cautiously then paused only long enough to spit a little tobacco juice into a cup before saying "Yeah I have that."Just like that.  No tour guide to aisle 27b, no packing a lunch as I traverse a store the size of Rhode Island trying to find something that looks like the broken thing in my hand.  Just nice tobacco juice guy disappearing into the store for a minute and coming back with just the thing I needed, and one other thing I'd probably need to make the fix.Done and done.  In and out in less time than it would take to park at Home Depot.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,5/26/2011,89,252,6,10,9>It takes a lot for me to hand out five stars on the first try. I don't just hand out stars willy-nilly. It all started when we (Hot Boyfriend and I) walked in. We'd done some yelping before going. I wanted a place with real, hot breakfast and decent coffee where we could sit and be waited on, but also read books for awhile without feeling like we were being subtly shooed away. Yelpers directed us to Cafe Java, and we walked into a packed restaurant. An older man (the owner?) signed us in, made conversation about my name (apparently his last name is my first name), and sat us pretty quickly. Hot Boyfriend ordered a large cappuccino and I opted for the more basic cafe au lait, medium. Guys, these are not Starbucks sizes. HB's "large" was practically a beer stein, and my "medium" was anything but. This coffee was also delicious. I like my coffee with lots and lots of sugar, to cover up the bitterness so common in coffee. Through an accident of fate, however (I stirred my first two teaspoons of sugar too vigorously, made a huge damn mess, and had to sip the coffee down), I discovered that this coffee was almost entirely lacking in the "natural bitterness" I associate with coffee, and this 20 oz. "medium" beverage didn't need more than my two teaspoons... which I usually put into my 6 oz. morning cup. In fact, I'd made my cafe au lait a little *too* sweet. Huzzah! (HB was also impressed with his cappuccino.)We finally ordered breakfast: French toast with bacon for me, and steak and eggs for him. The French toast was standard, but the sourdough toast that came with HB's breakfast was awesome. Cooked on the griddle in butter on one side, it had that gentle, melting crispness to it that is so rare in Austin diners for me. Too frequently, "toast" is a dry, warm-ish, unbuttered shingle served with hard, cold, un-spreadable butter in a plastic box. This toast was toast. Warm, buttery, soft and crisp, and needing no jam. HB thoroughly enjoyed his steak and eggs, as well. But for me, it's all about the little things. The service was perky, friendly, prompt, and unassuming. The check came when we asked for it, quickly and not before, and was settled promptly. A thoroughly enjoyable Saturday morning experience.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,5/25/2011,392,147,23,23,22>Although I've been accused of reading too much into labels, it's telling that F&D's menu items are labeled "bites" and "chomps".  Question: How many bites and chomps does it take to satisfy a non-emaciated, adult man?  I'm not--I swear to god--being clever and secretly talking about Andre the Giant or Kobayashi.  I'm talking about a normal adult man, not a gaunt or fat or small or huge or sick or coming down from a juice fast man, just a normal guy (if there is such a thing)^@.Answer: More than one of each.I admit, the "bites" and "chomps" are--judged as pieces of food--glorious and ambrosial.  The Wagyu Steak is an achievement in flavor and a yin-yang harmony of firm-tender/light-dark/sharp-soft.  It would take a conceited gourmet with the tongue of an eagle and the discernment of Socrates to find fault with this food, judged by quality per se.But a meal is, I think, more than the sum of its bites (or chomps or whatever the hell).  So, the main point I'm trying to make is that while these are delicious plates of food, if you want to eat until satiated, be prepared to throw down some serious coin.*^ Which obviously there isn't, but I hope you know what I mean.@ I'm not talking about a woman, since I'm not one, so I can't write from the perspective of one (except in a fictional or imaginative sense).* Question: Which is more ridiculous: making up footnote symbols to footnote a restaurant review or creating a billion-dollar review site that doesn't let its members footnote their reviews?  The answer is exceedingly clear to me.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/24/2011,224,413,8,11,10>Salt Lick Cellars is my new BFF. I am getting married in a week at Chapel Dulcinea  and decided to drive out to the chapel this afternoon and check on a couple last minute things. Sal Lick is a hop and a skip away so we decided to stop there for lunch. We drove up and saw a sign for wine tasting. We walked in and sat at the bar where I asked to do the 5 tastings for 5 bucks. A pretty darn good deal at that. The lovely and sweet Jennifer poured 3 whites 1 red and a sparkling. You have about 30 choices. The BBQ white would be perfect to take next door for some brisket. We ended up chatting with Jennifer and perhaps one of the owners and told them we were being married down the road next week. He bagged up a bottle of BBQ and handed it to us and said congratulations. What a sweet treat. I also walked a way with a bottle of their sparkling to add to the collection of bubbles for our reception. Next week my 83 year old Mom flies in from San Francisco. Guess where we are going to get our buzz on before eating brisket?    Bringing your own to the Salt Lick just got a lot easier. See ya next week BFF.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,5/23/2011,296,536,8,14,13>Loud, crowded and a meat market last Friday night. Definitely a great for singles to see and been seen.  Drinks are decent. Food is quite good for a bar and portions are huge. The drawback----I feel like the whole happy hour is a scam. Here is the reason, it goes til 9 and all the bar tables (in the bar area) are considered dining tables, which means that you have to be waitlisted (45 mins) to get a bar table at the bar. What was on happy hour special was a bit confusing. My slider burger sampler (was not on happy hour prices, because it is happy hour prices all the time WTF?) We decided not to wait, so we ordered directly from the bartender and used the railing to put our plates on. The food came quickly and the bartenders were very efficient.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,5/22/2011,272,389,27,17,13>Waitress: Que le gustaria?Me: Huh?Friend: What do you want?Me: Oh, Tapatia burrito with chicken please.Waitress: Verde o roja?Me: Huh?Friend: Haha, green or red?Me: Huh?Waitress: Salsa? Verde o roja?Me: Oh! I guess red...oh, wait. Roja! (grinning proudly)Waitress: (something indiscernible) Haha...Friend: (responds with something indiscernible) Hahaha...   (both look at me)Waitress and friend: Hahaha...Me: F you both.Aside from my obvious lack of foreign language skills, I really enjoyed my food here. It's nothing fancy, but still has that mom and pop charm. My burrito with SALSA ROJA arrived with a green sauce. I thought roja meant red. Oh well...It was stuffed full of delicious grilled chicken, fresh crisp lettuce, and creamy avocados. It was smothered in melted cheese and the green red sauce. Served with a side of surprisingly moist rice and beans, this dish rang in at under 7$ and could have easily fed two peeps.I've always wanted to try this place. It's next door to the cheapo movies and I've been curious. My companion joined me for a movie and suggested a bite before the flick. It turns out, he's a fan of La Tapatia. As it turns out, so am I. Next step...Spanish classes at ACC, so I can understand what the hell is going on.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,5/21/2011,154,152,12,12,11>So Ive heard Ive read the reviews, and although it was my first time I thought I knew what to expect from this place. But like someone smarter than me once said "you have to live it to know it." So true. So here is my run down of my Monday Karaoke experience at DK's. We enter, the place is already packed, it doesn't take a lot to pack the place because it is tiny but as the night progressed this place impressed me with how many drunken bodies it actually can hold. We order some dumplings and tempura to get started, it was good the veggies could have used some salt but good. We got the Mike roll, the naked dragon roll, the 69 roll, and some other sexually-named roll that I cant remember. All of the rolls were good, the dragon roll being my favorite, it was fresh and spicy with eel and tuna, yum! About the time we were finishing up dinner out comes DK, and wow, what came out of his mouth for the rest of the night had me blushing and laughing simultaneously. He first welcomes everyone one, especially the ladies, "Men don't worry, I wont let anyone touch your women... oh except me, I get full access!" DK picks the designated drunk who must take a Saki bomb shot after every song sung. There was a group of folks there celebrating a friends divorce... pass the bottle of Saki around. It was some body's birthday the next day... pass the bottle of Saki around. When DK came to our table and found we didn't have any glasses for the Saki, "who cares, this is holy water! open up your mouth!" And Saki get directly poured in our mouths. In between smoke breaks people sang karaoke, yours truly still not brave enough, even after DK bit my ear. Mondays here are raunchy, loud, and fun.Thanks for the great time DK, we will see you next Monday.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/20/2011,235,378,21,22,21>I had no idea where we were going, but this was a man on a mission.  A mission to make me happy.  I am not interested.  Why do I have to be so cantankerous sometimes?  As we pull up, I try to check in on Yelp, but it's not there.  "What kind of place is this?" I demand grumpily.  "It's not even on Yelp," I pout. "It's new. And look, next time we can bring Penelope.  Its dog friendly," he says sweetly, knowing I love trying new places almost as much as I love Penelope.    I can tell he wants to please me, but I'm having none of it, so I scowl.  As we're walking up, I feel a creepy crawly feeling on my back and I shriek, "THERE IS A BUG ON ME!!!! GET THE BUG OFF OF ME!!!!"He swats it away, "It's gone now, its okay," he says soothingly.  "I can't believe you just let that bug land on me," trying to put the blame on him though I know I'm being unreasonable.He says nothing.  He handles my ornery disposition well. "Grrr..., there is no place to sit," I snarl.  It was packed."We'll find something," he says reassuringly.I reply with a surly "Hrmph", and my scowl deepens. We stand around for a few minutes searching for a table.  I'm still cranky, though I have to admit the atmosphere is rather pleasant.  Nice patio, with dogs, kids, and people drinking wine.  He notices a couple closing their tab, and as soon as they're gone, we snag their table.  We order drinks and a couple minutes later some food.  My mood is improving by the minute, and Moscow Mule cocktail is refreshing.  Our food arrives shortly, and I mellow out a little more.  I had the daily house made sausage with fresh sauerkraut, and he had a burger.  I didn't try the burger, but he did give me one of the pickles, which, like the sauerkraut, was fresh and crisp.  We share some beets, and I relaxed further with a glass of the house white.  I smile.  I ask about his day.  The tension is dissolving.  I ask the waiter how long they've been open, and he tells me they aren't actually open yet-this is their training week.  Wow, he was right, this is really new!  The atmosphere was great, the food was fresh and delicious, the cocktails were good, and the service was attentive.  And he, with the help of Contigo, was able to turn my raging bad mood into a lovely evening.  I will be nicer to him, I promise.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,5/19/2011,103,112,21,8,15>I've been PRESENT PROGRESSIVE VERB The Mohawk for some time now, and I have noticed a serious lack of DERROGATORY TERM FOR COLLEGE MALES but this place has a diversity of clientele ranging from "_______" to VARIANT OF SCENESTER.  They have some POSITIVE ADJECTIVE, up and coming _____ bands like ______ play on the reg, and some visits from (OTHER STATE/COUNTRY)'s (HIGHLY UNDERRATED BAND) _______.  Regardless, chances are if they're playing Mohwak...it's POSITIVE ADJECTIVE.  The upper balcony makes for a SENSUALLY EVOCATIVE ADJECTIVE atmosphere.   If you have the chance to attend PROMOTIONAL EVENT I.E. FREE BOOZE here I, #WILL KICK YOU IN THE ASS IF YOU DONT#  Even if you run out/run low on CURRENCY/DRINK TICKETS, the bar still has you covered with their "package deals" featuring well whiskey + cheap beer.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/18/2011,112,301,8,12,14>Did somebody mention fried food?!? Get out of my way, people and let me at it!On a warm, sunny weekday, a friend and I hungrily made our way to the Bits & Druthers trailer.  We both ordered the $9 fish supper: a large piece of fish, fries, tartar sauce, wedge of lemon, cornichon pickle and a side of homemade cole slaw.  We waited a little while but I didn't mind, as I could smell our food being prepared.  When our order was ready, my friend was handed two giant paper cones, with the explanation that the paper was to be used as a place mat.There are few pleasures in life better than experiencing all this fried goodness emerging out of its wrapping.  The smell alone was heaven.  This was followed by the pleasant shock of seeing a foot-long piece of lovely battered fish tumble out, followed by golden potatoes with large bits of sea salt still visibly clinging to them.  All were hot, crispy and delicious.  The cole slaw, mixed with a mustard vinaigrette and topped with sliced radishes, was also very good.  A tasty lunch!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,5/17/2011,304,440,16,14,16>Oink! Oh dear heaven above... thanks for the diet destroying gift of Pig Vicious! Pig Vicious popped my trailer cherry. They are always going to have a really special place in my heart. I ordered the "The Mescaline High Hat". Ohmygosh. YUM! Cheese, bacon, avocado, bacon, some bacon. Oh, right, peppers too... but bacon! I can tell you it was fantastic. It was dark out so I could drool as much as I wanted too. Props to the staff in their adorable trailer. I want to move in! Complete with doggy bags and a bowl for your dog this trailer is heaven on wheels. Make sure you BYOB! Also, they are in the vicinity of the Starlite Drive In. Perfect date night anyone? I'm glad I drive a Tahoe so I can pretend I'm bringing people food in my truck while I secretly sample from all these fantastic trailers! Oink. Oink. Oink. --- side effects.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,5/15/2011,155,309,25,19,18>"Hi folks....I'm Ryan Secrest....and THIS....is Austin Trailer Idol."  *cue intro music*RS: "So quickly, after a tasting from Tenderland and their namesake Pork Tendlerloin sandwich,  let's check in with our Judges." RS: "Randy...what did you think about what Tenderland did today?" *points to Randy Jackson*Randy: "You know (addressing the artists)....Jeremy and Angela...I can remember way back in the IOWA auditions. You guys did OK....ya know..... And so on this show, we talk a lot about being consistent...week in and week out. So each week since the beginning, I see you guys delivering in each and every performance...You guys ARE consistently very good!""And so tonite, it started off a little pitchy for me at first, but in the end you all worked it OUT! *nom-nom* (Randy takes another bite from the big-as-a-pie-plate pork tenderloin sammy ($6.50)).    * Mom cheers*Randy; "Now, here you guys are here...in Austin...on the BIG STAGE....in the FINALS.....and for me, you all just KILLED IT! You SMASHED IT flat. DEEP fried it. For me, you really SOLD IT ...and with a smile...so WELL DONE, DAWG!"   *Crowd cheers/woots!* Ryan: "Jennifer, what did you think?"JLo: "Well, Jeremy and Angela, I just think that was a terriffic number. You all really showed what you had with this one (pointing to the small pork tenderloing sadnwich $5). I mean, it's crispy outside, moist and tender pork inside, seasoned just right.....and the FRIES....Oh MY...the fries were REALLY GOOD! This was just such a strong showing for you all today, you guys really put it out there and I think you did yourselves proud!"  *Crowd claps/cheers*JLo: "So I am hearing you guys are working on some new homemade stuff, like apple sauce, a spicy mustard, and maybe a slaw. For me, I think these will be great additions. They build on what you already have done, and I can't wait to see how these come out over the next few weeks!"  *Crowd claps/cheers*Ryan: "Steven Tyler?"   *motions to Steven*Steven: "I think for me, man, it was really the fact that you've taken an old standard tenderloin and just made it your own. The breading is light, the doneness is just right. This thing is better than a party at Joe Perry's house, ya know...that's SAYING SOMETHING."   *Crowd cheers*Steven continues; "I see your Mom is here THIS WEEKEND...in the trailer....helping out....and you know that people just LOVE Moms!"   "But that aside, you've created your own chipoltle mayo, the jalepeno cheese bun - both of these things just really set it off for me. I look forward to see more of this from the two of you.....so WAY TO GO! You guys are definitely a CONTENDER!"   *wipes mayo from his substantial lips, and claps towards Jeremy and Angela*Randy blurts out, "Ya know Steven, I have to agree with you...(now shouting) TENDERLAND IS IN THE HOUSE, AND THEY ARE IN IT TO WIN IT YALL..so get some, PEOPLE! GIT SOME! WOOT-WOOT!!!" * Randy now fist pumping- *Crowd cheers LOUDLY* Mom smiles ** fade to black**cue commercial*
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,5/14/2011,90,138,6,12,14>It's been ages since I've partaken of Ethiopian.  Delight.Tea, hot & cold, supreme.Meat appetizer, spicy, tasty goodness.Veggie sampler, wonderful, more than enough for the 2 of us.Baklava, light pastry, perfect light sweetness, nuttiness.Our server, great.This may just be my new favorite.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,5/13/2011,188,425,8,12,12>Brought to you by the super awesome folks at Mi Miadres - There is no finer experience than visiting a new restaurant and everything goes well.  Actually, to be honest, I was blown away by the food.  Let me elaborate on the greatness we experienced...The brunch selections offered on Saturday and Sunday may seem small to some, but it's about quality and not quantity.  I snapped a picture of the menu if you are interested in checking it out.  Between the 2 of us, we chose the Mexican chocolate waffles and the Sopes de Almuerzo - fried corn masa topped with scrambled eggs, refried beans, bacon, avocado and queso fresco.  The moment is arrived in front of my husband, I had a serious case of food envy.  After his first few bites, my envy increased to levels unknown.  Finally I was offered a taste.  Let me tell you - run quickly and try this dish out.  It was the perfect combination of flavors, all equally intense.  The sopes were fluffy, and did not leave you with a bloated, full feeling.  My waffles were insane.  Being a huge fan of Abuelita chocolate, this waffle was right up my alley.  The strawberries on top was the perfect addition to the spicy chocolate flavor.I wish we had more room to enjoy the entire dish of chilaquiles, which tasted outstanding.  My personal preference is to avoid all spicy sauces, but this tomatillo sauce was heaven.  Just the right amount of kick.During the course of brunch we sampled mimosas and the guava margarita.  Que bellissima!  A margarita to rival the avocado ones at Curra's.  We ended the meal with some pan dulce and was completely shocked that we weren't overstuffed.  We left promising ourselves to come back for happy hour, lunch, dinner and brunch.  This is a promise I plan on keeping.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,5/12/2011,209,219,13,14,12>Cozy and modern with a side of Austin quaint-ness, Barley Swine is the bees knees, or I guess a modern equivalent would be the Bieber's hair.  Maybe it was the super friendly and super clothing coordinated hostess and wait staff (all wearing plaid shirts, jean shorts and tights underneath...sign of the times or dress code?), maybe it was the even more coordinated cooks (all wearing primary colors**), maybe it was the fact that the bathroom was pumping Fascination Street by The Cure, or even the obligatory affluent-bachelor-type guy at the bar eating alone and reading Al Franken on a Friday night...OK that last one maybe not, but I was getting waves of good vibes from this place the moment we walked in...and by the way I'm not a vibes person at all.More importantly and substantially, this place had a great beer menu, and for someone who's caloric intake consists 2/3 of fermented substances, that was a truly awesome thing.  I can't recommend Allagash White enough.  It's a lady's beer, cause I 'm a lady.  Also check out the Old Chubb Scotch Ale, recommended by our kick-butt, all-red waitress (hair, clothes, probably aura). For food we hit up the reviewer faves of brussel sprouts, scallops, and rabbit stew.  The brussels were just as satisfying as previously mentioned.  As for the scallop dish, who would ever think of combining scallops with curry?  Answer: Awesome people do.  While the curry was a bit overpowering the taste combination was still a pleasant one, like getting your back scratched...by someone smelling of curry.  The rabbit stew was super rich and all sorts of salty wonderfulness and totally bumped rabbits up on my animal ranking order for cuteness and yum factor.  We also tried the short ribs w/ celery root.  Really fresh and new taste combination for me, which I loved.  The texture  of the short rib was a little chewy, but it was still a great dish.  Every dish was served in courses and presented beautifully.  Double snaps for making a second scallop dish for us when I went  to the ladies the first time they tried to serve it to us.  That's some crazy good service right there folks.  We finished the night with more libations and that ridiculously adorable chocolate mousse cup.  "Oh, look at me. I'm a mousse with a cute whip cream hat!  And that cookie? Oh that's just for panache, or macaroni, as you yanks call it." Seriously, that's what it was saying to me.  I wanted to take a picture of it and send it to Cute Overload.  Also, by sitting at the bar you get dinner and a show.  I would never in a million years have the balls, being a lady I never will (have balls), to have an open kitchen.  The Barley Swine-ers cook away in front of you, with an expediter calling out orders constantly. People say you can talk to the cooks, but seriously I didn't want to break their concentration.  Everyone staring at you hustle and bustle without the ability to make loud penis jokes.   That's some crazy pressure.   Double snaps for that! And for the yummy-ness, freshness and locally-sourced-ness of it all, this place is VERY reasonably priced.  I'm not saying I would pay more, cause I'm cheap, but in an alternate universe, I totally would say it.** The Bryce was wearing red like Heather Chandler...Corn Nutz
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,5/11/2011,88,115,23,15,27>What a lovely space.  I know it's repetetive from the past reviews, but it is the most striking feature of Lustre Pearl.Parking is poo, & you'll most likely either burn your last nerve looking for street parking, or give in to the pay parking across the street. While keeping that kitchy old Austin feel, they don't entrench themselves in the 6th street muck.  (Minus one star for the just plain silly 1980's frat-boy music.)There is a general feel of come one, come all.  It's a place for play dates for grown ups.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,5/10/2011,184,184,7,14,16>OMG so many amazing machines!  This place is jam packed with pinball goodness.  I am more of an obscure arcade connoisseur, but from what I can tell there are some choice pinball machines in here.  Machines from as far back as the 70's live happily next to the new machines tricked out with LED lights and screens.  There are also some regular arcade games, redemption games, and skeeball.Currently the machines all take quarters, but will eventually take tokens as well.  Most of the pinball games I played were 75 cents for 3 balls.  There is an ATM handily installed right next to the change machine.  To add to the nostalgic feel there are red plastic cups stacked on the change machine so it's easy to carry around all your quarters, and each machine has a cup holder installed on the side.  I also liked that the machines were all labeled with the year they came out.  There's even a little cafe with snacks and drinks.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,5/9/2011,160,142,7,13,9>Are you worth two dollars a day? I am. And I'm reminded of my worth every time I step foot inside Pure Austin Fitness. I absolutely ADORE this gym. The facilities are gorgeous, the amenities are really spectacular, and the staff is helpful and pleasant. I've been here at all times of the day and night and have never felt too crowded. The lake is so great. I've gone swimming, paddle boarding, kayaking, and walking around it, and just get a thrill every time. It's like having a personal playground a mile from my house. The classes are nice, I especially enjoyed the rock climbing class on Wednesday evenings. My fear of heights is nearly cured. If I was going to be extremely picky, I would only have 2 complaints: The lighting after dark is terrible. I'm all about saving the environment blah blah blah, but the florescent bulbs make it look like a Wal-Mart. The other issue is the spin class instructor is super yelly, and keeps the room doors open for all to hear, because apparently it gets too hot in there with them closed. It's not a huge deal, but just very intrusive if you're trying to work out nearby. If you know YOUR worth, come check out Pure Austin Fitness. I think you deserve it.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,5/8/2011,239,180,13,10,14>Let's face it, I have a little girl.  She's the only grandkid on my side (so far, but we have another in the oven) and it's not likely that she'll find herself with any cousins any time soon.  Possibly ever.  (Which is totally okay and if you're one of my sisters reading this I am SO not putting pressure on you!)  Anyways, her grandma LOVES to buy her crap.  Loves.  (You sisters know this for a fact.)  So, of course, when my mom tells me she wants to take the girl to Kid O Shoes, I'm like, oh, hi.  I'm coming with you. It's difficult for me to explain how I like to shop.  For one, I'm picky.  My aesthetics are, well, different.  Y'all, don't bother trying to pick anything out for me, 'cause it's just no use.  Seriously, I even told my babydaddy (who I am not married to) that if he ever wants to get married and buy me a ring to just give me a budget, but under no circumstances should he try and pick me out something like that.  Aside from being exceedingly fussy, I'm thrifty.  This is where the four and not five stars come in to the review.  I don't think that the store is overpriced, I would just be content to buy the shoes either used or online for a better deal.  I'm torn about whether or not to buy a toddler brand new shoes (even if it's grandma's cash- I've got principles).  Kid's going to be done with them in, you know, 5 minutes.  Add to this that they will be utterly thrashed.  There will be no hand-me-downs.  This means that buying her a pair of shoes that cost the same as a pair of MY shoes feels unnaturally, fiscally, retarded.  I just don't have it in me to pay that much for something so fleeting.  On the other hand, she's so hard on the darn things that there is a certain logic and appeal to investing in a pair that she can go berserk in.  I'll be frank.  She's going to stomp, run, fall, climb in them, and then probably even chew on them at some point just to see how the hell they taste.  Given that amount of bustle, one begins to reconsider being such a dang Scrooge after all.  I mean, I don't ask that much of my shoes... that cost the same amount...And so it is that if you're going to buy shoes for your kid that'll look good AND last, you better march your butt to some place like Kid O Shoes.  But maybe you really just feel like chancing it on Ebay (Will they fit? Will you win the bid?), or hoping for a better deal on some discarded shoes that someone else's toddler hardly wore from the resale store down the street (don't hold your breath, champ).  I'm basically talking to myself now.  I've done those things, and with marginal success.  I'm always going to be on the lookout for used shoes at those consignment stores I frequent, but I'm under no delusions that there will actually be any footwear there that I'll wanna put on my kid.  So I get it now.  And I still look at the sale rack first because, you know, I'm a penny-pincher, but all in all I really like this place.Lastly, did I mention these folks are local?  Owned by the amazing local toy store Terra Toys next door?  Yeah, I'm a sucker for all that, too.  They're not a giant chain out to sell, sell, sell, and they've got a great atmosphere for kidlets to play around and explore a little bit.  Not much worse than trying to shop for them, with them, whilst simultaneously running after them.  Trust me, it's practically impossible to shop for your child when they're with you unless the store has taken these sorts of things into account.  Take it from the tot, who, every time we pass by starts saying, "Kid O Shoes!  I wanna go!"
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,5/7/2011,381,228,5,6,8>Pecan crusted baked brie with honey and grapes. I could end my review right there. I seriously ate an entire thing of this. Oh and half off during happy hour? O.M.G.Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious.Their wine selection is also pretty spectacular. I'm more of a sparkling wine kind of girl (and they have SEVERAL options) but I've also been introduced to some other tasty white and reds here.The bar is typically pretty quiet but was also able to house a table of 15 of us the other night with no trouble. I don't have any complaints about this gentle little wine bar.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,5/6/2011,368,209,18,19,14>I had to take my skittish rescue kitty, Carlin, to be groomed (which I've never done for any cat but he had some major matted fur) and getting him to the groomer was half the battle. Did I mention? He's a fast little focker and watching me chase him around the house, well, just add some Benny Hill music and you'll get the idea.Very reluctantly, I finally decided to give him a kitty valium (mixed with tuna) but I didn't want to. Then I waited for it to kick in. This was at 9:15, I live a good 30 minutes from Groomingdale's and was supposed to drop him off by 10.Finally, I  was able to catch him, but only after he made the key mistake of trying to climb up his kitty condo tree and fortunately for me, got one of his claws stuck.  But oh, was he mad after I put him in his carrier and he was peeved at me the whole way to Groomindale's;I could feel him glaring at me from his carrier in the back seat.The nice lady at Groomingdale's (I never caught her name) said since this was his first time being groomed, she would just work on getting rid of the matted fur and not give him the full shave. So this is what she told me when I picked him up: "He's still a little wet because he's afraid of the hairdryer; but his nails are clipped, his mats are gone and his anal glands have been expressed. He started pooping on himself so I had to clean him again."  TMI. When we got home, he scurried his wet little self, as closely to the ground as possible to the guest bedroom, and is no doubt in deep hiding for the rest of the weekend.Best $48 I ever spent.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,5/5/2011,232,273,13,19,20>Always looking for local restaurant's to patronize in the neighborhood, I came across Mangieri's a while ago and am really happy that I did. This charming family owned restaurant is one of 2 or 3 Italian restaurants in deep South Austin which is great when you're looking for variety in the diet. Oh yeah, and if your on a diet, this restaurant is a great place to stay within those boundaries with a little splurge as they cater to the public's demand for healthier options. Wow, whole wheat thin crust pizza, with fresh veggies and homemade sauce makes me feel less guilty then ordering from a standard pizza chain. One of the instructors at my gym said that you don't have to be afraid of eating carbs as long as they are good carbs a.k.a whole wheat bread and fresh veggies as long as everything is unprocessed. Looks like Mangieri's is committed to fresh healthy initiatives with never frozen dough, veggies, and cheese. I have never been a fan of thin crust pizza until I had theirs because it's still soft and not crunchy like a sesame cracker. And yes while it's true that the pizza is very good, I actually branched out and tried one of their pasta dishes which you can substitute for whole wheat pasta for $1. It's worth it. Side note: if you like your pasta heavy on the sauce, like I do, you might want to ask for a small cup of additional sauce. OMG, their garlic cheese bread is superb. Good thing only 1 slice comes with the pasta as I could easily eat 3 or 4 slices of it by myself.Every time I've gone, the staff has always been super friendly and attentive. To me I think customer services solidify the dining experience over all, and I'm glad to see that the owner's have trained their staff to be professional.Mangieri's I'll definitely be back because I have 18 more pizzas to try on your menu!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/4/2011,134,321,9,16,15>We finally got to try this place, with so many 5 stars. Is it really that good, or are there a bunch of bogus reviews. It is that good. We went last week only to find them closed early due to a wedding. Well, the wedding was for one of the owners, David Sahagun, who also is part owner of the Screaming Goat.We took our time deciding what to order as the place was empty. After asking a bunch of questions about the veggie Burger, I went with the Bleu Cheese Bacon Beef burger.  The Veggie burger sounded like a Garden or Boca burger so I passed. BF ordered the Swiss Mushroom beef burger. The debate was whether we get the Curly Fries with Chili or Sweet Potato fries. The sweet Potato won.Got my cup to get a beverage and the Vanilla Crème soda was my choice. My weakness is Dr. Brown's crème soda which I can only find at NY Style deli. This was even better than Dr. Brown's. While we waited for the food to be deliveried to our table, we looked at the murel on the wall done by a local artist. There are also photographs for sale of local areas taken by another local artist.Rick, the other owner, transported our food to our table.  The burger is " thick and about 3.5 "in diameter.  The bun was nicely toasted. There were two thick and crispy bacon slices. I took a bite of the burger alone. It was meaty, properly seasoned, and moist (Although next time, I will request Medium rare). I added nothing to the burger: No, salt, pepper, Ketchup, or mustard. It didn't need it. There was just the right amount of Bleu cheese so it didn't overpower the burger. They put lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and pickles on the side to add if you wanted. BF put them on his burger but again I like it just as it was. BF enjoyed his burger saying the mushrooms were cooked right and the cheese didn't overwhelm the burger.  The Sweet Potato fries are heavenly. It was sweet and salty at the same time. We both couldn't stop eating them.While we were eating, Rick stopped by to see how we like it. Oh, yes, we like it. He asked why I didn't order the veggie burger so I told him I don't like the processed Veggie burger. We talked some more about homemade veggie burgers. He was going to see if they can make one instead of buying them. He also told me they are working on getting a liquor license to sell beer. That is at least a month away.So fellow Yelpers, you have got to go to help support a new local business that has great food and very reasonable prices.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,5/3/2011,146,505,13,10,10>For me, the best Americanized Indian food I could hope for. For my colleagues, not so much. As I headed north on I35 to Georgetown (which I like to call South Waco), like Pavlov's dogs I started smacking my chops, drooling on myself, and generally feeling peckish. As if transported from highway to byway, the car simply gravitated off toward Tarka. At first, I thought the Ikea gods were summoning me to get me some retail therapy. Then I realized, I was called for a higher purpose - Michi curry. Wringing my hands and thinking to myself, "feed me, feed me." I mustered up the sense to order the lamb michi curry. I have to admit; I was not focused. When the cashier asked me what number I wanted on my heat/spice, I said "3". Back story. When I lived in Dallas, I frequented a Thai restaurant that asked the same question. However, the hottest you could get was a number 5. Therefore, my previous training encouraged me to say, "3" every time. Translation - medium heat. So, not thinking of where I was (It was a siren's song, I tell you!), I said to the Tarka gal: 3. Off I went on my merry way to the theater where I am performing. Chowing down quickly is the name of the game when you have mics to check, costume to press, and make up to apply. So, show I did. Thinking I did not. About half way through the delicious meal, it occurred to me, "Man this is hot!" Then I realized I was in the company of about 30 other actors, some of whom I would come into close contact over the next 3 hours. So, I announced, "Sorry guys! I am eating my dinner and did not realize how hot I got it, so I am not making any promises tonight about my breath, or worse." A collective "Uh oh" came over the dressing room. My warning was well timed. At least everyone was admonished about the future. It all came true (and is not affirming my gassy reputation in the Austin acting community). It was the Indian food, I tell you! So I sang with spice, acted away from others, and danced down wind. Let's just say that most people were grateful. My advice: definitely spice it up at Tarka. Just be sure the level of spice allows for the space you will share over the consequent hours.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,5/2/2011,130,110,14,9,9>Let me first say that I love Arby's. I mean LOVE Arby's. My dream date would be Natalie Portman Taking me to Arby's and allowing me to choose any 5 items on the 5 for 5 menu, then we would head over to her place where we would dress up in her Star Wars stuff and get dirty. Unfortunately, my dream will no longer be realized with this location as it has closed down and has become Hat Creek Burger Co. I must say though it has been replaced by something just as delicious. I ordered the Big Hat Burger and wanted a big burger so I added 2 more patties. Little did I know that means I was about to consume a 4 patty burger. I sat down with the mystery brand "Rootbeer" I had selected as my beverage and began attempting to defeat the monster burger. One of the things I was not to happy about was the burntness. The meats ends were kinda hard because they were burnt and the buns attempt to become toasted seemed to have been over done. Overall I was able to complete the sandwich because although it had 4 patties on it they were 4 very skinny patties. I was also able to finish the fries which I could not help but feel a lack in the amount given to you.Overall the food was good. It would match Mighty Fines in my book. Just watch that bun and meat because they may Burnet. (See what I did there?)
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,5/1/2011,90,161,3,11,13>Today I had one of the most pleasant luncheons that I have in a good while, shared with a very well respected Yelp friend of mine. And the food was not bad either. I enjoyed my first time at Manuels and made notice of their very nice outdoor patio. We did choose however to sit inside. The chips and salsa were tasty and about what you might expect. I chose the Skewered Shrimp Kabobs from the lunch menu. Decent sized shrimps with pineapple, red and green bell peppers and onions over a bed of rice with black beans and guacamole on the side. Very flavorful and good portions for lunchtime. My lunch partner had the Fish Tacos over a bed of rice and they looked pretty tasty. Overall a good positive experience here and I am looking forward to trying some of their other menu items and of course the margarita's soon.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,4/30/2011,49,176,15,16,11>So I have a little secret to tell you... I dislike cleaning.  If I had a choice of cleaning a toilet or visiting my in-laws, I pick visiting my in-laws. :) Sure I can pick things up and make it look presentable but it's the deep cleaning I despise.   I was lucky enough to win a contest from Austin All Maids for a full house cleaning.  I was ESTATIC and literally had a smile on my face for days after I won that contest.  I set up a time for them to come right before family came to visit for the holidays.  The 3 ladies showed up on time, smiles on their faces and equipped with all of the cleaning utensils.  Sure we had a little bit of a language issue, but the work got done.  I spent some time outside tending to our yard while they were working inside.  (SEE! I am even willing to rake leaves and trim bushes instead of cleaning!).  I did walk by one room while they were in there working and I was so embarrassed by the amount of dust and dog hair that they had already swept up.   These ladies meant business.Once they were done I was amazed at how clean my house was.  They removed things from book case to clean, cleaned under rugs, got all of the cobwebs in the corners of the ceilings, and made my oven look like new.  My husband's jaw dropped when he walked in from work, he was floored at how good our house looked and then said, "Holy Shit, we do a horrible job at cleaning the house, look at how clean it is!"I was very impressed with the entire experience and look forward to having them clean my house again!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,4/29/2011,238,365,17,11,13>My mother in law lives off greens, nuts, kelp noodles, raw nut dressings, and raw cauliflower pates. For a 62 year old woman, she is fit. She runs marathons. She bikes. And she inspires me to eat better. Notice that I said inspire. Sadly, I actually love using a heat source to nuke the nutrients out of my veggies. And I love grains. And gluten. And refined sugar. And what??So, there are really only two places I can meet her for food: Mother's and Beets. On my birthday, she decided to treat me to a special lady's lunch at Beets. One order of curried carrot soup, Asian noodle salad, ELT, and vanilla orange cheesecake later, I am inspired to run a marathon. Maybe ride my bike. Okay, who am I kidding? I can barely walk the two blocks to my car.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,4/28/2011,48,60,13,8,10>Step One: Make a reservation. Really. We walked in without a reservation on a Tuesday night and got the last table in the lounge, and while it was a perfectly fine table, albeit a tad small, I couldn't help but stare longingly at the real tables in the dining area. It reminded me of how happy I was when my parents bought me a Donald Duck stuffed animal at Disney World until I saw the Mickey Mouse my brother got, only I'm much more mature now and didn't cry and throw my table in the trash can like I may or may not have done with poor Donald.Step Two: Order a caipirinha and the tacos de barbacoa to get things rolling (I don't think they give you bread anymore--we didn't get any, anyway). Inhale the delicious tacos within approximately 3.5 seconds.Step Three: Get the parrilla gaucha for two for your entree (well, if you're with someone. Not if you're alone). Eat meat (fantastic hangar steak that pairs wonderfully with the green chimichurri sauce). Eat more meat (tasty ribs). Eat even more meat (sausage, which while good didn't really stand out). Be sure to have some of the squash and potatoes so you don't feel like a total caveman.Step Four: Order another round of drinks.Step Five: Whip out your Groupon when the bill comes and enjoy your $75 meal for $45 (sure, you had to pay $15 for that Groupon, but see, you already bought it, so it's a sunk cost and therefore doesn't count).Step Six: Meet the friendly owner on your way out. Smile broadly as he hands you a card for 20 percent off your next visit.Step Seven: Lather, rinse, repeat.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,4/27/2011,100,112,14,16,16>I like my milkshakes, just like I like my men...These sexy milkshakes were...Sweet,Smooth,Satisfying,Seductive,And coolAmy's Milkshakes...mhhmmmm baby.  Just what I needed to cool me down during ACL. :-D
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,4/26/2011,79,202,9,15,14>I've been around the block when it comes to cupcakes in Austin, and I can easily say this place "takes the (cup)cake".Where do I begin?- RIDICULOUSLY good unique* cupcakes!!!! (*as opposed to mass made box-like batters, they're out there!)- locally owned- reasonable prices- adorable little shop- just plain goodness all wrapped up in a cupcake wrapper.There's still a number of flavors I have yet to try, only because I haven't been to the shop every day of the week that they're open. But there's so many flavors that its understandable that they can't all be made on one day!I love this place so much I'm probably going to have them do the cupcakes for my wedding... not only are they cute, but I know they'll be a hit! Leftovers? Doubt it! My mom and I did a tasting of 6 flavors during our consultation with Olivia, the shop owner--- we felt like kids in a candy store, for sure! (And left on a blissful sugar-high, obviously)- and they give you a cake on your first anniversary so you don't have to save and eat a frozen year old piece of cake!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,4/25/2011,255,164,13,19,19>It's windy this week! Everybody go grab a kite and fly it!If you don't have one, you could do a lot worse than shopping at World Wind Kites for a fresh flyer.     I went to the Austin Kite Festival last month, and got the urge to return to Zilker park alone on a weekday, instead of fighting the entire city for airspace. It seemed every time I got in the air (with a borrowed kite,  Thanks Monica O.!) I got tangled in someone else's line. No bueno. Enter WWK. They are located in NW Austin, between my house and a nice park with an open field. It couldn't get any more convenient for me.   I dropped in one day and picked out a cool kite for $22. That was more expensive than some, but I wanted the best easy-to-fly model they had.     Off I went to Zilker. My beautiful nylon sheet was up in the air shortly thereafter. I'd flown it for about 20 minutes when it crash landed. I found it broken in half. There's a piece on the center pole that attaches the spreader poles. That piece was snapped in two, with half of it missing.My mind flashed back to what the salesman at WWK said when he was ringing up my purchase. "We stand behind our kites.  If anything goes wrong with it, bring it back."   I brought it back.. And walked out with a brand new kite of the same model in about 3 minutes. Great!Fast forward a week to another flying adventure in that nearby park.The kite broke in mid-air, after about 15 minutes of flight, on a regularly windy day. Gusts up to 20 mph. Nothing that should break a kite. The culprit was the exact same piece of plastic that holds the spreader poles. One pole had busted out and poked a hole through the nylon.I drove straight to WWK, and the man let me pick another kite out. I chose a different model, as I believe my first choice had a faulty component. In the three times I went in, there were three different salesmen to help me, but none of them gave me any guff about a trade-in. I like that.The next week, I went out with my fish-shaped kite. (A Mahi Mahi)It flew easily, and looked pretty cool too. No breakage, even though the frame flexed heavily in the wind.. When I decided to pack it up for the day, I slowly reeled it in for a landing. As I did, a leashless dog was underneath it barking. I tried to steer clear of him, but it landed right on top of the dog, who proceeded to attack it. After I shooed the dog away, I expected it to be torn, but no damage! Just some dog slobber..Moral of the story is, the friendly staff at WWK really do stand behind their kites, but I wish I didn't have to go through two faulty kites to get the best kite for me. Hopefully, my Mahi Mahi will last a long time.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,4/24/2011,699,1000,11,12,15>I heart the Living Room Lounge at the W Hotel.Last night as my date and I were sipping martini's in the Living Room at the W the couple next to us started noshing down on each other.  They were elegant, classy, dressed to the nines...and on top of each other on the couches exchanging saliva.My date and I kept trying to have a conversation but in the middle of it he kept poking me and saying, "Hey look at them now!  They've turned another direction."  Honestly, it was very distracting.  But oh so sexy.This is the place where you hang out in Austin to see non-Austin people from out of town impress each other.  If you like Dallas or West L.A. you will love the Living Room at the W.  If you are fans of stacks and stacks of vintage records (floor to ceiling), fireplaces, couches and more couches and if you are looking for a cozy spot to nosh down on your loved one then Welcome Home.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,4/23/2011,62,69,6,13,12>Subtlety is an art. We had 7 in our party to include two kids and one infant so we were seated just behind a screen wall giving us our own semi private space. Babies can be distracting. We ordered edamame to start so the kids were happy and it is served in a dish that the lid doubles as the discard dish. It was like a little edamame kit. We ordered drinks and were allowed time to settle in to catch up on conversation without feeling rushed to order. Wine expands the stomach. We ordered Maki, Nigiri, and Sashimi, all of which was presented on a wooden boat artfully displayed with orchids. Sushi is celebration. We had our glasses filled without request, and dishes removed without notice. A simple nod of the head brought me another glass of wine from a watchful waitress. We each had a single piece of Super White Tuna Nigiri and I have to say it was the best thing I have eaten at a sushi restaurant ever. It was placed at the bow of the boat. We each had a single piece of Unagi Nigiri for dessert and it was prepared perfectly. The presentation of Unagi looks like a Japanese Christmas present. We were the last to leave and still did not feel rushed, sushi chefs waived goodbye and said thank you. We tipped the sushi chef separately as our thank you. Sushi in an edible art.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,4/22/2011,257,292,3,12,13>It took a two year anniversary party to remind me how much I love this place. Breakfast tacos are a relatively new addition to my life (I've only been in Texas for 3 years) and now I'm on a never ending hunt to find the very best. These are definitely on the short list.I approached to the wonderful sounds of a mariachi band playing and a large crowd of people going to town on foods that my taste buds used to be very familiar with. All in all on this day, I consumed 2 breakfast tacos, 3 tamales, a handful of churros, and some of the anniversary cake they'd prepared. The tacos were as great as always, the tamales were the best I've had in a long time, and I could die happy eating churros so they're always welcome. Errol M. was there, as was Dej M. (at long last Dej learned the trick to knowing cheese would be added to your taco: they ask you white or yellow)  Two of my favorite yelpers, some of my favorite food, amazing conversation, and a whole lot of love. It's clear that the family who runs this place is VERY invested in it. You can see it in the care they put into their customer service and most of all you can taste it in the food.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/21/2011,124,118,12,13,14>Up Next: Las CazuelasThe main squeeze took me here for my recent, you're on the backside of 30 now, Baby, birthday dinner (I know, spare no expense, right?) and we had a blast. Sat on the patio of this this rickety-looking joint and watched the ever-so-entertaining Caesar Chavez street traffic, sipped on a tasty brew and ate like kings. Complimentary chips and salsa bar (Can I get an Amen!) and a little cup of charro beans to cut the burn would have been plenty but my boyfriend was so sweet that he splurged on two entrees. Awesome ones.I recommend the goat.I also recommend staying after sunset so that you can enjoy the people watching at the convenience store across the street. For the first time in my life, I experienced the sound of a locomotive coming from the horn of a tricked-out Olds.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,4/19/2011,184,302,11,14,14>Oh My.Now, I can't say that I'm a learned person regarding Asian noodles, I don't know ramen from Shirataki from Guilin.  Let's face it, I'm so Caucasian that I'm practically translucent.But this bowl of beef noodle soup in front me, now that is some great stuff.  Full of flavor, not overly salted.  Mmmmmmmmm.The noodles are soft and maintain a nice texture.  The beef is thin-sliced, tender and not fatty.  The broth is just oily enough to satisfy, but not dominate.I snaked a bite of one of darling daughter's scallion pancakes, and they were awesome as well.I live quite near Chen's but had not tried it until I saw some reviews of trusted Yelpers.  What a fool I have been - I should have stopped in here a long time ago.I know it's the hinterlands for some people, but do yourself a favor next time you're up in far northwest Austin.  Check out Chen's and have yourself some damn tasty noodles.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,4/18/2011,322,621,8,26,18>French without pretense.I dined with three friends and fellow Yelpers at Chez Nous for the first time last night.  The kind hostess at Chez Nous graciously took care of our party of four with immediate seating upon arrival just before 8 PM, even though half of our party were still a few short steps away from the door.  As busy as Chez Nous was at the time, they could have easily insisted on a complete party and did not.  Kudos for grace under pressure.Chez Nous appears much larger from the outside than it is on the inside due to the expanse of street frontage on Neches that it occupies.  Nevertheless, the environ inside more resembles cozy than cramped, and, although the interior can be a bit loud at times for easy conversation, it is not nearly as noisy as, say, Wink.The wine list, while not extensive, is more than adequate.  I was well served by a glass of their house Chardonnay, which, proved quite up to complementing the seafood dinner that I knew was to follow.After looking over the menu (both in advance online and again at the restaurant), I chose to go with the Menu du Jour, which is a prix fixe for three courses including appetizer, entree and dessert.  It's a steal at a restaurant of this caliber for only $26.50.  I started with a Salade Lyonnaise, which was served with a poached egg atop; spectacular and tasty.  That was followed by a Truite meunière that was out of this world; best Rainbow trout I think I've ever had, buttery and lemony without being overly so in either right.  The accompanying sides were pommes dauphines, carrots, and a tomato, each a work of culinary art in its own right.  For dessert, choices were tough, but I went with a Mousse au Chocolat, which lived up to its billing.One of the things that I must point out about Chez Nous that made the evening was the service and staff.  I couldn't have imagined a more pleasant troupe of waiters and waitresses, and everyone pitched in to make our total experience a fantastic one.  A water glass never went empty, and I was constantly amazed at how unobtrusive the service actually was with such intense attention.  I honestly think we were served through the course of the evening by nearly everyone working there.Expect a casual  90+ minute dinner here.  For the sake of pacing, I highly recommend three courses rather than two.  Also, bring along some good company and scintillating conversation.  It's a French tradition for dinner with friends to be enjoyed all evening.I'll be back soon, Chez Nous.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/17/2011,521,315,14,17,16>Don't let this little unassuming Pizza joint in a strip mall deceive you... this pizza is pretty amazing. While the ambiance is just a simple little hole in the wall with a walk up and order window, the pizza makes you feel like they should have checkered table cloths and Chianti bottles as candle holders while Luciano Pavarotti sings O Sole Mio in the background. Stopped by to pick up some lunch - 2 slices and a drink for $3.99... not too bad. I spied a roasted garlic and a chicken pesto in a lineup of about 20 different varieties to choose from.  I actually did not know what to expect, but they reheated my pizza in an oven (not a microwave) and gave me my small pizza box to go. I picked up my beverage on the way out and headed home. Got in the car, dogs in the backseat, and cracked open the box... the aroma of roasted garlic and basil filled the car. (wait until you get home, my head was saying). As I drove home, I noticed the dogs were leaning far into the front seat from the back "sniff sniffing."  First red light, I crack open box, thinking, just a little bite. Too late, light was green. This goes on for 3 lights that all turned to green before I could attack those slices. Finally, I get home and the dogs are practically hanging on my arm to get the box to fall on the floor. Their attempts foiled, I pull up a chair, grab a napkin and open the box. OMG, the garlic pizza was amazing with full cloves of garlic, basil and red pepper flakes. The stone baked crust was perfectly crunchy, chewy soft. You could taste the olive oil. Next, I moved on to the chicken pesto pizza. Was that feta? Yes it was. It had the perfect combination of fresh basil, mozzarella and feta cheeses, sun dried tomatoes, and red onions in a wonderful pesto sauce. The Pizza folded easily and I ate every tasty bite despite the drooling dogs staring at me. I need to come back and try their calzones and pizza rolls. Or just take a whole pizza to go. They also deliver. But if you are in the neighborhood at lunch time and in the mood for pizza, it is a great value for a quick lunch.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,4/16/2011,348,383,8,11,12>I arrived first out of our party and promptly sat at the bar and ordered my standard Kirin. Daniel J arrived soon after and we began going to town on the spicy Thai chili peanuts. Much better bar food than edamame! Uchiko's bar is absolutely beautiful. It's roomy. There's a nook for the wait staff to pop into and retrieve their customer's drinks. And there's a well stocked wine cellar. I've just never been able to associate wine with sushi in my little mind so it will always be beer or sake for me! Darla, Ashley and Errol arrived next and the lovely Darla picked up drinks for us! It pays to be early sometimes.At first glance, I was giving Uchi's Sake Social menu the edge over  Uchiko's. Yet, here I am giving Uchiko the coveted 5th star. Uchi's offered more fish on the Social menu, which is what I am there for (besides the company!) But perhaps Uchiko's menu was a little more creative with accompanying sauce drizzles and dips. I didn't use soy one single time! The famous Shag roll isn't on Uchiko's social menu, but the one sampled tasted superior to Uchi's version. Fresher and warmer! And then there is the completely out of left field ham and eggs roll (pork belly, yolk custard and espelette - which is a type of chili pepper) has to be tasted to be believed. Lovely on the palate! And it's one of those rolls someone would describe with the overused phrase "It melts in your mouth!" but it's so true. The two different tuna hand rolls proved to be the more familiar items I was seeking, yet they had a uniqueness about them with one featuring aioli and the other yuzu kosha (a spicy, hot Japanese condiment. It is a rough paste, a bit like a finely chopped chutney with a citrus flavor - yes I had to look that up and quote it off the web!)Yes, the fried milk is as good as they say and looks nothing like it sounds. You don't want to leave without ordering it. Darla and I made some quick work of that dessert. Shout outs to the other fantastic Yelper's who made it out  like Yolanda G, Staci L, Adam, Tara D, David M! It's folks like you that make these get togethers fun! Truly a pleasure to chat with all of you. And thanks for welcoming my Non-Yelp pal Dr. Fredo who showed up to see what all the Yelp fuss is about! Errol was happy to see he wasn't an imaginary friend made up for my reviews. Being on such a food high, I arrived home and ordered Tyson's new book, Uchi, promptly off Amazon. Looks stunning yet kind of like a nice new shiny text book without the exorbitant price of one, however!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,4/15/2011,325,414,16,17,19>Here's what you should do. You should take the Metro Rail to the Plaza Saltillo. Then you should walk up a few blocks (but stop and take a picture under the La Trampa sign) toward 7th.You should sit outside (and maybe make a joke to the hostess about not wearing black and is it okay to still eat there?) with some fun friends. You should soak up some delicious sun.Then you should enjoy some fantastic salsa and chips. Maybe order a michelada (I don't know what's michelada with you?). Or get some sangria or one of those margaritas. And you should ask to sample everyone's at the table.Then you should get the al pastor tacos with corn tortillas, possibly with nopalitos. Enjoy how great the spinach salad is. Oh, and when I tell you that the green sauce will burn your face off, I'm not lying. Continue to eat it anyway. Then get another michelada. Then you don't have to worry about driving anywhere.That's what you should do.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,4/14/2011,288,258,13,14,19>They close at 9, we got there at 8:40.  The girl at the counter didn't roll an eye.  We order the Sesame Chicken because of Errol M's suggestion and I say it's the best dang Sesame Chicken this side of [insert generic American town here].  I do realize this is Americanized Chinese, but it's what I know, and I know this is not just good, it's great!Girl from behind the counter starts to clean up around us, turn off the 'Open' sign, push in chairs, etc.  The bf says, "We're almost done, sorry."She replies, "Oh, no worries, take your time," and smiles a real honest to goodness genuine smile that made me feel like I didn't have to stuff the last three pieces of Sesame Chicken in my mouth and swallow without chewing.Thank you for being sweet to us so close to quitting time!  It was much appreciated.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,4/13/2011,150,193,10,7,7>Shhhhhhhh.....the trolls are listening. I'll make this as quick as possible.It was a chilly Wednesday evening and Mr. Smidgens was headed to the Brown Bar for an unofficial Yelp event that Mr. D had put together. As I scoured the downtown area and made sure my path was troll free I entered the double B whilst scanning the crowd for familiar faces. I saw tons of painted faces that shot me winks and smiles. No my friends it was not a clown convention but it would seem that Wednesday night is debutant night. I see no familiar faces but an empty seat at the bar. I take my chair and before i can say a word the bartender says, "Well don't you look dapper." I nod my head and say thank you. May I please have an "Austinite"? He obliges my request and then I feel a tap on my shoulder. My body goes into attack mode and I slowly turn to see the one and only Daniel J., he cautiously tells me they are all in the back and that he is going out to take a few drags on a fagg. I grab my martini and I make my way over to the group and see Errol sprawled on the couch talking to Quani, Alex M., and Melissa. I introduce myself to the non Mr. Smidgen knowing Yelpers and grab a seat next to Alex. Time passes and the group grows larger with Dej, Shem, Tony, and Lisa. Food is ordered and although we thought all of the specialty martinis were $5 they were not. How dare you. I say to no one imparticular. I do decide to switch it up with a "Mexican". So there we are Tony and Mr. Smidgens, two Mexicans in the Brown Bar, drinking Mexican martinis. Classic. After flicking the angel off my left shoulder I decide to get the El Diablo. Lemoncello and jalapeño syrup! Way too sweet! I go back to a classic. Hendricks slutty with extra olives. Yes! They even used just glass to shake it because gin is affected by metal. Brilliant! There were talks of trolls, getting inked, getting poked with needles to relax, and furniture rearranging to boot. There were even aggressive female Democrats! Well that's how I heard it. Turns out they were just progressive. We all slipped out one by one after tabbing out so we would not draw attention to ourselves. The chill was still in the air and the streets were a buzz....I thought I heard my name but it was just the wind. With gin in my veins and new stories in my head I needed some sustenance. But that is another story my friends. Godspeed.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,4/12/2011,476,262,11,23,17>I have hired or been party to hiring Duane Bailey for 4 different projects in the past 3 years and I have to say, this guy knows his wood.  He creates high quality cabinets, his work is beautiful and his prices are reasonable.  Honestly, I do not understand why someone would try to fit prefab cabs from somewhere else into their kitchen when they can just call Duane.  I usually take a 1/4" plan to our meetings and work through the kitchen and bath cabinets with him... and we have never had a misunderstanding about what goes where.  After meeting with him at a project, I leave knowing that the cabs and built-ins are handled.His website says, "If it's made of wood, he can build it."  You are going to touch it every day, you are going to put things on top of it and inside of it, it will become a part of your life... why not get someone who has been handling a lot of wood for 31 years to take care of you... to do it right.His website is fine, but I don't think it showcases his skills as well as it could.  Duane did the cabs in my project that was featured on design sponge last year...designspongeonline.com/2I like him because he makes me look good, but I like him even more because he does what he says he will do.  With wood.  And he never disappoints.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/11/2011,303,155,21,18,16>This place is one of the first places I visited in Austin in the late 1980's and one of the main reasons I moved here. Wow! It is beautiful. I had just come back to Indiana from Laguna Beach for spring break and came in the summer of 1988. I loved California's rolling hills and cliffs and thought that this certainly was just as beautiful. I used to visit a lot more before I got a pool but here are some of my experiences. 1. I used to go on Mondays on the hairdresser day since that is their day off. Let me tell you, there was a lot of hands waiving and finger snapping. 2. I have been here to Splash way too many times too remember. It is like being in Ibiza in the water and during the day. Lots of people taking over the rocks like goats and water like minnows. People drinking way too much and showing/flirting like their was no tomorrow. Large barges with free flowing beer, winks and smiles. LOADS OF FUN! I once dared my best girlfriend to go down the slide naked on one of the barges. Priceless. 3. There are fish. I remember hanging out sitting and talking with an old friend on the edge naked with water up to my belly button. All of a sudden OUCH one of those little bastards grab on to my right nut. A screamed like a little girl and jumped out of the water with this fish attached to me. I got it off and I was bleeding. No joke about David and his little willy! I have not been naked at Hippie Hollow since but I still go. I love it on a warm day. I just am a little protective.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,4/10/2011,211,223,13,14,15>it was a cold and dreary saturday in january.  the kind that makes you not want to get out of your pajamas, much less your bed.  and definitely not the kind that makes you want to make the trek to ikea.  especially sporting a hangover from possibly being overserved last night.  but that's exactly the shoes i found myself in on this particular saturday.  i did not whine.  i did not complain.  as we were leaving ikea jacko said "do you want to stop for lunch somewhere?".  well, yes i did. i needed sustenance, stat.  but where can one eat on a cold and rainy saturday on the way home from ikea? i surveyed the restaurant landscape as we started out for home.  nothing sounded good.  then i remembered something my friend samson had said about a great little place sort of near la frontera, racked my brain for the name, nearby'd it, and soon we were walking in the door. mexican-italian?  oh yes we can.what a welcome reward for all my suffering.service was completely charming and attentive.atmosphere is cozy and soothing and not at all what you would expect to find in a little strip mall.the salsa was delicious and so so fresh and flavorful.  basket of chips inhaled in record time. the caldo was quite simply the best i have ever had.  and i've had a lot of caldo.the carne al pastor plate was remarkable.i can't wait to go back.  with the success of the mexican dishes we tried, i am eager to try the italian. you should definitely go and try la cocina if you haven't yet.  seriously.  it is round rock's best kept secret, but i doubt it will be a secret for long. it is worth the trip, no matter where you are coming from.  even if it is cold and rainy.  and even if you are hungover.  and especially if you were brave enough to face the ikea experience.everyone deserves such a reward.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,4/9/2011,724,628,12,28,30>I showed up here tonight at 9:03, feeling puny after a tough week, seeking comfort and warmth from a bowl of pho.  "We close at 9:00," said the woman behind the counter as I walked in the door.  But upon seeing my crestfallen look, she paused, then gave me a welcoming smile and gestured toward the tables."Come eat," she said.  "Choose any table you like."That bowl of pho was exactly what I needed tonight.Kind souls = 5 stars.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/8/2011,467,441,7,10,11>So, Catherine T. has been singing the praises of Reale's Pizza to me for almost as long as I've known her. I was planning on attending her canceled ROTDC for my virgin visit, but, well, it was canceled. I finally made it this past Thursday.A quick note, if you're headed here from 183N, take 2 lefts at 620 instead of trying to do the turnaround... that cut across traffic is BRUTAL and nearly impossible. I'm just saying.It was just after their lunch rush (if they have a lunch rush), so not incredibly busy, and we were seated right away. The menu is overwhelming, I didn't even know where to begin. I took notice of the lunch specials and tried to order a slice, a salad, and an iced tea. Oops, lunch special doesn't cover specialty slices, so I ordered a small margarita pizza instead. Our pizzas came out in the expected amount of time (Catherine had the white pizza with meatball topping, btw, the meatballs are crumbled up) and were delicious! I actually preferred hers over mine, but both were VERY tasty. The service, however, on this particular visit was lacking. They weren't too busy, but we had to flag that waitress down for refills, boxes, dessert, and our check. Another btw, try the cannoli, it's another thing that awesome and tasty.I'd only had a couple slices of my pizza (was saving room for cannoli), so asked for the rest of it to go. I then proceeded to forget it on the table. As I got in my car to leave, I saw the host run up to my car, pizza in hand. And it's not like I was parked close to the door. That in itself, earned Reale's the 4th star. I don't think there are many places that would do something like that!I plan on visiting again and (maybe) visiting often!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,4/6/2011,461,645,9,15,13>I have walked by Halcyon tons of times and always thought this was a coffee/tea/biscotti only type of place and boy have I been wrong!Hanging out briefly at Hope Market I saw a tweet that Halcyon was serving free bloody Mary's. Soon after finding out about this special Jesse and I randomly run into Darla A. who suggests we go to Halcyon, was this a sign?! Absolutely, we were meant to do this!We show up to Halcyon to find a DJ is spinning, the crowd is chill and the bloody mary's are a flowing. Now all we need is some Kanye to walk in (well his look a like did but no such luck). Soon after ms Amber D made an appearance which is always a good time.Halcyon was not serving up their usual bottomless mimosas but I did give the cranberry mimosa a try all the same. Two thumbs up with the champagne versus cranberry ratio and a plus it was served with a fresh orange garnish.Sorry Halcyon, your cafe vibe will keep me away no more.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,4/5/2011,522,1205,9,19,14>Apatite is serving some amazing beautifully presented food made from local organic ingredients served in a contemporary upscale yet cozy spot tucked between a yoga studio and Mandola's. Who would expect to find such amazing did I say beautifully plated food?? with white table cloths behind Mandola's in the Shops of Bee Cave????  AND they are Dog Friendly on the patio!!!!I had an amazing lunch sandwich here a while back - A HUGE Turkey Brie Club grilled with melty cheese and bacon and served with slaw a wedge of Watermelon and slices of Orange. NOW they are serving Dinner!!!! and for now BYOB with COMPLIMENTARY CORKING!!!!! The Amorous Fried Oysters were a mouthorgasm!!! Panko crusted fried oysters served atop chopped avocado topped with Creme Fraiche in a pool of Squid Ink and Spicy Arbol Chili Caviar!!!! Blue Crab and Avocado Torta was beautifully presented thin slices of avocado wrapped to form a cup filled with lump crab and topped with micro greens with a rice cracker on the side!!!!! Pan Seared Sea Scallops served on Corn Coulis and Pea Tendrils!!! The Small Dishes that we tried were around 12.00 and with the BYOB no corkage fee was a great deal! 5 Star score!!!!!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,4/4/2011,485,555,19,22,20>One Wednesday night, back when I was getting all my salsa ducks in a row, I texted a fellow Yelper in an attempt to sort out my dancing options. She said she'd be at Austin Sports Tavern. I told her I'd meet her there, but didn't really feel like driving that far, so I just might hit Dallas instead. "No, girl! Unless you want to see gallon hats and stuff." Woah. That was a close one. Having narrowly avoided honky-tonk night, I can assure you that the following will be true of Dallas on Thursday nights:1. Austin's cheapest salsa/merengue/bachata/cumbia-dancing cover: $2. Last time I went, I'd forgotten to stop by an ATM. I brought in 8 quarters. My quarters were greeted warmly.2. Free water. A whole vat of perfectly cold water accompanied by never-ending disposable cups.3. Male leads like in a dream. Spin-right-spin-right-spin-right-cross-body-lead-­spin-left-dip male leads that you can write home about.4. Waiters that reach across the bar with napkins so you can soak up your nasty gross sweat of accomplishment while you're drinking free water.5. The random chacha and samba so you can practice your chacha and samba.6. Blessed dependable air-conditioning.7. Separation of Floor and Bar, wherein people with beverages do not: a. linger on the dance floor, taking up precious dance real estate; b. spill drinks that ruin the perfect floor and my dance shoes.8. A night of dancing opportunities starting as early as 9:30 - you can get your cardio on with enough time to sleep by midnight. If desired.So Copa, Austin Sports Tavern, just out of curiosity: do you know what this thing is called free water? Especially after you've already charged me $5 to get in the door? Let me know, thanks.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,4/3/2011,739,709,26,20,25>My dearest husband,I hate to do this to you, especially in a letter on a public forum, but, I am leaving.....I am moving up and out to Rainey Street.  You may not have noticed last weekend when we went to Icenhauer's, but for me it was love at first sight.  This place is like home for me, but not the "home" I'm used to....there's no dog hair in the drinks, no laundry on the bed or floor, no smell of wet cat food in the air....Nope, this place is clean, stylish, gorgeously decored and comfy.  It reminds me of a chalet or someplace I could lounge with a drink whilst wearing a turtleneck shirt and boots....almost retro-mod.  Is that possible??Sure, you may think that's the booze talking, and yes, they do have a vast selection of booze and instilled liquors (and booze IS the way to my heart...and...my other parts :).  We enjoyed some $4 wine since it was HH on a Sunday (til 7) and, it's true that we sampled several of their specialty drinks, all named after the "other" women in Icenhauer's life.  Maybe, if I move in, they could name a drink after me.  Hmmm, The Keri:  basil infused vodka, maybe some red bell pepper, a splash of sweet n sour, something spicy...But it's not just the booze or the friendly bartender, Jimmy, that used to play Clem the demon on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (that made me almost fall outta my chair!).  This is just a beautiful place, and while I am no Martha Stewart and am interior decor-ignorant, this bar just warmed my heart with it's dark wood walls in the front two rooms (original to the house), the dark gray slate wall around the bathroom, and the blond oak opposite by the bar.  All the comfy chairs, TV's in all the rooms, the wine glass chandelier (which, if I could keep that many around without you breaking them, I could make something similar), and the huge outdoor patio that is dog friendly, so you can bring our boys for visitations.  They have a fire pit out back and eventually, we can bring in our own s'mores.Speaking of food, don't worry about me starving....even tho there's no food license at Icenhauer's, they've graciously suggested I can bring food in and there's 3 fantastic, ethnic food trailers within a couple of blocks.So, you see, Icee's got everything I need.  If you need me, you can find me eating African food, curled up with either the Katie or the Emily, and talking to a demon kitten eater.....Yup, it's home.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/2/2011,989,456,40,25,28>Full disclosure: I was hammered when I went here. Hammered at a bear bar on a Tuesday night. I swell with pride.Consequently, I don't remember much. I recall that it was a cute set up. There was a long bar, some tables, a couple bartenders...pretty standard. My drinking companions were friends of mine who I wouldn't call bears, but they seemed to fit in a little more gracefully than me, since I'm not nearly hairy enough to be considered an "otter" (a skinny hairy gay guy). I don't care for the term "otter" for several reasons, not least of which is that it sexualizes my "Otterbox" phone case even more, when people already claim the chunky protective layers and silicone rubber turned my BlackBerry into a lesbian.I hadn't been to a bear bar since The Chain Drive when I was having one of my nights out with JB. I never know if there's any sort of different etiquette or mating rituals, but they always seem like nice, jolly fellows. They're usually quite approachable. I remember when some people freaked out when the Palins were shown filming too close to some bears, and it took me a whole week to realize they were floating down a river past *actual* bears, and they hadn't mistakenly wandered into an Alaskan bear bar. The second scenario sounds way more interesting.The next day, I realized I'd lost my debit card. Ugh, such a barfly thing for me to do. I called Iron Bear and left a message asking if I left the tab open. The bartender from the night before left me a prompt return voicemail, and said that I had dropped my card several times that night and he had found it using a flashlight. He informed me I always slipped it back into my pocket, and not into my billfold. Brilliant. The bartender was really sweet about the whole thing, but I know I probably made a crappy impression.The debit card was found in my friend Shea's car, along with my Burberry shades. I can't explain the sense of relief. At least I wasn't stupid enough to drive.  I'll be back. Next time only buzzed, and next time only with cash.4 woofs out of 5.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,4/1/2011,315,273,17,22,19>Best $50 I ever spent.  I could elaborate, but my experience here was very personal.  I'll say this.  Don't go if you're a skeptic, but if you are a person who believes that some people have gifts that others don't and are seeking guidance you might be well served to come here.  I really like Olisha.  It's $25 for a palm reading and $50 for your cards.  She also does a sample reading for $10.  She is open 10a.m. - 10p.m., 7 days a week, but call ahead because it's her home and she could elect to go out. I have to say this.  She's one of the few psychics that didn't try to upsell me.  I came in wanting both the palm and card reading, but she said that probably wouldn't be necessary that I'd get what I needed from one or the other.  Well I've had my palms done and I don't think the lines changed so I opted for the cards.  SPOT ON reading.I went in confused out of mind about an issue and came out on point.Like I said, best $50 I ever spent.Now that I'm clear - it's on like Donkey Kong!!!!!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,3/31/2011,162,97,30,11,19>Asia CafeI will preface this review by saying that anyone who doesn't give this place 5 stars clearly hates food and has no taste buds for food that is worthy of commiting seppuko over. That being said, this place is fucking dressed to the nines, slap you on the ass and call you sally, best f-ing Chinese food in all of Austin.There, I said it.I could continue this review to tell you about how the pork is so moist and tender that poking it with your chopsticks might cause a temporal rift in your plate.I might sit here and reminisce about the delicious morsels of spicy fish with bok choy that make me all but ready to become a male host in Bangkok and solicite my sexual prowess to any passing foriegner.I could summarize by saying that I have gone to this place many times and have sampled the vast majority of the menu and have yet to find a dish that was not absolutly amazing.But I wont, instead I will simply tell you to get your ass up to Asia Cafe as soon as possible.Do not stop at go, do not waste time to collect 200 dollars, just flick off the guy in the top hat and park your ass in Austin's boonies ASAP.That is allGabriel
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,3/30/2011,571,42,6,15,20>This is the place to take your date after the movie, talking in the dim lighting & cozy seating while you split a piece of Raspberry Torte.This is the place to meet a long-lost friend for chattering over a bottle of reasonable, incredible wine.This is the place to soak up the sun with your leashed dog & people-watch the street as you read a book & sip a latte.This is the place to share.  The tartines are delightfully generous; if you're there with a friend or a partner, get two & split them (I suggest the brie with walnuts & apricot preserve).  Let the atmospher do its job, encouraging intimacy without inciting discomfort.This is the place to be happy. Blue Dahlia Bistro repaints the color blue, taking it from a sad melancholy to a peaceful, invigorating Austin sky, spotted with fluffy white clouds. If you need an emotional paint job, check them out.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,3/29/2011,4221,482,9,17,20>Four words for my Coreanos experience:  Three Wise Fries ROCK!!!  OMG - - they're frickin' AWESOME!!I had this trailer high on my to-do list, and one weekend night I finally tracked them down on the corner of 7th and Nueces.  My friends and I ordered the Three Wise Fries, Bulgogi Burrito, LA Hotdog (wrapped in bacon), and 2 tacos.  Yeah - almost tried everything on the menu, but the 3 of us were starving and were excited to try something new.  Sodas and waters were are a buck a piece - - very cool!  That's a buck cheaper than some of the other trailers.  We got our food fairly quickly and headed back home to dive into all that goodess.First off - they did an awesome job packaging up everything up to-go, I was impressed.  Well wrapped and no spillage or mess.  We devoured the Three Wise Fries - - all of us were in awe.  It's robust, spicy, and unique - - like nothing we ever had before.  The Bulgogi Burrito was excellent, large chunks of marintated beef and it was full of flavor.  The tacos were pretty good, and that LA hotdog was very tasty.  But I can't get enough of those Three Wise Fries - - went back 2 weeks later and got 2 order.  I don't care if I have to do extra laps around the track, this food is worth it!!My new favorite food trailer!!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,3/28/2011,421,256,20,20,22>The Beast Flesh Saga continues.It'd only been 4 days since I fed, but an FN sample left The Hunger wanting more. Better. Juicier. Bloodier. Raaaaaaaa4p on a Wednesday, seated en patio. Stomachs have resorted to feeding off own lining once more. Server leans near door, necessitating companion to make standing overture for her to give us menus. Immediately order. Drinks? White Trash Wednesday specials? Chips and salsa? Do those have meat in 'em? Then no. Talk of life, troubles, costume, etc. Half pound Black Sheep Burger arrives, with bacon. Seasoned delectable green beans are the first to go - I want the meat to be the last thing I taste. First bite. No verbal reaction, continue to appear to be listening to conversation. Physiological reaction: sudden crescendos, breakfast, gravel crunching, sexy Lycans, slowly being back-round-dipped by an excellent Lead, first time watching Uma and John do their thing in Jack Rabbit Slim's. Can't tell if companion is made uneasy by ravenous devouring, but I manage a positive comment on the meat quality once it's all over.Server clears away the carcasses, asking once more if we want drinks. What is this, a bar? Pfft. No: Sugar. I desire The Sugar. Where is it? Strawberry and Peach Pie you say? Bring it to me. RaaThe Sugar arrives, with vanilla scoops á la mode. Clever girl, Black Sheep. First bites of pie: Corgi puppy stampedes, unicorns, triple rainbows, bunnies in cups, first time watching The Little Mermaid.I can overlook poor server etiquette since The Hunger has been quelled. Until next feeding...
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,3/26/2011,495,689,36,31,29>(For this review, you have to remember that Tan My is pronounced "thun mee.")Come 'n listen to my story 'bout a man named JedA real Pho fan, barely kept his Asian fedAnd then one day, he was puking up some foodAnd up through his nose came a bubblin' crudeGoo, that is, black broth, Asian tea...Well, the first thing you know, ol' Jed's a jonesing-naireKin folk said, Jed, move away from thereSaid, Ohlen Roady is the place you oughta beSo they loaded up the truck and moved to Tan MyRestaurant, that is, vermicelli, chargrilled meats...The Tan My Restaurant!~Der der der der der der der der der-der-der der der der der der, etc.~(And that's where Earl Scruggs goes nuts. Now imagine these four names flashing out to each corner of your screen:)                     Omar Z.                               Angie Z.                     Kelly S.                                Errol M.Alright, give me a break. The fried egg rolls here are superb. I also enjoyed my Pho Tai, but I think you get a tad more for the same price at Pho Saigon and Pho Dahn. But the real star at Tan My is the vermicelli - my taste of the charbroiled chicken with vegetables was just extraordinary. I'm going to return here and try them all.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,3/25/2011,111,114,23,17,20>Well, it's happened; my cat is now hipper than me.And all because he goes to Oliver Animal Hospital.Great location, super friendly staff, and ultra nice facilities.  I knew I lucked out when I first toted Maxwell inside one of their little examination rooms and the chick who escorted me in noticed the scented candle needed to be replaced.  Oh Maxwell, you have arrived.I'm not going to sugar coat it; I have an aggressive cat.  I know.  But I love him and he loves me.  However, I'm not one of those pet owners who has a rabid, foaming at the mouth, rage-filled pitbull who says, "Oh don't you worry, he won't bite."  Bull.  Maxwell will hurt you if you try to examine him and I will be the first one to tell you that.  Vets usually roll their eyes at this because I'm sure they see it all....and then the blood starts to flow.  So, you can understand how appreciative I was when Dr. Oliver didn't question me at all and proceeded with understanding and savvy caution when examining Maxwell.  They quickly "burrito'ed" him and it was over in no time.While my hissing and spitting cat was being weighed and tested, another friendly staffer set up an online profile for Maxwell.  I'm sorry, my cat has a profile??? I'm still waiting for confirmation on my friend request...I always get a call the next day asking how he's doing and if he needs anything else.  This cat gets more phone calls than I do...I don't know how he lucked his way in to this exclusive club but I feel like a hanger on following my ultra cool cat around the house :)
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,3/24/2011,79,81,18,17,21>Forget the New Year's kisses, the tear-welling ABC Family shows, and the glib commentary of ESPN; what I crave is meat, potatoes, and alcohol.  I'll even take the lot with a French accent, and a grip of service-industry veterans late at night, rounded out by former hippies, replete with Deepak Chopra maxims, and insights into the vision of Donald Judd.I'll take it from waitresses who have more insight into the vision of DeLillo and O'Keeffe.  I'll take it from the bartender who can make my drink, spin my records, and take my money.  And I'll be happy.I'll take five ounces of raw meat and some pommes frites.  And follow it up with an eight ounce ribeye.  And call it the "man meal."  And then I'll do it again whilst downing Makers and water, and call it the "husky man meal."  I'll take horrible dates there and disappear for hours on end, then lock them out in the morning.  I'll bring my parents there, and call the waitresses ma'am.  I'll just disappear there, period.And then I'll write reviews.  Gluttonous, horrible reviews of gluttonous, horrible calamities.  But the calamities will be mine.  And I'll be happy.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,3/23/2011,766,303,23,20,22>Disco meets Mexico, with a Dexico deck. I feel like they should have strobe lights and a disco ball here; a SHINY disco ball. The food definitely has tasty and flavorful flair, all the way down to the hot sauce. It's like everything had flair except our waiter. He must have been picked up hitchhiking somewhere that had nothing to do with disco or Mexico. But that's ok because we dropped him off somewhere between so what and whatever. I'd say you're sure to have a funky good time.  Tell them Snuggly G. sent you and let me know how that works out for ya ...
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,3/22/2011,474,618,6,20,19>Second Bar + Kitchen deserves 5 stars for the fried pickles alone. Fried pickles combined with wing sauce = genius! David Bull himself came by to introduce himself and explain how he came up with the idea. I felt like I was meeting a celebrity. He was super nice and gracious.I only wish our waiter's name was on my receipt, because he made the experience so enjoyable. When each of my girlfriends would order a glass of wine, he would come back with a sampling of different wines that he recommended and he was right every time.The 3 of us shared the baked ricotta and the short rib pizza. Heaven! And it was enough to fill all of us up.Now, you all know how much I love dessert, but I was just too full. Second Bar + Kitchen does something brilliant. Bites of dessert! We each had a bite of an oatmeal cookie sandwich. It was just enough to to satisfy my sweet tooth and the perfect finish to our Girl's Night Out!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,3/21/2011,171,194,16,18,19>Today, I had just gotten to Franklin Barbeque when the pulled the gate almost closed and put up the little sign that says "SOLD OUT, PLEASE COME BACK."  Thankfully, we got there just in the nick of time and we found ourselves on the happy side of that sign, which is to say that we were inside the gate just counting down until we could meet our delicious Franklin meat.  In the spirit of adventure I tried a menu item that I had not previously tried: The Tipsy Texan.  This sandwich is made of chopped beef and sausage and may include pickles, onions, and slaw if you so choose.  Not only is it a meal unto itself.  I think it is also an INGENIOUS offering.  Where else have you gone where they have combined two kinds of meat on one sandwich?  I can't think of anywhere else.  At most places if you want to get two kinds of meat you have to get a platter with sides.  But sometimes I don't need sides and a plate that costs $10 or more - this is where The Tipsy Texan is an AMAZING BARBECUE INVENTION!While I was enjoying my delicious sandwich, I also pondered a new and very exciting tidbit of information: word has it that FRANKLIN'S HAS SIGNED A LEASE AND WILL BE MOVING INTO A BUILDING!!!  If all goes according to plan, this will be happening after the first of the year - January-ish ... and while there is no official word on location, methinks it will be in East Austin.Goodbye food stand, hello restaurant!  To me, this means more barbecue, more seating arrangements, and more happiness in the world.  To celebrate, I present you with the words from the theme song to the Jeffersons:Well we're movin on up,To the east side.To a deluxe apartment in the sky.Movin on up,To the east side.We finally got a piece of the pie.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/20/2011,431,381,22,21,22>Tucked away in deep south Austin is a quaint French cottage, built in 1902.  Its majestic turrets astound even the most seasoned architect.  Its lawn is full of tulips and roses, all the colors of the rainbow, and lavender trim adorns all the windows.No, not really.  This is a standard American house, built in 1927, with nothing extremely special about it, other than it being much more inviting than any other building nearby.FRENCHY:  Mademoiselle, vous savez que vous voulez essayer certaines de mes pâtisseries!  Faites-le.[Miss, you know you want to try some of my pastries!  Do it.]ME:  Did anybody else hear that?This place is like La Boite, and it's almost as equally far south.  However, La Patisserie has more places to sit, and is a much more pleasant place to be when it's 35-degrees outside (since La Boite has only outdoor seating).FRENCHY:  Mon chéri, les macarons appellent votre nom. Mangez![My darling, the macarons are calling your name.  Eat!]ME:  Who let Pepe LePew in here?!I got a chocolate macaron, a gingerbread macaron, a rose madeleine, and some French press coffee.  For those of you who bring your toddler spawn with you, Patisserie has a playpen for them.  There's also a small parking lot in back, if you want to plant your spawn there in the hopes they get run over.The two ladies who were working when I came were the nicest people ever.  Maybe that's because they just opened for business, and they want to make a good first impression.  Or maybe they really are that nice.  I don't know which, but I didn't care.  The fact is, they were so nice that I wanted to buy stuff from them.I sat at the one outside table, and I noticed they have two fleece blankets out there for customers to use.  Nice touch.  The coffee was pretty good, but the pastries were excellent.  The rose madeleine complemented the coffee very well, and the gingerbread macaron is the stuff dreams are made of.  Patisserie has other interesting macaron flavors, like champagne, peppermint, and saffron, as well as norms like rose, vanilla, pistachio, lavender, etc.  You can also find HUGE pain au chocolats and other assorted croissants and pastries.I'm glad I don't live in my grandmother's old house off of Woodland Ave (Annie St), as I'd be at Patisserie every day pigging out on delicacies, watching myself get hopelessly fat, and slowly putting myself into a diabetic coma.  Thank gawd I live several miles away.FRENCHY:  Un coma diabétique vaut de manger mes délicatesses, mon cher![A diabetic coma is worth eating my delicacies, my dear!]ME:  Shut up, Pepe.  As I sit here, belly protruding, I dream of my next trip to Patisserie.  And I plan to bring a gun to hunt Pepe.  It's skunk season, after all.  I wonder how fried skunk would taste with a macaron chaser.FRENCHY:  Je n'ai rien à dire ainsi je finirai avec une pensée aléatoire : Est-ce que je peux emprunter un crayon?[For the sake of decorum, I cannot tell you what Frenchy just said.]
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,3/19/2011,95,135,7,9,11>Whew! What a place. I'm not going to lie, we were on bike, en route to Las Cazuelas, when we were beckoned over to talk to a small group of people who asked us where we were going to eat, and why don't we try "Your Mom's." I was a little surprised by the prices of the food when I saw the menu (I was planning on dirt cheap tacos) but impressed with the quality of the food.My boyfriend and I both ordered a Frida Kahlo burger, which is MASSIVE and has pepper jack, chorizo, and a FRIED EGG on top, along with some delicious sauce. I was in love, and mind you folks, I RARELY eat red meat. The guys at the counter were even poking fun at me before I ordered.It was delicious, we got some really yummy fries thrown in for free, AND a discount for riding in on our bikes. I'm convinced. I'll be back`]!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,3/18/2011,141,179,7,10,11>I am an odd duck so naturally, I love Odd Duck. I don't support feed-lot food. Have you smelled a feed-lot? I only eat meat from farms that use a humane model of raising animals and raises them on grass. I don't want to eat the flesh of suffering; don't want to eat tissue full of antibiotics or hormones. I don't want to eat meat altered by unnatural foods like cows fed soy and corn etc. This makes it hard for me to eat out and sometimes this girl needs to eat out. I love you, Odd Duck!Odd Duck sources their meat from small local farms: Countryside (rabbit, duck eggs), Richardson's (pork), more. They also use produce from local organic farms and cheese from my favorite artisan cheese maker (Brazo's--he sources his milk from grass fed heritage cows).Perfect date night: we bring our own alcohol and pick a shaded picnic table. Select some small plates. This is European style eating so expect small portions, not jumbo American plates piled with food all mixing together. We ordered the arugula salad with marinated beets and feta, quail on fire grilled potatoes with aoli sauce, grits with a soft boiled duck egg, mushrooms and arugula.These are delivered to our table. We drink; we eat. I am transported by the quail and eat it like a cave woman, gnawing on the bones. The roasted potatoes are orgasmic. The grits dish is very creamy. I found myself wanting something to cut the creaminess, like maybe some nuts or something. Maybe if I ate mushrooms, this would have done it. The beet salad was devoured.Go back, order more quail. Feel lightly beautifully fed.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,3/17/2011,150,124,7,8,8>In reality, Freddie's is probably closer to three stars than four, but there are several things that bump it up for me.1) After a sweaty game of kickball, my team can come here with our stank, sit outside and continue the camaraderie with $2 lonestars (tall boys, no less) and half price appetizers.2) dog friendly patio amongst the trees3) kid friendly with a playhouse AND tuesday night movies for the littles 4) totally unassuming and those t-shirts are usually good for a few chuckles.We stopped by with Team IcyHots the other night to enjoy the drink specials. We had great service and a good time was had by all for only about $30 per couple, including tip and plenty of those half price appetizers. 5) Oh, and the chicken tenders are REALLY good!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,3/16/2011,704,840,31,22,19>We moved our son into his San Marcos apartment last week since he will be attending Texas State. I decided to redeem my last Living Social voucher for a dozen red velvet cupcakes to leave with him to share with his roommates. That is how I think. Find them food. Make them food. Give them food. Feed them.  And he so loves these cupcakes!  I forgot that I was dealing with college students.I got a phone call later than night:The Kid:  Hi, Mom. My Dallas roommate is so cool.Me:  Oh, great!The Kid:  I opened the refrigerator to put my water in and there was a case of beer.Me:  Oh...wow....The Kid:  Yeah.  And I have a dozen cupcakes....(laughing).Me:  Well, but they are very good cupcakes.  The finest Austin has to offer!The Kid:  Maybe I can trade a cupcake for a beer.  Not sure how that is going to work though.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,3/14/2011,85,129,8,13,10>The flying carpet is certainly a very unassuming trailer,so much that when I walked up Saturday night I wasn't sure I was in the right place ( the Mana pumping out of the stereo didn't help), but the friendly service and tasty food did not disappoint. The sleek vegetarian was heavily spiced and the fried egg brought it home in my books. The only complaint with the food is that the spicy falafel we crushed into little bits in which some were overcooked and became like fried bits of batter after you've been frying battered food for hours. Small complaint really as those nuggets still tasted pretty good. I tried a bite of the Moroccan burger and it was very tasty, but the meat was cooked to a perfect well done which simply doesn't appeal to me. Of course I didn't order it so I have no idea if they would cook it to a medium rare if asked.  The fries were not spectacular, they were not bad. I wouldn't go looking for them, but if someone kept  a magically refilling plate of them in front of me with their special sauces then I don't think I would be able to stop eating them. Abdou (owner, cook?) was quite the polite gentleman and shook all of our hands and was wearing a pretty sweet Optimus Prime shirt which almost got that fifth star in my books. Almost.........
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,3/13/2011,309,45,18,12,14>"Is that a donut with bacon on top of it??"(Flying Pig is waved under my nose)"COOOOOOOLLLL. You mean I actually have a frickin' donut with frickin' bacon on top of it?  You're the best friend a porcine lover could ask for!""I love you, man."(awkward tearing up moment)"I love you, man."
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,3/12/2011,115,127,12,18,13>RunTex, I'm not only cheating on you, I'm leaving you for someone else. I have been a good, loyal girlfriend, but last time I was in your store, it seemed you had gone from focusing on merchandise to organizing events. Nothing wrong with that, and your water stations at the hike & bike trail are very much appreciated by all who run there. However, as a high-arched, over-pronating-orthotic-wearing-plantar fascitis-suffering gal, I can't afford to be dissed. Last time I was with you, I left in a pair of Asics Gels that were oh, so wrong for me. Enter Hill Country Running Company. As others have attested, this little store is full of excellent customer service, knowledgeable staff and even a store doggie that makes buying running shoes for my high-maintenance feetsies a pleasure. After watching me run in those Asics, my expert brought out several pairs of shoes for me to try. I ended up in a pair of Brooks Adrenalines that are absolutely perfect for me. They don't even slip in the heel with my orthotics loaded in. Ahhhhh. Sigh. Yessssss. You have won my love and loyalty.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,3/11/2011,83,60,13,14,12>Bennu, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways....1) Pull-down electrical outlets so easy to operate they don't make me feel like I was held back three times in middle school (I'm looking at you, Epoch. Honestly, can *anyone* successfully operate those things?).2) Delicious coffee - particularly the french press variety, which comes in two sizes. Get the kind from Ethiopia that starts with a "Y"; yerbachev? Yorbachov? Post-Soviet President Gorbachev? I can never remember how to pronounce it correctly. WARNING: Don't drink this blend on an empty stomach. It is extremely strong.3) Open 24 hours! Hooray!4) A wide variety of delightful (read: not stale) pastries.5) Friendly staff.6) Cute patio.7) Comfortable couches.8) Music here is almost always good. Relaxing and unintrusive.Striking a happy medium between Epoch and Flightpath, Bennu is equally good for studying, hanging out, or flying solo with a good book or three.Parking can be challenging, but if the lot is full, there's usually a spot on the side street.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,3/10/2011,323,2235,9,15,13>Although you feel very classy eating here, I no doubt felt extremely rugged and manly.  Why?  They offer RAW HEART of a VENISON... yes, the life support organ of an animal that people prey and hunt.  I digress...It is not often that I do not know what something is on a menu, much less what something is when I see it on my plate.  Foreign and Domestic gets stars and stripes for simply throwing two unknowns at me.  Some people get frustrated when they do not know how to describe or classify certain foods... as for me, I got excited at my ignorance.  I am food master, and I have been bested.The $5 "blue" hour appetizers are great.The bacon tartine: awesome fried pork belly.  Nothing more... just good crispy, meatiness.  Some rye bread with some sauce sat underneath it.The squash fritters: creamy, rich, slightly sweet, and perfectly crisp.  I had no idea that the honey looking thing was cider.  Ouch.The non happy hour plates are pretty reasonably priced and very tasty.Ditali and cheddar: "what is ditali?"  Dang it.... I should have guessed it was mac and cheese.  It was a bit disappointing, but still very delicious.  I had way crazy expectations.  The oxtail meat was extremely tender.Venison heart tartare: almost identical to a great beef tartare... lightly seasoned, rich, and meaty.  Best of all?  I felt like a primal beast.  oh... and I had no idea that the crispy curly things were fried pig ears.  Ironically, I used to hate pig ears (I am Chinese... the people who love pig ears). I came here and I loved American-style fried pig ears.  My mother would be proud.  The green goddess dressing, apples, and celery could have been spared... they added absolutely no effect.Foreign and Domestic offered some great, unique food with local ingredients and amazing plating.  It is a winner for anyone looking for a crazy dining experience... and raw venison hearts... served with pig ears.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,3/8/2011,379,403,9,10,12>Hidden on the up and coming eastside of 6th and Comal stands a badass pizza joint. It just to happens to be across the street from one of my favorite breakfast spots in Austin too, Cisco's. And how Italo's managed to get such a big parking lot is beyond me! That is something I always complain about and sometimes what keeps me from coming back to a place. Well, believe me when I say I will be coming back for more than just the ample parking this place has to offer. Showed up at dinner time with some other Yelpers to try this place for the first time. The inside was larger than I thought it would be with a good amount of booths and a touch screen jukebox! The bar was cute and they had excellent happy hour prices. I suggested we sit outside on their huge patio because it was such great weather. AND because I knew our group of 5 was going to be a bit loud, and I was verrrry right. We took full advantage of the happy hour, and I bought my first Stella and loved it. $2 Lonestars and $3 for a Stella is a damn good price!Split a meaty  8" pizza ($8-$10) even though I kept saying I wasn't hungry because I wasn't since I already snacked a bunch before coming. But as soon as that first bite hit my mouth I couldn't stop eating even though I claimed I would only eat one piece =)  I was amazed how big our pizza was! I thought for sure it would be like tiny personal sized pizza only meant for 1. Wrong! Needless to say , our pizza was demolished in record timing. Forget the manners, we or should I say DAVID was eating and talking it up with his mouth full...you so classy!The owner Ben is really cool and came out and talked to us for awhile about the place, his inspiration for the way the pizza is made and his previews business ventures. He actually makes the pizza too! Can't wait to check out his other bar, the 04 bar on South Congress. Fun times with cheap drinks, cheap DELICIOUS pizza, and fun, hilarious company to top it off. Gotta love the eastside, full of cool up and coming spots! I will be back soon!!!My favorite quote of the night is from David :  "Different is just another word for ugly."  I don't even know what brought that up haha.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,3/7/2011,235,378,7,13,12>The Salt Lick is where you take out of town guests to shock them with the obscene amounts of meat Texan's can eat.  Sure, you could take them to County Line, but the drive out to Driftwood is really nice, especially in the spring when the wildflowers are a-bloomin.  It is cash only and BYOB, so load up your cyooler or ahhs chess (c'mon you might as well impress them with your Texas accent, too) with some cold beer and head on down.  Be prepared for a long wait.  The beer will come in handy at this point.  You can order ala carte, but that kind of defeats the purpose.  Just go ahead and do family style.  The sides at the Salt Lick are uniquely delicious.  The coleslaw and potato salad are not mayo-based (yay!!!).  Here's a tip-order the blackberry cobbler first!  It's so delicious, but you will not have room after the meal.  The car ride home will be filled with the painfully satisfied moans and groans of having eaten too much.  Salt Lick How-To:1. Bring cash (about $25/pp)2. Bring beer (enough to last a couple hours)3. Order family-style (this is not the time to wuss out)4. Order cobbler first (brilliant idea-order it to go and eat it while you are waiting for your table!)
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,3/6/2011,103,112,14,9,8>Oh SleaziumI've been here twice on 80's night, yet I've experienced a lot, and DJ Pumpkin Spice spins some great 80's tunes!Here are things that might happen to you (assuming you're a guy?)Get your clothes drenched in sweat from dancingMeet some girls that ask you to join them in a risque photoHave your shirt ripped open by said girl(s)Get discouraged at times by the wealth of lezziesGet hit on by a member of the same sex.  You could avoid the last one by sticking with a group, but where's the fun in that?
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,3/5/2011,324,543,13,12,15>Two clowns, a dirty cyclist and a bevy of punk rockers and bikers meander into a pizza joint ...Sounds like some setup for a really bad joke, but it's really just an ordinary evening at the Parlor.At first I was worried that my Parlor love was just based on the fact that I lived a block from there, but now that I live, like, several miles away and still want to come back, I know it's the pizza place for me!Now, the pizza isn't perfection, but it comes close. If you like a thicker crust and some creative toppings, it's the place to order a whole pie. You and a date won't finish one in a single meal, but if the date goes well, then you've got breakfast, too! And trust me, their pizzas are good cold. I'm not a vegan, but if I'm feeling the need to be a little healthier, their vegan-cheese options are much better than others I've had. What really sealed me on this place was taking six kids and three out-of-town adults here for lunch one day. We basically took over the place, using both pool tables and the video game console to entertain the kids (they were free), jamming tables together and otherwise being obnoxious. Luckily there was only one other customer in the place, and the bartender/cook/sole worker was really friendly to all. Two large cheese pizzas, two orders of garlic bread and plenty of drinks (good beer selection, by the way) later, we walked out with 10 stuffed people for under $50.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,3/4/2011,290,563,13,10,12>Ol' Rooster is a little late for the grand opening of Paggi House. Every yelper worthy of his or her elite status has graced this place before me. Better late than never I suppose. The story goes that I reunited with an old college friend on the facebook and I decided that Paggi would be the perfect place for that all important catch up dinner. I remember the first version of Paggi; but never made it in. Fine dining wasn't on my radar in my late teen years running around South Austin. I probably thought Furr's all you can eat was the best food on the planet. Times and tastes have changed for the better or at least that's my opinion. Lets start with the digs. Nice place with a great patio in the front. Really cool bar that I only visited after dinner on the way to the bathroom. We dined in the old house which presented its own issues. I know its old and props for the owners that deal with 100 year old everything. About five minutes into our dining experience the table nearly whacked my dining companion in the head. Uneven floors thanks to the age; the server carefully placed linen napkins to balance it out along with my size 10 work boots. At least it wasn't six Equal packets; who uses that stuff anyway. I'll say that the service is somewhat structured. I told Grandma I'd be back quickly but I think Paggi sets its own pace from the extra time it took to get us seated twenty minutes after our reservation. I ordered the John Daly. Shouldn't this drink come with a pack of smokes and a dozen donuts? It didn't yet I promise not to hold that against them. My friend ordered a Titos on the rocks with olives. Talk about getting the party started. I made this visit interesting trying a trio of appetizers. I'm sure the pork belly was a masterpiece with the clams and taters. I didn't care for the toothsome nature of the meat apart from the fatty layer. The steak tartare on the other hand was delicious. I love raw; but not that veggie crap. I'll pay the price for good food especially when it involves cooking a quail egg two ways before its served. Poached and then fried? That's serious credentials for the back of house staff. It was perfect. Moving onto my first Foie Gras experience. I was a bit timid having tried and hated every liver based dish I ever ate. Paggi made it work and every component was stellar. My friend had equal praise for the black grouper with baby spinach as her entree. The bread with black sea salt also deserved good marks. After the tab and the meal, we were amazed with the valet having the car ready. We drove southbound on Lamar and spent a few minutes watching my wife and my friends in a Zumba class. We peeked thru the blinds to see them shaking their rumps all over the place. A classy dinner with the entertainment of watching folks work out just after you sampled the good stuff. Whats not to love about that?
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,3/3/2011,155,309,6,14,11>As you all know, I like be the First to Review, and I like to do contractor reviews - and sharing these rare finds with my friends! Contactor reviews are challenging because 1.) they require lots of details to be helpful, 2.) they can be Loo-ooong, 3.) the length can make them a challenge to be Funny or Cool, 4.) I don't want to offend small contractors on their first review - with ME trying to be Funny or Cool.--------------------------------------------------­-----------Solid 4.5 Star performance, and I am a FAN!Nathan Sloas and Madison Custom Cabinets came recommended to us by some close friends that did a kitchen remodel.  They liked their new cabinets SO MUCH, they also had MadCabs re-do their living room.The results were so impressive it changed their ENTIRE HOUSE.Design process; 5 Stars. Nathan provided many terriffic design ideas -ideas that only come from designing more than 600 sets of cabinets! He was easy to work with and the 3D colored perspectives of the 'new look' was wonderful for allowing us to envision the finished product.Kitchen Demolition; +5 Stars. Ediver and his Team were quick, efficient AND clean. Ediver proved to be a GREAT communicator AND he was a source of comfort when there was uncertainly (whos doing what and when).  When I was thinking about 37 things that need to be done, Ediver was the MAN. He is actually a bit like the Dude Jeff Lebowski  - he was like "just chill man".  "NOTHING you guys are going thru is unusual, man. If anything is broke (it wasn't), we can fix it - so don't worry"! And I so I didn't.  (I'll follow-up on this review once the final work with Ediver is done.)Work Product;  5 Stars. Installer (Fri) was professional, pleasant and an excellent communicator. The installation process was flawless, and Fri showed great patience and terriffic attention to detail - which is what you want from your 'finish carpenters'.Product quality (of the cabinets) was superior from doors to drawer. Materials, construction and finish were top shelf! Pay a bit more for 'quiet close' hinges on drawers AND doors (easy and very quiet) and you will be pleased! On time Delivery; 4.5 stars. Being without a kitchen for over 10 days SUCKS BALLZ, but Nathan and Team did EVERYTHING POSSIBLE to shorten this time.   Communcation; 2 stars.   Since being without a kitchen for ANY amount of time is worse than rolling naked in grass burrs, having a contractor to set your expectations of when/who/how is paramount. The formula goes like this; UNDER COMMIT, and OVER DELIVER. EVERY. TIME.  If there are any slip-ups, be proactive and call me RIGHT NOW ...and come clean.  With the absolute Hell I gave them on this issue, I am 110% confident Nathan will get this important detail corrected going forward. Kristen in their office was always helpful.Overall, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND contacting Madison Custom Cabinets for any of your cabinet needs. You'll dig it THE MOST and wonder 'Why didn't I do this sooner'?
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,3/2/2011,84,133,3,19,8>I just wanted to get a quick review out there to let everyone know that Haddington's is officially up and running & is off to a great start.  For those of you that don't  know Haddington's is run by the same folks that run Mulberry. I think Haddington's was inspired by a London pub & I guess the ambiance/atmosphere of Haddington's is pub-like in a comfortable sort of way.  Haddington's is much more upscale than any pub that I've ever been to though.   There are actually a couple of bars at Haddington's.  I ended up sitting at the front bar with a couple of guys that agreed that Haddington's seemed a lot like the Parkside but had a much better wine selection.Haddington's has an amazing selection of liquor - wonderful cocktails, scotches/whiskeys, a great wine selection and some excellent draft beers.  There are maybe 7-8 high end drafts.  I ended up drinking an IPA from Boulder call Avery; very tasty.   They  have a ton of  classy, bottled beers but I didn't actually get a look at the bottled beer menu (there are separate menus for food, cocktails, wine and beer).Dinner entries included fish & chips, scallops, pork chops, brined chicken, pasta, trout, duck meatloaf and london broil.   Prices range from $15-$30.   My food was excellent.  I ended up ordering the london broil; yum!  I also tasted the wonderful "British" meatballs which had a nice spicy kick that I am sure that you don't get back in the home country.  They are open from 11AM until 2AM Monday-Friday.  Lunch is served  from 11AM until 3PM & dinner is served from 5PM until 11PM.   They are going to serve brunch from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturdays and Sundays.Based on my one visit, I am guessing that Haddington's will be a great place to frequent whether  you want just a drink, a bite to eat or both. I definitely have to give Haddington's 2 thumbs up and encourage y'all to try it out soon.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,3/1/2011,29,81,12,17,12>Dear Black Swan,Thank you for reminding me what a calm/peaceful moment feels like. I know it sounds like I'm getting too attached or emotional so early in our relationship, but I feel like we have a connection. I loved your music selection, and the fact that it didn't sound like it came from a hippy inspired elevator.  I also love that I don't have to be too committed in my relationship and sign a bunch of forms, or buy some class card to get the discount. So thanks for the great time BS, you sure know how to make a girl feel relaxed. With sweaty/yoga inspired keeses,Colleen
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,2/28/2011,458,426,11,20,15>Fellow Yelpers, I declare Grill Haven to be the greatest food trailer in Austin. Whether you measure such things by price, by the freshness of the ingredients, by the inventiveness of the menu, by the friendliness of the service--you'll find Grill Haven coming up with five stars on all fronts.The sandwiches are the safest bets for unadventurous eaters. There's a serviceable French dip, a hearty (if not huge) Reuben, and a turkey/avocado flavor-bomb served on an impeccably toasted and buttered Kaiser roll. Each of these bad boys is served up for a cool four bucks.Now it gets interesting: The tacos are $2.50 each. My friend had the sausage/egg (which looked great, if not much different than a standard breakfast taco). I got the fried egg/smoked salmon taco. Strange combo? Perhaps, but the dill-infused yogurt cheese sealed the flavors beautifully. This was one of the best things I've had in a long, long time.The last taco I tried had fried shrimp, eggs, white cabbage and cilantro tapenade. Again, a culinary risk that paid off big time.The sides I've had so far include crinkle-cut sweet potato fries ($1.50, served with a creamy lime sauce that I could put on ANYTHING) and a delightful cabbage/mint slaw flavored with garlic and lemon juice ($1.75).Grill Haven is one of a few trailers in the small lot on the southwest corner of South First and Live Oak. There are a few tables, a fire pit, and a convenient spigot for hand-washing.This isn't one of the places to consider for lunch only if you're "in the area." This is one of those rare places worth visiting, even if you have to drive across town. It's THAT good.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,2/27/2011,89,252,7,16,11>O. M. G. Two pastries, three breakfast tacos, less than five bucks?Pardon me. Two flaky, sweet, delicious pastries (whose names I don't know and thus can't identify), three homemade, hot, cheesy, savory breakfast tacos, for LESS THAN FIVE BUCKS? Amazing. (Note: We took the advice of many others, got coffee to-go from Pacha, and ate our tacos and pastries at home!)
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,2/26/2011,90,138,11,11,11>It's big. It's Chill. It's warm in just the right places. It's . . . Likkity! Crazy good!Awesome frozen custard, delicious homemade hot fudge and homemade whip cream. I went for the medium strawberry hot fudge sundae, really more than I can handle, but I did my best. Perfect on a warm Austin fall day. Really, go for the sundae, go wild with the mix ins, don't let that little voice in the back of your head hold you back. That voice isn't really your friend.The setting is is really put together. Covered seating (with fans) and colorful little picnic tables. This is truck eat'n done right. The owner was super nice and super friendly. It's definitely nicer than the psych ward at Bellevue.The only way this would be better if it was somewhere else other than deep south austin.  Probably all for the best because this would be awfully tempting to stop by if it was anywhere near convenient.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,2/25/2011,188,425,10,14,16>I had the pleasure of visiting my favorite steak house prompted by a Facebook challenge.  Basically Austin Land and Cattle had a genius marketing push to get more fans on their Facebook page.  After a certain date, all the new members would be invited to a free steak sampler night.  Sounds good right?  Monday night rolls around and I'm pondering what a steak sampler would include.  Also, there were at least 200 people who had rsvp'd for this event, leading to extended special hours.  I was very close to throwing in the towel and not even going.  Luckily my coworkers prodded me to join them after work and see what they had to offer.  Boy was I glad I went.  Never was I expecting this kind of service for a free food offering.  We were warmly greeted as we walked in and shown a table.  Then a special menu was offered - with information on the steak sampler, and a few appetizers, sides and drinks.  These options were all greatly reduced from the regular menu.  So here is the steak sampler - you get (3) 2 oz. cuts of 3 steaks - rib eye, filet and sirloin with a choice of sauce.  Really?  Put those cuts of meat together and you have a regular steak portion for FREE.  I have to give super amazing kudos for this idea.  Perfect, perfect concept.  My steaks, sides and salad were excellent.  Service was impeccable.  I would have never believed we were treated any differently than the paying customers sitting next to us.  Drinks were quickly refilled and flowing.  Thank you Austin Land and Cattle for putting this event together and reminding me how much I missed you.  I promise I'll be back, prices be damned!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,2/23/2011,59,166,9,18,10>I do not consider myself a violent person, but there were some dishes I would not mind killing someone for .  No, this is not premeditated murder, but let's just say I was glad that they did not run out of food when I asked for another order of some of the dishes.As another reviewer mentioned - arrive either before 630pm or after 930pm.  I arrived with 3 out of my party of 5 at around 6:10pm.  Even though we had to wait for the rest of the group, our server - Monica was very easy going with us just waiting while our friends battled the horrendous evils of driving down Lamar or I-35 .Alright, let's just to the food - note that these were offered in Jan 2011, things could be added to the menu or off due to what's seasonal and coming from the vendors.So you give your entire order at the beginning, and they'll bunch certain dishes together for a 3-4 course meal (i.e. apps, soups, entrees)Brussel sprouts - lots of people doing these fried brussel sprouts lately - a good start, cooked where there was still come crisp. capers and lemon were a nice touch to still give it some brightnessRoasted Beets - just as it sounds, some slices of roasted beets, shaved fennel, etc - nothing too fancy you can't make at home though,  still a good starter thoughScallops - 2-3.  I prefer mine to be a bit more caramelized, but it was a typical scallop dish, good texture.  These were prob U-16's.  Nothing too amazing, but sometimes you just need your scallops.Octopus - the white beans and chorizo were a nice compliment, nice big pieces and you could really get the wood flavor in there.  A nice contrast to the typical fried calamari you find at other restaurants that hides the real taste of food with the deep fried batterGrilled beef with bone marrow risotto - MURDER ALERT!!! - we ordered this twice, beef was cooked perfectly - little char on the outside, sweet red inside.   The risotto made you want to close your eyes and savor the moment.  I was tempted to lick the bowl with my tongue.Special - one that day was this sunchoke puree with pork belly and this pickled mushroom. - oh dear . . .  we ordered 3 of these.  Do not share this.  This is not something you share unless you want to fight to the death or to the pain . . . Creamy smooth, so earthy.  I admit I was so excited that I stuffed the pork belly in my mouth and was puffing air just to cool it as the fatty goodness  melted itself on my tongue.  This was a derivative item on the menu.  They had a lot of sunchokes and they decided to do the soup.Special 2 - chicken, wrapped in bacon, stuffed with foie gras.  This was a 4 out of 5 star.  Depending on your piece, you might not get a distinct foie gras taste.  This dish was well done because the bacon wrapped around it all, made it seem like it was simply the skin.  I recommend eating a full piece yourself instead of sharing just so you get the full experience of a piecePig Trotter - crispy crust - think panko crust.  This was so so for some friends.  Some compared it to eating steak fingers back in middle school as far as texture goes.  I think the taste of the other dishes were so strong that we expected more from this one - a little underwhelming.  Rabbit Stew - awesome creamy grits, leg and loin.  You would think - leg - dark meat - better than the loin.  I picked up a piece of loin thinking it would be dry - so juicy you would have thought you it was drenched in rabbit confit.  My friend commented on the irony of the small carrots being served with the rabbit. "This could have been the rabbit's last meal served next to him"All in all, great food.  Great service.  Nothing too pretentious about this place.  Professional but still relaxed like Austin.  The manager walked around - nice untucked shirt and jeans.  He didn't just watch, he was a part of service as he would check in with people and pick up finished plates as well.  Our server welcomed our extra orders after our first round.When I asked Jason (the manager) if they were thinking of extending hours to include lunch, he told me probably not for now because the guys come in at 9am already to prep for the dinner service.  I love a company that isn't just about getting bigger and making more profit.  Jason talked about not overworking (aka killing) the people that already work there and how things currently have their flow.  Good food, good business practices.  My kind of place.See ya'll there, but I don't know if I'll really share any food with you.  I might have to kill you for that pork belly.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/22/2011,68,205,24,19,17>I reckon my Grampy knows just about all there is to know about chicken fried steak. He's traveled up and down the rambling freeways of this great state, and he's eaten chicken fried steak in more grimy truck-stops, diners, and small town cafes than any man ever should.When Grampy cuts himself, he bleeds white cream gravy. He can and will bend your ear for hours at a time, carefully explaining the crucial differences between chicken fried steak and the lesser country fried steak.Some might say that there are better culinary items to obsess about. We should be focused on stuff like stinky cheeses and the nether-regions of unfortunate chickens served on sticks from Chinese food carts. Some say that chicken fried steak is a coarse and unworthy entree. After all, it's just a cheap cut of steak that is battered and cooked in hot oil. HA HA! Grampy and I pity those misguided souls. Grampy will tell you (eyes wistfully misting with what looks suspiciously like gravy) that a great chicken fried steak has a soul. A tender, salty, crunchy soul. It's so much more than a vehicle for soaking up gravy. The ingredients interact in a delicate symphony: the tempestuous hot oil, the yin and yang of the salt and pepper, the rearthy steak, and the soggy/crispy duet sung by gravy and batter. A chicken fried steak can be a joy forever, but, like pizza, mediocrity is all too common. We've all seen the dark side of this noble dish. Plucked from a greasy pile in some cafeteria line warming tray and smothered in gloppy gravy, the mediocre steak is an over-fried piece of joyless army boot leather only loosely clad in a batter shell that just won't stay attached. Those steaks are better left for inmates or for gluttonous college students. Luckily, there's the Blue Oak Grill. Grampy and I ordered up some chicken fried steaks to go from this new 'local' Round Rock enterprise. The carry out order process was seamless, smooth, and impressive. Our food was immaculately packaged in a series of landfill-wrecking, yet fantastically functional cardboard containers.When we unveiled the food, Grampy almost wept. The chicken fried steaks were spectacular hand-battered slabs the size of Luxembourg.The first course of action was the tenderness test. I expected Grampy to reach for his butter knife, but he surprised me by using his fork. He cut through the steak easily with the fork's dull edge. Only the creme de la creme, the top 3% of steaks pass this initial test. Grampy grunted his approval and moved on to the taste test.It was everything that a chicken fried steak should be. This steak had soul. I felt it talking to me of days gone by. Simpler times with swimmin holes, collard greens, and catching fireflies at the edge of the woods.This dadgum chicken fried steak was so tasty that Grampy and I scuttled our leftover plans. Half of this gargantuan meal was to be carefully saved for dinner later. We just couldn't stop until every last bite was gone. I got gravy stains on my shirt, and now my good work pants won't fit any more. I looked over to Grampy to get his verdict. "Now that is a chicken fried steak! Did I ever tell you about Hamburger Steak? There's nothing like a great hamburger steak" But that, my friends, is a story for another time.Two gravy-soaked thumbs up for the Blue Oak Grill.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,2/21/2011,381,228,5,13,11>Holy Hopdoddy! Not realizing this place was exclusively burgers, I ordered the "turkey club" thinking it was a turkey sandwich, my favorite. Instead, obviously, it is a turkey burger. Having never had a turkey burger in my life, I was skeptical. However, I was NOT disappointed. In fact, I was thrilled! Not only was it amazing, it made me think I could give up red meat all together. This place makes their own meat so the turkey patty was filled with yummy peppers and spices. They also make their own bread so the bun was out of this world as well. Seriously, best burger ever. I can't wait to go back and try more things! The inside was super cute and I really loved everything about it.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,2/20/2011,368,209,7,14,11>It's 9 AM and you were just asked by your boss to order lunch for everyone in the office. Yeeps! Besides pizza or Chinese, who to call? Alonti is a great option because 1. You can order on line 2. They need just 3 hours' notice 3. The menu includes a little bit of everything. At my office, we've enjoyed the taco salad bar, the bagels and muffins buffet, and I think we've had the baked potato bar. All yummy.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,2/19/2011,88,115,35,26,41>Completely different from their trailer over by the Liberty  Bar; more Japanese oriented mini-meals.   If you're getting tired of the Odd Duck scene (knowing you must love them from afar...& when the Fates allow...& if they're open), then coming here is a MUST.  The expense is comparable to the other trailers, Bar 96 has plenty of seating, & it looks like dogs are completely allowed.  Surprisingly I found their skewered teriyaki chicken BETTER than the pork belly, but both were WONDERFUL.The way I see it, I'm Chinese...if East Side Kings GIVES me one of their guys...we'll consider it part of an Asian reparations package.  I know I'LL be happier.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,2/18/2011,462,751,10,16,16>There ares several reasons why I love La Boite.1. The discussion with one of the owners/partners about how it was a minority owned business due to the fact that she was a New Zealander. I couldn't help but express my condolences for the oppression of her people. Good conversation!2. Croissants. Lovely and flaky and everything a croissant should be.3. The Bacon and Egg Tart with locally produced bacon, blew my pants off! Not literally, of course.4. La Boite, or The Box is Austin's first TEU container restaurant/cafe. I love the reuse of something that might be seen as useless. Awesome.Yet another triumph for the food cart genre in Austin! I love it and I will be back.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,2/17/2011,160,195,6,19,16>This place is a GEM!  I'm unsure if I should review this place because I don't want it to be overrun like Franklin's BBQ but alas I can't hold back.I am so ecstatic that stand that serves TASTY, traditional Mexican tacos.  Today, I went to Elotes Locos on a mission to try their tasty corn treat.  Basically a cup of corn mixed with some cream or something, seasoned and absolutely delicious.  Unfortunately, by 12:20, they soldout!Their menu boasts Tacos Al Pastor (marinated pork) or Tacos Bistek (steak) - $5 for 4 tacos.  Granted these babies are a little smaller than normal tacos but damn, I fell in love with them.My friends really said it best, he said wow, this is what its like back in Monterrey, Mexico.  It's not some taco covered in cheese and sauce, creating the flavor of the taco.  Instead, the meat has been so well marinated that it MAKES me taco amazing.  Thats what Elotes Locos does so well.  I loved my Tacos Al Pastor, I could have eaten 20.  The pork had AMAZING flavor, a little tangy, a little salty, and just enough HEAT to let me know it was there.  It came topped with my favs, cilantro and onions.  They provided some limes for extra tang if necessary.  This place is about the BOLD flavors as mentioned above.  The cheese they use is quesa fresco? It just accents the dish, it doesn't take over the taco like Tex-Mex places do.My friend sampled the Mexadilla, basically a gringa for those who know what that is.  Very similar to a quesadilla.  My Mexican friend absolutely loved his dish.  His favorite part was the salsa, its not the Tex-Mex stuff we get here, it was unique.  I tried it and it had more of a chili taste and different type of heat to it.  Very Yummy.I cant wait to come back and get the elotes I was looking for.  In addition this place serves a FRIED hot dog WRAPPED in BACON.  I am extremely taken over with joy that I have an AMAZING taco place within in walking distance of my apartment.  This place is gonna be booming with fall hits with all the UT students taking this stand over. Editor's Note: I wrote this when the trailer was next to the UT campus, it's now by Lil Woodrows off of Parmer.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,2/16/2011,239,180,29,8,12>I suspect that the staff here spend their nights off at Beauty Bar.  You know... they're those stylish, young, lithe, skinny little wisps.  They obviously haven't hit the point in life yet where looking at the kind of food that they serve affects what I call the "cottage cheese factor".  Ladies, you know what I'm talking about.  Your tastebuds are feelin' up the chicken-fried antelope and freakin' on the dancefloor, but your saddlebags are quivering in the corner begging not to be flogged again.  And after a meal here, you know your ass is gonna look like a bag of quarters with hail damage.  Like, thirty minutes later you'll need to be shopping for clothes 2 sizes up.  If you're over 30, you're probably asking yourself, is a bacon waffle worth it?  What about a peanut butter-banana-bacon bierock?  How about the hashbrown casserole?  Or perhaps the corn pudding, or biscuits and gravy?  Damn straight it's worth every DUHLISHUS calorie.  Now get your ass on the treadmill, that crap was stupid good!Also, our service was great.  We had a baby with us and everyone was super friendly.  Even the guy whose hairstyle fooled my baby-daddy into thinking he was surely wearing a backwards wig.  (No, honey, that's how the cool kids wear it these days)!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,2/15/2011,215,283,13,13,13>Yarrrg I'm hungry matey, why Triangle GC? 1. friendly (cute) employee attitude even though they are crammed in that sad tiny space by the register2. cushy corner booths that make me wanna nap after a few minutes, leaning on/around/in laps of friends3. Unnecessarily huge nice open ceiling4. frozen mimosa/sangria machinery5. sweet potato fries6. gluten-free menu (someobdy said the s.p. fries are not gluten free in a review around here, but I have no idea how that is so. Wth do you fry in that's not gluten free? These fries are not battered, man. And regular fries are not battered either, so unless they got onion rings in there, I dunno...). I still ate 'em. Oops?7. The Holy Grail of Gluten Free Desserts, the flourless chocolate tort8. The Free Wi-Fi9. Entire menu in Braille for vision impaired folks10. assortment of free Dum-Dum lollipops for the lollipop inclinedAvast, scurvy dogs, we are taking over the cafe. Bring me another frozen mimosa, Sparrow!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,2/14/2011,235,240,8,15,12>Most. Amazing. Class. Ever. Today.Seriously, it was like a mini-religious experience it was so awesome. And it's Sunday, too. You know, the day of God. In this case God = Bikram Choudhury. But seriously, why do you care if I had a great class today or not, right? Welp! Because... any naysayers out there who say this yoga is so hard and they just can't do it... my advice is just to power through. I've been 6 times in the last 8 days and I FINALLY had that "ah hah!" moment that I've been waiting for. And that ah-hah moment will carry me here again and again. Just power through! Oh, and try to go to one of Skylar's classes. He's really awesome and motivating and really helped me get focused and feel like it was a class of one (me) instead of in reality having to stare at the back of some really hairy man the whole time.Love this place. Love this practice.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,2/13/2011,209,219,15,8,11>As a Red Sox fan, the idea of patronizing a Yankee-loving business disgusts me.  There I was, eating the best lox bagel sandwich I've had in Austin, staring at a picture of the 2000 Yankee roster, and debating between swallowing the delicious food or spitting it all over said picture.  I ultimately chose to digest the food, but I've decided to never dine-in again.  Yes, they've got great bagels, yummy cream cheese, and sport some tasty coffee, but  my next visit I'm putting blinders on.  Because if I see all that Yankee paraphernalia again, I'm torching that place*...after I eat all their delicious bagels, of course.*totally not going to torch the place, just used for emphasis...please, no feds.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,2/12/2011,238,365,18,17,12>The longest relationship I've had with a hairstylist lasted about two years. His name was David; he was flamboyant and colorful, and he told me hilarious stories about his love life and his man parties. Then, abruptly one day, David moved away. It was a sad, sad day.I spent the next two years casually courting a stylist named Frankie; he told me funny stories about Splash weekend, and we both cried when his mom passed. Even though Frankie was super cool, and I loved talking to him, he just didn't do my hair right.  During my time with Frankie, I still continued seeing other stylists, but I just never found THE ONE. Then, one day, it happened. I met Tiffany. She came highly recommended by my co-worker. I spent a couple of weeks looking at her website and secretly analyzing my co-worker's hair before I booked my appointment. You see, I've had some bad experiences with women stylists. I was skeptical. When I met Tiffany, a lot of my fears were put to rest. She is friendly and personable, so it was easy to talk to her and explain to her how I wanted my hair cut. She really listened to what I had to say and really tried to give me exactly what I wanted. Most of the time, after a stylist has finished styling my hair, I'd want to run home and wash out my hair. They usually do something funky with my hair - like give me a giant puff on the top of my head or flip my hair out. But not Tiffany. She knows how to style my hair properly. I'm not ashamed to be seen in public after Tiffany has done my hair. I've been going to Tiffany for the last two years, and I absolutely love her. She's the best! She's funny! She's beautiful! She's cool! She's everything you could ever want in a stylist! Go to her now, but please don't take up all her appointments.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,2/11/2011,611,369,17,13,10>If you're a fan of skinny jeans, yoga, organic food, Cafe Mundi, being locavore, and the east side but you just can't bring yourself to rise any time before the crack of noon on a weekend (i.e., you're waking up on a couch and feeling your hangover by the time the downtown farmer's market is closing up at 1 on Saturdays)...Well then you're a fucking hipster!  Oh, and you'll probably love this place.  The hours are later, the produce is fresh.  Funky fresh.  There's local shops galore, good things to eat, good people to look at, and good karma for supporting such a noble thing as a farmer's market.  There's not AS MUCH produce as you'd find say at Sunset Valley, but there's such a young, hip, organic mix that you're okay with that.  It's not like hipsters actually eat anyway.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,2/10/2011,257,292,14,4,5>This was not my first trip to Titaya's, but I haven't yet written a review. I will preface everything with the contentious statement that this is the best Thai food I've had in Austin. So as to avoid receiving the "oh, that's so sad. he's eating all alone." stares from the other patrons, I placed a to-go order and went over to Half Price Books to buy a copy of a book I already have 6 copies of (but this one has a different cover!). In any case, I ordered the Jungle Curry. It's a red curry broth that is chock full of vegetables and flavor. My meat selection was chicken. It came with brown rice, which made me feel smart and healthy even though it was automatic with the order. The Jungle Curry is rated with three chili peppers. It does have an adequate amount of spice, but not so much that you can't taste every ingredient involved. The extra plus is that I get to have it again for lunch today! Ooh, and fun story: My first trip here was on a date. Being a late bloomer, I never got to have most of your awkward experiences of kissing someone with braces. This was my second date with this character, and he'd just gotten braces put on. Incidentally, he also just got a breathalyzer contraption put on his car due to a DWI. My meal then was the Pad Kee Mao and it was delicious. He may or may not have gotten another DWI shortly after. I'm not sure if it's true or if it was just an excuse not to go on another date....... I need a hug.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,2/9/2011,392,147,30,17,19>There's nothing too wild about Wild Basin.What you'll find here is a few--not more--miles of gentle hiking on pleasant hills, within shouting distance of 360.You'll find a quaint waterfall fed by a babbling brook, quaint shrubs that you should not put in your pocket and sell on eBay, and quaint hikers who say 'hi' and don't murder you.You'll not find Grizzly Adams riding his Grizzly to a craggy, frozen, windswept peak.If you were looking for that, you came to the wrong damn basin.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,2/8/2011,354,138,18,13,17>Holy Bajeebus!  This place is the thing kids and dentists dream of!  I was cruising Soco and was thirsty for a soda but what I got was oh so much more.  We were strolling down the dirty Soco with her crooked sidewalks and overcrowded vintage shops when I look up to see, in old fashioned lettering, sodas, candy, etc.  I didn't look at the sign, my thirst for fizzy lifting drink got me in.  What a happy accident!  My head was spinning with all the confections and circus decor.  I thought I'd stepped into a time warp and landed in a candy shop from a bygone era.  It was the best thing I've seen in ages.Children were running in circles with their heads ready to explode, and little bags were loading up while they salivated over the sugar buzz that was soon to come.  I wouldn't tell them that what was to come shortly afterward was a crash, fits, tantrums, whatever kind of delirium tremons resulted from coming down off a hellacious candy bender.  I knew.  But I did not tell.I found candies I'd not seen in decades.  A real soda machine complete with a jerk.  They even called themselves jerks!  Every kind of candy you can imagine from the obscure to the typical was tempting me.  I saw candy covered crickets, scorpions, bacon; I saw truffles of every kind, not just the sugar doses, but chocolate, sweet chocolate.  I was astounded.  My diet would be put on hold til I finished a peanut butter cup that was more of a double stack of choco-peanut buttery goodness.  My lady had a salted caramel truffle and was kind enough to give me a taste.Then it hit us, get the eight year old $25 worth of gift certificates for Christmas!  She would be in debt to us 'til next year when we could do it again, BWAHAHAHAH!  I could bring her into town and get her  over her fear of hobos, and clowns in one fell swoop.  Yeah, she's afraid of hobos, it's another story.  I would recommend this candy shop to anyone with a mouth.  If you don't have a mouth, you have more problems than I can help you with.  I am coming down now... need a nap.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,2/7/2011,348,383,7,13,14>I was absolutely ravenous when I stopped by here today. No breakfast. longish meeting. Now it was around 12:15 PM. I even briefly considered ordering an entire pie and chowing down on it myself. I know when I finally do that, judging from the spectacular menu choices and the fast and friendly service today, Giovanni's will earn the 5th star.I settled on 2 slices. And they were massive! They nearly filled up an entire pizza box, so it was pretty much like killing a whole pizza anyway! My toppings of choice were pepperoni and jalapeno. Delicious, thin, crunchy yet foldable. I had more jalapenos on those slices than I have had on whole pizzas from the big 3 chains before!The slices were ready in mere minutes. I barely had a chance to look at the very well-stocked beer case. Many different selections here that go way beyond a typical Valero. The wine in front of Giovanni's area looked great too. Perhaps he (and I am not sure if the owner's name is actually Giovanni!) has personally selected these bottles to go with his pizzas?Also of note - plenty of HFCS free Mexican Coke and Dublin Dr Pepper! I was able to pay for my pizza and DP at the Valero cash register using a debit card. Probably cash is best though.I devoured those two pieces of pizza in the car and didn't even care I had some hot grease fall on my pants. I was THAT famished. And now it's almost 6:30 and I am using all my superpowers not to trek all the way over there again today!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,2/6/2011,100,112,10,15,14>Wowzers!  This place serves the most amazing cheesesteaks!  Lemme break it down for my Yelpsters...1)  The Bread:  Previously, they served the cheesesteak on a slightly harder bread, topped with sesame seeds.  While delicious, I prefer the current roll a little more.  Now, the cheesesteak comes on a softer, white roll, sans sesame seeds.  It maintains its shape and texture.  Furthermore, doesn't  suck up the juices of the sandwich, thus becoming a pile of mush.  = fabulous2)  The Cheese:  At first glance, one may not see the cheese.  Instead of cheesewiz, the sandwich contains delicious American cheese that melts right into the steak.  Although you may not see a large clump of cheese on the sandwich, take your first bite and you will experience the tasty, creamy cheese.  Warning, the cheese and steak juices tend to sneak out of the back of your sandwich while taking a bite - so protect your clothing/furniture and be sure to keep a little piece of bread till the end to clean up those remaining juices ;)3)  The Steak:  Thin slices, YES!  I absolutely love the thinly sliced, generous helping of steak provided on the sandwich.  It's so tender and tasty that it almost melts in your mouth.  The combination of the steak, juices, and cheese makes for a very enjoyable experience.Basically peeps; go get one!  The sandwich may be a little pricey to some, but trust me, it is well worth it! :)
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,2/5/2011,184,302,7,17,15>Yay the pub is open!I've been a member for a while, something like four years.  Steve B and were at a craft brewers festival at Fiesta Gardens and he said "Hey, you should join Black Star." and pliable friend that I am, I agreed.For the past four years, that meant for a nominal price i could say I supported a locally run cooperative effort to build a brew pub, but in tangible terms it meant I got invited to occasional social events with free beer.  But now my friends, the wait is over, and man was it worth it.  Sitting in an airy, modern space, looking out floor-to-ceiling glass at the Crestview light rail station, with the cool trains coming and going, I had a nice "new Austin" moment while sharing beers and food with people I love.They aren't serving their own beer yet, but the choices available are top notch.  Heck, I'd expect a brewpub, even one not yet serving their own beer, to offer great beer choices.It was the food that wow'ed me.  We shared a meat and cheese plate, homemade beer nuts, and an order of Shrimp and Grits - all were excellent.  The whole menu was so interesting and different I was raving about it all night.Beware!  Get a glass of water ready when you start to eat the beer nuts.  They have a pretty good kick to them.  Kind of like cajun peanut brittle, the mix of peanuts and pecans in a sweet bark with a back end of fiery goodness.  Mmmmmm.The shrimp and grits plate was photo-worthy in its presentation - I was not being annoying camera-boy this day, so you'll have to go view it for yourself.  Beyond the artistic presentation, though, the flavor and texture of the shrimp and grits was wonderful.I'm so very happy that Black Star has not only opened the pub, but that first impressions were so good.  The place was steadily busy the whole time we were there.  If they could only get approval to place a bunch of European-style tables with Cinzano umbrellas in the piazza between the pub and the rail station!One of the more interesting aspects of Black Star is their tipping policy.  They make sure you know that they pay their employees a living wage, so there is no tipping expected.  What a nice surprise.A good omen for new Austin, in my estimation.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,2/4/2011,325,414,13,13,20>I'm sure I shouldn't be allowed to yelp this place.I've never bought my own drinks. I've never gotten up on stage.I've also never stopped smiling the whole time I'm there. And I've never been disappointed by the performances I've seen. You've gotta get there early enough to put your name on the list. And watch the scroll at the bottom--it'll warn you when you're up. (love that!)And, well, yeah, you kinda just have to get a jello shot. Or two.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,2/3/2011,271,209,10,17,12>Wow, I am seriously impressed with this place. I'm Jewish, so you know I take my Chinese food seriously. And I'm pretty much ALWAYS disappointed. I expected another Pei Wei-type place, given the ordering style and similar setup. My first surprise was walking in and finding such a pleasant atmosphere. The decor is simple but very welcoming. Much nicer than it appears from outside. Having read the reviews here we decided to try the General Tso chicken, Mongolian beef, and bacon green beans. I was also intrigued by the Chinese chips (fried noodles with a light sugar sprinkling). Everything was delicious. The veggies were not overcooked (a feat in and of itself), with bright, fresh colors and taste. The green beans were crisp and nicely seasoned, and the "chips" were a fun treat, especially dipped in Chinese hot mustard (yes, EVERYTHING is better with Chinese mustard - mmmmmm). I loved the Mongolian beef, the meat was tender, the flavors were delicious, and it went with the fried rice we upgraded to really nicely. The General Tso chicken was a TINY smidgen dry inside, but nice and crisp inside, with a nice sweet sauce. There were lots of scary red chili peppers, but we avoided them and it wasn't very hot.The portions are large, too - we have enough food for easily a second meal, and maybe a third. Everyone was SUPER friendly, and from behind the counters everyone made a point to talk with us and check in on us. Not to an annoying extent, but they genuinely seemed to care what we thought of the food.I've had such a hard time finding good Chinese food here in Austin, I'm very happy that a Lunch Deal coupon led me up there to try the place. My only complaint is that they are way up on Burnet Road. If they were by my house I'd practically live there. As it is, I'm sure I'll find some reason to head out that way from time to time so we can go back. I'm looking forward to trying some of the other dishes recommended here.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,2/2/2011,62,69,18,17,13>Forgive me Yelp, it has been 2 months since my last review. While you can buy most anything on the corner of Woodward and South Congress the best deal you will find is a sofa from Simply Austin Furniture. Penny Britton is a remarkably nice business owner with a well honed ability to seek out and provide good modern furniture at a reasonable price.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,2/1/2011,303,155,29,31,26>So siblings Jeremy and Angela swarmed down from another planet called IOWA on a gigantic UFO called a Fried Pork Tenderloin and landed in Austin, TX. They decided to stay and serve up this little piggy, fried battered and perfectly seasoned for us earthlings. Although I am from a planet that start with and "I" in the same galaxy.They serve up some mean fries and Angela created a chipotle, mayo sauce that was divine. I used it for my fries and slapped it on my sandwich. They also make their own buns everyday. I opted for the Jalapeno one. Soft and yummy! My partner and I split the large and some fries. They brought them out on separate plates so that we wouldn't have to struggle doing it ourselves. I asked if anyone eats one on their own and they responded yes that there is one guy who comes in 3 times a week for one. $6.50 for a gigantuous sandwich made fresh when you order and comes out quickly. Combo it for $2 and you are set. They also take credit cards. They also serve a Portabella sandwich and burgers. I will probably try both but I am in love with the pork at this point. I guess and pig eating a pig makes me a cannibal!Thank you Iowa. I know you must miss your familiars. LUCKY for us though. Jeremy and Angela are human friendly!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,1/31/2011,90,161,10,19,15>It's tough to admit as a father that i am not a very good teacher/tutor for my daughters math needs. Heck...even i was confused and challenged by the TAKS weird questions and other assignments. So i reluctantly surrendered and found Lacie Taylor of Taylor-Made Tutoring. And what a great find. Five minutes after meeting Lacie you will feel comfortable with her and her methods. Her warm, calm and encouraging approach to teaching various learning methodologies is something i could never do. And so my daughter took to her lessons immediately, i am happy to say. She has responded very well and the improvements she has made are a great reflection upon Lacie's skills as a teacher. Another benefit to Taylor-Made Tutoring's math program is that they offer an in-home tutoring option where instead of having to drive in and out of Lacie's place of business, she has other tutors on her staff who will come to your home for the lessons. This is a valuable alternative at times. Taylor-Made Tutoring offers tutoring from elementary levels to very high math courses and we will likely be using her summer math camp to really get ahead this year.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,1/30/2011,232,273,23,13,14>My Rio's Brazilian introduction came through the recommendation of Yelper Darla A. and let's just say that I got more then I bargained for on both of my visits. Visit 1: Walk up to meet Darla at a table on the patio with two friends of hers. Find out that one of them was the owner who was chilling having a beer with his fellow customers and the other lady a friendly stranger just waiting for her food. Pretty cool when the owner is that laid back and other patrons are friendly enough to sit with others for light conversation. Even better were the table umbrellas to block the sun and fan misters keeping us cool.  Yay, I like so far. Then came flattering compliments from the owner. *blush* let's just say he has mastered the art of flattery. Food was really freaking good with the chicken cheese empadao, fried cheese bread, dipping sauce, and some amazing salad that I can't remember the name of but know that it came with a peach vinegarette. I just knew that I would come back and get some more of this amazing delicious food. Visit 2:After Darla and I received our to go order inside we take two steps out of the front door and were loudly greeted by the owner again who was kicking it with fellow customers drinking a beer at their table. Wow, it must be good to be the owner right? The following dialogue is based on a true story.Owner: "Wow, you came back!!!" (Loudly while walking over to me (Me: "Yeah I couldn't get enough of your good food."Owner: "Wow, you look so pretty, I love your eyes. And your boobs, nice boobs."Me: Hehe Hehe (nervously speechless, so I just laugh) Owner: ""Why you don't show more skin?" "You need to show more skin." (As he slowly starts to lift my long maxi summer dress at my ankles." Me: "Ugh... cause I didn't shave." Owner: "We need to have a baby." "It would be a pretty Brazilian baby."Me: "Uh wwwwhat?!"  "The only problem is that I'm not Brazilian, I'm Mexican." "And I'm not ready to have kids yet. "Heck, I'm not sure I even want kids." (More nervous laughing)Owner: "I'd pay you." Me: (More nervous awkward giggles) "Aw, we'll see but I think we need to go now."*(Walking away) Darla: "Yeah, so I get the funny feeling that he's kind of smitten with you." (Loud laughter at my expense) I think you might be the only woman who can possibly turn him straight." Haha! So let's just wrap up by saying, that if life ever gets really bad for me and I'm hard up for cash, I know at least one restaurant where I'm an honorary Brazilian, with an owner who'll buy my eggs.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/29/2011,231,205,9,17,16>Wowza! Games, games, everywhere! Walking into Pinballz was overwhelming, to say the least. It's situated in an old office building, with two levels of pins, vintage arcade games, skeeball, and all things that go bleep, ting, and pop.All of the redemption games are 25cents per play, and I have to admit, I had a ball racking up lots of red tickets. I felt like I was right back at Pistol Pete's Pizza in Houston, playing to my heart's content.Some memorable pinball games: Adam's Family, Fun House, Indiana Jones, Teenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesZOMG, we used to play these every summer: Area 51, Terminator 2, Mortal Kombat, Cruisin' USAPractically everything in Pinballz is for sale, and I thought it was interesting to see what the market values were of the games I loved (love), and dream about owning one eventually.The decor is extremely basic, but the overhead lights are off in the alleys of pinball games so that you can see all of the fantastic lights and digital screens. Personally, I'd like to see them do more with the lighting, to give the place more of an arcade vibe, but I'm sure that will come with time.I'm ecstatic that Austin has a place like this for us grown dorks to relive our gaming childhoods.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,1/28/2011,211,223,10,18,22>i am practically giddy.  and i'm not even one of those shoe people.  you know the ones who get all revved up about shoe styles and shoe sales and have closets worthy of imelda marcos.  just not my thing.  but i had this one pair of black boots.  they were just perfect.  one of the few items of clothing that i simply could not part with after a fire ransacked our home and left our closets inundated with soot.  i stuck them in a plastic bin, because they were filthy and stunk like smoke, and put them in the garage at our rental house with the other items i could not live without.  that was back in january.and there they sat.  and life goes on and time passes and now here we are in december and very close to having our new home completed (yay!) and i started thinking about moving in and remembered the bins of icky stuff sitting in the garage.  i decided i needed to deal with them because they sure as heck weren't going into the new house.  and its amazing how a little time can change your perspective because a lot of those things i couldn't live without back in january suddenly now look like trash.except for those boots.  i got to the boots, still sooty and smoky, and knew i had to at least try.  so off to austin shoe hospital i went.the guy (i tried to read his name tag, think it said "seth" but not sure) was super nice.  i explained the situation for these poor boots.  he examined them.  he told me he'd do his best to clean them, and he'd put new heels on.  for $40.  quite the gamble, since we weren't sure he'd be able to get the smell out - but i love them so.  so i agreed and left them in his capable hands.i went back today and he unveiled the boots.  they are fabulous.  they might be better than they were when they were brand new.  he shared my excitement.  i told him he made my day, which made him happy. we then waxed nostalgic about shining my dad's shoes when i was a kid - the whole process, waxing and buffing, for 50 cents.  seth was impressed that i knew how it was done "old school style".all in all a great experience, my boots look awesome, and my smile goes ear to ear.  and that's worthy of one of my coveted 5 star reviews.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,1/27/2011,310,185,8,20,18>If they could package the aroma in here they could make a fortune in air fresheners.I loved the place as soon as I walked in, and the melange of woodsmoke and garlic and cheese embraced us.  The wood fired oven is center stage, and the space is TINY, with room for about 35 including 10 seats at the stainless steel bar that surrounds the fire and kitchen.Open just 12 days, with no sign on the door yet, word is getting out it seems, as all the tables were full and diners tended to linger.  We got seats at the bar which gave a great view of the food preparation and the single oven used for all dishes.  They were out of draught beer, but did feature Peroni in bottles, along with a huge wine list including a few by the glass ranging from $7-10 each.  We sampled a variety of antipasti, served up from the fire at temperatures just below that of the surface of the sun.  Do NOT touch the little cast iron pots!  Plates included an intriguing octopus,chili and blood orange combo perfectly seasoned and cooked tender, and a fantastic grilled Brussels sprout/pecorino romano/pancetta combination that was just perfect. Portions are small but encourage sampling.We asked our server for a "greatest hits" of pizzas and he served up a variety that surprised and delighted: classic Margherita, a fennel sausage, roasted pepper & garlic, a "Peperoni Americano," with delightful picante salame, tomato, made-in-house mozzarella and fresh Basil and the wonderful Bianca: arugula, mozzarella, ricotta and pecarino.  Each was a vaguely diamond shaped oval of absolutely outstanding crust, pulled not tossed before being slid into the oven for mere minutes and served hot and bubbling.  The crust is sublime, the right mix of crispy and chewy, tasty and flavorful enough to be an appetizer itself.I lived in Connecticut for a while, and New Haven boasted my two favorite pizza places in the universe: Sally's and Pepe's, distinctive  venerable Neopolitan pizzerias featuring hulking wood-fired ovens and inspiring long waits for truly classic pies.  After 17 years in Austin, I can finally  get my Neapolitan pizza  fix just half a block off 6th Street.  Welcome to the neighborhood.  We've been waiting for you.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,1/26/2011,124,118,7,16,15>Walking out of Path Salon two years ago, I remember feeling very special with my fancy new rocker-chick hair. Strolling out of Avenue Five on Monday, I remembered that feeling all over again, only this time, smarter, which is sexier.PM me if you would like the name of the goddess who shampooed, cut, and styled my hair for a mere $10.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,1/25/2011,288,258,16,17,19>I've been to a few more Yogurt shops around town so I can now definitively say this is THE BEST frozen yogurt spot in all of Austin.  So good in fact that I went there twice in one day!  Not at two separate intervals.  Nope.  I sat outside to enjoy the day with my delicious cup of frozen goodness.  And after I finished it, I walked in for a second serving.  The girl at the counter was a little surprised to see me going for round 2 but I didn't feel judged.  Not that that would have mattered.  Somehow, the little '26 cal per 1 oz' signs have me convinced that this won't do any damage to my waistline.  (The fat pants I've had to (re)pull out of retirement say otherwise.) Yumilicious has a bunch of great flavors and toppings to choose from, try the Pistachio and add Almonds.  That combo is awesome and definitely much better for you than the same combo at Baskin Robbins.  I'm pretty sure a nutritionist would agree.  Try it, Errol, I think they'll make you a convert!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/24/2011,141,127,40,21,21>Things I have had trouble doing today:-Washing my hair-Using a can opener-Driving to work-Opening a door-Pretty much everythingWhy, you ask?  Because of the lovely, lovely torture exacted on my shoulders and upper arms at my first Pole 101 class two days ago.  I can't remember ever being this sore from a workout.The real shock is that I left the class thinking that while fun, pole dancing wasn't really a great workout.  Too much stopping and starting, especially considering that you have to share a pole with another student and alternate trying moves.  Boy was I wrong.  My arms are KILLING me.  And I'm going back tomorrow.In the 101 class, we learned a few intro moves (sexy walk, bootie circles, assisted backbend, and body wave), and three actual spins (I don't remember the names).  I thought I was doing awesome at first--my bootie circles even led the teacher to ask if I had dance training (I do--16 years worth!!) but that's where it all started going down hill.  This is not the workout to try if you're afraid of looking a wee bit ridiculous.My spins did not spin.  Imagine throwing a potato sack onto a lamppost--that's what I tended to look like.  I collided, time and again, with the pole, earning red spots all up and down my legs....but centripital momentum simply was not to be achieved.I have a whole new respect for strippers.  But I'll be back, and eventually, goddamnit, I will spin.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,1/23/2011,522,1205,10,20,12>I could have sworn I already reviewed this place. I was coming back to give an update. Oh well.... So, back in December of last year I stopped by here with some friends after having some drinks at Lustre Pearl. Between 5 people we ordered a lot of small dishes to share: 2 different savory Samosas and a sweet potato that was both sweet and spicy, sweet potato fries dusted with an Indian spice blend, curried potato salad, garlic Naan with a yogurt vegetable dip, creamy tomato soup with an Indian spice kick served with a crispy flat bread and a vegetable curry and Lemon Sorbet for desert. Everything was fantastic! Went back recently and had the Coconut Curry Shrimp and the most delicious Hot Chai! Unlike most trailer eateries this trailer has sit down order at the table service. The open air seating is covered with twinkling lights ceiling fans and has heaters for cold nights all surrounded by amazing bike art. You can choose the spice level - mild, medium, spicy and ingredients are locally sourced and organic. For your drinking pleasure - in addition to delicious Chai they have Lassis, Topo Chico, Mexican Coke and BYOB with NO corkage fee!! I absolutely love this place and want to try everything on the menu! Open 7 days a week 5PM - 3AM and accept credit cards!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/22/2011,485,555,15,19,14>I dare you to find a picture cuter than the one I posted of my little bear Moby and his new mini-Moby friend from Dirty Dog. Don't even waste your time trying.Dirty Dog is pretty neat. I got a groupon for 2 sessions for the price of 1. The soap they had on deck worked rather well, and though the bear wasn't thrilled about the whole ordeal, he looked so cute climbing the stairs to get into the elevated sink. Mommy likes fewer health issues, like lower back problems, and scrubbing him in the tub at home ain't a picnic.The gal who was working that evening didn't seem terribly upset we arrived just 30 minutes to closing, and treated us very nicely. When she said she happened to have a mini-Aussie, and she happened to be at the store in the backroom, Moby and I high-fived/pawed. Score.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,1/21/2011,739,709,46,25,25>Tsk, tsk.  It was shameful the moaning coming from our house last nite.  After 20 yrs of marriage and still???  Despite what the neighbors think, these moans of pleasure were induced by balls....cake balls, specifically.I had a brilliant moment yesterday.  I was to meet a girlfriend and her hubby for happy hour to celebrate her bday and I thought balls for her birthday would be perfect (if you knew her, you'd understand...).  Welp, they ended up not making HH.  Did I tell her I had bought balls for her??  Oh HELLS NO.  More balls for me!!  Balls in my hand, balls in my mouth, balls on my chin, balls down my chest...oh yes, it was a Ballnanza in my house!I had purchased a dozen with lots of variety.  Most definitely my favorite was the salted caramel.  To my dismay, I thought I had purchased a couple of red velvet, but I didn't, so I'll have to go back for those very popular balls.  The other balls I sampled (ok, ok, I scarfed em down) were the lemon drop (too sweet) and white chocolate peppermint (which is seasonal).  All are sweet enough to give you the pee-pee shivers for sure.  They were all perfectly made, semi-hard frosting on the outside, moist cake on the inside.These balls come with a hefty pricetag for sure, but can you really put a price on balls-for-your-birthday??  The best part is I have plenty to last me a week....a ball a day keeps the bikini away!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,1/20/2011,162,97,21,19,17>Best steak dinner I have ever hadDo I really have to write more? Really? FineWent here with my parents on their request for a restaurant that had slightly more "normal" food.So of course I drag them to nearly full blown authentic Colombia restaurant.Thats a normal response right?The establishment is nothing sexy to look at, but its very warm and inviting, kind of like walking into a home in Bogotá but with a hell of a lot more chairs.Upon stage right entrance of our friendly waiter, I kindly asked what appetizers he would recommend to us.Waiter: "Aborrajado and Arepa con chorizo"Me: "STOP"Waiter: "yes?"Me: "I am i dire need of Lulo fruit juice"Waiter: "Hell yes"Okay he didn't say that, but he knew, that I knew, what the hell was up with the tropical juice situation.The apps were awesome, especially the aborrajado and the fruit juice. I highly recommend you trade in your first son for a taste of these fine teaser meals.For an entrée I went with the Churrasco while my father went with the Criollo and my mother decided to partake in some veggie fare.All of the dishes were superb, and the amount of meat on my plate even gave pass to this buffet destroyer extraordinare. There practically was half of a cow chilling on my plate, waiting for its pending new home in my stomach.My father and mother's dish were quite excellent and everything on the table had its own distinct and excellent flavor.But thats not even the icing on the cake.One of the bes moments came when the bill for all 3 of us, with wine, drinks, apps, and 3 massive dinners, came to well under 60$Awesome food and a price that works in my food stamp budget? Count me in.Pondering the ways I can get adopted by a Columbian drug lord.Gabriel
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,1/18/2011,4221,482,10,19,16>A friend of mine lives near Cherrywood Coffeehouse and recently told me about how they have the BEST (his words) breakfast tacos in Austin.  I was like, "you sure?  Better than Mi Madre's or Ken's?".  "Hell yeah", he said, they're served open face and they're great quality.  Well you know what, he was right.  Cherrywood Coffeehouse has some of the best breakfast tacos I have ever had.  I've already been back 3x, and I just can't get enough.  Everytime I've been there it's been a Saturday morning, and they are quite busy, parking is compact and can be a challenge.  The place is wide open, I like the ambience, plenty of seating and ample spaces in btwn tables and chairs so you're not in anyone else's business.  They have a few vegetarian options for bfast tacos, and you can get wheat tortilla too.  The egg and ingredients are rolled up like an omelet and it's placed on an open tortilla, then it's topped with green onions, some cheese, and thin potato crispy strips (yum!).  You only get a wee-bit of salsa, but just ask for extra and they'll gladly oblige.  These tacos are high quality, one should do you just fine, and the Terra w/ tofu and avocado is probably my favorite.  Plenty of teas and coffees to chose from, the service has always been spot on, and all that equates to this being a local business that deserves my support.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,1/17/2011,168,161,21,23,17>From puberty, women have a doctor to keep their lady business in good form, but I never see other men under 50 at the urologist, unless they're grandpa's driver. I suspect that whole generations of young men don't realize that through the magic of health insurance and the telephone, their various functions, while still in their prime, have a valet in his person. (Or her, I suppose.)If you get your shoes shined by a professional, you should at least get the block and tackle glanced at and be the subject of a manly chat -- to say nothing of visits with cause. Even without cause, you owe yourself and your crushing waves of sex partners a regular STD screening. You may also have misconceptions about what puts you at risk of what, and the advice of an expert, well.. you'd get it for a mortgage, wouldn't you? The guy I saw in Japan was mildly insane, I now believe, so it's no good comparing the two. I've found Dr. Kansas of The Urology Team friendly, informative, and helpful without being preachy, judgmental, or intrusive. He's obviously learned the right approach to being effective in this type of medicine, which must at times seem like an endless parade of young people who can't learn their lesson, old people who can't pee, or anyone not ready to hang up their spurs. Whether you fall into one of those camps or not, I recommend Dr. Kansas.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,1/16/2011,421,256,11,15,14>So, you're trying to tell me this is a coffee house? Huh, didn't notice - Oops.Never felt so celebrated as when I met up with some fanfreakingtastic women(s) here for a long overdue happy hour(s). Perhaps it was our group causing all the ruckus, but I was hard of hearing in several conversations last night. Misunderstandings - some of embarrassment, some of hilarity resulted, all in a seamlessly orchestrated stream of girl power. 'Cos grlz rawk.Even though we were clearly ordering an abundance of vino, water glasses were constantly filled - a good thing if you're aiming to avoid that sensation where you're head pounds dully. I think they call that a hangover. The skinny: Happy hour prices here include $1 off all glasses and selected appetizers (invariably the ones I selected). So class: Happy hour prices+ much wining + zero whining = a fanfreakingtastic night, and a muy happy girl.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,1/14/2011,724,628,19,20,22>If it's true that passion begets passion, you'll be ready to tear your clothes off after visiting this fabulous cheese shop.John and Kendall Antonelli are, without a doubt, incredibly passionate about cheese.  And, perhaps equally importantly, they are passionate about providing terrific service to the steady stream of customers that come in seeking a piece of that love.It is nearly impossible to get out of their shop without tasting something delicious.  From wonderful cheeses to cured meats to nuts to amazing chocolate (the Askinosie is TO DIE FOR), everything you need to throw a fabulous party (in your tummy) is here.  And I can pretty much guarantee that you'll leave with a bundle or two and a smile on your face.Shop local.  Support good people.  Be happy.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,1/13/2011,495,689,47,33,37>(WARNING: The opening paragraph contains gender-bias and colloquialisms that are necessary for their effect. If you're easily offended or politically correct, just skip to paragraph two.) Within the last couple of years or so, I just couldn't care less what people think when I enter a room. But there is one huge exception: I love, love, love, sauntering into an upscale restaurant with a smoking hot woman. Nine out of ten guys couldn't execute a discreet glance if you paid them, and there's absolutely nothing more Alpha-male satisfying than watching them wonder, "Why the fuck is she with him?" Incidentally, I'm pretty sure if you try this in certain bars, you'll get your ass kicked. Café Josie is a charming and delightful venue for lunch--it's light, bright, colorful, fun, with a simple menu, superb presentation, and wickedly decadent desserts. I confess I was so enthralled by my lunch companion that I didn't pay much attention to our food, which was the pork, salmon, and the two Venezuelan chocolate devilries. The ambiance here plays a big part in helping you lose all track of time. I did pay attention to why Café Jose is less than perfect for me: I knew parking was an issue coming in, and I had to park three blocks away. The lunch menu seems identical to dinner but at half the price, so there's not that much incentive to walk three blocks in the dark. But the faux pas I thought most interesting occurred after the main lunch crowd had left--with fifteen empty tables in the place, they seated a late-arriving party of three right next to our two-top, eight inches away, and no one else within twenty feet. Sure hoped those three nice people enjoyed our stories, because I know they were taken aback with our continual laughter.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,1/12/2011,392,291,44,17,22>Peter Pan Mini-Golf is an optimal first or second date location for many reasons: It's cheap, you can bring your own beer, it lasts about a 6-pack, you will appear to be a great athlete and you will give her a thrill by goofing around so much on the second course that she will get the idea that she could actually win.This was our second date. I picked her up at her place, because the odds of me ending up back there go from 0 to 100%.We picked up a 6-pack of Lonestar Tallboys and played a round of putt putt. We had some pretty good conversations. We found out that both our parents were still married. She wanted to know my opinion on how people stay together that long. I didn't have a good answer at the time and I still don't. I can barely keep a girls attention long enough to get the time of day.This girl was funny too. I had recently found our scorecards in  the passenger door of my car. On two of her scores she had an * and then a **. The * was footnoted with "cheating." The ** was footnoted with "used feet." *After playing both courses, we got some burgers and then I took her home. I walked her up to her porch. She seemed very nervous that her neighbors were outside and would see the end of our date. I started going through my whole "end-of-date" rigamrole, when she blurted "Can I kiss you?...I mean will you kiss me?"At that moment, I knew I had done everything right. And it is moments like this which I hold near and dear. Unfortunately, the people who go along with them are long gone, so they are also the moments that will haunt me forever.  I was winning the race. How could I let the infallible fail? Surely, I did or said something foolish, because I am an idiot. In fact, I know exactly what I did and said and this just proves that time travel will never exist. Because if time travel did exist, my future self would travel back in time and tell me that at one point some girl is going to tell you something...and when she does, just nod and agree. Don't try to make a joke, because you're not that funny.And since time travel doesn't exist I can only hope that my future self learns from his past mistakes. And also that he takes girls to play putt-putt because they love that shit.* punches self
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,1/11/2011,111,114,16,18,16>I have a new mother....I think I've always known I just didn't know how to find her. Yes, my other mother did a fine job raising me but at some point in my life I had to find her. Her name is Sugar. Finally, finally, FINALLY made it to Sugar Mama's and I have to say, this is one of those times Yelp nailed it. It's not about opinion and differences in taste. This place is, in fact, the best cupcake place in all of Central Texas. Parking was a little sticky and I got there the same time a family of four was piling out of a giant SUV. I looked at the little girl...did she look like a runner? I used to race ahead of people in order to land the fam a good spot in line...don't judge me but I picked up my speed and cackled as I ran past. Jack Lemon's, French Toast, Banana Pudding, Marilyn Monroe, some kind of Bevo cupcake, The Hemingway, and The Hula = some of their Saturday lineup. 4 cupcakes = $11.  "I'll take 11 cupcakes...wait no, 4 cupcakes."Ranked in best-tasting order...1. The Hemingway (key lime)2. Jack Lemon (lemon)3. Marilyn Monroe (vanilla)4. Banana Pudding (banana)...wouldn't order this one again.  Didn't care for the frosting but the cake was superb.My new roommate, moving in at the end of the month, dropped by after I ate the Marilyn. "Yea, I just tried Sugar Mama's for the first time and got these cupcakes (*gingerly gesturing towards the remaining cupcakes*)! I'd give you one, but...I don't want to."
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,1/10/2011,989,456,37,33,31>My 100th review...and I waited to do Justine's, where I requested my family to take me for my 28th birthday. It was good to have some quality family time on that most sacred day when I was born. Mostly because my birthday activities with friends up to that point included a bitch brunch, countless mimosas, liquor, cute boys, cash tips stapled to my Theory shirt, more cute boys--and all the naughtiness you can expect. I needed to balance it out with a more reserved dinner celebration. OK, first of all, I've never been this deep into East Austin before. I mean one of my friends was one of those gentrification homos with a fancy loft off E. 6th, but this was hardcore East Austin. Mother picked me up from work and was driving really slow and paranoid, asking me stupid questions like if we can still turn right on red or change lanes. Yes, Mom...traffic rules stay the same, even in East Austin. Once we get there, parking is basically some empty spaces across the street. I wanted to be there at opening (6 PM), mostly to avoid the crowds in such a small restaurant. We got a table immediately. We made our way towards Justine's, and can I just say--cute! Loved the intimate feel to the place. Their online website makes it appear to be some sort of artsy-fartsy lesbian sex club, but it's really just a cute house with some tables in the yard. I get the feeling since they don't take reservations that it can get to be quite the clusterf**k on busy nights, but then again I wouldn't know for sure first hand, and don't really want to. I began the meal with the escargot and the cheese platter. The escargot was excellent and swimming in tasty garlic butter sauce; the perfect appetizer. The cheese platter was very good; all three were quite flavorful. I'd order the escargot again and again. I hesitate to write this next part, not because it was bad, but because it was so good. I don't dole out praise like this too easily, but here goes: the BEST ribeye steak I believe I have ever had. I had ordered the steak frites and my brother ordered the pork chop/potato puree. The steak was juicy, melt in your mouth, and cooked to perfection. Amazing. My brother announced it was the best porkchop of his life. And from the bite I had, it was indeed the most succulent porkchop I've ever tasted as well. For dessert, I had a choice between creme brulee and a chocolate pear tart. I went with the creme brulee, and it was fine, I suppose. I don't care for creme brulee, but something about chocolate and pear turned me off. The decor is of course a little eclectic. From what I recall there's a lot of boobs everywhere. Hey, whatever...it worked. Remember that scene in Sex and the City where Miranda first meets Steve the bartender, and he begs her to keep him company so he wouldn't have to listen to the NYU students at the end of the bar with the Amstel Lights discuss Fiona Apple? Well if those students had come to Austin, I'm sure they'd make their first stop Justine's. It screams "Austin hipster"...and all the skinny jeans, ironic facial hair, fedoras and smug sense of self-satisfaction that goes with it. I'm not saying that's good or bad, I'm just saying I get the sense these people are probably thrilled that they get to go "slumming" in East Austin to eat some hoity-toity French food. They eat that kind of shit up. What a wonderful conclusion to a wild birthday. And a new favorite restaurant. If you haven't gone, you better be Mapquesting it and making plans to go NOW (except not today, they're closed on Tuesdays). Easily--five stars! Bon appetit, Austin.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,1/9/2011,474,618,9,22,17>Growing a baby in your belly ain't easy. There's back pain, insomnia, rushes of hormones, etc. So I am so grateful that I have started going to the prenantal yoga classes at Yoga Yoga. I began going with the intention it would help some of my physical ailments, which is does. But what I didn't expect was how much I needed the emotional support of the other women in the class. Each class starts by each woman going around the room saying how far along she is and what ailments she is suffering from. I had no idea hearing a room full of other pregnant ladies talk about their pregnancy problems would make me feel better about me having the same symptoms. I have only had two different teachers so far, and they are both mothers. So their understanding of the process and suggestions for my personal issues have been invaluable. Saturday morning, it took all the energy I had to get myself to class. I never thought I would make it through the class, because of all the back pain I was experiencing that morning. But I am so grateful I went and left happy and relaxed. I highly recommend these classes to any other expecting Moms even if you have never done yoga before.Yoga Yoga also offers some postnatal classes that include your baby. I can't wait to meet mine and start bringing her to class with me!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,1/8/2011,315,273,19,21,20>I've been derelict in my Yelp duties as of late.  I was here 2 weeks ago and I have yet to rave on about them.First of all, I'd like to point out they are on Neches and not Nueces.  Most of you will not have a problem distinguishing this.  Others (me) will get so excited that it's "so close to my house" , that "there is a big, open parking lot right by it", and "it was so easy to park" only to be completely confused when "it SHOULD be RIGHT THERE" and even get the poor parking lot attendant in on your game of mass confusion.  Anyway, I finally consulted Yelp and learned of my mistake and got my $7 back from the guy (shout out to the parking lot attendant at 5th & Nueces).Now to Chez Nous (who it would ROCK if they had valet service).  I was greeted by the hostess and she was delightful (I have a girl crush on her that I cannot discuss).  We were seated almost immediately which was amazing because we had reservations for 6 (the smallest group they take reservations for) and we lost 2 people so we sort of lost our res but not really.  She had us covered.  So we sat down, and I have to say I don't think I've seen a more attentive wait staff.  I think every person who worked there checked on us at least once and some more than that.What did I eat?  I shan't disappoint.  I had the tenderloin.  Yeah, raw foods took a night off.  Ohhhhh, it was good.  So good.  One of the best I've had in town.  I'll have it a again for sure.  I skipped on the appetizer because it was enough that I was doing entree and dessert.  The dessert was amazing too, the bouche noir, I believe.  I don't think you can go wrong no matter what you order.  Every dish I saw, I wanted.The entire experience that night was delightful from the food, to the staff (especially, Girl Crush).   I declare it as my 2nd favorite restaurant in Austin (Paggi is still my #1)
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,1/7/2011,467,441,17,20,21>Wow. Food coma.I've gotta say, after visiting Lonesome Dove in Ft. Worth a couple weeks ago, I'd much rather hit up Hudson's on the Bend (minus the whole Tim Love thing). I bought the Groupon for this place, consisting of the three course chefs tasting menu for two people. AMAZING really sums it all up. The service was fantastic, but not invasive at all. We were seated as soon as we arrived, even though we were 15 minutes early for our reservation.The Chambord chocolate mousse with legs of fudge made me forget that I had a full glass of wine in front of me. That being said, their sommelier is great. The pairings were perfect with each of the courses, complimenting the food, exquisitely. And, again, the food was amazing. All of it. Except the edible flower. It tasted like, well, a flower.Looking forward to coming back (maybe with a date) and, hey, its closer and better than a drive to Ft. Worth!I like commas, apparently.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,1/6/2011,178,69,32,31,27>It's a good thing that Unicorn hires mild-mannered, friendly, efficient, careful, respectful people. During our move our ex-landlord flipped out on our two movers for hitting a tree with their moving truck by accident. If you saw where we used to live, you would understand how something like this could happen - big truck, tight turnaround. This is how the "conversation" went between our Unicorn movers and our furious ex-landlord: landlord:  What the F***!?!? You have no effing right to hit my trees! You sons of b*****s! unicorn:  We're really sorry sir...please...let us call our office and set this right. We're insured - it'll be okay...landlord:  F*** you! You can take your apology and shove it up your a**! You mother f-ers! unicorn:  sir, please, there's no reason to be talking like that. We're very sorry and the tree will be replaced...landlord:  (fuming, storming away, cursing the entire time)unicorn (to my husband and me):  wowus:  man, we are so sorry...unicorn:  it's no big deal, not your fault. it's okay. us:  really??unicorn:  yeah...you know, he's the one who has to live with himselfSo not only did they move us quickly, carefully and at a good price, they also provided us a dose of Zen on our moving day. Unicorn gets two horns up from us.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,1/5/2011,521,315,24,24,27>I was having kind of an uninteresting Saturday in my ratty t-shirt and shorts. This was by design, as I need some low key days mixed in to all the socializing, wine tasting and foodie fests that seem to fill my evenings and weekends. A work friend Facebooked me and asked me if I wanted to go to dinner. Oh, and she was in the mood to dress up too. Being the social whore that I am, I  could not say no... Being the considerate friend, I live South (a mere 10 minutes from Downtown) but she lives in South Dallas, also known as Pflugerville, I thought 40ish street area would be a perfect rendezvous spot. I mentioned I had a $25 gift card to Uchiko and that I was craving sushi - the cooked kind. Relieved that she also liked her fish cooked, we met up over there.We were seated almost immediately along a long wall by the street that should have had more light or a window or something, because I felt like I was in a cave. I guess that is considered romantic, if you are on a date, but not having dinner with a work friend. The table setting was artwork. Chopsticks sitting in little Uchiko holders and placed perfectly on a folded white cloth napkin next to the small plate and sauce bowl. I took a photo, but it was REALLY dark. We kept it simple, a bottle of the Fantinel Prosecco and two rolls to share:  -The Tiger Cry roll which had grilled Wagyu steak, yuzu kosho, and toasted rice topped with cilantro. It came with a tiger cry sauce that had apple and garlic in it, the suggestion was to take a couple of chunks out and put it on the piece of sushi and then dip it. OMG... this is not your grocery store sushi. What a party of flavors bursting in my mouth. Just when I thought it could not get better, they brought along the Shag roll - which surpassed its Austin Powers name. It was tempura fried with salmon, avocado, sundried tomato, served over squid ink and drizzled with their sumiso sauce. Be still my heart, I had never had a warm sushi roll before, much less tempura fried. This WAS the cats pajamas! loved it more than the last one and that is saying something, because I LOVED the last one too. It was like having multiple foodie "O's" on the same night... Yes! Yes! Yes!!!!! After that amazing experience, I now know why they like to keep the place dark. So you can fully enjoy your food without feeling like an exhibitionist. ;pThe service was impeccably perfect. Kendra and the rest of the staff were attentive, friendly and informative. $90 later (after you tack on tip) we decided to quit while we were ahead and journey around the corner to Apothecary for 1/2 price bottles of sparkling wine on Saturday and maybe one more less expensive small plate of food to share. Uchiko was perfect, albeit pricey, but I guess if you are willing to pay for the multiple foodie "O's" it will send you home in need of a cigarette, or if you are not there with a work friend, but that special someone, maybe to continue the party. Better yet, take it to go... if you know what I mean. ;o
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,1/4/2011,322,621,32,26,28>You open this chain link fence with your raw hunger.  Past it is another world of smell, of vision, of flavor. You are venturing into an area with both beef and pork, with brisket and ribs. You have just entered:  The Barbecue Zone.Meet Errol.  Meet Catherine.  Two ordinary Yelpers thrown together by circumstance on a most special mission: Attend Crystal's ROTDC.What they don't know is they are about to embark on an adventure of the culinary extraordinaire:  Brisket.  Pulled Pork.  Ribs.  Sausage.  Beans.  Cole Slaw.  Potato Salad.The barbecue teases Errol.  It tears at him.  It sucks him in.  It takes his last dollar.  It's like a one-armed bandit."Franklin!  Franklin!  Franklin!"  Errol runs screaming madly from the place.  He collapses in the middle of East 35th Street, still tightly clutching his moist bag of leftover brisket.A small crowd gathers around Errol's lifeless form.  A little girl draws a chalk outline of Errol and his brisket bag on the blacktop.  Catherine stands over Errol and says "I've seen them get hooked before, but never this badly."Witness Errol, Yelp ROTDC attendee, who paid the ultimate price for a plate of Franklin's delicious beef, ribs, and sides.(P.S.  And you will get hooked too.  Over and over again.  After all, no one can escape "The Franklin Fever".)
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,1/3/2011,431,381,35,20,20>BRODY:  We're gonna need a bigger boat.ME:  I'm gonna need a bigger pizza.That's exactly what I uttered when the bartender brought my to-go pizza (white, with meatball topping) to my table.  But at least I had the *jaws* necessary to eat the pizza.I took my prize home, kicking myself all the way for not getting a bigger size.  I've gotten to-go pizzas from Reale's many times, and I've also eaten there.  It never occurred to me that I had apparently always ordered a 14" pizza before.  Oh well, let's get this baby home before she gets cold.  And just so you know, their pasta dishes aren't worth the stomach acid.  That's why they only get four stars from me.I laid down on my bed with the pizza, ready to make love to it.  D'oh!  Napkins... so I got some napkins.  D'oh!  Drink... so I got a drink, too.  Turned on the TV, and dug into my Adonis of a pizza.  Really, folks, that pizza was beautiful.  I should've taken a picture or six of it.  And it tasted like the goldest of the gold medals of pizzadom (that makes no sense, but whatever).  I bow to thee, King Pizza!  I'm always flabbergasted over how good Reale's pizza is... as in, Yabba-Dabba-flabba-gasta!And then my inbred farm cat, Gypsy, ran into the room, sniffing all the way.ME:  Go away, Gypsy.[Gypsy just stands there in the doorway like a dummy, staring and licking her chops.  She slowly moves in.  I can hear the Jaws theme music as she doth approacheth.]ME:  Gypsy... GO! AWAY![I go back to paying full attention to the only worthwhile thing in the room (the pizza).  (Jaws music resumes) Gypsy does the only smart thing she's ever done, which is to take full advantage of my occupied attention and jump on the bed with me and the pizza.]ME:  You bitch!  Get away from my pizza and get off my bed!  MINE!  YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY!  PEOPLE FOOD, NOT FOR KITTIES![(Jaws music resumes again) Gypsy inches closer to the pizza box.]ME:  *sigh* Fine.  You can have a TINY bit of meatball with a TINY bit of cheese, and that's ALL you get.[I throw a TINY portion on the floor, and Gypsy goes after it.  I hear her smacking as she's eating, which is super annoying.]ME:  Be gone now.  [Gypsy immediately jumps on the bed and isn't shy this time about making friends with the pizza box.]  GO AWAAAAAY!  *sigh*  Fine.[I tear off another piece of pizza, wave it in front of Gypsy to catch her attention, and then throw it outside the bedroom door.  As soon as Gypsy tears after it, I run across the room and shut the door.]  Ha-HA!Reale's pizza:  Cat food for a new generation.  Also suitable for human consumption.GYPSY:  Mwow!         (I can't believe I actually typed that.)
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,1/2/2011,150,124,10,19,17>Last night was cold and rainy. I was tired and didn't want to cook, but didn't want to go out either. We sat there wondering where to get take out from. The problem was, I wanted "good" food. Then I remembered Odd Duck. I hopped online and checked out the menu and then called to make sure they were open and placed our order to go. One of everything :Grilled romaine with goat cheese and shiitake dressing $5Creamy turnip and mushroom soup with slow cooked duck egg $5Salad of grilled broccoli, baby lettuce and goat ricotta $4Quesadilla with gulf shrimp and braised pork $5Slider with grilled lamb loin and belly with sweet potato slaw $6$25, 20 minutes and about 20 "Oh My Gawd's" later we sat there thankful not only for the fine food we'd just ingested but for Yelp itself. Where else or how else would we have ever been prompted to buy dinner from a little orange trailer on the side of the road? So thank you fellow yelpers. But forget about the "review" that will blow your GD mind. Come to Odd Duck....It will not compute (in taste or tab) and it will most certainly blow your GD minds!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,1/1/2011,704,840,19,19,20>My son had a pet ball python for several years and I never knew until now know how he felt after eating one of those big, fat mice.  I had Mack Brown's Balls, Elvis's Pickles and a fat juicy John D. Rockefeller last week.  Mack's Balls were crazy good.  A wonton filled with mac 'n cheese then deep fried. Hot and crunchy, Elvis's pickles were coated in a spicy crust and served with a tasty dipping sauce.  And last but not least, I ate half of my Rockefeller, which was the size of a typical hamburger.  This hefty burger stuffed with pepper jack cheese topped off with artichokes, spinach, parmesan cheese, tomato and good fellas sauce on a toasted bun.  I added avocado and jalapenos making it about 3" thick.  It was literally the size of a baby's head.  Because this was our first visit, we received a free serving of freshly made french fries seasoned with salt, pepper and a hint of cumin.  No liquor license yet so BYOB.  Sadly, I could not give Your Mom's 5 stars due to the fly infestation.  Developing countries have less flies than this burger bar.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,12/31/2010,476,262,29,29,34>"Lift" can be defined as the component force PERPENDICULAR to oncoming Flow and "Drag" can be defined as the component force PARALLEL to oncoming Flow.It has oft been debated, who's correct about Lift, Bernoulli or Newton?  AND, what do you do when Lift becomes Drag?  AND, what do you do when new theories arise, new owners join forces kicking out a bad manager, and new staff kicks ass?Newton said that Lift occurs when flow is deflected and to every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.  Newton's Laws of Motion irritate me and remind me of the PAST and Newton's theory on Lift (deflection of flow) caused an equal and opposite reaction in me... like, I never wanted to return.  That was in December of 2009. Bernoulli said that Lift occurs when flow is celebrated, incorporating changes in velocity and pressure, transferring momentum and streamlining energy.  Bernoulli's Principle creates space for previous ownership and new ownership to join forces in the best fashion, kicking out all that didn't work and allowing new staff to flourish, smile at you as you walk in and make sure all is good.Newton is about the apple falling.  Bernoulli incorporates Newton (derived from the Second Law and in conjunction with the Third) - a bit of the past - but is really all about the future and possibility and excellence... is all about the apple flying. It is all about the best apple pie.faceLIFT:Includes new furniture inside and outside, new smoothies (Peaches with maca added!), new breakfast items - avocado croissant with egg, cheese and avo all on fresh warm croissant, new freshly baked goods, diverse salad options, bar seating facing Lamar, HH starts at 3pm includes wine and beer specials, music events in the courtyard ... awesome, homemade breakfast tacos (try the New Mexican or the Frenchman!), healthy and diverse salad and sandwich options (vegtastic with smoked turkey added, rockadoodle, thai chicken wrap!  also, all salads can be "wrapped"), soft pumpkin muffins, ginger snap cookies...In summary, the LIFT COEFFICIENT is worth debating but don't get caught up in the past. Lift is finally taking off... Flow is important; don't deflect it.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,12/30/2010,184,184,14,9,11>Lustre Pearl isn't a bar, it's a gym disguised as a bar.  I mean, really!  How can you have a dozen hula hoops and not expect me to just hoop for hours?  I practiced some new tricks for so long that I woke up the next day with massive bruises on my hips and hands, plus sore abs.  And we haven't even mentioned the ping pong table yet!On further reflection, they may have coined a new, wonderful idea.  Maybe all gyms need full bars.  "Wow, I had no idea I've been working out for three hours, the time just flew by!" is NOT a thing I would ever say when visiting a normal gym.  Plus the low bar lighting makes everyone look better, so you're less likely to feel uncomfortable while working out.  Normal gyms use WAY too much fluorescent lighting.  Makes everyone look pale and close to death.  (Well ok, that's sort of normal operating procedure for me, but you get the point.)  To top it off there's a taco stand for when you're in desperate need of sustenance after your prolonged workout.  Well, that settles it.  Lustre Pearl is the first in the next wave of bargyms.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,12/29/2010,79,81,22,12,11>I feel like the kid who's still bumping Eminem with his pair of 12s in the trunk and the ground effects on his 5.0.  That is, I realize I'm a bit late to the Gourdough's party.What I lacked in timeliness, I tried to make up for in sheer excess.  I recruited two female friends fresh from a yoga session so that I could sample as many variations as possible, and so that I could watch my friends alternate between loving the donuts and loathing themselves.  We ordered the following: Heavenly Hash, ODB, Naughty & Nice, Funky Monkey, and a dozen plain donut holes.   We managed to eat almost half of everything.Umm, wow!  In some other review I opined about excessive celebration of the new and novel on Yelp; here I become a part of it.  The donuts remind me of Rush Limbaugh or Michael Moore*-- absolutely unnecessary, enormous, full of hot air, and quite possibly containing narcotics.  While I haven't listened to Limbaugh in years, and I'm fine with never watching a Moore feature, Gourdough's is a guilty pleasure I can live with.  Thanks, Yelp.  Seriously, thanks.*Sorry to employ the footnote, but two things worth noting:  (1) Bill O'Reilly would admittedly work better for the comparison-- or at least be more current-- but he lacks the requisite girth, and (2) I offered to throw a liberal under the donut truck, and Catherine T. stepped up with two suggestions.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,12/28/2010,136,153,9,5,9>Want to have your fantastic drink made by the bartender from "The Shining" minus the prodding to kill your family or being a ghost? (The ghost part is unconfirmed) Then search no more!Like stepping into a magical time warp to a time period I neither lived in nor really understand outside of Dick Tracy or The Untouchables, the place made me feel as though I should be wearing a suit and a fedora cocked to the side, smoking some sort of unfiltered cancer-machine cigarette.Peche is an interesting stopping point for anyone who likes a curious libation with their standard "Gin n' coke" or "Whiskey sour". The drinks have an appealingly old fashioned quality to them - not only in their recipes and authentic ingredients - but the name alone makes you feel smooth as hell. Who wouldn't feel like a prohibition era badass sipping on a "Corpse Reviver", I ask you?When beer won't cut it, and I'm in the mood for a drastic departure from the madhouse frat boy infested watering holes (Well drinks only 1.00 dolla! Lighter fluid only 2.00 dollar! Free cover!) - I'll come here. Maybe I'll even wear a suit and fedora next time.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,12/27/2010,115,127,5,8,10>Like Jessica S and Red H, I, too, followed Amber from "the other place" (which I never had a problem with, btw), to Vanity:I would follow Amber to Amarillo, if that's what it would take. She's amazing!The old house is charming.The parking is easyThe receptionist is nice.The wine is served.The Aveda products smell so good.Amber Magic is done to my hair,and last but not least....The old house is practically next door to Black Sheep Lodge.Yessss.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,12/26/2010,323,2235,7,7,8>Ah... just the review I wanted to write.  I had the mindset of a father who really wants his child to thrive.  I want to adopt this restaurant as "my little go-to joint."  After my first visit here, I was very pleased, but I really wanted to have an even better experience.  I did not approach here the second time around with a discerning heart in mind, but rather I really wanted to embrace this great restaurant.This time, the restaurant was indeed great in terms of food, service, and value.  The server accommodated us with a lunch menu alongside brunch, as we wanted a bit more variety to choose from.  The food was a bit more affordable during brunch, and the service was attentive, quick, and genuine.The guacamole was one of the best mashed avocados I have had.  It was simple, yet the pickled vegetables added a mysterious sweet note.  It was creamy, fresh, and hearty.  The fried yucca and plantains were a good light alternative to their thick cut chips.The torta is exactly the kind of Mexican grub that you NEED to eat.  The ahogada had carnitas, black beans, and Mexican bread.  Why was it so amazing?  This was by far the messiest sandwich I have ever eaten.  It is topped with cheese, and smothered in ranchero and chile verde sauces.  French Dip Mexican style, success.The aguacate relleno was essentially an avocado with greasy goodness.  It was topped with Mexican chorizo, mushrooms, cheese and peppers.  It was served over an oily, artificial-orange pile of whipped black beans, the oil most likely dripping down from the hearty chorizo.  The buttery rice was a nice tough, and the fresh corn tortillas were crisp and warm.Hurry on over to Zandunga; you will surely not be disappointed.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,12/25/2010,42,96,7,11,10>AC/DC wrote a song to let us know that TNT is dynamite, so i'm writing this yelp review to assure you that TNT is, in fact, dynamite. it is also delicious, flavorful & all sorts of awesome. first, the service - our waiter, Alejandro, was fantastic. he had an incredible knowledge of the menu, let us know his favorites (which were spot-on for us), and was just plain adorable. the food - portion sizes were a bit small, but very tasty. my favorite of the tacos i tried was hands down the corn-crusted chicken. probably the best taco i've ever eaten. i also found the beef tenderloin taco to be suprisingly tasty. seeing as how i don't even typically eat or like red meat, that's pretty damn impressive.their chips and salsa were way above par. they serve a literal "mixed bag" of chips--corn tortilla, blue corn tortilla & sweet potato. the chips are served with 3 of their salsas/sauces, which are also super delicious.the price - not too shabby, i must say. two of us ate til we simply couldn't eat no mo' for around $20.i'm putting them at the top of my "favorites" list and can't wait to return for more deliciousness!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,12/24/2010,44,83,6,9,6>Here is the deal-If you are unfamiliar with actual deep dish pizza from Chicago, you will love the deep dish pizza here.If you are familiar with said authentic deep dish, but have not partaken of it in a while, you will probably love the deep dish pizza here.If you are fresh off the plane from the Greater Chicago area, tend to call your carbonated beverages "POP" or talk about how much you miss your Ma, you will not like Mangia at all.I fall into the second category.  The first time I had Mangia I was almost offended.  Now I love to sit down to a fresh Mangia deep dish and a big pitcher of soda.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,12/23/2010,143,66,11,9,12>I went in here last week, and I sat at the bar to eat alone (aww, poor me!). I had excellent entertainment in the form of Billy, though-- I always find it interesting to watch people work, and what he does is pretty much drinkable alchemy, so it's even more intriguing to me. There's a ton of fruits, veggies, and spices on the bar's work surface, and it's amazing to see those go from being ingredients to part of a coherent whole.I had decided to get the chicken pot pie, and I asked him to make me a drink that would complement my meal. To help narrow it down, I let him know that I was into gin more than bourbon that evening. He asked a few questions about my feelings on fruits and spices, and then made a drink just for me (squee!) that was a variation on a Hanky Panky.As it turns out, Mama likes Hanky Panky variations. Make of that what you will. I barely had time to have a sip of my delightful drink before my pot pie came out. The pot pie was a delight, as usual-- flaky puff pastry top crust, rich sauce, large chunks of mushrooms and chicken... It's always so good. And my drink really was a nice complement to the food!The best part? He gave me the drink recipe. If you ask nicely, I might share it with you!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,12/22/2010,66,105,8,9,14>I have an extremely well-traveled cat.  She was born on the rough streets of Dorchester (Boston) to a hard-working single mom who was abandoned when her human family moved to Florida.  Since then, she's taken two cross-country road trips, and she's lived in San Francisco, Chicago, and now, Austin.  Needless to say, with this level of sophistication, Miss Cordelia Chase Balls is very particular about her veterinarians.Luckily, Cordy reports that Allandale Veterinary Clinic is top notch.  She realizes that administration isn't always indicative of the quality of medical care, but it's still nice that their receptionists and vet techs are so polite, attentive, and detail-oriented anyway.  She's amazed that, given the number of patients they see on a daily basis, every time she comes in, they remember her name.The vets are wonderful, too.  In particular, Cordy is fond of Dr. Weisz, who is wonderfully compassionate and knowledgeable.  Recently, when Cordy wasn't feeling very well, she had to go to the emergency vet, who diagnosed her with bladder stones and possibly lymphoma.  Dr. Weisz was kind and patient every step of the way, from the surgery to remove the stones, to the testing of the stones, to following up with us constantly to check on the status of our favorite family member.  When Dr. Weisz determined that the cause wasn't lymphoma after all (phew!), she recommended a modified diet and even contacted a researcher across the country about the latest scientific developments that could affect our cat.  (Dr. Weisz's preference -- and ours too -- is to avoid putting the patient on steroids if at all possible.)We're happy to report that our five-year-old is back to kitten-like levels of energy these days, even if that means that she wears us out with her renewed insistence on playing fetch.  Sure, she probably could've gotten the same surgery, possibly at a lower price, from a different office.  But the level of compassion and professionalism is simply unsurpassed here.  We know Cordy's not their only patient, but they sure make us feel like she is, and that makes all the difference in the world.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,12/20/2010,413,275,13,9,8>2 words, 1 hell of a good time, 9 letters .... HAPPY HOUR!Me and my girls had our Wassup wit it Wednesdays at 219 West and we were happier than kids on a Saturday morning. From 5 - 9PM you get drink specials and half off tapas. There was a live band playing popular, cool music which gave a nice ambiance.The $5 Georgia Peach Shaker Martini is a steal! We had Chipotle Mac and Cheese, Fried Calamari Steak Fingers, Spinish and Artichoke Quesadilla, and Ahi Tuna and Shrimp Ceviche. Sooo delicious, so cheap, so good. My favorite was the Fried Calamari Steak Fingers but the dipping sauce makes it bomb - I swear they put crack in it. The grand total split between us 4? $14 each (including a $3 tip). whatdidafishsaywhenhehitabrickwall? DAM! Too good.We will definitely be back for more for future Wassup Wit it Wednesdays, Triflin Thursdays, and whatever day we might decide to be fun.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,12/19/2010,95,135,8,8,9>Last summer I got lucky enough to live in Spain for a couple of months and enjoy delicious tapas whenever I wanted. I haven't had ANY since then. Until I went to Malaga. We made it during happy hour and got a special for a drink and tapa pairing. I got Patatas Bravas because it's one of my favs from Spain, my bf got meatballs because, well, he's a carnivore and I don't like that. Sadly for him, the meatballs sucked and the potatoes rocked so he ended up eating most of them. (The sangria is pretty delicious). We were getting full after that, so we just ordered two more tapas, the croquetas and crawfish cakes (I forget the spanish name). Both were delicious. I'm certain I'll be back here again, especially for happy hour.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,12/18/2010,90,138,7,6,10>Slick, sleek, stylish, asian, with a twist.From the graceful and intriguing decor to the very fresh sushi, this place is a keeper.   It's downright beautiful yet not overstated.  The service, the sushi, the sake, all are great.  I've been here 10+ times, mostly for lunch and I've never been disappointed.  I'm a traditionalist so I don't go for the funky rolls but stick the straight sushi and sashimi.  The fish quality is top notch.  I don't order it, but my favorite co-worker always orders the firecracker chicken and she loves it.The bathrooms are totally cool, seriously.  Make sure you check them out when you come.  I never knew about the monday specials here, have to hit up Kenobi on one of these monday nights.__________________________Bah.  I tried to paste a Japanese sentence in here but Yelp wouldn't take it.  You'd think Yelp wouldn't be holding grudges from 1941.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,12/17/2010,77,219,2,8,9>I finally checked out their patio last night and decided to get their burger.  I was impressed by the variety of the menu for such a small place.  I ordered my burger medium well and upon first bite I thought it may be too dry.  It was actually fine though as it had a nice charred crunch in every bite.  It was delicious!  Next time I'll get it medium rare just to see how it differs but it really is a great patty.  The seasoned waffle fries are terrific and I'm glad it wasn't a huge portion since it didn't make me feel as guilty for devouring them.  The waitress was the only one tending to the patio and was really cool as she gracefully served everyone.  Its great to have a place like this so close to me.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,12/16/2010,32,179,4,7,5>Pretty good all things considered.  I have tried a few of the flavors and the tart is my favorite.  My dog is a huge fan of the peanut butter.  She has attempted to join the ranks of the bipeds in an attempt to get closer to the bowl.It's a yogurt place.  I'm not sure how much I can add here about my experiences that hasn't already been said.  However, here goes:Pros: 1) the staff is really nice.  Most places of this sort have a staff that oozes the "I'm so bored I can't stand it vibe" and they are quite friendly.2) they let me snitch a small dixie cup for yogurt for the dog.  Yes, I pay for the yogurt in it, but I'm not about to give my small terrier a huge bowl because she's on a doggie diet.3) the tart is tart.  I appreciate that because I've developed an aversion to sickly sweet stuff.  I like the sharp tart flavor.4) the place is clean.  Don't underestimate how nice clean, non-sticky surfaces can be.Overall, I like the yogurt and go about once a week.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,12/14/2010,146,505,9,11,11>Not only do I like shopping here because I support a local business, choose from great selections, and come home with heavenly treasures that my partner never scoffs. (He's a big scoffer from WAY back.), but also I like shopping here because no matter how infrequently I show up -- which is pretty infrequently these days -- the owner always remembers me. More often than not, he has a bottle of something cool that he wants me to try, usually for a good price. As well, he remembers the special bottles I bought in the past, which he always reminds me of. We buy wine. We drink wine. We share wine. Hardly ever do we remember the buying part as an experience we want to remember. There is nothing utilitarian about shopping here. You are treated like an old friend. That is good marketing.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,12/13/2010,99,172,7,9,9>I met up with several other ladies for brunch this past Sunday and had a wonderful time. I'd arrived early and enjoyed sitting out in the gardens watching the peacock's, seeing all the beautiful roses and snapping pictures with my camera. Right in the middle of South Austin sits this gem, a former mansion turned restaurant. How absolutely beautiful. There were traditional Indian Blue peacocks as well as White peacocks! (White is a color variation of the Indian Blue peacocks, not albino's). My brunch ladies arrived and we were seated in the sun room. The buffet had a lot of different items, not your typical brunch fare but surely enough to tempt everyones palate. I found the smoked trout tastier than the smoked salmon. The blue cheese pepper-steak was fantastic and so was the prime rib (although I would've liked some au jus). The green lipped mussels seemed off but the purple potato soup (served chilled) was delightful. The milk rum punch was out of this world. I may have had about 7 glasses of it myself. Our waiter didn't quite keep it flowing but I made sure to let him know I could use a bit more anytime we passed each other. I didn't try any of the chocolate desserts but the strawberry trifle was my favorite dessert. And all of it (including rum punch or some other alcoholic breakfast drink) is included in the $35 charge. Fabulous! We'd meant to go and look at the bar upstairs ( I heard a rumor it's haunted) but we had been looking at this white peacock who had his feathers raised the whole time we'd been eating, as he turned in circles... so we forgot. We did get some great peacock pictures, I'll add them to the pictures. I'll certainly need to take the family here when they come to visit. It gives you a chance to step back in time and have a relaxing brunch in a southern atmosphere.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,12/12/2010,83,155,3,8,5>I'm sorry but if The Shed being mobile and not in an actual building bothers you....you need to re-evaluate things. Austin is full of mobile edible awesomeness. The Shed aka "The Rolling Joint" is awesome! Ive never had coleslaw on my bbq sandwich but I will from now on:) The pulled pork bbq sandwich Mississippi style was the best bbq sandwich Ive ever had. Oh and yes, I am from TEXAS and I still think these guys rock! Look beyond the trailor and TASTE THE FOOD! You wont be disappointed.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,12/11/2010,183,201,8,11,9>Don't hate.  - It's easy to watch the people touring ATX on segways these days and think...  "What a bunch of dorks"...  :)I took the Bat/Ghost tour this past week and it was awesome.  We had a bright full moon and everyone in the group got the hang of riding pretty quickly.Segways are really pretty simple to use and they go a lot faster than I expected (really fun to tear through the grounds of the Texas Capitol).Great time.  Highly recommend Chris and his team.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,12/10/2010,95,254,8,12,11>I REALLY like this place. It's cozy, it's fun, it's unique, and the food is just plain good. This is what I had:Greek Burger: this burger did not have the tzatziki sauce that I was promised, but nevertheless, it was DELICIOUS. I am partial to lamb burgers, but I think anyone would tell you that it tasted amazing. The toppings were simple, just raw onions, spinach, and feta, which made it easy to tell that the meat and the bun were top quality.Magic Shroom: topped with mushrooms, pesto, and goat cheese, this burger had an extra burst of flavor from the mushrooms, but still didn't overpower the natural flavors of the beef and bun.Chocolate shake: We got this straight up even though there is an option to booze it up. I'll try it next time. This will rank among the best in Austin because they make their ice cream IN HOUSE! And it shows. Unfortunately it also shows in the price. 6 bucks for one shake. Yikes!Fries: The regular Kennebec fries are delightful, but I suggest that everyone get the chili cheese fries, because I took a gander at the table next to us and immediately felt jealous.This was a great experience. It takes a little getting used to because the seating system is different. Here's a short FAQ to help you through your first time:Q: How do I order a beer? A: order bottles at the counter, tap from the barQ: Do I get water myself? A: You can either get it yourself or ask the person who comes to your table after you are seatedQ: How do I fit these pickles in that tiny little container? A: You place the pickle on top of the container and use the tongs to smoosh the middle down into the cup.Now you're home free and ready to enjoy one of the best burgers of your life.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,12/9/2010,250,195,7,11,11>Wow.  I don't really like Round Rock, and it's not available on the bus line, but if they'd open one near me, I'd go.  Far too frequently.  I grew up on the east coast so the cracker crust is not really my thing, but they fixed that by putting actual crunchable fennel seeds in it.  Very tasty.  I also appreciate their million unusual toppings, and that they have a TreeHugger pizza that lets you pick your veggies, instead of a generic what-few-veggies-we-have pie.  The one my hosts ordered had asparagus, olives, mushrooms, and green peppers.  It was fantastic, and I normally don't like green peppers.  I will definitely try these folks again if I'm in the area.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,12/8/2010,204,582,5,7,7>Recently cruised the Hut a bit ago and was pleasantly surprised to learn they now offer that fab ranch dip (have they always?), a stuffed avocado (def a newer menu item) and frozen swirl margaritas (likely a staple, I've just never had them). Having come here since college (quite some time ago, eh-em) it was neat that Hula Hut could still surprise me. Bring it on! As always the chips were free and self-serve (fun) and the waitstaff and bar peeps were friendly and attentive. We arrived at about 5:30 on Sunday and waited maybe 5 minutes at the bar for a table. My last visit few months ago I only waited a few minutes too. Maybe I'm just lucky cuz I know it can be a pain to get in here. I say plan on at least 30 minutes during peak time and grab yourself a drink...or just show up at an off time and the whole vibe will be way more chill anyway. Either way, there is loads of people watching to be had and nice weather (and frozen margs) to enjoy while waiting. Can't go wrong with a Tubular Taco (my typical order through the years) but I tried the stuffed avocado and loved it. It was cheaper than most entrees, simple but tasty, and plenty of food (half the size of the TT which everyone knows can feed you for two meals). I give this bad boy five stars despite the occasional wait and annoying parking. (Suck it up and valet). The hut is right on the water, serves solid food and drinks, has a cheesy but fun atmosphere, and has hosted all sorts of good times over the years (date night, out-of-town visitors, girls night out, post or pre party drinks and/or snacks, etc). I heart Hula Hut.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,12/7/2010,458,426,12,10,12>I was raised on frozen dinners, Southern soul food, red meat, iceberg lettuce and lots of kids cereal. It wasn't long after I'd ventured from the ancestral stomping grounds before I started to acquaint myself with more exotic fare. Still, I'm pretty ignorant about Indian and Pakistani food. I have no idea what most of the things lining the shelves at Shree Jee Grocery are, but most of them have something to do with lentils, peas, graham flour, rice flour, mung beans and about twenty other kinds of beans. I'm amazed that those folks don't fart ALL THE TIME.Even though I have no idea what anything is, there are lots of easy-to-make prepackaged mixes (think Hamburger Helper for people who would never go NEAR a hamburger). Many of them don't require any ingredients other than water or oil, and there are a lot of mixes that are 99 cents. I usually leave the place with a bagful of things to experiment with for under $10. As is typically my experience when I randomly purchase unfamiliar items at an ethnic supermarket, after I get it home and make it I generally find that half of it I could take or leave, 25 percent of it is totally barf, and 25 percent if the kind of thing I can't WAIT to make for friends someday soon, it's that wonderful. Today I made vada (like savory doughnuts), kheer (a sweet rice/almond/raisin/vermicelli soup), and idli (steamed rice/lentil cakes which require a special mold to make but which turned out fairly well steamed in a pot in a few earthenware ramekins).Of course there are plenty of dry legumes and flours, jarred and canned chutneys and other condiments, and a small frozen section. Traditional Indian music plays in-store to get you in the mood to shop (or drive you up the wall). The last time we were in the helpful cashier offered us lemonade while we shopped. Adventurous eating is the closest thing to traveling to foreign lands without actually leaving town. It's wonderful that South Austin has a store like this. I just hope the locals will support it--I've only been there a couple of times myself, but I don't think I ever saw anyone else there.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,12/6/2010,359,214,4,6,8>I love this place. We drove in to the expected crazy busy mess that we all love as the Salt Lick. They have this Sheriff guy directing traffic who we made fun of because he was so mean. We checked in and was told an hour wait. We gladly waited in the outside area with our beer and wine we brought in. If you want to drink, you MUST bring your own beverages. The Salt Lick does NOT charge a 'corking fee' or whatever else restaurants call it to charge the customer extra money. We sat at a picnic table, listened to live music and chatted for 55 min. before being sat at our table. Some of us ordered the all you can eat(I was one of those gluttons) and others ordered individual plates. One of my friends had to leave early, so they let her order first and brought her food almost immediately. The food was served hot and pretty quickly for as busy as they were. It was FABULOUS....as usual. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. No split checks, but it worked out fine with our group. GO GO GO GO GO GO!!! EAT EAT EAT EAT!!!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,12/5/2010,53,195,13,10,10>You know what pisses me off?  I work...oooh... 2 blocks away and I'm always sitting there yelping places to eat and Ranch 616 NEVER EVER comes up when I put in my address and search restaurants.  WHY GOD WHY??  You're right there!!  You have good reviews!  You look inoccuous and are the perfect candidate for "hidden gem" type establishment.  If I look out the appropriate window you've been right there... all this time... being magical and perfect and oh so heavenly, and I didn't know.  I DIDN'T KNOW!!!!Ranch 616 rocks my god damn socks off.  Enchiladas: awesome.  Special of the day: awesome.  Rediculously strong jalepeno infused vodka drink of chili powder garnished death.. OMG!!! I want to eat there every day!  I want friends to visit just so I can take them there and marvel at the stuffed heads on the wall while getting plowed over a plate of perfectly marinated meat.Have I gotten the point across?  Eat here.  Drink here.  Just GO TO RANCH 616!
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,12/4/2010,89,239,15,7,4>The first time I visited this place I was like D.T.H.B.M.S.D.M.F.S.  (Damn! These Hipsters Be Making Some Delicious M-Fing Sandwiches!)On my second visit I came to the conclusion that Y.F.G.C.M.A.B.T.G. (Your French Grandmother Couldn't Make A Baguette This Good.) and F.F.F.A.B.A.S.I.A.G.D. (Four Fifty For A Big Ass Sandwich Is A GREAT Deal!)Last week I decided the sandwich was just as good, but I had to wait FOREVER for it!  Hence, A.C.Y.O.A.B.L.B.G.B.A.S.D.L.  (Always Call Your Order Ahead Because Lulu B's Gets Busy As Sh*t During Lunch!) Today, it's been scientifically proven that I.C.B.P.W.A.C.I.B.W.M.T.P.  (If Chinese Barbecued Pork Was A Commodity, It'd Be Worth More Than Platinum.)Hope that answers your questions because Y.T.P.R.I.T.G.  (Yes, This Place Really Is That Good.)
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,12/3/2010,315,239,12,30,16>I don't like risk. Even though I loathed wearing my glasses and could no longer wear contact lenses due to chronic dry eye, I refused to consider getting surgery to correct my nearsightedness.  Even though I've had several friends over the years who have raved about the improved quality of life they experienced after surgery, I just couldn't get past the fear.  What if I was in that tiny percentage with a bad outcome? Why would I want to gamble with my eyes for an elective procedure? The cure to my fear was finding the highest rated doctor I could afford with the most stringent patient acceptance criteria. I figured that a guy who cares a great deal about his success statistics wouldn't choose me as a patient if I'm not a great candidate. Plus, as a teaching and testing facility, the office would have access to the latest and greatest gadgetry to increase the accuracy of the procedure as well as my comfort. A practice that is good enough for Olympians and astronauts has gotta be good enough for me, right? Seeing all the glowing reviews on Yelp and the risk-free consultation gave me the push I needed to check out Dell Laser Consultants.Dr. Dell's team took a few hundred different measurements of my eyes (many that I'd never experienced before, even though I've been visiting the eye doctor every 6-12 months for the past 20+ years). Both he and Dr. Cunningham discussed several different issues with my eyes and lifestyle changes I could make and meds to take to improve them. I learned that I (like most women beyond their 20s) needed to get on a high dose of Omega 3s to combat dry eye, and to become fanatical about wearing sunglasses at all times when outdoors. I also found out that a red eye condition I'd had for years was actually a bacterial infection that could be cleared up with the right antibiotic - huh, wonder why my "regular" eye doc didn't catch that before?After careful consideration of all the variables and some preliminary treatment for my dry eyes, they gave me the green light to proceed to a glasses-free face for the first time since 7th grade. Since I'd been out of contacts for years already, I didn't have to wait long. From first consult to surgery, it was less than a month (and this delay was more about my schedule than his).It's now been 2 weeks, and I am very happy with the results. I went from -5.5 (R) /  -4.75 (L) correction to 20/15 (R) and 20/20 (L) vision, and my sight is expected to continue to improve over the next several weeks. I love being able to wear cute sunglasses and see in the shower and distinguish my loved ones' faces from the across the room. When summer rolls back around, it will be great to go to the pool, lake, beach, etc. and have no need for glasses. Snow skiing and SCUBA diving with no worries about contact lens mishaps - yay!Now my biggest eye worries are the dark circles and fine lines around my eyes that are no longer camouflaged by glasses frames. Trying out fancy eye creams has become my new hobby....
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,12/2/2010,20,111,5,7,8>$Q()$*&Doijf8fhhi24puv;ji43093u40[augjo;iasjf;a4­owut[rg!that ^ up there is frustration typed out.  yes STAG, you frustrate me.  why?  bc i want everything you have.  no, not just the clothes - but your steve mcqueen and saarinen coffee table books, the friggin tree trunk coffee table itself, the beatup plycraft lounger.but back to the clothes - puffy vests, buffalo plaid, selvage denim, military grade khakis, flannel, pearl snaps, flannel WITH pearl snaps, old school chunky knits, boots, throw in some vintage denim jackets.brands i noticed - RRL, Alternative Apparel, Schott, there's probably Red Wing in there somewhere.can this be my apartment?  minus all the taxidermy?  this place has got to be one of the most well edited stores i've ever been in.these guys got it right - i think it'd be even cooler if they started carrying another brand or two of selvage denim.  every now and then i see a guy breaking in his own raw jeans here - and i think austin is one of those places people could really pick up on it.  you listening STAG?  you would be the source, and you wouldn't have any competition - maybe carry some APC's for the beginners and some Japanese repro's for the denim heads.but yeah, stop in here, when you're waiting 3 days for your table at homeslice.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,12/1/2010,161,122,7,7,7>This is a wonderful little restaurant. It's difficult for a restaurant to achieve a festive atmosphere without feeling TGI-Friday's-ish but Pearla's accomplishes that while allowing the waiters to NOT dance the Macerena or sing an incredibly stupid happy birthday jingle together. But I digress.Ambiance - Perla's, as I mentioned, has a feel thats more festive than romantic. Now, you CAN take your wife or girlfriend there, but if it's an anniversary or something like that I would probably recommend somewhere darker. This WOULD be a great date place, though, as it is naturally loud and has a general fun vibe to it. Service - The waiters are very friendly and pleasant. Their casualness could be off-putting to some, but it felt uniquely Austin to me and I really enjoyed it. From the bartenders to the waiters everyone seemed very well versed on the menu and was happy to make any accommodations. Food - We had the brussel sprouts as a side and they were great. Our fish entrees, her's was salmon and mine was tuna, were both perfectly cooked and delicious. Also, Perla's did this great thing where they served dinner entrees with enough food to actually feed someone (Wink, I'm talking to you...)In general I really like Perla's and I'll definitely be back in the future.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,11/30/2010,199,518,7,8,7>It's there. No really it's there. You just have to look for it. Also there's no sign out in front. Actually I got down from my car and had to ask the hostess is this Musashino Suski Dokoro. Well it was my birthday and I was craving for sushi. Didn't feel like going to Uchi because I didn't feel like dressing up. I mean c'mon dressing up to have sushi? I remember the days of going to hole in the walls and I had the best sushi. I thought it stupid to pay a huge amount for food when you can get it for cheap and more likely its way better.We started off with Edamame (one of my favorite vegetables) and the Shrimp Tempura Appetizer. Edamame is Edamame. Shrimp Tempura Appetizer was served with veggies that were also covered with tempura. What stood out was the yam tempura. I'm normally not a yam person. Because I yam what I yam. But they shredded the yam and dipped it in tempura. Dip it in the tempura sauce and it was the best. Since there was me, my sister and my dad, we decided get the Sashimi Moriawase which was basically a variety of fish for two or more people. In addition we ordered the Ozzy Roll with unagi, yellowtail, avocado and sesame seeds covered in caviar. Really good and a bit spicy. We also had another roll of sushi which escapes me for the moment.There was also the Asparagus Tempura Roll, the Rock and Roll, Tempura Ice Cream, and I wanted to try but we were full with what we had.Definitely worth going back. Of course the price is pretty expensive and the service was good. Now I will know where the place is this time around.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,11/29/2010,47,101,3,13,9>This is a restaurant that I anticipated for the longest time. Since they day they opened, replacing what used to be Zoot, I've been dying to go. It's not exactly within your average student budget (a class I'm definitely a member of), and so it never really came together. Fast forwards months and months, and I finally had a reason to go. My girlfriend basically made it clear that we hadn't gone on a date recently enough, so it was my duty to take care of that. So I did, and it worked out great for both of us!To be honest, I really wish I could add more to all the great reviews below, but I don't know how original I can get, so, pardon the redundancy, I really don't mean it that way.The meal itself was fantastic. Our waitress had a tinge of a german accent, and although I was tempted to parade my German fluency in front of my girlfriend, it was also not the right time to hit that level of douchebaggery, so I forewent that route of attack in being friendly. As it turns out, I didn't need to pull out any tricks to get adequate attention from the waitstaff during our meal. And I say waitstaff, not waitress, because when our waitress was tied up at another table, the other waiters never hesitated to help us out if we needed something (paying attention to our body language without me having to fling myself across the ikea-laden table setting). Which brings me to another point...having grown up as a child in Germany,  I have a great appreciation and love for IKEA paraphernalia, be it the glassware, the chairs, the plates, what have you. People stateside seem to have the mistaken association that inexpensive = cheap. The swedes showed us that that is a horrific misconception, and the answer is IKEA. I'm not ready to argue that point, so keep your coffee table and folding chair horror stories outta here; the point is, the decor was quaint, clean, and appropriate for the ambiance of the restaurant. The food was delectable. The butter that came with our loaves (not loaf, loaves...we were starving!) was to die for, and i probably could've eaten my own weight in that stuff. Our cheese platter for starters round 2 hit the spot, with neat presentation, a wide range of soft to hard, goat to cow, what have you. Delicious. And then the entrees, which is unfortunately where our journey ended. I had the jaegerschnitzel mit spaetzle, which was, uhm fanf***ingtastic! and me lady had the chicken entree, which was also tender, flavorful, and hearty.The whole meal was a great experience, and other than the industry standard markup on Wine, it was worth every penny. Seriously, skip the wine, and you can't not be amazed at how good the food is for the price.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,11/28/2010,89,252,11,12,14>Fair warning: I'm about to let my freak flag fly a little. I love Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I don't have all the figurines, but I have a friend and we exchange the graphic novels and young adult novels on birthdays and other holidays. I'm starting to amass quite the collection. I've also been pretty into video games like Fable 2 and 3, and board games like Settlers of Catan.So Boyfriend and I were driving around one morning, talking about all these interests, and he suddenly thought, Wouldn't it be awesome if there were a tabletop role-playing game for Buffy?!? I was skeptical. My side of the conversation went like this:What's a tabletop role-playing game?It's like Dungeons and Dragons?!? I am SO not that girl!....Oh, that sounds kinda fun.Let's go to a game store!He's not a D&D-er, either, so we had no idea where to go. The folks at Great Hall Games, who are always nice, were completely unhelpful and dismissive (dare I say derisive?) about our quest for a Buffy RPG. Another comic book store in town took us to the Buffy figurine section, told us "No, looks like we don't have it" and walked off. And then we walked into Dragon's Lair. We asked our question, which we'd realized at this point, because two other people had all-but pointed this out, was a stupid question, and we waited. Imagine our surprise when this adorable, small, helpful woman actually checked the RPG rulebooks, told us the Buffy rulebook was out of print but available online and sometimes at Half-Price Books, advised us that there were two different versions, told us about the gameplay and its ups and downs, compared it to other RPGs, and recommended one for us to get started! Then, as we were leaving, we stopped to watch the beginning of a D&D game (so I could get an idea of what I was getting so excited about). Another spectator, who is a frequent DM (that's DungeonMaster, for those not in the know), introduced himself, told us about the game nights, explained the rules, and was generally awesome.It was awesome!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,11/27/2010,462,751,3,10,9>This place is a hop, skip and a jump from my work and I've been hearing about it on Yelp so I finally decided to give it a try.First off, the soft taco plate with shredded chicken was delicious. Juicy and seasoned and delicious. It was hot, though. Like, hella hot. Like, holy crap my mouth is on fire hot. The chicken definitely had some zest to it. Nom.The beans tasted ... meaty. The rice was adequate.What was really great was the cleanliness of the place and the super friendly service. You can tell this is a place that is invested in it's community. There are spots for people to leave their business cards. It's one of those great mom and pop type places that it's great to see succeeding.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/26/2010,189,449,6,9,9>I really like this place.  It is an oasis of calm amid the stupid of 6th.  It is comfortable and you can usually find a spot to sit.  The drinks are reasonably priced.  Lots of sports on.  The only live act I have seen is Eric Tessmer band and I ADORE him.  The clientele is usually a bit more mature than found at the other 6th street establishments, which is terrific.    The food is not it's strong point, but I don't come here to eat.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,11/25/2010,348,383,3,8,8>Perfectly good coffee! And there was helpful friendly service as well. Can't stress that enough. They brought everything out to our table. We hung out here for an hour or so with our realtor. Scooters was a good place to relax and go over things in a stress free environment. The tunes they were playing consisted of old jazz and pop standards from the 40s.  Good choices! Also of note: They sell 3 types of pre-made Torchy's breakfast tacos in the morning!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,11/24/2010,325,414,11,13,10>I've learned that sometimes on your birthday you really do just have to splurge on yourself.That's what I did today. I called to make an appointment (highly suggested) and looked forward to it all week. I walked in. You know how you walk in Those Other Nail Shops and you're HIT with the smell of all those chemicals? Not here. Not at all. I walked in and they had me sit in these big, cushy, wonderful chairs. And not those awkward rolly massagey things, either. Ever watch someone in one of those? We look pretty ridiculous. My mimosa (oh, yes, my mimosa, people!) was delivered promptly, as they put a hot, delicious smelling wrap around my neck. The nice lady came over with a big copper pot and had me stick my feet in awesomely hot water. I sat and soaked. And snacked on M&Ms and mimosas. (Okay, fine...my one complaint is that there were too many orange M&Ms)Usually, I giggle uncontrollably when they whip out that big file thing, but for whatever reason, this one did not tickle so badly. Also? after she scraped down my feet, she took off the file (like a sticker) and threw it away. The other tool--like file and buffer--she gave to me. Much more cleanly than that blue water stuff I've seen at Other Places...I splurged and went for the Embellish Pedicure, which involved a paraffin wax and a yummy scrub.  My gams are still soft and feel great.She said usually there's movies on the flat screens, but for whatever reason they were off today, which was fine for my relaxation factor, especially since the music was right up my alley. The place is bright and open with lovely windows. The woman told me it's about twice as big as the one at The Triangle. For that reason alone, I'd be more likely to come back to this one.I don't usually get manicures, but the manicure bar looks pretty snazzy. It's literally like a bar, with high stools. It's very clean. They techs bring out their cart with the tools and materials on it, then wheel them back out of the way. That is way cool!I don't think I'd get the Embellish Pedicure every time, because of the added cost, but I can see me coming back here again. For sure.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,11/23/2010,253,502,7,11,11>Gas station pizza that rocks. I'm dead serious (along with a lot of others on this page). I had never heard of Giovanni's until a week or so ago here on Yelp. After reading reviews and determining they have my favorite kind of pizza (ultra-thin crust), I decided to stop in here on my way home from work tonight.I walked in and ordered my pie and went back to my car to chat on the phone while I waited 15 minutes like I was told. The best part was that on either side of me were people doing the same thing. The drive home nearly killed me because this thing smelled so amazing. When I got home, I dove right in (because I was starving, duh) and didn't even bother with my usual addition of cheese and red pepper. That is one damned fine pizza Mr. Giovanni. No, seriously. It's amazing. The sauce is so good that you can actually taste the seasonings like basil. There is a perfect amount of cheese and the black olives I ordered actually tasted like briney black olives and not tasteless little black lumps. I seriously can't believe that pizza that good just came from a gas station, but I'm a believer and that will be the first of quite a few trips to Giovanni's.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,11/22/2010,102,357,10,14,9>UXL.  Oh sorry, this place put me in a food coma and I forgot how to spell OMG.We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, $25 off but we had to spend $35.  So we figured we'd go hog wild and take home a bunch of stuff.  Yeah, we didn't take home as much as we thought...In order:Hot and Sour soup:  Vunderbar.  Cilantro on top was great, perfect blend of "hot" and "sour."  Who knew?Bacon fried green beans:  Um, you had me at bacon.Lettuce wraps:  Never mind the delicious flavor, there was more meat than lettuce!  Seriously, when does that EVER happen?  We ate three, plus picked at the meat and still had enough for three more.Ahi tuna:  How do you say "delectable" in Japanese?  Yeah, that.  Cooked a little more than rare, and there was some delicious sugary type crust on the outside.Mongolian beef:  "Only" very very good.  Four different kinds of tea to choose from, some beers too.  Wifi for work and some very cheap looking lunch specials.  I am so going back to this place.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,11/21/2010,90,161,13,18,14>Utter and complete decadence has arrived in North Austin. I found it in a Lemon Creme cupcake. This review is for the Bite It part. Lick It, Bite It, Or Both is a nice little place on Burnet Road close by the Domain. They have their cupcakes displayed beautifully in glassware that makes them look more like artwork than sweet eats. I like the decor as well. Kinda classy blue and brown colors matching there logo. I had popped in to try one out but as soon as i saw the different varieties i new i would be bringing some home to share with the family. So i ended up with half a dozen. I chose the Coconut, Red Velvet, Carrot, Chocolate Chocolate, Lemon Creme and Strawberry. I have to say that i am late to the Cup Cake phenomenon all over town but i am thrilled that we have one up closer to where we live. As far as the Ice Cream goes i did not try them yet but I'm thinking a trip here with the kids during spring break ought to be a good time to finish the Lick It part of my review and will update then.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,11/20/2010,88,115,26,29,30>I have finally arrived in this city...I'm a proud MotherFoster for the APA.  That doesn't mean that I can't comment on how wonderful the staff , & volunteers, are.From the time that you "raise your hand" to foster a dog, they assist in the advertisement of that dog, accommodations at the various sites (in front of all PetSmarts, at South Congress, etc.), and of course the medical treatment for the pets.  They do not make it hard to care for the hard-up.APA isn't turning away animals who have the hardest of situations, to those who seem to have the misfortune of being born of a certain breed.  Whether it be parvo, mange, or just being born a Rottie, or partially Pit Bull-esque.I was lucky to have my dog for a long time.  Helping to save other animals, seeing the satisfaction of a successful adoptions, and the ease in which these transactions are made with the help of this wonderful organization...this is why we're known in Austin for keeping it weird.  Because we consistently show we care in a world gone mad...weird.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,11/19/2010,611,369,11,8,13>I am mostly vegetarian and at times completely vegan and yet this place gets 5 stars.How prey tell did a "Haute Dog" restaurant known for using bacon in everything from cocktails to cookies accomplish this you ask?  It's simple.  Blood.No, not the blood in the "delicious meats" and gore-galore that I can only assume goes on in the kitchen in preparation for the elaborate, varied, and possibly wonderful sausages (which I'm totally cool with by the way).  It was the blood on my face and their bloody mary that stole my heart.Plot thickens.I've got this weird bloody mary obsession going lately, and this is by far one of the best in town (2nd only to Rio Rita).  It's spicy, delicious, and perfectly tasty.  Not too thick, not too thin but for some?  Too spicy.  I'm Cajun.  That's how I like it.  When I want this kind of drink I want to feel like a fucking dragon and that I'm breathing fire, and they make it happen (careful vegetarians, you gotta specify you don't want bacon in your vodka; they like meat THAT much)."So wait?  Why did she mention blood on her face?  The fuck Amber... Your reviews are all over the place.  Let me guess you got trashed and injured yourself again?"How did you know?!  After a series of fun (re: drinks) I pedaled hard and fast over Town Lake in eager anticipation to meet with this guy I know and his cousins that just flew in.  I met 'em alright.  Dripping with blood like a freaking zombie, and possibly with a cracked rib. A certain someone dodging a large stick got their handlebar caught in the railing at high speed and was launched over their handlebars and onto the pavement.  The staff at Frank stopped everything, freaked out on me at sight, and one waitress stayed in the bathroom with me washing blood out of my hair and making sure I was okay.  That's right.  Their service is so good they will fucking wash blood out of your hair... Then make you a deliciously spicy bloody mary.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,11/18/2010,85,129,6,7,9>Not a damn  pretentious bone in anything that has to do with this place. This is one of the easiest places in Austin to go and throw down a couple of beers from the very wide, delicious, great, yummy, inexpensive, and the while still humble beer selections. And what better to go with your beer than a greasy hamburger with all of the fixings and some crisp fries? Plus they have my all time favorite hot sauce (CHOLULA FOR LIFE!) sitting right next to the ketchup! That show's they've got the brains to match the talent.They've got an OK amount of indoor seating where you can check out some darts or play a round or two of pool while you enjoy your food and brew. Or if you're one of those guys who like the buck hunting games or golf arcades, they have that for you too (though I've never seen someone play them).  There is more outdoor seating with plenty of t.v.'s so it's a great place to take in some sun and watch the game too.I love this place and its close to the top of places I'd choose to just grab a brew and enjoy being alive. I hope I don't see the day that crown isn't open any more.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,11/17/2010,133,246,9,11,10>I enjoy a good hotdog, and have always felt that most hot dogs qualify as "good" hotdogs.  I have been known to order a hotdog at sporting events, to pick one up at a 7-11, and grab one off a grill at a backyard event.  All of these to me have been good.  Now to be fair, I feel there is a difference between a "hotdog" and a "sausage".  While technically a hotdog would be considered a type of sausage, for simplicity I think of the two differently.  This is why I can say I have been to many gourmet sausage places, and have enjoyed some alot, and some not at all.  Still, even when those places sold what I consider more to be a "hotdog" they weren't quite as fancy as their "sausage" brethren.  That brings me to Man Bites Dog.  Attempted not because I WAS in a mood for a hotdog, but because I WASN'T in the mood for tacos and found myself at South Austin Trailer Park with friends hungry.  It was here that out of the corner of my eye I caught a few words that would change the perception of a hotdog for me forever.  It was "buffalo" and "hotdog" .  To me there are four types of "junk food" I will eat with no hesitation, they are:  chicken wings, hotdogs, pizza, and deep fried.  What Man Bites Dog attempted to do was lure me in with the old Carolina Double Cross, combining two of my favorites to dare me not to try it.  Buffalo wing sauce, blue cheese crumbles, and a hotdog all together! Then some fresh green onion for color all on a fresh bakery bun. It had the kick of a good buffalo sauce with strong rustic blue cheese crumbles pilled onto what turned out to be not just a well cooked dog, but a really good flavor and meaty dog.  This all came on a great big bun that had to be placed in a serving container because there was to much stuff to try and just eat it with your hands alone.   Eating it was delightful and educational, as I now know that a hotdog can indeed be made "fancy" and gourmet and stay delicious and entertaining.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/16/2010,324,543,8,16,14>This is a delightful spot for brunch on a weekend. Maybe my opinion is inflated by one too many so-so experiences at Kerbey Lane, which neighbors Russell's, but I'm amazed we didn't stop in here sooner, and I'm fairly certain we'll be back here before we bother with ol' KL again.Our breakfasts were note-perfect, starting with the eggs and going on down to the mimosa for me and his coffee. The menu sounds tasty from top to bottom; dinners seem to be a bit on the pricey side.Friendly service and cute-for-a-coffee-shop atmosphere. They might not hit the perfect note every time, but for us on the muggy, relaxed day we stopped in, it was juuust right. OK, one complaint: wobbly tables. Why is it that so many places have this issue?
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,11/15/2010,81,207,8,14,11>This is by far the best in the long laundry list of recent pop up - ready to go, healthy meal places in Austin.Plain and simple it's the combination of VARIETY, TASTE, and plenty of STOCKED OPTIONS. Without all 3, then well you get 4 or 3 stars at best.Some places stock a lot of variety, but the taste is very similar. Like the chicken in the wrap is the same tasting chicken in a chicken veggie stir fry bowl and chicken tacos. Boring.Some places have some good tasting dishes, but the variety is lacking OR there is barely anything to choose from. Lame.Snap Kitchen however has lots of variety and nothing tastes the same. Granted I haven't tried everything, but I got a total of 4 things: the Paleolithic Chicken (which I guess follows a caveman diet mentality), Vegatable lasagna (made completely of layers of veggies, no pasta, gluten free), a ginger chicken stir fry (amazingly flavorful, made with quinoa instead of rice), and a bison quinoa hash. Every entree exceeded my expectations. Packed with lots of flavor (not salt).I plan to make another trip back. The Ahi Sushi grade tuna nicoise salad and Vietnamese Flank steak lettuce wraps are next on my hit list. Kudos goes out to Living Social for offering a coupon deal to entice me into this little gem. Viva la Snap!
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,11/13/2010,231,205,7,13,14>Chilly days call for a XX chili potato and a Magnum. What? You've never had a Magnum? Double rum and Coke with half a lime squeezed into it. And the rum is probably from the bottom shelf. But it does the job, and does it well.I'm a fan of any place that can make it appear as though it is night in the middle of the day. It is dark in there. Real dark. The whole place glows with red light, TV screens, and neon signs. The wood on the tables and chairs is worn down to a smooth finish, etched with lovers' initials and dates. Yes, it's a bit dirty in the corners and there is some dust on the deer mounts on the walls, but it's as though time stopped lurching forward here at about 1976. Throw in some classic rock on the sound system, and the experience is complete. I feel quite at home here, and happy. Some places never change, and that is a very good thing.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,11/12/2010,224,413,10,9,9>I' m in love with Spider House and I'll tell you why. The most amazing thing happened to me their last night. A random man at the bar bought me a piece of chocolate cake.Not a drink, mind you, a piece of chocolate cake. It was good cake too. But it gets better. My fiance was at the bar ordering a sandwich that he had to wait at the bar to get. I came in but then had to hurry back outside because the dreamy & talented Jet Baker was starting his show out back.  So this guy at the bars who hears me talking about the cake, buys a slice and gives it to my fiance and says give this to your girlfriend. Wow! That made my night. I actually went back to look for the guy to thank him. OK I wanted to give him a kiss on the cheek, cause come on chocolate cake, and he was already gone. So Dude, who ever you are, if you are reading this , thank you, thank you, thank you. So Spider house, you and me are gonna be good friends. Oh yeah and no hipster gave me any funny looks. I'm so old I think they feel they should be nice to me.  Oh yeah and i also met a guy who was born in White Settlement Texas. Really, I can't make this stuff up, but it's true.,
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2009,11/11/2010,381,228,12,13,11>Dear Mighty Cone, Why did you insist on breaking our hearts? When you say you are open certain hours and then we show up with 15 minutes to spare, starving and drooling over the idea of a delicious cone do you say, oh we closed early because we haven't had a customer in 30 minutes. This is NOT COOL. If you didn't have just about the most mouth-watering chicken avocado wraps in the whole world, I would never forgive you for this. Since you do and are located in the best area, you can stay but please don't break my heart again.XOXO, Lundy
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,11/10/2010,571,42,14,14,17>My household suffers a long-standing habit of popping kernels on the stove then adding curry, oregano, cumin & whatever else peeps from the spice rack before consuming our beloved creation with gusto.Imagine my enthusiasm at discovering the ready-made Cajun popcorn at Cornucopia.Sure, we'll continue to make our own Frankernelsteins at home, but as an American, I sometimes prefer the combination of less work, more results.  & the selection available at Cornucopia overtly & abundantly provides.For the birth of the popcorn-lover in your life, get the Birthday flavor in a birthday tin (if the birth-person's tastes prefer salty to sweet, no worries: you can fill it with whichever flavor you'd like).  Bring a tin back to the store, & they'll fill it for half-price. Talk about the gift which keeps on giving!For the nature-loving popcorn-lover, consider the Green popcorn. Yes, its color is green.  Made with algae & all sorts of succulent body-friendly substances I can't pronounce, it's ravishingly delicious without the side dish of guilt.&, yeah, you can try both of these & many more before making any choices.  Quite the trial for indecisive eaters, the moment you walk in you're offered a small plastic cup. You may dip this small plastic cup into any of the many jars of labeled popcorn flavors on a tall bookshelf, many times over.Just to save you a few moments of incredulity: Yes, the Pizza presents the palate with pizza-comparability. Yes, the Loaded Baked Potato actually tastes meltingly good, minus the real meal's sensation of a trainwreck in your arteries. Yes, the rainbow-colored Confetti will make you feel like a child again.If you're giving an out-of-towner the Austin tour, start at this end of the Drag. Walk through the movie that is Austin people-watching while smacking through a bag of popped Cornucopia corn.Forget Austin; that popcorn deserves a Grammy.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,11/9/2010,288,258,8,17,18>You've heard the saying, "The face that launched a thousand ships."  Well, if faces were meals and ships were words, I'd say that the birthday meal I had here would easily be named the new Helen of Troy.  Every single bite from that meal was worthy of me singing its praises.  So noteworthy, in fact, that it knocked this Yelper right off her proverbial Yelper's block.From the Fried Okra, Tomatoes and Manchego and Fried Bacon (read: porkbelly!) Tartine we tried off the Blue Hour menu (runs from 5-7) to the three delicious entrees we ordered, all was de-lish!  What I like about this place is how they take ingredients that may not be familiar to most, like beef tongue, lamb's heart, and oxtails, and present them in a diner-friendly way.  I've tried all three of those items from Foreign & Domestic and thoroughly enjoyed every new bite.  And I'd gladly go back and let them wow me with something new again!PSThey win extra special points from me for combining two of my favorite desserts (blueberry pie and pistacchio ice cream) all on one plate.  It's like they knew it was my special birthday dinner and did it just for me!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,11/8/2010,255,164,9,14,17>No matter how far North I may live in Austin, my pharmacy of choice will always be this People's location.    I've been a customer since '99, and I guess I've always taken their great customer service for granted, until I recently tried a Walgreen's up in Round Rock because it was closer to work. Not that Walgreen's was particularly bad, it just couldn't compare.   At People's, they value you as a customer, and genuinely want to help you live a healthier life. Whether it be in the healthy food they serve, the holistic / alternative medicines they provide, or the pharmacists that make sure you know all about the prescription you're taking and the effects it may have on you.    The pharmacy counter staff are friendly and always make sure I'm taken care of. The front counter / food servers are equally friendly and helpful, and their baked goods are plentiful, tasty, and locally made.  Yes, People's will always be my favorite drug dealer in Austin.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,11/7/2010,100,112,12,13,12>T -- tastyO -- originalR -- roomyC -- creativeH -- helpfulY -- yelp-a-liciousS -- smileTasty:  I was more than pleased with their fried avocado taco.  Due to their excellent frying skills, the avocado kept its shape and was not greasy.  The pablano ranch that accompanied the taco was more than tasty -- a perfect match, with its cool ranch flavor and an added kick of heat!  This is one of the few places that actually seasons their beans, a nice surprise to my dinning partner and I.  We could see further tastiness behind the counter, where the employees were roasting tomatoes and peppers, mmm, talk about really bringing out the flavor.  Tasty; so tasty that my dinning partner claimed it was one of the best burritos he has had thus far.Original:  While in some ways, it looks like a Chipotle & Freebirds put together, Torchy's has it's own energy and flair.  They offer a decent variety of tacos, all of which can be customized.  I haven't come across this type of variety anywhere else.  This is a perfect example of the originality you find in Austin.Roomy:  Yes!  My little personal bubble remained in tact.  There is plenty of indoor and outdoor (with umbrella covered tables) seating.  Unlike other locations, there were plenty of tables, that weren't all scrunched together.  There was also a nice bench located near but out of the way of the ordering counter for individuals to wait on to-go orders.  Awesome job with this one Torchy's, now the to-go people don't take up tables for those dinning in, nor do they feel like they are standing in the way.Creative:  Their menu boasted of a nice variety of creative combinations.  Freebirds and Chipotle don't even come close to Torchy's creativity.  This creativity was also displayed through Torchy's wall art.  The wall by the sodas, was covered in brightly colored roses.  Another wall offered a nice plasma screen tv, with metal and rose covered wings.  Bright and super cool artwork, with different shapes and colors, hung from the center of the ceiling.  The multi-colored words on their menu was fun to read and added even more brightness to the area, and was actually helpful.Helpful:  The staff are very helpful.  Although my taco came in a corn tortilla (which was highlighted on the menu by being written in a different color than the other ingredients of the taco), the guy made sure I knew that it came on a corn and actually recommended that I do flour instead.  As a flour lover, I was more than happy to take his suggestion.  He was also helpful with describing and recommending which salsas/sauces work best for a particular order.  This place is so customer friendly, that they provided a take-home-your-leftovers area, equipped with all the necessities to pack up your food without having to fight for someone's attention behind the counter to bring you those materials.Yelpalicious:  For all the above reasons and more, Torchy's is totally yelpalicious.  It is a great Austin original, but this location in particular was the nicest I've been too.  The food -- awesome.  Prices -- affordable.  Definitely a place every Yelper should check out.Super:  When I left, I was showing off a nice smile.  I'm sure when you go, you will be smiling as well :)
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,11/6/2010,150,65,13,6,7>The bar is nice. I dig the outdoor scene. Great bartenders. But I feel completely geriatric here. Just chatted with a guy who reminded me of my boyfriend my freshman year in college. No wonder. He apparently just turned 21 two days ago. Great place if you're under 25 but whenever I come here I start doing the math and realizing I could have physically given birth to most of the people here. Makes me kind of want to go to the Poodle Dog, where I feel like a spring chicken.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,11/5/2010,60,50,3,6,7>Garth, the bartender, and Roxie, our server, were both super cool and accommodating. They were nice to me even when I was annoyed at myself for asking them for scissors that I had borrowed and returned two times already (just cut out all your temporary tats the first time you get the scissors). The ambiance is nice... I'm always a big fan of large patios with benches and the jukebox was fun to play with. Pub food is decent, beer was well-priced. Overall, a very good experience, though, the awesome group of people I was there with helped too.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,11/4/2010,485,555,37,19,26>There are steel cages. There are beautiful boys. These boys have showered within the last week. They probably showered and pampered right up to the minute they arrived here. They smell good. They will be in the girl's bathroom even though they don't have girl parts; they are not trying to see yours. They will dance with you in the steel cages.  They actually know how to dance. They will tell you that you are fabulous. They are not trying to get in your pants. They already passed on your girl parts in the bathroom. They are awesome. You will be awesome. An awesome sweaty mess. You wont even care. You will love the DJ. You will love the disco ball. You will love the glowing dance floor. You will love the whole freaking world. And you better work.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,11/3/2010,211,223,18,16,15>it started innocently enough.  it's a lazy sunday, the kids are both gone, and so we took a drive down to la boite for a little outdoor brunch.jack really liked his americano coffee.  i, not being a coffee person, opted for water.  what could be more innocent?la boite doesn't have a huge display case of pastries - but don't let that deter you in the least because apparently anything you choose will be the best (whatever) you've ever had.  we started off real slow and proper:ham and cheese croissantalmond croissantpain chocolate"would you like them warmed?" the cute and friendly server asked.  jack's eyes gave her the answer.   warm em up.all were fantastic, perfectly flaky and buttery and exquisitely delicious - like so perfectly buttery that you don't even realize just how buttery until you look at your napkin after you are done eating.  and so exquisitely delicious that the sight of your slightly soiled napkin does not bother you in the least.as we were sitting there, someone pulled up with trays to replenish the pastry offerings.  this is where things started to get out of hand.  i mean, what's the harm in getting up and heading back to the counter to take a peek, in case anything new showed up that should not be missed?for us, the harm was quantifiable:one petite pain with bacon, arugula, and roasted tomatoone caramel macaronone fleur de sel macaronone st germain macaronone brioche chocolat"to go", if you please, because we would "save them for later" seeing as how we had just inhaled three pastries already.i am proud to report that our five new friends did make it the whole car ride home without being consumed.  but jack drove really fast.  i think he at least set the keys down before diving into the petite pan.  the caramel macaron was our next victim. though we've walked away from the kitchen for now, i don't give the others much time at all.everything is wonderful at la boite!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,11/2/2010,724,628,10,23,22>It's tough to stand out when you're a taco trailer in a city so teeming with taco trailers, but on their second day of business, La Fantabulous was holding its own.  Breakfast tacos ring in at a mere 99 cents and include your choice of any two ingredients on a flour tortilla; in addition to the usual suspects (eggs, cheese, bacon, chorizo), they also have nopales, portobello mushrooms, beef fajita, avocado, and black beans.  They will not win any Largest Taco contests, but my portobello & avocado taco was freshly grilled, chock full o' flavor, and a steal at 99 cents.I also tried a pescado taco off the lunch menu ($3) - pan-fried snapper topped with grilled onions, generous slices of avocado, and queso fresco, served with a wedge of lime.  Again, the taco was small, but what it lacked in size it made up for in flavor, and there was a complexity present that I'm not used to finding in the land of trailer tacos.  The corn tortilla had obviously been acquainted with the grill - just enough to lend it a subtle crunch around the edges, but not so much as to make it dry or brittle.  And the ingredients nestled inside were fresh, hot, and delicious.  Although nothing about this experience was fancy, the pescado taco would have been right at home cuddled up on a plate with rice and beans in someplace like Garrido's.  Instead, I paid just $4 for two tacos, got to enjoy them with Tara M. and our respective furry kids at a shaded picnic table, and had a sno cone from another trailer in the same lot for dessert.  On earth, as it is in Austin.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,11/1/2010,495,689,27,34,34>Well, I can't think of a reason why Pablito's isn't as good as it gets: It's apparently a family affair, a small immaculate shop with two huge glass display cases overflowing with colorful Mexican pastries, and they had the best tostada I've ever eaten. I probably should have prefaced this by telling you I know nothing about Mexican pastry or tostadas, but I might start coming here just to take lessons. This was also the first bacon-and-egg breakfast taco I've had that was served to me piping-hot -- I'm not talking warm or tepid or slightly feverish, I'm talking "if this is wrong, I don't want to be right" kind of piping-hot. What a difference that makes. They also have some kind of verde sauce in a squeeze bottle obviously designed to kick gringo ass, or at least mine, and it did. The taco, tostada, coffee, and a croissant-like custard-filled "horn-o'-plenty" thing (cornet?) totaled just under $6 -- a lot of food for little money. Finally, I left here thinking a torta vs. bánh mì smackdown would be something I'd pay money to attend, as long as I got to try some of the smacking. Their world of torta is actually the next thing I want to dive into, along with a different Mexican pastry every couple of days or so. Oh, c'mon, we all have to have something to look forward to for the rest of the year.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,10/31/2010,112,301,8,12,12>This beautiful park is where my Urban Animal boot camp class meets three times a week.  It's nice to be out exercising in the fresh air and sunshine, and in such a gorgeous setting, too.  Usually, there is a pleasant breeze blowing off Town Lake.Butler Park, both pretty and functional, is our outdoor gym.  The big hill, lamp posts, benches, trees... everything here does double duty as counter weights, step stools, markers, etc. during our workouts. And then there are the real urban animals to look forward to.  There are always turtles walking to and from the lovely pond.  Last week, two mama turtles were laying their eggs just off the main path.  Once, I dropped to the ground for a push-up and came face to face with a teensy weensy baby turtle, all covered in mud.  Another time, I jogged over a small hole in the ground, doubled back, looked in it and saw a snake's head and eye looking back at me!  There are lots of birds and butterflies around, too.Free parking is available on lots off Riverside Drive as well as off Barton Springs Road.  And the Butler Park restrooms are awesome, just about the cleanest of all the Austin parks!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,10/30/2010,184,302,8,14,13>Mmmmmmmmmm, oh lord yes.  Unpretentious and close to the house, this little gem of a place serves up authentic Cajun grub, consistently delicious.Now let's be real - I'm not Cajun, I'm a vanilla white Episcopal raised in the concrete jungle of a New England city.  You want to talk pizza or greek food, I'm your man.  But Cajun is something I only experienced once I moved to Texas nigh on 20 years ago.I've done the Pappadeux's thing - it's fine, but too corporate and ultimately I would end up getting the same thing every time, so it got boring.I've tried three things so far at Sambet's and all of them were great.  The Red Beans and Rice, a Cajun staple from which all purveyors can be measured, were creamy, flavorful and had big chunks of Andouille sausage, a complete home run.The Veggie Muffaletta was kind of like "muffaletta meets grilled cheese", and it was fabulous.My favorite though, was the Boudin.  Moist and full of flavor, a hint of hot but not overpowering, and stuffed into a soft roll with lightly dressed salad - man oh man I was in heaven.This is not a light meal, however, so be forewarned.  Regular consumption of this cuisine has the potential to transform even the most serious ectomorph into a tub of mesomorphian goo.  Best to keep Sambet's as the occasional treat, perhaps as the go to place for a post-drunk carb fest.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,10/29/2010,38,44,19,11,12>You know when so-called-non-smokers smoke? But refuse to call themselves smokers?  Those people ARE smokers.  Smokers deep in the denial stage of their addiction.   Apparently, I am in the denial stage of my new addiction - to Yoga Vida.  For the past several years, I've reminded people, "I don't like yoga" again and again.  But a few weeks ago, I was invited by people I REALLY REALLY liked (think Sally Field) to attend Yoga.  To be honest, I faked a yogiasm because I wanted to groom some friendships with some very cool therapists.  I'm pretty certain that Yoga Vida, and the instructor Vic, must have laced the yoga mats with Crack before class because I am quickly becoming a regular participant in Vic's  90 minute Sunday hot yoga class.Perhaps it's Vic's soothing voice and perfect sense of humor.Perhaps it's because I like the heat and easy poses.Perhaps it's because I like to put my $10 donation into the big glass jar for the Capitol Food Bank collection.(I think it's those Crack-Mats.)I'm even trying to get my co-workers hooked!Try it - you'll like it.Just one downward dog.Try it.I double-downward-dog dare you.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/28/2010,239,180,33,10,13>What's up, Best-Coffee-In-Town?Not a whole lot, Most-Delicious-Cream-Puff-Ever.How's it hangin', Antipasti-That-I-Wanna-Rub-All-Over-Mah'self?Pretty good, pretty good, Beets-That-I-Have-Dreams-About.Okay, well, you take it easy, Chocolate-Caramel-Peanut-Tart-I'm-Gonna-Have-­Babies-With.You too, Eggplant-Caponata-Afternoon-Delight!Sky.  Rockets.  In.  Flight.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,10/27/2010,257,292,14,14,16>My friend just got a job with my company, so I took her out to lunch to celebrate. I'd already purchased lunch before, but when I went to the kitchen to get ketchup for my curly fries, I returned to see my dog feasting away on my big beef and cheddar. BLERG TO THE MAX. I got some fries out of the deal, but that son of a bitch stole my sandwich. Back to the pertinent story: walking in, I was very intrigued. I wanted to browse the shop first, but the delightful woman at the counter beckoned us over. I ordered the  rotisserie chicken plate and my friend ordered the beef schawarma plate. "No," the woman said. My friend started with "Oh, okay. um.... I guess I can get...." when the woman cut her off and said "Okay, fine. Beef." She next sold us on the custard. "It's 99¢ today, but next week? $99.00!" SOLD. I paid for us, and as I was writing down the tip, the woman asked "What is your favorite number today?" I decided on the number four. "SIXTY SIX IT IS!" This woman is truly a great salesperson if there ever was one. The food was delicious; the chicken was tender, the hummus was very flavorful, and the rice was topped with pine nuts. The custard tasted of honey and was very nice. I'll definitely be back. Even if it's just to see my new favorite person in town.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,10/26/2010,989,456,28,24,32>IIt's going to be hard to hide my bias in favor of this establishment, but I'll try and explain exactly how I came to know and love my favorite bar in the world, Charlie's Austin.Gay bars are a funny thing. They're hard to rate because so many elements are at work. You have quality of drinks, quality of bartenders, price, atmosphere, general attitude, shows/contests, etc. What works for one queen could be hell on earth for another. For this queen, it all comes together at Charlie's.I first stepped into Charlie's five or six years ago, newly out and scouting the Austin scene. In the early 2000's (and I'm guessing some time before then), Charlie's had the reputation of being a way different animal than the 4th St. bars. Basically, if you were wearing Roberto Cavalli snakeskin  jeans and were doused in body glitter, you were going to be walking into a much more grounded atmosphere, and you would want to flit away. Not being one to listen to other people's word of mouth, I went anyway.What I discovered was the equivalent of a friendly neighborhood bar nestled right next to the Texas State Capitol and the patrons were immensely welcoming. My first thoughts were also that it's a little rough around the edges physically (although extensive renovation took care of that), but the atmosphere more than made up for this. It's still the only gay bar, here in 2011, that I feel comfortable going  to alone, mostly because I know not more than 5 minutes will pass before I find an old friend or new acquaintence with whim I can strike up a conversation. I never have to worry about being judged or dressed down by any pissy patrons heathering in a corner somewhere (you know the type I'm talking about). As an I-only-smoke-when-I-drink kinda smoker, 95% of my time at Charlie's is spent on the outdoor patio and bar, which has a dynamic all of its own completely independent of the inside. Not that the inside isn't fun, too, with a main bar, back bar, and a DJ booth. Charlie's is also a great place for me to bring my straight friends, because they have pool tables, cheap beer, and the customers are polite and won't attack the straight boys. It's a great place to go watch a football game, meet a friend for a drink, etc...all the things you'd expect from your neighborhood bar, except we can do it in a gay-friendly environment.There's no shortage of food here, either. Boasting a full kitchen, Tuesday night steak night is a highly popular event where you can get a bacon wrapped filet or chicken with all the sides for just $6. I'm usually one to eschew bar food, but I make a major exception for Charlie's. They usually have dick dancers inside who are perfect for corralling if you want to laugh at a friend as they nervously tip them in their G-strings. It's even more amusing if it's a first-timer.I've spent countless nights and way too much money at this place, but it's my Gay Cheers. I've had dates that ended very well here. I've made mortal enemies and become good friends with people in the span of an hour. I've celebrated every major holiday and watched every major awards show at this bar at some point. I've witnessed bacherlorette parties, toasted champagne on my birthday, and even caught Obama's historic 2008 election win, where we all did a shot for history. Not every place can work for every person, but Charlie's certainly works for me
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,10/25/2010,309,45,28,14,13>IT'S TERRIBLE....how much I don't want anymore of you to go here, so I can hoard this place all for myself.  I CAN'T BELIEVE WHY YOU'D EVER GO...unless you like having good French food.  STAY AWAY!!! and do me a real favor, because I feel like never having to wait to get in here, and you might be that table that'd make me wait.  I will frown at you fervently.   DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE...well, ok, you can, it's good.  Prix fixe is now $26.50, but otherwise, still awesome.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,10/24/2010,124,118,14,14,18>I tried Justine's with a friend on a Saturday about 12:30 a.m. and, while not everything on the menu was still available (creme brulee, mostly), we shared a succulent duck con fit, rib eye, and a nice bottle of wine. Its location is, at first, off putting, but once inside, the ambient lighting, fabulous menu and an adventurous late night crowd seemed even more special because you kind of feel like you're visiting a secret place. In a way (and this is a compliment by the way) walking inside this great restaurant in what seems like the middle of nowhere reminds me of what Luke must have experienced when he crossed the threshold of the Tattooine while he and Obi Wan looked for Han Solo. The sights of all of those interesting and unusual creatures mingling and having a good time to young Luke would have been exhilarating. That's what it was like for me, only the people here are not aliens or astronauts. It may feel differently while dining at different times - but I don't want to find out. 12:30 on a Saturday, we walked right in, were directed to a dimly lit corner table for two and blended right in with the rest of the late-night patrons.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,10/23/2010,215,283,12,11,13>I shall not compromise in this. Well, except Blue Star closed after 3pm.  Oh well.  I lied.Rorschach's Journal: 00h:00m:10sStarving after fiasco at Music Lab. Query: how to play drums without cymbal stands?  Lurched across Blue Star parking lot.Rorschach's Journal: 00:32m:14s"Your bill for the fish of the day, anticuchos de codorniz tejano (grilled quail skewers with huacatay-aji amarillo sauce), and a coke, will be $3.25."Huh? Still soft opening and preview menu. Food FREE??Rorschach's Journal: 01h:22m:30sIngested Tacos de Barbacoa. Ingested Guasacaca (guacamole, corn arepas, chifles).  Ingested half of stellar Frozen Caipirinha (Brazil's national cocktail, made with cachaça, sugar and lime). Partially ingested watery La Luz Sangria.  Texted 42 friends suggesting free food co-inhalation. She ingests other half Caipirinha.  Silk Spectre, unaware she is Silk Spectre, at 11 o'clock.  Positive she is Laurie Juspeczyk .  Note: hit on only after finishing second beverage.Rorschach's Journal: 02h:43m:12sBelt Buckle eyes me from door. Was offered Swedish love and French love...but not American love. American love; like Coke in green glass bottles...they don't make it anymore.  Couch in lounge area comfier. Drunken stupor in progress. Ms. O enters with cohort.Rorschach's Journal: 02h:46m:17sLorena bleeding. Plate fragments stuck to bare foot, ceiling, cohort, server.  Busboy administers first aid..  Apologies, more buzz, cackling.Rorschach's Journal: 03h:20m:01sForgiven for mishap that made Lo bleed. Tell story of first meeting Jaime and bee incident; how name is on plaque at Subway, Ann Arbor, for making 200+ subs in one hour.Rorschach's Journal: 04h:02m:10sOblivion gallops closer, favoring the spur, sparing the rein. I think we will be gone soon.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,10/22/2010,164,201,14,12,14>i did almost everything keri b. said not to do. i was starving hungry. i wore white. and i tried to be productive after. fail on all accounts. i should've taken notes!noodles are cooked to perfection. not too chewy and not too fall apart-y. nothing that hasn't been said about this place. green onion pancake outshines the leek pie in my opinion. the former is light, flaky and fried juust right. completely different from any other green onion pie i've ever had where it's thick and heavy.mr. chen's a busy man and it seems like he could use a lil bit of help around the kitchen! taking the orders, payment, and making the food. that's tough to do when everyone's hungry. soo... 20 min wait for the food? yeah that's a bit much. worth it? fo sho.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,10/21/2010,172,220,8,10,11>Driving downtown, I got a faint smell of smokey goodness. Made me think of barbecue. Made me think of Chris's review. Made me go to Franklin.I guess I got there too late (Maybe it was 1pm). They were already out of ribs and pulled pork. I guess the beef gods were smiling on me that day, cause there was plenty of fatty brisket left over for me. Slap some of that, some sausage, potato salad and some slaw in a to go container, and I'm good to go. Yeah, the line was long but the owners are sweet hearts and the food is SO worth it.On my way back to work, I couldn't wait. I popped open that to go box and grabbed a piece of brisket. Top layer was super moist, salty, and above all else, delicious.The sausage is a little greasy, but good. Sides were good. My Topo Chico was awesome.I'll be back. I'll bring friends.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,10/20/2010,141,127,25,13,16>So I was in need of a substance that looked like crack for the favors to be given out at my fake wedding...(Bet a Yelp review has never started with that sentence before.)Anyways, I was in need of a crack-like substance.  After a google search to see what crack actually looked like (yeah, I'm a WASP, deal with it) an idea struck: "that looks a bit like rock candy, I declared!"So we headed to Big Top who have old-fashioned rock candy in every color imaginable.  And we found that the orange and clear combined together gave a very nice crack-like coloring.  Even better, the staff was more than helpful in ideas to make it look more crack-like.  And it was pretty cheap, too!Everything else in the store is cool too, though the five stars in this case is really just for helping me with my crackscapades.  :-)
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,10/19/2010,168,161,27,18,18>My boss loves this place, so our team eats here ALL THE TIME.Vietnamese is my favorite Asian food (personal favorite: Tam Deli), but the trouble with Burger King after the third visit, or any other place after the 20th, is that you get tuned into the universal taste common to all of the dishes, you can't shake it, and it's all the same from there on out. I can still taste Whoppers in my sleep from when they were $1 in high school, and I can taste Pho Saigon now. Help me!I've had everything on the menu to slow my descent into insanity, so here are some nooks and crannies you may have missed if you've been there only, say, 11 times.1. THERE'S BLOOD SOUP. Bottom right corner, "special hue soup". The menu doesn't come out and say there's blood in it: that's what you needed me for. Impress your friends with the dark. soft. cubes of coagulated blood.2. THERE'S STANK. If you're white like me and order either of the "bac lieu style" soups (seafood or pork), the server will wrinkle their nose, shake their head, and wave their hand under their nose trying to dissuade you from ordering it, explaining "very strong smell". You're can't back down from that, can you? It's not bad, but they're not misleading you: it is highly fishy.3. THERE'S FROZEN JELLY SHIT. In the desert section, get the excellent and interesting coconut milk jelly tapioca desert. Get the frozen bean deserts, too. You don't need the fresh lemon soda, it's not all that great.4. THERE'S DURIAN. The King of Fruits always livens things up, and the durian smoothie has that creamy yogurt-custard taste with a hint of onion and cadaver you've been craving.5. THERE'S PORK SKIN. Little piles of limp, soft, pale shredded skin. Actually, don't get this. Stick to the blood, the stank, the frozen jelly shit, and the durian.If I don't order one of these items, I get the vermicelli bowl with char-grilled shrimp, the steamed rice platter with a pork chop, or some kind of pho with meatballs, since I like rubbery textures. The rice plates with broiled sliced beef or pork are delicious, but too greasy for my taste, and the chicken too boring. I've had the pho plenty of times, and it's fine, but not the transformational, anise-perfumed ox-ass experience pho-fiending women crave. That's at Vietnam Coast in Houston.Service is great and the food comes out quickly. Giving the fourth star for consistency: good job, Pho Saigon staff.Pho Saigon's pretty good. See you there.Edit: today it seemed like everyone around us had 1-2 fried eggs on their plates and I wondered whether I'd gone nuts. I actually flagged a guy down and had him point out on the menu the entree served to a lady nearby, which I'd had (bare of egg) a dozen times. Before I melted down, we established that on the "side items" list at left, there's a fried egg for $1. Add it to everything! Go wild!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,10/18/2010,368,209,5,13,13>Potatoes on a pizza? Yessss, puh-lease! After sampling several "house" flavors, I would have to say that House Pizzeria's Potato and Goat Cheese pizza is my new favorite. Of course, I'm a sucker for anything that includes rosemary - and there is plenty of rosemary on this pizza. I also like the Subterranean, loaded with sweet caramelized onions, mushrooms, and, yes, more potatoes, among other things. The Margherita was just so-so - really needs more seasoning. I didn't try the meatball pizza (not on the regular menu), but I didn't try it. 10/18/10 NOTE: not sure what I was trying to say there with that double negative.The restaurant itself is not what you'd expect from a former KFC (I don't even remember it being a KFC, but that's what I've been told). It's very clean and contemporary.  I also like the "feels-like-you're-almost-outdoors" extra dining area.  The staff is friendly and, considering we had seven different pizzas at our table during lunch time, the service was pretty fast. They do sell beer and wine, but since this was a work lunch break, bottles of water to share -- served in what looks like a large German beer bottle -- was just fine.  House Pizzeria also gets a green thumbs up for several environmentally friendly touches (I never knew a commode with two levels of flushing existed). Sorry to mention commode and pizza in the same review, but the restroom usually has the last word in whether a place gets that extra star.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/17/2010,310,185,8,12,13>I still like this place.  I'm a sucker for fresh Oysters, and their raw bar does not disappoint.  The menu runs the gamut, but there is always something interesting.  Last time in I tried a small assorted raw plate and a lamb duo dish.  Both were tasty and creatively prepared.  The vibe here works too--nice without being snooty.The fried donut hole dessert is just right as well.  The chef here has great credentials (Jean-Luc's Bistro), and this new concept is also working, if a bit on the expensive side.Delicious food, a nice atmosphere, and served with flair though--I'm still coming back.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2010,10/16/2010,111,114,10,9,9>I love the idea.  The feel of a back porch, washers, good beer, some live music...should feel just like Austin, huh?  And yet, somehow it didn't.  It felt pretty commercial and "chainy."  I'm not as into that.Don't get me wrong.  Guacomole = great.  Smoked Briskit Tacos = sad I forgot the leftovers in Emily B.'s car.  But service felt like a chain restaurant....as though the back house would be an Austin version of the movie "Waiting." Our dude was kind of hilarious with forgetting orders, being casually responsive when we waved him down, and just overall a poor waiter in an almost endearing way.  And the fans were a bit much for the not so hot evening.  Every two seconds I got a blast of hair and cheek inflation which made eating very difficult.  View is FANTASTIC.  Definately great spot to enjoy a beer....and they had Abita!  Word to the wise for ladies out there...no short skirts if you plan on eating upstairs....dudes playing washers get a view of all underpinnings.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,10/15/2010,150,124,13,12,14>Yelpers have long debated the infamous "morning after" cure. Well, I'm here to tell ya, that Curra's Pappas may in fact, be the holy grail for which ye seek (aka: Mexican equivalent of chili cheese fries.) French fried potatoes smothered in chorizo, chipolte sauce and jack cheese. Looked like they'd been set under the broiler for a few minutes to crisp up the top. Those with portion control issues, heed warning: Go ahead, unbutton your pants. They're worth it!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,10/14/2010,188,425,8,11,9>I'm ashamed to admit it, but I have never been to Mi Madre's.  Oh yes, I've heard good things about their breakfast tacos, but never made the trip over to Manor.  Finally we made the move - Sunday brunch.  If you follow them on Twitter, @mimadres, they post really good information about taco specials and other good things you want to know about.  I saw the post on Sunday - Mexican eggs Benedict was the special of the day.  I wasn't sure what was in it, but it sounded delightful.  We start off with Ruta Maya coffee and horchata.  Oh it was so good!  The coconut milk and cinnamon stick was a pleasant addition to the usual chunky mess I have tasted at other locales.  No complaints on the chips and salsa.  I really enjoyed the consistency of the salsa, not too dense but not runny - just the perfect amount of kick for a Sunday AM.Our Mexican eggs Benedict arrives and it's quite the site to behold (you can oooh and aaaah at the picture.)  A combination of a poached egg, atop ham, diced tomatoes, avocado slices and a corn tortilla on the bottom covered in queso.  Served with a cup of black beans, this breakfast was scrumptious!!  The service was excellent, never an empty glass or barren chip basket.  I'm already crushing on this place and I haven't even tried the tacos.  XOXO
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,10/13/2010,141,179,21,12,14>Renovation is over! And now:Chinquapin oaks in the parking lot to hugA bigger covered patio areaA cute lap-top friendly perch for Guadelupe Street watchingWider aislesA bigger yet more compact bulk sectionMore produce!A whole "cheese island"Increased local grass fed meats selectionsWider variety of chemical-free home and beauty productsAnd yet, Wheatsville remains a real place. Personal. I hug my produce buyer whenever I see him. People still know me by name. I love that kind of real connection and personal attention. Except for when it's embarrassing. Like when your basket consists of wine, condoms, chocolate and rolling papers.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,10/12/2010,474,618,11,17,16>Apothecary is a super charming wine bar. I walked in here on a Friday night, grumpy after a long week and generally in a bad mood. When we arrived, all the tables were full and it was kind of loud, so I was determined that my bad attitude and I were going to hate this place. The staff could not have been nicer and more accommodating. They poured us a glass of wine while we waited, and when I walked over to look at the dessert case, one of the waiters popped up with a complimentary red velvet cupcake. He told me. "I heard you are drinking Malbec. You must have a red velvet cupcake to go with it."Ok, twist my arm, maybe my grumpy mood just improved a little . . .As we stood with our glasses of wine, another waiter came up to us, and told us a table had just opened and they were cleaning it off for us.Ok, so maybe I kind of like you guys . . .We ordered another round of wine and a cheese plate which they were more than happy to alter for me since I'm not a fan of the blue cheese. Attentive, friendly staff in a charming little wine bar, who could ask for more?I walked in grumpy and left totally happy and relaxed!
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,10/11/2010,4221,482,8,16,13>Back up to 5 stars!  Everything on their salsa bar this night was extremely fresh, including the cukes.  That green salsa is so damn good I emptied out my 16oz water cup and filled it up to take home (a little trick my momma taught me) - - those little cups just aren't sufficient enough to hold all of that goodness. The service was great today, always too many of them there but they were all very attentive.  The great thing about that is everyone pitches in to help any customer out - - none of that "this isn't my section" or "you didn't order from me" attitude.  You can ask anyone for help and they will respond.  Place was packed on a Saturday night too - - always a good sign.  I got a chicken taco and al pastor taco (on flour) - - both were superb.  Bill = $3 even, + $1 tip + all the cukes + radishes (wtf?) your heart desires.  That's just so kewl.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,10/9/2010,232,273,10,13,14>Ok, let's summarize what everyone else has already said.1. Cool old red English tour buss2.  Chalk to write on the bus entertains kids of all ages for hours3.  Great covered tables to keep the sun off while you eat.4.  Free WYFI5.  4 flavors: vanilla, chocolate, twist, and rotating flavor of the week.6.  Short cake cone or cup.7.  Homemade toppings like strawberry syrup, chocolate, whip cream, nuts, and lots of candy.8. Cheap $2.50 for a small. Alright now for the part that personalized my great experience aside from the amazing frozen custard was the kind professional owner. After he made my cone and handed it to me while I gave him my cash. Impulsive me asked him if he could dip my cone in chocolate since it was only 50 cents more and as he kindly respond with a yes mame, he added, "let me just wash my hands first! Wow, it impressed me that he cared about his hygiene and my sanitary benefits after handling my money to take the extra 30 seconds to wash his hands before grabbing my cone to dip in chocolate. I know it's sad that this left the biggest impression on me but too often people get laxed and forget about health codes when there is a line of people waiting to order. That gets 5 stars in my book alone! The frozen custard just happens to be the bonus. I'm coming back mucho mas tiempos this summer!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,10/8/2010,739,709,22,20,18>I'm glad I put up with my hubby for 21 years so we could have a first date anniversary here last nite.  Seriously.  It's that good.  It's a faaaa...aaaaar cry from our first date meal of pork chops and mashed taters.  We've come a long way, baby!  All that was missing was a showing of "Bull Durham", which is a perfect first date movie if you intend on getting laid that nite.  Kevin Costner and Susan Sarandon sloshing around in a tub???  Foreplay.Nope, instead we had just our fun selves to entertain us last nite.  And the food.  I had wisely bought the livingsocial.com deal of half off the 3 course tasting menu (normally $40 each), so all we had to pay for was our wine and tip.  The menu has two options per course and we decided we'd just get one of each so we can try everything.  After 21 yrs we've got this teamwork thing down!  The menu also offers a wine pairing option but once I settled on the chill, refreshing Torrontes, I had no desire to try anything else.  For apps, we had a green salad with tart tomatillos and lobster bisque, and I have to agree with Ms KK about there not being near enough lobster in the bowl.  Altho the broth was most lobstery tasting, one tiny morsel of succulent flesh won't do.  It'll only arouse my appetite without beddin her down, as Everett Ulysses Mcgill would say.  Hubby also could not pass up on ordering the wild boar enchiladas which were extra but so worth it.  They are covered in a mole sauce from some Mexican region the chef hailed from.  His grandmother's recipe according to the waiter.  And here, I just want to also say how great Tim, our waiter, was.  He presented each dish like a work of art, explaining the sauces and gave us some insight on the interestingly shaped dishes we were served from.  He really knew his stuffing!Anyhoo, at this point we were presented with an amuse bouche:  a "shot" of chilled juice, containing guava (?) and coconut and chile powder.  As Tim explained, it's called a shot and served in a precious little shot glass, but we shouldn't treat it as such.  Hubby, who after 21 yrs has still NOT perfected the art of listening, downed it in one gulp.  Sigh. Twenty-one years.  I, on the other hand savored it and discerned every refreshing flavor, including the spicy kick of pepper at the end.  For our entrees, I had the pecan crusted snapper and hubby got the pecan smoked venison (I'm saddened for those who are allergic to nuts!).  Both dishes were superb.  The snapper's crust was crunchy and flavored well and the filet sat on a bed of yummy corn pudding.  Hubby's venison was super tender and smoky in flavor, not at all resembling the gamey, dry deer meat my dad foisted on us as children.**  Finally, for desert I had the flambeed berries on ice cream (served in a martini glass) and hubby got the chocolate mousse with "legs of fudge" (meaning apparantly that the fudge was on the bottom of the glass and also dribbled up the sides.  Who wouldn't want legs of fudge??  Probably wouldn't do too well in this climate but even so, I don't think my legs of fudge would make it to summer.  I'd learn some yoga fast, get bendy, and eat my knees!).  Both deserts were super rich, but my only disappointment for the evening was the flambeed berries just had an overall strong taste of orange zest and orange liquer, completely overpowering any other flavors.  I assume that's what they fire em up with, but wish they could tone that down a bit.  I'd rather just have plain fresh berries with the s'cream then.  The food along with the beautiful ranch house ambiance and including the royal treatment service made for a very fine romantic dinner.  Go meet someone and check this place out in 21 yrs.  I'm sure it'll still be there.**I took Dad here many yrs ago, very excited to see what he'd order as he prides himself on eating anything and everything, subjecting us kids to venison, rabbit, dove, and even squirrel (not to mention sardines, pickled pigs feet, and hogs-head cheese) during our formative eating years.  What would he choose amongst the venison, elk, ostrich, kangaroo or rattlesnake on their menu???  An effin steak.  That's what.  Dad, I'm so disappointed in you.**
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,10/7/2010,76,280,11,14,13>I missed  everything after trapezoid.. not the phrase I was expecting to say when the dessert guy walked away last night. Those desserts, they were.. complex. In a good way. The four of us shared the sweet corn sorbet and the fried milk.. and 18 hours later I'm still at a loss for the best way to describe them. Experimental without a doubt. Creative also. The dessert guy was at our table for several minutes describing the intricate details of each, as well as the recommended approach to enjoying each individual component. That was when the word trapezoid came up. Of course I'd heard it before, I knew what it was, but I don't know, I just wasn't expecting to hear it at that particular moment. So I missed everything he said afterward. Geometrically challenged, I think someone judged me later..But enough about dessert.. Everything we tried was excellent, truly excellent, from the edamame and roasted golden beets to the individual sushi pieces like the hira masa (australian yellow tail, jalapeño, ponzu) and nasu (japanese eggplant, sumiso), to the p-38 and crunchy tuna sushi rolls (they were actually out of alba core tuna it normally comes with, but they graciously substituted big eye). From the makimono section, I highly recommend the Arcade sushi roll (heir loom tomato, salmon, hydro ponic greens, rice paper). That's the one I'm still thinking about. Man.. taste explosion.  I don't consider myself a big fan of sushi, but what I realized at Uchiko tonight is that I must have been going to wrong places.. Oh, and I know it says dressy, and some people were somewhat dressed up, but mostly it's Austin casual - jeans definitely ok.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,10/6/2010,354,138,6,13,10>There are some mixed reviews for this place, and I was pleasantly surprised that I didn't hate what I got to eat here.  In fact it was just the opposite.I have eaten at many mexican food places in my 40 years, but mostly I've eaten my mother's cooking.  Her recipes are some interior and mostly texian which is a combination of ranch food, and spanish with early mexican influence, nothing fancy.  I discovered that there is no substitution for some traditional ingredients, lard, I'm looking at you.  Lard made his way into my refried beans and the result was the creamiest frijoles refritos I've had since my mother's cooking in its heyday.  Their rice is amazing, it has a light and fluffy texture, and is slightly limey.  This is not tex-mex, so I'm sure that some of the reviewers are comparing apples to oranges when they reviewed this place, but I will give them the benefit of a doubt and presume they were here on a bad night.The beef tacos were inspired.  They are made with a melt-in-your mouth steak that is lightly seasoned.  The tacos are tied with a cooked green onion that I quickly gobbled up and the tortillas were made fresh on site.  There was no mistaking those tortillas.This place will see me again very soon.  I gave them a five star review for ambiance, decor, service and sabor!  Forgive them the fact they are located in a mall and give them a try.  If you do find yourself hungry at Lakeline mall, consider yourself lucky to have a such a delicious option for interior mexican food located conveniently at their main entrance.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,10/5/2010,467,441,12,17,15>So, something like 85% of women wear the wrong bra size and, according to the lady at Victoria's Secret, we're supposed to get measured about every six months. Well, it'd been A LOT longer than that for me so, thanks to y'all's reviews, I headed to Petticoat Fair.I didn't have to sign the list because it was the middle of the day, I was greeted and escorted to a fitting room immediately. The lady helping me was very abrupt (maybe because I was wearing my AC/DC tshirt?), quickly measuring my girls and scampering off to grab what she thought would be good for me. She didn't really completely listen to my concerns/needs, didn't even tell me my size... I had to look at the bras she brought me for that. Yes, I'd been wearing the wrong size. I wasn't completely surprised, but a little.After all of this, she was very helpful, though. I tried one on, she suggested that, perhaps it wasn't the right style and that I should try on a second one... which I ended up agreeing with her and actually buying. I anticipated it being slightly pricey, which it was... but just a little bit more than I'd expected to spend (we're talking less than $10, so I bought anyway).The cashier was friendly, giving me washing instructions and even a little sample of gentle detergent. I didn't have a whole lot of time to peruse the store, but it seems like a classy, actual lingerie shop without all the bells and whistles (or the sex toys!).I'm going to have to go back and get the same bra in black.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,10/4/2010,162,97,20,17,15>Top 5 food experiences of my lifeI wish I had something more comical to say, something about how i would sell bodypart X and make love to ugly celebrity chef Y at the same time if it meant eating at Uchi whenever I wanted, but sadly its not quite in me.What is not to love about this place? Mind blowing foodAtmosphereFriendly and great serviceSexual fantasy eliciting foodSuper soft towels in the bathroomDid I say the food was good?I went with my rents and took full advantage of them stepping outside their culinary boxes (and wallets) and proceeded to drag them kicking and screaming down a path of food enlightenment.Our waitress was spot on and I asked for a plethora of reccomendations as anyone who works at a restraunt is likely to know what items will shatter your foodie core, and what ones are best elft to get shanked behind a Burger King.We were ultimately directed to the following:Chef selecion sushiTako popsFried pumpkinCuttlefishsasami yaki (chicken breast)8 glasses of happy hour sake (hot and cold)Uchi saladsWalu Walu (escolar)Hot rock (sear yourself wagu beef)Oh I almost forgotPeanut butter semi freddoLemon gelatoJizake creameEverything was god damn amazing.From the rich and full flavor of the hot rock to the completely mind blowing chicken (seriously!?), the escolar that made me close my eyes, and the chef sushi selection that was, bar none, the best sushi my mouth has ever tasted.We laughed, we cried, we had a theater style performance of a meal that could only be compared to when Mel Gibson screamed,"FRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEAAAADOOOOOOOOMMMM"During Braveheart. It was that fucking amazing.My parents now lovingly refer to Uchi as,Uchi goochiand it sort of has a great ring to it.I will always love you Uchi goochi, and I look forward to checking out your northern sister Uchiko in the near future.Salivating on my keyboardGabriel
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,10/3/2010,704,840,33,27,23>I had my heart broken by a cupcake!  Sit back, grab a cup of coffee and let me tell you my story. I found Hill Country Cupcake at the Barton Creek Farmer's Market and was delighted to see that some of their cupcakes were gluten free. After sampling several gluten free bites I knew what I wanted.  Finding the perfect cupcake, a peanut butter with chocolate butter cream frosting, was easy.  And it had a dollop of peanut butter on top!  How cute is that.  The girls packed it nicely in a small plastic container with a tall top that would not smash the icing.  On the way home I kept thinking about the cupcake and how delicious it would taste.  I love peanut butter and if there is chocolate with it, all the better.  As I drove north on 360 towards home, I decided to take out the cupcake at the first light and have a tiny bite.  I opened the container and inhaled a delicious chocolatey peanut buttery smell.  Divine! It was easy to slip the cupcake out and hold the container open on my lap.  I bit into the moist chocolate cake and found a surprise center of sweet peanut buttery deliciousness.  And the chocolate butter cream icing was incredible.  I desperately needed another quick bite to hold me until home.  But the car behind me was not having any of this.  I guess the light had changed while I was in cupcake heaven.  As I lifted my light and luscious treat to my lips, the driver behind me laid on his horn.  I startled which caused me to loose my grip on my beloved cupcake.  It slipped through my fingers, grazed my breasts where it left a trail of chocolate, rolled across my lap and onto the floorboard upside down.Lesson learned.  Eat your Hill Country Cupcake immediately.  Do not pass go. Do not stop to eat it at red lights. Or just save it for home. If you don't, you may have to explain to your hubby why you have chocolate on your boobage.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,10/2/2010,521,315,10,11,12>I took a friend out for National Left handed day. "I will toast you left handed," I said (channeling my inner Inigo Montoya).Have heard some good things about this place, but was a House Wine virgin until last night. The place is a little pricey for the location and offering. The staff is friendly. The misspelled menu of wine is vast. The food selection... let's just say if I am going to order a bottle of wine or two with friends, I could use a few more choices. They have prosecco on the menu, a big plus for me. They also have a good assortment of obscure whites (which is not usual in Austin). They run a HH price on a special bottle for $5 a glass or $18 a bottle. I did not try the special bottle, but you can drink affordably if you are not too picky. I need to come back here on Sundays... I hear they run 1/2 price glasses on ALL open bottles. Sounds more up my alley. Ambiance is an old house with groovy IKEA decor and great art on the walls from local artists. They have a nice porch and outdoor seating area that is dog friendly. I did need to drive through P Terry's across the street when I was finished, as I needed more than cheese and crackers to soak up the wine from the evening. All in all, a pretty cool place to practice toasting my creative friends left handed.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,10/1/2010,160,195,12,10,10>I've been a sandwich hater for the longest time.  I hate it when people like mmmmmm I'm craving a sandwich.  I'm like are you crazy, there are like 100 things better than eating a plain ol' sandwich.  Well, Fricano bitchslapped me with their sandwiches and has definitely set me straight.Sandwiches can light your tastebuds on fire. Walking into this tiny little deli, the decor makes me feel right at home.  You're basically in the kitchen, with the smells and all the crazy tools and ingredients right in front of your face for you to examine.  What I loved to see is that the employees were barely older than me, I love local businesses and I really respect everything they do.  However that aside, can you make me a mean sandwich?Fricano's differentiates itself from the competition via their homemade spreads.  It's the part of the sandwich that just POPS in your mouth, I always complain about food not having that pizzaz or flavor.  These spreads do just that.  There is homemade Pesto, Tepanade, Jalapeno, Garlic Herb, and Roasted Red Pepper Hummus.  I got to try the Jalapeno and it was delightful, not too spicy either.  I noticed on some of their hot sandwiches there is "Rocket Sauce."  I mean COME ON, who wouldnt want to eat a sandwich that has some ROCKET SAUCE on it.Ok but let's get to business, food food food.  We sampled the Garlic Herb Roast Beef.  A sandwich of just the right size, filled with some smooth roast beef that meshed incredibly well with the garlic herbs.  My friend got the Cajun Turkey sandwich which had the jalapeno spread.  I honestly fell in love with her sandwich and I wish I had hers.  Ironically, she loved my sandwich so we both trade halves. (a true fatass knows to always eat in groups so you can try your friend's food)  The turkey had this nice SPICE and flavor to it, I enjoyed every single bite of that freakin sandwich.  rawr.  The sandwiches come grilled/toasted so the bread has a nice toasty texture to it.I highly recommend this place, it's definitely a well-hidden gem in North Campus.  It changed my life.  I'm a sandwich man now =)
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,9/30/2010,522,1205,5,23,16>After yesterday's debauchery at Gourdoug's I was so happy to discover Snack Bar today in the old El Sol Y La Luna location while taking a Austin Pets Alive Pibble for a walk on South Congress.. "Are dogs aloud on the patio?" "Yes" So, I found myself and Pups sharing a table with a Lesbian couple hoping to adopt the same Pup. We hugged and kissed and I wished them the best with Danny. Long personal story short. Aside from being Dog Friendly this place is super environmentally conscious offering organic and local foods and "happily raised and Eco friendly" meats and Gluten Free Beer AND "Substitutions Welcome" And they recycle and compost! Odwalla Grapefruit Mimosa 5 stars!!! Shrimp and Herb Cheese Grits - Hell Yeah!!!! Wild Salmon, egg whites, spinach and dill on corn tortillas - WooHoo!!! House made Millet Bread and Potatoe, cabbage, leeks and onion cake!!!! Healthy "As good as it Gets"!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,9/28/2010,431,381,13,15,15>Kelly S., Colin T. and I went to Mirabelle yesterday to try out their new happy hour.  They had a great deal for cheapskates:  Buy a beer or glass of wine, and you can get any one of about ten different appetizers for free, and they also had another four or five appetizers at half price.Colin and I got there first, and decided to order a bottle of wine.  We ordered some bottle whose name I can't remember, but our waiter, Rich, decided to be a bit of a sommelier and bring out another (whose name I neither remember, but Colin does) for us to taste, as well, because he thought we might like it better.  Thank goodness he did, because the second one DID taste better and went better with the food we ordered.  On that front, we started out with the Duck Liver Mushroom Paté, the Asian Duck Springrolls, and the Basil Cheese Torta (which was made of cream cheese, sundried tomatoes, and pine nuts... and basil).  Rich told us the owner was the one cooking that night, to make sure everything went perfectly for their inaugural happy hour.  I wish I could cook as well as the owner, folks.I loved the cheese torta.  Couldn't get enough.  Started dreaming of ways I could get a house built of the stuff so I could slowly, but happily, eat myself out of house and home.  And the duck springrolls?  Wow.  Just wow.  I'm normally not a big fan of duck, but what the owner did with duck is akin to one of those ugly-hag makeovers you see on the Jenny Jones Show:  The duck not only looked but tasted !fantabulous! after the chef was finished.  The paté I was not a real fan of.  'Twas smooth and buttery, but too earthy for my taste.Kelly came, and Rich immediately moved us to a bigger table where we ordered another bottle of wine and more appetizers.  I may be missing a few apps here, but I'm pretty sure we got Smoked Pork Tenderloin Flautas, Fried Brie and Chutney, and some sort of Ceviche.  I didn't try the flautas nor ceviche, but the fried brie was pretty good.And then... dessert.  My favorite part.  We ordered the Mocha Toffee Torte and the Brown Sugar Sour Cream Cheesecake with Black Cherry Compote.  Since I'm a woman, the chances of me loving a chocolate dessert are like knowing the sun will rise in the morning.  While the torte was literally melt-in-your-mouth good, smooth and decadent, I found myself continually gravitating toward the brown sugar cheesecake.  And yes, Mick Jagger's lips were flapping in my ear the whole time.  "Brown Sugar!  How come you taste so good?"  Uh! Muh! Gud!  This is the dessert I was born for!  I don't think I can do it more justice than Kelly did, but I'll try...  Remember when Ronald Reagan won forty-nine states in the presidential election of 1984?  He would rather have had one bite of this cheesecake than have won Minnesota.  TRUST ME.  It's THAT good.  Remember the best sex you ever had, or when you aced a test you thought you would surely fail, or when you got that killer promotion at work, or when the guy you'd been dating for seven years finally got off his ass and proposed to you?  THIS CHEESECAKE IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THAT!  The only thing you will ever want after having eaten this brown sugar cheesecake is more cheesecake.  You won't care about buying that new car or finding a better job because you will have had the best cheesecake in existence.  "Brown sugar!  How come you taste so good?"  That cheesecake finally whipped my ass just around midnight; it put me into the deepest, most restful sleep I've had in a long time.  Okay, I think the wine helped with that.  The brown sugar cheesecake, like Kelly said, was lighter in flavor.  It was smooth.  It melted in our mouths.  The crust was sweet and teasing.  This cheesecake is the answer to all the world's problems.  If every single person around the world (minus those with certain food allergies or other dietary restrictions) had a slice of this cheesecake, we would all henceforth live in peace.  No wars would ever need to be fought again.  Guns would become flower vases, like hippies tried to make them into in the '60s.  AIDS and cancer would magically disappear.  Osama bin Laden would die a horribly long and incredibly painful death.  The rest of D. B. Cooper's loot would be recovered.  John Madden would regrow his brain cells.  And Ray Romano would never be seen on television again.See how good this cheesecake is?  It caused me to write three whole paragraphs about it.Before I forget, Mirabelle is a great place for you gluten-free folks and people with food allergies.  They really take your health conditions into consideration here.  I didn't get a look at the gluten-free menu, but I imagine it's wonderful.So, the service was fabulous.  Everyone, from the hostess, to Rich, to the bus boys, was very nice and accommodating; the food was as good as it could possibly be; and the space is wonderful.  And the best part?  You don't have to drive downtown and pay for parking in order to eat there.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,9/27/2010,91,169,6,11,9>Well, aren't I a lucky girl! I got to go to Fino not once, but twice during the month of January. If a trip to Fino doesn't shake you out of your January funk, then yours is a sad, sad life. My first visit was for a friend's 40th birthday, and let me just throw this out there and see if it sticks: I would very much love love love to have a future milestone birthday party here. Our party had the entire bar area (save the actual bar and bar stool section) to ourselves. Our gracious host had pre-ordered a sampling of tapas that were brought to each table, and we took care of our own bar tabs. Fino printed out special menus so that we knew what was being served. I think my favorite were the fried green olives stuffed with anchovies and the calamari. Yum! The cocktail menu is super interesting, and Fino makes their own bitters, juices, and syrups. Yum!I ventured back for a dinner with friends and Fino didn't disappoint with their larger plates. I started with the spinach salad topped with a poached farm fresh egg. There are few things better in this world than a poached farm fresh egg. Add in some bacon and crisp spinach leaves, and the heavens part and angels sing. The Flatiron steak was sooo tender. I was actually a little embarrassed that I completely cleaned my plate. There wasn't ONE bit of food left on it...You'd think I would be too full at this point for dessert, but how could I resist the warm bitter chocolate cake. It was good. Not the best flour-less chocolate cake that I've eaten, but among the better ones. Fino has definitely been added to my short list of restaurants that I will be returning to again and again. They have me covered from a fun happy hour with the girls, to a special dinner with a sweetie.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,9/26/2010,322,621,17,16,16>Last night, I met up with a group of Yelpers who were helping Lorena O. celebrate her ROTD.  It was also the first time I had Torched.  Anywhere.  I know.  I don't get out much.Despite the dreaded fear of no parking, I found a spot right off the bat.  That was an auspicious start.  The dining room was full, so, with the help of fellow Yelpers Colin and Christine, we scrounged up four tables.  At first, it seemed overkill, but we eventually needed five, and I think  Edison and Monichachacha wound up sitting in Williamson County.  Not so much as a grimace out of the establishment for three peeps taking up four tables.While we waited to for the crowd to show, I went inside for a beer and a water cup.  You can tell they're still pretty new to serving beer, as I had to hold up the sample bottle of Abita Turbo Dog so the cashier knew what I wanted.  Thank the-Diety-of-your-choice for sample beer or else I might never have gotten my pint across.  I did have to ask three times for the water cup, but I quickly realized it was just a matter of a new cashier who was a bit nervous and distracted.Meanwhile, the throng outside thickened to include a lot of Yelp friends, including the honoree herself.  I made another trip in for food when it became obvious we were here to gnosh and not just to turn Torchy's into the bar du jour.  Excellent, as I have somehow managed to avoid the Torchy's on William Cannon since it opened, and it's only 1.2 miles from my house.  I had to control myself on the food part, because just a couple hours before, I had passed a stress test (just barely).  So, queso was off the list, as were the chips and guacamole.I tried the Baja (Aha!) Shrimp taco and The Democrat.  Not that The Republican didn't sound good, it's just that I can't get those eight years of sausage stuffing out of my head.  I really wanted to try the Dirty Sanchez, but I decided to save it for morning when it's most appropriate.  No, I mean, because it contains scrambled eggs.Speaking of which, no wonder they charge out the wazoo for these tacos (WAIT:  Dej M. flashback... "Dad: THREE DOLLARS?! You pay $3 for something so easy like that?")!   As one of my tablemates remarked, they're so full of it that you really should eat them as a tostada.  At least I hope they were talking about the tacos.  And I got two tortillas with each, which makes me believe the intent is to split the contents, in which case I would have been totally content with one taco.  The sauces were pretty darn good, too.  And drinkable in their own right.  When you run out of beer.  And water.A couple of downers on the night and one was major. On the outside patio, Torchy's needs to just put up a picture of Jeff Goldblum captioned, "You want FLIES with that?"  The flies were more than a nuisance, they were of Biblical proportions.  For a moment, I thought Robert Rodriguez was doing another low-budget grindhouse remake of Hitchcock's 'The Flies'.  Shell No-Pest Strip?  Anyone?  Anyone?The other was a dead ceiling fan overhead.  At 96 degrees and 91% humidity, it was sweltering.  As in "Take me to Houston or New Orleans so I can cool off" sweltering.  There were three other ceiling fans on, but they weren't over our table.  They might as well have been somewhere over China for all I cared.Around 8 PM, I finally capitulated and retreated to the cool, fly-less tranquility of my car and home, stuffed and content from good times with good friends eating good food and drinking good Turbo Dog.  Amen, Sistah Lorena!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,9/25/2010,32,152,6,8,7>Frida Kahlo burger, you were this |---| close to being a five star burger. I won't be one to complain about the wait, which was huge (over an hour and a half). I'm a patient person and everyone in my party pretty much had the consensus that it was worth the wait. Very generous portions, and the staff seemed like really nice people (albeit stressed out due to the large line). :)If I were to give a suggestion, would they hear it? Even if they don't, here it is...one thing I learned from being a tiny lad in Mexico is that if you don't cook chorizo enough, it tastes sour. Probably due to the large queue, the chorizo was under-cooked which gave the majority of my burger a noticeable sourness. But I'm not complaining, just maybe hoping Joceyln (or another YMBB rep) will read this and we'll become friends, and she'll make sure to have the chefs, "char this asshole's chorizo up," when I go back....and I will definitely be back! :)You won't be disappointed, as this place won't be like "Casino" where it's hit and miss, this place is "solid, ese."
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,9/24/2010,235,378,10,10,10>I finally found the funny!  My first experience with comedy was terrible.  An acquaintance was doing open mic comedy at a bar and begged me to come and bring as many of my friends as possible.  The show was just a few hours later, and on such short notice the crew I was able to muster up consisted of:* My younger brother* A very conservative, very religious coworker that I saw on a daily basis* A very liberal, uber-feminist childhood friend that I hadn't seen in years* MeThe comedians were bad, timing and delivery was off, and humor was blue.  The majority of the jokes were about baby rape, back door abortions, anal sex, or a horrifying combination of the three.  The situation was made worse by two things:* Having to uncomfortably listen to this in front of my lil bro and other 2 guests who found the subject matter more offensive than funny.* Feeling obligated to laugh at appallingly unfunny jokes because I couldn't bear the awkward silence of failure faced by these comedians who were giving it their all.It's not like seeing a bad band, where the music drowns everything out, so you don't have to applaud if you don't like it.  With comedy, the silence of no laughter is cringe-worthy.   Luckily this horrible experience was rectified when I found the funny at Capitol City Comedy.  I recently went to the Funniest Person in Austin contest.  Sure, some of the jokes were crude, but with the right timing and delivery, I was in stitches!  I've been back since, and it's a solid way to get some laughs.  It's an intimate club, drinks and apps seem pretty standard bar fare.  The Go Local card gives 25% admission for many shows.  I definitely plan on going back!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,9/23/2010,271,233,10,18,11>This place is cool.  And it may get even cooler once I'm finished.  To be continued in a few hours.*A few hours pass*This place is really cool.  Low-key.  Laid back.  No muss.  The cocktail menu is limited to 8 cocktails that change seasonally, and for an incredibly low price of $7 each.  $7 is a steal for these quality classic cocktails that normally run $11-14 each at other establishments.  The beer selection is also limited, however, each one is a quality beer ($5 each) from a local brewery (except Guinness and Abita).  While Tigress does not serve food (nor have intentions of serving food), it is definitely BOYF or BYOG.  Bring your own Food or Bring your own Grub.  Go ahead, bring a pizza, steak, or bbq sandwich.  Just make sure you bring enough for everyone else.  Arrangements for food delivery to Tigress from other restaurants are in the works. There you have it - a small English pub with a warm Austin-y feel.  Now get on down there and play name that tune with Pam.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,9/22/2010,446,557,8,9,9>I'm a person who maintains habits. On Mondays I wear a suit; on Wednesdays I eat spinach salad; on Sundays I go swimming and eat a sno cone. (It's like a personal rule from Memorial Day-Labor Day.) And I've been pretty loyal to Sno Beach, but I'm not OCD--I can switch sno cone stands once in a while, especially to avoid a line on a hot day.Sno Springs has shaved ice quality and syrup variety on par with Sno Beach and Casey's Sno Balls (but  the syrup portion is a lot more reasonable here than at Casey's).  The menu offers all the standbys like Tiger Blood, Lime, Pina Colada, etc, but also includes some I haven't seen elsewhere. Some unique flavor options I can recall are red velvet cake, cherimoya, champagne, and tiramisu. The friendly employees were happy to provide samples and to describe the flavors, and since there was no line, I went ahead and took advantage of that. After eating practically the equivalent of a small sno cone in samples, I settled on 1/2 cherimoya, which tasted a lot like custard, and 1/2 berry, which tasted like berries.The sound flavor combo and the finely shaved ice made for an enjoyable treat; however, the use of a funnel make the top "cone" portion created some structural instability and packed the ice a bit too much on top. If a friend wanted to go here, I wouldn't deter him. And if Sno Beach had a ridiculous line, I would go here.  But it's not my favorite.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,9/21/2010,41,66,7,8,14>Setting: The Monarch, E. 38 1/2 St.Time of Day: Noon.Starring:Salim, the store owner "Monarch Lover", the customerSalim: Hey, how are you doing today, man?  Is that gonna do it?"Monarch Lover: Yea, thanks!S: Your total is $2.35.  What are your plans today?ML:  *Digging through pockets* You know what, I just moved nearby.  S: Ah, welcome!  I'm Salim!  You're right over here?  That's great!ML: *Embarrassed* Um, Salim, I think I forgot my wallet.  I'll just swing by later to pick these things up.S: No, no.  Go ahead.  You can pay me back later.ML: Really?S: Sure, buddy.  See you soon.  Have a good one.ML:  Wow, Salim.  That's terrific.  I'm going to write about this on Yelp and call myself the Monarch Lover and give you five stars.Ok, I made that last part up.  But, c'mon, how cool is that?  Not only did the owner make me feel welcome to the neighborhood, he immediately trusted me and offered to help me out.  I've been dozens of times since and he is genuinely one of the kindest people in Austin.  Plus, his store has a plethora of wines, necessities, and munchies.  I moved a little further away since my first interaction with Salim, but I still go there whenever I need to pick something up.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,9/19/2010,392,291,12,16,24>You once said to me that you could tell that I was a thoughtful person who genuinely cared about people. You may have even used the word 'romanitic.' You came to this conclusion because of the way I expressed my feelings about former lovers through my Yelp reviews. I initially thought you wanted to know what it felt like to be one of the girls in those reviews. "I have to write a review for her," I thought. But then I was blanketed in sadness as all the girls in the reviews are now merely friends (or perhaps, just acquaintances). I may cross their minds when they occasionally see my Facebook statuses, but I seriously doubt any of them daydream "what if?" scenarios or even remember what a good kisser I was, even though they had once said so. It's kind of a silly irony that for a year, you lived a block from the Cathedral of Junk and you didn't even know it was there. It made me very happy to know I was the first person to bring you here. To me, it's the most beautiful place in Austin. Thousands of memories stacked on top of each other. It's a graveyard of childhood memories -- a living piece of art.We scaled the top and sat together on the throne. I put my arm around you and kissed you. I was on top of the world. There really isn't much else I can say about our short fling, besides it was too short. We decided to place it on the backburner, much like I'm going to do with this review. I need to let it simmer in my mind -- cause like most things, timing is everything.My major concern is that I normally only meet one awesome girl a year, sadly that quota has already been met.-----------------------------------I hadn't planned to publish this review so quickly, but the Cathedral of Junk is now in trouble with the city. Unless the Cathedral gets certain permits or comes up to code, it may have to be torn down. Check out this facebook group for more info on how you can help: facebook.com/group.php?g We must save the Cathedral of Junk or I may have to find a new date spot.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,9/18/2010,235,240,7,12,9>Best Eggs Benedict I've ever had. Chipotle hollandaise sauce? What a genius idea! I seriously don't think it gets much better than that.The food was pretty much worth the 1 hour wait, but I don't necessarily recommend it as a great lunch spot for the girls, because of the wait. However, we could have used our time more wisely by perusing the local shops, but we chose to wait by the bar and be tortured by the no-alochol-without-ordering-food-before-noon this silly state has.I wish I had taken a picture of my delectable eggs benedict. Not for you, my fellow yelpers, but to print out and frame and hang up inside my refrigerator as a reminder of what could be every time I reach for something that actually is.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,9/17/2010,184,184,7,12,9>The fried chicken here is excellent!  Juicy chicken, crispy breading, and 99 cents a piece if you order ala carte.  Perfect if you want a cheap lunch that isn't enormous.  I've only been here twice now but I know I'll be a regular.So, since most people want more to their meal than just meat, the sides:  The "corn cake" was pretty good, if a little sweeter than a true southern cornbread.  The coleslaw was...not my thing.  There's some kind of seasoning under the celery salt that I didn't really care for.  The fries are only ok, but I have not tried to onion rings yet.Other bonuses: The BBQ sauce is sweet, smoky, and thick, more like the sauce I grew up with in Georgia.  (Don't get me wrong, I love the Texas-style sauce too.)  And every basket of food comes with a thick slice of garlicky buttered bread.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,9/16/2010,476,262,36,37,37>Bikram says, "If it hurts, you are doing it right."Ray LaMontagne sings, "If it hurts, you aren't doing it right."Pretty sure Bikram is talking about exercise/yoga and Ray is talking about sex/relationships.  Who to believe...?  Maybe there is room for both idealogues... maybe they are both correct in their given fields of expertise.I do know one thing, Bikram Yoga bodies are sexy bodies - they move gracefully, they are fit, and they are aware - and I have heard a rumor that doing tons of yoga makes you more focused for better sex. Being present and at peace with yourself helps to make one available at an altered level to others not to mention it opens your hips and improves blood flow to areas where blood has not been flowing, if you know what I mean.  Better. Sex. There, I said it.  I am currently on day 40 of the 60 day challenge and am working on "thinking and questioning" less and "doing and being" more.  I am actually contemplating doing Bikram Yoga 365 times this year.  My skin is soft and supple, I crave the luxurious 90 minute daily meditation, and - I cannot believe it-  I love the heat.  If you are considering "doing it right until it hurts" here are the things to remember as you head out for Bikram Yoga...1.  Put water container, 1/3 full, in freezer the night before with the cap off.  Fill it with the filtered water when you arrive. You will thank me as you drink cold water for the full 90 minutes in the 105 degree hot room.2.  Clean your yoga mat once a week with witch hazel, lavender and orange essential oils ~or~ get the Thai Crystal Deodorant in the non-aerosol spray bottle and add Tea Tree Therapy oil (natural antiseptic), Peppermint Oil, and Lavender.  If you forget your mat or do not want to buy one, you can rent a mat for $2 and a towel for $1. 3.  Bring 2 large towels, one to put on your mat and collect buckets of your sweat and the other to dry off after your quick shower after class.  Do not start bringing a small towel in the hot room.  You will never be satisfied... there is no amount of wiping on that small towel that will ever be enough cuz your body just keeps sweating and it becomes a complete distraction.  Trust me.  4.  Electrolyte replacement is important, and can start before, during and after class. Zico coconut juice restores me quickly after a class and I sometimes use the nuun tablets in my water during a class.  Some people swear by the Endura but I do not like the high sugar content...  I would rather eat an almond croissant from La Boite.A few years ago I did a lot of leadership development and training and we did "mirror work" ... I have found my time in front of the Bikram mirror beneficial not just for my physical body, but also for developing a better relationship with the only person I will spend the rest of my life with -very similar to the mirror work.  In Bikram Yoga the only one you are to look at in the mirror is yourself. The meditation has been both peaceful and profound.  (Develop a relationship with that person.  Realize they(you) are looking back at you. Look at your body, look into your eyes, realize that that person over there wants to be friends with this person over here.  Remove the serious frown from your face. Fall in love.)Translation:  "If it hurts, you are doing it right" + "If it hurts, you aren't doing it right" = better sex.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,9/15/2010,103,112,13,7,9>I seriously feel sorry for people that go to coworking places in N. Austin or downtown.  That aren't right across the alley from Rio Rita and down the street from Me So Hungry.  Now let's not kid ourselves.  We know that young Austin consists entirely of hipsters, hipster attaches, or hipster haters that secretly wish they were skinny, fashionable, and chill.  As such, if you're an independent professional, trying to do business in Austin with other Austin folk...who do you think people are gonna prefer?  The dude/chick that goes to Halcyon?  Or the bro/gurl that has an office on the East Side?  Enough said.But wait let's talk amenities: fridge and microwave so you can take lunch, dishes and forks to eat said lunch, snack foodstuffs, printing/faxing/scanning, assorted books (mostly about entrepreneurism and coding), great musics playlist, dry-erase boards
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,9/14/2010,136,153,12,7,9>If I made this place a regular part of my Austin Eatin' Circuit, I can guarantee you that if you fast-forwarded a good...oh, I don't know - lets be modest here - two years or so down the road and peeked in on me, I would be one of those fat guys you see wheeling themselves around on a Rascal (or Avalanche, depending on your mobile cart supplier of choice), breathing way too heavily and washing themselves with a rag on a stick.Oddly enough, not a week before trying a Gourdough's doughnut, a coworker sent me a link to what I considered at the time to be an abhorrence and a blasphemy against health and humankind. Some resteraunt somewhere had made a market of selling Krispy Kreme Donut burgers - two beef patties, bacon, lettuce - the works - on a griddled (already fried) Krispy Kreme glazed donut."That's freakin' disgusting!" I barked, shaking my head in disgust. "Why not just pump the lard directly into my aorta?! I wouldn't eat that garbage if my life depended on it!"So when I sat, greedily forking bits of a "Mother Clucker" in my gaping maw, I reflected on the irony of my previous statement. But as that sweet, sweet lard made its way into my belly, the sugar delirium brought on by this (hopefully) rare treat made me forget all about it.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,9/12/2010,315,273,15,16,16>You, (Yelper who's familiar with me):  So Carla, what's been going on?Me:  I'm a raw foodist now.You, (Yelper who's familiar with me):  WTF, Carla?!?!?!?!Me:  My Bacchanalian-ass is even more shocked than you, TRUST ME.Leave it to me find something more hard-core than vegan, but I have to tell you I'm LOVING raw foods.  LOVING them.  I feel so much better.  I think I look better because more guys are looking at me (don't hate).  I'm developing an entirely different relationship to food.  Before it was kind of an Eszterhas tale now it's more Merchant/Ivory (go with it).   Okay so that's the back story.  My only problem is I don't really know yet how to cook sans heat and meat for that matter.Never fear Beets is here!!!  I had a hard time choosing between the ELT and Pizza.  The Pizza won.  It was so good.  I sat there all by my lonesome and went to town on it.  Then I had the chocolate cheesecake.  I won't rest until I know how to make that.  It was better than any cheesecake I've ever had because that heavy feeling was absent.  I hate the heavy feeling.  I never have it with raw foods.  I left this meal as I do all raw meals feeling nourished and with a spring in my step.  I seriously think I did a slight skip back to my car.The layout is nice and open and the staff was so great.  I didn't get the name of the girl with long, black hair, but her love of the the food there was infectious.  She was truly excited about what they had to offer and it made me excited too.I'm so fortunate to have another great raw/vegan restaurant right in my backyard and I look forward to being a regular here as well. (Note to Yelpers Who Dine with Me:  Don't worry, I like a good Eszterhas tale now and again.  We'll still visit the fire-using restaurants too. : )
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,9/11/2010,130,110,11,6,4>If I was going to make sweet sweet love to sandwich it would be the Pork Slider here and then yes my pillow girlfriend Natalia would be very upset with me. We have eaten here now three times and I cannot get enough of it. The staff again, AMAZING. The food again, AMAZING. I am now fearful for the days that they are not open.  The sandwich is perfectly seasoned and cooked to the point where its not burnt and the bun is perfectly toasted. This sandwich makes other sliders cry. The food itself takes a little bit to make but its worth it since it is made to order. If I had to recommend a place to eat for a person who is in town for only one day, this would be on the list. Just don't make eyes at the Pork Slider BECAUSE ITS MINE!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,9/10/2010,348,383,8,8,10>Who knew Frozen Yogurt had come so far?  I last ate it sometime in the early 90s at one of those acronym shops.I am really impressed with this Yogurt Planet! Self serve with HUGE cups! For those of us with no self control, this is dangerous. And the flavors are amazing! Pomegranate, cookies and cream, and CAKE BATTER! Holy enzymes Batman! YUMMMY!Even the toppings are self serve! The vast selection of toppings easily beats the famous ice cream places around here that offer "mix ins." No way to mix in like that here. BUT you can just add some on the bottom of your cup first, then add yogurt, and add more to the top. Or repeat the steps a few times for a layered effect! So what were my toppings? Gummi bears, Heath, Butterfinger and cherries . . . I think I did pretty well. The total was only around $6. Great selection, fun concept, friendly staff member. I hope to see more Yogurt Planets soon!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,9/9/2010,253,502,4,18,10>I learned about this place on Wednesday on Yelp (Thanks Mars!) and was there on Thursday for a facial for my severely broken out skin.I got the deep pore facial with an high-frequency zit zapper add-on, and it was only $42.50. The process was supposed to last 50 minutes, but was more like 90 because I got an awesome lady who decided to use the ultrasonic skin spatula on me. That thing was amazing and so much more gentle than doing extractions.Today, my skin looks about 30% better, which I'll take as a good improvement over yesterday. For the price, I'll go back in a heart beat. I'm not sure I'd have the nerve to have my hair done there, but for facials, it can't be beat!.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,9/8/2010,102,357,12,11,8>Holy jebus, OMG, wow, pick your amazed expression.  Their trailer was working overtime for SXSW and happened to be right across the street from Iron Gate for the party and I'd never tried it and one thing led to another.  Got the Mrs. M.  Let me break it down:  Waffle, pressed on an iron right there, no heated up Eggo's.  Huge effing chicken strip that would make Chik Filet its bitch.  Slab of bacon.  Piece of Swiss cheese.  Topped with maple syrup and hot sauce.  I took and bite and blacked out, I regained consciousness when I was licking my fingers.  There were other delicious sounding combinations there but I'm afraid these things would be more addictive than crack.  Holy hell, drunk food, breakfast food, because you freaking can food, get to this place and get it in your face.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,9/7/2010,90,161,7,14,14>I had dinner here Saturday night and was so impressed i ate lunch with the wife the following Tuesday to make sure this place was as good as i thought it was...It was. Mangu offers Carribean/South American style cuisine. The varied tastes and textures here surprised me and i also discovered a new drink. They have a beautiful covered outdoor patio area that lends itself to the relaxing mood i needed. I had my first, and most assuredly not my last Caipirihna. The national cocktail of Brazil. I had never had one before and it was oh soooo good. Made with lime juice, sugar, Cachaca. I got to sip their Mojito as well and they were really good. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu items which i admittedly was not familiar with. I had the Mahi with fresh Mango Salsa on a bed of rice(Arroz Congri). The Mahi was a healthy chunk of fish beautifully presented and cooked. I chose sides of Maduros(sweet sliced fried plantains) and fried Yuca. I almost fell off my chair when i ate into the Maduros. The textures...slightly crisp outside and sweet and tender inside. This was a treat for me as i had never had these before. The Maduros were a perfect taste contrast to the fish. Our other entree was the Lechon Pork. Pork shoulder slow roasted with cider onions and rice. Sides of fresh vegetables and more Maduros. The pork was very tender, tasty and flavorful. We ordered the Tres Leches for dessert. A light yellow cake drenched in a delicious three creme sauce and topped with Suspiro and drizzled with homemade carmel. One order is plenty for 2 persons. Be advised that the parking is weird but please don't let that discourage or distract you from experiencing the wonderful food here. If you are looking for something a little different from the ordinary...even ordinary great food... Cafe Mangu is someplace you should give a try.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,9/6/2010,325,414,8,11,13>It's High time I review this place and note what a Ball I've had while here. I have yet to bowl here, but I have exhibited my Skee Ball skillz as well as sung several tunes in a few of the karaoke rooms.  Get this, they have prop boxes in your own private karaoke room. Yes, props! Like feather boas and gold chains and even chest hair. I do not lie.Fridays they have theme karaoke, like 80s and Yacht Rock, if you have the cojones to get up on stage--which I do NOT!  I'm very curious to check out the dance parties, too.I've had some fancy drinks, with funny names I don't remember and some brewskies as well. The only food I've eaten was the free stuff at the Yelp Elite event. It's an expensive place, but it's a fun place. I've never had anything less than an awsesomely stellar time there.  The staff has always been super friendly and very nice.And how great is it that this awesome place is in south Austin? I'm a very happy lady.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,9/5/2010,90,149,7,7,10>After two more subsequent visits to Rio's Brazilian, I am moved to dedicate them a song which holds a very special, very appropriate place in all our hearts.  It begins... Tag Team, back againCheck it to wreck it, now let's beginParty on, party people, let me hear some noise[RIO's] in the house, jump, jump, rejoiceSays there's a party over here, a party over there Wave your hands in the air, shake your derierreThese three words mean you're gettin' [HUNGRY]:WHOOMP THERE IT ISYes, folks, WHOOMP THERE IT IS.The Yuca Bolinho with Roast Pepper was a rich, delicious pastry stuffed with smoked gouda and roasted red pepper.  Pairs sublimely with the butternut squash soup for dippin' & dousin'.  My friend ordered the Nhoque de Arroz - a rice gnocchi stuffed with sausage.  Praise Holy Jesus and the lowrider he rolled in on, they make some good comida and they just aint stop!!Also gotta put in a good word for their Puré de Batata.  Yeap.  Mashed potatoes.  Who knew a brazilian twist on an old comfort food would be so FAT.  And by FAT I mean FRESH AND TASTY, of courseI dont know what kinda voodoo you work on your food, but I'm hooked, Rio's.  Can't wait to roll through the drive-thru for a Banana Pastel (sweet banana & cinnamon stuffed pastry) and brazilian coffee.  I hear they make it dark & steamy like I like my men.  DANG you so bad.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2009,9/4/2010,62,69,13,8,11>I am conflicted. I have read all of the reviews."Lamberts is pricey""This ain't your Grandpa's barbecue""fancier barbecue meal""upscale""fancy barbecue""Haute Cuisine BBQ""either love it or hate it""HOLY Barbecue!!!!""its nods to hoiter-toitery""It was short of great, though i can't 100% put my finger on why""It's upscale, but not too pretentious""gourmet bbq""When I eat BBQ, I want it down and dirty""Boo Lambert's, Boo!""elegant  light fixtures""a fine place to share some Que""Lamberts got me excited""I rather like to call it "overpriced" BBQ""kick ass food"I couldn't agree more
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,9/3/2010,611,369,10,17,13>I approach the register and my small coffee with room for cream is already there.  "Amber, did you ride your bike today?  Want us to put it in a big cup for you again so you can ride your bike and drink coffee at the same time?" (note: this place is literally only a block from my office and I have a tendency to run late).  "Did you want the small fruit cup to-go again?  Want that in a bag with silverware?"  It's stuff like that really endearing me to this place.  Combine that with some now-and-then samples of some REALLY decadent pastry and I'm sold.  My co-workers go ga-ga over the soups (like really ga-ga, like I'm talking Lady GaGa, they come out raving about lunch wearing crazy wigs and shit because they like it that much), and the same goes for one guy working there that they think is hot...  I simply enjoy passing by it and seeing the antique-adorable tables, each set with  real, fresh flowers brightly facing the patrons.  It's quaint, it's cute, and they remember both your name and order Cheer's style.  Walton's makes avoiding the perfectly molded cakes topped with ganache, rolled in almond slivers, and adorned with candied bumblebees  hard... but getting a coffee, smile, and walking away with a general feel-good-warm-fuzzy in your morning easy
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,9/2/2010,79,81,10,10,9>A quick review of the brunch:  It pretty much rules.  Went today with a couple of friends from high school I hadn't seen in ages.  I was shooting for a place that would make me look cool, but not self-consciously so, like the kind of guy who has three days worth of stubble because he's been wrestling fucking bears in the wilderness while acsending peaks for three days, not the kind of guy who has three days worth of stubble because he saw an interview with Justin Timberlake and dude had mad swag with the stubble.  I digress.There was a short wait.  And a genuinely nice host.  There was great music courtesy of a pretty awesome DJ.  There were classics reinvented on the menu (pulled pork eggs benedict), and classic classics (shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles), all sporting Southern accents.  There was Intelligentsia coffee (priced accordingly at $3.25 per bottomless cup, but still, awesome).  Service was chill and efficient, clientele skewed young and non-churchgoing, and everyone in the restaurant was smiling.  Seriously, it was like the water was laced with Prozac.My friends pretty quickly realized that I'm still not cool, but they're not either, so we managed to have fun.  And I finally found a replacement for the Starlite brunch I still miss.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,9/1/2010,115,127,8,13,10>I searched for "Mexican Food near Del Valle, TX" and came up with all the fab reviews of this interior Mex gem on (blah) Burleson Rd, surrounded by (blah) warehouses, vacant lots, and the like. As others here have noted, it ain't easy finding good restaurants around this area, so I was absolutely delighted to belly up to the counter and notice some of my favorite dishes on the uncomplicated menu; culinary delights that we pay twice as much for at the fancier venues around town.Fresh salsas made with fresh, roasted peppers, onions, and garlic. Roasted & salted jalapenos at the (loosely termed) salsa bar.Interior dishes like barbacoa, cochinita pibil, yummy pork dishes served with black beans and flavorful rice.Chicken, cheese, and beef enchilada offerings.I opted for a dish of pork tenderloin, marinated in a darkly delicious chipotle sauce and cubed just right, so's I could load it into fresh, warm, handmade corn tortillas and scarf up like there's no tomorrow. Yummmmmmm.The place is super casual; order  and pay at the counter, get your salsas, jalos, and drinks, head to your table while your food is cooked right there behind the counter (fresh fresh fresh) then delivered to your table. We went at about 12:30, and the parking lot was packed, but there were plenty of tables available. The interior is shackish fun -feels a little bit like a trailer house. As vitter r noted, it's not a place you'd wanna take someone on a first date, unless of course, you're trying to show off your keep austin weirdness.Check it out next time you're in the area, folks.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,8/31/2010,133,246,4,7,7>I couldn't be more excited that this is the 100th review I have written, as this place was truly a special trip. Cele Store, I salute you and what you are doing. We planned a small little group outing, and being over anxious called a week ahead of time. You have to call ahead and tell them you are coming, how many with you, and what you want. Other than the ice tea and beer the rest is up to you. We sat and chatted with other guest who were regulars for an hour, and the owner and her cook son, and some of the other workers. All just the friendliest people. soon we realized they all have a great secret of smoking. I was alittle concerned about the brisket at first, as they had cut it up into small chucks instead of your typical long cuts of brisket. Each piece still had some great rendered fat and flavor on it. It also showed off how well the smoke and salt and pepper managed to soak into each bite. Ribs (which were baby back, which I found interesting) had an amazing salty crust on them and it locked in the flavor and moister perfectly. Not the best rib I have ever had, but most likely the best baby back (Not sure why Ron C. said they had beef ribs, I asked they said they never serve those.. and it is pretty easy to tell the difference between pork baby back ribs and beef ribs....) Sausage was ok. It was clearly Elgin Southside market sausage. Typically I'm not a fan of elgin sausage anymore, but I found out why. elgin doesn't cook their sausage correctly, they keep it way to moist and undercooked. Cele Store cooked it perfectly, and made a decent sausage taste great. Finally, I have to mention the sauce, which was surprisingly good. We learned that the grandmother makes it each Friday and it is her recipe from way back. It had the perfect amount of flavor and spice to it, with great consistency and good freshness.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,8/30/2010,146,505,9,7,9>Being dragged to Sex in the City 2? Balance your night with a memorable morsel from Jack Allen's Kitchen. So you have to go watch a movie about a prostitute and her three daughters, you may as well do it with the memory of a good meal. And FINALLY OAK HILL HAS THAT PLACE! Last night my yelp buds and I honored another yelper who is off to romance her new man in another country, which left me wanting to drown my sorrows in salsa and Michelob Ultra (Hey just because I am sad does not give me the right to make poor caloric choices!). Though you have to bring your patience (There's always a wait), once you get seated in this great looking space, I'd say your taste buds will make good choices. Everything I have had at Jack Allen's is good. Ironically, the entire table ordered the shrimp tacos, which was a very large plate, rife with fresh black beans with jasmine rice, mango salsa, and bunch of shrimp simmering in a creamy, spicy sauce. Add a lime and a taco, and you are in business.Great service by a Jeff Daniels look-a-like made the evening a good one, even if we were all going to be dragged to that movie at some point.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/28/2010,231,205,11,15,12>I could eat sushi pretty much every day. I love the ritual of eating it, I appreciate the artful nature of the dishes, and I am continuously amazed at the endless possibilities of flavors. Mix in a beautiful environment to eat it in and impeccable service, and I'm one happy girl.Friday night my dining companion and I dropped into Mikado Ryotei and I was instantly calmed by the low lighting and friendly front-of-house staff. Greeting your customer with a smile (whether you're faking it or not) goes a long way with me, and these folks have that down to a science. In fact, when we left, all five people working in the vicinity of the front door waved and said, "Good bye! Thank you!" And this includes the sushi chefs.The meal was delicious, filling, and gorgeous (see my two photos). The two of us shared a Sushi Chef's Choice ($21.95), a Hottie Susan roll ($13.95), and each person had a bowl of miso soup ($3 each). I had to have hot sake, so that was involved as well. I almost didn't want to eat the food presented to us, as it was beautiful to look at, adorned with purple orchids and placed on handmade ceramic dishes.I really dug the low lighting and they were even playing Everything But the Girl throughout our meal (yay!) Our server was sweet, and had no problem splitting the check for us. (And don't forget the mention of the five-person salute to us as we left Mikado!)It's love.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,8/27/2010,324,543,6,16,12>Two lovers of quality food had their birthday dinner here last night. Now, you could argue that it was the festive atmosphere of a day well spent with someone you care very much about, or maybe they're just unsophisticated, but I'm pretty sure it was the food that made this dining experience so great. It started with chips and four kinds of salsa (the greyish-green was my favorite), Mexican beer and a sweet mango-passion fruit margarita and got better from there.Entrees were two kinds of tacos (pork and shrimp, I believe) for him, and a fabulous vegetarian chile relleno for me. I've never seen quinoa and squash in a chile, but they combined for some fabulous creamy-spicy-sweet flavor with the vibrant sauces and perfect short-grain rice bed. Sides were sweet plantains with a creamy green sauce and cheese and amazing elotes (chile, parmesan and mayo on perfectly grilled corn with lime) that had us talking about how we'd never make corn the old-fashioned American way again.The absolute highlight, however, was the goat-cheese cheesecake with banana cream and rum-soaked pineapple. My dessert was the chocolate and salted caramel tart, which was delicious but, honestly, a bit too rich after such a hearty meal. The accompanying helado de coco (coconut ice cream) was spot-on, however.The atmosphere is breezy, comfortable and still manages to be sophisticated. We told our server we'd be taking our sweet time, and he was mostly good about giving us appropriate space (it was none too crowded on a Wednesday around 7), though the right balance was hard to achieve. Will we be back? You betcha. But prices are admittedly a bit high, so a full multi-course meal here is probably not going to become a habit.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,8/26/2010,421,256,12,11,12>[Trial 1, March]: Full-size banana (I'm not sharing this) in chocolate with sprinkles during South-by. I gots to start at the basics, man. Yellow-bandana Bananarchists said 'Let there be sprinkly chocolate!' and it was good. Formed a few non-words from their bag of bananagrams while we waited for our naners, discussing a wild array of barely-streaming subjects in-between bites. Funny enough, didn't notice any overt double-entendre suggestive banter, this time anyway. Finished off said sprinkled banana, but declined that whole spoon bit - you never know where to put your extra arm! Last words: 'You're SO gonna see me again after this town gathers it's wits again' (read: y'all are already stellar, but I'm giving you the thrice-trial treatment for accuracy). I think they like me, too.[Trial 2, April]: Banana never made it to my mouth. But not without effort. Drove out on a post-shower, overcast Wednesday around 8p (no bananas past 9) but they had closed up early. A sign posted inside their shack read their usual hours, adding 'We sometimes close early if it's not banana weather' which it clearly was not. But, what about the people who brave the freezing sleet, fog, humidity and pesky shower for the good of a loving banana? Alas, those brave souls are not to be rewarded. I ended up having my Jeep towed that night, but it wasn't because of bananas. Ok maybe indirectly it was. But I still refuse to demote my Banarsons for a cruel fate that was my own tonto doing. After waiting an hour outside a cold, wind-smacked impound lot, I walked the walk of shame (and fear) behind the solid metal gate to retrieve my violated vehicle from the menacing depths of incarceration. I now dissociate this experience from Bananas though. [Trial 3, Thank-you-for-not-being-April May, 'cos that wench was crazy]:Bananarchy Awareness Party. Apparently many were just not aware Austin had a frozen banana market, and those poor Bananarchists weren't making enough to break even. In a last attempt to stay in the game, they decided to throw a block party of sorts one Saturday evening in May. We got smart this time, parked on a nearby neighborhood street and walked - inyoface towing companies. Brought our own shirts to create a design on, to accordingly rep'esent how our love for frozen bananas go hard. One guy was in a banana suit.[Trial 4, June]: Decided to take a Banana-break from purging/packing my apartment in preparations to move. Covered in glitter, dust and bits of notebook paper, my roomate and I ventured south to the banana stand in spite of sinister storm clouds. Thankfully they were still open and the Bananarchist on duty remembered me from their block party, recommending I wash my spray-painted Bananarchy-logo shirt by hand and hang dry, since other shirt patterns had been destroyed on regular cycle. We got our cookie crumble and vanilla/graham cracker halfsie fixes. Yey.Methods: Confounding effect for April eliminated from final statistical analysis.Findings: Bananas are fun.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,8/25/2010,168,138,9,13,13>I almost gave up on Thai food here in Austin.  I was extremely frustrated.  You know, the kind of frustration Harold & Kumar went through & every pregnant woman goes through.  That insatiable craving that one thing and one thing only can gratify.  My goal: Pad Kee Mao - and not just ANY Pad Kee Mao, but the kinds that reminds me of my favorite Thai place back in Chicago.  Austin had a lot to live up to and failed miserably until I finally gave Titaya's a chance. A friend of mine actually suggested I try Titaya's while discussing Asian cuisine in ATX.  I trusted her because, like me, she's Asian - well, she's half Asian (it counts).  I think it might be important to note that neither one of us is Thai...  I'm Korean and she's half Japanese.  BUT we both love to eat and are picky when it comes to good Asian food in general. Back to the review...First, Jake G and I split an order of Som Tum (green papaya salad) because (1) it was flippin hot outside and inside and (2) I've had it on my "to try" list since I watched Anthony Bourdain eat some on the tele.  It was DELICIOUS!  I didn't think Jake G would like it, but even he enjoyed it!!  Tangy from the lime juice, sweet from the palm sugar, salty from the fish sauce, spicy from the peppers and a nice texture contrast between the thinly sliced papaya and peanuts.  It was a serious party in my mouth moment. It's no surprise that I ordered Pad Kee Mao for my entree (that's all I've been ordering at Thai restaurants in Austin in search of THE Pad Kee Mao).  After years (literally) of searching... I found it.  [cue "Hallelujah" music]  The noodles were perfectly chewy for me, the beef was tender (you can also get chicken or tofu), the veggies were fresh, there was a good amount of Thai basil, nice amount of heat/spice and the sauce was the right consistency, color (yes, color) and flavor.  THANK YOU Titaya's!!  You made me an incredibly happy woman!!  My only complaint - the dish comes with sliced bell peppers, which is good, but it would be even better with the addition of some sliced jalapenos and Thai chilies... (I like it SUPER spicy).Jake G ordered the Pad Cha (spicy catfish sporting 3, yes 3 people, chilies next to it on the menu).  Jake G LOVES catfish and he LOVES ridiculously spicy food - it had his name written all over it.  He was nice enough to let me sample a bite or two.  Lightly fried chunks of catfish (almost like a tempura batter) covered in a very spicy and garlic-y sauce along with sliced bell peppers and bamboo shoots...  Wow.  It was quite delicious (and he ate it all in like 2 minutes). Titaya's has given me hope for Thai food in Austin.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,8/24/2010,67,104,9,10,10>Hmmm.. what can i write about that hasn't already been said about this place? I'm trying to think of something Useful, Cool and Funny but it appears that whatever I'd write would just be what every one else has already written. Let's face it, if you're on yelp you like to get FUC's or you like to give FUC's so this is an important review so i can get some FUC's. Ya dig? I've had just about everything on this menu since I work only a few doors down from this popular eatery. I don't bother to eat there only because there's ALWAYS a line to get a table. I always call in my order to avoid the line. There's a special door for people who pick up their food. A door that isn't propped open by someone else waiting to order/get a table. This isn't your average line, mind you. This kinda line makes "some" people leave. Go ahead and leave. This line is a filter between hardcore taco lovers and those who don't know what a taco should taste like. So to those people, i bid you adieu. More for me. The employees are friendly and efficient. I've come to the conclusion that they must be friendly and efficient if they value their lives. Otherwise you'd have some angry taco patrons waiting in the hot Texas sun with empty stomachs watching other people eat those delicious tacos filled with that creamy green salsa. That's a recipe for danger. If you eat here, bring wet naps. You'll want to clean that yummy mess off of your face before you leave. Or, live on the wild side and leave the wet naps at home.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/23/2010,224,413,6,9,7>I'm pretty sure I had a weeks worth of calories and spent a weeks worth of grocery money here last night. Any regrets? Nope it was pretty incredible. I started with a rosemary martini. If I knew how to make this I would be an alcoholic. It was that good. Our waitress was great. Everything she recommended was fabulous. I have started needing reading glasses for menu  and forgot mine at home. My fiance and I were trading his back and forth and the waitress offered to bring me a spare pair they keep. I guess this says something about their demographic and my age. I had a thumbalina salad that was perfect. My fiance had a scallop that was amazing. I don't like scallops and haven't tried one in two decades. That being said I couldn't resist asking for a bite of his. Guess what? I do like scallops.We both had the crusted flounder. I licked my plate. Embarrassing but true. We really should have shared a dessert but at that point we were on a roll. I had the banana pudding and he had a chocolate cake.  It was as close to perfect as I have had in Austin. The only strange thing was that we got one choice of bread, a pop over of sorts while all the tables around us had choices. I saw someone else mention this in there review. I have no idea why. This is definitely going to be my new occasion restaurant.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,8/22/2010,255,164,11,14,18>This review is for the Pro Shop at Highland..   I finally bought a brand new bowling ball for myself, and I needed to have the finger holes drilled. I'd been to their pro shop before, when I had a used ball resurfaced. The technician knew his business and charged a reasonable rate. When I came back this time there were different staff working, but I soon realized they were also well-steeped in bowling knowledge.    One guy measured my hand and finger diameter, and in about 20 minutes had the ball drilled and ready. It seemed the holes were too snug, so he made them slightly larger and had me throw a few test balls down a lane for practice. I came back minutes later saying it was still too tight because the ball was making that suction popping sound like when you pop a cork off a bottle of wine.        It was then that he realized I'd never been taught the proper way to roll a ball. I've always used a ball that was not custom fit and thrown it straight down the middle, always wishing I could make it curve to hit the pins just right.              He sent me back out to work with another pro that was tutoring an older gentleman in the Art of the Roll. He traded off, teaching me and the other fellow, showing me an entirely different approach to the game.  Free of charge!      After I learned a few invaluable tips, I decided it was time to let him get back to tutoring and settle my drilling bill in the shop. He said $65 please.. $65! That's how much the ball cost!      I had sticker shock for sure, but I figured it all evened out with the free lesson, and resurfacing the ball to "2000 grit" to better soak up the lane oils.. I learned a bit about how the pros roll, and I can't wait to perfect my style with a fresh ball.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,8/21/2010,100,112,9,12,14>Wednesday afternoon, I finally met up with a Red Velvet cupcake from Sugar Mama's.  My taste buds tingled at first sight --  behind the glass counter there stood, neatly in a row, my R/V/C with a perfect swirl of frosting on top.  After looking around the bakery, it was obvious that this cupcake was coming from a good home.  The woman behind the counter (I'm assuming Sugar Mama), was super friendly, with a warm smile.  I loved the modernistic hanging lamps, and when I noticed the pink super-duper kitchen-aid mixer in the back -- I was sold.The cake was moist and surprisingly flavorful.  I've often found the cake of an R/V/C to be plain, and boring, tasting as if it had been made from a box mix.  But this R/V/C was of a different breed -- it had a nice, rich chocolate flavor.  I could have almost eaten it sans frosting.  The frosting was dressed to impress.  It was swirled upwards, looking almost as if it could have been sitting on a cone instead of a cupcake.  The little crystal red sprinkles added a little sparkle.  Another excellent frosting, with a tart yet smooth, cream cheese flavor.  I could have also almost eaten this sans cake.This R/V/C had the whole package for me, flavor, portion, and sparkle.  I plan on trying other flavors to expand my basis of review for Sugar Mama's, but the R/V/C will remain my number 1.  I definitely recommend it!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,8/20/2010,60,50,5,15,11>Things you need to know:- Keep the gun facing down range at all times- Don't pass the gun back and forth if  you're sharing a lane, instead put the gun down and let the other person pick it up- You will need to exit the freeway very quickly to get to Red's. This means driving in the median between the on-ramp and the off-ramp.- You don't need to have a gun to shoot here. They also provide eye and ear protection (put the ear protection on immediately!)- Whether or not you have a gun, it's pricey. I shoot with my gun and bullets and pay $15 for the lane regardless if I'm sharing a lane or how long I stay.Overall, a great experience and one necessary to becoming a "true Texan".
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,8/19/2010,724,628,19,25,20>As I pulled up to La Boîte, I was immediately taken by its lovely aesthetic. La Boîte is built from a reused shipping container, but the design geniuses behind this venture have managed to somehow make that look good. It all looks very intentional and well-thought-out; there's even a lovely sitting area outside with a modern-looking canopy surrounded by several strategically-placed planters.The selection wasn't huge at 9:15ish a.m., but I managed to snag two kinds of croissants (almond and butter - which one of the co-owners, Dan, assured me were "the best you can get outside of Paris") and two varieties of brioche (sausage and chocolate). Eight pastries set me back less than $20 before gratuity.Hungry vultures were waiting at my office, so I only managed to try the almond croissant and the chocolate brioche. Both were absolutely outstanding.I tasted the almond croissant first. At first bite, I had one of those moments of being transported to another plane by sheer virtue of the deliciousness exploding in my mouth. I literally had to close my eyes to block out other stimulus so I could properly savor it. The exterior was laden with slivered almonds and had the crispy texture of pastry that is coated with just a hint of carmelized sugar...the interior was buttery-moist and fragrant with the scent of almond extract. Pure heaven. I had every intention of just tasting a small bite, but I kept going back in the kitchen to cut off additional chunks.I had purchased three of the almond croissants, so I was sorely tempted to keep cutting off bites of those and pass on the chocolate brioche altogether. It couldn't possibly be as good. But I finally relented and took a bite - you know, for science.And whoa. I don't know what kind of chocolate they put in these, but it is fantastic - very intense and totally deserving of eating plain, which I don't say lightly. Chocolate is a very serious matter.La Boîte also offers a small selection of sandwiches at lunch, which I need to go back and try as soon as humanly possible. And to satisfy your environmentally-conscious side (you are an Austinite, after all!), La Boîte serves primarily local and sustainable products, including Owl Tree Coffee.Further proof that thinking outside La Boîte can lead to unconventionally wonderful results.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/18/2010,495,689,38,38,40>If you like mousse -- the dessert kind, not the Sarah Palin shooting kind -- then you must come down to Baguette et Chocolat and go nuts. I thought the only thing better than their chocolate mousse was their pear one, and I left there wondering how I could get both of them in a huge pie -- how do you say that nicely in French? I did get a contact taste of the raspberry mousse through a sliver of my companion's Charlotte (I didn't want to seem greedy with a bigger bite), but it wasn't enough for me to tell you if it was great too. I was tempted to get another one for myself, but occasionally I must succumb to pastry shop modesty in the presence of others. We didn't pop into this patisserie for a mousse high, we were impulsively curious to see what was left on a Friday at 5:00pm, and now we know. If you're one of those rare people who like to French at 7:00am, shoot me a pm, because I'd bet the aroma of freshly baked baguettes and a huge display case filled with croissants and colorful pastries is spectacular here in the early morning. Because of B&C's hours and location, it's a challenge for me to plan a weekday excursion to here, especially with a crepe specialist in tow. But when life hands you lemons, just make a tarte citron - they do, and I bet it's great. We'll find out.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,8/17/2010,88,115,20,26,33>I'm FROM Austin; born & bred.  I have heard, and seen, through the years the notoriety that spawned from the Cosmic Cowboy era.  Days when the Outlaws roamed around the city; Willie, Waylon, and the Boys.As kids, we dressed like we were extras from Kenny Rogers movie "Six Pack", and we roamed through Austin and made it the big city...small town that it is.  We WoodShocked before there were festivals.  We skated around the city, before Red Bull wanted to film it and call it "extreme".  We always had time for a friend, and always were happy to make new ones.The Crow Bar is what happens when good ol' Austin kids come home and make a bar; they make it RIGHT.Plenty of parking, AC, a gorgeous deck, and what seems like a, "Where you been?" attitude.  (In fact Leo, at the door, was already positive we were friends before I set foot on the entrance ramp.)  You almost expect to see Wiley Wiggins hanging in the corner as Paula Nelson walks through the door.  Yvonne is so sweet it gives me a cavity just thinking of her hospitality right now.  She's the kind Momma behind the bar asking you how you are.  Lindsey is a living doll, who refilled my drink without me even asking (on the house -- cause you're already like family).  These are the kinds of people you WANT to get to know better.  Thank goodness they have a place where you can do that.  It's called the Crow Bar.  Pry yourself off your sofa, & come on out and have a drink.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,8/16/2010,257,292,16,8,10>So I've never gone to Bingo before. The best lady-friend insisted that I accompany her to this joint. And on a day that is set aside for the Lord!!! We went to the counter where a woman full of character told us how the whole ordeal works and then we sat down at a table populated by the best people ever. Even with the colorful woman, I managed to still  not fully realize how all of this works. There's all sorts of stampers and highlighters and tricks and who knows what. That said, I became a bingo pseudo-expert in no time with the help of the bingo regulars at my table. The establishment kept talking about Elvis and Betty Boop and I don't understand that for a second, but I did win a free session computer for  the next time I go. Of course this means I have to go again. I half way wish I would have won a free hot dog, but you know. Maybe next time I'll win money!!! (Which is exactly the thought that keeps people coming back). It's BYOB, it's fun, and it's easy. And while there'll probably be people there who will laugh at your jokes, there will also be people who would stab you at the drop of a stamper.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,8/15/2010,150,65,5,10,7>So, there are 2 restaurants that start with the name "Korea".  One is Korea House, and the other is Korea Garden.  I used to get them confused, but then I made up this little mnemonic.  Korea House is next to the Alamo Draft *House* and Korea Garden is next to the Yellow Rose, so I think Yellow Rose *Garden*.  Hopefully this will straighten it out in your mind as well.This place has a few good things going for it.  First of all, it's in this cute little complex up on Anderson with a little pond with a gazebo next to it.  To get to the restaurant, meander around the the little complex until you see the pond and there is the restaurant, lit up and smelling good, beckoning you, helping you work up your appetite.  The inside, while not fancy, is warm and cozy.Next off, it generally has a good menu.  The Korean BBQ is decent, but that's not really what I'd order here.  My favorite dishes are on two opposite ends of the meat spectrum.  Because of this, this is a good place to bring a group of friends that includes die hard meat addicts and vegetarians.The first dish is their whole deep fried tofu which manages to taste healthy and naughty at the same time.  The batter is tasty and light and not oppressive.  The clean texture of the tofu comes through.  It comes with the usual plethora of Korean side dishes.  If you're actually a vegetarian, be sure to give them a heads up so they bring you appropriate ones to go with your meal.My other favorite meal is the yuk hoi bap, which is chopped seasoned raw meat served with veggies over rice bi bim bap style and is unbelievably tasty.  I think they use toasted sesame oil in it.  It is made of win.  In case you're worried, I'm pretty sure they freeze it before they thaw ans serve it to you which kills whatever needs to be killed.  I've never had any problems with it.  This plus some warm soju will set you right if you are under the weather.  Raw meat and strong drink may seem like a manly sort of thing to consume.  However, ladies, there are certain days that I can assure you this meal will definitely hit the spot. (The less said about which days those are in a restaurant review, the better.)Lastly, but definitely not least, is the sushi.  This is a decent place to get nigiri, but where their talent really shines is in the rolls.  I recommend anything with escolar, aka "super white" tuna in it.  I like the Diana rolls in particular.  I also recommend the music box rolls.The first time I came here was on a Valentine's Day date.  Asian restaurants in general are pretty good for Valentine's Day, I think, because most people seem to want French or Italian those days, so they aren't so crowded.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,8/14/2010,112,301,5,7,7>Vino Vino has a very unassuming entrance.  Really, if you weren't looking for it, you could easily pass it by.  Once you walk through the front doors though, the space is absolutely beautiful.  Gorgeous wood and racks of wine bottles everywhere.I met some wonderful Yelpers here for Happy Hour.  A few appetizers were half-price.  I had the fried calamari with chorizo tomato sauce.  A tasty combination.  However, both calamari and sauce were not very hot.  I tried some of the other dishes.  Delicious, but again... French fry - room temp.  Scallop - room temp.  Lentils - yes, room temp.  Call me crazy but I like my hot food hot.  Lukewarm just doesn't do it for me, especially for fried foods.  The basil ice-cream with local peaches, though, was perfect (and perfectly cold!).The service was fantastic.  Our server was sweet, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  She also split our bill without being asked.  Our water glasses were constantly being refilled, and fresh napkins passed around.  We felt relaxed and taken care of.  We didn't have to worry about flagging anyone down for anything, and instead could focus on interesting conversational topics such as Monica Belucci's lips.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2009,8/13/2010,250,195,13,13,11>Dear Jackalope,You elusive creature.  I don't know how I'd lived in Austin for so long without visiting you.  Maybe it's because I never go downtown, but that's really no excuse.  You are my kind of bar.  I had been told that by many people, but I guess I didn't believe.  I was in the area a couple of months ago for a job interview/lunch meeting and had some time to kill.  My companion and I came in to get out of the heat and have a cold beer.  I normally don't have beer before an interview, but it worked out anyway.  Happy hour starts early here, I was thrilled. I will be back, if only to sample your portabello mushroom sandwich and experience the nighttime Jackalope.  Oh, yeah, and also to prove I'm not a douche.  I mean, come on, I was dressed for an interview.  My normally nose-ringed, chucks, jeans and t-shirt wearing self was stuffed into pinstriped pants and a white dress shirt.  This was _not my fault_.  Yes, I will be back.Love and embarrassment,Jen
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,8/12/2010,259,232,14,15,11>Absolutely perfect. I had heard someone describe this as the "IKEA of French food" and that's maybe a bit true and maybe a bit harsh. I believe the perfect restaurant should be in a cozy old house, preferably a little out of the ways, and make great use of Christmas lights and outdoor seating whenever possible. Plus have a great outdoor sign. Plus have a sexy website with topless women in a bath tub. (WHAT! It means they're French and cultured, y'all.) All signs point to...Justine's. And I haven't even gotten to the food.This bistro could stand alone just on looks. It's like a cute girl who wears prescription glasses, thrift store sweaters, owns a lot of Serge Gainsbourg on vinyl, and happens to make bombass steak tartare. I usually expect French food to be pricey, and the atmosphere to be a little stuffy. Not here. The escargot we got as an appetizer was top-notch and freakin' $6.50. Plus they gave me extra bread to sop up that amazing snail juice.The Steak Tartare as my entree made me swoon. It's definitely a tiny dish, but everyone knows American's portion control is...well, out of control, and the smaller size made me savor every bite. Just be selfish and don't share it.And the crème brulée? Freakin' four bucks and fantastic. Considering I was in Austin, TX, in the middle of BFE and eating at weird, late, European hours...I was pretty dang happy. As French as ATX can get.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,8/11/2010,83,60,12,12,11>Dude, I'm shocked at the number of lukewarm reviews for my beloved Counter Cafe. However, looking over them, I feel the need to yell:GO HERE FOR BREAKFAST! Everyone talks about the burger burger burger, but ol' desayuno is where it's at here. THE BEST pancake in town, oh my god. With real maple syrup. And nitrate-free bacon (who knows what in the world that is, but the bacon is thick, oh so savory, and just crispy enough). Or the egg sandwich, with locally sourced ingredients and extra sharp cheese...fresh tomatoes, red onion and crisp lettuce...SRIRACHA on the counter to enjoy with my sandwich...Going out for breakfast is one of my favorite personal pleasures, and this place really takes the cake. Just an ooonch too pricey - but definitely a regular stop on my breakfast-out go-round. I'm usually at Kerbey Lane, but I'd almost always come to Counter instead if I could afford it.(And the coffee is delicious!)(And the strawberry and spinach salad is amazing!)I've used up my monthly quota of exclamation marks on this review. That's how you know I'm SERIOUS.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,8/10/2010,381,228,7,12,9>Trying to find nice Saturday brunch is like trying to find a good man who is also attractive and has a job.I was frantically trying to find somewhere new to take my mom for her birthday on Saturday and thanks to yelp, I discovered Annie's Cafe.Everything I tasted was delicious. Fresh squeezed orange juice that was by far the best I've ever had.The atmosphere and decor was fantastic! They even had French doors as the front of the restaurant that opened up to seating right on Congress. It reminded me of being in Europe. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient. When we got our receipt, we couldn't believe our eyes. Omelettes, fried egg sandwich and french toast, all $6 each. Fresh squeezed OJ for $1.50.  If you are looking for somewhere that appears fancy without the price tag that usually accompanies that, this is the place for you. Open all day Saturday! We arrived at 10am and there was no wait for a table.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,8/9/2010,85,129,7,10,7>If I was going on my memory of the county line from high school, I would probably give them three stars since a lot of their food (in memory) was very hit or miss.  But this is now! I got to preside over my good friend's wedding (call me reverend please) last night outside the restaurant. It was a short and sweet ceremony. They have a nice little white gazebo thats covered in vines that had a nice rustic feel with the lake in the background. They covered the outdoor area for us since the skies were dark and looming and had a pretty nice setup with all of the tables and tables cloths. So the food. It was waaaaayyy better than I remember it being. The pork ribs were nice and sweet with the meat just falling straight off. The beef ribs left a little to be desired, but I find that to be the case in most places. Brisket was OK, but they could use some more fat in there. The chicken was the pleasant surprise since it was juicy and full of flavor. Potato salad, cole slaw, and beans were all what you would expect but the bread! Sweet baby Jesus the bread was addicting. Eat it with butter, check. Eat it with BBQ sauce, check. Eat it with meat on top, check. Eat it plain, check. Eat the piece that fell on the floor, check (10 second rule!). All in all the food was probably a 3.5, but the service made up for the last 1.5 stars. It was my friend's big day and they made sure it was special and everything went off without a hitch and with a smile on their faces. I know it's not the best BBQ, but they left a good impression and I'll be sure to be back. p.s. You can buy loaves of their bread for $2.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,8/8/2010,288,258,6,9,8>I've been going back and forth on how I wanted to approach this review.  Usually, I like to try and be funny, maybe a little cool, and hopefully somewhat useful.  But this place is no joke!  So here's my review, straight up and useful.  1.  They take reservations.  I called to ask for a rezzy for 4 on Friday at 7:30 pm, the hostess asked if I'd like a table or booth, we went with a booth.  We showed up at 7:25, I gave my name, and we got the "Right this way" treatment.  2.  Our waitress was very friendly, although very quiet.  But we paid attention closely when she gave us all the specials of the day, including the three beers they had on tap.  She was very precise with our orders, too.  Not one of the several substitutions we asked for was botched.  3.  The food here will rival anything your granny's ever made for you with love!  My friend and I split the roasted chicken entrée, subbed sweet potatoes for whipped and ordered an extra side of Mac and Cheese and Braised Greens.  (We're big eaters and self-proclaimed foodies.)  I ate everything on my plate, tried a few bites of the bf's meatloaf entrée, and even ate a few morsels that fell on the table (I ain't care) because the food was THAT good!We managed to save room for dessert.  But by the time we ordered they were out of pie.  So we went with the Peanut Butter Chocolate cake, tasty, but I'm reserving the 5th star for the next time, when I get to try the pie or the French Toast.  I'm sure either option will be equally as stellar considering the food we enjoyed that night. I left belly full, heart happy, with not a thing to complain about.  Now how cool is that!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,8/7/2010,164,201,15,11,12>i never have a problem eating at mangieri's or ordering to-go. i can always count on consistent goodness. the crust isn't cracker thin, as some may prefer, but it is thin and light. they also cut the pieces into squares, which can be a little messier to eat, but if you want it in slices just ask. thin n light crust combined with small squares of food make for a full belly sooner than you'd think. **looks down at puffy belly, 3-4 squares too late**both the crust and sauce are plenty flavorful even before the toppings. there's garlic powder in there SOMEWHERE b/c after the meal, your breath (sorry i'll speak for myself... MY breath) is funkeh. but if funkeh breath is ever "in a good way", this is one of those ways.mangieri's makes up a fine wheat crust as well. it's actually quite tasty and although it is a littler grainier than the regular crust, it doesn't taste like "cardboard" at all. note to fellow foodies: although ordering for pick up or delivery may be convenient, i'm an advocate of dining in. i think the crust is a bit crunchier, and therefore better, than 5-10min later, after the drive home.note to mangieri's: i will never forget the time that your delivery driver nearly killed me on their way out of the shopping center. you're lucky i don't hold grudges. or actually... i do. but i'm reviewing your food and not your dumbass drivers.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,8/6/2010,485,555,32,19,26>me: Do you know why you're here?....me: It's hard to talk with a pair of gym socks in your mouth, yeah?....me: I only wore them twice since the last wash.....me: I'm kidding. I'll take them out. Does that feel better?him: (*cough*cough*) Yes.me: Okay. So do you know why you're here?him: No. I uhm don't even know who you are.me: Yes you do. You've spoken to me before. him: But..? I really don't -me: You've taken my order, several times. You work at Taco Deli.him: (*blink*blink*) I do... I... is something wrong? I mean, because how I'm tied down right now, and the -me: the sock, and the chloroform. Yes, dear boy. Something is wrong.him: ...because I promise you, I don't interact with the food. Miguel is the one who - me: No no. You're the one I want to talk to. About the cochinita pibil.him: Oh that's a very good taco! It's a very good, very good choice.me: I know it's a good taco. That's why I order it. him: It's a GOOD TACO!! I have nothing against that taco!!!!! WHERE AM I?!?!me: Calm down or I will restuff the sock ball down your throat. Okay?him: ...don't even touch the food, I just write down the orders...me: Listen to me. This is very important. I'm going to speak quickly and I need you to understand. him: yes, okay. Okay, okay.me: I once got a cochinita pibil to go. You have that cash register just for call-in orders, so I don't have to wait in the lunch line. And I just hopped over between meetings.him: Yeah, that's cool. That's pretty cool - ?me: It is cool. But when I got to my desk, there were no sauteed sweet red onions.him: That's just a gar-me: NO. NO. It is NOT JUST A GARNISH. It MAKES THE WHOLE TACO.him: ...oh God.... oh God...me: I'm sorry. I don't want to raise my voice to you. I want you to understand...him: yes. Yes okay I'll give you red onions, lots of them - do you want a bunch of the sweet red onions, because we can go over RIGHT NOW!  And I can give them to you, and - me: No. Shut up. When I called to tell you that my cochinita pibil was missing the sweet red onions, you said... you said they were just a garnish.....me: They are not just a garnish. Are you understanding me?him: (nodding) Yes, yes. Not just a garnish.me: They *make* the taco.him: Yes, absolutely.me: So if my cochinita pibil is missing the sweet sauteed red onions, you immediately begin mustering all of your human sympathy for me. Whatever kindness you have in your soul, it pours out through the phone into my ears.him: oh yeah, yeah, I don't know what I could have been thin-me: It's not your fault. You didn't know. I am telling you now so that you do know. Okay?him: Yes, oh yes. Absolutely yes. me: Because otherwise that taco is only pork. And it's yummy pork, but that's all it is.him: No, no, I can see how that would be devastating, absolutely.me: Yes. That's right. It was devastating.....him: Are you going to let me go now?me: Of course. You haven't seen my face, and I've been using this thing I downloaded to distort my voice.him: I WON'T TELL ANYONE ANYTHING!!!me: Are you listening to me? I said I'm going to let you go. But you need to do this for me.him: Anything. OH GOD!!me: You need to calm down. And you need to tell everyone to make sure they triple check every outgoing cochinita pibil...him: yes, yes, yesme: ...to make sure it has the-him: SWEET RED ONIONS!!me: That's right. The sweet red onions. That are not only a garnish. Very good.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,8/5/2010,462,751,15,13,12>Rah! The power, the pure power! Mwwwahaha!I'm talking about outlets, people, which Bennu has plenty of. Plus their internets is super fast, which is kind of awesome when you use it as much as most Yelpers do.The service was super fast and super friendly. The space is utilitarian without appearing so. That means, it functions super well as a study space, coffee shop, Internet cafe (Woah, the 1990's are calling and they want their phrase back!) without looking like a sparse, unwelcoming and brutal space. Instead the space is warm and inviting and seating is vintage and plentiful.They seem to have the same selection most coffee shops have of local pastries and brownies by local companies. My only complaint?CONVERSATION, ANYONE?!You would think by the silence that has befallen the room that our society is populated by mutes who's faces glow as they gaze into little screens. Anyways, this place needs a little more life during the day. Too much studying and too little fun makes Jack a boring boy.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,8/4/2010,141,127,19,16,16>I heard a statistic the other day that Austin has more triathletes than any other US city.  Lance Armstrong lives here. Downtown is closed almost every Sunday morning for some walk, run, or marathon.Clearly, there is too much healthy going on in this town.Enter Franklin Barbecue, giving Austinites and the world a reason to aspire to obesity. Seriously.  This barbecue is so good, you'll be begging for stretch pants. Franklin bbq has been taunting me for some time, as I can smell their meat smoking on my traffic-riddled ride home from work each day.  But it took me until this week and the Tasty Touring Trailer Tour to finally make it out, and wow.  Just wow.   The brisket was moist and incredibly tender, with a thick crispy crust and perfectly beautiful smoke ring.  The sausage was spicy and delicious as well.  The four different types of sauces available--well, they'd make even the most die-hard, meat-only Lockhart 'cue places begging for a squirt.Making this even better is how NICE the people working the trailer were. You can tell the pitmaster is loving what he does.  And we love him for it!  Only little thing I might knock like, .002 percentages of a star off for is that the sides--potato salad and cole slaw--just couldn't live up to the clear main star of the place, the meat.  But few sides could.  Skip the sides, order an extra rib, that's my advice.Last little tip:  go early.  Especially on Saturdays, they sell out by mid-afternoon.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,8/3/2010,168,161,22,19,17>This place crops up again and again as a good first date spot: women just want to come here.I'm thinking it might be a subtly emasculating choice: I don't feel I'm at the apex of my manly powers eating edamame. Still, if green decor, trendy clay teapots, the Domain, and $11 bowls of rice and beans are the accepted courtship ritual, so be it. At least my brother and I don't have to chase you through the countryside for days until you're too tired to go on -- that's what cheetahs do.Things I've had:Lapsang SouchongChocolate Chai Banana SmoothieThe Buddha BowlThe EdamameLapsang Souchong is a manly tea. It's smoked, so your table will smell like a campfire. This should subtly intimate your rugged character to your date, counteracting the soy-estrogen effect of the edamame.I had the other things in private. The vaunted Buddha Bowl was poor value; I'll try something else next time. The chocolate chai was a good way to eat a banana, but hopefully the matcha one I wanted will be available next time. Putting a banana in matcha is pretty sacreligious, so I'm down.Service has been outstanding. Same waiter each time, very professional and formal. I know it's Austin, but this particular employee is a major selling point for me; the hostess and counterstaff can be casual, but there's a substantial legacy to live up to for the staff in serving tea.So while the waiter upholds it admirably, the "new Asian" tones of The Steeping Room's decor and menu won't take the place of my preferred tea experience, which happens in a hotel or on a manicured lawn: three waiters, a cart, silver tea service, and tiers of sandwiches. If a tiger should come near, ring for the butler, who will dispatch it and then distribute restorative brandies.Now that's manly.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,8/2/2010,184,302,17,10,11>Veek & I met Dolomike and Anna for dinner, we'd been wanting to check out the new dedicated space for the restaurant.  While the food was - once again - delicious, the staff - once again - super friendly, I came away consumed by the hate.Specifically, the hate directed at me by my dining companions, for the sin of ordering the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.Listen, I love cabbage, always have.  From my childhood friends' mothers making stuffed cabbage all the way to the uber-delicious sauteed cabbage at BD Riley's, I am all about the brassica oleracea.My plate arrived piled high with my leafy desire, delicately sauced and the perfect blend of crispy and tender.  I was in heaven.And then the hate began.  For the rest of the evening I had to listen to the shrill nay-saying from people I care about.  So gentle readers, my suggestion is to eat here alone.  Enjoy what you like, without the chirping of those who's palate does not align with your own.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,8/1/2010,368,209,10,12,10>Max, the first time we met, it was under the glaring spotlight of a Yelp Elite event. Sure, you put your best foot forward to impress me and I, in turn, enjoyed the special treatment. Tonight was like a really good second date. Your ribs were tasty; your wine was luxurious and red (love Beringer) and your mac and cheese, yum to the nth degree. Y.U.M. I'm not sure if you dug me as much as I did you, but yes, I will go out with you again. Just keep wining and dining me like you did tonight.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,7/31/2010,188,425,7,19,13>Expecting something of a formal, expensive sit-down dinner, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed dining at Fabi and Rosi.  It wasn't just the food, but the price and the atmosphere were all bewildering to me.  Located in an adorable house off of Lake Austin Blvd., Fabi and Rosi is tucked away from the busy street, nestled into a lovely neighborhood-esqe area.  The small outside front area has a few bistro tables, which would make for a fabulous, romantic late night rendezvous.  Judging from the amount of people dining that Saturday night (including some high school Prom goers) I would suggest making reservations to be on the safe side.Once seated, we were kindly greeted by a very nice girl.  She confidently told us about the delectable specials of the night and took our drink orders.  This was the first glance of the menu and once again, happy shock.  The drink prices were totally reasonable.  Wine by the glass and beer were not marked up 123816204% you commonly find at nicer establishments.  We started off with the mussels - which I have to say, was a smart idea since you not only have those little suckers to fill you up, but you are left with a bowl of delicious mussel juice (as I like to call it.)  Bread and herbed butter is served while you are waiting for your food.  Save your bread and use it on the leftover mussel juice.  So, so good.We ended up with the special of the night - the hangar steak, the rainbow trout and grilled lamb chops.  After all the mandatory bites were passed around the table, I have to say personally I thought the trout stole the show.  Cooked perfectly, it almost melted in my mouth.  Served with a cucumber salad, the flavors were exquisite.  I wasn't very impressed with the risotto balls.  The rice inside tasted a touch bit hard, maybe slightly undercooked.  The other dishes mentioned received thumbs up and smiles from my dining companions.  To end the night, we all decided to splurge and partake of dessert.    Belgian chocolate mousse, apple strudel and a chevré tart, gingerbread crust, candied Meyers lemon  were delivered to the table.  Every single bite of all the selections were exquisite.  I've never had a chevre tart, and would honestly say i would like one very soon, accompanied with a few bottles of pinot grigio (hint, hint.)Our night ended with an amazingly fabulous dinner at Fabi and Rosi, which in turn, has earned them a new fan who will proclaim the pleasures of this place with unanimous approval.  Cheers!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,7/30/2010,150,124,13,13,13>Wow. Shocked i am at the other reviews. Especially considering that the genius behind this restaurant is no less than Stewart Scruggs of Wink...one of my all time favorite restaurants.Here you will find fresh, locally procured and prepared foods that change with the seasons. As if that wasn't impressive enough, they even make their own condiments: mayo, mustard, and ketchup and (holy bezejus!) their pickles, too! If that's not dedication, I'm not sure what is.We went for a rare, spur of the moment lunch date and I admit, I was initially surprised to see that my soup and salad combo was more expenseive than hubby's "3 Napkin burger" with fries and even more so when it was served. It seemed such little food and as hungry as I was, I was certain it wouldn't be enough. Seriously, maybe the men in black did come and perform gastic bypass without my knowledge (whatdya think, Jim C?) because the further I drove after leaving, the fuller I felt. Like, bordering uh-oh, what-have-I-done full.I had a butternut squash bisque soup. I scraped out just about every last drop from the bowl and stopped short of wiping it clean with my finger. The salad was mixed greens with fig and bacon in a mint vinagrette. The mint somehow sounded a little odd to me but with my waiter assuring me that if I didn't like it, he'd eat it for me, I decided to go for it. He was right. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, man. That shiz was tasty! Bacon is gooooood.I had a mini ciabatta with LOTS o' butter and so couldn't afford the calorie splurge known as dessert. (But you can bet I'll go back and have the chocolate flourless whatever....yum.)Ambiance was muted and slightly modern. I liked it (other than the obnoxious guy on his cell phone. seriously, dude...take it outside.)So to recap: amazing, wonderful, local, fresh, seasonal food. Service was super friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Pricing seemed more than fair given the quality. Afterall, I was quite surprised to realize our final tally was only $25. In fact, intersting tidbit: before realizing the total, I saw the tip amount hubby was leaving and had a sudden flashback to the first real date we ever went on where he tipped so emberassingly poorly (I played dumb) that the waiter practically blocked the exit and repeatedly queried rather loudly if there had been a problem, sir? are you sure, sir? you're certain everything was satisfactory, sir? Poor guy. He's come a long way since then and in his defense,  today he tipped 25%. Still a fantastic deal for a lovely, adult-style lunch. Rare in our case.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/29/2010,178,69,12,15,15>Any shop that stocks nursing bras that are actually pretty gets 5 stars from me. Nursing bras, for those of you who have not seen one, are usually pretty hideous-looking. But Special Addition has a solution - they stock Bella Materna nursing bras from Italy (among many other popular brands like Bravado). The bras are actually beautiful, comfortable and functional - and everyone on staff can fit you to a T whether you need a maternity, nursing, sleep or corset bra for pumping. My friend refers to her corset bra as her "Tron bra" - some Jean Paul Gaultier-looking weirdness, especially once the flanges are in. The staff definitely deserves 5 stars. They're very knowledgeable about all things nursing and baby-wearing. Moms and dads (yup, dads) who want to wear a sling can be fitted for the right sling and given a tutorial of some of the different sling positions you can use with baby by one of the staff. 5 stars also for carrying Majama nursing gowns with matching robes. They're so beautiful, you'd never know they are for nursing. They're super-soft and cute, and the sets cover you up enough so you can feel comfortable having guests visit at the hospital or home. I could not have made it past the first two months without these gowns because you pretty much live in your pj's for the first month or two, and you need something very soft so as not to...ah...rough up the girls. They also carry Japanese Weekend (another 5 stars) which sounds like something you'd buy at an adult novelty store...but are actually wonderful, fashionable maternity and nursing clothes. This place definitely takes the maternal out of maternity. Beautiful bras, clothes, night gowns, slings...Special Addition is one of those places that makes Austin a great town to raise a baby. So what is that...20 stars total? Yes! 20 stars it is.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,7/28/2010,989,456,15,6,7>My family swears by this store and has more running shoes than I ever thought possible. Asics, New Balance, brands I've never heard of...they have them all. If I ever do get off my duff to do any exercise at the gym, I still use Nike cross trainers that RunTex would probably laugh at. As for the sneakers I wear in public, the Louis Vuittons and (non-tacky) black Guccis are largely ceremonial; I couldn't run across a room in them. Even though you won't catch me circling Town Lake, I have been to the store when my brother needed more comfortable insoles. The place seems kind of big, and empty, with some sparse product displays. The older gentleman working at the register was busy ringing up a customer, so we meandered about for a bit before we found the insoles. Apparently you can take classes there(?) Some guy and his trainer were doing some stretches and balancing exercises off to the side. He must not be very self-conscious, because the last place I'd ever want to do my workout is in the middle of a freaking store. A cute dude off to the side ended up helping us. Very cute indeed. I dumped the Luby's Guy long ago, and I thought maybe I'd replace him with RunTex Guy, but there wasn't that much chemistry. He gave my brother a choice of two different inserts (he'd brought the shoes), and he tested both out. I love the little jogging corridor with the trees on the wall. I guess it's supposed to mimic a running trail. If they really wanted to complete the scene they should've had people doing naughty things behind the bushes. I took a look at the shoes, but I couldn't find any prices on them. Oh well, I wasn't that involved anyway, just bored. Seemed like a smallish inventory for a place that takes their running seriously. If I ever do get a pair of real running shoes, I'll definitely be coming to RunTex. Three stars for layout and service. one more because the guy was cute.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,7/27/2010,211,223,14,12,13>banana balls.  i have been searching for them ever since my daughter and i fell in love while at a resort in cabo.  such a simple concept.  take an otherwise healthy fruit, mash it up with some dough, deep fry it, and drench it in sugar and cinnamon or honey.  take that, mother nature.  in your face, healthy people!alas, the banana balls that we sought proved to be elusive once we returned home.  maybe they were just a dream...?so you can imagine my delight when i sat down at rio's brazilian and while perusing the menu suddenly like a beacon there it was: "banana pastel".  and while technically not a ball, this was what i'd been looking for. ay, mi madre.go for all of these reasons: good food, great service, free mimosas, nice little neighborhood setting.  just make sure you leave room for banana balls.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,7/26/2010,141,179,11,22,14>Ow. Yeah, I'm massaging a "tack" in my ear. Ow. It is connected to my liver. From my ear. And I can feel chi rush down one leg. Ow. This is good for me. Really.I went to TCTCM today for some needles at the student clinic. I believe in acupuncture; that it can treat a whole host of disorders and conditions.* And this has been my experience.So I've been feeling exhausted by stress. You know like STRESS? The you have two kids, you home school, your guy is finishing a PhD program and is on the job market, your mother's health is frail and needs to move in with you and does, you travel to do artist gigs because that's FUN but also exhausting, you teach a workshop and also curate a reading series at your house, you run out of money every month and you work a full time money job kind of stress?Student clinic. Twenty dollars a session. I'm not kidding. AND if you work for the state or UT you get FIVE dollars OFF your treatment. I'm not kidding. Intake is long and detailed. You can download the forms and fill them out ahead of time. I had two clinic students work with me to ask me questions about all kinds of things. Then pulse and tongue reading.My pulse has some slipperiness to it. Something weak in there too. I won't gross you out about the tongue observations. The students bring in the instructor. He listens and looks. Then they consult together in another room.The room I'm in is basic. There's woo-woo spacey music playing. No frills but does the job. I'm here for the needles, not the ambiance.  Now it's needle time. Only three were used as I am so responsive to treatment (intense! chi shoots across channels!); I love that my student clinician noted my reactions and altered the treatment accordingly. They also inserted the ear seeds or tacks--little pieces of metal held in place by adhesive. I had never had these before. They are more subtle than needles and can stay in place for a week. And then you massage the tacks to stimulate chi for that area. I have 5 tacks in right now. My favorite is the one to "calm the spirit".They also do "cupping"; my mother had this done for chronic pain and it helped her. Senior discount = $16 treatments. I'm not kidding.Free smoking cessation treatments!*The World Heath Organization (WHO) has listed the following systems, diseases and conditions as those that can be effectively treated with acupuncture:Adverse reactions to radiotherapy and/or chemotherapyAllergic rhinitis (including hay fever)Biliary colicDepression (including depressive neurosis and depression following stroke)Dysentery, acute bacillaryDysmenorrhoea, primaryEpigastralgia, acute (in peptic ulcer, acute and chronic gastritis, and gastrospasm)Facial pain (including craniomandibular disorders like TMJ)HeadacheHypertension, essentialHypotension, primaryInduction of labourKnee painLeukopeniaLow back painMalposition of fetus, correction ofMorning sicknessNausea and vomitingNeck painPain in dentistry (including dental pain and temporomandibular dysfunction)Periarthritis of shoulderPostoperative painRenal colicRheumatoid arthritisSciaticaSprainStrokeTennis elbowas well asAbdominal pain (in acute gastroenteritis or due to gastrointestinal spasm)Acne vulgarisAlcohol dependence and detoxificationBell's palsyBronchial asthmaCancer painCardiac neurosisCholecystitis, chronic, with acute exacerbationCholelithiasisCompetition stress syndromeCraniocerebral injury, closedDiabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependentEaracheEpidemic haemorrhagic feverEpistaxis, simple (without generalized or local disease)Eye pain due to subconjunctival injectionFemale infertilityFacial spasmFemale urethral syndromeFibromyalgia and fasciitisGastrokinetic disturbanceGouty arthritisHepatitis B virus carrier statusHerpes zoster (human (alpha) herpesvirus 3)HyperlipaemiaHypo-ovarianismInsomniaLabour painLactation, deficiencyMale sexual dysfunction, non-organicMénière diseaseNeuralgia, post-herpeticNeurodermatitisObesityOpium, cocaine and heroin dependenceOsteoarthritisPain due to endoscopic examinationPain in thromboangiitis obliteransPolycystic ovary syndrome (Stein-Leventhal syndrome)Postextubation in childrenPostoperative convalescencePremenstrual syndromeProstatitis, chronicPruritusRadicular and pseudoradicular pain syndromeRaynaud syndrome, primaryRecurrent lower urinary-tract infectionReflex sympathetic dystrophyRetention of urine, traumaticSchizophreniaSialism, drug-inducedSjögren syndromeSore throat (including tonsillitis)Spine pain, acuteStiff neckTemporomandibular joint dysfunctionTietze syndromeTobacco dependenceTourette syndromeUlcerative colitis, chronicUrolithiasisVascular dementiaWhooping cough (pertussis)
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,7/25/2010,474,618,11,12,12>Why send flowers when you can send warm, gooey, fresh-from-the-oven cookies? I was trying to think of something fun I could do for a certain someone who had recently received some good news. Home delivered cookies! Not only are they delivered, but melt in your mouth yummy! It made a happy day even happier. On this occasion, I ordered chocolate chip, sugar and butterscotch. Oh, the butterscotch, you might be my favorite.They were delivered within a couple hours of my order, and I had the option of adding a balloon. Because, who doesn't like to see a grown man walking around with a balloon?
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,7/24/2010,4221,482,23,19,20>How Now Brown Cow?  How does Fogo make you taste so good?  I'm so sorry for indulging at the expense of you and your friends, Brown Cow, but Fogo is so loco. I can sum up Fogo de Chao in three words:  Insatiable Protein Orgy. It was the last day for ARW, and there's no better place to spend it than Fogo de Chao.  Their $35 offering included everything on the menu plus dessert - - which is an incredible deal.  The place was packed, the hostess admitted that they had overbooked on purpose, I had to wait an additional 30 min after my reservation time, but once I got seated the amnesia kicked in very quickly.    The salad bar was unbelievable.  Smoked salmon, an array of cheeses, salami, artichokes, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus on steroids, a huge cheese wheel, and I couldn't get enough of that spicy basil dressing.  Everything was so fresh and top notch quality.  The Meat Orgy:  tops was the ancho chili rubbed sirloin, next was the special beef, then the filet mignon, garlic beef, crusted pork, ribeye, lamb chops, bacon-wrapped chicken and filet, pork riblets, and sausage.  I don't even think I got to try all of the available meats on the menu, but - damn - isn't that enough protein + iron already?  I had itty bitty pieces of each mentioned above and I can honestly say that I enjoyed them all.  Then the sides came (also included in meal):  caramelized bananas, fried potato cakes, mashed potatoes, and garlic / cheese rolls.  Fogo is on a mission to stretch out the lining of your stomach bag to the max, and on this night they were successful.  The Brazilian Limeade drink was exceptional, a bit on the sweet side but just add water and it's all good.  For dessert (yeah, dessert, we're not done yet) they ran outta Chocolate Mousse cake (bummer), so I went with the Turtle Cheesecake while my friend had the brownie.  The Key Lime Pie looked decadent as well - - you had about 10 dessert choices which was mind boggling.  Since we were close to exploding they allowed us to take the desserts home.  Thank goodness!  In the end I paid $50 (including tip + tax) for an incredible feast that was worth every damn penny.  Service was impeccable, several different waitstaff come around during your meal to check on you.  The Gauchos were all slick and quick w/ the meat carving.  They don't rush you out the door at the end of the night  - - stay as long as you want w/o getting pestered.  My only request:  a hammock would be nice, and then maybe a wheel barrel to help roll us out the door!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,7/22/2010,199,518,6,8,8>I finished moving in 100 degree heat and I couldn't be bothered going to HEB that's a couple blocks close to me. So I decide to go to the Whip In. It's definitely a place to go when you don't like to go to HEB and all you need are organic food and all the drinks galore. It's definitely worth the trip if you don't like crowds.Also there's live music too.  In the times I've gone during the evening, there was an acoustic guitar playing all kinds of music.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,7/21/2010,739,709,38,27,26>Finally got to check Chen's out for lunch today.  I've had it bookmarked for some time now and went in armed with confidence on what I wanted to order thanks to Yelp.  I also knew the place would be small and it was "packed".  Packed being about 15 people.  At the order window, I very confidently ordered the leek pancake and the beef noodle soup.  Then I grabbed a cup of hot tea and sat down at a conveniently vacated table.  Here are some things I learned the hard way at Chens:1.  Do NOT wait until you are at your breaking point hunger-wise to come here.  At 1:00, this was my first meal of the day and if you are like me, I tend to get grumpy, impatient and shaky if I wait too long to eat.  Everything is made fresh here and it took about 15 minutes before I got my leek pancake to nibble on (it was delish btw).  Also the shakiness did not help me in trying to eat my soup noodles with chopsticks which leads me to 2.  Do NOT eat here with anyone that you've known less than 5 years or that you are trying to score with.  Eating these long, tasty  soup noodles with chopsticks can get ugly.  Especially if you are chopstick clumsy like I am and shaky from hunger.  The end result is, you have to lean way over your bowl and shovel that stuff in your mouth with some of the  slippery noodles swinging around as you slurp them in, splashing broth everywhere.  Which brings me to 3.  Do NOT wear white while eating here.  Nough said.4.  Do NOT depend on hot tea to quench your thirst from hot soup.  And today they were out of water on the condiment table.  I coulda attempted to change their Ozarka bottle out and embarrassed myself further by sloshing water all over my broth splattered shirt, but I just bought a coke from the cooler of shame instead.5.  Do NOT sit facing the dining room like I did while you sloppily eat your soup, imagining how all the other patrons, mostly Asian, are noting your incompetency at something simple like chopsticks.  Instead, pretend like you understand Mandarin and face the TV (and the outside windows) like you're interested in the show.  6.  Do NOT come here with any pretensions.  This food is good and messy and wonderful and I spent the entire time laughing at my attempts to get it in my mouth.  The noodles have great flavor and texture and the beef was super tender.  Somehow I managed to get most of it eaten and I have to say, in the end, it was worth all the trouble and embarrassment.  I would do it all over again.7.  Finally, do NOT plan on doing anything productive after eating here.  In particular, don't try to go to Costco for wine and salmon like I did.  I sloshed around the store so full and miserable I couldn't EVEN try the samples.  In fact the chicken teryaki smell was making me nauseous.  I will definitely be back to try the stir fry noodles and won tons.  Practice makes perfect.  I WILL BE THE NOODLE MASTER!!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,7/20/2010,148,257,3,14,10>i went with mike b. and friends to uchiko for the soft opening yesterday, and it truly surpassed my expectations. i love sushi from the likes of musashino and mikado and have been to uchi quite a few times by now, so my bar is pretty high.i was first put off a bit by the parking situation. the main lot is narrow and was completely taken up for valet, but this caused problems in traffic flow for most cars. i'd move the valet to the side lot instead. i was super impressed with the clean, simple lines of the building and how open it was; very different from the enclosed garden you walk in at uchi. the contemporary interior is juxtaposed with vintage aspects like an exposed brick wall. it's very well lit with gorgeous fixtures, but the atmosphere still felt pretty intimate.the host was very helpful and put together tables for our party of 6, and our waiter came over right away. he set our expectations that they are still training and experimenting, but this was completely unnecessary, things ran very smoothly, and the wait staff was very attentive. on to the food! i truly enjoyed most of the things i sampled. lucky for the half off deal, i got to try alot! cold: koviche - super fresh scallop, great limey tang, and perfect crunch when paired with the crunchy chip. akami te - big eye tuna + watermelon - they are the same color, so don't get confused and eat them in the same bite! wonderful pairing and completely refreshing. most of the cold tastings left my palate feeling this way. job well done! hot: the bacon sen was very tasty, and i don't even like that dish at uchi, so it was a delightful surprise. the ko dofu was simple but very flavorful. the soft tofu itself doesn't have a ton of sauce for flavor, but the brussel sprouts, cauliflower, and broccoli were lightly battered, fried, and sauced, yielding a balanced combination.grill: i def recommend the wagyu momo. the meat is so tender, and it goes really well with peach. i don't even like red meat or steak usually, so i was again surprised that i liked this one. sushi: all of the fish is high quality and fresh. the most notable ones were gyutan or beef tongue - loads of flavor, maybe salty for some palates but amazing to me, and the hotate was also delicious - scallops and avocado! the rolls aren't great here. i liked the toledo roll with the crunchy garlic chips, garlic puree, and almond with big eye tuna, but i didn't love it. would love to see the rolls get more range in flavor and intricacy - especially because they are meant to be eaten in one bite, meaning no soy sauce, wasabi, or ginger. didn't do it for me.ok again, half off, so we ordered every dessert except the tobacco! someone try this and let me know because it's the strangest combination of ingredients, and the richest in flavor. i LOVED the sweet corn sorbet and the fried milk. both are on the sweeter side with a bit of crunchy, cool, and soft textures. the chevre fondant was delicious - goat cheese mixed with vanilla, but the tomato sorbet was strange and sour tasting. i really did not like the fennel pollen in the grapefruit sorbet at all. the sorbet was very refreshing, but the fennel pollen killed it for me. needs for improvement: these plates are so intricate and need to be experienced in a specific way. the waiter didn't take the time to explain how to eat each dish, although they did explain what everything is. i'd like direction on how to eat it to make sure i get the right taste! the parking flow/valet situation could be improved.impeccable service, great atmosphere, and of course, complete bliss in my stomach! i will be back again and again :)
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,7/19/2010,354,138,6,19,17>I was lucky enough to catch the premier of Julie & Julia a couple of weeks ago.  Julia Child, the subject of the movie, can be called Le Cordon Bleu's most famous graduate.  I love French cooking, and the movie had me drooling for something, anything of that influence.  The Culinary Academy is poised to offer great food for a reasonable price with the mutual understanding that it won't all be perfect.  That said, your expectations will be heightened after a visit to their fine dining establishment, mine certainly have been.  This seemed a great alternative to putting my self in the poorhouse for food.  In true joi de vivre form, I set out on my journey to eat more than my share of butter and vegetables, maybe something unique, and I would hope, a delicious dessert.I was pretty pleased to find that the Ventana, TCA's fine dining establishment, serves two menu options, the Pre Fix Menu and a Menu Formule.  The Pre Fix menu is $18 with three set courses, The Menu Formule offers any 2 items for $15, any 3 for $20, and any 4 items for $25. I grabbed a copy of the menu so my Yelp readers could see what I was about to subject myself to eating in this one visit.  I started with a glass of presecco, and made sure to preorder a glass of the Rhone syrah.  I was going to taste as much as I could if it killed me and I might need an afternoon wine buzz to do it.Warning: Some gluttony ahead - proceed at your own risk.Appetizer:Grilled Chicken Brochette with Quinoa Tabuleh -Citrus marinated chicken breast, zucchini, onion, bell pepper, fresh tomato coulis, parsley oilThis was a tasty kabob, a good appetizer, not my favorite part of the meal, but a fine way to start on my path down Le Rue Saveur.Salads:Salad Maraichere -Field greens, grape tomatoes, apple wood bacon, fried goat cheese, roasted shallot red wine vinaigretteMediterranean Stacked Spinach Salad -Roasted tomatoes, marinated mushrooms, pickled onion, kalamata olives, chopped egg, feta cheese vinaigretteThis was a very good salad. Everything I like in a salad, with pickled onion, wow.  The egg and feta cheese gave this salad a nice creamy texture.Main Course:Pork Milanese with Arugula and Asiago Cheese -Olive Oil, garlic, tomato, capers, lemon and basil, sautéed arugulaI had to have a couple of pieces of the pork with cheese, the pork was a little dry.  Good ingredients on this plate.  I am a total sucker for arugula sautéed or wilted, put it on the plate and I will be fixated.Pan seared Yellowfin Tuna -Citrus risotto, green asparagus, lemon thyme butterThe tuna in butter was great and was nicely complimented by the citrus risotto. Dessert:Kaffir Lime Panna Cotta -Blackberry compote, candied Lime, blackberry sorbetBrown Butter Cornmeal Financier -Mascarpone black pepper cream, candied pistachios, basil syrup, strawberry-basil frozen yogurtBasil syrup and candied pistachios decorated this plate complete with a corn cake that was slightly sweet.  Basil in a dessert is the kind of experimentation that I had been hoping for, and I was pleased to get it by the end of the meal, this was something to try.Candy Bar -Flourless chocolate cake, salty peanut caramel, bitter mousse, dark chocolate sorbetThis was my favorite dessert.  As rich desserts go, this one had all the decadence I was looking for and what the French are well-known for offering.  I didn't know where to begin with the range of chocolate on this plate so my spoon darted around the plate stabbing greedily at everything.Finir.My meal had come to an end, but not before I reminisced over a double espresso all the plates of food that few were lucky enough to see intact as they were delivered to my table.  Did I mention the food was all nice to look at also?  They didn't skimp on the presentation, so even where some things needed improvement in the pan, the appearance of the food helped me forgive them for those misses.  I didn't need much forgiveness honestly.  I don't usually yelp about service, but there is nothing that compares to a properly trained French server.  The student servers were attentive and knew how to take cues.  I hadn't realized the student chefs were expected to know how to serve, but since a fine dining establishment is part of the TCA LCB curriculum, I was becoming more familiar with the type of nuts and bolts education they were getting here at Le Cordon Bleu.  Tips go to a scholarship fund, so the students are most responsive to mutual respect.  The menu changes every six weeks, so I wouldn't expect to get some of these dishes again.  Overall I would rate my experience a four for their dedication to Le Gastronome.  This gourmand was pleased with his choice for restaurants, and I would venture to say that the value you will find here will give you a reason to check them out.  They are open for lunch and dinner and I look forward to trying the Bistro on my next visit.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,7/18/2010,467,441,7,9,12>I've been excited about visiting this place since finding out that they have cucumber martinis.  Tried to visit a while back on a Monday or Tuesday night, only to discover that they were closed.  Well, I finally made it after a trip to Frank this past Saturday.Felt slightly odd walking into the place in a witty tshirt and jeans, but my insecurity dissipated quickly.  The bartenders wear fancy schmancy white button downs and black vests... and jeans.  Once again, so Austin-tatious.  I also, after watching Russell (the Hardest Bartender in Austin... referencing Tara H.'s review) make several drinks, completely understood the laid back attire when he managed to  toss a couple bottles through the air, splashing himself.  Is that a run on sentence?  Moving on....The cucumber martini was fan-frakking-tastic!  I decided to sample other drinks as the evening progressed.  Since it wasn't too incredibly busy, I had no qualms about asking for specially made tasty adult beverages... and because my friends were doing so, as well.  Russell is a frakking GENIUS!  He asked about spirit preferences (don't ask for vodka... they will likely refuse to serve vodka) and flavor profile preferences.  After some tossed bottles, chilled martini glasses, sliced fruit/veggies, separated eggs, and freshly squeezed citrus-ing... I was presented with some awesomely tasty beverages!  A couple of them were actually on the menu, but some of them were not... they were Russell's works-in-progress.  BTW, he's also the bar manager.  My companions and I were brilliantly taken care of.  He attended to both her gin/sour tastes, and his tequila/slightly more sweet tastes... adding the occasional jalapeno and red pepper.  We also had a cheese plate.  Nothing really stood out, but I just love cheese and pretty much any of it makes me happy.Not sure about the douchebag factor on weekend evenings, I'd like to think it's a hidden gem... but I sort of doubt that.  Seems a great place for a date, or just an afternoon after late lunch go-to place with friends with varying tastes.And, if you haven't already figured it out, ask for Russell.  He's awesome.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,7/17/2010,232,273,9,13,11>These are my confessions. I've never ordered a cup of coffee here. I've never eaten a single bite of there food. I don't know how clean their bathrooms are. And I couldn't tell you if they host any community events here. So what the hell was I doing here you ask? Only purchasing the coolest new dessert ever! Cake in a jar! I repeat, cake in a jar! Step aside cupcake lovers because cupcakes are out, cake in a jar is in! Two weeks ago, the local business, the Cake Plate, released their newest dessert creation and basically its gourmet cake with liquor moose, liquor creams, or fruit fillings baked in a mason jar and all you have to do is dig in with a spoon. This is the only time that I think convenience may be a bad thing because this means I can eat it in the car or throw it in my purse on the go and eat it wherever I please. The friendly staff at Austin Java told me that they get shipments in multiple times a week. The small 8oz jar sells for $6 while the large is $8.25 and is 16oz.The cake jars are only sold at Austin Java and Mangia Pizza locations. If you want a list of the flavors you can check them out at thecakejar.com before you go to create a purchasing strategy like I did. Refrigerate after opening and keeps for about a week. The Austin Cream Pie was good, but the Fuggedabodit was better! BTW, the staff here was incredibly friendly and took time to chat it up with me about my new obsession.So if you don't find me out at Barton Springs this summer or if you catch a wiff of something sweet in the movie theater, now you'll know why.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,7/16/2010,704,840,20,21,22>As I lovingly carried our ripe and ready to use 18 year old Balsamic vinegar to the car, I realized the year it was bottled our son was one year old and still in diapers. It should be no secret to you that it takes much, much longer for boys to mature. A few things that are a mature 18 years old this year:The Colorado Rockies baseball teamMy mother's BuickGlenfiddich Ancient Reserve ScotchThe Mountain Laurel tree in the yard at our first homeEnough of the walk down memory lane. I'm here to tell you about a wonderful new food shop in the Arboretum.  My inner Italian goddess felt right at home with the rich and flavored olive oils and the luscious and sweet Balsamic vinegars offered to patrons for tasting. Ciao y Grazie!  How ideal to taste a product before taking it home.  Didn't you, uh, "taste" your significant other before bringing SO home?Tabatha and Jeff Conarko, the owners of Con' Olio, greet you and escort you to the oils and vinegars.  You immediately sense the couple's enthusiasm and love for what they have created. They are extremely knowledgeable about the products they sell and there is no pressure to purchase anything.  Strolling through the shop I noted several gluten free pastas and (drum roll please) gluten free gnocchi!!  Can I get an Amen?!  Other goodies line the walls in small groupings such as balsamic strawberry jam, orange balsamic glaze for meat, body cream and soap produced from olive oil.  Decorating the space are beautiful framed photographs of vegetables, foods, wine bottles and Italian scenes by Nancy E. Krueger for sale.  Arrivederci, Bella!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,7/15/2010,521,315,7,13,11>The only problem with this place, it is not close enough to where I live... Apothecary South guys! Please!!!It has been 6 months and I am still in mourning over the closure of Central Market's A-22 wine bar. I found Apothecary late last year when a friend took me to a press event there. I have been back a few times and it does not disappoint.Wine... loads to choose from, various price points, and they carry Prosecco... a big plus for me. Great Happy hour... 10 bucks off a bottle, $1 off a glass and Sunday and Monday they are happy all day!!! YAY!!!The food, I have sampled a few things soup, paninis (I love the smoked turkey and brie with apples and honey), bruschetta, cheese and meat plates, and spinach artichoke dip... all fabulous. Perfect portions - not too much or too little. Great prices - with some HH specials on a few items as well. What makes this place cool...It is warm and inviting with a very intimate setting and some of the best personalities behind the bar in Austin. They also have free wi-fi and are dog friendly on the patio. All in all... a great Austin stop.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,7/14/2010,160,195,13,17,12>Absolutely divine...Strawberries and kiwi sauce on sushi, what the ____.......Strawberry roll*, you're unique take on flavor combos threw my entire palate off.  My mind was telling me I was eating a sexy piece of strawberry shortcake but WAIT, is that.....omg yes shrimp tempura.... I cant even describe the freakin party in my mouth.  I just cannot comprehend how such a small morsel can pack such a punch of different combos... sweet,sour,crunchy friedness, salty moist.*See photo*  (so fresh its not even on their menu on their website)Anyways, here's the lowdown.  This awesome sushi place is tucked behind Maggiano's, immediately paired next to Dillard's.  I understand the other locations that I've talked to people about (5th street & Dallas) were just not good or up to par with the prices you're paying. My visit definitely justified every dollar I spent.  We started with an entire bottle of Lychee Sake that from start to finish tasted like juice.  To start, we ordered the Tuna Tower, topped with avocado, spicy tuna, habanero masago and lovely wasabi sauce.  They mixed in three types of caviar (tobiko.)  It was definitely fresh and tasty.  The wasabi tobiko caviar just brought out so much flavor from the tuna, and provided just enough heat. Loved it.The other roll we ordered was the LIR roll, just to get a feel for how fresh the fish is here without all the smoke and mirrors of sauces and tempura etc etc.  The spicy tuna and salmon in this roll was perfect.  Great texture, so fresh and simple.This Sushi Zushi is definitely well-managed.  Our watiress was awesome and in addition, another waiter and the manager made sure we were fine throughout our 2 hour visit.  This is the best sushi I've had in a long time.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/13/2010,124,118,14,16,20>For the same reason I still love Justine's, I also love Uncorked. The later you wait to get here, the better it , and you, seem to be. Every time I visit this great patio after the sun goes down, the Austin skyline puts on its cocktail dress, I-35 turns into a sea of light, my face looks younger and the wine tastes better.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/11/2010,431,381,23,16,16>I absolutely hate twangy country music and/or anything that suggests the City of Dallas or Dallitude.  After all, I spent my first twenty-three years living there (minus nine months in N'awlins), so can you blame me for hating it?    Lisa M. told me one of her Meetup groups was going to Dallas Nightclub tonight, and that a certain nice, stable divorced 36-year-old guy would be there, and she wanted to introduce me to him.  Possible love connection beats musical and city hatred, so I RSVPed yes with a different Meetup group that was going.I was worried I would feel completely out of place at Dallas because of what I was wearing.  I don't own spurs, or 10-foot circumference belt buckles, or a ten-gallon hat, or even skinny tight jeans, so I figured I was in trouble wearing bellbottom jeans, stiletto sandals and a come-get-me top.  And yet, less than half the people at Dallas Nightclub were dressed like Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.  We're off to a good start!I found Lisa right away, and we each grabbed a drink and settled into a couple of chairs abreast the dance floor.  During the next couple of hours, Lisa did the boot-scootin' boogie with a lot of guys.  I was amazed that I got asked to dance nine times.  Unfortunately, I said no each time.  See, really the only partner dance I can do at all well is dirty dancing, and there wasn't any of that going on... not until later, at least.  So I had to explain to each potential dance partner that I only dance well alone, and that I have no earthly idea how to two-step or any such nonsense.  They were all very polite, though.I noticed a guy on the dance floor who danced exactly like Ralph Kramden.  If you have no idea what the hell I'm talking about, click here: youtube.com/watch?v=CQOL  It was pretty cool.Lisa's masher was there.  I was familiar with her review, so I was really interested to get a look at this guy.  A Lady Gaga song inexplicably came on.  Wow, what a socially awkward bundle of spastic dance moves that masher was!  Lisa and I watched as he made a mockery of rhythmic bodily movement by doing some sort of uncoordinated jumping jacks (Lisa's description).  And then he would twist his waist around in a very awkwardly wide, slow, painful-looking circle.  Lisa said he had told her that he was working on a stand-up routine to perform at Cap City, and she was convinced his seizure-like dance recital was part of it.  Well, once the three of us got to talking, I asked about his Cap City thing.  He talked a bit about it and started spazzily dancing again, at which point I jokingly asked if his dance moves were a part of his act.  He was a bit offended.  Yeah, I have my social gaffes, too.  The three of us ended up dancing together to "Sexy Back", and Mr. Masher kept getting in Lisa's way as she was trying to twirl around.  Poor Lisa.  But at the same time... Heh!Oooooh.... drinks!  Drinks are cheap here.  I got two bloody marys for $3.  And they were actually quite good, too.  Small, but good.  Spicy.  Verra verra spicy.I can't believe I actually had a good time at Dallas tonight.  The country music was even tolerable.  I'll probably go back someday, and I might even be tempted to learn how to two-step, just so I won't have to turn down so many dance invitations.Oh, and that guy that Lisa wanted to introduce me to?  He never showed, but I ran into some other Meetup friends and had fun until the bloody marys started singing me a lullabye.I'm glad I no longer have to drive 200 miles on a boring stretch of highway to go to Dallas.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,7/10/2010,91,169,8,12,11>Truly a five star meal. Other than finding out after the fact that the lamb fries I sampled off my friends plate were actually lamb testicles (!!!), everything about this meal was spot on. And really, the lamb balls were actually pretty tasty. Just goes to show that you shouldn't knock something tell you try it!The real star of the evening for me was my gnocchi with goat sausage. My plate was a symphony of balanced flavors; sweet, savory, tangy, and yum. Go to Olivia. Try something you might not think you're adventurous enough to try. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,7/9/2010,322,621,9,14,10>Three seasons later, and I'm still happy I Got Mow.Got Mow shows up on the appointed day with nary a miss (only twice for excessive rain on my designated day).  Like Dej M., I'm on the every-other-week schedule with Got Mow.I particularly want to note that they are reasonably careful around shrubbery and flowers.  The only times I've seen them nick something is when it should have been trimmed long ago anyway.  Same is true for other yard objects, like hose reels and such.  No, I don't trim my hoses like I should, either.  Thankfully, neither do they.They do a good job with my St. Augie, which I have sadly neglected for a couple of seasons due to family issues.  They mow one time one way, the second time perpendicular, and the third time diagonal to keep from leaving ruts.  I've very satisfied with their mowing, edging, and blowing.I haven't used any of their extra cost services because the $85/hour with one hour minimum advertised price scared me off, but Dej's review has encouraged me to reconsider next time the hedges need trimming (and, they kinda sorta do now).  I'll update if/when I pull that trigger.Best of all, no grass mustache.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,7/7/2010,235,378,23,9,15>Ok, I've had at least 2 strange encounters here.  The first one, I ducked out of work early on a Tuesday to meet a friend.  When we arrived, it was early so other than us the only other patrons were a long table of people dressed as safari animals.  Zebras, giraffes, monkeys, etc... In these circumstances I sometimes find its better to not ask questions.  Who knows, these people may be into some bizarre fetishism that I don't want to get involved in.  Eventually they left and regularly dressed people came in and it all seemed really surreal and I wondered if I had imagined the whole thing.   The second started out similarly.  I snuck out of work early to meet a friend for a drink.  It was early and we were tucked into a little corner.  Again, I think we were the only people in the place.  We are in some deep and meaningful conversation, when I notice a dude roll in with a baby carrier, complete with baby.  I comment to my friend, "Who would bring their baby to a bar?" but before I finished, a couple walks in with a sleeping baby in their arms.  My friend and I look at each other quizzically as we are suddenly descended upon by parents and their babies.  Eventually the Hideout was full of babies of all different shapes and sizes.  Some just brand-spankin-fresh-from-the-oven-new, others toddling around cute as can be.  Some were crying, some were laughing and cooing, others were drooling and a few were sleeping.  As I looked around, I thought, huh-I never fathomed I'd be in a bar full of babies.  As a side note for all those concerned-the parents all seemed very attentive and responsible-they weren't boozing it up, it seemed more like a new parent meet-up or something.  Cheap drinks, friendly staff, great jukebox, nice patio, decent food, and close to my house.  What more could a girl ask for?  Darts, Ms. PacMan, board games, and sometimes movies on Wednesday nights.  Oh, and apparently friendly to babies and people dressed as safari animals.  Sold!
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,7/5/2010,41,66,5,8,11>We bite our thumbs at you, Flying Saucer, for attempting to infiltrate our neighborhood...to even HINT at infringing on the turf that belongs solely to Draught House.  For, though your stagnant menu boasts of a breadth of ales and lagers, it is Draught House that wears the pub crown of central Austin, not you and your underdressed minions.Jabs aside, Draught House is still holding down the fort for beer selection with a unfathomably large menu that seems to change every few weeks.  The house brews are more hit than miss, and the guest brews range from the best of bitters to the smoothest stouts.  If you're looking for a Miller Lite, head elsewhere, but if you have an adventurous palate this is your place.The old-English decor is a little vacation from the dull, neighboring buildings, and the inside does have a European authenticity to it.  That being said, people generally tend to sit outside whenever they can (the inside can be a bit cramped).Draught House fills up pretty easily, so the more in-the-know visitor would be wise to bring his/her own chair to camp out in the parking lot on weekends.  It's not as lame as it sounds, I swear.  We're not talking a UT tailgate here.I've read a few reviews about the service, and while I don't think the bartenders are rude, they aren't going to ask about your day, either.  If you'd like to try a beer, they're happy to oblige...as long as there aren't 8 people in line behind you, which does happen on weekends.Draught House is relatively expensive for a bar/pub, but if it's in your price range it's a great place to chill out with a Scottish Barley Wine or a Belgium Sour Ale that you've never heard of.  Plus, your alternative for nearby pubs is the Flying Saucer.  Enough said.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,7/3/2010,392,291,21,8,12>So Shannon broke up with me.She found out that I had fooled around on her with another coiffure back in July when I was part of the Yelp StyleXplosion, and now Amanda (the coiffure in question) works at Method. There was really no way I could talk myself out of that situation. I tried to explain it was only one time, but it was too late. I had broken her heart. Actually, she wasn't too broken up about it and she confessed to me that she had been dating her brother for a while now. Not her actual brother, but the guy I had once assumed was her brother. She felt bad for not telling me sooner, so she cut me a deal where she would play matchmaker for me. The idea seems pretty genius. She knows all the good stuff about me, like how I have the most awesome "guy hair" in Austin. She probably has around 5 female clients a day who she also knows all about. Voila! She is also keeping a photo of me on her mirror, so when girls sit in her chair they can ask "Who is that stud?"So not all breakups are bad. I'll still allow her to cut my hair. I'll still let her buy me beers when I see her at the bar. It's kinda like that saying "When you close one door, someone just gonna break your window if they want inside bad enough."
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,7/2/2010,476,262,23,34,28>A couple very special people in my life decided in the past 4 years that this is their favorite restaurant in Austin and that we will now eat here for all celebrations in which they get to choose the location. I am not in a position to argue.  I have been here about 12 times... Mother's Day, Father's Day, Mom's Birthday, Dad's Birthday... and have discovered my own favorite meal in Austin. Here is what it looks like:Three Course Tasting MenuFIRST COURSEChipotle Lobster Bisque with a Parmesan Puff Pastry Crouton (I was disappointed with the amount of Lobster on our last visit. One bite does not a Lobster bisque make... the bisque is tomatoey and peppery - very tasty.)orTossed Garden Greens, sweet and spicy candied almonds with marinated tomatillos and roasted poblano lime dressing. (The dressing combined with the marinated tomatillos and spicy candied almonds bring a sweetness and a saltiness that I quite enjoy.)Paired with Riesling - 2007 Charles Wiffen, Marlborough, New Zealand This is a surprisingly peppery wine that complements both the Bisque and the Salad very well... so whichever you choose, it will be a great start to your meal.Not long after sitting we received a gift from the chef - amuse bouche - a Wild Boar tartlet with peppered cranberry chipotle relish to get our taste buds working.  Before the first course a hot bread and homemade butter combo is usually presented... the most recent was Chipotle honey butter and garden herb butter with Pumpkin and parmesan bread toasted with pumpkin seeds - all made in house.ENTREE is paired with a Pinot Noir ~ Block 906 2007 from California's North Coast.Hudson's Surf & Turf (take special note of the ampersand &&&&&)Espresso, Chili Chocolate rubbed smoked Elk back straptopped with Gulf Coast Crab and a lime chipotle beure blanc~AND~ (not OR!!)Hot and Crunchy Trout atop a mango jalapeno aioli finished with an ancho sauce.For a couple years I was stuck on the Elk Backstrap and would have that as my main course every visit.  I now like the variety of the elk combined with the Trout.  Every time... the elk melts like butter in my mouth and the taste of the chili chocolate warm tender meat is just shy of a public groan.  The hot and crunchy, spicy and mango sweet trout somehow enhances the soft tenderness of the elk... DESSERT paired with the Garnacha Evodia 2007 from Calatayud SpainChambord Chocolate Mousse with legs of fudgeorWarm Spring Berry Flambe atop homemade vanilla bean ice cream $45 or $65 with wine pairingsOn our last visit we also tried the home-made Chocolate Macadamia ice cream with freshly baked chocolate chip cookie.  All made in-house and tastes fresh and decadent.Time and money well spent with two of my favorite people.  Makes me think that, hey, if I had a gun, I would shoot it.  If I had a fishing pole, I would cast it.  If I had grapes, I would crush them.  If I had $65 I would spend it...
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,7/1/2010,235,240,5,5,3>A group of 6 of us went here last night for a friend's bday. The food was so-so but the service was pretty great. A friend of mine custom ordered some sushi rolls and they had no problem whipping those up.I would recommend sitting in the traditional Japanese tables. Those are the best. For my friend's bday, the waitress brought her half an orange and a pair of chopsticks "from Japan". The package of the chopsticks indicated it was from the 100 Yen shop which is the Japanese equivalent to the $1 store here. Hilarious, but also a nice gesture.As we were wrapping up with our meal, a group of five girls sat next to us and were doing sake bombs. The restaurant manager (a woman who reminded me of a very strict teacher) came over and berated them and continued to stand there for minutes saying the same thing over and over to them while they just sat there and apologized. It was a bit overkill. Usually people only need to be told these things once and they'll stop doing it.Other than the mean teacher experience, this place was pretty awesome and I'll be back.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,6/30/2010,184,184,12,15,13>ARGH.  I have been waiting for months for this place to open up and when it finally does you people pounce all over it!  I'm convinced you have to set up camp to get "first to review".For the benefit of anyone who was confused by the name, "lick it" refers to their custard-style ice cream and "bite it" refers to their cupcakes.  The ice cream is thick and smooth, and all the flavors I tried were true to the name.  The cupcakes are the more dense pound cake style, which I prefer over super-light cakes since I feel like I'm getting something substantial.  I had the lemon with cream cheese icing.  It had a tart flavor without being overpowering, and the icing was nice and rich.  The artwork is actually corkboards where you can decorate your own cupcake liner and tape it up.  I didn't make one of my own this time, since someone had illustrated one of Newton's Laws and I think it's kind of hard to beat that.  My other favorite thing was the adorable display cases for the cupcakes.  They reminded me of brain jars you'd see in a 50's B movie.  So cute!Er, now that I think of it, maybe it's a good thing I didn't get the first review here.  I'm thinking my unique outlook on decor might not be doing them any favors.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,6/29/2010,446,557,12,12,14>If you wear the I Love Sno Beach t-shirt on Friday, you get a free small sno cone.  Guess who ate a free sno cone yesterday! That t-shirt will pay for itself in 10 weeks... Seriously though, this is one of my favorite summer treats.  Sno Beach is often busy, but the girls work efficiently so the line moves quickly.  And they make the best "rainbow" in town.  The colors are quite distinct.  It's not actually the an optimal flavor combo, but it looks awesome. Best combo so far--wedding cake + hill country berry + cream.  Delicious!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,6/28/2010,271,233,9,16,12>I have been anticipating the opening of StrEat since October 2009, and on today, June 2, 2010, they finally opened their doors. I had their food at Big Bubbles and Reds as well as Tour de Vin.  I was thoroughly impressed both times.  After a good hour on the elliptical this morning, I jumped in the car to arrive at StrEat at 11:03 am.  I was the very first customer in the shop full of new employees hustling around with first day preparations.  StrEat's menu is extensive with a collection of street foods from around the world.  I already had their bunny chow (wonderfully flavorful with simple ingredients served in a bread bow), and a Mexican chicken stew (I didn't see it on their menu today).  I decided to try their Indian chicken curry (4.99), Vietnamese crepe (5.99), and chocolate peanut butter pie(3.95).  Since I had a coupon from one of their previous events, my bill was only 10.95.  My friend, Carla, joined me ordering the Thai curry and fried egg rolls.  The Indian chicken curry was absolutely fabulous.  Something about the dishes made it seem like comfort food, even if it was your first time trying it.  The curry wasn't at all spicy hot, but full of spices and flavoring.  the only thing I didn't like about was several large chunks of ginger.  The Vietnamese crepe is not like a French crepe with a filling.  It is like a crepe with seafood cooked into it.  Small shrimp, calamari, and fish were embedded through out the crepe.  It was served on a bed of green lettuce leaf, onion, carrots, pickled diakon (I think, I only had a small silver), and cilantro along with a fish sauce.  I loved the crepe, but I was confused on whether or not I was supposed to eat the lettuce leaf.  I ate it anyways.  The chocolate peanut butter pie seemed downright American.  It was topped with a layer of chocolate over a light and fluffy peanut butter filling.  The other desserts there were sesame balls (traditional Chinese dim sum item), Tres Leches Cake (Mexican dessert), and Lemon Tart.  They also had cupcakes, but for some reason, the frosting on the cupcakes wasn't so attractive.  I think they could have used a bigger frosting tip for the size of the cupcakes.  The serving size of each of the savory dishes are enough for a light lunch or heavy snack.  This is a perfect place to take several people and share the small plates.  I might do just that.  Or I might just order three things for myself again.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,6/27/2010,143,66,11,6,13>Haiku for Uchi:delightful fish swimthen are pulled to the last lightcreme caramel please
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,6/25/2010,315,273,9,15,15>Moving.  It's for the birds, right?  WRONG!!!  It's for the Unicorns!!!I could not be more thrilled with their services.  I had Kendall & Tyrone as my movers and they were a dynamic duo.  I have never seen anyone lift cumbersome/heavy pieces of furniture like mine single-handedly.  It was incredible.  I had my Grandparents in town and we were actually entertained watching them make something that would have done us in look effortless.My Grandfather had to inspect things (you know how it is).  He reported that everything was meticulously packed once on the truck.  He was thoroughly impressed and I have to say that is really saying something.  I also need to add that Kendell & Tyrone have the patience of Job.  My little street is surprisingly, highly trafficked.  They had to close up the truck and move it either 3 or 4 times at the new place as they tried to unpack.  They weren't even phased by it, they'd just go back to unpacking like nothing even happened.They were punctual, polite, professional, and positively awesome.  I do not look forward to moving again anytime soon, but when I do, I'll be using Unicorn.Thank you, Unicorn and thank you Kendall & Tyrone for impressing my Grandparents.  That alone is worth far more than 5 stars in my book.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,6/24/2010,253,502,6,13,10>I'm a sucker for good sweet potato fries and Black Sheep Lodge didn't disappoint. They're super crispy and just salty enough. With a side of the whole grain beer mustard, they're pretty amazing.My burger was pretty darned good too. I'd probably put it in my top 5 in Austin. I slathered it in that beer mustard for an extra kick. The environment is pretty standard bar, but with cooler graphics. The beer selection looked pretty good too. The prices seemed pretty standard as well.Bonus points for the guy who came out of the back when he heard us talking about GTL. If you don't know what that means, you aren't watching the right shows on TV.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,6/23/2010,103,112,12,8,7>Imagine this.  It's Friday night.  You may or may not have been to a speed dating event the night before.  Which may or may not have been a rescheduled attendance because the last time no girls showed up.  And it may or may not have been just to get out of the house.  In any case, you don't have a job.  So what do you do?  You attend a meetup event, "Looking for job leads under the pretense of a young single"Unfortunately I didn't have any sushi, because I missed the happy hour (see previous sentence) which is from 4 to 7 and 8:30 to close.  But I did have the fried calamari, and I like the way they make it.  Very lightly fried, and the calamari is easy to masticate.I think I can only go as high as 3, because of the non traditional layout ie lack of shoe cubby/sitting on the floor.  But +1 for having a sushi happy hour
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,6/22/2010,90,161,3,15,15>We tried NoRTH mid week and it is a very inviting place. Being on a corner and with the openness of the layout you get a very comfortable feel inside and the patio looks great as well although we dined inside.Started off with a few drinks.Blackberry Fix, Cruzan light rum, smashed blackberry's over crushed ice. $7 . Succo di Bacca, Cane rum, fresh strawberries, lemon juice, fennel syrup, topped with Moscato di Asti $10. Both very goodWe split an appetizer of the Crisp Calamari, baby Arugula, grilled lemons, $11. Probably the best Calamari i have had, not chewy, very flavorful. I could have ordered another and made my meal of these.I chose the Sea Bass as my entree.Sea Bass, Creamy Polenta, Tomato Confit and asparagus $26 Beautifully presented dish with the asparagus hidden under the perfectly cooked fish. The Polenta surrounding the fish was wonderfully creamy and i thought went great with the bass. Also we had the Strozzapreti, mushrooms, Spinach, toasted pine nuts, Parmesan cream $16 I got to taste this pasta dish and it was very, very good. If you enjoy pasta's you should try this.Overall i really enjoyed the experience here. Joshua, our server was very easy and fun to talk to and offered great service and choice recommendations.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,6/21/2010,348,383,8,15,13>Frankly, I am stumped. Odd Duck is truly an odd duck for me to review. I looked at the menu and the day's offerings and felt like I would hate everything. Blue corn grits, duck eggs, pork belly, muenster cheese quesadilla . . . it just sounded all so, well, "odd."So this morning, I am happy to report that everything I tried above was truly delicious. It's just one of those times I needed to step out of my food comfort zone and was rewarded with a culinary delight! That pork belly slider is a small but tasty variation on an American classic. I received a warning on the strong tasting Muenster cheese quesadilla. I didn't mind though. It was Muenster. And my wife, the cheese hater, loved it. Note To Self: I need to expose her to more "real" cheese rather than American and mozzarella!And this food is such high quality and a reasonable price as well. We got out of there at around $22 after ordering 4 items and a Mexican Coke. My wife has been asking me to take her here since i told her they had duck eggs, a common staple of Chinese grocery stores. She liked Odd Duck's duck eggs, but she is not used to eating ANY type of soft egg. It has to be fully cooked for her. So I think next time she might request that it be cooked a bit longer. Personally, I think that would take away something from the dish. My wife also asked the Odd Duck staff if they had any actual duck meat, and the answer was perhaps in a few weeks. I think it would be cool if in the summer they had some actual ducks running around! Poor ducks. Too cute to eat!Some here have mentioned that the portions are a little small, so you might have to order extra.  I am just going to say, that's what Gourdough's is for right next door! I can see these two trailers having a nice symbiotic relationship off each other for years to come! We should have a combo donut that's topped with pork belly! Or a duck egg! Does that idea get you salivating? We'll be back soon. Good job Odd Duck on that rotating menu. It's keeping us all intrigued!EDIT: I just keep returning. I can't stay away. They have earned that 5th star now. There are promises of duck meat next week just for my wife!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,6/20/2010,325,414,9,12,16>You know what's better than having a menu printed up each day?Having a menu printed up with your name on it! Yes! I walked in and was greeted by name and shown the menu with "happy birthday jess" nicely printed at the top. I don't know if other patrons had the same menu, but i don't care; it sure made me feel special.Our server was wonderful. She was honest and real, not hoity-toity like you may expect at a place like Wink. She was super nice and her recommendations were perfect ( both food and wine).The menu is never the same, she told us, but knew the style of cooking well enough to know what would be to our liking. Besides the amuse busche,  I started with the rabbit ravioli. It was good, but I'm glad it was only an appetizer. For dinner I had the quail with polenta and arugala tied together with applewood smoked bacon. I tried a few bites of other people's dinners and they were all good.Dessert was the dessert trio. The lemon thing was amazing, as was the creme brulee. The el rey chocolate was a bit rich for my taste.Awesome service always bumps up reviews in my mind. The service was awesome, but not so "In yo' face!" Mark had all our  names down and probably could have told us the name of any one in the small restaurant. It's a great, special little place and I was so glad to have celebrated my birthday here with so many special people.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,6/19/2010,76,280,10,14,10>I am so glad Torchy's decided to open their Suburbia location. I freakin love their tacos - and they've got several vegetarian/pescatarian options. So far, I've enjoyed the Baja Shrimp, the Migas, the fried avocado and the Mr. Pink (seared tuna), which isn't listed on the website. Ok, I also enjoyed the Dirty Sanchez, but saying that feels, well, you know.. dirty.. One warning: service can be really freakin slow when they're busy, like weekend mornings and afternoons. Really freakin slow. But they do take call in orders, so call it in. You'll be glad you did. Pay close attention, and you'll spot several of the people standing in line on their cell phones, calling in their orders. Seriously, it gets that freakin busy.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,6/18/2010,310,185,8,22,18>The bartender knew more about food than most servers I have met.I met the bartender in a bar, a few weeks before this venue opened.  I overheard her talking about food--in particular a dish with chicken and fontina cheese--in such delectable, mouth-watering detail that I assumed she was a chef. When I inquired, I noticed the stack of training materials labeled "Maggiano's" next to her.  She explained that she was in the midst of (rather extensive) training to work at a new Italian restaurant.  I asked her how long she had been a chef, and she corrected me--she was in training, but as a BARTENDER.A bartender, a BARTENDER, weeks before a restaurant opening, waxing poetic about several dishes to come, conveying each tasty detail in such a way as to make me hungry, though I had just eaten.OK, you have my attention.  Any place that takes this much care in training bar staff in the cuisine is already doing something right.  [Aside: this happened at the height of the Urban An American Grill  pre-opening review shill scandal.  I was struck by how much better an approach to drumming up interest this unintended, unforced, organic encounter over a beer actually was].  I made note of the opening date, and planned to visit.  Dad's Italian, and I grew up eating his and his Mom's cooking, so I LOVE good Italian food.I ate there last Monday, on a very quiet night, by myself.  I sat at the bar, and was pleased to see my bartender there and smiling amidst the dark wood, lush fabrics and gleaming bottles.  The atmosphere is dark, clubby, casually elegant.  The bar and dining room are quite pleasant, yet still Austin--I felt perfectly comfortable in jeans.I had a glass of a delightfully full-bodied Coppola red, and some Calamari to start and both were delicious.  The calamari was apparently marinated in advance and quite tender, lightly breaded and delicately fried--a guilty pleasure, but I do love it.I almost went for the Chicken Fontina dish on the "House Signature  Dishes" section of the menu, or one of the amazing value 2-for-1 "Today & Tomorrow" Pastas (get one for dinner at $12.95, take another home for tomorrow night, like eating at Grandma's house) but with a thumbs-up from Virginia behind the bar, chose the Crab & Shrimp Canneloni.I am glad I did.  It arrived, with a peppery Ravenswood Zinfandel alongside, baked surface-of-the-Sun hot, with an Asiago Cream Sauce and giving off the most mouth-watering aroma.  It did not disappoint.  It was one of those meals that had me stuffed about 2/3 of the way through but which I could not stop eating.  Delectable.As I lingered over the Zin and ordered an espresso, I couldn't help but notice the tiny dessert menu--the menu was large actually--but it featured tiny tastes, even a sampler of tiny tastes, of each dessert.  I settled on a little Apple Crostada which arrived hot and delicious in a small espresso cup.  Just enough to satisfy the sweet tooth.The meal was excellent, Virginia's service pleasant and attentive, the wines by the glass attractively priced and well-paired and the espresso passable (needs a bit of work).  I look forward to returning with a group and trying the family-style coursed meals, or one of the "Today & Tomorrow" pasta specials--perfect for leftovers.Welcome to the neighborhood Maggiano's.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,6/17/2010,79,81,19,17,19>So I have a grandmother who has Alzheimer's, which admittedly sucks, but the disease also provides occasional notes of levity.  Like the time we were moving her possessions to my aunt's house: room after room of the most awesome and useless stuff, ordered from innumerable direct sales shows on television.  It was sad, and touching, and hilarious.  If my grandmother had different, less grandmotherly taste, we could have opened our own store.  Unfortunately, the market for porcelain trinkets and hand-powered flashlights is not what it once was.Thankfully, we all have Uncommon Objects for those things we didn't know we needed until we stepped into the store. I never suspected that I needed a vintage leather suitcase, but it makes a damn fine plant stand and dog chew-toy. Just as one of my carpetbagger friends never knew that she needed an old Bob Wills record, but she definitely did.I love this store-- it's one of those places I feel comfortable shuffling around for hours: peering into bins, flipping through records, looking at forgotten photos.  And to some extent it reminds me of my grandmother, still very much alive, no longer ordering things from QVC.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,6/16/2010,212,150,31,21,22>Ho. Ly. Shit.Flashback. (Doo-deelooo....doo-deelooo....doo-deeloooo)I may have had one or two adult beverages last night, and so on this rainy Saturday afternoon a greasy burger sounded perfect. I had heard about Your Mom's and thought I'd give her a whirl.I pulled up to the tiny building right behind Las Casuelas and parked. Two people were in line to order, and it made the little place seem packed. I walked in and the phone kept ringing as soon as cashier put it down. Word, it seemed, was getting out.I ordered and paid, but wait! My bill was $18? Oops, said the guy. But he already ran my card. Would I just take some cash to balance it out? OK, sure. I walk outside to a table.Weird old guy is behind me. Kind of giving me the stink eye. I notice a few groups of people have filed in. The place is certainly packed now. A table of bros (they may or may not be douches, but I am trying to stop being judgmental) is right next to me. People are hovering like vultures for my table and I haven't even gotten my food yet.20 minutes later, I haven't EVEN GOTTEN MY FOOD YET. Alright, now with the combo of weird guy, bro table, table-hawks and no food, the fact that the TV is blaring NCAA softball is beginning to tick me off.I walk inside. "Hey, can you just pack my order up to go when it's ready?""Oh, dude, it's just up now!"Hmmm, it's all magic and shit! I'm not really buying it."Well, just wrap it up then. Thanks." The dude was friendly, but I was kinda over it.I hopped back in my car and just drove to a nearby park. I made a bee-line for the covered bleachers. I sat down and opened the bag. I shoved two fries in my mouth.Ho. Ly. Shit.I took a bite of burger. I stuffed more fries in my grubby mug and then more burger. I made a spectacle of myself except that I was alone and no one could see me.Five stars including all that awkwardness. That's how good Your Mom's burger is.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,6/14/2010,231,205,5,12,9>One of the owners of Avenue Five asked that I come back in after my abrupt appointment cancellation, so I did, happily. Once again, I am thoroughly pleased with the experience I had, and adored my stylist, Jaclyn. I knew we were going to hit it off right from the get go. I'm a redhead, and it can be very difficult, and sometimes a little scary trying to select a red/copper/violet shade combination that is going to work and match the previous one. It was a collaborative effort between Jaclyn, her instructor, and myself, and I like that they listened to my concerns and addressed them before beginning. I only have a few critiques: the color was not completely removed from my scalp around my face (not sure if any protector was used) and my blowout could have been a little more artful, but I'm still happy. What I have today is a bright, shiny new shade on my head, and Jaclyn has another notch in her belt towards becoming a pro. Well done.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,6/13/2010,611,369,18,14,17>From the outside he doesn't look like much.  Uber-simplistic, uber-modern, and seemingly another one of those "Metro" guys.  I can handle it, I appreciate posh, clean aesthetics as much as anyone else, but there's got to be more.So I look inside, dig deeper... Go... Farther...  (previous sentence to be read in late 90's car commercial voice)He brings me flowers in little vases that are tastefully set around his sleek yet comfortable space.  He likes to play games, but adorable board games and not sick, head ones.  His kitchen is stocked with wine, beer, coffee, and... just for me... more sugar-free syrup options than any other coffee joint in town.  He knows I like the sugar-free almond, and being a girl who's always trying to diversify my cup, he makes sure I have the options of softening it up with more than just "soy" or "skim."  I guess I just like almond milk with my almond.  He understands.  I'm on a kick.Sometimes he sneaks exquisite salad dressing for me from Paggi House, seeing as they're just next door.  When I want delicious locally made teas from Tea Embassy he makes sure to keep plenty on hand, including my favorite, "Almond Cookies."  It's not just my obsession with all-things-almond lately, it's more so my appreciation for elegant loose leaf green tea flavored with real nut bits and supporting local businesses.   Lift just gets me.We haven't been seeing each other that long, but i think I want to make it official.  Lift, will you go out with me?
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,6/12/2010,324,543,7,11,14>What's to love about Thunderbird?It brings a little character to an uninspiring stretch of 2222/Koenig/whatchamacalit.The drinks are spot-on 19 times out of 20.The Grover sandwich is delicious.It's cute.People are friendly.Wifi is reliable.The art on display is usually great. What's not to love:Most of the chairs are uncomfortable.The music can get too loud.I miss living a block away, I really do.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,6/11/2010,204,582,8,8,10>So fun!We checked out some roller girl action a couple weeks ago and I have to say I'm glad we popped our Cherry-Bomb with flat track derby. Because as Eugene Struthers would say, banked track derby takes it to a WHOLE NOTHA LEVEL! The bouts are held at the Palmer Event Center so already you know it's for serious. Inside they have the track all set up and your typical concessions, merchandise, and a live band. But they kicked it up a notch with two announcers in matching red suit-n-ties, bad ass skating, a Penalty Mistress, and cheerleaders. I'll address them in order: The announcers were posted up high overseeing the game in a booth - they followed the game but also made funny comments here and there - very entertaining. You could even email them questions directly. The game itself was fast and furious. Banked track was much faster and way more aggressive than the flat track derby. Girls were slamming into each other, causing two to four girl pile ups...a couple almost flew over the rails. Major and minor penalties were called frequently. The penalty mistress was Mighty Aphrodity and while she was generally obnoxious, she was scantily clad and a crowd pleaser. I guess in banked track derby, minor penalties are resolved by spinning the wheel and determining a resolution method by "official" means such as Pillow Fights or  Arm Wrestling. Pretty awesome. There were some "legit" methods like a Skate Off, but in that case both girls still ended up rolling around on the track fighting. Finally, the Putas Del Fuego had their own cheerleaders: The Flamers. Who were indeed, flaming. (And by that of course I mean, they were on fire!) The team consisted of 2 guys (one sporting a Mohawk with red glitter - totally awesome), one gal, and a tranny. They had shimmering pom poms, fabulous makeup and sparkling signs, and when the Putas were introduced they even had a choreographed dance! Worth the $13 admission right there. Speaking of $$, I will say that this event is a wallet sucker. However, there are some tricks to avoid this, thus I will not minus a star: Buy online, it's two dollars cheaper. Do not park in the $7 event lot, park on the street and walk over. Drink beforehand, because Lone Stars are over $5. Two page "programs" are $1, so just get one and share. Halftime is 45 minutes, so cruise over to El Chile and grab food and drink. The season is underway and you can bet your golden boy-short clad butt (over ripped fishnets of course) that we are going back...with posse in tow!PS. If you aren't a Mad TV fan and didn't get the Eugene Struther reference, check out youtube.com/watch?v=RkJh. Good for a giggle.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,6/10/2010,58,529,16,22,11>My husband is one of those men who will not go to the MD until he is knocking on Death's door.  Then he becomes a total baby.When I finally got the okay to take him to the MD, I loaded my man-baby into the car and zoomed up to ARC.  He was checked in as a new patient, seen and out the door within 30 minutes.What I was impressed with was that we did not handle one sheet of paper.  The woman at the front desk took all his information verbally and plugged it into the computer herself.  Then when it came time to get a script, it was sent electronically to the pharmacy of our choice.Dr. Queng was great.  He was young and thorough.  He even gave us the tip to go online and get a $15 coupon for our prescription.  Sweet!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,6/9/2010,724,628,9,38,26>"Honest."That is the word my friend Penny used to describe the dishes emanating from El Naranjo, a new(ish) food trailer that has garnered some serious buzz since arriving on the scene about a month ago. Indeed, just a few minutes of visiting with owner/chef Iliana de la Vega helped me understand the element of her food that so spoke to me, but that was so hard to put my finger on:"I cook as if I'm cooking for my family," she said. "I've just expanded my definition of 'family' a little."Yes, the meal we shared here - under the trees, in the rain, tended to by a welcoming Chef de la Vega, who insisted on pulling dry(er) chairs out for us from under the awning of the house where her trailer is parked and wiping them down herself - spoke of community, of tradition, of family. For me, the mole in particular - a rich, complex concoction tasting deeply of chocolate, paired with tender pork - evoked a feeling of comfort that seemed somehow larger than the dish itself.We also sampled the molotes, little cigars of corn masa that were stuffed with either chorizo and potatoes; or plantains, black beans and cheese, then fried ($4.25 for three), and an order of tacos, one al pastor and one cochinita pibil. At $4.50 for two generously-filled tacos, these are the bargain on the menu.  We crowned our meal with an order of fried plantains with cream ($2.95).Despite the modest surroundings, Chef de la Vega - who previously owned an acclaimed restaurant in Oaxaca  also called El Naranjo and who is currently an instructor at the Culinary Institute of America - takes as few shortcuts as possible, making most everything from scratch. The one exception to this, at least at the moment, is that they purchase their tortillas - but that may change in the future when they have more space (they are hoping to eventually open a restaurant in the house where the trailer is currently parked).El Naranjo is showing Austin, once again, that remarkable food can be found in the most unexpected places. I loved everything we tried here and am thrilled that Chef de la Vega and her family have decided to expand their definition of "family" to include Austin.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,6/8/2010,495,689,114,56,89>Unless you're the father of a teenage daughter, this story won't make any sense. Consider clicking forward to the next cool bar review, and I'll catch you in the latest thread. No worries. So if you're still with me, you need to know my only role in my daughter's wardrobe is to pay for it. And twice a year, we'll do a day trip to the malls, where I spend the time waiting and carrying things. But that's okay, it's a good day for both of us. So when the ex called to arrange the replacement of our daughter's Victoria's Secret bra collection, I wound up having the following casual father-daughter moment--note the deft and masterly use of father techniques I've accrued over the years: Me:   "You like Vicky's Secret? Their stuff hold-up well?" She: "They're okay." Me:   "Supposedly, there's some place around Northcross that specializes in the perfect fit and form for women. Might be worth a look." She: "Really?" Me:   "Probably can't hurt. At the very least, they may have a handle on some decent essentials, like a basic nude, a strapless, a good sports--" She: "How do you know this?" Me:   "Well, I'm your father, it's my job to--" She: "Did you get this off of Yelp?" Me:   "Uh--" She: "Okay, I'll go, but you can't come with me." So I gave her the $250 Petticoat Fair gift certificate I'd bought earlier, along with their informative brochure and the instruction to sign-in at the counter when she arrived. "Thanks, Dad, this is pretty cool..." I'll probably not know what happens. But that's okay. It's what fathers do.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,6/7/2010,94,126,10,8,8>It was absolutely gorgeous today, so we headed out on the bike for a bit of chow. I heard this place did a decent brunch so we thought we'd give it a shot. A nice enough morning to sit outside so we grabbed a table on the patio and then attacked the buffet (around 14 bucks each). Good variety of breakfasty stuff- I started with jalapeno sausages, bacon, biscuits and gravy, and migas. Juanita had salmon in lobster sauce and fresh fruit, so her plate looked fresh and healthy. Mine looked like a meat apocalypse with a side of eggy armageddon. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Well, with breakfast done; it was time for lunch. On the second assault I hit the carving station and got some prime rib that was still mooing, with some nice horseradish sauce. I threw some scrambled eggs on the side and did the steak and eggs thing. With more biscuit and gravy. And bacon. There's also an omelet station and an angioplasty station. They have bottomless mimosas with brunch, but I stuck to the java since we on the Harley. Brunch with coffee and OJ ran us around $45.00. I can get a good, artery clogging breakfast closer to home, but it was a very pleasant ride down here. Now, why do I have this pain in my arm...
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,6/6/2010,257,292,11,12,6>You ever wish you could eat healthy, local, and organic foods at home but still be lazy and exert no effort? Then thank the star marshmallows in that bowl of lucky charms because Snap Kitchen is here and I, for one, am already on board.A lovely "plus one"-er at the Elite party gave me a comp card for a free entrée and after checking out their website I was pretty excited to drop by. They scrubbed the grease off the walls of the old Fish City Grill location at the Triangle and filled it with with a clean, bright atmosphere with delicious single serving breakfasts, lunches, dinners, desserts, and snacks. They've got plenty of beef, pork, and chicken options as well as a number of vegetarian and vegan choices. All of the meals are labeled with their nutritional information and what categories they fit in (ie: vegan, gluten free, etc). I had the jalapeño hummus and the chimichurri grilled flank steak w/ roasted parsnips, carrots, poached radishes, and braised fennel. The hummus could use a little more jalapeño but it's still probably my new favorite hummus. My entrée was delicious and don't let the "small" label portion deceive you because it's very filling.  It's an easy, grab and go operation and will give us all a great alternative to taking frozen dinners to work every day. The service is great and there's even a registered dietitian on site.  You should definitely be checking this place out soon. And if you do it soon, you can even capitalize early on the "OH, SNAP!"s or "It's a snap!"s that will be no doubt eventually be filling Snap's reviews.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,6/5/2010,81,207,9,11,10>Hem Jeans Groupon Expiration Date: TodayTime to shop: 1 hr until closing by the time I busted through Mopac trafficImpression upon arrival: Hmmm, maybe other Grouponers realized this thing expires today (seemed packed for a small store)Me: Grabbing any jean in sight in my size. Shorts, capris, boot cut, wide flare, skinny, and ridiculously skinny jeans.Me in Dressing Room: nope, NO, oh hell NO (when trying on some Jeggings), uhh maybe, what tha?..No Pile, NO pile...tiny Yes/maybe pile...I was trying on jeans like a machine. I probably had 12 pairs on my first run and the selection was pretty good for the amount of women scavenging through the racks and display tables. The people there were VERY helpful. At one point I tried on a pair of skinnies and was highly confused, BUT with the trusty help of Alison (maybe that was her name?) she informed me that I had on "slouchy skinnies"..is there such a thing?? With 20 minutes left, I had already gone for another round. This time I ventured into the recycled jean selection. Another 15 pairs to try on! I know what your thinking..recycled?? EWWW. Never fear, these jeans are laundered and to be honest they looked pretty darn new to me. The sales reps were really nice and helpful. Since all the dressing rooms were already occupied, they offered to open up the clothing store next door for me to use a have ample time to try on every pair I had grabbed on my 2nd run through before closing. I got checked on a couple of times and brought different sizes. I never felt rushed, nor overly smothered by the sales reps.I ended up with a pair of AG Jeans. Recycled. With my Groupon, the jeans cost me $50. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me. Yea, yea some of the other jeans are way pricey, but I'm going by my 1 hour speed shopping experience. Designer jeans for cheap, great non-rushed service and my own private dressing room? Yes Please and Thank you!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,6/4/2010,62,69,8,11,11>If you could be anything what would it be? If you were a restaurant would you dress up and be fancy or would you be a drive thru? Would you be the latest rage or would you be well worn and comfortable in your own skin? We confront that question daily as we navigate through our life. Restaurants and other businesses wrestle with this question as well. What is working, what isn't, what to do. Hills Cafe is one of those places that has become comfortable in its own skin and is part of the fabric of Austin. Established in 1947 as part of the Goodnight Motel, Hills Cafe was originally operated by the family of Charles Goodnight, former rancher and Texas Ranger. Goodnight is best known for inventing the chuck wagon, rounding up and herding feral longhorn cattle as well as  making a treaty with Quannah Parker. The restaurant has grown into a sprawling live music venue with interior seating as well as patio seating under majestic live oaks. My last visit to Hills was with an old friend who is also getting comfortable in her own skin. We sat in the booth labelled "Willie Nelson, Red Headed Stranger". The back of the menu states in large letters "Where the Elite Meet to Eat". The food is comfortable and suits a casual lunch or large group dinner. Prices are moderate and service is attentive. Don't come to Hills expecting them to conform to your fine tuned needs, go with the flow, experience a small piece of Austin history while eating cheese enchiladas or a fried chicken salad.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,6/3/2010,67,132,20,14,13>This petite Asian girl almost got into a bar fight here. Yep, that's right. ME! I must've had about five glasses of beer in me when some guy came over to our table on the patio and started talking mess to one of my friends. At first, everyone at the table thought this was just regular guy talk... you know, calling other people certain explicit body parts just because he was drunk.Well, when we realized he was serious and was aiming to start a fight, I defiantly stood up and started yelling back at him, returning F-bombs back at him just as he was to us. My boyfriend didn't want me to get hit so he grabbed me from behind and tried to pull me back  and calm me down.The jerk went away though, and everyone went back to enjoying their beer and food. Right after, one Crown & Anchor employee came out to check up on us and we assured them that the fire died down. Perhaps they would've been quicker if we hadn't been on the patio, but it was all cool. Another employee--one much burlier than the first--asked if we were all right and got the name of the instigator. He looked ready to pop the guy like a ripe pimple. It was cool to know that we had our backs covered. Not only are your burgers and fries still cheap and delicious, but you guys at Crown & Anchor are badass mo'fos, and that's why you get five stars now.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,6/2/2010,151,285,26,17,11>My SO treated me to a pedicure at Embellish last week. Wow. I don't even know where to begin. I've only previously been to the Asian foot factories before, and while I have to say I enjoy a vibrating massage chair and a bunch of 20 something ladies around me, I won't be going back to those again... Embellish is completely different. I hate to use the word sanctuary, but it really is. From the moment you walk in the door, everything is quiet and peaceful. Decor is definitely feminine, but not so much so that I felt uncomfortable. No pleather massage chairs here - instead, fantastically comfortable clouds to sit in! Well, not actually clouds, but the big brown chairs were just as soft. I was confused by the lack of a tub of water at my feet, but they handed me a glass of white wine and told me to sit down, so I didn't ask any questions. Shortly thereafter, I had a heated buckwheat neck pillow that damn near put me to sleep. These guys know what they are doing. There isn't any crazy chick running around in platform wedges screaming at everyone and there isn't any nail polish smell, just pure bliss... Soon after, my attendant arrived and introduced herself and put a big brass kettle of water at my feet. At hah! After relaxing for another 15 minutes (I was actually starting to get into Pride and Prejudice, which was showing on the big plasma TV), my pedicure started. Super attention to detail with absolutely no rush at all. I opted for the (additional cost) scrub and wax treatment as well. My feet were as soft as silk by the end of the visit... Yes, it's more expensive than the other places, but my treatment lasted over an hour and I had two glasses on wine on the house. Five stars all the way. I've scheduled monthly appointments now. To all the men reading this and thinking WTF... If you haven't ever had a pedicure, drop the machismo and go get one. It is absolutely one of the most incredible things you can do for yourself. Don't worry, you'll still wake up with your penis in tact the next day, and your feet will feel incredible as well...
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,6/1/2010,56,167,7,10,15>Ho Ho BBQ: a HaikuLong review needlessTasty grub to fill tummyPork and rice delish!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,5/31/2010,51,328,11,14,11>Let's talk about what Sushi A-Go-Go is NOT. It's not an elegant date night. It's not a Tokyo business lunch with a happy ending. It's not nirvana. It's take out, take home, eat in a gas station parking lot sushi. Personally, I'd recommend taking it home, but that's just me. When might you enjoy getting food from Sushi A-Go-Go? Let's say you're shopping at Central Market on Lamar. It's almost dinner time and you really don't want to cook. And no ones about to cook for you. You go to the prepared food aisle and reach for a pre-packed "Sushi Chef" special. Screech! Rewind... DON'T DO THAT. Immediately leave and drive a block to Sushi-A-Go-Go. Get a bunch of rolls that are infinitely fresher and tastier than the alternative. And Pay LESS! Yes, That's right. Like 30% less for a superior product. But don't be scared, you'll still get that same plastic box, soy package, wasabi and ginger you're used to getting. Comfort. Yes, Sushi A-Go-Go is the direct kick-ass competition to anyone else trying to sell you a fast solo fish fix. NEVER. I repeat: NEVER buy one of those sushi boxes from a super market again. And for that matter, you might as well never get "sushi" from the likes of Zen, Banzai, etc...the list goes on and on. A-Go-Go! When you get to be a go-go-pro, you'll have it on speed dial and your victuals will be ready the moment you arrive to pick them up. Score. Every supermarket or quickie Japanese job that sells sushi should just fall on its sword. Immediately. It's the only honorable thing to do now. However, Note: No Nigiri here.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/30/2010,465,228,11,15,14>I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant where I said I liked everything on the menu, but that is definitely true of Justine's.  6 of us ate there last night and I have to say it was a great surprise.  We arrived around 7pm and the place had just started hopping.  It was a wild montage of great people watching, amazing wine, and even better food.  Aside from a glass of wine that smelled like pate I had not a single thing to complain about.   I had the potato leek soup, the Niçoise salad, and the duck.  All of the above were good and even my duck that I thought was a little overcooked was actually perfect beneath the surface.  The service despite other reviews I read was great and the server was extremely attentive to our needs.  She kept us topped up on water, bread, and food all night long and even offered to get us a free wine next time for the pate smell in the rose.  This is what a night out with your friends should be like with the focus on having a great time and not on poor service or food.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,5/29/2010,83,60,51,21,16>It's the best in Austin. Which isn't saying much.Take my advice and DON'T go on Sunday, when the C-team is at bat.The cocktail waitresses are usually sweet. The drinks are expensive. Duh. The people-watching is almost always amazing. Last night there was Lapel, a d-bag with a silly haircut in a cheap suit with an enormous gold pin on his lapel, South By, a middle-aged dude who looked like he was taking a break from microblogging to put his face in some boobies, and Blow Pop, an amateur-white-rapper-looking fellow who was sucking on a blow pop. He then put said blow pop into the stripper's mouth who was dancing for him so that she could suck on it as well. But alas, it fell out of her mouth, into her hair, and then onto the stage. She picked it up and handed it back to this toolshed, who stuck it right back into his mouth.The girls smell good, and it's fun every once in a while.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,5/28/2010,381,228,11,11,10>Buffetland....where all of your dreams come true! No, seriously. I've been to a LOT of brunches and buffets and this is hands down the BEST I've ever had. Lorena O. and I descended the grand staircase and turned the corner to the magical land and our mouths dropped to the ground. Pancakes, lobster, omelettes, oh my! They led us to our seats which luckily were outside on the most beautiful day with a view of Town Lake. Then they came around with bottomless mimosas. As soon as the champagne was in the glass, we darted to the buffet where we filled our plates to the brim with anything from chocolate chip pancakes and eggs benedict to sushi and fresh sea bass. Three plates later as we were tasting the desserts, we special ordered a waffle from the kitchen....determined to try everything! Just when we thought it couldn't get any better, the most beautiful man, Chef Scott, brought out our waffles to us. Wishing that intelligent things were coming out of my mouth, we just giggled and smiled like school girls. Apparently our waiter noticed and the Chef came out a SECOND time. Really? Dreams do come true. The only complaint I have is the $7 charge to valet OR self park, same price. The buffet was also pretty pricey but we decided it was well worth it. Tons of delicious food with a side of super sexy man, hell yes!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,5/27/2010,164,201,13,15,16>as a self-proclaimed sucker for pastries and anything sweet, i can never resist a good excuse to indulge that addiction.this place is a fantastic find with all sorts of sweet somethings for everyone. the almond croissant is possibly the best i've ever had. the almond paste was perfect- not too thick and heavy and not too sparse. with generous amounts of almond slices and powdered sugar, i was in for a treat. no, i've never enjoyed one under the eiffel tower, but i do know what a damn good pastry is.a macaron for you? sure, don't mind if i do! but enjoying the blackberry/pistachio on the ride home, proved to be dangerous. first, bite. then, thought: "whoa! what is this stuff made out of?!" deliciously light and fluffy, it then threatened to fall apart in my hands. i almost had to pull over to avoid death of macaron all over my body.just don't hesitate and wait, join me on the sweeter side of life...
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,5/26/2010,215,283,16,11,13>I am standing outside People's Pharmacy, and for some reason today there is a line for the deli counter resembling people waiting for tickets to an NKOTB  reunion show. Austin has never seen a line like this for the deli counter before - I mean, I love People's, but wth. Something in People's' hummus?  The sun is just starting to weaken me when a tall thin man in a big sombrero with a handlebar moustache approaches me. "Man, deed chu know that thee new Taco Deli is opening today just up thee road?"Shit. I forgot. Well not really.  I was waiting around for drugs. From the pharmacy."I'm sorry man, yeah, I knew the place was opening, but I had to stop here first and there's some kind of maximum occupancy explosion going on. Are you going over there?"The man nods and says "of course. I just wanted to know eef you wanted anytheenk."I am uncertain where this guy is supposed to be from based on his accent, but it's not New York. So I say, "well, I don't know you, how do I know you're not going to spike my tacos?"The man knelt before me, put his sombrero on his heart, and said, combover blowing in the wind: "I swear - on the mole poblano de mi madre - I would never do such a thing. To taint tacos de Tacodeli would be blasphemous, my friend.  Eef you have not had their ceviche y guac special taco on Fridays, or their mole, then forgive me, you could not know what I meen."So be it. This guy I just met for no apparent reason was gonna buy me tacos. From the 'Deli. Hallelujah."All right. How about I get my drugs, and we both go over there. I'm supposed to meet Monicha anyway, and she'd be perturbed if I didn't show. Because of drugs."The man stood up. "Eet would be an honor."Tacodeli III: The Search for Spock opened today, serving the same taco-y goodness as their other locations. This one is just up the street from Central Market and People's. The interior is more open feeling and spacious than the Burnet one, although I'm not sure that's not just an illusion. The pickup-takeout area here is nicely separated from the order area, making it much easier to get at without the staff wondering if you are pilfering salsa or are just waiting to order like up north.All the tables are decorated with nifty dia de los muertos-y designs, and there is also a small eating area outside.As the mysterious man stated, the mole taco here is just as good as up on Burnet, although my Mojo Fish taco was not quite up to snuff.  Could be some of the chefs are new, we'll see. Still pretty darn good.  The menu appears to be identical to the north one, which a nice 'Deli worker pointed out as I drank my courtesy cup of water with a lime in it.Just like the north one, the prices for tacos here are a bit higher, perhaps, than you may be used to, but I like to think it's because of food quality. I used to eat at Freebird's, bless their taco-y hearts, but since I've gone 'Deli, I'll never go back. Unless I'm really hurtin for cash. Yeah, there's Torchy's, but their selection is much smaller, and if you want any 'healthy'-ish or veggie tacos there, forget it.  (Plus they towed my friend's car from a parking area that was unclearly marked.).Zephram Cochran once said: "Don't try to be a great taco, just be a taco. Let history make its own judgment." Or something like that. Salud, Tacodeli.  I never did get the name of that man with the handlebar moustache. But I did get free tacos.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,5/25/2010,288,258,10,12,14>Whoa!  Have you ever been to crazy town?  Well, I have, and it's called the newest Torchy's Tacos (which happens to be the only North Austin location to date) and today happend to be Grand Opening Day!There isn't much more I can say about Torchy's that I haven't already.  This location serves up the same delicious tacos you've devoured on the South side and they pour out the same delicious golden goodness as the rest.  What makes this Torchy's stand out:  DRIVE-THRU SERVICE!  That's pretty freakin' fantastic!  And I have to say, for being opening day, and having about a mile long line of people waiting to get in and half a mile long line of cars waiting to drive-thru, these folks handled the crowds quite nicely, even with a smile!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,5/24/2010,146,505,14,12,16>What a way to spend time away from the office, especially when it catches on fire. As I walked through the file room and smelled smoke, I said, "What is that smell?" A colleague, suddenly paralyzed offered, "It's above your head." Smoke emanated from the ceiling tiles, accompanied with the rubbery, electrical melty smell. I yelled, "Barbara! You need to call somebody." From zero to 60, the clown music started in my head, Barbara pulled the fire alarm, the employees began our well-reheasred evacuation -- except for me. I had to shut down and take my laptop, grab my blackberry, forward my desk phone and turn off my lights. Of course, I left behind my phone, money, and photos of my family to burn to embers. The fire broke out at about 11:30, just about the time I start getting hungry. The fire department obliterated the problem and returned everyone to work, at which point half the building employees went inside, the other half went to their cars. I thought that was a good idea. So, that is how I found myself eating a fried chicken and avocado cone at this really good cart.  The next time you have an emergency, it really hits the spot. Exit clown music.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,5/23/2010,485,555,12,24,14>Finding an acupuncturist was a last resort for getting some foot relief.  My foot and I have been through a lot together, and while we don't always agree, I definitely want to find a way to make it work between us. After weeding through podiatrist yuckiness to find a good doctor, I decided to go the extra mile and try acupuncture.Dr. Dong (I do not lie) is super honest and very knowledgeable. Upon seeing the office you might think "this is where salvation lies? Really?" No bells or whistles here: three rooms, each outfitted with a bed and random Chinese acupuncture diagrams on the walls. Once I learn Chinese I will be able decipher the diagrams, I'm sure, and learn to acupuncture myself at home.In the meantime, I have finally begun to feel relief. Not the "I'm drinking so I can't feel how much that hurts!" fraudulent relief, but something promising. Dr. Dong (certified doctor in China and acupuncture teacher here in Austin) explained that even though the source of my pain has been identified, immobilizing the foot every time it comes back wont fix anything. The source of the pain, an inflamed tendon, needs to be addressed so it stops wreaking havoc on my other nerves and, worse, my bones. I wont pretend, the points he needles really hurt - but that's because there's a real problem. Despite the needle pain, after each session I feel obviously better. It's amazing. Once he positions the needles, he turns on a heating lamp over the foot and lights moxa beneath the foot, for about 45 minutes. He recently attached electricity to the needles, with excellent results. He knows how much I miss ballroom dancing, and his willingness to help is highly appreciated.My friends are coming out of the woodwork now: I've been doing acupuncture for years, for allergies, for overall cleansing, and so on. I had no idea, and I'm only sorry I didn't try it sooner. Amazingly, it's largely covered by my insurance plan, and for what I'm paying them I might as well do everything I can for this old rickety body.While Ablebody Acupuncture is no spa to the stars, Dr. Dong knows what he's doing. If something's ailing you, give it a try. Tell him a little peacock named Dej sent you.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,5/22/2010,421,256,19,22,20>SK, where have you BEEN all my life? (sorry Slipknot, you're just okay)For years it has boggled the mind how Austin, an unofficial health capital of Texas could maintain such svelte citizens when a host of cupcakeries, tacoseries, pizzerias and dive bars conspire to undo that morning 3 miler you just worked so hard on. And don't get me started on the more explicit offenders: Gourdoughs, La Boite Café, Tiff's Treats, Casino el Camino, I'm glaring at you. This calls for proportion patrol.Granted, neighborhood watch committees have been organized like Whole Foods, Central Market, Casa de Luz, select juice bars and the too-feeble-to-fight (Counter Culture, I applaud you) to battle these so-bad-they're-good miscreants. But when the few stand against the many, it's only a matter of time before someone eats a giant doughnut.Enter Snap Kitchen: Spring has returned in Narnia, and there is new hope for health enthusiasts desperately fighting off those hole-y, syrupy, sweet, juicy, palatable offenders. And it's fresh fast food!? Lies.Nein, frauline: this is primarily a curb-side pick-up establishment that offers daily-prepared, proportion-controlled, nutrition-labeled health foods for all. They offer catering, registered dietitian consulting services, and seem absolutely psyched about getting involved in Austin's green-living realm. You go girlfriend.Gluten/Dairy-Free Compañero [GDFC] and I checked out their 6th/Lamar location, inhabiting a sliver of shopping center, just behind Amy's Ice Cream. Keep walkin', sister. Immaculate establishment indoors. GDFC had their gluten-free meatloaf (which he hadn't been able to eat in years), and I tried their curry chicken salad with greek yogurt and golden raisins, making for a mighty sweet afternoon lunch. And their gluten-free cranberry pancakes I had a week prior? Taste explosion. Bonuses:- Everything in their 6th street store is prepared in their Triangle flagship location on a daily basis, and delivered here on a daily basis.- They are serious about expiration dates, to ensure all the food is as fresh as can possibly be. - Frequent om nomers card is in the makings, earning you points redeemable for good things. Good things are so good.- Their green-living concept is also applied in their 6th street store: utensils are made of *potato*, making them biodegradable. - Microwave available for re-heating whatever you choose.- You could probably use Amy's outdoor patio seating if it's not occupied and you wanted to enjoy the breezy, sunny weather outside, which won't last for long. So sit outside while you can, before the Central Texas oven bears its wrath.But the smartest idea they utilize, as far as I'm concerned, is one of separately organized menus according to your dietary restriction on their website.  So, are you a righteous gluten-free, non-dairy, sodium-adverse rocker who likes to rock out? Then dude: you should SO tap their Chocolate Mousse Stuffed Quinoa Crepes.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,5/21/2010,130,110,11,9,9>This bar is officially my new Friday and Saturday bar. Its got a nieghborhood feeling without the popped collar douche bag who wondered in there asking "hey man, you know where I can score some roofies" like you catch on the east side now.The staff was not like wow they are friendly but they were good enough to make me leave without being pissed off. I am about to tell you something that will blow your mind. They have... get ready.... a Last Action Hero Pinball Machine! Thats right, that little gem from the early 90's has a pin ball machine and its inside this bar. And to top it off they have one of the best jukeboxes I have ever seen. It has at least one song you will like. The patio was all like "what?!" and I was like "hey this patio is like awesome!" Its hands down a great patio that has plenty of seats and what looks like an awesome stage.You will now offically see me in this bar on fridays and saturdays because:1. They have strongbow.2. No douche bags.3. Awesome Jukebox.4. Awesome patio.5. Nice staff.I will say this though, their was a person messing with a taser while they were drunk. I am sorry but if you own a bar you need to get that out of your bar because it made multiple people state that it was uncomfortable. Thats all you need is some drunk tasing people.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,5/20/2010,168,161,23,16,13>Where do you eat lunch by yourself after a breakup? I was headed for Ryu on North Burnet (too cheery), then Lamar (too ex), but I didn't want a table, I realized: I wanted a drink.I hadn't tried the Bloody Mary at Roaring Fork, and was in the mood for some stress spending -- perfect.The otherworldly-attractive hostess (part elf, part antelope, very appealing) waved me through to the bar where Rob asked how I was doing. "Fabulous!" I said, as always, then corrected myself. "Actually, no. Shit shit shitty shit shit day, Rob. Make me a bloody mary, spicy."I quizzed him a little on how they make it in order to select the right vodka. House mix, not from a bottle, heat sources are tabasco and black pepper. "If the mix needs any help," I told him, "use Absolut Peppar. If it doesn't need any help, Stolichnaya.""It doesn't need any help," he replied.Rob wasn't wrong, exactly. It didn't need help to be a better-than-average cocktail, a 4. It didn't have too much celery salt, and had decent flavor: he just misjudged his audience. I don't want a good bloody mary. I want the drink to chase me around the bar with an axe. I want to have to break chairs over it and finally destroy it with a lucky rifle shot into a fire extinguisher lodged in its gaping, beastly mouth, after it's savaged all the nubile women and half the nelly guys in the bar."I get the black pepper and tabasco," I asked him, after a few long tastes. "But there's something else going on.""Olive juice," he answered. Olive juice. Interesting.The Running Bloody Mary rankings:5 stars: Daily Grill (Nick), Rio Rita4 stars: McCormick & Shmick's (Natalia), Roaring Fork (Rob)3 Stars: Chez Zee, Mimi's Cafe, NoRTH2 stars: Molca's, NXNW
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,5/19/2010,184,302,10,24,20>"Let's meet at this gas station I love." she said.  We scratched our heads.  It was a glorious day, there are hundreds of outdoor patio options in town at which to meet, why on earth would she suggest a gas station?Nevertheless, it was close to our home, we were fired up to meet and discuss the next steps in the rebuilding of our home/lives, and we always look forward to her company, so we ventured out.Holy crap.  It IS the most unreal gas station / convenience store in Austin, perhaps the country.Walk past the racks of "like new" golf balls and bags of pork rinds, to find a wonderfully secluded, spacious covered patio overlooking the Texas hills.  Facing west, no less, perfect for relaxing and watching the big gas ball wane.We sat on comfy couches and chairs, almost alone the entire time, viewing plans, drawings, and schedules.  Reasonably priced glasses of wine kept appearing with regularity.  We ended up calling friends and telling them they HAD to come see this gas station.  Their reaction over the phone was much as ours had been, and likewise, upon arriving they had their "holy crap" moment.Staying until the darkness had come, we decided that Tuscany at 360 needs to be on our list of sunset spots for visitors.  No more grumbling visits to that paean to excess and crap food named the Oasis.  This place is close, has a spectacular view, and the people who run it are nice.  A finer late afternoon I cannot imagine.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,5/18/2010,368,209,10,11,12>This is exactly how I'm going to set up my closet (as soon as I can spare 1000+ sq ft).  Seeing jewelry and purses and clothing organized by color makes me so happy, and makes this store so much more shoppable than a huge warehouse type store like Sam Moon (in Dallas) or even Forever 21. The emphasis is definitely on jewelry and accessories, but there were quite a few trendy pieces of clothing thrown in as well (I saw mostly tops). The staff was very friendly as well; the nice lady who was working today offered a quick explanation of Charming Charlie as soon as I walked into the store (part of a chain of 60 locations, organized by color) and invited me to "jump right in." The prices seem reasonable and the trendy factor is high so the next time I need something to wear to a hot new Cedar Park nightclub opening, I will take a dive.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,5/17/2010,141,127,9,15,12>If you're looking for me on a Sunday morning, I'd suggest you try my bed first, and Zax second.  Why you ask? Easy-Build-Your-Own Bloody Mary BarI'm sorry, did you hear me out there yelposphere?  Zax has a build-your-own blood mary bar for Sunday brunch!!!  Basically, for $5, your server brings you a pint glass full of ice and either regular or pepper vodka.  Then they point you over to the station and let you go wild.  I got to make my bloody mary exactly like a like it--lots of horseradish, plenty of Worcestershire, several olives--and have a totally allowable way to play with my food.If you're not of the bartending savvy, they're happy to make your bloody mary for you or teach you how to make them as well.  That way you can experiment away without getting it too far wrong.But the build-your-own awesomeness didn't end there!  I also ordered the build-your-own omelette to eat, and it was the best omelette I've ever had.  Fluffy light eggs, and then I chose to add goat cheese, sausage, and spinach to mine.  It was seriously great.They had a few other delightful items on the brunch menu (the zax eggs are a crab cakes benedict that looked mighty tempting, and the banana bread french toast sounded like a carb-counters naughty fantasy) that caught my eye as well.  They also offer their entire salad/sandwich menu for brunch it appeared.But the service was pretty great too.  We ended up staying for about 2 hours--we had another friend call and decide to join us after we'd already almost finished--and even though the restaurant was pretty full, our server never pressured us so she could turn the table.  Food came out quickly, water was refilled, and everything was lovely.So yelp, you're on notice--Sunday at Zax is where I'll be.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,5/16/2010,188,425,8,10,10>My man is very picky.  So much so that we gladly give each other gift certificates for birthdays and Christmas with no worry of impersonal reactions.  I typically rely on my old faithful, Service, to be of assistance.  But this year I wanted to surprise my darling with a new spot to buy clothes.  My daily drive down South Congress had me watching the new Stag location grow up from a small construction site to a luscious Men's clothing store.  The first Yelp reviews had me tickled to stop in and see what they offer.  First impression of Stag - pleasantly manly and strong.  I felt like I walked into a men's lodge, with a fantastic combination of leather fringe vests, red plaid button downs and strapping accessories.  A few pieces that stood out was the selection of men's shaving products.  They carry Jack Black shaving products - which are amazing.  I also sniffed a sweet fragrant candle called Cannabis.  Perfect gift for the chic pothead in your life!Now the gift certificates are marvelous.  They look like wooden buffalo nickles and come in different denomination increments.  What a creative twist to the typical, boring gift card/certificate.I can't wait to see what he picks out.  Judging from the threads in Stag, I know he will be sexified head to toe.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,5/15/2010,150,124,7,16,12>I've held off writing this review simply because I'm no yoga expert. I've dabbled over the years but never practiced consistently. The idea of doing yoga in Austin, a very fit town, was more than just a little intimidating. Add to it the fact that this one is held in a room heated to 105 degrees and well, I'd been finding excuses why NOT to attend for quite some time.Thankfully, I happened to be talking to a new friend who mentioned having just started at BYD. And just like that, I was attending class, too. I started out with one of their two introductory offers. For $79, I got a month of unlimited classes + a $50 credit towards my next purchase. (The other option is $39 unlimited, so I basically got $10 free credit for paying the extra $40 up front.)I attended 15+ classes during the intro period. I've tried both locations and a multitude of teachers, all of them unique and varying in their methods, but all good nonetheless. I'd say Jeff and Nora Jeanne are consistently my favorites, but I'm gaining new appreciation for each individual instructor the more I go.I won't lie. It's a love/hate relationship. Sometimes I dread it. But my body is very aware the days I don't go. I keep waiting for it to get slightly easier. There are days I'm not sure I'm going to make it all the way through class, my balance seems to have gotten worse and I wonder how is it possible to be sweating even MORE than usual?! But it's a process. I'm a process. And I just keep telling myself there are more things at play than the eye can see, to be patient, and to breathe....**The downtown location has just announced the addition of an 8am class (beginning 8/31) as well as a fee-based childcare option to the 10am class.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,5/14/2010,255,164,22,16,18>Following a tip from fellow Yelper Rezrie L., I rolled down to the SouthSide to get a birthday gift for my Homegirl.. You know, my dime piece, my heina..(I ain't goin soft like some of these Yelp dudes, nah)    For you guys in Yelp-town that want to get your lady a hand-crafted, hip, and what-a-girl-would-call-cute gift, this is a great place to shop.It is run by a very helpful and friendly woman named Currie. She  took time to suggest options, but wasn't tryin to be all pushy. She even modeled a couple necklaces for me to check chain length. Nice! It only took me about 10 minutes to narrow my choices to two, I believe because it's easy to find something unique and cool in there. You can't go wrong. All bud, no stems or seeds, at a decent price.After I made my selection,Currie offered to gift wrap it, and she did a great job! And check this, as I was on the way out I remembered I needed a card to go with the gift. The card quality blew my mind. All hand-pressed, with some funky, some intricate. I picked the best one, and was all set. Bam. One stop shop. Done.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,5/13/2010,136,153,7,11,10>As far as the pizzeria's prior to House Pizzeria go in Austin, they all had their camps of ravenous fans who (mostly) didn't deviate far from their respective establishments. Some people can get pretty insulting when they believe their chosen pizza is being supplanted by another, and the detractors can get pretty nasty. Over pizza. That they didn't make. And have no f'ing clue how to make themselves even if they wanted to. I personally have sampled several pizza places around Austin and enjoyed many-a-slice from various places and found most to be worthy of chomping on while enjoying a brew. (See what I did there? I didn't openly broadside another pizza place! OMG.)And so I say, with a measure of experience in the realm of eating and pizza eating specifically, that House Pizzeria makes a damn fine pizza. My favorite has consistently been the sausage and mushroom, but I've grown fond of the Stilton pizza - melted blue cheese with a port reduction. The combo is magical.They've also taken care with the selection of their beverages to provide a refined selection to pair with their pizza. In this sense I think the drinks mimic the pizza in quality. This appears to be something most people have missed entirely - you don't wash down Foie gras with a frosty Bud Light, do you? Well, maybe you do. Hell, do whatever you want...but keep that nasty bit of business to yourself while I enjoy my tasty beer over here. (It also bears mentioning that several of the drink selections are made in Texas.) You'll have to pardon me for saying, but whining about not having your favorite flavor of sugar water while you're eating gourmet pizza makes you sound like the kid laying in the grocery aisle screaming that he can't have Sugar Pops cereal while his beleaguered mother tries to ignore him. Have a root beer and chill out. Or, hell, chug a can of Mountain dew before you come if you're feining that badly.In conclusion, I very much enjoy House Pizzeria and the route they've taken so far. The pizza is great, and the owners are Austin and support quality and sustainability and insist on freshness. It's another pizzeria in Austin, but it's a different kind of pizzeria. Different doesn't make it better by default, and it doesn't mean other places are going out of business because House Pizzeria's pizza is damned good and their quality standards may be slightly higher. So if your skin burns like a vampire stepping into a church when you enter House Pizzeria, do us a favor and go pester your favored place...I'm trying to enjoy my food.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2009,5/12/2010,141,179,12,12,11>An Austin classic: I once saw Lady Bird Johnson eating here. Solid menu of favorites. They are starting to feature eggs from their yard chickens for specials (the rest of their egg dishes are made with commercial eggs). Disappointed to find that their salmon is farm-raised. Nice side offerings; we're a fan of the jalapeno corn muffins. Service has always been good. Fantastic desserts, especially the buttermilk pie.The main seating area is a craftsman style house; the big back "garden room" is not as sweet as the original space--it kinda makes you feel like you're eating at the kids table.I like to park on 22nd street and walk through the garden to see what's coming up and say hello to the huge old elm. If you ask, they'll just WAVE the orange juice in front of your mimosa. I bet Lady Bird drank her champagne straight up, too.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,5/11/2010,392,147,27,16,23>Life has many mysteries.  Among them:--Where did the universe come from?  Was it created?--Is free will compatible with deterministic physical law?  If not, would indeterministic law be an iota better? --Is time travel logically possible?  If so, could I go back and kill grandpa? --Why do so many persist in claiming to have a spiritual boner over The Salt Lick when equal (Rudy's) or better (Smitty's) alternatives exist at closer distances?I have spent literal years contemplating, debating, madly pondering this last great question.  It has led me to great distress and trouble.  It haunts my dreams.  It precipitated the divorce of my second wife.  It once led to an argument which culminated in the murder of several citizens of the country of Portugal.And with respect to it, I confess that I am left with nothing but this:  They persist because they are swept by the same vicissitudes of history that lead young men to battle, that cause one bizarre fad to take grip rather than another, that cause a bullet to miss a president's heart by a foot.  Yes, in some close possible world, polka rather than grunge became popular in the 90s, you and I speak German, and Rudy's BBQ is referred to by the awestruck as "the best in Texas"Of course, neither Rudy's nor the Salt Lick is the best BBQ is Texas--not in this world and not in its cousins.  But Rudy's BBQ is good BBQ.  The fatty ("moist") brisket is lovely.  The two dollar pudding is mandatory.  The prices are very reasonable.  And notwithstanding its insufferable practice of calling sauce "sause", its gentle gas station atmosphere would serves as a fine introduction to Texas barbecue for a whole busload of middle school students, your brother from Oregon, or whomever.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,5/10/2010,211,223,16,18,20>i gotta hand it to ya, billy.  i thought the draft beer selection was impressive. so impressive (for a small place) that we had a hard time deciding - but went with a pitcher of fireman's.  the atmosphere is extremely casual and comfortable, and i *do* wish it were within walking distance of my house (as others have mentioned).  we opted to grab a picnic table on the deck (out of respect for our fellow patrons - there was a UT game on and we intended to gab...).  it was great to be out at 8pm on a cool saturday night and have no problem getting a table.  i think the biggest surprise for me is the menu. there are just not many local dives that offer so many veg options.  there's like a dozen things on there!  they have freaking veg frito pie!!!  holy cow(less)!  i mean, just because someone is veg doesn't mean they don't want to cut loose once in a while.  veg cuisine and frito pie do not have to be mutually exclusive.  at least not at billy's.  and i'm not even veg!aside: when in philly, i was practically tarred and feathered when i suggested to the philly cheesesteak guys that a veggie cheesesteak might be a nice option.  "it's never been done!" they said.  "no one will order that" they mocked.  well, billy's has done it.  they have a veggie philly cheesesteak. you have to understand the depth of my satisfaction upon seeing that on the menu.  in your face, philly cheesesteak guys!i actually went with the veggie sandwich which had melted cheddar and gouda along with perfectly ripe avocado, tomato, lettuce - all grilled between slices of rye bread.  it was a big fatty of a sandwich (served w chips) and definitely worth the $7+.i can't really think of one thing about billy's that wasn't darn good.  i'm sure i will be back...a lot.  on second thought, it's probably a good thing that billy's is not within walking distance of my house.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,5/9/2010,474,618,11,22,14>I don't think there is anything worse than going to HEB, battling for a parking spot, playing grocery cart derby and reaching over people for some chicken while the child in front of you is poking his finger in every package of raw chicken, only to get home and realize you have all the ingredients for your homemade soup, but the chicken broth. BLERGH!This is where Brodie Park Market came into my life. There was no way I was going back to HEB. So I drove down the road to Brodie Park Market hoping they would solve my chicken broth problem. Its bright and clean in there, a much nicer alternative to the shady 7-11. Not only did they have chicken broth, it was organic, cage-free chicken broth. It set me back a little more than I would have liked, but I was willing to pay extra in order to avoid going back to HEB.On a quick peek, the beer selection looked decent and they get an extra point for carrying Imperial. Didn't have time to explore the wines, but I'm sure I will be back!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2009,5/8/2010,522,1205,18,16,16>It's official even my dog thinks I have gone "Dog Gone Crazy"! I took her shopping today in the Hill Country Galleria and popped into Dogadillo. I purchased what I thought my pup would love - Doggy IncrediBubbles "Everlasting, Fun Bubbles for your Pup Bubbles land without Popping Dogs Love Chasing Bubbles! Peach Flavored! We get home and I start blowing bubbles. These bubbles are awesome they are landing on all my veggie plants without bursting I can catch and hold them and I feel like a Fairy in my garden as these magical bubbles are floating around. My pup is waiting at the back door looking over her shoulder at me like I am crazy. Everyone who works here is a full 5 stars! And they have some of the best looking Doggie Halloween costumes I have seen anywhere!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,5/7/2010,989,456,9,20,19>On Friday, the parentals invited us out for something we do so often--Porkchop Fridays! We had reservations for noon and were promptly seated by the polite hostess. I absolutely love this place, even though I know it's a chain. It's just a cool ambiance. And I know it's simple and not that important, but I love the cobalt blue water glasses! I started with the lobster bisque and the calamari. I wanted to see if it was possible to get some decent lobster bisque here in Austin, and fortunately, I found out I can! We ordered our porkchop specials, and started killing the time talking politics (I had done early voting and I was trying to explain to Mom who to vote for. I think the only one she only remembered was Kinky Friedman for the Agricultural something-or-other). Time was passing, and still no porkchops. All of us were technically on our lunch breaks, but we weren't in any hurry. I kept musing about whatever happened to the "triple-martini lunches" from back in the day...and also how anyone got anything done afterward. Still no porkchops. Finally, they showed up. We all wordlessly looked down at three mediocre-looking porkchops that resembled nothing like the thick, juicy masterpiece we usually get. Before we could say a word, Mr. Perry, who happened to be at the restaurant that afternoon, had followed out the waitress and said that these weren't good enough at all, they shouldn't have left the kitchen, and that he would be sending them back and getting us new ones. He introduced himself and was extremely friendly. My mother never eats at restaurants because of her celiac condition that prevents her from eating gluten, and along with her allergies to dairy, it blocks out a lot of options for her when she isn't preparing her own food. Mr. Perry wouldn't hear of it. He insisted that he would specially prepare pork tenderloin (free of any seasonings) on a bed of spinach in a light balsamic sauce, so she could eat with us for once. I thought that was super nice of him. She enjoyed it a lot. We finally got our new porkchops (thick, juicy, and just like we remembered), and Mr. Perry insisted that lunch was on him for the inconvenience. Take a lesson all you restaurant owners: *this* is customer service at its finest. And you know what? We'll be back again and again because of it. What a fabulous lunch and a great venue. Another 5 stars for Perry's!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,5/6/2010,4221,482,11,21,21>Oh baby, I found my new BBQ hangout.  Move over Sam's and Salt Lick, there's a new BBQ Sherriff in town, and it's hotter than Satan's sauna.  These guys may be on a limited schedule, but I think it's for the best since it would help limit my consumption and keep me from massively expanding.   I've had Franklin BBQ on my radar for several weeks now.  Their hot on Yelp, and, per the reviews, they're nearly perfect in every which way and frequently run out of meat.  I've driven by several times and almost always notice a long line, or they've had to closed shop early.  This time I went around Noon and told myself to tough it out, and I'm so glad I did. If a queue is present, be prepared to wait about 20-25 min.  Once you get up to the counter you'll notice one of the cooks is a dead ringer for Eli Roth (film maker).  He'll cut you piece of what he has on the cutting board so you can try before you buy.  For me, I had to get everything on the menu in order to get the full experience, so I got the 2 meat plate (ribs + brisket) w/ 2 sides (beans + potato salad).  I also got some lean brisket and their special chopped beef + sausage sandwich to go.  They work as efficiently as they can w/ only 2 guys preparing the meals while one person rings you up.  It's all premium priced, but how's it taste?  Well I'd easily say they have the best ribs in town - - no joke.  Real smoky, nice crust, and falls off the bone.  The fatty brisket was superb, had a nice crust and is full of goodness.  The lean was pretty darn good, not too dry as you would normally expect.  The sausage is just sausage, no biggie, but still tastes good.  The potato salad is real mustardy, the cole slaw is pretty good - love the red cabbage, and the beans are beans.  Now for the "Four Saucemen":  the Expresso Sauce was my fave, it's a darker consistency and you can taste the molasses and expresso.  If those 2 combos don't appeal to you then you may not be a fan.  My other fave was the Sweet Sauce, and they also have Hot and Pork (vinegar) sauces too.  I liked them all so much I ended up mixing the expresso + sweet + hot and came up w/ a combination that was outta this world!!  I had to ask for an extra container to take some of my concoction home.  The service is excellent, they aim to please, and they really do this BBQ thing right.  It's well worth the wait and the price, I highly suggest you take the time and check out this homey operation because you won't regret it, and it also reminds you of what makes Austin such a great place.  My only recommendation:  wet-naps, because it's bound to get messy when you dive into it!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2009,5/4/2010,101,160,28,26,24>Girls, Girls, GirlsLong legs and burgundy lipsGirls,Girls, GirlsDancin' down on Sunset StripGirls, Girls, GirlsRed lips, fingertipsOr Pour some sugar on me.......Oh la la.  Where to begin....First of all, I don't just frequent a Gentleman's club for no apparent reason.  On this night it was a special night that needed a place to start our party off with a BIG BANG. Back up story:  My friend was getting married on this particular day. The wedding was called off, so we needed something spectacular to replace the date with a fond memory.  We had a Freedom Fest for our guy and went all out.  He loves dancing, so in honor of him the night was themed around it.  These type of places cost a pretty penny and were very cautious of this.Expose has happy hour from 5-8 pm or as I like to call it "Lappy Hour". $3 anything - you call it.  Ex. Red Bull & Grey Goose vodka $3. I was floored and oh yeah - $10 lap dances. This is a man's dream that I was living in.  Anyways, we had a big crew and given a corner section.  All the staff & dancers were very courteous and wanted to make our night memorable.  We were given the star treatment from beginning to end.  The girls were very friendly (duh) and talented. I think my mouth dropped a few times.  Where in the world did you learn to do that?  WOW.  BTW, girls are typically the worse critic than a guy would be. These girls are worth looking at, so bring yo' dolla bills.  Can it get better than this? YES.  We had paid for our guest of honor to be on stage. They provide 2 dancers, a DJ and 3 dances. The first 2 dances were from the dancers and the last is the guest of honor to dance.  E.P.I.C. Words cannot describe how we made his night and how we all enjoyed this moment. I'm so sad I could not document any of this. It's down in the books for a great night, especially for the establishment that made it happen.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,5/3/2010,739,709,29,22,23>Fleegal Farmsssss issssss sssssaving my ssssskin.  Thissss time of year I feel a bit like a ssssssnake ssshedding my sssskin.  Dry, itchy, and flakey, I wisssh I could ssssslither throught the foresssst and sssscrape it all off!I found them at Cherrywood and bought a bunch of their bar sssssoapssss for my family ($5 each).  I alsssso bought a mint sssssugar ssssscrub for me.  I canNOT wait to sssshower now.  I sssscrubssss the ssssugar on my ssssskin, sssso I can feel human again!   Ahhhh......And after all the ssugar dissolves it leaves a residual oily film which is so relieving, almost like back in HS when I would slather on baby oil every shower (and booby trap the bathtub for everyone else.....slippery!!).  My skin is glowing and glossy when I step outta the shower. Today I did a little Yelp research and licked myself in the shower (what!  my arm!) and I even tasted good!  But the tasty part rinses off....I'm pretty sure they didn't have this in mind but sharing a shower and scrubbing with tasty mint sugar....hmmm, definitely on my to-do list.Which brings me to the fact that all their products are chemical and dye free (safe to eat!), some are fragrance free as well.  They are also vegan if you do plan to eat some you can with a clean (ha!) conscience!  I am very excited to try some of their other products and looking online I've found a store very near my house that carries them. Some of their bar soaps smell so good (mint chocolate!) I'm not even gonna put em under the tree for fear of my dogs eating them! Oh and this is just the icing on the cake, they support the Bill Hicks Org., therefore I support them.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,5/2/2010,199,518,7,9,8>I've actually been here twice. So I guess it's precursor that I'm going to give a good rating on this place.  Well let me go into detail here...The ambiance is intimate and a great place to meet friends after work. It's a great place to chill if you are not in the mood to deal with traffic. They do have free wifi but you have to ask the waiter to give you a password to use their wifi. You will see people with their laptops usually against the wall. There's not much individual seating. Some of it is outside and some inside against the wall. For people that have four people in their party there are only three tables. There are three big tables you share. You seat yourself when you enter.I meet some friends on Thursday after work. It was raining and usually traffic is more horrible than usual. I tried their Pomegranate Lemonade had fresh ingredients. Therefore I almost gagged. It was good. I guess most of the time I have artificial lemonade. We decided to start off with the Board of Cheese as an appetizer. I forgot the kinds of cheeses that were on the board but I love and I'll eat it. There were bits of fruit and olives. I wasn't big on olives. So I let my friends eat the olives and I ate the apples and grapes. Love the assortment of breads they serve with each meal. I also had the soup of the day - a tomato soup with white beans that was great. I felt like having soup since it was a bit chilly out there.They had a happy hour menu so I decided to have the hummus with tomato, sprouts and avocado tartine. It was pretty good but I had to take it home because I wanted to have it for lunch. The portions were just about right.The other time I went I wasn't too crazy about their sausage and mozzarella frittata. It seems somewhat cold.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,5/1/2010,115,127,13,10,9>Who knew how much fun it could be to indulge in the awesomeness of Torchy's from a trailer, sit at a picnic table with good friends, laughing and talking so loudly that  you could swear everyone around us is going to be offended, but everybody else is having a grand time underneath the oak trees, with the cool spring breeze, excellent food, ice chests, hay bales, South Austin at her best? Longest sentence ever? Who cares?Check it out, Austinites!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,4/30/2010,239,180,11,14,11>And the beet goes onnnn and the beet goes onnnn!So, let's talk about raw food restaurants.  I've been to Julian's in LA, I've been to Saf in Munich.  I thought they were bland, bland, bland.  So you know that when I was asked to do a small design project for this restaurant, and consequently was obligated to try some menu items, my enthusiasm was turned down quite a bit...  But I played along.BOY HOWDY am I glad I did!  Delicious!  I had the chalupas with lentil salad and chocolate cheese cake.  I usually think, c'mon raw foodies... don't try to make something taste like something else that it can never be, but these guys really did something special.  Nom!I will be back, and you should definitely check it out!  The staff were all really nice and helpful, and the atmosphere was clean and bright.As far as raw food restaurants go, this gets an enthusiastic thumbs-up.  As far as restaurants go, ditto!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,4/29/2010,232,273,11,13,11>What a perfect second stop on a pub crawl with friends. I've only been to Max's once before for an elite Yelp event which was absolutely mind blowing. So Max had a lot to live up to a second time around.One might think that the topic of wine would be the primary focus here, but not in my Yelp files. It's the food that will have your mouth begging for more. Having sampled a 1/3 of their menu 6 months ago at the event, I could not get those ribs out of my mind. This southern girl loves her ribs and Max's are no joke! Generously glazed with a sweet yet tangy BBQ sauce, the copious amount of meat stuck to these bones are delectably tender. Accompanying the hearty ribs were the perfect French fries. Not to crispy and not too soggy. Soft yet firm potatoes is how I'm going to describe them even if that doesn't make sense.Ordered a glass of sangria and was perplexed that it came served to me in a drinking glass on ice. Not sure what that was all about as this place is classier then that. Will say something next time as I don't want the flavor of my wine to be diluted with ice. Ladies, look for the bathrooms in the back right corner of the bar  from the front door. Glad to report that the bathroom is relatively clean. Two stalls and no line, wow, that makes me happy. Oh Max, I can see this being the beginning to a beautiful relationship.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,4/28/2010,467,441,11,15,13>As I'm creeping up in age, I'm learning/teaching myself to enjoy "the finer things in life."  After my visit to The Steeping Room, tea is about to become one of those things I have the need to investigate further.After being cooped up in my apartment for a few days, I finally felt well enough (turned out to be temporary) to venture out into the world.  Had dinner with a couple friends, they suggested the Steeping Room as an after dinner venue.  Perfect for my first venture out, you know, with the healing/ antioxidant benefits of tea.  This quiet little place in the heart of the bustling Domain was more than I expected it to be, and pleasantly so, especially for my ailing self.We were seated pretty quickly and were able to take our time perusing the menu and deciding which type of tea we wanted to share.  We opted for the Madagascar Vanilla, which was very subtle in vanilla flavor and very delicious.  We also ordered scones, with each type of spread... the extra spread cost just a bit more, but was totally worth the expense.  After the scones were gone, it took a lot of effort to not just eat the spreads alone.  My favorite was the fig and port compound butter.  We also had clotted cream, honey butter, and some sort of jam.  As I said before, it took a lot of effort to not just spoon these into our mouths.  But we decided to class it up a bit by not.I want a nifty teapot now.  And some looseleaf tea from The Steeping Room to experiment with on my own.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,4/27/2010,124,118,13,11,11>I have probably abused ESP's delivery service since moving to the eastside from the southside three months ago. I think we've had four, maybe five pizzas delivered to the house, and I've patronized the joint personally on two occasions. The Buschemi, Damon, and plain ol' cheese are outstanding, but the best of the best is their flagship pizza - The Girther - made with Gorgonzola, onions, avocados and bacon. I ate the last two slices for breakfast this morning. ESP pizza is so damned good that I would even stop short during great sex just to answer the door for the pizza delivery guy (can i get away with writing that, Kevin?). Yeah, anyway, it's definitely worth the pause.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,4/24/2010,431,381,22,17,19>They really have balls.  Cake balls, that is.I ordered a batch of these the other day by using a Groupon, as I think a lot of other Yelpers did.  Three kinds of balls I got:  Chocolate, Chocolate Espresso, and Cherry Almond.So this morning I drove over there to pick them up.  It was on my way to another errand, so why bother paying for delivery?  Austin Cake Ball sure is hard to find.  I drove down the little street behind the Hobby Lobby and pulled into where Cake Ball was actually located, but I didn't see any signs anywhere because I had a case of the stupids.  So I drove on over to Cap City Comedy Club, to no avail.  Then I drove down the road going the other direction, and that's when I saw the little sign that said, "CAKE BALL" with arrows pointing the way (pathetic Yelp won't let me make arrows in my review).  I followed the signs until I found a parking spot.  Cake Ball is in the corner of the shopping center, suite 104.I chit-chatted with the ultra-hot counter guy (UHCG) for a short while about how their balls compare to Holy Cacao's.  My inner juvenile couldn't stop silently laughing about the sexual connotation of the word "balls" and how I was comparing one guy's balls to another guy's balls.  I've never been to Holy Cacao, and since Cake Ball charges about the same price, I have no reason to go to Holy Cacao.  UHCG pointed out cake balls in the display case that looked like basketballs, and others that had the New Orleans Saints' logo.  I said, "I'll come back in the fall and get some Dallas Cowboys balls."  Heh.  Saying that to UHCG, I almost felt like I was at a sperm bank.  Other than the footballs, I don't really see myself ordering any cake balls in the future, unless I'm getting them as a gift for someone else.The Chocolate Espresso cake balls are good, but a little dry.  I think they need some espresso icing in between layers of the cake.  The Cherry Almond balls are my favorite so far.  They have some icing in there, with pieces of fresh cherry and, of course, almonds involved.  I haven't tried the straight Chocolate [salty] balls yet, so I can't comment on those.  And hopefully they won't be salty.Heh.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,4/23/2010,91,169,10,12,14>So I'll admit that I didn't have high expectations for my evening at Perla's. Oysters in Austin? Being from the Pacific NW, I'm used to eating my oysters hours after harvesting them right off the beach. Usually they're accompanied by a fresh salmon that is also hours from leaving it's cool sea home. But I guess in this day and age of newfangled air travel we can all enjoy the fruits of the sea without having to live a stone's throw from the waters edge. And Perla's is the place to go for a Ocean-loving girl like me to get a taste of home. While the Calamari I swiped from a dining companions plate was perfectly fried and tasty, I decided to start with a half dozen oysters from my old stomping grounds. They tasted like the ocean. They tasted of salty breezes. They, simply, tasted like home. And that is exactly what I needed at that moment. I then moved on to taste the bounties of my new home and went with the pan fried Gulf Triggerfish. While the oysters made me nostalgic for all things Pacific, the Triggerfish made me secure in my decision to embark on my adventure to live among the Texans, and I enjoyed every bite. The Cold French Beans were a lovely addition. On to dessert. Our end of the table decided to split the Wild Blueberry Shortcake and Fried Coconut Pies. Picking a favorite between the two would be like favoring one of your children over the other. They were both perfect in their own individual way. The blueberries were tart and sweet, mellowed with silky creme fraiche and tasted like Summer . The fried empanadas  crunched to reveal gooey coconut filling that melted in your mouth. On the side was creamy caramel ice cream. All of this was topped off by great service and drinks. The only reason I knock off a star is due to the acoustics in the place. I couldn't hear a word  said from dining companions at the other end of the table, (we were a party of 8) and were seated right next to the kitchen. While that gave us a great view of the eye-candy disguised as waiters, it wasn't conducive to table-wide conversation. I'll be back for a special occasion, or next time I need a little slice of home.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/22/2010,704,840,20,18,18>I've been on a quest to find the best tortilla soup in Austin and stumbled upon a serious contender in Round Rock while watching the super bowl.  Or should I say SOUPER Bowl because what came out of the kitchen was a super bowl of tortilla soup.  The discussion at our table centered around the game, Drew Brees, a Facebook virus and Betty White intermingled with soup slurping sounds.Gal Friend:  When I was at Drew Brees' mother's funeral and he walked in with his wife I gasped out loud!  Me:  (Soup slurping noises) Gal Friend:  And it was not for his looks it was for his wife.  She is the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen.Me:  (Slurp...)Guy Friend:  So my computer is sending Facebook message to all my friends with a Viagra ad attachment.  I think my work colleagues are going to enjoy that.  Me: (Slurp...)Husband:  If I was older and not married, I'd go for Betty White.  She can play football and is not afraid to get down and dirty.Me: (Slurp...)My bowl contained portions of onions, celery and carrots cut into large pieces which tasted wonderful and gave this tortilla soup a certain chunkiness that I do not usually find.  I detected a slight sweetness to the onions which made me think someone took great care to caramelize them in preparation for the soup broth.  The soup serving is particularly hefty in size and comes with sides of crisp tortilla strips, pico de gallo, avocado slices, Monterrey jack cheese and rice, which I skipped. (It gets in the way of the good stuff.) The tender shredded chicken in the soup was generous and the broth had a slow cooked richness.Before dinner, I think we might have polished off 3 baskets of chips.  You know the kind, warm, salty, and thin with a perfect crispness and slight coat of oil.  The salsa is fresh and tasty with the perfect amount of heat and spice.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,4/21/2010,235,378,21,8,9>-Do you eat tacos alone? check  -Do you sometimes go on a "taco binge" eating tacos several days    in a row? check  -Do you ever eat tacos after telling yourself you won't? check  -Have you ever had an "eye opener" taco first thing in the morning?check  -Have you ever felt you should cut down on your taco consumption? check  -Can you handle more tacos now than when you first started? check  -Do you sometimes feel uncomfortable if tacos are not available?  check  -Are you in more of a hurry to get your first taco of the day than you used to be? check  -Do you often want to continue eating tacos after your friends say they've had enough? checkMy name is Tasha and I'm a Tacoholic.  Soft, crispy, corn, flour, it doesn't matter.  I think it runs in the family.  I remember being very young hearing my parents argue over what was going to be for dinner.  If it wasn't tacos, I'd hear the door slam only to have my dad return later with leftover tacos.  When I'm not eating tacos, I'm thinking about where I can get my next fix.  I recently discovered Taco More.  It's cheap, close to my house, and really does the trick.  I can get 2 tacos for $3.  They have an amazing salsa bar that includes radishes, cucumbers and jalapenos.  I don't know if I'll have the strength to resist Taco More.  Serenity now.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,4/20/2010,161,122,12,11,7>Just to be clear: I am NOT a vegetarian. I do NOT wear patchouli oil. I don't listen to Phish and I don't grow carrots in my backyard where the 20 rescue dogs I don't own don't live. I'm a regular guy. I like BBQ. I eat meat. I eat burgers. I don't care care if the mushrooms on my pizza were grown on the north face of a mountain in Nepal. I care if they taste good. SO.... having said all of that, it's going to be difficult for a raw food place to serve food that I like. Daily juice actually serves food that won't morph me into a fat guy at a NASCAR race whilst still pleasing my inner fatkid who wants chicken wings. We had the avocado sammich and the thai noodle salad and both were fresh and amazing. Now.... the food IS a little expensive when compared to other places but I know how expensive locally sourced organic produce can be so I don't really object. As for the juices, the fire hydrant is incredible and I had some coconut juice-berry-something-niner-something (yeah, you caught a "niner" in there) which was amazing. If you have a fairly extensive pallet, you need to try this place out. If you won't eat anything which can't be had at a drive through you won't enjoy the food here unless you take it to go, bread the hell out of it, and deep fry it in bacon fat. And no one is judging you for that. The atmosphere/energy of Daily Juice is also great and the staff was very helpful and nice. I'll be back for sure.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,4/19/2010,41,66,20,11,16>At first I was afraid...I was petrified.Thinking Austin could never do Chicago pizza right.But then I spent so many nights eating deep dish from Mangia and I grew full...and I nommed some tasty 'za!And now I'm back, from my own place, sitting here again and stuffing my whole entire face.  I should have come here way before, I should have tried the spinach pie, if I had known for just one second that their food was so divine!Go on now, go!  Walk out the door!  Just start your car up, cause Mangia isn't very far.  Haven't you had their whole wheat crust pie?  You never had it?!  You make me want to cry!  Oh cheesy pies!  I love Mangia pies!  For as long as I know how to eat I know it will suffice.  I've got all this time to dine, and they've got great beers and fine wines, oh I love pies.  Cheesy pies!OoooOOOOHHHHHHHhhhh!!!!!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/18/2010,102,357,9,6,6>I'm not ready to embrace the monster that is karaoke yet, and I still maintain that Ego's is nothing more than a Lala's clone with cheese balls and less smoke.  But this place was pretty fun.We trooped in at 10:30 and took the place over until 2.  I'd say the staff is pretty friendly and all, but really they just stay the hell out of the way.  The best part was the guy bringing us a bottle opener and admonishing us not to lose it.  Dude, the thing cost .99 cents and you were going to be cleaning up a hurricane of beer, wine, champagne, Boone's Farm, Mad Dog, cups, napkins, cupcakes and who knows what else later.  You're REALLY giving me grief about a cheap piece of crap bottle opener?My favorite part, undoubtedly, is the random videos playing behind the music that have no bearing whatsoever on the songs.  And whenever a recent pop song is selected (i e Brittney Spears) you get CGI dancers and the like.  Freaking hilarious and a bit distracting too.  Factoring everything it, this place is probably a much better and cheaper bet than hitting a bar.  Spacious rooms, BYOB, don't have to share the mic with any random worthless jerks.  Well, unless you have them in your party.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,4/17/2010,392,291,18,6,3>Koriente is a great, healthy escape from the greasy bar food, tacos and other artery-choking choices in this area. I've gotten something different here each time and it is always delicious and enjoyable and fresh. My favorite part though is if you show up on the weekend they'll give you free green tea ice cream after the meal. On my latest visit, I was eating alone, facing the window. I had just texted my friend to come and pick me up as she was driving downtown. A few minutes later, out of the corner of my eye I saw someone standing in front of me outside the window. Assuming it was my friend I raised up and waved, but soon realized it was not my friend but some fresh-faced girl wearing red leggings, a short skirt and a  half-button shirt nearly exposing her boobs. She was waving her tongue at me and pointing at my food."Oh, what a silly hipster girl," I thought as she walked away. I scanned the area to see if anyone else noticed the spectacle. Minutes later I saw her walking across the street with the crackhead prostitute who always asks for a dime, instead of "change" or "money," or something worth something like a dollar. What is she going to do with that dime? Buy chewing gum? She only has three teeth.I'm guessing crackhead prostitute has found a partner in crime or a front for her business. I hope she takes it back to 6th and Congress though. None of these hipster over here have any money.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,4/15/2010,476,262,30,22,25>My electric lawnmower would not start, so I let it sit in the storage room until the warranty ran out and then, after paying people to mow my lawn for months, read Carl's yelp review of this service place.  I love Carl F.I love mowing the lawn, too.  The smell of the freshly cut grass, being outside, hearing the birds ... all reminds me of mowing our lawn as a kid and I really like it.  I was just a bit slow on knowing where to take it to get repaired.  What prompted my search for a Black and Decker repair place, though, was when I was given my third  B & D tool.  A neighbor GAVE me his year old Hawgbuster blower sucker at his garage sale.  That's right... free.  He was getting rid of it because the bag would no longer fit on the Hawg.  BTW, with a touch of a button, this Hawg both blows and sucks, so I feel like I was gifted a pretty amazing lawn toy.  Blowing and sucking should always be free, right?So, I load my car up with the lawnmower and the Hawg, and I follow Carl's yelp review advice... They give me an estimate for $189 for my lawnmower to be fixed (as it is out of warranty) and then give me a brand new bag for the Hawg, saying it is still under warranty and the bag is free.  Total score.  Free Bag.  Free Blow.  Free Suck.I did not meet a "Helmut" nor did i get a detailed explanation of what they were going to do to my lawnmower... I just wanted them to fix it, they said they would, and they did.When I arrived to pick it up, the lawnmower looked brand new.  BSN... Brand Spanking New. Actually, I  had to ask if they had made a mistake... where was my dirty lawnmower? They also gave me a new battery, a new starter, and they sharpened my blades.  Seriously seemed like a $189 new lawn mower and totally worth it because now I can stop paying others to do what I like to do... mow my own lawn.*Blowing, sucking... free.  Bag, Battery, energy, sharpness... free.  Yelp advice from my good friend, Carl... free.  Dewalt/Black and Decker Factory service... great discovery. (of course, you were expecting "priceless", right?  well, i just couldn't do it... and then again, i couldn't resist, because deep down, i knew what you were thinking...)*this is a nice review, in theory, but this past summer I also took Hoa's advice and "killed my lawn"... which is to say, with the drought and all, I did not water it, at all. There is now a LOT less lawn to mow. Thanks to Carl my lawnmower is alive and thanks to Hoa my lawn is dead.  What is the christmas story about a woman who sold her hair to buy a watch fob and the man who sold his watch to buy a brush...?
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,4/14/2010,50,415,11,6,8>For some reason Pho is really popular right now. Pho and Mad Men are the new hipster status symbol for 2009. If you tell your friends and co-workers that you had Pho for lunch it lets them know that you're way past turkey sandwiches and diet soda.... You're sophisticated. You eat Vietnamese food! You can even impress your friends more by saying, "I had Pho for dinner and then watched season 1 of Mad Men". I don't think there is a more perfect evening of activities for 2009.It's not as if Pho is new... it's been around forever. But the sudden boom in Pho has brought tons of new Vietnamese restaurants into Austin, and they've all added "Pho" to their name. They take their current names, add in "Pho", and boom... eager customers waiting to try this "Pho" that everyone is talking about.I'm not into Pho... or Mad Men for that matter.... so, I just wanted a really delicious bowl of noodles and Pho Saigon delivered! The restaurant kind of reminds me of a mall food court, so I was skeptical, but that didn't last too long.... The chicken was amazing, the noodles were delicious, and the vegetables were fresh.... I loved every bite of it. I'm sure their Pho is fine.... but my suggestion is to venture into the noodle bowls. Delicious.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,4/13/2010,168,138,14,16,18>I have a ridiculously long "to try" list of bookmarked places and KBC has been waiting in line for quite some time.I am currently sipping the most delicious and the biggest cup of Caramel Latte with soy milk and plenty o' foam I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. I am sitting in a booth, logged on to free WiFi and surrounded by nun-chucks, throwing stars, red and black decor, and really neat portraits (they remind me of KISS). Oh, and did I mention the nice barristas dressed in awesome martial arts inspired uniforms? Hands down the coolest coffee shop I've been to. On top of being a really clever coffee shop, KBC also has a pretty nice menu of food items (pizza, baked goods, cereal, etc.) and smoothies AND they have Wii!! Rock on.I only wish I lived closer...I just can't get over how cool this place is (and yes, I know I've used "cool" like 3 times already, but that's really the best description I have).
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,4/12/2010,315,239,8,14,13>Oh yes, Mr. Chen still has the magic. Today, I branched out and had the heavenly leek pancake followed by the lamb skewers, and my partner was generous enough to share her wonton soup. Let me make your mouth water with the details: Leek pancake: an Asian-inspired quesadilla without the cheese, crisp & light crepe exterior folded over stir-fried filling of tender green baby leek tops, a few rice noodles, and a smidgen of omelette morsels seasoned with ginger and some other magic flavors. You get 2 pieces (not the 4 that come with the plain onion pancake, which is not folded). Lamb skewers: 8 (I think) metal skewers, each with 4 or 5 tender quarter-sized coins of lamb seasoned with a smokey chile oil and quickly grilled. A couple of pieces had more fat than I like, but most were the perfect texture and flavor, not too tough, not too gamey. They were delicious bites on their own, but also made a tasty addition to the broth stolen from my friend's bowl. Wonton soup: Mr. Chen seemed skeptical when we asked to have his *ultimate* pork dumplings served in the beef broth (rather than the more mild broth they are usually paired with), but he gave us what we wanted, and boy was it yummy! Just a dash of vinegar and a bit of chile oil made the soup irresistible. I could eat here every day.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,4/11/2010,77,81,,13,13>Torchy's should have never moved - but I'm glad they did because now I found a new taco trailer - Izzoz Tacos!They have just as creative a menu - and they use the freshest ingredients which I find very impressive!!  Both of my tacos were very tasty and guacamole that is made fresh for you!  And a very generous helping of guac at that!  Chips were warm and very fresh.  I had the Bac-Spin taco (bacon-spinach-egg) & the tempura shrimp with slaw taco.  I was downright impressed with this place.  I will be avoiding the crowds at Torchy's new locale and keep walking just a little bit more to Izzoz.  Good job guys - you've got me!NOTE - they are closed on Mondays.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2009,4/10/2010,143,66,14,11,10>Did you wake up this morning and think to yourself, "Dammit, I am too skinny, my blood sugar is waaaaay too normal, and I don't know *how* I am going to meet my daily recommended intake of lard!"?If so, I have a recommendation that will help end your skinny, healthy-assed misery. Oh, poor benighted soul, you should go to Gourdough's!I got my daily dose of excitement just trying to get in the parking lot, really. The entrance is very close to the traffic light, and it's very thrilling to try to get in there if you are south-bound on Lamar. So, that was a good start.Once I got onto the lot, I stashed my car and went up to the window to order. I didn't need to see the menu, I had already made up my mind what I wanted. No, scratch that-- I had already made up my mind what I *needed*. It was time for a Flying Pig.And a bottle of water. 'Cause that's healthy.After I ordered, I sat at one of the picnic tables and waited my turn. A few minutes later, I had my very first gourmet doughnut. It was big and cakey, and topped with crispy bacon and a maple syrup glaze. Words fail me. All I can say is that it was glorious, and it was the first doughnut I've ever eaten with a fork.Probably won't be the last, though.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,4/9/2010,315,273,13,14,15>It's my two year Austinversary, and what a wonderful way to spend it.  Seven friends (some old some new) and I met here last night for what turned out to be a taste delight for me.First of all, it's been awhile since my cocktail tab trumped my meal's, but such was the case last night.   You really owe it to yourself to try a few of their cocktails.  The first I tried was the GINGER APRICOT DAQUIRI flor de cana 4 yr, canton ginger, orchard apricot & lime.  It was very good and very refreshing.  I shared a sip with a few around me and they all agreed it was great.  The next I tried was a friend's drink whose name will no doubt cause many to twitch CEDAR FEVER  It was very tasty.  What's in it you ask?  Well we'd like to ask you - hayman's old tom gin, zirbenz stone pine, st. germaine elderflower & peychaud's bitters.  Clear as mud, right?  Then I went for the RIO 16 cabana cachaca, pomegranate, lime, earl grey & orange bitters.  I remember loving it and I don't think I shared it.  I think I just sucked that one down.  The last drink makes something things about last night a blur...So what was the last drink of the night?  I had the MATA HARI which was an Absinthe drink.  You will want to order this if you have even the slightest bit of show off in you.  The presentation is awesome.  They bring out a big container of ice water that they turn on to drip slowly on the sugar cube and you can control have much or little water you want.   Mmmmm, it was good.  I never had Absinthe before so that was a treat for me.Soooooo, that was the drinking.  Now the food. Briaised Lamb Shank with Romesco:  Fideos Parmesano, Scallions & Garlic Aioli.  Fall.  Off.  The.   Bone.  It was delicious.  I think based on what I saw, that it was the best choice on the menu.  I tried the steak and it was definitely tasty too, but if you are a lover of lamb(if you read my Olivia review you'll know I love ALL parts of lamb) this is a solid choice.It was the opinion of those at my end of the table that we will be returning here for certain.  I want to come back for the cocktails alone.  In looking at the menu again I see the have "Pre-Prohibition Cocktails" for Saturday Happy Hour.  It's like Fino's is daring me to come back.  Fino, I accept your challenge.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,4/8/2010,253,502,13,16,16>Now that I've been to Mulberry to get drunk, eat brunch, and eat dinner (in that order), I feel I can properly review it. To be fair, I'm pretty sure I was already drunk when I went in that first time. And the second. But I'm pretty sure I was sober when I went for brunch, and I know I was at dinner.My pending membership in AA aside, not only does Mulberry have excellent wine (and bubbly) selections, they make a fine cappuccino, one hell of a fried egg brioche thing, and an amazing pate. My favorite thing I've eaten there though, has to be the salmon with the garlic oil and the fried capers. People should provide me with more fried capers in my life.Mulberry's tiny interior and quaint little patio make for a not-to-loud and very comfortable environment. And the tile on the walls in the bathroom looks like little chocolate bars. Parking hasn't ever been an issue for me as there's a garage, as well as plenty of spaces right around the area. I'm trying to think of a witty way to wrap this up, but it's escaping me right now. Just go try it if you haven't already, and make sure to get something with fried capers.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,4/7/2010,184,184,11,14,12>Hey internets, what is up?  Am I some kind of hamburger plebian?  I saw the plethora of 1 and 2 star reviews, tried the place out anyway, AND I  LIKED IT.  I found the burgers to be flavorful and juicy. I didn't find it to be super expensive for the quality of the burger.  Most burger places I've tried that are cheaper are greasier.  I also really liked their buns.  (Ha HA, double entendre!)The hook for this place is that they're environmentally and "health" conscious, as others have mentioned.  It's not quite as over the top as Terra Burger (where even the straws are made out of corn, people!) but the quality of the meat and toppings was nice.  I don't really understand the "health" angle unless you're getting a veggie burger, but once again I'll remind you that I am CLEARLY a burger plebian.Also they have Cherry Coke on tap, which is almost worth an extra star on it's own.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,4/6/2010,103,112,34,13,11>Do you want toescape Tejano and other random un-danceable tunes at Beauty Bar?dance with girls aged 21-23 that know the words to "Lips like sugar" by Echo and the Bunnymen?see a guy try to pick a fight because he thinks another guy is trying to steal his scarf?have a great time "dancing with yourself" to the aforementioned by Billy Idol?make some new friends at an after party hosted by a local rock band?Then check this place out.  It's a good time waiting to happen.  But make sure and get there before all the cute dance partners are taken.Lastly a tip for the guys.  If she seems like she's into you, but suggests a later date for hanging out just say"I'll...Be...Gone...In a DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!!!"*individual experiences may vary
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,4/5/2010,348,383,6,16,12>Why should you be eating at Sichuan Garden? It looks like a fairly innocuous Chinese restaurant in a Round Rock strip mall. A Chinese food foodie might pass it by expecting it to be the same ol' Americanized stuff so common in suburban strip malls across America. Fans of the Americanized junk might come in and be a little out of their element, but ultimately there is food they will enjoy as well.So why should you try this place? Two words. HOT POT. This seems to be a meal that is rare around Texas. Fortunately it is simple to make at home, but there is nothing like sharing a hot pot meal with friends.And I am a bad Yelper because I didn't take any pictures during my two visits with my wife and our friends. I was too busy devouring this favorite China staple of mine. And yes it gets my wife's seal of approval! You can google Little Sheep and see plenty of pics of hot pot if you aren't familiar. I reviewed the San Diego Little Sheep hot pot restaurant last summer, and I think Sichuan Garden may even be closer in flavor to China's original Little Sheep chain. The amount of hot peppers put into the soupy mixture is definitely on par with them! Your mouth will be on fire!  There's always the mild side choice though. Yes the "pot" comes divided. Hot and mild.So what are the choices to cook? All sorts of meats and veggies are brought to you on tiny plates. My wife of course loves the tripe. I stick to the fish balls (take your mind out of the gutter, they are just molded balls of fish or shrimp), thinly shaved beef and lamb. There are also noodles and bok choy . Probably 20-25 different things you can cook in your pot. TIP: I'd skip the imitation crab. It falls apart easily. Some hot pot places use the rolled up imitation crab legs and those do cook better.No alcohol is served here which is unfortunate because there is nothing like beer and hot pot. It's also much quieter and without the hustle and bustle and commotion of a hot pot restaurant in China. Perhaps they allow BYOB?Makes me miss some of China, but we are truly lucky to have a rare gem like Sichuan Garden in Central Texas. I implore all of you who love authentic Chinese to visit Sichuan for their amazing Hot Pot!
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,4/4/2010,90,161,28,15,20>Odd - Odd Duck Farm to Trailer - the nameOdd - Me driving all the way from Pflugerville just to try these goodies.Odd - Me not listening to the friendly advice Kelly gave me that I better order  more since the portions are kinda smallOdd - Me back in line cause Kelly was right.Odd - Me loving all the wonderful choices that I tried.Not Odd - Me coming back here...very soon !
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,4/3/2010,325,414,8,18,10>Don't let the large menu intimidate you.Just open up the menu, point to the Dale Rice article from the Statesman and say, "I want that. With chicken."You can thank me later.Seriously. That stuff is amazing--spicy, sweet, hot, delicious. Never had bad service, either. And the owner always comes and talks to me. It's cheap and delicious and wonderful.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,4/2/2010,76,280,4,12,11>As excited as I was to move back to Austin, I was not looking forward to the first step in that direction, which was finding a realtor. This wouldn't be my first house, meaning I'd hired a few before Mr.Danny Gallant, and in all honesty, I was starting to get a negative vibe about the profession in general. The pattern I was seeing was quantity over quality - get as many clients as possible, and do the bare minimum to keep them.. Fortunately for me, I found Danny. And where did I find Danny? On Yelp, of course. I love this site.I started with his website - filled out a form asking for general information - and received a call back from him within a couple of hours. He made it clear from the very beginning that he wanted my business and he would do whatever it took to get it, and he proved it repeatedly over the course of our time together. He sent over a list of houses for me to check out based on my requirements within a day or so, and worked closely with me to revise repeatedly.I was on a tight timeframe - I was only going to have one trip - 4 days in Austin to find my house and that was it, I needed him to guarantee availability. Not the whole time, of course - I knew he had other clients - but enough for me to see several houses each day, which he said he'd do and he did. He was quite flexible, too - I started off in one area in one price range, and moved both around each day. We were emailing each other new houses and crossing others off late, late at night. Honestly, I couldn't have asked for better service.So anyway, we found a house. Ha! I said 'we'.. that's how it felt. Corny, I know, but I don't care, that's how it felt - we were a team. Each property we looked at, he played it just right - hung back, let me get my own impression, answered any questions I had, then pointed out all sorts of things I hadn't thought about, but totally needed to know. And then, that month - the option period, the inspection, all that stuff - it's hard enough when you're in town, but remotely it can be a real bear. But Danny, he handled it all, going above and beyond my expectations. And now that it's all over, he's going to throw me a house warming party, he does it for all his clients, how cool is that? We're waiting for the weather to warm up a bit so we can take advantage of the backyard, but how cool is that? I can't wait!Thanks Danny - you're the man.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,4/1/2010,310,185,14,13,17>It was a Tuesday.  I was hungry.  And I was right across the street.When I "checked in" at J. Black's, I received a "WTF!?" text update a moment later from a friend who probably thought my phone had been stolen.  This is NOT my sort of haunt generally, but I had been having a few beers with a friend across the street, celebrating his birthday and the end of trivia at Mother Egan's and realized as I walked toward the car that I was REALLY hungry.  Looking around, I saw Joe's, Frank & Angie's, Hut's, Opal's, even Katz's, but I looked right past this place even though it was right there in front of me.My mind blocked it out, effectively pixellating its facade like a booby pic on CNN, because of all the asshattery and douchenozzlery and deafening meatmarketing I had heard about it.  But I recalled the opinions of a few people whose gustatory reviews I trust that I really needed to try this place--for the food.  So I jumped out of my restaurant rut and ventured in.Less than 1/4 full, with soft lighting, moderate music, seats at the bar and sporting a puffy lounge chair section near the back, the place gives of a bit of a Belmont vibe at first.  The rest room was spotless and stylish too, a plus.I took a seat at the bar, was greeted promptly, ordered a drink and got a menu.  Nervously checking for asshats, I looked around and saw instead a mix of couples, singles and small groups, looking for all the world like normal humans, only a bit younger.  I ordered a small plate, from their interesting and somewhat adventurous menu, to be followed by another small plate: Caprese Bites, (crostinis topped with mozzarella, tiny tomato, fresh basil and balsamic vinaigrette) and Oatmeal Crusted Lamb Chop Lollipops (as described, served with a honey-mustard dipping sauce).The Caprese Bites were artfully arranged and nicely plated, and tasty as well.  A simple light bite, served ahead of the other plate as requested (it amazes me how often restaurants get "as an app" or "serve first" wrong)The lambchops were absolutely delicious, and as soon as I tasted one I wanted more.  Nicely cooked, lightly breaded with crunchy  oats and crackers, they were flavorful and juicy inside, crispy & crunchy outside.I'd been here nearly 40 minutes and still had no reason to hate the place.  My spidey senses were on alert for  pushy frat boys, drunken bar babes or hormone-driven obnoxious wealth-flaunters, but no, this was not to be the night for that.  Instead it was a night for a simple, well-prepared light meal, served at the bar by a pleasant attentive bartender at a fairly reasonable price in fairly short order.I left mildly surprised, no longer hungry and $39 lighter, including a way-overpriced Bushmills and a generous tip.   Choose your day and time wisely when visiting, but do visit, and have a great bite to eat.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,3/31/2010,354,138,8,17,15>Jake Bryer and Joel Ganucheau, proprietors of AAG,  know how to have an art opening.  The scene is definitively South Austin.  Any given time I was either talking to a despondent ex-hippy, a lawyer, a punk rocker, or a grizzled vet.  There were hot chicas left and right, and artsy types, familiar faces, and, what in the world... no pretentious attitude that I could pick up on!  It was an excellent time to peruse the show as well as the permanent collection all of which is for sale.  They have just opened a new space next door, installed a cased opening so you can walk through and lit the place from floor to ceiling.  The new space is a great addition since the old space was getting pretty cramped.  I was told that is where they will be showing their featured artists.Austin Art Garage is still one of the best places in Austin to get local affordable original art.  The art ranges from abstract to design heavy, sculpture and photography, and some of the best stuff I've seen was by its proprietors.  It is all worth checking out, and these guys are on their way to becoming the hot thing in town if they aren't already.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,3/30/2010,79,81,28,14,16>I hate Wink.  I hate that it's down the street from me.  I hate my friends who work there.  I hate the daily menu.  I hate the approachable and interesting wine list.  I hate the eight types of mushrooms that were used in various dishes on my last visit.  I hate the lemon meringue pot, the comfortable atmosphere, and the nice stemware.    I hate it all because I work five or six nights a week, because it makes other restaurants look so banal, and because the restaurant's too small for me to set up a cot somewhere out of the way.  I also hate Wink because it took me years-- literally years(!)-- to try it.  Learn from my mistake:  Don't be a hater.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,3/29/2010,212,150,26,20,27>Hello! What you like, dahling?*Dahling? I think I'm in love*What I think best, dahling? Hee hee, it all good, but I make you banh mi.*She is like the Vietnamese version of Zsa Zsa Gabor in Green Acres. I am most certainly in love*Ok, it ready, dahling. Oh, hee hee, yeah, it fast. You enjoy it and come see me again, dahling!*Even if the sandwich is meh, I'm coming back for sure!*Later...*Damn, that Zsa Zsa makes an AMAZING banh mi! Zank you dahlink.*
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,3/28/2010,231,205,15,17,21>In celebrating the death date of Hunter Thompson this past Saturday, the crazy train rolled through Casino for a much needed burger stop and a few more rounds of drinkies. Only a few watering holes downtown could do Dr. Thompson justice, this being one of them. A rock and roll oasis amongst the run of the mill on 6th Street, Casino El Camino is there for the douche-wary minority. Dark as night in the middle of the day, black walls, and drink prices that won't put you in the poor house.At the bar: Immediate service and ice-cold Tito's shots.At the food counter: Fat, juicy Amarillo Burger (holy serrano, that is some mouth fire), cooked to order in under 20 minutes.At the jukebox: My set played right away! Rev. Horton Heat, Roy Orbison, Black Flag comin' right up.Also, don't be afraid to order food here, people. Saturday the sweetest man took our order and couldn't have been more amiable. If you want to pay with a credit card, just start a tab at the bar first and let the cook know your name. They'll transfer the charges over. No big deal.When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. -Hunter S. Thompson
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,3/27/2010,150,65,19,10,16>Long ago, and not so far away, I was in love.  And the guy I loved, loved beer.  Unfortunately, he did not also love me.  But we were good friends.  And occasionally we'd go to a show, or grab dinner, or come to this place, the Draught House Pub, thanks to its mellow vibe and solid beer selection.  Let's call my friend "Sam".One of his friends pointed out that when you sat with "Sam" on the bench outside of the Draught House, his rich, deep voice, reminiscent of that of an NPR classical music show announcer, exactly matched the resonant frequency of the bench.  So when you sat with "Sam" on the bench, you could feel gentle vibrations on your bottom as he talked.I was so nervous around "Sam", I felt vaguely dirty, even a little unethical sitting on the bench with him and being a little titillated by the barely perceptible buzzing on my tush as he talked.  To be honest, that was the closest I ever came to getting any action with him."Sam" left Austin for Norway then grad school.  He met a beautiful young woman and they fell in love and got married.  I went to their wedding.  I hear last spring they bought a house.But as far as I'm concerned, that will always be Paul's bench.  Err, I mean "Sam".
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,3/26/2010,611,369,13,15,18>I have all the self-control of an obese heroin addict. Apothecary understands my hedonistic ways and acts as an "enabler" to my addictions.  In contrast to that OTHER group, Alcoholics Anonymous, Wine-O's Public and other like minded citizens should consider meeting here.  It's nestled near Rosedale with ample parking in the back, hidden from downtown noise.  Red walls warm the interior and surround a plethora of high top tables and bar seats.  The size is just right.  Not quaint.  Not an echoing den of vast space.  I could go in a group and let the coffee drinkers and hummus-eaters have their fare while I hit a Malbec like I need it in an IV drip, smearing cheese and fig jam all over myself in the usual display of alcoholism and gluttony that rules my nights.It's not too far away from the hustle and bustle, but it's the sort of place I'd go to really get to know someone.  No breathtaking views of the city or elaborate light fixtures or anything...  Just a simple, interesting wine bar with kind staff and a little understated polish.  Get your fix.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,3/25/2010,324,543,16,15,16>I got a nail in my tire and didn't realize it ... and rode on it for nearly 2 weeks before it finally decided to go totally flat last night at 1:30 a.m. in 33 degree, rainy weather. I pulled into a gas station where I futilely attempted to air it up, realized I'd forgotten my cell phone at my desk, and walked a half mile back to my office, then back to my car. I waited 40 minutes for my insurer's roadside assistance provider, shivering and wet, for someone to show up to help me. The roadside assistant broke his lug wrench and told me I needed to get a tow. Then he found another lug wrench and told me all the reasons my new car sucked. Another 45 minutes later, the donut was on and I was on my way home.I slept from 4 a.m. to 7:30, when I was awoken by very loud scritch-scratching noises right by my bed (which I tried to ignore for another 15 minutes). Then a little nose poked its way through the insulation around my air conditioning unit, I got up, flipped out, and called my landlord to get him to do something, anything to stop my home from being invaded by chilly squirrels. Thoroughly awoken, though still totally exhausted, I called up Discount Tire to check on wait times. With a 35-45 minute wait expected ("yeah, right!" I thought) I made my way very slowly to the repair shop.The line was somewhat long when I pulled in at 9 a.m., but within 10 minutes I had handed over my keys to a helpful serviceperson. I sat reading in the chilly waiting room for barely 30 minutes before my name was called. My tire was patched and on, and my car was ready to go!I drove home and found my landlord up to his elbows in my toilet, with 15 feet of a 25-foot pipe snake down the hole! And after that free bottle of water at Discount Tire, I really would have liked to, ahem, use the facilities.Best part: I owed Discount Tire nothing! On a day like today, you have to be thankful for the small things!(P.S. Other businesses: This is how you build customer loyalty!)
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,3/24/2010,495,689,22,23,29>Yeah, yeah, I weenie out occasionally--I got to choose between the Lake Austin Magnolia and 24 Diner, and I went with Mags, because I didn't have time to fool around. When in doubt, go with the sure thing. The trick with this place is avoiding their busy times, so you can park in front and zip right in the east wing, which is slightly less claustro than the west wing side. On a Tuesday mid-morning at 10:15, no problem. Three of us, a Popeye omelet, poached eggs Florentine, chips, queso, home fries, a side of blueberry pancakes, one coffee and one odd OJ concoction with a couple of extra plates, and we're grunting like pigs in sunshine. Okay, I made us stop grunting because there was a table of happy home-schoolers next to us, and I'm big on education without distraction. A cool waiter dude, a decent tip, and we're out of there in 45-minutes for $35. I loves the Yelp, it makes me want to try the new and cool. But sometimes I just go with what I know, the world keeps turning, and I haven't fallen off yet.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,3/23/2010,724,628,5,22,20>Based on sheer atmospheric delight alone, East Side Show Room could easily engender a five-star rating. The space channels vintage Paris bistro with a smoldering of sexy steampunk that develops into a slow burn as the shadows lengthen.I found myself here last night unexpectedly, after a failed attempt at the Buenos Aires Cafe down the street (two hour wait...I did not know that even existed in Austin). Thankfully, the wait at East Side Show Room was much less onerous - about 15-20 minutes - although the host told us later that this was one of the slower Saturday nights they've experienced since they opened three weeks ago.As far as edibles and drinkables go, the folks at East Side Show Room have created a menu that is just as interesting as their space. There is a focus on fresh, locally sourced ingredients, and they are assembled innovatively and with great care. I tried a couple of the cocktails - a Zanahorita (respasado, carrot, cilantro agave, and gorgeous black Turkish salt) and a Framboise Flip (bourbon, framboise, farm egg, and peach bitters - like a fresh, summery version of egg nog). Both were utterly intriguing while still being imminently delicious - a combination that I've found can be difficult to achieve.The food menu is similarly unique, although very limited; there were only five entreé choices the evening I was there. If you're going with a picky eater, I'd suggest you preview the menu beforehand. As the menu explains, their offerings "ebb and flow with seasonal availability, whim of the chef, barkeep, and our guests' palates."I (along with all but one other person at the table) selected East Side Show Room's version of shrimp and grits ($14). Four large Gulf shrimp were served atop curried grits made with coconut milk, lime, and mushroom, along with a side of shaved fennel. It was well-prepared and absolutely delicious; my only regret was that there was not more of it, as I found myself hungry again not long afterwards. I think the portion sizes are the only thing I might change about East Side Show Room; both the cocktails and the entrées seems a bit on the small side considering the price (perhaps this is the embodiment of Mireille Guiliano's French Women Don't Get Fat?).The table outlier ordered the special of the day, a grass-fed New York strip ($26) served with frites and a little side of fresh-tasting greens which I couldn't place but which were replete with chopped parsley. The beef had a wonderful flavor, but it wasn't quite as well-executed as the shrimp and grits; the meat was a little on the dry side, and I would have served the frites on the side, as the meat drippings rendered some of the frites a little soggy.Some of the other menu items I need to try on a future outing: the lamb & goat burger (yummmm...) and the charcuterie (pork fillette, bourbon liver mousse with candy bacon, meat of the moment, pickle and house mustard). "Meat of the moment"...I love that.As much a visual feast as a literal one, East Side Show Room gracefully marries sustainability, creativity, service, and atmosphere into a unique and cohesive whole. Austin is blessed with a restaurant scene that is, in most respects, exceptional considering the size of our population. Yet even in this well-vetted landscape, East Side Show Room manages to bring something new - and undeniably compelling - to the table.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,3/22/2010,122,181,11,5,8>Any proper review for such a long-time Austin institution would rightfully have to span multiple volumes. With so much on the menu, so many types of margaritas and beer, so many quirky locations, and countless experiences over the years, anything less would be like writing a one page book review of the Bible.But I'm lazy, so I'll just hit the highlights:1. Legendary Mexican martinis. Often copied, but the original are still the best. At $7-10, they may seem pricey, until you realize that they're served in a shaker and equal at least 2 drinks by volume and alcohol content. For maximum enjoyment, I strongly recommend upgrading from house to top-shelf. Go with a value tequila like El Jimador, and for less than a buck extra, you get a much better mix.2. Two salsas with the chips! The red-green duo aren't just for Xmas (or Lala's Little Nugget) anymore. The green salsa is my favorite ever (it's something about the onions, for sure), and the red is plenty good enough to tide you over while you're waiting for a refill of the green you just devoured. Their chips have had ups and downs over the years, but the current ones are pretty good. Thick and dry as opposed to thin and greasy. Most similar to the On the Border chips at the grocery store, just not quite as dense.3. Excellent green chile enchilada sauce year-round. It's called "Caliente", and it is muy picante. You can also get it on the chicken tacos, but the enchiladas are better, especially since they come with an amazing smoked corn relish.4. Spicy black beans. They're cooked with a spicy pico de gallo that will give you renewed excitement over this obligatory side dish.5. Nice outdoor deck area for drinks and appetizers (or the full menu if they're not too busy). It gets packed at night, so it's best to come on a lazy summer afternoon.6. If you're like me and have bland-eating Midwestern family members, you'll be glad that Trudy's serves a good burger and chicken-fried steak to keep them happy while you enjoy a little spice. Similarly, Trudy's is vegetarian-friendly.There are a few lowlights/cautions, of course:1. Don't bring a big group. The staff has been known to get a little pissy if you show up with too many people. This location is smaller than the others, and stays pretty busy, so they aren't overly accommodating.2. The Spanish rice is often a bit overcooked, almost crunchy. Can't have it all, I guess.Huh, that was easier than I thought...So the Bible: "starts slow, some troubling inconsistencies, kinda racist and sexist sometimes, a few good nuggets of wisdom, and a totally whack ending (B-)".
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,3/21/2010,78,223,4,8,8>Get a margarita here. Seriously. They use only lime juice, tequila and orange liqueur.. no nasty sugary mix. Yum. And only $5! And then order the Enchiladas de Espinacas (Sautéed fresh spinach & roasted almonds enchiladas with tomatillo sauce & Queso Monterrey Jack). These enchiladas were awesome! The filling was fresh tasting and healthy without being bland. And the tomatillo sauce was spicy!  At $12.50 it's true that they're more expensive than many enchiladas that I've had in the past, but the price seemed reasonable given the freshness of the ingredients.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,3/20/2010,288,258,11,14,13>As a kid, I was always a big fan of the show "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman."  And when I walked into Walton's Fancy and Staple, I got the feeling I was walking into Bray's General Store, but instead of hoping for a Dr. Mike run in, I thought maybe a Sandra Bullock sighting would be kinda cool.As I looked over the extensive sandwich menu, something caught my eye.  It was the prettiest King Cake I've ever laid eyes on.  And then as I looked around I noticed Mardi Gras masks strewn about tastefully.  The sunlight coming through the side windows and the simple wooden tables added more warmth to an already cozy place.The salads behind the glass case all looked amazingly fresh.  And the desserts, well, I scolded Megan L for bringing me to such a sinfully delicious place after laying eyes on them.  But the goods didn't stop there.  The store is replete with gorgeous flowers.  And there's a nice lady sitting by the flower counter (making I'm not sure what) at the ready should you need her. My café au lait was one of the best I've had in ages, my po' boy was teeming with juicy oysters, and my carrot cake cupcake came with a heaping pile of vanilla bean butter cream icing.  I've never considered myself a big Sandra Bullock fan, except for her performance in "The Blind Side," 'cause she was pretty cute in that one.  But if Sandra's going to keep bringing fine establishments like this one to town, well that's just fine by me.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,3/19/2010,199,468,12,11,12>I went here last night to celebrate my wedding anniversary.  WOW.  This review is gonna get a little meaty....It was really like a dream....This sounds dumb, but I am not accustomed to:1.  Making reservations (which they highly recommended that you do but it is not mandatory so I did)...2.  Having someone open your canned Brazilian drink for you and push your chair in...3.  Seeing men in matching outfits with neat belts walking around asking you to try their meat....well you know what I mean!4.  Watching my husband look at me like we were dating again---(all because the plethora of meat must have sparked up his life quite magically, really.)So anyway...I could write a novel about many features of this great place.  The staff was amazing.  The food and salad bar was refreshing.  The ambiance was delicate yet nicely prepared like the meat itself, and this was such a fun night!I had no idea what to do with the small metallic tongs (insert jokes here and get over it) until the nicest man ever told me just to pull off what he had cut with them.Yep, I was a total stranger to all of this.........I really encourage the meat, specifically steak eaters/enjoyers of the world to come here.  Check out the prices online, it is all you can eat, you flip your card over to green like green light=go so the various cuts of meat can be walked over to you for you to enjoy to your liking. The bread was perfect.  They also bring you out sides.  You really cannot go wrong here.  I also noticed that the ratio of men to women was probably 90-10 which was really cool.  There were maybe three of us gals in the whole place so wow, I could not ask for much more!I tried a lot of different things and everything was unique and of nice quality in every way.This is a MUST TRY.  Put this on your list!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,3/18/2010,381,228,12,10,10>If you have brunched more than once in your life, you would know that each brunch place has SOME way to get you in. Cheap food or cheap drinks. Well, then you hit the jackpot and find the place that has both. $1 MAKE YOU HOLLA.Seriously? $1 mimosas and bellinis? Sure, I'll have 8. Oh and it gets better. We walked in at prime brunch time and they seated us immediately. I felt like a celebrity.  I know you are already sold but I'll continue to tell you that I tried two different dishes with truffle oil. I can't say this enough but I LOVE.TRUFFLE.OIL. Brunches that don't have it, what are you thinking?!!Cheapest brunch drinks in town, greatest location, fantastical service and scrumptious food. sold, sold sold.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/17/2010,94,263,17,21,28>Disclaimer... I'm still a little giddy from getting married on Friday.  Add to that this is my 100th review, I wanted to save this for something special.  How about my wedding night dinner for my 100th review... Yep, bring it on baby.I was fortunate enough to have participated at a dinner at the Hyatt several months ago, and promised I would definitely do this again.  The Southwest Bistro has a great concept called the community table.  It was perfect for our 9 guests to join us.  I visited with the manager on the phone, Mano, and he coordinated with me my budget and made arrangements for my two non-drinkers and my shell fish allergic wifey.  They could of totally up-charged me here, I was curious as to what do folks generally do and they simply asked for my budget and they would run with it.  And, boy did they ever!Chef Kevin put together a 5 star dinner.  The community dinner is one which is made up of local produce and game.  And he didn't miss a beat.  Starting with a Chile Dusted Shrimp on a home made tostada and Guacamole as the amuse bouche.  My Susie got a pork empanada for hers.  They paired this with Champagne and non-alcoholic Champs.  Next up was the Pan Seared Scallops, Suzie got house made bacon served on arugula.  This time a wonderful Chardonnay was served.  I went for the Lamb with Arugula Pesto... very small complaint the chops were not french cut, but nonetheless perfectly cooked and seasoned, I spied several of us chopping down on the rack in search of one more small bite.  I don't drink red often, but the cab which was paired, I even enjoyed.  This led us to the final yummage.  A toffee pudding cake.  This was incredible.  Food is suppose to heighten your senses and what can I say... one bite of this cake, I was back in London, as a school boy in my little uniform, beanie hat, and blazer eating Christmas dinner at one of my neighbors..It reminded me of the Christmas Pudding that I grew up with.  It was fantastic.My reviews are usually a little snarky and I try to be funny.. but you know, I am so humbled that the woman of my dreams accepted me as her husband and to be followed by such a perfect evening just humbles me to no end.  SWB... you gave us both an evening we will never forget, for this you will always have a very special place in our hearts.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,3/16/2010,146,505,11,8,9>I love Japanese game shows. There I said it. One great way to relax to some celluloid candy is to sit back and watch a really engaging episode of Majine! Crazy American dudes in crazy foam costumes sucking up a body's weight full of some Kool-aid looking crap, running across a chocolate river, over movable softballs and through some door which may or may not open, which may or may not have chickens behind them, only to squeeze out the Kool-aid from said costume into a pitcher the size of my foot? Heaven! OK. So, I am not on the next flight to Tokyo to participate in the contest, but I CAN go to DK's sushi on Monday night and get some of that celluloid candy in 3-D. "One...two...three... SAKE BOMB!!!!" yells the half-cocked karaoke host who will gong your ass if you choose to sing a song and consequently suck at it. Even if you do suck, you still get the free sake bomb, and the host will down one with you. While I ate, I watched him suck through about a dozen... not lying! So this host will corner you with insults ("Hey, here we have our next singer, this gay porn looking guy." "Or, this lady with the big knockers!" It's hysterical. My advice is to take this experience as lightly as you can. For instance, don't sing the actual lyrics to Piano Man. In this venue, you just look boring. Rather, make up some fractured lyrics, and you will gain everyone's favor, not get gonged, not be called the "gay porn looking guy" and get your free sake bomb. I know what you are thinking: "All this atmosphere must mean there is bad food, right?" Uh... no. The tempura was perfectly breaded, fried and sauced. The agadashi -- succulent. My father-in-law usually does not like the restaurants I pick because I am not a truck driver, and I say things to waitresses such as "How are you today? I really like your blouse," while he says, "Aren't you coming to my house later to celebrate my birthday? I'll be wearing my birthday suit.  Heh Heh Heh!" But this place he will LOVE because it has all this entertainment and X-rated porn showing on the karaoke screens. After 14 years, he may begin to like me yet! Now say it with me... "ONE...TWO...THREE! SAKE BOMB!"
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,3/14/2010,53,40,10,12,9>Every once in a while you come across that one special place.  Tucked deep within a strip center off the side of the road unbeknownst to the hundreds of cars that pass it each day.  For those who are unaware of such diamonds in the rough let me present to you, Andiamo Ristorante.  Upon entering the restaurant I was amazed to find a quaintly intimate dinning area that could have been taken straight from a movie scene. This Italian restaurant has a very classic appeal set to a mandolin based soundtrack.I have to admit it was somewhat difficult to make a decision on what to order because everything on the menu sounded wonderful.  As to not appear as indecisive as I was already feeling I ordered the Linguine Lucy Johnson. (Diced shrimp with cherry tomatoes, portobello mushrooms)  I'm not sure who this Lucy Johnson is exactly, but she must be a saint to have such a dish named after her because this dish was heavenly. Just like Andiamo's surroundings the food was absolutely delightful.The over all experience was hands down 5 stars.  I would have loved to have stayed longer drinking more wine, but I knew it was time to gracefully make my exit when the mandolinist played the theme from the Godfather. Like I mentioned before, Andiamo Ristorante's atmosphere was straight out of a movie scene and I know what is about to go down when that song is played. ;)
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,3/12/2010,109,129,8,14,14>Friday night, requesting table for 9 at the Original Homeslice. Got there "early" to get our name on the list so we could sit down and eat before our 10:30 movie at Alamo. Two and a half hour wait...SHOOT. That's not going to work. Should we go somewhere else?? Two quiet female voices say nooooo, please no. We've been craving homeslice all day since we decided to come here. We're at an impasse. Until the neon lights of "More Homeslice" glimmer off the eyes of one of my friends. What about checking out next door?? We saunter over to the newly opened slices / pick up version of Homeslice just south of the original Homeslice on Congress. Trying to get our bearings, we look around. Lines everywhere. People sitting at high tables and stools, Some eating pizza, some drinking beers, some just waiting. A friendly guy named Shawn comes up to me and asks if we've been waiting long and if we need any help. He explains the process. Dude-sweet. We order our pizzas. They're done in 15 minutes. Mind you, the place was PACKED and they still got the food out in record time. There are a few tables and ledges so if you're worried about going to More Homeslice because you want to drink beer with your pizza, or want to sit down. It's still possible!! I still enjoy going to the original for the sit down, we have no schedule so we don't mind waiting an hour or two nights. But if you're in a bind and REALLY want some foldable amazing pizza--try the dine in or pick up option at more homeslice! Six packs or single beers available to buy w/ your Pizza. Love.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,3/11/2010,81,207,7,10,11>I stumbled upon CK Thai after a failed attempt to eat at Tarka, which was packed and had stopped taking orders for an insurmountable amount of time. The kitchen was backed up and they needed to play some catch up. So we stood in Tarka's halted line for a good 20 minutes before deciding to venture elsewhere.Enter CK Thai.While seemingly small at first, the place actually had plenty of seating beyond the main area, near the back. There was no wait and we were promptly seated. The decor is somewhat questionable. Abundant with plastic fruit displaying on the ledges of each partition, fish net hung from the ceilings like cob webs displaying an array of fake hologram like, glittery fish and sea horses. While not the best decor in the world, it was amusing to peruse as we waited for the food to arrive.Now to the food. My usual staples to judge a Thai restaurant is by the Green Curry and the Pad Thai. So that's what we ordered. The curry was flavorful and spicy. I normally like a little more curry sauce than what was served (sauciness to veggie ratio about a 1:3, rather than my preferred 2:2, but that's just me). It had veggies in the curry, but it was more like bamboo shoots galore. It still tasted good to me, but warning for those who don't like bamboo shoots..you can't just pick your way out of this dish!The Pad Thai was about a solid 7 out of 10. Not too sweet like some places make it (which was good for me) and not overly saucy or overly dry. Plenty of bean sprout, carrot, and peanut action going on. PLUS.The waitress was overly nice. For some reason it seemed she took a liking to putting her hand on my back and hovering down to my level every time she stopped to check on us.. asking me how things were, if we needed water, and how we liked the free appetizers. It didn't bother me at all, just reminded me of something my aunt or mom would do at a family dinner.The portions were plentiful and we had plenty of leftovers for the next day. Made for a good lunch, but like Kevin mentioned, the meal did ring a little less true than it did the previous day. Full tummies nonetheless!  Overall, return probability is high.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,3/10/2010,184,302,11,22,21>We were having a hard time figuring out a nice place to take Veek for her birthday dinner, several suggestions were considered and it was getting to be the eleventh hour.  Then suddenly BAC flashed into my mind, probably because I had seen some good reviews of it here and we'd never tried it before.Veek was immediately interested so we made plans to try and get there early to avoid any wait.  Dragging the whole famn damily down to the east side, fighting the late rush hour traffic, can often be an exercise in frustration, but we weathered the traffic on 35 fine and arrived to find plenty of open tables. Seated immediately, we loved the tastefully decorated space.  After an embarrassing 'performance' at our recent holiday party, I've gone on the wagon for a bit, but Veek quickly found some good options for wine, and we decided to try out some of the empanadas which were described so elegantly on their menu.Let me tell you, those were the best empanadas I've ever had.  I've been in town for long enough to remember people raving about the Empanada Parlor, and I never really understood why folks thought their food was that great.  But the puffy delights at BAC were wonderful - I tried the spicy beef and the vegetable ones, and both were delectable.  I especially loved the vegetable one, rich with spinach and cheese.   I wish I had another right now.Everyone loved their entrees, as many have said before me the plates are presented artfully.  I tried a few bites of the other entrees and truthfully I could say that I would have been pleased with any of them.Desserts were well received, too.   My favorite was the Quatro Leches, but the flan was subtle and delicious, and the dark chocolate layer cake was rich and creamy.  Ample parking right on 6th made it a breeze, as well.Dinner wasn't inexpensive, but we were celebrating so that's to be expected.  The main goal, to show Veek how much she means to us, was attained.  Great job Buenos Aires Cafe, I expect we'll be back.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,3/9/2010,39,54,10,12,10>Buenos Aires is one of my favorite restaurants in the whole wide world.For three specific reasons: the food. the service. the ambiance.Food:This reminds me of my mother's home cooking (if she was Argentinian and a good cook, that is, which she's not, so I guess it doesn't.)  Okay, scratch that.  This reminds me of some delicious, South American inspired, made with love, lavished with care- home cooking.  It's not overdone.  It's just simply... ah.  Every time I go, I always start with the empanadas, which are savory and cannot be missed.  But people, you have to try  their gnocchi. It is always perfectly cooked, dressed to perfection and the perfect amount of goodness for my belly.  My lady always goes with the Shepherd's pie.  Apparently it's the shit.  The service:Great.  Really, really good.  Even though there is like 2 of them running around in a tiny little space, they make time to care for everyone.  If your wine takes a bit to come out, it's okay.  It's just okay.  Any other place, I would be pissed.  Cause I need my wine.  But no.. here, you really understand that you're the guest and these people are your hosts and if you just chill, they will take good care of you.  You know that you have good service when you ask about a specific bottle of wine and the waiter gives you "that look".  Thank you!  "Which one is good?"  Now that good bottle of wine is one of my all time favs.  Oh!  Plus... there was a 45 minute wait, so they took my number down, told us to go drink a beer at G&S and called me when the table was ready.  Holy shit.. I love you!The ambiance:Just so nice.  Cuddley and intimate and so Austin to me.  Like a little gem next to a ghetto pawn shop.  I would recommend sitting inside.  It's just too lovely to miss.One Suggestion:Don't bring boring people to talk to.  Bring family. and close friends.  This is not an uptight place.  It's a place to fall in love with your partner over desert or a place to laugh until you cry with your best friends over a reasonably priced bottle of wine.Highly recommended. and Highly appreciated.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,3/8/2010,62,47,6,12,8>One can never have enough 24 hour places that serve breakfast. And so was happy to have 24 Diner open up a few blocks from me.Our entire table of 6 ordered the same thing: the Waffle Breakfast. Waffles, 2 eggs, meat (sausage, bacon, country ham or veggie sausage) hash browns and fruit. A lot of food for not a lot of $$. Everything came out hot and yummy. Be aware, the country ham is very salty. Love the decor. Love the sign above the bar detailing the names of the local farms where the vegetables are from. Wish it was bigger because it's so good it's gonna be packed alot : )
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,3/7/2010,94,126,10,9,12>One of the nicest things about riding a motorcycle is being IN the environment as opposed to just traveling through it. This morning I was cruising around and caught just a HINT of an aroma on the breeze. Just a microsecond long whiff of SOMETHING. Well, I knew what it was. That minute sniff was enough to cause me to pull the bike in and indulge.  I enjoy a good donut. I've been known to kill for a good donut. These are such donuts.  The place in Connecticut where I grew up now has a Dunkin Donuts. Every surrounding town now has Dunkin Donuts. I've always been a fan, but they pale in comparison to Round Rock Donuts.Krispy Kreme? Fuggedaboutit. Overly sweet blisters of flatulence.Gimme the orange ones any day.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,3/6/2010,368,209,12,10,11>Dear Yelp, I want to marry Paggi House and be Mrs. Paggi House. I love everything about this place. I swear the first time I walked up the stairs I thought I was in the wrong place, maybe someone's private party? It's the closest to a spa +  restaurant concept I've ever experienced and I have experienced a lot of spas and restaurants. I really love the cozy outdoor patio (duh) furniture and heaters and, oh,  the blood orange margarita, and well, that's all I had tonight. If you want to know more about the food at Paggi House, please refer to the dozens of other reviews here on Yelp. The End.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,3/5/2010,62,69,10,11,18>Its a dark morning with no moon, the birds have been roosting all night. The air is cold like steel. Methodically I go through my ritual of packing my shooting bag, gun, decoys, gloves, waders, jacket. Duck hunting is a lot of work. It's a tradition I want my son to show my grandson.Still an hour before sunrise, the ducks are preparing to jump from pond to pond. The sky is beginning to soften on the horizon. The anticipation makes me work faster setting out decoys, watching the water ripple I wade through, now beginning to notice the dark curtain lifting. A summer of waiting, preparing, outfitting is almost over as I sit under natural cover trying to become part of the landscape. In the distance I hear wings, still too dark to see the birds, still too dark to see me. They rush in, fly through, circle, then land. Now just enough light to make them out. A majestic pair of Mallards. I will leave them on the water. More will come. For now am just enjoying the morning.I laugh to myself as I hear my friend John say "the birds fly so fast because they know they are delicious". I take my share for the day, no more. 2 Gadwall hens, 1 Blue Wing Teal, one American Widgeon, and those two Mallards. Later that evening as I sit by the chiminea under the influence of red wine and pinion smoke John asks me where I bought that shooting bag, his is wearing out. I draw some smoke from my cigar and as I exhale I tell him Sportsmans Finest out in Bee Caves.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,3/4/2010,485,555,33,11,26>My dad came into town a few years ago. The first thing he asked while I was helping him book his upcoming trip was: are we going to that place far away where they cook the meat in the ground all day?! Yes dad, yes we are.It's probably best to put this review in perspective: my Hispanic family does not eat out. Ever. When I go visit home, there's not a scratch of outside-prepared food in sight. However, when my parents visit Austin individually, their personalities change. My accented dad wants to know where we're GOING, not what we're EATING. He becomes a ramblin' man, with no place to call home, needing to be out and about. Well alright.Out we go. We'd all reached the I'm-getting-pretty-hungry level about 6pm one evening, the day we'd planned on the Salt Lick. We warn my dad it's a ways away, and he was up for the adventure."Is far? 40 minute? Tha's okay to me! What else an gonna do?"We told him it's BYOB, and he immediately knows what to bring. "Is good Dej!" he proclaims about his beloved Manischewitz. Ok dad :)About 30 minutes into the drive, I believe my dad's status changed to I'm-hungry-and-this-better-be-good. The car got quiet, and I could sense his desperation when we reached the end of Mopac and he asked how far we were. This part's my fault: I always think it's just down the road once you T at Mopac. It is not just down the road.By the time we rolled in, my dad was looking nervous, and his eyes were bugging out. I was worried. When they told us the wait was 40 minutes, we had to catch my dad as he became faint."Oh Dej, what we gonna do now?" he pleaded. Except there really aren't any options around. So he miserably paced, maniacally giggling every now and then. "Wow, I can(t) believe we drive so far to suffer in a restaurant." I'm sorry dad, I said, and I assured him it was pretty good - right? isn't it good? I asked SO. Yes yes, it's really good.We're finally seated. We ordered our meals. The food came out 3 minutes later. I couldn't find my father in the flurry of bones and food that flew from his general direction. In 5 minutes, nothing remained on his plate, and his Manischewitz bottle was down by half. The beans, prepared unlike what we eat at home, and the coleslaw were gone. He looked delirious. We ordered dessert to go.In the car, dad was verklempt. "WOW Dej! Tha(t) place is COOL! The ribs were good like WOW! Man I like the old wood. Wow. An gonna tell your mom about this place. WOW! You getta bring her here when she visit. Wow. Oh man. Tha(t) was good. They don't getta place like this in New Jersey. Wow." I could already tell he was going to get himself in a world of hurt telling mom (who's ribs are perfection) about how great the food was.I whipped around and handed him a spoon with blackberry cobbler. He gobbled it up and said "Dej, they leave the bone in this one." I don't think my dad had ever had blackberry dessert. We all laughed so hard we nearly puked.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,3/3/2010,392,147,26,16,21>A tremendous blessing of gigantic pho or vermicelli or stir fry bowls in a location cursed by the almighty.A bowl of hot, salted edamame.  A food.  You eat it.  Similarly with the spring-ed rolls. Hai Ky crushes the competition with herculean blows of superior Vietnamese value and taste!The competition?  Places on the campus drag.  (The drag: a location.)   A gulag of indefensible tripe, reminiscent of dreck that caused Soviet war prisoners to choke and refuse.  Risible!  To the competition, I verily chortle at thee in stentorian tones.To beat such competition is no task of even remote difficulty and yet Hai Ky beats it with ease and verve befitting a thing which beats other things.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,3/2/2010,47,101,7,8,8>I once fractured/broke my nose, collarbone, and hand simultaneously during a National Rugby Playoffs match. I flipped my parents car when I was 15 and lived to tell the story. I once had my ankle shattered in a mosh pit in Germany and had to fly back to the states in a cast to get surgery.Bikram Yoga was more intense. Hands. Down.I like to think that I can handle adversity pretty well, that 90 minutes of some glorified stretching is a piece of cake. Oh how wrong I was. My first session at BYD was probably the most intense thing I've ever done, in terms of enduring prolonged physical stress.I decided to cash in on the sweet deal of 39 bucks for a month of yoga, which I highly recommend you do if you're considering it. The room sits at about 106 degrees, 40-60% humidity if my memory serves me well, and can be as quiet as 6 people to as busy as 30. I don't need to explain the change in dynamics in there when your body count increases by 500%. Hawt.So, having been a high-weight, low-rep, high intensity, low endurance kind of athlete for the better part of my college career (followed up by pseudo-competitive drinking and all that comes with that), I was not ready for the treat that is Bikram Yoga. But, I have to say, it's a really great experience, and I think if you're looking for something physically challenging but also something that gives your mind some rest with calm meditation, this is going to be right up your alley.The stream-of-consciousness sounding monologue you get from the instructors is relaxing, but after a few sessions feels contrived because it's a methodical and precise accompaniment to the stretching, obviously tried and true. I did get my money's worth out of the sessions, and far beyond that, and i hope to get some more out of it before my month runs up. The folks behind the counter are always in a good mood and very supportive of your decision to rip some muscle fibers, be it at 545 in the morning of 6 in the evening.You can use your pass at either location (Pressler and 5th or at the Westlake studio), and once the instructors meet you a single time, you name will be committed to memory. Pretty sweet if you ask me. Do the trial, buy yourself a little mat, bring looooots of cold water, and don't let yourself be discouraged by the first class. The more you go, the easier it gets, as well as getting acclimated to the room temperature.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2009,3/1/2010,136,153,10,4,5>Huuuuungry eyeeeeee. One look at your fajitas and I can't disguiseeee. Huuuungry eyeeeeess....You know what? I'm going to stop right there. You sing alot of things when you're delirious with hunger - alot of things you don't mean. I once sang a very special version of, "Just a friend" by Biz Markie to a plate of bulgogi. I was dragged back into here kicking and screaming after a few bad experiences that had previously locked this restaurant squarely in my "No-fly zone" of eats. I will admit that her promises of tender, flavorful fajitas were not a thinly veiled attempt to coax me into eating somewhere nearby. Plus the plate for two we ordered was heaping with well cooked beef, peppers, onions and tomato. Now I'm feeling the magic between the fajitas and I and it took me by surpriiiiiiissssssseee.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,2/28/2010,141,179,15,14,13>My children bled here.(Stay with me).Our tradition is to get the mussel appetizer* w/ fritas. Yay for garlicky blobs of perfectly wine-cooked sea stuffs and giant buttered garlic toast! Hurrah seasoned frenchified potatoes w/ savory dipping sauces!One of the best Caesar salads in town. Our joke to servers: please hold the fish....   but you don't have to actually *hold* the fish. Har har!Yummy pizza margherita. They have gladly made a tasty grilled cheese sandwich for the 5 year old. The gnocchi is solid tho' the last time I enjoyed it, the red sauce tasted a bit rushed and underdeveloped. We are big fans for the tiramisu and cannolis with parental glasses of port.My guy and I love taking the family here to enjoy an epic dinner w/ our boys ("epic" means we efficiently eat 3 courses and run -- to, for example, play mini-golf).You know this place has good ju-ju because once a glass top was cracked and at the end of the meal, woah, suddenly both boys had sacrificially bleeding fingers!Staff was mortified. We were just happy that no one called CPS.Nice staff brought us band-aids and apologized (while also smartly avoiding taking any responsibility for cracked-glass-top-related-bloodshed). It's cool, we said, our bellies full of great food and wine and glass cuts deemed superficial. The next time we went back here for dinner our boys nervously asked, "There won't be any broken glass this time will there?" My guy and I were like... maybe?Har har! (No really, please don't call CPS.)*Once we asked for the mussels when it was off the menu and not exactly in season and they made it at our request. And when we sent them back for not being fresh tasting, they had no problem taking them off the bill-- without making us feel like jerks.Most excellent.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,2/27/2010,421,256,18,17,21>'The amount of glass being tossed around in here is incredible.'True, a majority of the barstaff at Péché know their way around the Book of Bar Tricks, and beyond. Single-finger-twirling of glasses, millisecond-measuring of millimeters worth of Mezcal, over-the-shoulder passing (and catching) of shakers... I had to close my eyes for a bit back there. Somehow calling one of our bartenders 'Garçon' was translated into 'dark matter'. No matter.  There seemed a ghostly but playful sigh of relief as we were seated at the bar, likely from the numerous painted mademoiselles on wall art swooning over absinthe-based cocktails.  Green fairies abound here, though I'm sorry Mademoiselles: Absinthe just ain't my thing.  To find My Thing however, I chucked the drink menu and talked with the barstaff, mainly the head bartender Russell Davis. Tell him the golden words: 'Make me something that I'll like' and somehow given vague information of your tastes, he will be able to concoct a drink you won't likely refuse. It took me a few hours and a handful of drinks to get the feel for what I like. My ventures: - one gin + champagne blend- one birch beer- one gin-something that was a leetle off point, not enough sweetness- one red mystery drink with a blackberry as a garnish [edit: Gin Bramble]. This was my 'I'd like to take this in a different direction' venture.A group of four seated at the bar on a Friday night might've seemed a little hard to hear, but a group of 3 is perfect. Towards the end of the night, I could easily overhear my non-party neighbors (although I bet they party just as hard):- Wife to husband: 'You should really start telling me to stay out of your business.'- Quani to Ryan: 'She said she'd get back to me in four sips.'- Russel to no-one: 'Everyday I'm hustlin...' Katt Williams rocks, and Russell knows how librarians are always hustling: [youtube.com/watch?v=kLDiI was pleased to notice the clientèle here tends to encompass more wine connoisseurs, fewer jäger-bombers. More vests, fewer pearl-snaps. And much more chatter of the difference in effect between shaking and stirring: it makes a galaxy of difference.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,2/26/2010,188,425,21,16,16>So that scene in Blazing Saddles when Lili von Shtupp unzips Sheriff Bart's pants and proclaims "Oh it's twue...it's twue!"  That's exactly how I felt after my visit from Petticoat Fair.  Studying all the previous Yelp reviews, I was a bit taken back with the declarations of women not knowing their bra sizes and crying in relief of finding the perfect home for their sweater kittens.  No way would I be one of those reviews, maybe I'll go in, get measured and find a nice new bra or two.I bring a friend in tow on a lovely Saturday afternoon.  The plan of action was already impressed on my mind, walk to the front, sign your name and wait about 15 minutes to be called.  Well this wasn't the scenario - it was jammed packed in here.  There are about 8 people in front of us, but I will be seen today and I will bring home a new bra.  We browse the store and check out the selection of nightgowns, sports bras, lounge ware and boob novelties.  This is the place to get your dimmers, clear bra straps, pasties, boob tape, need to cover and minimize? - they have it here.About 45 minutes later, my name is called and I am lead to the back fitting rooms.  A nice lady asks me to remove most my layers and measures my chest.  She then returns with a basic bra to try on to gage what type of bras would look better on me.  To start off, I have been the same bra size all my life.  I'd like to call my girls a little bit less than a handful - and honestly, I buy a new bra and wear it for years and years.  Most of them have the straps falling off or the underwire bent.  I just don't like bra shopping.  But back to the story, the sales girl returns with a bra, I try it on and surprisingly it fits really well.  She has me lean over and sorta grabs the back straps and pushes my girls in.  "Wow, they look really, really nice in there."  So snug and cozy....look at how big they look!"  I start to get excited and she leaves to get more bras for me to try on.  By now, I have not even looked at the size.  I grab the side tag  and stop dead in my tracks.  34D.  No f'ing way.  Not in a million years would I EVER try on a D.  After the shock wears off, I ask the girl if the size is correct and she smiles.  "You've been wearing the wrong size for quite awhile.  Most women do and never realize it."  That's when I think back on all the Yelp reviews and think it's twue...it's twue!I walked out with 2 amazing bras (which were priced under $35) and self confidence in my chest I haven't had in awhile.  21 glowing reviews can't be wrong.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,2/25/2010,474,618,9,17,18>I think I am in love. And it comes in the form of a ham and cheese croissant (made with local Gruyere cheese!) This may soon turn into  love/hate relationship, as I see myself gaining several pounds by coming here every Saturday. It was the most buttery and flaky croissant I've ever had. Hats off to the pastry chef! I managed to pull myself away before I dove face first into the plate of french macaroons. (Orange Chocolate macaroons? Holy Cow!)The woman who runs this little coffee/pastry stand is so nice and chatty. We collectively decided that calories don't count on Saturday and I should go for that cream in my mocha. Now if someone could deliver that memo to my waist!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,2/24/2010,989,456,12,16,11>After skipping church and watching a few reruns of Hell's Kitchen on Sunday morning, I was suddenly reminded through all of Gordon Ramsay's screaming that I wanted to try the new British pub out in Westlake. My brother was visiting from school and he said he'd go with me. I also have a friend who works there, and thought maybe she'd be there too. We went at an off-hour, around 4 or so, so I can't really tell if it was "busy" or not. The interior was what I expected, and you will surely never want for a TV. In my head I even thought "I wonder if they've got TVs in the bathrooms, geez!." (They do.) Apparently my brother liked the short skirt/kilt thing the waitresses wear. I, of course, don't give a crap. We sat in the bar area at a corner table. Two middle aged women were just finishing up a meal, and a group of older gentlemen were having beers. A group of three people that I believe was a girl, her dad, and her gay, were ponied up to the bar. It didn't take too long for the girl behind the bar to come take our first orders. As an appetizer, I ordered the Scotch eggs, and little bro got the Cornish crab cakes (at my insistence). The Scotch eggs were more flavorful than the ones at Sherlocks, but I'd avoid using the mustard that came with it; it's too overpowering. The crab cakes were surprisingly excellent; they weren't fishy and were actually quite flavorful. Overall, I'd reorder the crab cakes, but the Scotch eggs were somewhat unremarkable. At this point I also ordered a Newcastle from a pretty good beer selection. For entrees we went traditional British: fish 'n chips for me, Shepard's Pie for him. According to him the Shepard's Pie was delicious, and I could tell the portion was generous. The most important thing for my fish was that it not taste too fishy, and it didn't, so I was satisfied. It came with two good sized fillets and I got a dish of Guinness mac and cheese. Midway through out entrees my friend arrived for work (yay!), and she was glad to hear we liked everything. She personally made me my dessert (traditional English trifle), which was a nice light ending to the meal. She said next time I should try their bread pudding, which she described as amazing. So overall, this quiet mid-afternoon "linner" went quite well. After reading some of these reviews before I went, I was extremely cautious of the food, but it came out just fine. There's nothing I'd say that was particularly phenomenal, but for pub food, it got an A. As for the negatives, I couldn't help but muse about the rather unfortunate location. There's nothing else around it, so logistically it makes it a difficult place to integrate as part of a larger evening; it's a bit far, so not conducive to bar hopping. However, it's also too far for anyone NW to want to drive to if they'll be drinking, and the South siders have downtown/SoCo to entertain them, so there's no need to travel here for them. Basically, it makes sense for the Westlake neighborhood. And that's what I suspect a lot of the clients end up being--an older Westlake crowd. Also, something that crossed my mind (but may not be applicable to what is essentially a chain restaurant) was the size of the menu. It's a pretty involved menu (19 appetizers alone, 7 soups, 14 sandwiches, a dozen British entrees, a dozen Yank entrees, and a whole range of desserts). If there's one thing I took from Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares is that he always tells a restaurant, and especially a pub, to SIMPLIFY the menu. The danger is sometimes the menu is split in so many directions that the overall quality suffers. That did NOT happen here, but it was the first time I ever thought a menu could be trimmed. As Tim Gunn always says: edit, edit, edit! Is it sad that my directions in life seem to come from people on TV. Don't judge me!!!Anyways, I rank this a 3 1/2 stars, but will round up to four because I would definitely go back. It's nice to have a British pub in Austin.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,2/22/2010,141,127,14,16,17>Ladies and gentleman, welcome to my date bar of choice.First of all, drinks are cheap, and happy hour goes till 9, so I don't feel bad about letting a fella pick up the tab if we're out on a first date or something.Second, they have a huge sake-bomb menu, so you and your paramour can loosen up by sharing a fun drink together--I'd recommend they kai-boyee (Cowboy).Third, if conversation starts to lag, you can simply wonder over to the arcade games and pick up some friendly conversation.Plus, certain nights of the week they have fun events....free game play night, free hot dog night....just go check this place out.  They even have a cute patio right off West 6th.The moral of the story here folks?  If you see me at Kung Fu Saloon with a guy, and it looks like things are going well?  Don't interrupt us :-)
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,2/21/2010,4221,482,2,18,8>In the Austin Cupcake Wars, I would have the give the nod to Delish Cupcakes.  I was in wow of their selection and great customer service, and you just can't beat that 20% discount offered to Yelpers - - which made it an even better experience.  I tried the Black & White, Mexican Vanilla, and Red Velvet (yeah, I'm a pig, but not all at once).  They were all awesome - moist cake and plenty of frosting.  I was very pleased that the quality of the cupcake was still great since I had bought them only a few minutes before closing time.  I was thinking they were sitting out all day and wouldn't be as good, but they tasted as fresh as can be. Compared to Hey Cupcake and Sugar Mama's, here's the lowdown:- Hey Cupcake has the biggest cupcake and they're $2.50 per.  Their frosting is awesome, however, they have only a few selections and sometimes their cake is not as moist.  Regardless, they are very close #2 as you get the best bang for your buck here. - Sugar Mama's are just as moist, however, they have less frosting on their cupcakes and are $2.50 per.  These guys are a very close 3rd place (IMO).   Delish offers several selections, changes them around during the week, it's a moist cake, and you never run out of frosting when you're finishing your cake.  How could you not LOVE that 20% off for Yelpers?!?  I walked out paying $7.17 at Delish!AWESOME!  Delish has my vote as the best cupcakes in Austin!  Check em out, Rezrie!!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2009,2/20/2010,522,1205,11,12,10>Chubby Hug Happy Fun Noodle Time?!? who the hell names a place that? Apparently a trailer at 51 ST and Duval next to the Peddler Bike Shop does:) Cute trailer serving Asian inspired Vegetarian and Vegan Noodle dishes! It was a rainy day and the sweet and spicy noodle bowl for 5 bucks was the perfect comfort food! I was sure that I would be the first to review this obscure place but Evan R. "beet" me to it:)
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,2/18/2010,211,223,13,20,17>so how is it that i've lived here for 14 years and finally just made it to sambet's?  and by "here" i mean it is literally about 2 miles from my house.  well, i suppose it's the same reason why i've lived here for 14 years and just this very moment learned that that neighborhood is called "barrington oaks".anyway, the boudin sandwich was really good.  the boudin is the real deal.  we also had the veggie muffeletta which rocked - with provolone and pepper jack grilled with chopped green olive salad on some awesome muffeleta bread.  i think there may have been lettuce and tomato on there too -but it didn't last long enough for me to recall.  what sealed the deal for me was the red beans and rice, one of my faves when done right.  and sambet's knows what they are doing.the owners are not cajun, but they could've fooled me.  oh, and i was duly impressed when i noticed the 100 they got on their health inspection (proudly displayed, which it should be).  i am sure you realize that it is really really hard to get a 100.  really hard.it may have been my first time, but it won't be my last.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,2/17/2010,739,709,24,29,27>I am shocked and chagrined!  Hubby had to practically drag me to this spot last nite as the name itself implied cheap, overly heavy food, like a Denny's or Jim's.  And the strip mall location!  Well, just know that a restaurant in Cedar Park is generally a crapshoot anyway. Hubby kept telling me it's a "hidden gem" and he's right!First I was shocked by the wine list...they offer several Argentenian (tempranillos and malbecs) and Italian wines as well as the Cali house variety.  Then I was chagrined by the fresh, light as air, cajun seasoned potato chips they bring to you for free!  As Clark H mentioned, this is a family endeavor and they've had succes over the years doing Chinese food (I believe this Asian family is from New Orleans) and now they're puttin out some really good Cajun food.  Alas, perusing the menu, it is a lot of fried foods and sandwiches, poboys, etc.  They do also serve fish grilled or blackened, but I was saved by the specials board.  Crab scampi???  I didn't have any idea what it was, but you had me at crab...and scampi.  They brought it out in a bowl and believe me it was just like Pappadeux's fondue but no cheese.  Crab chunks, olives, spinach and tomatoes swimming in a creamy, garlicky, buttery bath, just waiting to be scooped up on buttered French baguettes and eaten with a sigh.  And here I was, avoiding the fried foods, but I probably just consumed a gajillion calories anyway.  So don't be fooled by the location, the decor, or the name of this little Mama-san and Papa-san restaurant.  Fool me once, shame on me.  Fool me twice and...er, uh...well...a fool can't get fooled again (to quote our eloquent ex Pres Bush).
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,2/16/2010,344,274,26,20,16>I'm at Thunderbird coffee shop right now but I'm looking at you Chekos.  It's not like I'm "casin' the joint" and monitoring your patrons, making sure that you don't dole out that delicious salsa to undeserving condiment tramps.  No... I'm not stalking you... I'm just taking an anonymous interest in your life.But since you brought it up, I DID think that your super nice and accommodating staff was treating me like I was special... that the delicious tamales and home-made corn tortillas were made so lovingly tasty just for me.  Somehow you achieved the tortilla Holy Grail... the corn tortilla that tastes and feels like a flour tortilla.I'm not angry, I'm just sayin' that there are LOTS of people who appear to be walking out of your place MUCH happier and satisfied than when they entered.  I thought I was special but it appears that you leave everyone with happy endings.Thus I must accuse you of being both cheap and finishing strong.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2009,2/15/2010,101,160,9,11,7>Drugs, Rock and Roll Bad Ass, Vegas Hoes Late Nights, Booty Calls Shiny Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Disco Shiny Disco BallsI almost felt that way when I walked into this hype we call "The Highball". My expectations were high as well as I'd be spending a pretty penny. Whatever I heard, I wanted to at least experience it for myself. Very cool ambiance and great service!!! Impeccable, not doubt about it. I thought it was odd they didn't start to play any music until after 8. Don't you realize it sets a tone/vibe??? The reason I give it 3 stars - the pricing. I know.....and I'm not really a cheap skate but seriously $8.25 for a Miller Lite & 512??? I understand the concept and all the money spent to build this place but in my opinion, you won't live long after the hype and time has gone by. I hope it stays open as it's a great concept but I highly doubt I'd be back to throw down at least $100 for two. The bowling is old school; which is awesome. I think it's great you get free snacks while you bowl but seriously any realistic person would not put their hands into bowl of nuts after handling a bowling ball. Perhaps switching to snacks that you can be easily be stabbed with a toothpick as it would make sense and not be wasteful. Maybe it would help on lowering the prices??? There are only 8 lanes and I speak for people with petite feet, get a few smaller sized shoes for the ladies!!! I had to wear a men's 4-5, which was a size or more too big. Therefore, it gave me a disadvantage as my feet slipped in the shoe. I say that with attitude because I lost. Not once, but twice. And last but not least, the fries! I'm a fry lover. I love it with all my heart. It's #2 on my list "If I had only one thing to eat". For $7.50 for a bowl of fries, I was expecting to have my socks knocked or have to change my panties. Sorry, I had to emphasize as you typically pay $2 for fries. Yes they were good, I like them crispy and I was hoping for unique twist. You know, something so rare that I didn't mind paying that much? They dashed some herbs on it and gave us two sauces. Ketchup - what tasted like Worcestershire sauce for the twist of flavor and something like an aus jus sauce. WTF? Seriously, that was $7.50??? I was expecting heaven. I was sooooooo disappointed. We also had the shrimp cakes - I wasn't impressed as they dumped tartar sauce on the top and it was very salty with chunks of baby shrimp. Oh also dress code: if you want to fit in, must wear skinny jeans and look hip. I didn't get the memo. Also, don't wear your workman's shirt unless you want to look like you're an employee. :) Great for a date, group of friends but I wouldn't say it's family friendly unless you're all over the age of 21.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,2/14/2010,246,167,14,8,11>There's a HUGE part of me that's ready to throw this joint under the bus (and when I say HUGE, I mean it, my beer gut is getting outta hand) for being TOO good for you and TOO good at the same time.  Thankfully, I just can't do it.  This little intimate cafe has been right on when it comes to pressing my hunger button.  My gluttonous Twinkie eating self would like to joke and sneer and make fun of these dirt worshiping hippies and their grown fresh in the garden out back dishes, but they are just too darn delicious to mock.  My fast food junkie sensibilities are easily pushed aside for this spot whenever I enjoy the peaceful, cozy little house turned restaurant on the East Side (aptly named) and the Lady and I have had quite wonderful meals here, her with her veggies and I with my slaughtered and roasted animal flesh.  It can be, and has been, the best of both worlds, and we like it a lot.  Now I'll make some sort of hemp sandal joke, just to make myself feel better.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/13/2010,115,127,9,16,14>I knew I'd like this place when one of the daily specials was the Navajo Chicken Taco, a dish I used to love at Z Tejas; in fact,  we used to frequent Z Tejas when we lived up north, and are now excited to have the venerable Jack Gilmore cookin' up locally sourced numnums right around the corner from the casa. This lovely building with a fabulous view of the greenbelt and a cool outdoor patio has been several incarnations, and hopefully Jack Allen's is here to stay. The menu is full of ab-fab, fresh, comfort-food-kicked-up-a-notch offerings. On this outing I chose the fish tacos, which were comprised of sublimely spicy grilled flounder and avacado, wrapped in not one, but two fresh corn tortillas (just the way I like 'em), with a delish slaw on the side which I stuffed into each taco. The fish tacos are on the appetizer menu, but two of them were plenty for lunch. My BFE wasn't crazy about his BLATT, since he was expecting toast-like bread instead of big sourdough bun, but his sweet tater fries were great so he was happy.Along with a full bar, they have a nice selection of wines by the glass, which makes my inner wino giggly-happy, including Becker chardonnay, which was served at the perfect temp (just cold enough) to bring out the lovely flavor of the Texas gem. Our server  was friendly, knowledgable, and the whole staff seemed happy and excited to be there, which added to the ambiance. They even sell mason jars of pickled jalapenos, beets, slaw, salsa, and stuff like that, which is a plus. The jars are small, but those jalapenos...YUM! They're roasted and pickled with seeds in tact, and a coupla slices of carrots to make it so right. Hot Hot Hot. We will definitely go back for Happy Hour, dinner, and enjoy some time on that patio, and most likely I'll be updating Jack's to 5 stars. Stay tuned...
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,2/12/2010,238,365,17,9,13>The girl that worked the counter was pizza-sexy. She just looked like she could make mozzarella twists with her tongue. Totally sexy. Of course, this comes from someone who thinks Ida Garten is sexy because of the way she roasts her chicken and plucks rosemary. Anyway, I came here with a group of friends. Because my friend was in a giving mood, he decided he'd buy my pizza for me: the margherita. 20 minutes later, everyone else at the table has their pizza.Me, I've got nothing, but I'm still waiting. Sexy pizza girl simply could NOT have forgotten my pizza order, could she? 'But, she did. She apologized profusely and five minutes later, a pipin' hot pizza appears in front of me. Instead of my margherita pizza, she brought out the potato goat cheese. Oh well, I'm not picky, and man, I am thankful for little mistakes.The pizza was perfect: crust, perfect; flavors: spot-on; me: perfectly content.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,2/11/2010,178,69,29,19,25>Best "Ladies Night" I ever spent with two straight dudes. Our good friend Mike L. came up with an awesome b-day present for me. " Hey Rez...wanna go to the shooting range? Monday night is ladies night."  I responded by gleefully jumping up and down in place. Last monday, flanked by Mike L. (sideshow sure shot?) on one side, and my sharp-shooting husband Matthew H. on the other, I swaggered into the shooting range room with a stiff upper lip like I hear gun shots up close every day. Then I heard someone's gun go off. BOOOOOOOM!  I turn and stare at an amused Mike L. and Matthew H. BOOOOOOOM!  My heart started racing like crazy and I was feeling anxiety full-on. Squash your feelings down! Do not show fear!  Wide-eyed and waiting.....waiting....ohgod,ohgod,ohgod..........­*click*BOOOOOOOM! I'm tugging on Mike's sleeve shouting 'MIKE! IT IS TOO LOUD!'  He tells me to go back out to the counter where they offer foam earplugs, thank goodness. I tell the friendly guy at the counter it's my first time at a shooting range. He tells me he's sorry it's so busy (arrive EARLY on ladies night, the place was packed by 7:30 and I think they're open till 9) and that he wished my first experience had been a solo one at the range...but that the ear plugs should help. Ahhh. Much better. Ear plugs in and  'eyes and ears' on, I'm feeling considerably more gangster. I go back into the shooting range room and step to. I am READY. I watch Mike load up his .45 and take his shootin' stance....pow! pow! pow! He starts making patterns in the target. He gives me a little instruction (safety, hammer, squeeze slowly, breathe, don't anticipate the recoil). My turn!I step up to our ally and take a breath. Concentrate. Don't worry about the bullet shells flying around you everywhere. Don't covet the pink sound cancelers of the woman next to you. But they are so cute! No! Concentrate. Relax. This is s'pose to be FUN. My hands got all sweaty and after a few rubs down the front of my jeans, I grew a proverbial pair and squeezed the trigger until it went 'click.' BOOOOOOM!  My mouth dropped at the sound and force and recoil. I  turned around to see Matthew and Mike laughing. "Go again, Rez. You've got some more bullets."   *click*BOOOOOM!.....hm, that felt a little better. POP! POP!  Eeee! I actually HIT the target a couple of times!  "You're out Rez! You're out of bullets," I hear as I try to squeeze off a couple more rounds. After firing off a few birthday rounds with Mike's .45, .380 and .357 (my favorite) I felt surprisingly relaxed, and excited to come back to practice. More! More!  At $7 an hour (half-price) for a lady on ladies night, it's really affordable. Free gun rentals for women on ladies night, too. yee haw!  The only other thing you have to buy are the bullets (I don't have a price on that since my birthday bullets were provided). Martinis and manicures? No thanks. I want  to go back to Reds for ladies night.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2009,2/10/2010,124,118,19,21,20>This is called progress, people. Or what I like to define as being an adult. While we may, on occasion, still end a bender with a late night Denny's visit or Whataburger run, or possibly feel nostalgic for that deep-fried burrito and greasy-smelling fountain soda from the nearest convenience store, many of us post-college mid-career folks don't have to live like this at bender-ending time anymore. I'm just glad there are restaurateurs who understand that Benders Happen, even at our ripe old ages, and keep a nice variety of last stops on the menu for us in this town. Luckily, the last stop of last night was here at Max's where I left a half-rack of sparklingly cleaned rib bones on the counter and washed down all of that meaty goodness with a bold red. Thank goodness I had been drinking, therefore believing myself to be invisible, otherwise I would have been embarrassed by the rate of speed with which my lower mandible was operating. At least third-gear, I'm thinking. Anywho, those ribs kick some major ass. I've been a lover of the rib since I first learned to chew and these, my people, landed in the top five percent of my all-time Ribs I Love list. No one will ever beat Dad's, of course, but these ribs are nice. They fall completely off the bone (about 4 or five hours of cooking time, I'm told) and then the chef like, fries them for just a second, or something like that. I couldn't hear him very well over all of the chewing and swallowing going on. Whatever, it's a clever trick. Makes for a rib that falls from the bone when YOU want it to, not when IT wants to. Wow, I remembered all thAT? Must have been a memorable piece of meat. The wine was pretty good as well. But like I explained to my friends, it would be unwise to discuss wine once your palette has been shot for the night. Maybe next time. Because there will be. I'm an adult, after all.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,2/8/2010,235,240,10,11,8>LOVE this place!Dr. Snow is so personable and remembers a lot about his patients. I have only been here once before - 6 months ago for a teeth cleaning and I went in today for another cleaning and he remembered conversations we had previously and knew like everything about my mouth. In any other world than dentistry, that would be super creepy, but here it's awesome!Also, get your teeth cleaned by Christine if you can! Dr. Snow usually does it himself if you're new - just to get to know you (cool, huh?) but on repeat visits, get Christine. She brutally cleaned my teeth today. In a good way - my teeth feel and look like they just popped out of my gums and saw light for the first time. She's awesome and everyone is extremely friendly.Go! Now! Your teeth should be begging you at this point.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,2/6/2010,467,441,9,20,16>On one of my recent visits, I was referred to as a "special customer," leading me to give them a special review... my 300th.  A pedi chair was speedily readied for me as I chose my color (although they were busy) and I was taken care of with the dedication I've come to expect from the ladies here.There's not much I can say that probably hasn't been said already.  They're  sanitary, they have quite the variety of polish colors to choose from, and they're well priced (even with a decent tip).  I've changed my previous allegiance from the place in the Hancock Center to here... all because of the hot stone massage.  As they wrap up with the oh-so-ticklish water part of the pedicure and slather your legs with lotion, they get hot stones and massage some more, resting your feet on them while they prep and paint your toenails.  Once you are escorted to the nail drying table, they grab a couple more hot stones and massage your neck and shoulders as well.  On my last visit the lady (I don't know her name, she's new) massaged my scalp, too.  It was very nice.Why four stars instead of five?  My pedicures never seem to last as long as they should.  I'm not sure if it's the techniques they use or the products, or maybe I just wreak havoc on my toesies.  Or, perhaps, it's a method they use to get repeat business.All that aside, I'll continue to be a repeat customer, a "special customer."
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,2/5/2010,91,169,15,11,15>There is something about The Liberty that always makes me order a double. I don't know what it is, and it isn't something I do anywhere else. I'm a big fan of the big backyard with plenty of picnic tables. I'm not such a big fan of the wonky doors on the bathroom stalls. But after a coupla double whiskeys, I pretty much don't care if the other ladies catch a peak of me doing my business. You've been warned.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,2/4/2010,161,122,8,10,8>Lives have patterns. In mine, I'll find round trip tickets to LA for $250 three hours after I book them for $400. I'll lose my cell phone in a bar, buy a new one, and have the old one returned a day later. In the case of Phara's, I found the single best first date place in Austin. This, of course, occurred shortly after I entered a committed relationship where I don't anticipate ever having another first date. FMLPhara's is a very deceptive little restaurant. It's across the street from a heavy metal pizza place and a sex toy store. It looks tiny when you enter it but it has a HUGE patio an private room. General impressions - First date restaurants say a lot about you. If it is off the beaten path and unique it shows that you are smarter than the last guy she went out with. If it is a unique cuisine it shows that you are more cultured. If it is dark and romantic it shows that you are ...um.... dark and romantic. Point is, for a first date it doesn't hurt to appear romantic, cultured and smart. If you are all of those things and you do NOT bring up an Ex or say something about "looking everywhere for the right girl because you are tired of banging random bar sluts every weekend" you might actually get to third base. Whatever. Point is, inside or on the patio Phara's has a great ambiance and general vibe. Food/Drinks - IMPORTANT - Phara's is BYOB so make sure that you bring whatever it is that you plan on drinking. NOW: they DO charge a $3 per person corking fee but if you think about it, a bottle of wine that sells in a store for $18 will usually cost $40 in a restaurant so you are getting out pretty cheap... especially if you are going to go through multiple bottles and in reality, a restaurant DOES need to turn a profit so I won't complain about an extra $3 a person. Food - We ordered the Mezza sampler and it was incredible. The hummus was fresh, the tzatziki was great, everything was wonderful. For my entree I ordered the Beef Tenderloin La Zeez which was absolutely incredible. It is prepared in a habanero garlic sauce which is spicy and delicious and can be tempered with the tzatiki sauce if you are a little girly man. Service - Our waiter, Orion (I think that's right), was perfect. He suggested menu items but wasn't upselling us. He let us know about everything Phara's had to offer but we never felt like it was a sales pitch and he split the entree of my girlfriend and her friend into two portions on two plates. He also let us know about upcoming events at Phara's and other amenities it had to offer. He also said that we could camp at our table as long as we wanted after we finished eating despite the fact that the restaurant wouldn't get any extra revenue from our BYOB wine. My service at Phara's was probably the best I'd had in at least a year. Overall - I loved Phara's and will probably go back at least once a month. The food was amazing, the atmosphere was perfect and festive and the service was impeccable. I would happily recommend it to anyone.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,2/3/2010,431,381,11,13,11>So I walked to Frank & Angie's today after work.  My boss let me go at 1:30 for T'giving, and I was hungry. The place isn't too big, so I didn't think I'd have trouble getting noticed at the cornermost table in the darkest corner.  But I did.  I later told my waitress, Aundrea, that I was doing a Yelp review, and she hoped I wouldn't mention that she didn't see me for the first few minutes I was there.  I didn't and don't hold any ill will.  Had I waited any longer than I did, I probably would have gotten peeved and gotten up to angrily ask the counter person if I was going to be waited on.  But that didn't have to happen.  Aundrea (I hope I have the spelling right) came over and was apologetic about my sitting there for a few minutes, so no problem.I ordered an iced tea, and Aundrea recommended a good white wine (I can't remember what it was).  I was surprised that the wine came in a regular small glass instead of a wine glass.  The glass, in fact, was exactly the same as the set my parents have that I'd used eons ago growing up.  Suddenly, childhood memories flooded my brain with emotion and soon flooded my eyes with tears.  Thank you, Frank & Angie's!  Okay, no, that didn't happen.  But the glasses really were the same.I got an offer I couldn't refuse on the Al Pacino ("white alfredo sauce, herbs and spices, mozzarella cheese on a thin crust").  Topped it with crumbled meatballs (Bill Murray).  The meatballs, unlike Bill Murray, were nearly forgettable.  They weren't as bad as the God awful "meatball" (read: breakfast sausage) atrocities I'd had at The Thistle Cafe, but they weren't as good as the meatball pizza topping at Reale's.  So I picked off the meatball and ate the rest of the pizza.  The pizza was pretty good.  Pretty good crust, good herbs and spices, great alfredo sauce.  Next time I set foot into F&A's, I'll get the Al Pacino as is, no Bill Murray. I enjoyed the '60s music, but it makes me wonder if they change the music genre selection daily.  I know it's been, like, three years since the only other time I went to Frank & Angie's, but I swear they were playing Italian music at that time (Sinatra, the Godfather love theme, etc).Aundrea gave me a taste of the Don Cannoli filling, and it was so great that I ordered the Don Cannoli.  I will now have to deduct a point because the waitress convinced a diabetic to order a dessert.  No, I'm kidding.  Is it ironic for a diabetic who has, ahem, dietary restrictions to be doing restaurant reviews?  I normally don't like cannoli at all.  The breading stuff on this cannoli was standard, so I concentrated as much as I could on just eating the filling.  The filling was wonderful.  Better than any other cannoli filling I've ever had.  I'm sure I will go back to F&A's to order the Al Pacino and cannoli again.  It wasn't the best pizza I've had in Austin (hello, Reale's!), but it certainly wasn't the worst (hello, Onion).  I do recommend putting garlic on the pizza.  That's what I got a few years ago, and I remember really liking it.Thanks, Aundrea, for a great experience, and thanks for offering to give me my tea to go.  I hid it from the bus driver while I was getting on and enjoyed it all the way home!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,2/2/2010,704,840,29,25,27>Oh Torchy's, you're so fine, you blow my mind!  Hey Torchy's!  Oh Tacos, you're so good, you're in my 'hood!  Hey Tacos!  Oh Queso, smack my lips, it's on my hips!  Hey Queso!  Northwest Hills has always been cool but now it is super cool with a Torchy's Tacos. (Don't let the door hit you in the butt on the way back to Dallas, Burger House...)  My husband blew my mind and brought me a Migas Taco in a corn tortilla this morning for breakfast.  Egg, cheese, green chiles, pico de gallo, avocado--oh mama!  It will be important to remember how close this location is to Anderson High and when the students go to lunch for easier access. Taco Shack, you better step up your game.FYI: THERE IS PARKING IN THE LOT BEHIND TORCHY'S!
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,2/1/2010,41,66,8,13,10>It's a little misleading to call this strictly vegetarian fare.  While many omnivores may be scared at the thought of BBQ tofu, the menu is densely packed with more standard comfort food like spinach lasagna and cheese enchiladas.  So fear not, non-vegetarians, Mother's will have something for you.  Yes, it's vegetarian, but not all dishes are uniquely so.That being said, avoiding the house specials will detour you from the best things on the menu.  The aforementioned BBQ tofu is deliciously firm and coated with a thick, homemade sauce.  The Reuben is tasty as is, but add some grilled organic tempeh to it and you have a magnificent sandwich.  Likewise, the TLT replaces bacon with marinated tempeh for terrific results.  For those of you scared of vegetarian cuisine, a TVP-based sloppy joe probably doesn't sound overly appetizing, but it's another gem of a sandwich.Still, for as many stalwarts as there are strewn across the menu, Mother's is somewhat hit-or-miss.  When they're on, the dish can send you to foodie heaven.  When they're off the food can taste somewhat like Styrofoam layered with flakes of cardboard.  Avoid the mushroom stroganoff at all costs, and the enchiladas can be painfully average at times.  You genuinely have to be prepared and adventurous when ordering, because the more exotic dishes tend to be the best on the menu.  Better safe than sorry isn't an adage that really works here. Ultimately, vegetarians will extend a little hyperbole regarding Mother's.  It's our little baby.  Similarly, most non-veggies will approach Mother's with more tepid feelings, if not predetermined disgust.  The truth is somewhere in between.  Mother's can be fantastic or dreary, depending on what you order.  Arrive with an appetite and an open mind and you'll be rewarded.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,1/31/2010,150,124,14,13,16>They were "stackin em deep and sellin em cheap" at today's Grand Opening of Tiff's Treats in Westlake. It took about 45 minutes just to place an order, and then another 1 1/2 to 2 hours to get your cookies in hand. I guess that's what $3 per dozen gets you.The staff and patrons alike were all extremely friendly and patient. Tiff's even treated weary waiters to cold bottled water.Welcome to the neighborhood with your warm cookie goodnes....I don't know whether to kiss you or curse you;)
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,1/30/2010,199,518,14,18,17>I decided why not go to the Austin Motel for one night.  It was during the summer when my dad visited me and just to make a long story short I was locked out of my new place.  It was the middle of the night because I was working the night shift and I was really tired.I thought to myself I'm not far from the Austin Motel why not spend the night there. I drive myself over there and check myself in. Just an FYI - they do not take AAA and State Employee discount. They had a room that was $100 a night so I decided to take it. I was tired.I love kitschy, vintage stuff so obviously I love the Austin Motel. But the AC unit kept me up all night and the bed was bumpy as hell. Austin Motel is part of history and I'm glad that I was able to check it out. If you have visitors here's something to keep in mind,1. If they are open minded and can rough it, put them in the Austin Motel.2. If they are high maintenance, then put them up in the Driskill or the Hyatt.3. If they are into history, put them up in the Austin Motel.4. If they are cool and hip, put them up in the Austin Motel.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,1/29/2010,392,291,23,19,24>Remember how you always used to ask what day was my birthday. For some reason you could remember everything I told you except that. You probably asked me every time we saw each other. It's funny how it's always the little things..... Well, today is my birthday.One of the last times I thought I was ever going to see you was the day we went to Asia Market. You came over and said we probably shouldn't see each other anymore. You had a laundry list of reasons and I thought they were pretty valid. I said "that's cool," because I wanted you to be happy and to have the ability to find yourself on your own. I said we should probably have lunch together one last time and I suggested Asia Market. I ordered the beef and broccoli and you got sesame chicken, because they were the most recognizable things on the menu. The plates were huge and enough to feed four people. We could have easily shared one plate. The food was awesome as always. It's funny how you were impressed that I could use chopsticks. Is there any other way to eat Asian food? I tried to show you how, but you gave up too quickly. When we were done eating we walked around the grocery store looking at all the strange items and laughing at their packaging. I picked up some green tea mochi and went to pay for it with my debit card. They have a $10 minimum on cards, but the woman went ahead and sold it to me after I told her I didn't have any cash. I told her I'd be sure to remember next time. We ate the mochi in your car and got powdered sugar all over the place.We went back to my house and said our goodbyes. You had difficulty getting out the door, but you finally left and I watched you drive down the street. "That's that," I thought.I found you a week later on my front porch. It must have been a lot harder to leave than you imagined. For another month you'd  come over to ask me when my birthday was before you left for good. Well, today is my birthday.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,1/27/2010,92,180,3,16,14>I've been here multiple times now, sampled 3/4ths of the menu, and really can't think of a single negative about the place -- aside from the fact that it deserves more business than Torchy's has been getting!  I've found their entire menu consistently more flavorful than Torchy's all around - with the added bonus of far fewer crowds and there always being ample parking.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,1/26/2010,476,262,72,30,38>A PUBLIC LETTER TO THE OWNERS: Hi.  I met you on my first day when Josh, the neighborhood cop bought 5 donuts on his weekend job.  You seem like nice people.  I am doing my damnedest to resist the Hell that is Gourdough's. When Collin, the barista at Brevita next door called me a "regular" at your new donut shop, I completely denied that 3 donuts in your first 3 weeks of being open made me a regular.  He sucks and you suck for opening up temptation in my backyard.  I never want to see you again.When longtime vegetarians say stuff like, "Uchi made me eat raw fish" or "I have not eaten meat in 27 years and the smell of BBQ at the Salt Lick made me eat 2 pounds of brisket" or " I have been a Lesbian for 22 years and this guy made me crave an enormous sausage..." I always think, that is SO not applicable to me. Well, here is my dirty little secret... in the 6 months between April 1 and my first viewing of your effing cutesy "FAT" and  "DONUTS" signs (sorry, "BIG" had been stolen by Josh before I ever arrived), I had not had ANY bread or refined sugar and you evil assholes now have me waking up craving doughie NUTS.  They suck.  You suck. We all suck. Thanks to LittleFatty'sHouseofDonuts, I have begun to battle the evil doughie middle by starting Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred.  Day 3 sucks.While the recent announcement of "previewing" donuts has met some major resistance in the foodie community and has only created one tattoo, two pierced nipples and one death, I have thought of a couple truly sublime new doughnuts that could lure me out of effingdoughnut retirement after I am completely shredded:Cookiedough-nut:  fresh, raw tollhouse cookie dough inside of a hot doughnut topped with chocolate fudge and crushed walnuts.Filet and Foie:  Thunderheart Bison cooked medium rare with Foie de gras from local farm all inside of a freshly baked donut topped with caramelized onions.Pumkinhead:  Honey butter and brown sugar hot frosting atop fresh hot orange colored doughnut with cinnamon/salty pumpkin seeds on top.So, sugary sweet owners, is it obvious that I think about your livelihood just A LITTLE too much?  If you do take me up on creating one of the above 3 doughnuts, could you maybe nickname it "Kimberly's Favorite" or "Redhead's Delight" so that I could live on long after I experience Death by Doughnuts? Oh, yeah, stop it with the innocent smiles and playing nice-ey nice every time I stop by... More than anything right now I want a super flat model's stomach as I have decided I want to BE my model avatar and I will NOT be tempted by you any longer. If you see me I beg you, DO NOT SELL ME ANY DONUTS! I sincerely never want to see you again. Well, maybe in 28 days.  You all need to wear devil's horns on Halloween... Just calling a spade a spade.Thanks for reading,Kimberly "you suc"K.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,1/25/2010,315,273,25,23,21>Don't order steak at a seafood restaurant, right?  Wrong.  It's actually pretty good here.  Last night 9 of us convened and I had to be the blacksheep.The hanger steak was very good.  Everything I tried was very good.  The calamari was very good.  The hush puppies were very good.  The blueberry shortcake with the sugared thyme sprigs and the coconut empanadas were very AMAZING.Interesting to be in the restaurant that used to be Mars.  One thing I do not remember was Mars being SOOOOO loud.  I mean it was really too loud to suit me.  When I have to say "What?!?" several times to people not that far from me, that annoys me.  That is my only complaint.This part of the review is my marriage proposal to Brent our Adonis of a waiter.  Hey, Brent, I'm sure you're proposed to 20 times a day, but I'd be remiss if I didn't throw it out there.  Think about it.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,1/24/2010,253,502,4,22,25>There's something about this place...being in the waiting room reminds me of being in the waiting room of my oncologist. If you're here, things probably aren't great for you and your pet. That's how we ended up seeing Dr. Locke here in September.My dog had been acting weird, not eating, throwing up, and his belly was enormous. Because of some past weirdness with our vet, I decided to take him somewhere new, which was Love Pet Hospital. At Love, Dr. Davenport did an X-Ray and didn't see my boo's liver. Also, she took a fluid sample from his belly and the fluid wasn't good. She made an appointment for us at CTVSH and off we went.I was in tears when I walked in the doors. It was so sad. But then we were taken back by Dr. Locke and we chatted a bit, and she took Rudy off to do an ultrasound. He was feeling so awful that he was completely calm and not the least bit disturbed by Dr. Locke examining him. And let me tell you, that was a first for him!She came back and the news was grim. Rudy had an infection, his liver was only functioning at 30%, and this was the end. She drained as much fluid as she could from his belly (3 lbs worth!), gave us a course of antibiotics, prednisone, and another Actigall, a drug used to treat liver failure. She told me to put him on a low protein diet and told me how she made food for her dogs and what she put in it.We went home and I cried and cried. Rudy got started on his treatment, and within a couple of days, I could tell he was feeling better. Within two weeks, he was actually seeming like himself.By the time we went back to see Dr. Locke, he seemed so much like his old self that I couldn't believe he could be sick. And to top it off, he actually approached Dr. Locke himself! He let her love him up, poke him, examine him, take blood, everything! This is absolutely unheard of for Rudy. I've never seen him take to a vet, even the one that came to our house. We got the blood results back from that second visit, and to everyone's amazement, every one of Rudy's blood markers were perfectly normal. Today, we still take the meds and eat a diet of homemade low-protein food. There's not a drop of fluid on his belly, his coat is shiny, and I swear, he's got more energy than he ever has in his life. I can't express how much I love Dr. Locke and CTVSH. I hope that none of you ever has to find yourself here, but if you do, be reassured that you are in excellent hands.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/23/2010,184,184,52,24,20>An excerpt from "A Complete Guide To Identifying and Cataloging Goths", some of the most common specimens you will see here on a Saturday night:Wears fishnets, leather jackets, and vintage band shirts that have been cut-up or otherwise modified.  May have teased and dyed hair.  Listens to Sisters of Mercy, Bauhaus, and Siouxsie and the Banshees.  Smokes clove cigarettes, drinks rum and coke.  Classification: Old School Goth.Wears PVC, towering platform boots, and fuzzy leg warmers.  Has dreadlocks, plastic bits, or tubular crin instead of hair.  Probably has goggles strapped to their head, and may be carrying glowsticks.  Listens to EMB and Synthpop.  Drinks something called a Jaded Dragon, which looks a lot like antifreeze.  Classification: Cybergoth.Wears combat boots, military jackets, and tank tops.  Has a shaved head or a mohawk.  Accessorizes with spiked bracelets and collars.  Listens to music with angry German lyrics and stuff that uses saws as instruments.  Smokes like a chimney, drinks beer or whiskey, and will kick your face in if you bother them.  Classification: Rivethead, aka Industrial Goth.Wears Victorian-styled clothing and corsets.  Does hair in a fancy updo, perhaps with a top hat.  Listens to Voltaire while drinking a glass of red wine.  Classification: Romantic Goth.  (If majority wardrobe color is brown instead of black and they have more than one gear or watch part on their person, use Sub-classification: Steampunk instead.)Wears t-shirt, jeans, and sensible shoes.  May wear a baseball hat.  Drinks PBR.  Stares at everyone and looks really confused.  Classification: Someone who thought it was Sunday 80's night.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2009,1/22/2010,235,378,47,31,23>A friend and I decided to join a CSA last Spring, and spent some time researching the different farms in the Austin area.  We selected Green Gate because of the location (its one of the few farms actually IN Austin city limits), the variety of produce they offered, and the overall value.  Every Saturday morning, we would take the short drive to the farm to get our fresh veggies.  Some other CSA's have your veggies all bagged up for you ready to go.  Green Gate does it a little differently, and we like their way much better.  For CSA members, there is a chalkboard listing what is in the weekly share (i.e. 2 heads of broccoli, a bag of green beans, 1 head of each variety of lettuce, etc...) and then like at the farmer's market, you get to select your own. They also have a farm stand for non-CSA members or in case you need an extra squash (but trust me, you will never need an extra squash!), some eggs, fresh meat, flowers, or a tomato plant, you can pick that up there and skip the grocery store altogether.  We really enjoyed our bounty and discovered some new veggies (hooray for kohlrabi!).  We are eagerly awaiting the first Fall harvest.  But be forewarned-you get a LOT of veggies and things could get ugly.  Between my friend and me, we were feeding 2 two-member households.  The veggies had no shame, and why should they?  They were fresh, young, delectable.  They took over my refrigerator and ganged up to intimidate my other food.  Tortillas were hiding in the back, trying to go unnoticed.  Yogurt was cowering behind Salsa, while Salsa was just trying to blend in.  I found non organic store-bought Carrots withered and dead in the deli drawer.  It appears to have been a suicide, but that was the last straw for the older inhabitants of my fridge.  I could tell they were planning something big. After the Carrots incident I had to start giving away my excess veggies before there was a Mutiny on the Bounty.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2009,1/21/2010,103,112,23,9,12>So I wake up.  It's 6 AM.  And I've only been asleep for 3 hours and I'm hungover.  The day is gonna suck, all I can do at this point is minimize it.  I am so freakin hungry, and I live in Leander.  So onto yelp I go to search for "open now" diners in Leander.  Nothing.  So I expand to Cedar Park.  Closest freakin place is the Kerbey on 183, about 15 mi away.  Not wanting to be inconvenienced with horrible hunger all day I make a plan.  Grab some "advil" and "5-hr energy" from the evil corporation that pays their employees peanuts in order to have the lowest price, and get a big breakfast with eggs, bacon, and pancakes.  So I grabbed my Product Design book through on some clothes and off I went.Actually I decided what I would order while I was on my way to Wall-Mart, which is where I swallowed my "advil" with my "5-hr energy".  Now the part that warranted me writing a follow-up review.  I ate my entire bkfst, and for the first time ever, ordered a side of bacon!  I had no idea that a side was 4 pieces, I thought it was only 2 for some reason.  I'm thinking, 'oh **** how the **** am I gonna eat all this bacon?'  The first piece goes down, easy.  I get about 1/2 way through the second, and I start kickin'.  That **** is so salty man.  So I forced the other half down.  Now this next part, please don't think I'm someone with deplorable eating habits, cause I'm not.  I was just trying to solve my hunger problem.  Similar to how one might take Airborne or Emergen-C at the onset of a cold.Ladies and gentlemen, I dipped that third piece of bacon in syrup.  And 1/2 of the fourth.  Now, while this isn't very unusual out of context.  We're talking about a total of 6 pieces of bacon, big strips too.  Not like those piddly strips you buy at the grocery store.  And this is a food item, that, for the big strips, the nutritionist will recommend you only eat 2!So what happened to the other half of the 4th piece?  Well any reasonable person would assume I threw it away, but no.  I took it home, and ate it, come lunch time.  THE ENDEh, takin away a star, not a fan of the syrup and for some reason the buttermilk pancakes aren't as good as the "pomegranate" pancakes or whatever the f
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,1/20/2010,348,383,12,16,15>We went up here today based on all the reviews. My wife from mainland China has been craving authentic Chinese food as usual. I was trying to get her to the new P. Terry's, but that just wasn't happening today. This was about a 40 mile round trip for us.Ho Ho was a little difficult to find. The map from the Yelp iPhone app sent me to Braker Ln. It's actually in the Wal-mart shopping center off Parmer. It's near Red Robin. Ho Ho has a look that screams it's going to be just another Americanized Chinese Buffet crammed into some vacated failed chain restaurant's building. I wonder how many walk-outs they get? Now I didn't have any allusions that it was a high class restaurant from the fish tanks. Looks just like what you see on the sidewalk in front of most restaurants in China. What Ho Ho does seem to be is authentic, at least according to my wife. She was thrilled with the choices and happily devoured half a plate of cow intestines and half a plate of cow stomach. She raved and raved about the flavors. What's the difference in taste between the two you ask? I have no clue. I don't even eat that tripe (bwahahaha!) unless I am in China and I DON'T have a choice. She was completely beside herself and now the leftovers are in the fridge awaiting to be devoured tonight or tomorrow morning. When she finds food she likes, it makes my life so much better. I wasn't so daring. I merely had fish balls and noodles. These were wheat noodles and pretty good. My wife did her usual check for Guilin noodles, and it was no-go. The soup wasn't my favorite ever, but it was good. I added my usual red pepper oil and sriracha sauce. I ordered two American favorites as well. Both the crab puffs and egg roll were oversized and stuffed with filling. They had unique shapes to both that I have never seen before. Definitely they weren't  something mass produced, delivered in a box and then fried up. In closing, I'd probably rate this place 4 stars. But since it was such a big hit with the wifey and it's exactly what she likes, I'm giving it 5 stars. I have a feeling this place will be most successful with those who grew up with authentic Chinese . . . so . . . Chinese people I guess!  Or those few Americans that can deal with more of the authentic dishes. I'll personally be sticking to the noodle soup and Americanized faire or any meat that hasn't been used in the digestion of food by the animal.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,1/19/2010,90,161,10,13,13>Me and my daughter just happened by Rounders today after doing some shopping together. We were trying to find a burger place which we failed to do but Rounders rang a bell so we parked and went in to check it out. It was a drizzly afternoon and not many folks around which was kinda nice. As soon as i saw the vintage video games i figured this would be a hit for the kiddo sake at least. We sat at Frogger table and ordered up a simple pie of 1/2 cheese and 1/2 with sliced meatballs. Then i emptied my pockets of quarters and my daughter jumped up to play video games. It was a little weird watching her enjoying these old games that were so hot back when i was her age. As i tried to explain to her that these games were top of the line stuff years ago she just stared at me with an unconcerned look and i realized she was there to have fun, not listen to ole dad reminisce. So i chuckled at myself and settled in to enjoy this cool time with her. Our pie arrived pretty quick and my daughter proclaimed it a winner after only 2 bites. My meatball pieces were really very good i thought. The cheese and crust had a home made quality to it that keeps me from ever buying the normal junky chain pizza's. Our server was friendly and fun to talk too. So as i sat back and enjoyed my iced tea watching the last of my quarters disappear i realized what a very good time it was to spend with my girl. Great Pizza, Galaga and Donkey Kong, Bob Dylan playing and Disney's Wall E showing in HD. Im happy !
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,1/18/2010,104,177,2,11,12>So I had to jump on the yelp train and try out Chen's Noddle House. I read the reviews, I came early (11:30am) to make sure I got a seat (I did). I ordered the beef noodle soup and pancakes to share with my coworker. The portions are big and it would take a lot for one person to finish it alone. Chen's Noddle House is a hole in the wall with a lot of heart and soul! As if my fellow yelpers' stamp of approval wasn't enough, Tyson Cole stopped by for lunch while I was eating. This Austin celebrity chef sighting only reaffirmed how awesome this place is!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,1/17/2010,168,138,6,18,15>Local ingredients, a daily seasonal menu that makes use of the whole animal, all prepared over a wood burning grill in a TRAILER?! Can you really get more Austin than this? After hearing about this new trailer through the grapevine, I just had to try it! (It's also close to my abode - BONUS!) Nestled between Gordough's and Brevita, you can easily miss this treasure of a trailer while driving by on S. Lamar - and what a shame it would be if you did!! (Look for the cute orange trailer)Tonight's menu featured:- Turnip and polenta soup with slow cooked farm egg and grilled pork belly.- Roasted beets with meyer lemon on goat cheese toast.- Corn off the cob with arugula and goat ricotta.- Local veggie quesadilla with goat cheese.- Coffee porter braised pork slider with sweet peppers.Jake G. had the slider and quesadilla. I couldn't pass up the slider so I had that too, plus the soup. Oh! The soup! Perfect, creamy consistency paired with the nice bite of the turnip pieces and generous hunks of smokey, grilled pork belly... Ahhh... and then you break the yolk of the egg and it oozes into the polenta soup and mingles with the rest of the ingredients... I shouldn't have eaten it so fast.All of it - Absolutely delicious! The food was well seasoned and fresh. You also get a nice smokey flavor from the wood burning grill. My only complaints - the portions are on the smaller side (not too bad though) and you do have to wait awhile. Still completely worth it though. I look forward to visiting this trailer again to check out the new menu. In fact, I want to go tomorrow, but I'll be patient. Note - I'm pretty sure they post their menu online often as well.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,1/16/2010,462,751,9,9,9>Think of House Wine (which I always call Winehouse) as your house. Except it is close to downtown and they have lots and lots of different kinds of wine AND there are people there to serve you delicious food. That said, I realize that some of you do live in this kind of luxury. To you people, I say, "Stay home!" To the rest of us, I say, "Let's go to House Wine!" I liked this place because: 1. The staff was very friendly. 2. When they serve you a cheese plate, they SERVE you a CHEESE PLATE. None of that two crackers and half an ounce of cheese bullshit. No, they serve oodles of food in a big wood bowl. 3. The place has really comfortable seating that makes you want to start with a glass and progress to a bottle. 4. No stem wine glasses. Yes, they are elegant, but when you are on glass number three and slurring your words grabbing that tiny tube of glass gets very challenging. Don't look at me like that. You know it's true. 5. P. Terry's is ac cross the street. Drunky hamburgers FTW!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,1/15/2010,325,414,26,17,18>I want Trio to be my boyfriend and let me tell you why. First of all, he (valet) opened the car door for me, and took care of parking the car. Then he opened the door for me to walk in. He even smiled at me and made me feel special. When I went down the stairs for Ladies' Happy Hour, he had a gift bag for me. What gal doesn't love presents?!  He let me take my time on deciding which wines and which foods to get.  He let me try various wines before deciding on which one I'd commit to and man, were the appetizers he made delicious!  He (the waitstaff) paid attention to me, made sure I was happy, but he wasn't in my face every three seconds. He'd notice when my glass was almost empty and knew to get me more wine. He knew that gasp of "OMG, S'mores" wasn't just a nicety and knew that it was almost necessary to get the s'mores ready for me and my friends. He understood the importance of the s'mores and why we needed them (yes, needed), even though it wasn't a "s'mores night."Okay, so he made me pay.  The bill was not out of the world, though. My final bill was very easy to swallow, considering the amount of food and drink I consumed. He made me laugh, he made me smile, made me feel special, let me laugh loudly with my friends. I want Trio to be my boyfriend.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,1/14/2010,212,150,17,21,23>Top Ten Reasons Why I Love Vulcan Video10. 2 for 1 rentals Tuesdays and Wednesdays9. Wonderfully deep foreign sections8. The Directors' Wall7. The signs at the counter about cell phone use6. The employee picks section5. The subcategories in Sci-Fi4. The knowledgeable employees affected with slight ennui3. The awesome stickers2. The great selection of everything from schlock films to Criterion Collection DVDs1. The huge poster of Brigitte Bardot in Contempt
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2009,1/13/2010,21,75,,11,10>Sandwiched between a car repair shop and one of the busiest streets in Central Austin, Tazza Fresca's patio doesn't seem like an ideal place to relax or hang out. But oddly, the constant flow of traffic and CapMetro buses is actually kind of soothing. Even as I was drinking coffee outside in near 100 degree weather in the middle of July the ample shade and covering made it feel at least 20 degrees cooler.Any coffee shop that offers wine is a step above the rest and the place even doubles as a hooka bar on top. I haven't tried any of the food but the sandwiches and desserts all looked really good. I live close by, but with Epoch, Quack's, JP's, Flightpath, Spiderhouse, and Thunderbird all within close distance I'd never really considered this place. Now it's definitely towards the top of my list.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,1/12/2010,150,65,8,14,12>To borrow from digruntled Vietnam veterans, I'm fonda San Miguel.  This is the place I take my Dad to every time he comes to town, and it's where I've come to celebrate life's little victories.Things to get include the appetizer tower, the tortilla soup, the ancho relleno, the carne asada, and the dessert crêpes.The torre de botanas has lots of little bites of delight and could totally make a decent meal on its own. Everything on the carne asada plate is made of win.  The meat is flavorful and tender, like good tenderloin should be.  The black bean puree melts in your mouth - I had no idea beans could taste this good.  Get the enchilada with their mole to round this dish out.  The mole is nothing like what you'd get in other restaurants - it's complicated and nuanced.The ancho relleno is bathed in some sort of celestial cream sauce which I could make a meal of with some bread alone.Make sure to save room for the dessert crêpes.  The goat caramel sauce is a nice touch.  I'm surprised more restaurants haven't hopped on that - it's easy enough to find in Mexican stores.The ceviche is all right, but not worth the price, as are the veracruzana and the crab enchiladas.  Drinks are not bad but overpriced for what they are - I tend to save my money and skip them.This place has a lot of hype to live up to, being billed as the best Mexican restaurant in town.  Whenever any place gets billed as the best, there's always going to be some disgruntled detractor trying to bring it down.  Don't listen to them.  This place is worth it.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,1/11/2010,611,369,17,8,10>Amber: Let's go to Shangri-La!Friend: Yeah, I love that place.Amber: I love that place too, plus it's suuuper cheap!  Friend: Yeah, that place is awesome.Amber: New Year's Eve was such a blast here.Door Guy: ID's, please?Amber: Here you go!Door Guy: Thanks![Door Guy begins sternly and vigorously molesting my purse]Amber: What are you doing?Door Guy: Checking for bottles....it suddenly feels a bit more divey to me.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2009,1/10/2010,324,543,6,16,12>When we're looking for something to eat down south that's healthy, easy and has plenty of options, our discussions always fall sort of flat. I'm  just not that into you, Far South Austin dining options. But Tarka might help change how I feel, at least a little. We came for a late Saturday lunch when we noticed the "Now Open" sign on our way to what I believe was going to be yet another generic American joint, and it was reasonably booming for a 2 p.m. visit. We (OK, I) lingered over the menu boards for a good while, trying to decide which of the myriad vegetarian and vegan choices I wanted to try first. Our order was a mango lassi to share (great, too much ice), naan (a little too chewy, but nice airiness and flavor), vegetable biryani for me (flavorful but not overwhelming at medium heat, huge portion with plenty of fresh mushrooms, carrots and green beans) and chicken tikka masala (medium heat was reasonably spicy and flavorful, portion was nice enough) for him.I dig the atmosphere, sort of comfort-mod with lots of warm orange and red hues, despite clearly being a quick in-n-out space. Not too loud despite the many customers.Our food was delivered reasonably quickly, and the lassi arrived ahead of the food, which I appreciated. I am not quite a fan of the prices (our lunch was about $22; entrees average $8 or so) for a counter-service joint, but they weren't exorbitant for the quality of food.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,1/9/2010,495,689,30,27,28>It occurred to me that with a little effort, I could be the only Yelper who's never been to Torchy's Tacos. A little later, it also occurred to me that being a rebel without a cause just means missing out on stuff. So on a brisk and beautiful Tuesday morning, I sallied forth with the heater on and the sunroof open up the stairway to Heaven, or more precisely, MoPac to Heaven. Although I'm a lot closer to the Guadalupe Torchy's, it's faster for me to get to and from and in and out of this William Cannon one--a matter of freeway speed and available parking. Based on Yelp reviews, I knew exactly what I wanted to try, and since I'm feeling pretty full and lazy right now after eating everything I wanted to try, I'm just going to paraphrase some other Yelp reviews followed by my own personal observations: 1. "The Green Chili Pork Taco is to die for..."                      Yep. 2. "The Democrat shredded beef taco is to die for..."        Yep. 3. "The queso makes this miserable life worth living..."   Yep Yep. Since I had to stop at Anderson's caffeine to Heaven right after receiving this Torchy's manna, I held off on any Dubby DP or genuine Coke-tasting Coke until next time. I debated between four or five stars for this review, mainly because I'm feeling the urge to see a tablecloth again.  But I'm not sure it's necessary to apply other criteria to Torchy's: The tacos you get here are as good as it gets, and maybe that's all that counts. Woohoo.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2009,1/8/2010,310,185,6,23,23>It has re-awakened.  The Ghost Room lives where the old Ginger Man (now re-opened around the corner on Lavaca) once was .  The historic building, slated for demolition and to be replaced by an apartment/condo complex, has been spared due to the economic collapse which has made starting a new building too expensive.  Saved by the bill, as it were.The Ghost Room has transformed the great big train barn of a building that used to house the Austin Ginger Man into a cool live music venue with an excellent backyard. Gone is the giant wall of taps, replaced by a more conventional selection of 6 supplemented by 14 bottles and 5 canned varieties. (CANS!  How delightfully déclassé!). No darts, but the pool table remains, there's a full bar (with liquor!) for the first time and a stage in the NW corner where the office used to be. The feel is still there. The vibe is still there. The aroma of old wood and beer and great  building remains.  The glorious back yard is still resplendent with Live Oaks casting wonderful shade.   The interior space is more open, much more conducive to live music, but cool funky touches still abound: the chandeliers are awesome, the  lighting subtle and eclectic, and the collection of old Austin live music posters are a real trip down memory lane.The bones in this one are good and solid.  The staff is familiar, friendly, eager, excited for what's next.   The musical talent pool of Austin just needs to discover this cool new (old) venue.There are more stars coming, I'm sure,  as they shake off the dust of a brief hiatus, establish a band lineup and ease into a new life of cool tunes.  I'm so happy to be back in this great building, with beer flowing and sound wafting high into the ceilings where ghosts once danced.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,1/7/2010,288,258,13,14,14>It had been over a month since my last visit to Yogagroove.  Construction was still in full swing which came with minor inconveniences that the always smiley teachers at Yogagroove helped us all work around. Imagine my surprise when I pull up to Yogagroove last night and get to walk through the brand new door that is now the entrance to the new and improved studio. Cue the sitars, please!  I felt like I'd totally stepped into another world and was awed by all the changes:Most notably there are two hot rooms now:  twice the space and twice the heat as Cosmo, the owner likes to say. Beautiful new men's and women's changing rooms complete with two showers and two restrooms in each.Plenty of storage space in each changing room, too!An ice machine and filtered water!!!  So awesome for those days you forget to bring your own.  Laundry facilities, mat storage and a clothing boutique. A very posh lounge area with a couple of comfy sofas where you can pass the time chatting it up with fellow yogis or friendly instructors. A large fridge filled with electrolyte replenishing bevvies, good for the body and mind!I feel privileged to be able to practice yoga in such a gorgeous space!  Congrats to Cosmo and all the Yogagroovers for seeing this project through; it's beyond awesome.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,1/6/2010,381,228,9,7,10>I know, I know, I'm drinking the trailer kool-aid. In fact, I'm drowning in it. As if Torchy's or a gourmet hot dog wasn't tempting enough they had to bring in Holy Cacao. Whether hot chocolate or hot toddies are your cup of tea, they have every hot beverage you can imagine in order to enjoy these next few months we call "winter."Not only can I walk to this place, which has proven to be incredibly dangerous for my waist line, but now I can have s'mores? I may have to figure out what this whole "working out" thing is if I want to keep venturing down there. Definitely a great place to take your tourist friends for a good viewing and tasting of 78704. There is no place like home.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,1/5/2010,76,280,8,12,10>Love Love Love Rudy's potato and egg breakfast tacos - so frellin' good dude. This location's got a soft spot in my heart - was the breakfast stop on my way to work for years back in the day. Employees were and still are almost scarily perky in the morning. Now I'm down south but I make sure and stop by anytime I'm visiting my lil Sis up north. Don't forget the salsa and napkins on your way to the register. They've got cheese, too - 50 cents a serving, but they're big - in my opinion one serving's usually plenty for 2 tacos - and that's coming from a cheese junkie.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,1/4/2010,2678,1330,46,20,21>Roses are red, violets are blue, Chez Nous, PUT IT IN MY FACE.Wow, that didn't go how I expected it to. We had lamb, we had fresh bread, we had escargot, we had ribeye, we had salads with egg on it, we had french onion, we had veal, we had a bottle of wine, we had creme brulee, we had some more wine, we had chocolate mousse.  What we had was a major case of stuffmyfaceitis. We spent two hours soaking up the food and the dim lights and the french guy with the cornrows and everything that makes french food and people sexy. Definitely go, Spend some time and actually enjoy yourself over a meal. This place fills up my senses, to quote the inimitable John Denver.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/3/2010,231,205,8,14,10>Yes, the parking situation sucks, but the store itself is worth the effort. Once inside, you'll find a vast array of different ways to keep your body warm and dry, or cool and comfortable. Patagonia makes some of the most quality outdoors gear on the market, and they've staffed this beautifully-designed new store with friendly, yet unobtrusive staff. That's what I like in a sales associate. Readily available, but not in my face. The prices are a bit high, as others have mentioned, but you'll be purchasing a product that you'll love for years to come.Bonus: Today when I walked in, I was told that everything in the store was 30% off! Even on REI's best day, they offer one item for 20% off. Hopefully sales like this one will become a habit at Patagonia. I wouldn't have a problem braving the parking for fabulous deals like the one I got today.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,1/2/2010,94,263,14,12,14>I truly believe that there must be a Valium lick somewhere in the kitchen.  The staff of this place are giddy and happy all the friggin time!  I mean, take a break man... No one loves their job that much...I guess when they are feeling a little blue it's off to the kitchen for a quick lick and all is right in the world.  What also is right in this little Black Sheep world is the HOTness factor.  I'm embarrassed to say, I must of been busted at least a dozen times starring at the chic hot chicks that work here.  At least I am not drooling over the dudes, since the Suz has that covered.  Hun, you are my cougar so leave the boys alone, button up your shirt and come over here please.Once you get over all the smiles and can I help you's.. you then discover the menu and all the beers that are available.  There is an extensive selection on hand and a bartender who actually could give me some information from his own experience drinking it.  On our recent visit I ordered an IPA, couldn't tell you more about it, other than it definitely wasn't to my liking...the barkeep cheerfully replaced it and didn't charge me for it even after my insistence.We have had some great food on our visits.. Queso and Green Chiles was tasty, Turkey Burger was nice and moist and a whole wheat bun is always appreciated.. but those Sweet Potato Fries are definitely the best I have ever had... each one was crispy and perfectly fried.  Troy is really doing some great things in their kitchen.  On one visit I had mentioned that Fino served these really yummy fried olives.. Troy got up right there and tried to replicate them for me.. the result was not spectacular...but the fact that he wanted to try something new was refreshing.I have had a few chats with one of the owners Keith.  He is a very affable guy and definitely loves his job..Perhaps that is where all the good ju ju is coming from??  I dunno.. but don't change a thing, you guys are a big hit as far as I am concerned....Suzie... your beer is getting warm sitting here all alone.. get back over here and share some quality time with your man...
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,1/1/2010,146,505,3,15,11>Location location location! I would not call it the greatest store ever, but I am duly impressed with what is moving southward. It is almost exactly like Sprouts, which popped up in the Dallas market over the past five years. I looked carefully at the sales items, and you can shop for a week's worth of groceries on the cheap. Strawberries and pineapples are 88 cents and kiwi are 5 for 1.00. There's your fruit. Yogurt and milk were on sale: milk is 2 half gallons for $4. Sirloin steaks, chicken thighs and fish are looking great and on the cheap, too. I am thinking of making Newflower sale items an experiment to see if I can really save on groceries.... just as soon as I eat up this $300 bill from Costco. :P
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,12/30/2009,40,86,10,16,13>One of the many things I like about Austin is that there is no shortage of places that offer both wine AND coffee. You'd think we'd be saturated by now, or interest would wane. Oh, but no. It's like breakfast places on the weekend: there can never be too many.I went to Apothecary this afternoon and I had friendly service, a delicious brie, pear, & honey panini, a very good (not too sweet) chai latte, and a window seat. I said "I'm pretty excited" to the barista approximately 13.5 times because I had no idea it was opening this weekend and a new coffee/wine bar in the neighborhood is pretty much the most exciting thing that can happen in my life.They've got $2.50 Fireman's, $1 PBR's, a great assortment of wines (with bottles as low as $21), a cheese plate for $12.95, and a hummus plate for something around $7.The inside is good for alone-lies, couples, or groups, because they have an assortment of differently-sized tables, and even bar seating (pretty cush bar stools, btw). There's a TV over the bar, which actually I don't mind. The interior design is vaguely Indian/Middle Eastern, but NOT in a hookah-bar-kinda-way. Tasteful, more like, with dark red walls and dark wood tables. Currently no outdoor seating, and I'm not sure if that's on the way.I think it'll be a good place to stop by before work, after work, uh, instead of going to work, on the weekends, etc. It has a lot of potential. There's a parking lot in back which usually has spaces, but a lot of folks in the neighborhood can probably walk or bike. It's open 'til midnight.Oh, and of course, it's Austin, so there's wireless.Welcome to the neighborhood, Apothecary!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,12/29/2009,103,80,7,12,10>The Best Burger on the Drag? Well I've only tried a "test" burger.  It had no condiments, no toppings save cheese, and it was the best burger I've had on the drag. No disrespect to the old standby, Dirty Martin's, but I think they have some competition coming.  They grind their own meat, and the burger is not too thin, not too thick, with just some wonderful flavor to it. F.n. Goode burgers started with a dream of two friends Rick and Aaron, who never wanted to leave the bar to go to work.  They are both former chef's at Cafe Josie's on West 6th, where I have had at least 3 of my top 10 meals ever. Now they have a burger trailer named "Layla", and are going to have a grand opening this Wednesday, July 15th.  Find them in the beer garden behind Little Woodrow's on the Drag, at 2610 Guadalupe. I admit they are old friends of mine, but nearly every place I go in Austin, I know the owner or the manager.  I'll be sure to update after they have opened, and have a standard menu.  Whether I knew them or not it is a F.n. Goode Burger!I'll be sure to update after I eat there again this Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.EDIT: Tried a test veggie burger and chili dog on Tuesday. The Veggie burger was very different and unique, but very good. Chili on dog very flavorful. Aaron, one of the owners did win the Chili cook-off we had earlier this year.  I also updated the pics with their opening menu.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,12/27/2009,446,557,7,12,12>I'm not much of a sweets eater, so for me to bother writing a cupcake review really says something about Polkadots. My friend Aimee C. offered me a red velvet cupcake, and it was so cute that I couldn't say no.  The icing looked just right- smooth, neat, and creamy.  The cupcake seemed to be a pretty standard size, easily big enough to split (not that you'd want to). Neither the cake nor the icing was overly sweet, but both had an excellent, rich flavor, and the texture was appealing as well. Like I said, I don't seek out desserts, but I certainly wouldn't turn a Polkadots cupcake down.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,12/26/2009,368,209,17,18,17>Erin at Orbit rocks! I went to the East Austin salon for the first time last Saturday armed with a "free haircut" gift card (thanks to Lorena O., who won it for me at the last elite event) and really had no expectations except that Erin was supposed to be an expert with long hair. I was 30 minutes early, but waited just 10 minutes before Erin came to get me. Half asleep from less-than-stellar rest all week, I sat in her chair and was secretly hoping she wouldn't be too chatty. Lo and behold, she apologized for not being in a chatty mood because she was tired from working one of her three jobs the night before. Yes! Pointing out the obvious, I told her I needed highlights and a trim. She whipped out the color-swatch book, and pointed to the two colors that would help magically blend my half-natural, half-grown-out-highlighted mess. While foiling my hair, we did talk a little about her other jobs (bartender and freelance movie makeup artist) and our shared love of all things glitter. For the most part, though, I stared at the magazine article in my lap. (Cameron Diaz, get over your Prius-driving self.)After sitting under a crazy-looking dryer to process (think memory-erasing machine from Total Recall), Nick came to get me for a wash and AMAZING scalp massage (huge drool factor, needed an extra towel). Then back to Erin for my cut, which amounted to about an inch and a half off the straw ends I've been passing as hair. Added bonus: as she was blow-drying my hair, she did this crazy-ass thing with her fingers to volumize (word?) my roots. It amounted to a good 5-minute head scratching (more drool). I walked out about two hours later with my goodie bag (including what else? Orbit gum) a great cut and color all ready to Pachanga my ass off. I hope Erin stays at Orbit because the place has a good vibe, but if she's as good next time and were to leave, I will follow her...
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,12/25/2009,255,164,18,13,16>(For review #100, I gotta make it special and personal. Here goes...)    Every time I've been here, I've enjoyed myself. I mean that.. Even the time when *every* comedian in the evening's line-up decided to pick on me, like I was a human baton to be passed along and spiked to the ground at the end of the race.. I took it good-naturedly, even when they accused me of carrying drugs and being gay.. All in good fun, I say.    Case in point, my visit to CCCC last week. I had to plan an evening for a date. I decided to take her out for a nice dinner and round out the night with some laughs. When I looked at the schedule online, it said Matt Bearden was on the bill. Funny guy.. What could go wrong?     It was a surprise to her where I was taking her, so when we pulled up in the parking lot and she said she'd never been, I thought I was doing good. Then I noticed how packed the parking lot was..    Then I noticed the KLBJ banners out front, and the KLBJ van in the lot. Oh crap. What is going on here tonight? (I had to park at Hobby Lobby, because there were absolutely no spots left.)We get inside and there are about 20 women in hoochie-mama dresses, lined up by the door from the bar to the main room. WTF? (sinking feeling in my stomach getting worse)We ask a woman by the bar what the heck is going on, and she replies "it's a Hot Spinner contest".. (You're f*cking kidding me. Perfect for a date!)KLBJ had pre-empted Matt Bearden's regular routine with a beauty contest for women under 5'4", and weighing less than 120 lbs... In case y'all don't know what a "spinner" is. Most women don't, but please don't make me explain the term.    "Do you want to stay?", I asked. She said we might as well check it out. Could be fun. (I'm thinking I like her adventurous spirit and hope for the best)In we go, to the side of the stage that has a few remaining seats. With a spotlight shining right in our eyes. The place is packed to the limit. There must be a *lot* of horny KLBJ listeners. The hosts were Dudley and Bob, of morning show fame. Funny one-liners here and there, but certainly not the comedians I was hoping for. Up come the ladies.. Petite, indeed. Some of them lovely. Some of them straight-up stripper-style.. One by one they come up and answer a silly question and briefly say something about themselves. Favorite quote?  "I like rock n' roll and Strawberry Margaritas!! Whoo!!!"There was an "evening gown" competition, AND a swimsuit division! After an hour of this, I realize that this will be the only entertainment here this evening, so we'd better make use of it. More whiskey, please!(be aware: gratuity is added to your check automatically. Even for 2 people with 2 rounds apiece.)Between the final "spinner" getting onstage and the announcement of the winner, there was a very brief set by Matt Bearden. Funny five minutes, it was.. *sigh*So the date wasn't a total loss. We had some laughs, due to the hilarious situation and onstage humor. (Some intended, some not).. And we got to see some tiny women strut their mostly sexy stuff. If you plan on going to Cap City in the future, and you're bringing a date, make absolutely sure a radio station isn't doing a hostile takeover. But hey. As I said, all in good fun, right?
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,12/24/2009,354,138,26,15,19>I like buying trendy clothes, there I said it.  I want three or four things that will get me into whatever bar of my choosing when I decide it's my night to find my way there.  I want a kick ass print-tee with a whale and a pair of chopsticks in some collage of day-glo 80's inspired splatter.  I want a members only jacket and an argyle sweater that I will wear only one time and cast away to the corner of my closet when the mood strikes.This is where I go to find those things for not-so-much coin #on the reg.  I am unrepentant in my search of silly out-of-my-age-bracket clothing choices to the point of completely ignoring scoffs from people older and younger than me.  Ask me if I care.  I do not.  I don't speak with authority on everything, but I do know trends (been around long enough to observe a complete cycle).  I know something about style and am not afraid to wear it and experiment with it.  I can always find something that I will be very willing to wear at this store that some would dub a hipster den of iniquity.  I will up your accusations of my being a douchey hipster type and declare you incapable and not imaginative enough to dress thyself in the latest trend.  I don't need your rules.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2009,12/23/2009,485,555,60,12,29>A conversation with my parents regarding Austin's taco epidemic. My dad has an accent:Me: Hi mom, how are you?Mom: I am okay, watching this show about how this man's daughter was murdered and he had to do his own investigation to find the guy who did it and...Me: wow! What channel is it on?Mom: 42! (which is different for me because they are in NJ)Me: uh okay, I'll record it.Mom: are you eating? What are you eating?Me: Oh uhm... a taco. There's like a million trailers here with tacos - they're everywhere.Mom: a taco? Like, as a meal?Me: ...yup. Tacos here are like car thefts in NJ. They're going to happen to you eventually.Mom: But... how strange, how would selling tacos make money? Aren't they like a dollar each?Me: ...where's dad?Mom: oh he's right here, breaking something. (to dad) Your daughter's on the phone! She's eating tacos. Everything's wrapped in a tortilla over there.Me: We have other places to eat too! I had a cupcake just before this from a sweet little shop...Mom: Wait, you ate a cupcake first?...Me: Uh, let me talk to dad.(phone sounds like it passes through a garbage disposal)Dad: Hi my Dej, how are you? Why are you eating some tacos? What they put in it?Me: Well this one has sausage and cheese.Dad: ....Me: dad?Dad: that's it? Some sausage and a cheese in there? On a tortilla? No vegetable?Me: uh-huh.Dad: how much you pay for that?Me: uhm, I think it was... $3?Dad: THREE DOLLARS?! You pay $3 for something so easy like that?Mom: (in the background) How much? She paid three dollars for ONE TACO?!Dad: (to mom) Me lo dices? (to me) Dej, make some rice and black beans and chicken with a salad, a healthy eating. You can make food for a week for that money. Me: but dad -Dad: How can you buy a taco for $3? Dej, come on. We show you better.Mom: (in the background) Tell her I'll email her the recipes again.Dad: Your mom gonna send you some recipes. You can't be eating the tacos to live Dej. Me: But dad it's just Texas, just tacos on every corner-Dad: no no Dej, it is not a right life.Me: well... $3 IS a little expensive...Dad: For sure! Oh, you telling me? That's a stealing!Me: I had to take off some of the cheese, and I wished it had tomatoes -Dad: Dej, an telling you: make your own food! Healthy! Is cheaper!Me: I'll try cooking more.Dad: Okay, because that's really sunthin'. The Yankees playing, an gonna go watch it now. Don't eat more taco Dej, you gonna get sick.Me: Okay dad.Mom: (in the background) ooooo tell her the father just found out the - *click*
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,12/22/2009,184,302,12,16,16>Dammit, I am so mad at myself right now.Finally made it out to Little Thailand, the reviews of some of my favorite Yelpers have had me intrigued to try this place for quite a while.  Veek and I met up with a merry band of other Yelpers for dinner tonight, and everything was exactly as I expected:- its a dive, in every sense of the word- the food is friggin great, everything we had on the "famliy style' dinner was scarfed up- they had Chang beer cold and ready for meThe company was perfect, prices were entirely reasonable, and Dick was as pleasant a host as I can imagine.So why am I mad at myself you may wonder?Because I forgot to inquire about/look for the lab results!  I had heard the guy puts up his lab results or x-rays or something, and I did take a cursory look around the 'lounge' area (saw the baby chicks in a box and their way cool jukebox), but never got to experience the marvel which is Dick's medical history.Ah well, for another time.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,12/21/2009,62,69,17,17,24>It was love at first sight. My wife saw Molly, Molly saw my wife, both got spirals in their eyes and little hearts floated up between the two. Last week was Molly's birthday and we can't imagine life without her,We went looking for a designer mutt. We couldn't pay $1200.00 for a labradoodle or other oodle mix. Went to a few other shelters and it was mostly sad and crowded, people vying for puppies or small cuddly yappers. My wife had a dog in her head and when Lucille Ball reincarnated gets something in her head..........We showed up at Townlake and Molly was in a pen just staring at Lucy. We asked if we could see her and they let us play with her in an outdoor fenced area. Molly put on a jumping and running display and Lucy almost wept. We found out later that Molly had just been found and we had to wait until tomorrow to get her, no way of reserving. You guessed it, after a sleepless night we were first in line and nervously eyeing, crying, vying as we wait for the shelter to open. Molly is the smartest, cutest, fastest, most attentive dog we have ever had. Lucy feels like she hit the dog lottery. Molly is a schnauzer poodle mix. A schnoodle, our schnoodle.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,12/20/2009,421,603,10,7,9>So my sister taught me how to make sushi at home. I bought all the ingredients, practiced the technique, kept bags of veggies on hand for quick sushi making.Then I heard about a build your own sushi bar....and thought...why "build my own" when someone else can do it for me ? :)When a friend came in from out of town we trekked it over to Maki. The man behind the counter oked my strange combo ( mango with anything, yes please!) and the unique flavors made me want more. I can't say it filled me up, but I definitely developed a serious food crush. Reasonably  priced, clean atmosphere and friendly folks working there... what can I say, it way earned its stars.Not sure what I'll do with my own sushi ingredients, cause Ill probably be eating my sushi at Maki. Anyone need some fake crab and a bag of baby carrots?
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,12/18/2009,392,147,19,15,17>ColdTowne Theater is Austin's self-anointed refuge for improv, sketch, and stand-up comedy.  Yup, ColdTowne is about all things comedic.  But the focus is improv.What in the hell you be talking about!?  What's an improv!?  Improv is short for improvisational acting and comedy; it's one or more people acting out scenes and stories on the fly, with no planning.  The great thing about improv is that it doesn't have rules.I recommend ColdTowne both for its entertaining live shows and for its inspiring classes.  In my experience, the ColdTowne faculty--who are both teachers and performers here--are gifted, audacious, and even somewhat likable.At its best, improv can be hilarious and spellbinding.  At its not so best, it can be embarrassing, random, and still pretty funny.  And although sometimes absurd, it can also be honest, revealing, and grounded in convincing human emotions.  It is an art unto itself.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,12/17/2009,94,126,13,14,13>We had a late lunch here today. It was a gorgeous afternoon so we sat on the patio overlooking the lake (flooded rock quarry. Can we dive here?). Had a good impression right off: the hostess who seated us was pleasant and chatty, as was the waiter who took our orders. I perused the menu and ordered a big ass burger. Seriously, that's what it's called on the menu. If that's too big, there's a half assed burger. I don't do ANYTHING half assed. I had it cooked medium, and when it arrived I found myself wishing I was part snake- able to dislocate my jaw to effectively bite this thing. Amazing wood seared flavor. Fantastic. Juanita had the cedar plank salmon which was excellent as well. We finished up by splitting the fudge brownie with ice cream. No need for dinner tonight, we have candy to sling anyway.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,12/16/2009,136,153,16,9,11>Mexican Rodeo next door?! (Formerly Desperados -Aiyeee!) Massive amounts of vacant or near vacant storefronts!? Shady part of North Lamar!? I'M THERE. SIGN ME THE EFF UP.The food is very good, but I did find myself missing meat more than I realized I might. My impression of the staff is that they were annoyed by our presence and lack of understanding of some of the dishes. Well, nuts to you, peeps. If your food wasn't so good I wouldn't bother with you. Curse your good cooking. CURSE IT.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,12/15/2009,141,179,8,20,18>::::::::::When I was in college-- oh so long ago--  I worked with a pharmacist named Irv, originally from Philly. This review is for you, Irv.::::::::::::According to Irv, once upon a time, when you studied pharmacy, it meant you were a compounder. Pharmacists (aka apothecaries) were, once upon a time, skilled in the CREATION of remedies. A pharmacist, like my co-worker, crusty old Irv, would have been a compounder.Irv and I would be so excited to get a compounding remedy circa 1987 --it meant that Irv could use his old-school skills, the ones that were crafted to situation and site.Irv, you would love Peoples Pharmacy. If there is a need for a remedy in compound (the best kind, in my opinion, b/c it means specific, sculpted), this is the place.We get all our Rxs filled here. If your child has a strep, for example, they fill your order and also will point you to high-quality pro-biotics powder. They have homeopathic remedies, the "gold standard" in digestive enzymes and many more alternative health options-- with informed staff that can help you sort through same.There's also pastured eggs in the deli and a freezer of local meat featuring Betsy Ross grass-raised beef.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2009,12/14/2009,199,468,9,17,16>I love that Eric C. wrote that you can buy things here that you would normally steal from restaurants to own. GOOD CALL!  Anyway, went there today for my birthday because I was in an Ace-Mart rut and just needed to mix it up like a mixing bowl and poof, insert MRS here into this equation....While on a mission in Mission, the staff did the nicest thing for me ever!!  I told them it was my birthday and the cool guy gave me not only a cutting board but a spatula!!I was like WHAT THE?  YEAY!  Score!!  Mission accomplished!  I will for sure be back.  I bought an awesome scoop to use for spices, etc.The prices are close to if not the same as Acemart. The staff is so cool!  You must stop what you are cooking and get over there stat!This MRS worked well for this Mrs.!  An instant potato classic!  Check it out, pickles!
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,12/13/2009,315,239,9,19,11>I've been a patron & fan at Asia Cafe for just over a year now, but I can't seem to make my way around the gi-normous menu. I enjoy what I usually get so very much (spicy fish and bamboo-steamed veggies with brown sauce) that I haven't ventured out much. I have also tried and loved the eggplant with pork and the garlic green beans with pork -- you may have noticed that I'm quite fond of the swine.The new space is great, right next door to the grocery. Now the dining experience is much less noisy and hectic somehow. The ceilings are high, the lighting low, and there are about twice as many tables as before, with several private rooms off to the side for larger parties. I could do without the TVs tuned to news channels at lunch, but by the time the place really gets going at 12:15 or so, the hum in the room drowns out the distraction.Here are some tips for newbie to AC:- Proceed straight to the counter, grab a menu, peruse the specials board, order, and pay. If you arrive after noon, you probably will wait in line, but it moves fast. - You will take a number back to your table and you will be called to come pick up each dish as it emerges from the kitchen (unless it's a slow period, in which case some one may drop it off at your table). If you don't pay attention, you'll hear, "Ni hao, (insert your number)!!" from the kitchen barker; he doesn't want your food to get cold, and he needs the counter space to place more dishes as they're ready for pickup. - If you're lucky, you'll see several other dishes headed to their final destinations or being devoured at your neighbor's table, things that may look strange and smell delicious. Ask what it is and order it next time. Do not be deterred when one socially awkward guy replies, "Oh, I don't think you'd like bitter melon." How does he know what you might like? Hmph.- Come with a crowd and eat family-style.  The portions are large and intended to be shared. - Steamed rice, cold water, and hot tea are included with every order. The drinks are "serve yourself", to the right of the counter.- If you pay with credit card, there is no space for a tip. Bring cash for that, or be sure to ask to add the tip before they ring you up.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,12/12/2009,188,425,13,11,13>Let me tell you what makes me happy.  Walking into the Great Outdoors with a clipping of our dying tomato plant and KNOWING that someone there will know what is wrong with it and how to fix it.And that's what happened.  A real nice guy helped us out by diagnosing the disease (a virus I think) and recommended an organic pesticide, since we do plan on eating everything in our garden.I want to marry their customer service.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,12/11/2009,724,628,33,32,26>You know those reviews I wrote way back when of Steve & Barry's, and how I bragged about the jeans I bought there for $9?  Well, Kimberly K finally told me that they weren't as great as I thought they were.Me: Really?KK: Really.  They make your butt look baggy.  Your butt isn't baggy.Me: They do?KK: Yes.  Let's go shopping.  How about St. Vincent de Paul?Me: OK. But it is really hard for me to find jeans at thrift stores. I have to have a pretty low rise, and jeans in thrift stores are always high rise.KK: We'll see.So that is how I found myself swimming in a sea of clothes at St. Vincent de Paul rather than swimming in the waters of Deep Eddy, which was our original plan.  No sooner had we breached the threshold when KK sprang into Personal Shopper mode, holding up jeans left and right.  Within minutes, we had a pile of jeans sufficient to clothe a small village.Me:  I think I'd better start trying these on, or we won't be able to carry them all.KK:  Go!So I tried on jeans.  And more jeans.  And more jeans.  And I'll be damned if I didn't find three great pairs of low-rise jeans and a pair of dressy black shorts from Express in short order.Me: Are these too tight?KK:  NO!  They look HOTT!  You have to get them!Three pairs of jeans + the shorts = $29.Sweet guy ringing up my purchases:  These are Diesel jeans!  My old girlfriend once bought me a brand new pair of Diesel jeans.  They were like $400.  I felt pretty special.Me:  Is she still around?SG:  Nah.  But it was fun at the time.  Would you like a roll with that?Me:  I'm sorry?SG:  I mean...would you like a BAG with that?Me:  Oh.  No, I don't think I need one, but thanks.Afterwards, we ate pizza and discussed my purchases.KK:  You are going to LOVE those jeans!  Those are your new skinny jeans!Me:  I can't believe they had so many pairs of low rise jeans.  That was amazing!And today, as I was rocking one of my new pairs of jeans, I looked in the mirror and realized that they DO make my butt look better.I love having an honest friend with an architect's eye and a penchant for thrift shopping.  I love my new jeans.  And I love St. Vincent de Paul.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,12/9/2009,522,1205,13,18,14>So, I am stuck at the light at 360 @ Westlake Dr in rush hour traffic and the light has changed 3 times and traffic has not moved aside from vehicles trying to move aside for emergency vehicles. I am starving and need to pee and am thinking about leaving my vehicle on the side of the road when I see Gumbo's "Now Open" sign. Please please just 2 more cars and I can make it to the intersection and get into the parking lot. Yes, I make it to the closest parking spot and make it to the bathroom (very nice and clean) wash my hands and sit at the bar. Me "What do you suggest" and explain the traffic jam situation.. Cute Bartender "The Margaritas are 4.00 till 7 PM" as she hands me a menu. Me "I'll have a Marg" CB "Can I see your ID?" Me "Are you serious? I am old enough to be your Momma" CB "Yes" "Oh, you don't look that old" I look at the menu and see the apps are half price till 7PM so I call a friend who lives down the street to join me - friend joins me within 10 minutes via bicycle. We order the Crab Cakes (served with yummy spicy aioli and jicama slaw), the Shrimp Cocktail (nicely seasoned with a spicy cajun seasoning served with a tasty cocktail sauce) and the Oyster Rockefeller was 5 stars (the creamed spinach was devine and the fried oysters topped with grated parm was!!) If I need to wait out traffic - this is the way I want to do it!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,12/7/2009,4221,482,9,14,7>This place is now called "Danny's BBQ", Lewis sold his shop to Danny - but everything's the same - - recipes, location, food, contact info, etc....Someone sent me a message on Yelp saying I should try this place out, so after work one day I located them on the corner near MLK and Airport.  I knew I was close when I started to smell the smoke - - it's a shack alright, don't expect any fine dining or a special date place - - hells no.  This ain't yo Grandma's white picket fence anymore.  I got the combo meat plate (3 meats + potato salad + beans + bread) = $9.79 + tax.  I was told to get the ribs and brisket, also tried their sausage (it's Elgin Sausage).  The ribs were damn good alright - just as good (maybe slightly better than) Sam's BBQ.  They were smokey and fall-off-the-bone.  I had to buy 2 more ribs for $5 to take home with me.  The brisket was really good too, the sausage was okay - nothing special - I've had Elgin Sausage before.  The bread was stale, I didn't get any butter, the potato salad was mustard style out of a bucket, and the beans were beans.  The sauce was smokey with a slight tang to it - - damn good if you ask me, I sipped the stuff right outta the cup.  But those ribs - oh those ribs are so damn good.  I walked out back and they had a real smoker - - using wood and all - - they do it the right way here, no pressurizing or shortcuts.  When I went for the 2nd helping of ribs (to take home) the cook said he would cut me some from the rack he was just taking off the grill, so it's a timing thing I guess.  In other words, just ask him how fresh the meat is, and if he's got anything grilling out back (just in case).  If you don't mind flies all over the place, stale Hill Country Bread, a dirty bathroom (at least it had soap and running water), and bars on the windows - - hit this place up for some of the best smokey ribs in town.  Just bring a friend, fill your gas tank, check your tires, stop by during the daytime, be friendly with the cook, and it's all good in the bbq hood. It's a 3 star place in a 2 star neighborhood but the 5 star meat makes it an easy 4+ star.  If they got more civilized and served fresh bread with better sides then this would be 5 all the way.  DAMN those ribs (and brisket) were good!!  Seriously - Salt Lick & Rudy's got nothing on these guys.  I still can't wash the smoke smell off of my hands.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,12/6/2009,211,223,17,17,17>the first star is for your fun and eclectic inventory.  second is for your playful atmosphere.  i'll toss in a third for appealing to all ages.  star #4 is for your outstanding, friendly, funky, cheerful, welcoming, slightly "off" employees.  the fifth star?  for the inflatable toast, natch.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,12/5/2009,739,709,64,39,35>Bras are a necessary evil for most of us (or "bros" for some of you guys).  Don't get me wrong.  I love my breasts.  A LOT of people do.  But sometimes I daydream about being small enough to go braless.  Alas that will never happen (cept around the house).  As my husband wisely says "You can't control em.  You can only hope to contain em."Many were the times in my younger, more wilder years when a shot or a bead necklace would cause them to break that containment.  But my more mature self is more prone to keeping those girls harnessed (well, except for Carnaval.  It's the music, I swear!).  After reading several reviews for the "personal fitting" I was curious.  I began to notice how crappy the bras I wear fit.  In fact, I counted how many times my strap fell off my shoulder the other day.  Twenty times before 8 a.m.  Granted I put it on at 5:30, but still.  Geez!Upon arriving here, I signed in thanks to the Yelper admonitions and was called in about 15 minutes time.  My breast assistant was Krissy, who measured me and educated me thoroughly on bra sizing.  I was embarrassed as I had obviously had boobies a lot longer than her (she was maybe 25?) but I was seriously ignorant about this stuff.  After blowing me away with my "actual size" (blushes), she bombarded me with about 15 kinds of bras, waiting patiently outside the curtain as I tried each one on.  I could see her cute little red-bowed shoes there and was comforted in knowing I would have a real honest assessment of each trial.  She adjusted each one, having me bend over every time and sticking her finger in my decollete'.  Yeah, it wasn't pornographic at all (for that I'm docking a star....kidding).  I was very comfortable, like the boobs in the mirror we were both admiring didn't belong to me.  Very surreal.I ended up buying a pair which cost me a pretty penny, actually.  But I gained an education and a new appreciation for my own unique physique.  They also keep everything "on file" here so you can pop in anytime and say, "remember that purple one I liked but didn't buy...." and they'll whip it out for you if it's still in stock.  These ladies have got boobs down, I tell ya.**Personal Story Warning**Last nite, Hubby decided he wanted to check out my new "over the shoulder boulder holders".  He put my new daytime bra on his head, and looking like an albino Mickey Mouse, said "I can hear the ocean.  No, wait....I can hear BOTH oceans!".  Funny guy.  And when I tried on my "goin out" bra and panty (oh yes, ladies, they have the sexy stuff too), I got a definite thumbs up from him...all three of em ;)
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/4/2009,344,274,8,14,11>Mi VIctoria has a brother and his name is Pablito.  And I can't quit him...Cheap ($1.25) fresh breakfast tacos... my favorite are the bacon egg and cheese and the sausage egg and cheese.  The sausage is link sausage... you know, the kind you grill.  I love that.  And the salsa is really good.Tons of colorful Mexican pastries and several donuts.  So far I've tried the cinnamon roll, the Boston cream pie donut (custard-filled chocolate donut) and the regular sugar donut.  The donuts are great... the dough is sweet and deliciously fresh.  The cinnamon roll is the same fresh sweetness without the nasty icing... it doesn't look amazing but trust me... try one.And the folks who work here are super nice.  Turns out that the owners of Mi Victoria and Pablitos are actually brothers.  Who knew?Minus one star for things that need improving... the coffee isn't very good.  Could use an upgrade there.  And I tried the pastor taco yesterday... it was bad.  Too much bland meat that was dry and fatty.  But for breakfast I give it 5 stars for being so excellent so early in its life... and cheap!!!  If you live anywhere near this place, give it a try for breakfast... you'll love the tacos and your kids will love the colorful pastries.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,12/3/2009,10,203,5,12,9>Let the endless string of 5-star reviews begin as this is by far the coolest thing to hit the coolest zip code of Austin.The 8 lanes are from the Rock n' Bowl in New Orleans (which was pretty bad ass there), the bar/lounge area is massive, and the rest of the place just oozes cool.Skee-Ball, private themed karaoke, large stage and dance floor, and ample courteous servers.The food and drink prices are very reasonable ($8-$14 entrees) and they offer a number of infused liquors for those folks with a few extra bucks. My party had the fried chicken (carrots were surprisingly tasty) and meat loaf sammy with onion rings- nothing mind-blowing, but certainly tasty and original.Bottom line is this place is already the stuff of legends - I just hope I can get a table once the rest of the city finds out about it.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/2/2009,81,207,15,23,16>After seeing Stacey P's review, I feel compelled to add my own 2 cents as well.Yes hormones do suck sometimes, I had the exact same problem Stacey had, hormonal breakouts (i.e adult acne), Ugh! I never had it before and one day, BAM, they came from outta nowhere! ...and I am not talkin oh one little dot here and there. These f'ers stayed for like weeks and just kept blowing up in the same dang spot. I was mortified. I wanted to go hide under a rock, never to be seen again. I kept thinking, wtf? I am 27 yrs old, I'm not suppose to look like a freakin pimple popper, brace face, 15 yr old.So I scheduled a doctors appt at Westlake. The medicine for acne is VERY expensive, that's no joke. Go figure..my insurance doesn't cover Retina Micro, because after the age of 25, it's considered VANITY! WHATEVER, I had a serious legit skin condition (well at least that's how I felt about it).  In addition to retina, I got prescribed 2 other medications, which would have cost me like $300-$350.  So I called my Dr. at Westlake and she was very nice about it. She gave me crap loads of samples and also wrote me some new prescriptions that were similar to the ones she originally prescribed me, but were cheaper. Turned out I never needed to get the prescriptions because I got a years worth of supplies in all 3 medications prescribed.So yes, I agree with Stacey P. I would definitely recommend going to Westlake Dermatology.PROS: Nice doctors, plenty of samples, relatively quick service, nice facilitiesCONS: Since this place provides services other than dermatology (waxing, laser hair removal, botox. etc)..you will frequently see lots of pretty, blonde, tan (no offense to those who are) people. So when I went for my visits, it made me feel extra UGLY with all my skin problems, but I eventually got past that initial blow of self confidence after the 2nd follow up visit
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,12/1/2009,57,76,,15,16>So, I had a date with a guy from NYC recently.  We had a great time and talked about a wide variety of things like music, growing up on the east coast, our crazy families, and how freakin' good the pizza in NY is.  Needless to say, when I woke up the next morning I had to get me some pizza.  My first thought?  Home Slice!I cruise up S. Congress and saunter into Home Slice.  It's lunch time.  It's crowded.  Fortunately, there are always seats at the counter, which is my absolute favorite place to sit.  Sometimes being a party of one has its advantages.  I sit at the counter and am greeted by a super friendly server, as I always am at Home Slice.  I place my usual order - a slice of Margherita Pizza (fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, garlic and basil) and a 1/2 salad.  As I sit and wait for my food to arrive, I watch the action behind the counter.  I don't know why watching people make pizza is so entertaining, but it is.  I am mesmerized by the sight of pizza dough flying though the air.  As I'm watching the pies being made, my order arrives and is delicious as always.  The atmosphere in this place is awesome.  They tend to play decent music (although it can get a little "clubby" at times), the service is fantastic, and everyone seems to be having a good time.  I always end up having random conversations with people at the counter when I'm in here.  Not only are the servers friendly, but the patrons are too.  Although it may not be authentic enough for some, and maybe a bit pricier than the slices you can get on the streets of NYC, Home Slice is still an amazing place to go when you're craving a little NY.  The pizza rocks, the people are cool and the atmosphere is super fun.  I heart Home Slice!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,11/30/2009,246,167,16,10,13>Those of you who read my reviews (both of you, thanks, Mom and Dad) know by now of my up and down, Love / Hate relationship with the first two locations of Bird's Barbershop.  The original location swept me off my feet, then, like a wealthy scoundrel, seduced and betrayed me.  Their next venture was there to help me pick up the pieces, but was a little too far away and a little too different to ever really heal me. If South Lamar was the blond bombshell 10 who destroyed my soul and ruined my life, Burnett Road was the brunette bad-girl 8 who nursed me back to health, turned out to be freaky in bed in whole new different ways than the last girl, and ultimately got bored with me and wandered off, leaving me crushed all over again.Too personal?Well, maybe, but tough.  Because in life, and in love (and in haircuts, apparently) it is important to be honest with your new partner.  And Bird's on East 6th is that girl.  The original joint is very high Austin Style.  The second, similar style with a different flavor.  The difference between them is like the difference between Rachel Taylor (the killer-hot blond with the rockin' Australian accent in Transformers) and Megan Fox (the poor man's Angelina Jolie), both are knock-your-socks-off-amazing,  but really never the right fit. But East 6th Street Bird's?  She's Olivia Thirlby.  Hot? Of course, but in an intelligent way on top of the beauty (that's the great location part I am talking about). The new spot is slightly smaller and MUCH more practical for me (I live on the East Side, represent, Bitch) and turned out to have more in common for me than I realized at first glance. That's another thing about both 6th and Olivia, you just get the feeling that she GETS you like an old friend, that she knows you were a metal dork in High School, and she is still as in to Black and Gold as you were once into W.A.S.P.  She still has cassette tapes.  She loves Joust and Ms. PacMan.   And while yes, she drinks beer, she chooses good beer over High Life, and can still order a great red wine.  The New 6th Street Bird's has some great folks who really get me, and I have not yet, even once, gotten a bad haircut or felt uncomfortable there.  It fits like a glove, and I am glad they made the move.So, Rachel, Megan? Stop booty callin' me late night,  Olivia and I are stickin' together.(P.S. Carla, I love you like crazy and would never leave you for Olivia Thirlby.  Probably.)
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2008,11/29/2009,55,80,9,18,10>I broke my car.  I didn't know what I did or how but I definitely broke it.  By the time I got to work yesterday my car was smoking and I was freezing because the heat never came on.  But I have to work.  And there is no where within walking distance to take my car.  And can I even drive it somewhere?  Problem solved thanks to Rodney.  He was awesome.  He fixed my car in the parking lot of my office by lunchtime and for a price equal or lower than I would have been charged at a regular mechanic.  And he gave me all kinds of maintenance tips and car info too.  I really trust his advice and will try to follow it.  Try.  Or I'll just let my car break again and have him fix it.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,11/28/2009,232,273,5,12,13>Cool different wine bar vibe. Perhaps it's because this place is also a market as well. Stepped in with the Women's Yelp HH crew and pulled up seats at the bar which felt a little more like a diner then then your standard bar. Not only is it a bonus to spend time with fun Yelp people, but the fact that everyone is super cool about letting each other sample Everyone's drink order rocks. The sangria left me feeling  warm in a good way and wanting more of the delicious fruity flavor. However, I had to step outside the box and order the spice cider martini. Great seasonal flavor. Kind of reminded me of Woodchuck. You might not like it if your palate is not accustomed to drinks with a hard cider/beer essence. Sake Mojito topped off the drink consumption of the bar and made a marvelous minty splash. However, once you got down towards the bottom of the glass the sour mix got a little too strong for my liking. The art of sour mix is rarely mastered as bartenders like to get heavy handed with it. Didn't totally ruin the drink though. .  Ooooh. there's a reason they call their veggie sandwich the OOHH 4. Not being a vegetarian, I found this sandwich to be incredibly rich in flavor and body. The egg plant gave the sandwich substance which was only enhanced by the basil arugula. $8.50 for the sandwich. I get that it's gourmet, but no chips or potato salad for the price is a little disheartening. Would definitely order again because of the amazing flavor.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,11/26/2009,474,618,11,13,14>I didn't know I was a master hula hooper until I stopped in the Lustre Pearl this weekend. Between this place and the Red Shed Tavern, I'm quite excited about the future of Austin bars. Although to be honest, when we walked up on Thusday night, I seriously thought we were walking into a haunted house. So imagine my surprise when I was greeted by happy patrons, friendly bartenders, free hot dogs (don't know if these are available every night), a decent jukebox and HULA HOOPS! I was so happy that I started giving people high fives. I'm really looking forward to hanging out here on some warm Austin nights. The rumor has it that they plan on putting in a wooden deck out back to make the patio even larger.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,11/25/2009,109,129,14,15,14>Dear Uchi--Thank you for ruining the movie Finding Nemo for me for the rest of my existence. I will never be able to look at Nemo or Marlin or Dory without wondering how they would taste if Tyson Cole got ahold of them...Tyson Cole's years of study and dedication to the art of sushi is evident. The dishes were exquisite in presentation and flawless in execution. Uchi definitely opened my eyes and palate to a new realm of possibility in the world of food.I've been on a sushi kick lately and have been sampling the flavors around town. Uchi makes the rest PALE in comparison. Our group tried a little of everything--from the hot and cold tastings, sushi rolls, sashimi, etc--I mean really. To make me crave sauce made of squid ink? Or dream of raw fish on a regular basis? To make grown adults agree to pretend that one of the dishes never came out of the kitchen while the 5th person was in the bathroom in order to each get extra pieces of the sushi roll (sorry Alex)? ridiculous.Our server was amazing at describing dishes, keeping the flow of the evening at a steady pace, and bringing us food that we would all love. Favorites of ours were:- hama chili yellowtail sashimi with ponzu, sliced thai chilis and orange supremes-- the delicate fish with the citrus and a touch of spice was SO good- walu walu oak-grilled escolar with candied citrus, yuzupon and myoga--standout dish for me, the escolar came out the size of a filet mignon-so amazingly tender we could eat it with spoons. I gasped when I tried it. omigosh.- shag roll -tempura fried avocado, sundried tomato, white soybean paper roll with salmon and squid ink sumiso sauce.- biendo roll - tempura tiger shrimp spring roll with spicy viet vin and frozen grape salsa. YUM! I think this may have been the "hidden" dish that we both ate two of. Spicy and crunchy. Like a party in my mouth. - pitchfork roll - wagyu beef and fresh avocado with tonburi land caviar and leek crisps. Probably never would have ordered this had I seen what was in it--but LOVED it. - kona kanpachi pacific amberjack sashimi with crispy koshi, hikari rice, ringger farm egg and sweet soy broth--this one was hearty and delicious, it would be perfect for a cold day! The last dish the waitress brought out and probably on my top 5 list (out of our 15 or so samplings)A touch on the expensive side? Yes. Worth every penny? Absolutely. If you go with a group and focus on the less expensive nigiri and rolls, you can come out without an exorbitant bill. OR you can have the waitress just keep bringing out food until you are stuffed and let her choose-and pay a hefty check. Either way, you'll eat amazing food.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,11/24/2009,178,69,14,24,19>I wish humans and pizzerias could marry.I know the owners and I'm happy to say they're friends. If I didn't know them as well, I'd probably still be telling you that Sarah and Scott are two of the coolest people in town. They really care about the quality of their work and food, buying local, sustainability and green building. It reflects in everything they laboriously and lovingly  planned for their super cute pizzeria. We've had their pizza three times now and sampled the pepperoni, the sausage and mushroom with roasted red peppers, and my faaaavorite, the blue with mozzarella, Stilton, and port reduction. I've also ordered the spinach, parmesan and crispy prosciutto salad twice now- they serve it with a little olive oil dressing and lemon wedge, and it's perfect. Ooh, better yet...the sourdough rolls they serve with the salad. Little pillows of deliciousness. Their top secret sourdough crust is the right amount crisp and chewy and their tomato sauce is really tasty. Nothing here is ever frozen so all the ingredients are super fresh. I love the deep blue floor and the color on the walls - and their enclosed patio is nice and big and airy. The little corner bar area was a great idea, and their draft beers appeased my beer-snob husband. The service is quick and polite, the jukebox selection is amaaaazing, and it makes me happy that they have root beer on tap. Am I doing them a favor by writing a 5-star review? No. Take a look at the response already - they don't need my review. I'm doing YOU a favor.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,11/23/2009,124,118,14,14,15>I've been in love with just one coffeeshop since moving to Austin one year ago. In fact, my lover and I have never failed to see each other at least twice a week since we met back in July of 2008. Details will be spared here, but know that things have been lovely.  Until, one day, things went so innocently wrong. He couldn't be reached due to a really bad citywide rush-hour traffic-jam. We made promises to see each other soon, but I was feeling lonely that afternoon and thought I would just hang around downtown for awhile, you know, to wait for the storm to blow over so that I could see my beau later that night.  But something unexpected happened. It was like one of those moments you dream about but know will never come true...a parking spot became available right in front the Halcyon and I was able to whip right in.   Obviously, there were immediate sparks between us and I stayed longer than I should have. But he was so charming and so accommodating there was no way I could not have stayed, at least for a little while.  I've always been a loyal girlfriend, but now I'm rethinking my current monogomous coffeeshop relationship. Can a girl keep a coffeeshop on the southside and still have room for one more north of the river?
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,11/21/2009,48,60,14,11,11>Ever since some guy in high school told me I reminded him of Brooke Shields--and not because of the way I looked in my Calvins--I've been self-conscious of my eyebrows. Thick and dark, they've never been shy. Despite my paranoia, however, I was too scared to even pluck them for fear they'd grow back even more monstrous than before. So, for 34 years, they remained untouched.After reading an article about how women in their 30s can't get away with unmaintained eyebrows the way women in their 20s can, however, I started looking into waxing. I then read about threading and how much better it was for your skin, and after seeing Jamila's great reviews on Yelp, I decided to suck it up and check it out. I dropped in without an appointment and got in after a short wait.And, um, ouch.I had tears literally streaming down my face during the process. I was horrified and embarrassed, but Jamila, unfazed, kept handing me tissues so I could mop myself up. That stuff hurts! Don't kid yourself. Unlike waxing, which is a sharp but quick pain, threading continues on for awhile. It was a very weird sensation, kind of like my eyebrows were being zipped. And did I mention it hurt?I do like the look of my brows, though, so I feel bad about being so negative. She did a great job, and she's super nice and friendly. I'm just not sure I can go back. We'll see how they grow back, I guess...I may be forced to maintain a very painful ritual in the name of beauty. Oh, the joy of being a woman.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,11/20/2009,467,441,9,12,10>An Austin icon.I've been here a handful of times, the first, my introduction to the awesomeness that is Pong.  And, again, for Pong last night.  And a few times in between.  It's a small space with pretty good acoustics.  As other people have said, the crowd is diverse, as is the music offered here.  That, I believe, is probably my favorite thing about The Continental Club.  I also love the retro fifties/ late night talk show looking stage, it creates an excellent backdrop.Avoid the Lone Star, it's a tad pricey... if you're going to spend that much for beer, just step it up a bit.  They also have a full bar.  If you're lucky enough to nab a table or some chairs towards the back, you'll have a waitron, as well.  The tables annoy me slightly, though, it seems that so many more people could fit into the place if they'd just push them to the side or something.  Also, as my friend said, "If you're going to have just one beer on tap, this is the best option."  They have Guiness on draft, and that's the only one.Yeah, I dig this place.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,11/19/2009,91,169,5,13,11>There are some serious diamonds in the rough on Airport Blvd between Highland Mall and I-35, and Quality Seafood joins their ranks quite nicely in my book. I have a pretty high standard for what I consider great seafood. Being from the Pacific NW, I'd grown accustomed to fresh off the boat quality seafood wherever I went. Since moving to Austin a year ago with my Texas-native husband, I've been reluctant to give many places a shot at pleasing my refined marine palate. If you find yourself in the same quandary, don't hesitate to give Quality Seafood a try. They do not disappoint! I had the grilled mahi mahi fish tacos and they were divine. My only complaint was the salsa. The verde cream sauce didn't have much flavor, and the red salsa had plenty of spice, but wasn't quite my cup of tea. I also stole bites of my husbands fried cod, and it was fantastic. I'm not sure if it is a northern thing to serve malt vinegar with fish and chips, but the lack of it here was one of the few things I took exception with. I look forward to coming back again and again!
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,11/18/2009,271,233,8,13,14>This was my first taste of Ethiopia, literally.  I drove up here because I wanted something different, and I've been on an authentic ethnic food kick lately.  When I arrived, the restaurant was fairly empty, but with a few regulars (I'm guessing since Winnie called them by name).  It was clean, nicely decorated, and warm.  As I came for lunch, I got the vegetarian lunch buffet that included most of the vegetarian entrees, rice, and injera.  Injera is Ethiopian bread that is also used as an eating utensil.  You tear off pieces, use to the piece to scoop up the food into your mouth.  For the clumsy like myself, I wound up with more food on my hands and napkin than in my mouth.   Never fear though, they do have forks.  The vegetarian dishes were yummy and flavorful, but not at all spicy.  However, I am the person who eats 1/2 a cup of jalapeno's on a chicken sandwich, so my spice-o-meter has high threshold.  My favorites were the lentils, rice, and the injera.  I think I ate half the basket of injera by myself.  And that's the BIG communal basket, not a small basket.  Winne, the owner, asked me if I was vegetarian.  And since I wasn't, she brought me a bowl of Key Siga Wot which was like a chili.  It was very tasty, and while it was very similar to chili, there were unidentifiable spices that made it really interesting.  I ate myself silly.  Thank goodness I wore my stretchy pants.  Say "Hi!" to Winnie when you go, and have some injera for me.  She makes all the food herself, and the injera recipe she uses calls for 3 days of fermentation.  Now that's dedication.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,11/17/2009,238,365,13,7,5>For some reason, as I was thinking about Cafe Josie, that stupid "You are not the father" clip from Maury Povich came to mind. If you've never seen it, youtube it. The guy does a pretty kick ass dance when he finds out he is NOT the baby's father. Classy, I know. So, how Cafe Josie and Maury Povich/baby daddies are related, I do not know. Maybe because Cafe Josie is good enough to induce uninhibited dancing? Or because this place's ambiance is the perfect backdrop for dropping the "you're not my baby's daddy" bomb? Regardless, this place is very sweet and very good. I had the redfish with mango habenero butter, and it was delicious! I would love to come back again, either to try the pork tenderloin, or perhaps, maybe... to do a little dance or drop some terrible news on someone... :)YOU ARE THE FATHER. Now, pay the GD bill!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,11/16/2009,392,291,21,18,16>I'm funny and that's a fact. If you don't believe me you'll just have to argue with the people who have said so. Just take a look at my compliments:"Oh, Camron... you're so damn funny!" - Shanti S."Cameron... that line has to go down in the Yelp archive of  talk thread top ten hilarious comments.... well in mate.. well in indeed... " - Jens B.Very funny, man. Thanks for a good laugh..." - skraggle d."Just wanna say you're fuckin hilarious dude." - Mike L."Your Hut's Hamburger's post was "explosive diarrhea" funny." - Voodoo D."YOU are the original hilario sanchez with mohawk.  YOU ARE FUNNY, honey.  FUNNY. capital F.  for Funny.  YOU. ARE. FUNNY.  Seriously, keep your hat on!" - Kimberly K.So, naturally one would believe that I'm so funny that nothing comes out of my mouth unless it pure comic genius and I make girls laugh right out of their clothes. That's only about 50% true. I've been attending the New Movements free Wednesday night shoot-around for a month or two. Honestly, I'm really not that great at coming up with funny crap right off the top of my head. Sometimes I'll be on stage and just stand there like a jackass with nothing to say. These reviews you're reading that are so funny have sometimes taken me years to craft. So hopefully after a lot more practice and some lessons, people won't be able to speak with me without laughing so hard they pee their pants. I had watched a couple improv shows in the past and none of them were ever funny, so I just assumed I should never get involved with something so unfunny. The people I've been practicing with are actually funny and doing this is a lot more fun than I would have ever imagined.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,11/14/2009,161,122,13,13,9>Any time one bar is closed and another opens in the same space I get nervous. I'd been to Foundation hundreds of times and I was curious to see what they would do with 1/2 the space and needless to say, I was floored. First thing I'll say is Madison is DARK. REALLY REALLY DARK. In other words, DO NOT give or accept phone numbers from ANYONE unless you are in one of the better lit 'rooms' of the club or you've been there long enough for your eyes to adjust. Seriously. Nothing is more awkward that meeting up with the person you met at Madison 45 minutes later and not believing it is the same girl... um... my er.... friend... said. Once your eyes adjust to the darkness, Madison looks incredible. It took a long time to build this bar out and it is clear why: Every detail looks nice but not overly done (no sharks in the floor). The front bar looks great, the dance floor looks great and the upstairs area is also perfect with a small balcony for anyone who wants bottles. The staff has been very nice in the 3 times I have been to the bar ranging from prompt to funny and always attentive. I think the ownership of this bar (and Union Park) drill this over and over to the staff and it shows. You can be a snobby asshole when your bar is the shiny new toy, but a great staff will keep people coming even when the next shiny new toy opens.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,11/13/2009,323,2235,13,20,16>There is only so much I will put up with to eat tacos.  Walking up to the trailer and smacking my order down for some tacos, I was turned away as "Lunch isn't served until 11."  You have got to be kidding me.   Regardless, I sat at the little tables and got eaten alive by ants and this really word looking baby red spider... Another negative for you Izzoz Tacos... you're not looking favorable in my eyes... Torchy's down the street is looking mighty fine.  11 rolls around and I pop up out of my seat and place my order for the Padre taco and the Slowrider taco.  The order comes out about 5 minutes later... and boy was I glad I waited.  Padre taco: the slow braised pork melts in your mouth and the soft avocado pairs perfectly with the slices of pinapple... then the creamy tomatillo sauce melts within the crevices of the pork.  Heavenly taco... I'm actually drooling right now.  Slow-rider:  imagine the best pot roast you've ever had...in a $3 wrap with some cheese.  braised pork and carmelized onions with tangy cojita cheese?  unbeatable...  So kids, the moral of the story is: wait for your tacos, and you will be rewarded.  Torchy's you have been dethroned as the "Unique taco" king.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,11/12/2009,476,262,42,23,25>ATTENTION: They have 5 new doughnuts that they are previewing or "trying out" for the next month and only served Friday and Saturday evenings between 10pm and 2 am ...Fire in the Hole:  Fresh, made-to-order donut with high grade capsaicin cooked into it and soaked in Tito's Vodka and Bailey's Irish Cream and served - on fire - in a vat of chocolate fudge while you wade in a kiddie pool - naked - wearing diapers and getting your nipples pierced.  Not available when it is cooler than 70 degrees out. Prices depend on the hardness of your nipples.Boogie Bugs aka Party in your Mouth:  4 large Costa Rican Dung Beetles with Phoretic Mites cooked into the doughnut, alive, topped with live mating sea urchins atop 2 pounds of tepid cream cheese frosting.Fast lbs away: fresh, made to order donut shot with 4 doses of Alli, soaked in hot fudge and topped with lard and 2 pounds of butter, unsalted, from local farm and one pound of heavy whipping cream, whipped.  They ask that you bring a change of clothes or at least a pair of spare underwear.Sacred Hipster Denial:  one hundred dollar bill baked into hot jalapeno-laden donut topped with $300 True Religion Skinny Jean washing instructions and shards of cheap white plastic from overly large brown tinted sunglasses. Oh, covered in 29 pounds of hot fudge, 8 ounces of mascara, 3 ACL wristbands, 2 "you've been yelped!" cards and served with a very cold Pabst Blue Ribbon while you are having your arm tattooed with the Gourdough's logo. Prices vary depending on the mood and patience of the staff.Sweet Russian Roulette: Exploding bullet baked into hot doughnut and topped with one pound of fudge, one pound of toffee, 7 crushed golf balls and ample coconut sprinkles.  Only one to a customer.Hell is RIDICULOUS and it's UNDISCIPLINED.  (Went today - in the rain, mind you - and got The Flying Pig for $4.50.  Do you like BACON, BROWN SUGAR, HOT BUTTER on a HOT FRESH DONUT?  I hate these people. It sucked so bad that I had to lick the paper wrapper it came on and the box, yes, I licked the box. There is nothing about this place that is right.  NOTHING. Oh, and BTW, they are NOT open at 10 am on Sundays.  They open every day at 12 noon.  High noon.  JUST WALK AWAY - 10 steps away and don't look back and then turn and put a bullet in my head. Yeah, THAT High Noon. Oh, and the guy who took my order when I waddled up in the rain, was super not sweet. I will be returning when PIGS FLY.  Or sooner.  My friends are worried about me.  Sending me private messages about swimming and Bikram Yoga. Thanks for caring. I need to write a will.)
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,11/11/2009,704,840,40,19,20>After running an errand close by, we stopped in for Cowboy Tacos at Tacodeli today.  Our order came quickly and we loaded up on the appropriate amounts of salsa and magic green sauce.  A table was waiting for us outside and we sat down to munch our tacos and sip our tea.  Mmmm....Cowboy tacos are the best....chunks of tender beef tenderloin, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, grilled corn and queso fresco....so delicious. Or should I say "Delicioso!"But suddenly there was a flying intruder....   Me:  It's a bee!  A bee!  A bee!Husband: -----Me:  He's right in my face!Husband: -----Me:  Oh no!  He just sat on my Cowboy taco!  Husband: -----Me:  I don't want the rest. What if he peed on it?Husband: How small in a bee's microcosm would a bee's pee be?Me:  Uh, hello?  A bee's pee would be bee's pee and I don't want to eat bee's pee.Husband:  Give it to me. I'll finish it.Sheesh.  Married for twenty-four years and just learned today that my husband will eat insect pee. Disgusting!The Cowboy Taco was delicious until the bee attack.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,11/10/2009,315,273,18,20,17>I had Vietnamese food for the first time today.  No, YOU shut up!!!It just never even appealed to me before to try.  Well that all changed today.In fact, I'm eating my leftovers in between sentences.  So I'll keep this brief.Grilled Pork Vermicelli Bowl.  Six dollars even (be sure you have cash)Delicious.  The meat is fan-freaking-fastic.  I could just eat a bowl of it by itself, and actually I should because March was to be low carbs.  Oh well.The noodles are tasty, and I finally added the sauce that I turned my nose up at while at Lulu B's.  It's really good!!!FYI, to any of the ladies who dig cute, open-toed shoes.  You  might want to go with enclosed for your visit because you'll be walking through a lot of sand.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,11/9/2009,253,502,16,22,16>I recently moved and went to Yelp for reviews of movers. Unicorn came highly recommended by most, so I called for an estimate. Their estimate was so much lower than I expected that I decided to hire them to pack as well.Two days before my move, Lewis and Shawn showed up and had my entire place packed in 3 hours. They were super nice, and (as I'm learning as I unpack) did a SUPERB job at ensuring not even so much as a glass would crack.Since they did such a good job, I asked Unicorn if they could send them to do my move. They did, and early in the morning, I was greeted by a smiling Lew and Shawn. They took every single thing out of my place. They unhooked (and rehooked) my washer and dryer, as well as took down my floating shelves. They loaded and unloaded everything with great care, and were serious pros.I can't say enough good things about these guys, and Unicorn. My estimate was dead on, and when I had 14 more boxes than planned, my rate didn't go up much at all. I highly recommend Unicorn and Lew and Shawn in particular. And the truck is painted with an awesome unicorn so your shit'll look fly goin' down the road.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,11/8/2009,184,184,10,16,13>I've lived down the street from the Hideout for over two years now, and just got around to checking it out a couple of weeks ago.  I am kind of mad at myself that it took me so long to come here, but in my defense it is kind of a weird location.  However, now that the dark days pre-Hideout are behind me, I am happy to report that I have visited it at least 7 times in the past two weeks.Here are some things that make this place awesome:1) I have seen them play the following movies on the TVs above the bar: Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, Hard Target, Aliens, and Roadhouse.2) The patio is amazing.  Gigantic picnic tables for larger groups, smaller bistro tables for smaller groups, and lots of both to make sure everyone can get a seat.  And considering that it's right next to Mopac there's not very much road noise (unless some idiot is revving their car in the parking lot)3) The jukebox is pretty well stocked and only has a few things that suck or are incredibly inappropriate for the bar setting.  (Note to everyone in the entire world: please don't play Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt" unless you REALLY want to kill the mood in a place.)4) Clean bathrooms in a bar?  Yes please.5) The beer selection is not huge, but what they do have on tap is cheap and good.  $3 pints of Blue Moon are love in the Texas summer.6) The crowd is...diverse.  I have seen hipsters, goths, and punks here all at the same time without any kind of turf war breaking out.7) They're open until 2am EVERY NIGHT.  I have not seen another bar this far north with hours like that, so as far as I'm concerned they should be given a medal or something.8) I can walk here if necessary.  And if I drive, there's plenty of parking that does not require me to parallel park.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,11/7/2009,150,124,16,13,15>I would most definitely NOT recommend Wink Wine bar to anyone looking for a nice, quiet place to go where the staff is stellar and knowledgeable and where the food is fresh, amazing and imaginative. No not at all. Its sooo crowded, I'm sure you could never get a table. And don't even think for a minute you could say, put your name down at Uchi (where the wait is something like an hour and half in the heat) and hightail it over here for a drink or two, maybe an appetizer and still make it back in time to be seated. It just wouldn't work. Happy hour? Never. Date night? Nuh-uh. Girl's Night? Hell to the No!(Disclaimer: my son told me today was opposite day:)... But seriously, stay away. Wink is all mine.)
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,11/6/2009,235,378,22,11,15>T&S and I have been having an affair for about 7 years now.  It's a tumultuous relationship, but after our last tryst we are back on good footing.  I have learned a lot about T&S and myself during these years and I think this time I might have it right.  I now realize that T&S can't always meet my expectations, but that doesn't mean I should storm out and vow never to return.  I know now that T&S might whisper sweet nothings to my taste buds and promise me deliciousness forever, but isn't perfect and even with the best intentions can't live up to that.  In determining whether or not this was a relationship worth saving, I first tried to remember what first attracted me.  It wasn't based on looks, I can promise you that. With its crumbling exterior and shoddy interior, I was put off at first.  I think it was the Salt and Pepper Shrimp.  And we were both night owls, staying up until 1 am many nights.  Then I discovered the Sea Bass, the Scallops, the Dim Sum and things really heated up.  I even began thinking that T&S didn't really look so bad-charming and endearing, actually.  I think the problems began when I introduced T&S to my friends.  It was a little nerve-wracking-you know the pressure of introducing those closest to you?  At first it was a relief-they got along so well!  Perhaps a little too well...My friends wanted to share all their meals with T&S.  They thought it was so great and just couldn't get enough.  This was more than I had bargained for.  I enjoyed our occasional flings that had developed into a mutual attraction, but I wasn't ready to settle down with T&S forever.  I started holding things against T&S-"Remember that one time when the Shrimp Toast was really greasy?!?!?  Cuz I haven't forgotten!!!!", and noticing little things I had overlooked before, "What do you mean you close early on Tuesday??!?!? Since when?!?!?"  It all became too much and I abruptly ended the relationship.  Recently, an old mutual friend of ours tried to rekindle the old flame, and you know what?  It worked!  I don't think we will ever be as passionate as we once were, but it has matured into something deeper.  So next time someone mentions T&S, I won't cross my arms, roll my eyes and get all huffy.  I will simply go and enjoy it. It may be as wonderful as my fondest memories or I may remember the less happy times.  But I won't swear it off forever, because much like myself T&S has flaws, too.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2009,11/5/2009,66,105,15,26,14>As a certified Chinese person (sure, I'll show you my certificate), I am, genetically speaking, a dim sum expert.  So, when I first found out about Get Sum Dim Sum, I was understandably skeptical.  Neon pink signs?  A non-sketchy location outside of Chinatown?  Surely, the food would be inauthentic and expensive.  I assumed they would serve General Tso's chicken in bamboo steamers and laugh all the way to the bank, having conned gullible whiteys out of their lunch money.My husband and I had a quick lunch there today and were, to say the least, pleasantly surprised.  The menu options are pretty authentic.  They have pretty much everything my family would get at traditional dim sum, including har gao (shrimp dumplings), pork shu mai, law baw gao (daikon cake), wu kok (fried taro paste), chang fun (rice noodle sheet dumplings), sesame balls, egg tarts, zongzi (sticky rice wrapped in bamboo or lotus leaves), and cha sao bao (barbecued pork buns).  (Apologies for my inaccurate pinyin and inconsistent crossover between Mandarin and Cantonese pronunciations.  Usually, when I order at traditional dim sum, I just point at the things I like on the carts.)You can order a la carte, as you would at traditional dim sum, and they also offer two combination specials, which seem to be directed at dim sum newcomers.  If you're new to dim sum, I recommend the GetSum combo, which gives you two dim sum dishes (try the har gau and pork shu mai), a pork or veggie bao, and a sweet sesame ball.  Ask the server for an extra plate, because you'll need it for pouring your soy sauce and chili sauce, which you can find on the condiments table, along with the napkins and chopsticks.The food itself is pretty good.  Sure, it's not going to be the best dim sum you've ever had (for me, that title still belongs to Chau Chow City in Boston), nor is it going to be the cheapest, but if you're craving dim sum on a weekday or just want to grab a bite with a few friends, Get Sum Dim Sum is a great option.  Truth be told, I think this place is *better* than Shanghai, which is expensive compared to most dim sum restaurants and serves tiny portions.All in all, I'm a big fan of the concept.  I can have dim sum without feeling like I have to bring nine of my best friends along, I can order just a few of my favorite dishes, and I don't have to make the trek to Houston to get decent dim sum.  Just one thing, Yelp -- could you *please* remove the "Asian Fusion" label from the listing?  While the concept is innovative, the food itself is certainly not fusion (it's 100% Cantonese), and the fusion label nearly turned me off from trying it in the first place.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,11/4/2009,348,383,6,12,8>Mom needed a new vacuum. Her 35 year old Kenmore canister finally went to where all good vacuum cleaners go when they die - the dump. She has an Oreck upstairs for the carpet but needed something for the hardwood floors - which just got replaced by the way due to a water leak. Here's a tip: don't ever change your hardwood floors if it isn't absolutely necessary. It's a huge freakin' mess!!!! As you can imagine, the vacuum purchase was a top priority.Mom is picky. She has to have a canister since she wants the long hose for the ceiling fan. She is also convinced everything will scratch her floor. She didn't want the Dyson (which I own) because the wheels are plastic or the brushes turn and MIGHT scratch the floor. When we walked in a red-haired gentleman said he isn't a salesman but a repairman and will be happy to help us. Right off the bat, he recommended Dyson. Online we saw Dyson's with rubber wheel covers for the international units, but not for the US. She just wasn't going to be happy with the plastic wheels. Personally I don't think they will scratch, but it's the type of thing that will eat at her forever. I can see her on the floor with a magnifying glass looking for scratches.Understanding exactly what Mom was needing, the erudite vacuum repairman/salesman directed her to a Sebo Air Belt K2 Hunter. This little machine is about a 1/3 of the size of the old Kenmore, but very quiet. It has a place for attachments and the cord is several feet longer than the old Kenmore's cord. And yes there is a tiny rubber strip around the wheels, but I don't see what difference it will make to be honest.As an added bonus for someone very particular about keeping scratches off the floor and paint, he pointed out the cushioned sides around the canister. Mom was sold at that moment, price be damned. And honestly after witnessing the suction power, I was too. I think I still prefer Dyson for carpets, but this is a nice little unit I'd be proud to own. So our friendly and helpful salesman (yes he sold the hell out of this thing, he's graduated from repairman to salesman now), then proceeds to knock off a $120 off the price and throw in an 8 pack of bags. This brought the price to $379. A cursory internet search shows prices anywhere from $419-$499! Five year warranty is included. They will service the vacuum cleaner right there at the shop. Why the hell anyone would go to Best Buy, Target, Sears, or Big Box whatever to buy a vacuum while ABC is conveniently here in Austin is beyond me. I know it might be easier to walk into the Big Box and slap down a credit card and not give it much thought, but ABC is really interested in showing you a vacuum that fits your needs and promises to service it if needs it.Very friendly and helpful. Great prices. Highly recommended! 5 Stars!UPDATE 1-15-09: Still the same great service! For our new house, the wife and I went and picked up the same Sebo K2 Hunter my mother bought, as well as a new Dyson Animal Ball for upstairs. They worked out an AMAZING deal for both. Still very happy with ABC Vacuum!!!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,11/3/2009,90,161,16,16,13>OK...I admit it... I am the biggest crybaby out there when it comes to any visit to the dentist. I will reschedule, pretend to forget, change the subject in conversation, and of course, whine and complain as the appt date nears. I have to be pushed out of the house kicking and screaming and laughed at by my daughter and still i cringe in horror as i drive into the dentist parking lot. I'm sorry, sharp metal pointy dangerous objects being poked and prodded I'm my mouth just doesn't do it for me. Basically for me its like volunteering to walk in to a torture chamber and let them have at you. Thank goodness i found Advanced Dental Care. They offer sedation dentistry which i tried for the first several visits due to my apprehension. Eventually a i grew to understand that they were actually there to help me and not the evil deliverers of pain that i had come to expect. I have been weened off of the sedation and can now make a normal visit, except for the previously mentioned kicking and screaming etc. Dr. Zatopek, Dr. D'Abadie and Dr. Davidson are gentle and professional and understand persons like me that have extreme dental anxiety. They are really great with kids as well. So now the whole family goes there. Now i have healthy teeth and that's got to be good. The entire staff at Advanced Dental have always treated me great and are friendly and caring. Believe me that helps a lot.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,11/2/2009,27,26,20,14,16>One bite and I knew it: Lane Bryant, here I come. Future Me is going to be majorly chubby. I'm conflicted over whether or not I should be writing this review. On the one hand, I want you jerks to stay away and not mob the amazingness that is Tarbouch. However, if they ever close down it will ruin my life. So here we go:Tarbouch (which means a little fez-type hat in Arabic, btw) is situated in a funny little building next to Curra's on Oltorf. As soon as I spotted the place I knew I had to have dinner there because Le Boyfriend is Syrian/Lebanese. He misses the taste of the motherland and has found no reasonable replacements in Austin...until now. The guys who work there are friendly and adorable and will have no idea what you're saying unless you point at the menu or happen to know Arabic. If I could give their hummus, tabbouleh. baba ganouj, potatoes, falafel and baklava all seven stars I would. Freaking amazing. Order anything with "Grecian sauce" on it. It's actually strained yogurt with garlic and spices added and is the thickest, creamiest thing you've ever put in your mouth. (Yeah, I just typed that) . Everything is so authentic and absolutely delicious. I was stuffed at the end of my dinner, but somehow still wanted more. Dinner, dessert, coffee, etc was about $25.I'm going to get the sh%*  smacked out of me if my mother-in-law ever reads this, but the food here is better than hers. True story.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,11/1/2009,310,185,11,11,11>Left smiling and looking pretty good for the shape I'm in.I waited much too long for this haircut, but JT didn't laugh at my approximation of Rick Perry/Rod Blagojevich moptoppery.  A Lonestar in my hand, I put my head in his hands, as it were.  With clippers, not the chainsaw I had expected, and scissors, he snipped and clipped away at my unruly mop of salt & (mercifully more) pepper till once again the sheer weight of it didn't upset the beer belly center of balance equilibrium I have been nurturing so carefully these past few decades.It looked good, not too fussed over, and able to be restyled with some water and a scrunch of my hand--low maintenance head cover, just what the doctor ordered.Pleasant, clean, comfy and reasonably priced.  A good haircut too.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,10/29/2009,495,689,19,17,22>I truly love occasions when I decide to do something for others and everything just falls into place. The ex was struggling with her recent transition to low-carbing, the daughter was pining for her Brazilian-bred beau who only has weekend transportation, and the last night of Austin Restaurant Week was turning out to be dark, drizzly, and unnecessarily somber. So just for the fun of it, I rounded up all three suspects and took them to dinner at Fogo de Chao.They were delighted with the surprise pilgrimage to the Temple of Meat (especially the Brazilian dude), and they were only slightly befuddled when I stopped at the entrance and paused: A moment of silent thanks for the bounty we were about to partake. Remember the theme song to "I Dream of Jeannie?"  o/~...dah, dah, bring me pi-can-ha......dah, dah, slice more al-ca-tra...o/~ ; okay, okay, this is how I amuse myself. The food here is wonderful, but I'm starting to think the service is even better: Fogo has mastered the art of transparent attentiveness--my iced tea glass was always full, but I never noticed anyone refilling it. I also appreciate odd little details, like the interesting collection of olive oil and balsamics at the salad bar. For ARW, Fogo was offering complementary desserts, which they just packed for us to take because none of us could eat any more, which I thought was pretty cool. You know, I really don't have a snappy ending for this--Fogo de Chao is superb, everyone had a great time, and I love bringing people here.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,10/28/2009,288,258,12,14,13>Ok, so check it:Remember the first time you walked all up in Fire Bowl, stared at the giant menu tablets and thought, wow, so many choices but the concept is easy enough!  Let's do this, son!Well, fast-forward to the opening day at Tarka.  I walk in and what do I behold?  Yep!  Same style menu that makes ordering Indian food a snap.  Of the starters, I went with the Samosa Chaat.  Onto the curries, of which there are six to choose from, I went with the Vindaloo and chose chicken as my protein.  But you can have your curry with veggies or paneer if you prefer a meatless option.  And according to yours truly, no Indian food meal is evah complete without a healthy dosing of naan, so I went with the garlic kind. Everything (and I did try my two dining companions' dishes as well) was full of flavor!  And all this for a mere fourteen bucks and change!  So when I'm not prepared to spend hours at a buffet, I can definitely see myself hitting up Tarka for a fast dinner that's still big on the flavah.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,10/27/2009,48,88,8,11,13>If Parts & Labour could be transformed into a high school student, it would definately be that way cool kid that didnt know they were so cool, but is liked by everyone, and doesnt let the coolness get to their head. During the past two months I've been spending more time down on South Congress, and Parts & Labour has become a regular stop for me when I'm there. The more I go, the more I become a fan of their tshirts for guys. Definately alot of local style in hipness in this place. Throughout the weeks I've gotten several shirts from here and they have quickly become my top favorites. I like how this shop has stuff for everyone. From newborns to adults, there is something here for everybody if you look hard enough. I even got a kick ass baby outfit for my best friends newborn. She says that whenever she dresses the kiddo in it, she gets soo many compliments on how cute she looks and they ask where she got the outfit at.  So a thousand thanks to Parts & Labour for keeping myself & my best friends kid lookin hip & cool.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,10/26/2009,212,150,15,12,15>What is paradise?What makes a good bar?Cheap beer. Pool tables. A wall of old arcade games. Friendly staff. Great jukebox. Girl in Olivia Newton-John pants. Running into old friends. Feeling like you're in someone really cool's den, and that you can come back any time you want. Walking distance from my house.Girl in Olivia Newton-John pants (!).Paradise. Good bar. Shangri-La.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,10/25/2009,67,104,9,11,8>I have kids. These kids are boys and these boys are messy. We also have a dog. The dog is a boy and he too is messy. I also have a husband. Guess what? He's messy too. Every couple of months I get my carpets cleaned because of these boys in my life. I've been changing up who I get my carpets cleaned from because I've been unhappy with the previous people who have cleaned my carpets. I mean, I know they've TRIED to get them clean but I have REALLY messy boys. K&M came in and went to town on my carpets. A lot of "other" companies charge you for pretreatments and after treatments. K&M includes them in their prices for FREE. They are cheaper AND they include all of the extra stuff people charge you a ton for. I made a next day appointment and they showed up on-time with 2 people in their crew. They moved my furniture for me (no extra charge thank you very much) and placed base covers on the bottoms of my tables and couches so they don't get ruined by the moisture. The guy on the phone was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely be calling them back in a few months when my boys have destroyed my beautiful carpets again. Also, check their website for their online deals.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,10/24/2009,76,280,15,13,15>So, what - the rollerblading craze is over, is that what I'm getting? Well, good. F those guys. Seriously. Way too many wheels for a single person. I mean, I know they're small and all, but what are there like eight on each skate now? Before this afternoon I hadn't been out to the Veloway in probably 10 years, since before I moved to out Phoenix even, and those guys, those way too many wheel guys, they were why I'd never gone back - used to be like thirty of 'em to every cycle, I swear to God. Half of em didn't even know what they were doing. Tripping over themselves. Veering this way and that. Was like navigating the falcon through that asteroid field, I'm telling you, those guys. But now that I'm back home where I belong - and living south west - well, this place is just around the corner and I was out riding so I figured I'd give it another chance. And this time, only two of those rollerbladers were out there. Nice. I don't remember all those houses though - were they there before? A little distracting, actually, at least the first time around. But 2 or 3 laps in, when you're really groovin', I don't know, they just fade away, and it's like you're just out in the woods somewhere, I don't know. A paved road through the woods. Quite relaxing, actually. Without all those damn rollerbladers, anyway. F those guys.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,10/23/2009,325,414,11,21,14>You know how sometimes you go to a store and someone asks if they can help you, and you say you have someone helping you already and they say "Oh, okay," and slink off, disappointed that they won't get you as commission? Well, Hem is not like that. I went in during the Block Party that the stores at 12th and Lamar hosted, just to check it out. There were a lot of people in there, but it wasn't terribly crowded. Someone (and dang, I'm sorry I didn't catch the names!) asked how I was and if I needed help. I told them I wanted some new jeans, told them my body type and told them I didn't want to spend *too* much money. She asked how much was too much, and pointed me to some of the gently used ones while she went and picked out several styles for me.She set me up in a room and I started the daunting task of trying on jeans. (Jeans and swimsuits really are the worst, aren't they?!)  The first pair I tried on were the golden ticket. For the ones I could actually pull on, I showed my friend who helped analyze the good-butt-ness of them.The first employee came back to check on me and I told her what was good, what wasn't. At one point, another employee saw me and asked if I was doing okay. She asked if I needed anything and although I told her I was already being helped, she went to retrieve even more jeans. Yes, the jeans I ended up with were super long. I think they all are. I think you're SUPPOSED to get them HEMmed to fit!  I suggest going on any day but Sunday, when the alterations guy is not there. Because I was there on Sunday, I had to go back later in the week, but I dropped them off and they were ready less than 24 hours later. Alterations were $12 for the HEM I got. I've slowly realized that my body no longer fits the (cheap) jeans from Old Navy, which are made for little girls with no hips. I've slowly learned that it's worth it to spend a lot of money on jeans. I have a feeling these New Good Butt Jeans will last a long time and oh, my are they comfy!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,10/22/2009,324,543,11,22,19>A quick grunt of acknowledgement is all I need from a gas station proprietor. But the family that runs Hyde Park Market goes above and beyond, smiling and being really friendly every single time I walk in.I admit, the main reason I come here is for the cheap gas. The largely organic and gourmet selection of goodies here is even pricier than Whole Foods, but I still have to respect a tiny convenience store for such an effort at providing quality products. They're extremely helpful, and my one complaint used to be that they didn't have an air pump, but they do now -- and it's free with a fill-up! And they'll turn it back on for you if you run out of time to fill your tires!I avoid most stations where they don't have a card-reader on the pump, but they're so pleasant here that it doesn't bug me at all to have to go in, hand them my card to get the pump turned on, go back out and pump my gas, and go back in to sign my receipt.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,10/21/2009,139,109,6,11,13>Sometimes the overall feeling about a restaurant comes more from your companions than the actual food and drink.  I've been swamped with work for the last several months and hadn't seen much of Tara, and it had been ages since I last saw Michelle, Chris and Kimberly.  Tara's review tells you about our group meeting there for Sunday brunch.  The place looked good and felt very comfortable. The OJ mimosas were great.  The staff was friendly, polite and efficient.  The Nutella-banana French toast was just OK, but I wish I'd gotten one of the egg dishes enjoyed by others in our group, and the fried chicken on a nearby table looked really good.  I don't hold a grudge---even though I didn't much care for what I ordered.  I'll be back and try something else from the menu.  And if I'm lucky, I'll be with the same group (and maybe a few more Yelpers I haven't seen for awhile).
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,10/20/2009,2678,1330,9,13,13>Austin has so many asian options. In fact, I live across the street from Din Ho. I like Din Ho and I will still eat there regularly for all my chinese colonic needs. However, this place amazed me. My fabulous friend Sylvia is like their one woman PR machine. She picked me up and we zoomed along the tollway while she spun tall tales of a perfectly spiced fish dish and authentic chinese food. I have never had a chinese fish dish and so was a little skeptical. Then i had fish fireworks in my mouth. Perfect heat, fresh, lightly fried, salty, spicy, HUGE, lots of bok choy and the rice was so damn sticky that when i put soy sauce on it, I couldve still stuck it to the wall. I wanted to grab the dish and start calling it my precious. Folks, I think we have an addiction. The market was fabulous but I was in too much of a food coma to process. Guess that means I'll have to go back. Darn.Note: If you want soda, buy it up front first and then take it back to that little piece of heaven that is the cafe.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,10/19/2009,231,205,12,17,19>Yay!! Super Burrito is where it's at, kids. I called in an order for a poblano burrito (chile relleno stuffed with cheese with guacamole and pico de gallo), and 5 minutes later I was the lucky owner of said lunch. But you guys: it was better than expected! The delicious, thin flour tortilla'd burrito looked like it had been toasted after rolled on the griddle to achieve extra flavah, and the dude in the window hooked me up with limes, two types of delicious sauces, and plenty of napkins. Once back at the office, I sat at my desk making 'mmm' noises as I hoovered that burrito. Thing is, it was the perfect size-- just longer than my hand in length, but not huge in girth like Chipotle or Freebird's.Extra star for being locally-owned, and the caped burrito mascot makes me smile.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,10/18/2009,611,369,30,9,9>Wow, this place has really expanded.  Man, the selection is quite nice now.  Ooh, look all the adorable furniture and mod play-clothes.  Check out this dress... it's made of some type of hemp cord or is that just really strong yarn or something?  I would look so cute in that in Denmark.  Looks like some fatty tried to get in it and semi-stretched it out, boy, that must've taken effort as this fitted size XS, little thing doesn't look like it's got ANY elastic to budge... I bet I could I could squeeze into that.(enters fitting room confidently)This isn't as easy as I thought, I've never felt "stuck" in something just pulling it over my head.  I should stop now, but hell with it, why not... I'm going to pull it down a little lower, Jesus, this hurts, I wish it had a zipper or something...(5 minutes later)Okay, this is getting hard, but I must see what it looks like on.  This could be my "Arriving in Copenhagen" dress, it's so perfect!  It'll look great, just, OUCH THAT'S TIGHT (breathes heavily) just a little more, maybe if I lift that boob it'll come down a little further ACK! Whew, there.  It's almost on... just keep slowly pulling...(7 minutes later)It's on!  Wow, it does look pretty sweet, I can't get over how tight it is on me!  No wonder someone else already stretched out these little knits right here, anyone larger than Taiwanese gymnast could suffocate in this thing!  Well, I have a happy hour to attend, better get it off.(yank)(yank, yank)(pull)(yank, yank, yank)(this review is sounding dirtier than it should, really)(pull, pull, yank)(face turns red)(lots of physical exertion)(panic)Oh dear god, I have put myself into a Chinese finger trap dress!   CHRIST!  GET IT OFF! GET IT OFF! GET IT OFF!! ARGH!  Maybe if I pull a little less hard, OW!  No, no, no, okay maybe if I try to slowly wiggle out like I slowly wiggled in... oh god, I'm breathing hard from the effort, they're going to think I'm having sex with a guy, myself, or having a battle to the death with something in here, try not to breathe, try not to breathe, oh god I wish I had scissors, I'll pay for the damn dress just GET IT OFF!!! I'm going to die in this thing!(20 minutes later)(getting bored trapped in dress)Maybe if I pull this over to here... ah... and pull my arm into this 2 cm. wide arm hole bent and get the arm through the neck... wait not working, let's get the bra off.  Now the bra is flopping out over the front of the dress, arms still trapped in straps, one arm stuck in bent retard position, oh Christ, I looked retarded enough already if I have to call for help like this, oh no, I'm going to be "THAT GIRL," their Protoype-Christmas party "funniest thing that happened in the shop this year" story for the next 10 years running, oh god, I have to get this off, maybe I can pull it back on and say I liked it so much I wanted to wear it out, oh god, the arm!  The bra!  No turning back now, oh god, I think I'm sweating.(10 minutes later)Slow wiggles, breathe, puuuuulll, try not to make noise... ease it off, wait, the BOOB!  Lift that one, push it there, okay it's lifting it's lifting, there is a light at the end of this fucking dress-from-hell tunnel, almost... almost... almost(15 minutes later)(exits fitting room looking terrifyingly disheveled, almost like hero at end of horror movie having slain zombies and escaped beast-filled caverns)I'm buying the stretchy red dress instead.  No need to try it on.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2009,10/17/2009,94,263,21,13,11>A shrimps life is pretty mundane I would imagine... I mean fleeting around in dirty bayou water, in hopes of chomping on a piece of fish shit or fish wallop.. perhaps a little small micro bacteria thingy... I mean they are pretty much bottom feeders and will probably eat anything that comes their way.... then while blissfully minding your own business some MOFO comes along and rips you from the depths.. slams you on the deck of a boat, stuffs you in an ice cooler and slowly let's you suffocate to death, while freezing your little fins off.. water boarding has nothing on this, to the way a shrimp dies.As the day progresses, someone rips your poop shoot out and you get "cleaned"... ya baby, when I get reincarnated, I want to return as a shrimp... ONLY if I get to sit atop the grits I had for lunch yesterday at The Grove Wine Bar. The Grove is in the snooty part of Austin.. Bee Caves Road, in a shopping center which houses the worst parking lot ever. As I waited for my guest to join me for lunch, I was intrigued by the folks coming in.. Somebody in Bee Caves was driving a Pink Caddy for all the Mary Kay shit some of these wrinkly old crows were wearing.. but hey instead of looking 65.. they looked 64 so all is good.. and let's not talk breast augmentation and girls Capri pants should never be worn after 50.. Just Saying...Anyhow I was bored and then my guest arrived to declare this was a great restaurant and did I like brochette... We got the Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil Brochette. It was quite good actually.. perhaps a little spritz of Balsamic would of been nice, but it was tasty. When the waiter came by and announced the specials, he mentioned he only had one. Smoked Gouda Cheese Grits with Wilted Baby Spinach, Apple Smoked Bacon and Shrimp....well slap me stupid.. I'll have 4 of those please.... oh it's an entree portion.. then one please. The dish arrived and the colors were beautiful and the taste was spot on. The grits had a little texture to them and the cheese sauce was awesome. My only detraction was that the tails were still on the shrimp. Unfortunately, I didn't notice so the first shrimp when down a little rough.. the little guy reminded me of what an ordeal he went through for me to eat him and tickled my throat all the way down my gullet. But, after that, the other five didn't stand a chance. I ate the whole bowl, everything.. I was stuffed afterwards.. this was quite a rich plate of food for lunch but worth every bite. I was pretty impressed. We will be having lunch there next Wednesday. and I will see what they have in store for me.... so far so good!
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,10/16/2009,150,65,17,17,11>This joint is run by Cheryl Piquard, who has, as the name suggests, experience in both laser hair removal and old-school electolysis.  And Cheryl is fabulous.  I was referred to her by a trans lady I met.  (By the way, trans women are often the best people to ask for electrolysist referrals.  Think about it.)  Is Cheryl cheap? No.  But she's totally worth it.First off, she has excellent customer service skills.  She's nice, she's knowledgeble.  She's aware of medical conditions and hormonal issues that get people in her door and can converse about the latest medical research.  Better than all of this, though, is that she treats every hair like she has her own personal vendetta against it.  She'll zap you until every last sucker is gone from your skin.  She refers to the hairs she's zapped as "dead soldiers".  This pretty much makes her a 5 star general in the war against unwanted hair.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,10/15/2009,178,534,4,6,6>It's an Italian restaurant. We went there on Monday and we have been in old Mars indoor for dinner several times. So we decided to sit at back patio. We ordered seafood pasta and dinner special Wild Boar Gnocchi. I like both. Wild boar just tastes like beef to me. Seafood pasta is small portion. Gnocchi tastes pretty good. Since it's potato based, it's very filling. Only one problem about outdoor patio is mosquitoes are very annoying. We were bitten by several of them. In the end, we had to pay in a rush.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,10/14/2009,446,557,12,21,15>Now that  I'm thirty I've decided to ratchet the beauty treatments up a notch. I'm not all wrinkly, but I'd like to stay that way,  so I decided to try some microdemabrasion. I have a few discolorations and flaws that aren't very noticeable with makeup, but being my best self is important to me. I don't want to have to wear makeup. I want to roll out of bed in the morning with the kind of skin that makes people go "Wow!" As I get older, I want to be people to look at me in disbelief when I reveal my age. (Is that vain?  Yes, but at least I'm honest.) I had one treatment + a facial, and I think I might be on my way to those goals. The procedure didn't feel pleasant (the name does have the word "abrasion" in it after all), but it wasn't painful.  Ignorant of microderm, I expected something like a dremel to be used on my face, but in reality the procedure was much milder. A special tool sprays tiny crystals get onto your face then sucks them back in. This process buffs off the outermost layer of your epidermis, removing dead cells and causing your body to create fresh new cells.  My skin's surface felt smoother immediately. The micro reduced the dark spots in addition to removing some congestion on the left side of my face that had been bothering me lately.  Actually, I liked the service so well that I bought a package. This time I got a facial as well, which was excellent--even better than last time, and I think that since the outer layer was removed, my skin accepted the creams and lotions more effectively than it would have otherwise. I'm excited to go back again in a few weeks!*Mini-update*I went back for round 2.  I must have tough skin or a high pain tolerance because I went to level 9, then 10, and still didn't find the procedure particularly irritating. In order to reduce my hyper-pigmentation spots even more efficiently, I did a glycolic peel afterward because my skin would be more receptive to it right after the micro (or so I'm told). I thought it was going to burn, but it didn't really sting much at all.  The lady next to me was apparently not so tough, but really, I thought it was no big deal.  By the time I left, my face didn't even look very pink. My skin did look very nice though. Next time, I'll go to 11.  It's one more.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,10/13/2009,77,81,8,15,12>It's becoming a tradition - the hubby and I went for our 1st wedding anniversary.  With a sad occasion at home - we waited until the last minute to decide whether to leave the house or not.   We made it there at 8pm to be told that they didn't have any availability until 10pm.  You can call in for reservations!  I would recommend it! We decided to sit in the cocktail table seating - but were able to order dinner.  We had oysters (stingray was our favorite), grilled octopus and seared scallops as appetizers.  The scallops were the best we've had in a LONG time!   Do yourself a favor - ask your wait staff what they think is the best!  We came up with winners throughout dinner.  Then we shared the crispy snapper - Amazing!  We ended with the blueberry shortbread and thought it was nice they didn't add sugar to it - so we got nice flavor!We started with champagne - and got a bottle of the Moscifilioero from Boutari - which is one of my favorite wines.  Very well priced - in fact I thought everything was very well priced - especially the oysters.And lastly - the service from Sabrina was remarkable.  She was so attentive - and right on our wavelength!  She did a great job of making us feel special - even though we were sitting in cocktail seating!Definitely going back - especially since its in our neighborhood!  And definitely bringing clients too!And - to note - if you have a large group - they have very large community tables there that would be perfect for it!
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2009,10/12/2009,52,148,9,15,10>I cannot express how much I love Sugar Mama's. I tried telling the owner/master baker one time, and just couldn't get past 'You make the best cupcakes in the world.' The Hemingway - Key Lime Pieish with the limiest frosting everThe Southern Bell - Red Velvet I'd hurt someone forJack's Lemon - So lemony, so smooth, not acidic in the slightestThe Hula - Toasted Coconut that owns me completelyHummingbird - Oh so unique and spicy but light and lovelyStrawberry Love - Strawberries in the batter and the creamy, cool frosting. Yes, please. Black and Tan - A hint of Guinness, not overpowering at all but just enough to get the deep, rich flavorFrench Toast - My favorite, and truly a standout in uniqueness, consistency, and flavor. The Elvis - *sigh* It makes me sad to say, but this is a serious miss. I am *not* a fan of the peanut butter frosting. It just doesn't taste *right* to me. The banana cupcake is superb, though. No...no I don't go to Sugar Mama's at least once a week...why do you ask?
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,10/11/2009,368,209,9,17,20>I've been to a few wine bars, and so far this is my favorite in Austin. What I love about House Wine besides the selection of wine and that it is well, a house, is the decor, including the art (paintings, photographs) from local artists, rotated on a regular basis..I like the interior, but make sure to sit on the patio before it gets too hot (Oh, wait, that's now. Never mind). The cheese plates are great too if you need a little snacky snack (the $24.95 three cheese plate with crackers and smoked salmon was plenty for three of us) -- I especially loved the Tuscan olive three cheese spread included with each plate. I didn't quite understand the tortilla chips with the cheese, but this is Texas.If cheese and crackers won't satisfy your hunger, you can always walk over to nearby P. Terry's for a burger to go.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,10/10/2009,255,164,13,13,15>TOMO Arigato, Mr. Roboto..Tomo! (tomo)... Tomo! (tomo)I think that's what Styx was singing.. At least that's what *I* was saying when I went here for my birthday dinner.  I got full off some Tasty dishes, such as the Screaming Orgasm, the Dynamite, Say My Name! roll, and whatever they call the crabcake. I think it's just called Crab Cake... Which fits, because it was the only item we ordered that was boring and sub-par.Our server was patient, attentive and friendly. It was a slow Monday night, so I'm not sure if we would've had the same service if it was busy, but I had no problems with her at all.When we were seated, the music was barely audible, so my friend asked one of the chefs to turn it up a bit. This was a mistake in my opinion, because he smiled like, "oh snap it's a party up in herr now!"Then he turned it up and later began to rap along to the hip-hop. I like a casual atmosphere, but after we were there awhile I think the guys behind the sushi bar got a bit too casual. Loudly discussing how so-and-so "rolls it so tight you can hardly smoke it".. I'm assuming he wasn't talking about a tuna hand roll.    So to the other Yelpers callin out the chefs' lack of professionalism.. I feel ya. Everything else was fine though, really. I wouldn't hesitate to go back and try some of the sashimi.  Perhaps I'll stick to the mid-week dinner for the best service.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,10/9/2009,354,138,6,27,25>If a restaurant could have culture built into its walls, this one has captured that secret beneath its paint.  Somewhere between the low lighting, the mismatched silverware and the chic but provencal decor, there is a comfortable eating area with dark walls, waitresses with strikingly classical features, and a bar of beautiful people enjoying the company of everyone around them.  There is a romantic haze in the air that can only be described as some kind of anachronistic transplant of an old choppy celluloid film complete with subtitles and  a tinny soundtrack. I walked in to find standing room only and a general happy feeling not like many restaurants I've patronized in the Austin area.  The wine was pouring and the owners spoke french much too quickly for me to understand.  I had the chance to ask a couple of questions and brush up on my french with no attitude for my poor conjugation.  They appreciated the diction and offered no correction.  I had the distinct pleasure of a game of patanque (France's version of Bocce) with the owners' friend and fellow chef after a great meal.  I'm reserving a star for the next time I come here, and I fully expect them to get it.  The only thing that kept me from giving this restaurant a five star rating is the fact that they ran out of exactly what I wanted, but hey it was late.  They will work out the kinks and when they do, they will be busier than even they could imagine.  This restaurant is something everyone should experience.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,10/8/2009,103,80,25,15,19>Superdupercalifraginastylicousness just off the drag in the heart of Hyde Park.  The Nasty's is closed Sundays, so I have found it best to only go Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  Hey it is on my way home from Little Woodrow's. Stop Judging Me!  I feel my previous review deserves an update as I've gotten to know and love the little place a lot more in the past two years.  When the bastard's closed our beloved Showdown last May - The Nasty's took us in.  Nasty's has its faults (READ MEN'S BATHROOM), and the regular Lone Star price is .75 cents too high.  That said, I've sort of fallen for the place over the past few years.  Mainly it is the people I think. It does not hurt that I positively adore the two main bartenders, my friends, "L" and "J."  They take such good care of my wife and I, it is hard to go anywhere else really.  The Nasty's Ladies and I are single handedly bringing back the classic cocktail, "The Rickey."  I was discussing the advantages of "The Rickey" line of beverages with my wife, and "L" overheard me and mentioned she made something similar for her friends.  She experimented a little and boiled the cocktail version down to a shooter, and VIOLA! "The Rickey" was born again in Austin, TX.   Pop in and ask for one.  A lime or vodka Rickey is just vodka, alot of lime and a splash of soda shaken(NO SUGAR). I've experimented with a GIN RICKEY, a regular RICKEY (Bourbon) and even a Jaeger RICKEY.  I can't recommend the latter really.  Anyways, I like to think that my bartenders at Nasty's add a special ingredient, LOVE.   Or maybe it is just a stiff pour.....No I think it is LOVE. The Rickey will be the "in" drink inside of a year.  The new Mojito or Cosmo.  You will be ordering one at the Four Season's and telling your friends about how you read about The Rickey on yelp so long ago.  They will be greatly impressed.   Some of you uncouth heathen that lack my historical knowledge of the art of the cocktail will undoubtedly ask, "Hey isn't that just a vodka soda."  To which I can only reply, "SUCK IT." Enough about The Rickey, back to the good folks at Nasty's.  My friend, "L" the raven haired glasses wearing stunner from my last review is still there.  Besides the Rickey, she has her own signature drink, The Librarian.  Tastes sorta like a vodkadized orange creamsicle. Packs quite a wallop too.  "L" has a rare +5 bartender ability. I don't know if she puts truth serum in the drinks or what, but I have seem to have an innate need to share inappropriately personal things with her.  I try to tip her well for the free therapy and just for putting up with me. "J" is a relatively new arrival. She's the coolest thing since Ray-bans or maybe sliced bread, or maybe air-conditioning.  I dunno think of something really cool, then something cooler than that, and this lady is twice as cool as that. In summation she is a pretty cool lady.  A kind old Austin soul, I'm glad I know her.  Plus she can make a mean Rickey!I guess I sorta love the Nasty's Ladies, I tell them all the time too. Whenever I close out, I say, "BYE I LUFF YOU."  But there are other folks at Nasty's too......The owner, Jack, who is a nice guy and a stellar bartender in his own right. The bouncer "A" who once told a frat guy that was mad at me, "Don't mess with this guy, he has scabs older than you."  Which honestly, I was a little hurt by, but I appreciated the protective sentiment. The old regular, "J" who once in the space of an hour called me a sloppy dresser, elitist, racist, socialist, a republican and an asshole. He's a joy.  (I have it on good authority he was right on the last one there.)  There are the rugby players that come on Thursdays.  The Nasty's is a rugby bar. The Austin Huns show up there after practice and whenever else they want.  So if big sweaty guys in short shorts is your thing, Thursdays is your night.  On the balance they seem like good peoples, plus they have their own groupies. The second Wednesdays of every month they have stand up comedy. The guys are pretty good really.  Lately about once a month they have been having a Rockabilly night, with some excellent bands and a really fun crowd.  Who knew I loved Rockabilly? Mondays is hip hop night,  I really like the DJ's.  They will get that disco ball moving and get people to dance the night away.  I never stay too late Mondays though. Tuesdays, is $2.00 domestics. Wednesday's is cheap domestic pitcher night, and Thursdays is $1.75 millers.  They have drink specials too.  I had been popping into the Nasty's for awhile. But it was never really a destination for us until they closed the Showdown.  Nasty's stepped up and took us in.  Now when I walk into the Nasty's it feels like home. Which is about the biggest compliment I can give a neighborhood bar. Stop by say hi and have a Rickey!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,10/7/2009,146,505,11,11,13>If you took my grandmother's kitchen and added seating for 120, you would have Mandola's. I was taken to a special, reminiscent place when I entered Mandola's last night (Damn Threadgills and their 2 hour wait.). The aromas, the pace, the food, all spelled "Nanny's kitchen." I started with the Salad Nicoise, which was a good size with lots of fresh greens and a lovely accompaniment of good quality - not Chicken of the Sea - tuna. Dare I say, "better than Nanny's"? With a lovely bottle of red and a margarita pizza, we were livin large--Tony Soprano large. So, I am Italian, loved the restaurant, bought a bunch of stuff at the market, enjoyed a sfoyodell (sp?), but knocked down one star just because Italians from New York just do that sort of thing. (That and the pizza crust needed a little more firmness).
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/6/2009,485,555,14,14,16>I need to give a shout out to the dude at the taco counter.  9:55 on a Sunday night I stroll over, just curious about what they've got while my buddy's getting a smoothie.  The taco man's not worried that they close at 10 and he's maybe got something important lined up, maybe a girl he's been trying to put the moves on.  He told me it was 2 for $5 tacos, and let me know I wouldn't be disappointed, all the while relocating the stuff they were packing up and prepping his station for me.  He slapped a flour tortilla down and reached into my soul.  I had to give it a whirl.I was thinking, this is Whole Foods, so 2 for $5 tacos is going to be a light snack, just a little something to get stuck in my teeth.  I mean, for $3-$4 at Taco Deli, you get a single taco.  What can I get for $5 at Whole Paycheck?I'm going to tell you what you get: awesome ingredient selection, fresh veggies, and yummy other stuff.  When I started realizing how much he was piling into the tacos, I let him in on my strategy to save one for work the next day.  He was all over it, even told me what not to put in so the taco would keep.  Dang.        One veggie chorizo (& yummy other stuff) taco +   One tender, perfect pork (& yummy other stuff) taco       _____________________________________________      $5 for a delicious filling night snack and lunch the next dayI win.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,10/5/2009,51,328,9,15,12>The first thing I noticed in Chen's Noodle House was that the Chinese menu (painted on wooden slats) had 13 items on it and the English menu (written on a dry erase board) only had 12. Leave that thought until later. The place has a gimmick. That is the Noodles are freshly hand cut from a loaf of dough. Chen's expert hand flays the loaf and sends thick and variously sized noodles flying 3 feet in the air into a pot of boiling water. Most, but not all of the 12 (13?) items on the menu use these chewy, gummy, starchy noodles and they are the star of the restaurant. The dishes are large. The stir fry and a leek pie made a great meal for two for less than $11. Nice. And the food was fresh and tasty. There was evidence of fresh tomato and celery in the disk and it really felt like home cooking. As served, the food was a tad bland and I asked Chen if they made any spicy dishes. "We can make them all spicy" he says pointing to a collection of spices. "One level up" makes the stir fry a totally different dish". My right eyebrow says "fascinating". We ordered another noodle dish to go, the Noodles with Black Bean sauce. With a knowing smile I asked for it "one level up". When I got home, to my dismay, I noticed that these were not the hand cut noodles. They were thin and suspiciously uniform. But they were still very soft and fresh. Just not what I was hoping for. So, people...ASK! ASK! ASK! And...the verdict is: "two levels up" next time. The leek pie was a bunch of freshly chopped leeks, some glass noodles and I don't know what else wrapped, not fried into, in a thin fried pancake. This place is really simple, small and divey. Bevs come from a cold box in the dining area. The water bubbler barely trickles H2O. But the host is friendly. I encourage active participation to get the most out of this fine place. Which brings me to menu item 13. It is a side dish. I never got a straight answer as to why it isn't on the English menu but from the sounds of it, it's slightly exotic. Will #13 be your lucky number?Fresh noodles.Fresh taste.Dirt cheap."two levels up".
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2009,10/4/2009,184,302,19,16,15>My kind of place, especially on a hot night like last evening.  Unpretentious would be an understatement, this is like visiting someone's backyard, albeit with a bar, pool table, popcorn machine, etc.  Despite living in Texas for over 20 years now, I don't really understand the difference between an 'ice house' and a 'bar', but I did see something I've never witnessed before at C Hunts.  Ringed around the edge of the bar is a trough full of ice, for you to keep your beer bottle cold in.  What a concept!  Even though we sat outside under the vines with a bunch of cool Yelpers, I long for the day I go back to C Hunt's and jam my Lone Star bottle into the ice between pulls.I missed the slightly creepy owner and his aborted off-color joke, but the two bartendresses with whom I dealt were unfailingly nice and "janey on the spot" whenever I bellied up to the bar to order.At one point, while I was talking with Camron out on the large, shaded picnic table area, one of the bartendresses came up to me and apologetically told me "I'm sorry, sir, but you're going to have to get your fat white ass off that picnic table, we have a rule about people sitting on the tables."  (Actually, she could not have been nicer about my faux pas, I added the coarse language to add to my legacy as a rebel.  I capped my attempted 'badassness' by yapping with Dolomike and some Harley dude about motorcycles for 30 minutes, but I suspect the whole time they were thinking that this old geezer needs to go sit down.)The beers were cold and priced right, the place was perfect on a warm late Spring evening, and we loved the company of Yelpers, including some I hadn't seen in a while and some I'd never met in person before.  C Hunt's gets a big thumbs up from me, although I'll probably never ride my little Honda Rebel in there, for fear of subverting my bad ass reputation.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,10/3/2009,62,69,12,12,13>Sprouts is clean, open, well lit, comparatively inexpensive, diverse, well run, neat, full of good cheap wine, full of organic fruits and vegetables, busy, and populated by happy people. Sprouts isn't full of itself, laid out like a maze, expensive, dark, stocked with organic handmade soaps and bath towels, and the answer to all your organic and whole food shopping. You cant be all things to all people. Sprouts does a good job delivering a Trader Joes-like shopping atmosphere to a population used to the high priced and proud of themselves institutions like Central Market and Whole Foods. This type of store is a good all around natural grocer that adds to the local choices like Sun Harvest, Farmers Market, CM, and WF. I hear they have a good insurance plan as well.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,10/2/2009,136,153,12,9,11>I truly enjoyed the lazy susan 'o salsa - entertaining as it was tasty.The queso was a beautiful dream wrapped around a blowtorch.My chipotle and smoked chicken enchiladas were the inspiration for my best-selling novels, "Chipotle and me - a love story." and "How Chipotle got its groove back." The margaritas had the knockout punch of a professional boxer with anger management issues....so why in the name of all that is good and holy do you feel the need to put all that goofy shit all over the place? Who the hell buys a badly painted mug shaped like a woman wearing a  thong? (ass only) Do you get alot of truckers in there or something? And how long has some of that stuff been there...? What, no one wanted the velvet picture of an aztec warrior smoking a joint with a rastafarian?! The HELL you say! It may be time to tip it all into the bin, if you know what I'm sayin'. You do have a dumpster, right?The food stands on its own...why you gotta make it all weird.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,10/1/2009,141,179,12,19,17>This will sound dirty but it's actually the opposite: LOCAL MEAT.Somnio's is a supporter of local farmers--including meat: poultry, pork and egg farmers. I came for the first time earlier this month. Came back two more times, dazzled.It's a simple place: pretty decor, a bar area, fresh flowers, a pretty blue ceiling. Nice sunlight. Friendly service.But what THRILLS me is the big list of local farms it serves-- NOT lip-serves--serves!For example, the chicken salad sandwich features chicken from Dewberry Farms -- for a chicken salad sandwich! This is quite exceptional-- these birds are raised on grass, a part of a hand-crafted class of agriculture. Like the Richardson pork that they feature. Their menu prices are completely amazing considering the quality of the products and ingredients they serve. Seriously. I buy all my meat grass raised, all my produce local and/or organic; it is really expensive-- and a value I won't compromise. When I see a business following the same model, I just can't help but marvel at the integrity. They could charge more. They could feature factory farmed meat like every other restaurant. But they don't. I can eat pork--in a restaurant! The orange/beer marinade in the pork taco is lovely. Choices include Milagra corn tortilla or CM flour. The crusted tenderloin was a bit on the too-fried side for me (the fried udon noodles tipped it, even though the presentation and texture were interesting and avant-garde). My family enjoyed the mushroom dumplings (including a picky 5 year old) and the salads are as I would make in my kitchen--IF I weren't so lazy--I enjoyed the Sissy and the one with apples/pecans. One night was a bit oppressive in the oppressive everlasting drought of 2009--we took the last seat--the table by the kitchen window. It was clear on that night that the place was having some cooling issues. We noticed it also a bit at brunch one Sunday (also during record heat). They said, when asked, that they were addressing the AC with the landlord (and gosh I feel really bad for the cook-staff: hope it cools off in there soon!!!!!).Speaking of brunch last Sunday--LOVE the brunch! I can enjoy migas made with eggs from hens that have scratched and run around on grass: content chickens give rich-yolked nutrition-dense eggs. The sausage patty was moist and flavorful (and also local--yay truly "good" meat!). The kids liked the buckwheat pancakes and I liked that they were served organic orange juice. Please note that Somnio's might not be compatible with all kids--it's small and uninteresting to the younger set. Turns out that mine have high tolerance for boredom. Because we drag them to alot of poetry readings. Bring your own Prosecco, your wine, your beer, your whiskey*--they can set you up if you mix your stuff.. No corkage.*These are real life examples of what has been responsibly enjoyed with meals at Somnio's. Your experiences will vary.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,9/30/2009,724,628,19,24,26>Today was one of my co-workers' birthdays, and we ordered a couple of cheesecakes from Lux to celebrate.  Now, I'm not normally a fan of cheesecake; it's just usually too heavy, and makes my stomach feel like a couple of bricks of cream cheese are languishing in there afterwards.  Not sayin' I don't eat it, mind you; just sayin' that it isn't usually my favorite.  So I didn't protest when the birthday girl cut me a pretty slim slice of the blueberry cheesecake.I joined everyone at the conference table with my slice...my fork moved to the cheesecake...speared a small bite...then went into slow-mo mode as it made its way ever...so...deliberately into my mouth...slowing even further as it neared my tongue...and as it made contact,......the clouds parted, the heavens opened up, and angels began singing in a joyful chorus!  Perfect texture - so light!  So creamy!  Perfect flavor - not too sweet, with a hint of luscious blueberry!  And the proportion of crunchy graham crackery crust to fluffy blueberryish cheesy cloudness was just right.  It was so amazing that it caused me to make tacky references to angels and grossly overuse exclamation points in the review I wrote about it later that day.And now I read the reviews of this place and see that they have a banh mi-like sandwich, and that they are right. by. my. office.You have to dig a little more for the amazingly awesome eats in southwest Austin, but they're there.Lux, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.---------EDIT, 9/11/09:So, my entire office was so enthusiastic about this place after That Cheesecake that we ordered lunch from here the very next day.  Alas, my sandwich was not the mind-altering experience that the cheesecake was.  I got the Asian pork sandwich (duh), and while it was good, it just wasn't as tasty as other banh mi I've had in the past; the sauce on the pork was much too sweet, and the sandwich seemed small considering the price ($7.99 for a banh mi/bubble tea combo...not bad under normal circumstances, but I'm used to paying $3 for GIGANTIC, maximumly delicious banh mi at Thanh Nhi).  The bubble tea also didn't quite stack up to the bubble teas of Christmases past.  I got a coconut milk bubble tea, and it was too icy, too frothy, and not coconutty enough.  I'm still absolutely delighted that this place is near my office, and am excited to try some of their other offerings (more cheesecake, plz), but I can't quite bring myself to give it that fifth star.P.S.  5% discount for paying with cash!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,9/29/2009,152,351,10,8,6>I have done about 250 reviews and given out only 20 or so 5 star reviews.. Tiff's gets one.. I don't even like sweets much at all, but my GOD I can't stop eating the cookies at Tiff's. Sometimes my co-workers bring them into the office and I am pathetic.. I will eat 6 or 7 cookies, constantly sneaking back to the box when no one is looking to grab more.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,9/27/2009,522,1205,10,15,14>This place is my new favorite Mexican food restaurant and they happen to be butt sniffer er dog friendly! The interior decor is beautiful and the mural in the main dining room is worthy of a museum on it's own. Love Love the kitschy interior decor but since I had my Pup with me we had to sit outside and thankfully the weather was as perfect as it could get. A friend called me for some after work cocktails and appetizers while I was at Auditorium Shores and this place happened to be within walking distance and dog friendly so it was the perfect choice! When we arrived with my Pup they let us know that she was not allowed on the 2nd floor bar area - no problem... We started with a pitcher of Sangria with real bits of strawberries and kiwi and orange - Yum! And the appetizers practically blew us out of our seats happy and I am not referring to high powered farts! The food was just amazing. We had the (forgive any typos as I do not spell Mexican dishes correctly) Hongos Y Huitla something or other (crisp corn tortillas topped with wild mushrooms, cheese and truffle oil) with amazing earthy rich flavors. The Ceviche was out of this world fresh and creative with grilled grapefruit and lots of cilantro. The Mexican style "street corn" was also fantastic rolled in ancho chile powder and cheese. We filled up on appetizers; so, I can not wait to return to try their entrees.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,9/25/2009,188,425,11,11,14>It happened.  I got stuck on 299.  Then it got worse...I needed a special place to get me over that hump.  Just one special, magical experience, that's all I needed.  And it happened Saturday night, when I wasn't even expecting it.  Buenos Aires has been tempting me for a few months.  I would read the stellar reviews and think, "One day, I'll stop by.  It's so close, I need to see what the fuss is about."  Let me tell you....the fuss is worth it.  I was a bit taken aback at the size of the dining room.  Yes, it needs to be mentioned that the main dining area is a single room.  Cozy is a pretty descriptive word, but the space almost titters on the brink of uncomfortable.  The air conditioning was slightly failing, but by now most Austinites should be used to this heat funk.  Those are really the only complaints I can address.  Back to the food....wow.  Our entire meal was outstanding.  We choose a few empanadas - carne picante and verdura.  Both flavors were excellent, very crisp and filled with flavor.  Our server, I believe we had 2 of them, mentioned the dinner special and almost had me hooked.  I glanced at the menu and the gnocchi kept calling to me.  I went with my gut and was pleasantly surprised.  Hands down, best gnocchi I've had, even better than most upscale Italian locations.  The texture and flavors were so defined and delicious.  Not to mention the perfect amount of food.  The darling husband had the pork tenderloins.  My free bite was great, almost giving me plate envy.  We ended the night with dessert, as mentioned in other reviews, a definite can't pass-up.  Our server recommended the quatro leches or the dark and spicy chocolate creme brulee.  Both looked equally fantastic - so we chose the leches.  Our server walked it over, sat it on our table and said "Holy shit!" and walked off.  That was the best moment of the night.  I was totally pumped for this cake.  Needless to say, it was orgasmic.  Yep, no lie.  The meal ended with our check under $60 - which included 3 glasses of wine, 2 empanadas, 2 entrees and a dessert.  Wow.  WOW.So thank you Buenos Aires for breaking my review slump.  I send kisses and accolades your way.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,9/24/2009,50,415,3,15,12>We stopped in at this new restaurant on Saturday (one day after officially opening) to give it a try. It's set up a lot like Mighty Fine... except it's just chicken. Chicken sandwich, tenders, or salad... fried or grilled. A fast food type place that has fresh grilled chicken is exactly what I've been looking for. It seems like I'm always looking for somewhere that's fast, cheap and healthy... and no such place exists up north... until now.  They have excellent sides and a really nice sauce they use on the chicken sandwich's. When we were there the owner (mike) was walking around, asking how everyone liked their meal, and handing out brownies... it was nice to have a personal touch to a fast food type dining experience. I really hope Bob and Mike's Chicken makes it... they are definitely a place I could see myself going to on a semi-regular basis.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,9/23/2009,4221,482,7,19,12>I can't believe that I've lived in Austin for nearly 8yrs and have missed this awesome late night BBQ spot.  Forget taking my out-of-town friends to Rudy's or Salt Lick for a BBQ experience, I'm taking them to Sam's from now on!  Sam's is one of those places that's authentic, old fashioned, real hardcore bbq.  You can tell there's a lot of love that goes into his bbq.  Their meats are tender, smoky, and full of flavor.  The brisket was to die for, the ribs were really good, and the sausage was tasty.  But that's not all - - while we were waiting for our order, Sam pulled out his prized meat and gave us a sample - - LAMB RIBS!  It literally melted in my mouth and was by far the best lamb I've ever had!  If only my Cypriot and Greek friends could experience this w/ me, I mean where else can you go in Austin and have some smoky lamb ribs?      You know what else is great?  Sam's is open until 1am during the weekdays and 3am on the weekends, so you can satisfy your bbq craving after 10pm as opposed to waiting until the next day.  It's a small, quaint place w/ a lot of history, character, and friendly hospitality.  It's common to see many local family and friends there just hanging out.  Sam also mentioned how they survived a fire in 1983 that completely wiped them out.  Their prices are very reasonable:  $8.50 a plate for 2 meats + potato salad and pork n' beans (nice smoky flavor) and a few slices of bread.  We were full since we basically had 3 meats since Sam gave us some samples of what he had in his smoker.  We also had some of his sweet tea to wash it all down - which was actually refreshing.  I'm typically not a fan of sweet drinks; however, I found his tea very tasty since it wasn't too sweet.  You can get meat by the pound (chicken, ribs, sausage, brisket, and more) and there's a few dessert choices (banana pudding only $2).  Sam also mentioned he offers a catering service for a reasonable price of $10 per plate (which also includes a drink), but my God you just gotta try his lamb ribs and brisket!  His BBQ sauce runs on the thin side (compared to Salt Lick or Rudy's) but has a very robust and has a nice smoky flavor to it.    It was one of those unique experiences - almost like we found a hidden treasure on a late week night.  I soon realized why Sam's BBQ has been surviving in Austin for over 30 years - - awesome hometown BBQ w/ the fixings, friendly service, and great conversation.  What more could you ask for?  How about some extra napkins?
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,9/22/2009,58,529,6,12,7>My husband and I stopped in here on a whim one afternoon for lunch.  The only thing I knew about the place was that they had a buffet, and I was starving.  That was good enough for me.When I first walked in, I thought, "This place is nice."  The tables were set with cloth napkins and pretty tablecloths.  I suddenly became self-conscious about my casual attire.  However, this is Austin and people can dress most any way they want.Their buffet cost $10.99, and it was worth every penny.  I tried most every dish, and I was rarely disappointed.  Actually, the only thing I was disappointed about was that I couldn't eat more!The service was attentive, as well.  The buffet plates were cleaned right away, and my water glass was always full.  The owner even made the rounds to each table to ensure that everyone was happy.  Everyone was.I feel so lucky to have found this place.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,9/21/2009,198,276,7,7,10>Hysterically funny....seriously....the magician was phenomenal....I couldn't even clap because I was so in awe....the whole show was just wonderful....my boyfriend who was not at all excited about being dragged to the 10pm show when he had to be up early the next morning even enjoyed it. It was great....good place to take friends/family......a date....there were two 13 yr olds sitting next to us....i'm pretty sure their moms had some "esplainin' to do" after the show....
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,9/20/2009,739,709,24,21,20>A coupla years ago at the age of 30mumble, I decided to hire a trainer, get in shape and start eating right. So I cut out pretty much all white rice and taters and white bread and all fried foods (cept the occasional french fry). But not my booze tho! Girls gotta have some vices! Anyhoo, upon hearing that Threadgills was GIVING AWAY fried dinners this week, I felt compelled, nay, even forced to eat some greasy goodness. I simply had no choice. The Bff and I ate here yesterday for an *early* dinner to beat the multitudes of deadbeats, like myself, lookin for a free meal. We both got the chicken fried chicken and I ordered the butta beans and squash casserole as sides. First of all, let me just note that the waitstaff was super sweet and enthusiastic! I understand (and we actually witnessed this while here) that people equate a free meal with no money at all, including no tips and that is just WRONG! I can imagine that facing down a week of this behavior would make any server grumpy. But everyone we talked to was friendly and accommodating. And we tipped big, btw. Now on to the food. Even tho I ordered the squash casserole, I ended up with a spinach dish (creamed spinach maybe?). I didn't know or care cause, hey, it's free right and I likes spinach too. What a delightful mistake! THat spinach was so good I'd fight Popeye for it! The beans were fresh and tasty altho they needed salt. I'm just a salty girl tho. And the fried chicken was crispy outside and soo juicy in. I even pointed it out to Bff that when I pressed down with my fork, juice just oozed out. That's the sign of a good breast, right? And gravy on it too?? Pure heaven. So thanks to Threadgills for "breaking my fast" in such a perfect way (did I mention fresh rolls and cornbread???). It may be another few years before I eat like that again. Or, maybe I'll go back again tonight! Hmmm..
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,9/19/2009,344,274,9,16,17>I was the only white guy there...Ok... that's not ENTIRELY true.  I probably saw 100 people come and go and there were a couple of others who MIGHT have been Caucasian.  So that's a good sign, right?First of all, don't be scared if it looks crowded.  People were double-parked everywhere.  So much so that the folks I was meeting for lunch bailed and I ended-up eating alone at the little window-side ledge.But yeah, the line was like 6 deep and people were standing everywhere waiting for food... tables all filled.  (Note:  This place is in the parking lot of a large strip-mall church... so 12 noon on a Sunday was NOT the best time to go)  I was intent on eating so I got in line and had ordered within 2 minutes.  Lots of order-taker people.  Even found one that spoke English (sadly I don't even speak kitchen Spanish).Within a minute I was drinking water and eating fresh salsa.  They only bring a few chips but gladly brought more when asked.  The salsa is a roasted red.  Tasty and somewhat addicting.  They also have a great salsa bar with a avocado-based green, a tomatillo green, and some other kind of nuclear green slaw-like stuff that was pretty hot.  In addition, there was that bright red sauce with seeds in it that I've seen at other interior Mexican restaurants and a variety of picked cucumbers, onions, pico de gallo, radishes (wtf?), limes, etc.  My three tacos came out within about 5 minutes and were all really good... had a goat, a beef, and an al pastor.  Nothing tasted amazing... but the whole bill was $5 and I was stuffed.So I had a great experience and I'll be going back.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,9/18/2009,55,80,7,7,9>I invented a new flavor - Mojito.  Mix spearmint and margarita.  Yum!The owners are sweethearts and loved telling us about how they started serving pickle popcicles and learned how to make cherry flavored pickles from the food network.  She also let me try lots of flavors and told me what all of her unique combo flavors were made of.  The best was when I asked about Poison and the answer was "Everything".  She said it is different all the time because she just empties the last of all her bottles in there(except cinnamon and spearmint).  While his wife went on and on about the flavors her husband stood in the background grinding ice and making funny faces about what she was saying.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,9/17/2009,462,751,19,26,19>After work, the only thing most people do most is sleep. So when your sleep sucks, your life sucks. It's a fact.My sleep has sucked for SIX YEARS. That's a lot of suck. I wake up with a headache and a sore throat. I am tired all day and caffeine is the only thing keeping me awake during the day. I'm up for a nap - any time, any place. For SIX YEARS.I finally talked to my doctor about it and she sent me over to Lonestar Sleep Diagnostics for a Sleep Test. Which is weird. It's like, "Sleep, ur doin it wrong!" First of all, they do all the legwork with the insurance. They send you the pre-test paperwork. It's all very efficient. You show up in your pj's and a very nice person settles you into your "bedroom" and explains how it all works. Then she or he sits you down and starts like sticking things all over you. It took 30-40 minutes and by the time I was done, I had twenty-two wires coming off me. I had to pee, which is hilarious with wires all coming out of your pants and straps across your chest and I couldn't help but walk towards the mirror in the restroom making moaning zombie noises...what? don't look at me like that.Anyways, then you lay down with an additional three wires (one up your nose, one glowing on your finger) and you are instructed to sleep. This actually wasn't too hard for me. I do toss and turn a lot and ended up ripping off the chest monitor a couple times.They woke me up around one in the morning and placed some sort of scuba-looking deal on my face. It took me about an hour to get to sleep but once I did....I am seriously getting a little verklempt...I slept like I can't remember ever sleeping. I woke up without a pounding headache for the first time in SIX YEARS. I had so much energy that the following night, I was awake until 2:00 A.M. Sleep is the new crack!Anyways...I can't remember my attendant/doctor/technician's name, but she was awesome. She was kind and calming through the whole thing. She made it, if not a pleasure, at least not torture, to have fifty-two electrodes and a scuba mask strapped to me. I'd definitely recommend this place for the sleep challenged like myself.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2008,9/16/2009,562,618,10,9,11>Ok so lets just say one empanada turned into two which turned into three.. WE COULD NOT WALK AWAY. The Spinach Mushroom had just the right amount of ingredients plus it had pine nuts..  The Green Chile Chicken was delectable with the right amount of spiciness. These little pockets o' love pair with the lemon garlic aioli perfectly like ricky williams and marijuana. I was totally sober when trying this place out too.. i wonder how out of this fuckin world it'll taste when i'm buzzin hard from a night of inebriation.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,9/15/2009,474,618,14,15,17>I don't even know where to begin on how much fun I had with the ladies at Happy Hour at Trio tonight. First off, excellent Four Seasons valet service that was comped by Trio. (and they didn't even judge me or blink an eye at the half empty Slurpee in my cup holder. So embarrassing!).Next up, the hostesses were waiting for my group and knew my name when I arrived (because of the Yelp event listing) and had tables reserved with a gift bag for each guest of our little party. Almost every manager/hostess/waitress came by our table to introduce themselves and see if we needed anything, but not in a annoying or an intrusive way. They all seemed genuinely interested that we were all having a good time and made sure we knew all that they had to offer, including a tour of the spa and kitchen! And you know a restaurant that is willing to give you a spontaneous tour of the kitchen has nothing to hide!But let's get to the point. Happy Hour. An extensive wine list that offers half price glasses from 5-8 pm. I sampled a Pinot Noir, Zinfandel and a sparkling Rose. For appetizers, we sampled mussels, cheese plate, pork belly, lamb sliders, beef sashimi and more. All of which were to die for and only around $7 each during Happy Hour. Which could be the bargain of the century! Overall, we all might have been most impressed with the French Fries. Wowza!Towards the end of evening the manager offered us a tour of the pool area when I simply asked where the pool was located. Turns out it overlooks Town Lake and they provide Evian water to spray your face and frozen grapes to snack on when you are a guest lounging by the pool. As we walked along our tour the manager pointed out the chiminaya and how they light it up on the weekends to make s'mores, there was a collective gasp. The sweet manager, Paul, must be a pushover for the ladies because he came to our table with buckets of marshmallows, chocolates and graham crackers, then threw some wood on the fire so we could cook some s'mores out on the lawn. This was the most fun I had with a group of ladies since my bachelorette party. Trio made us feel like queens and none of us wanted to leave. Ever. Can we all go in a Four Seasons residence together?
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,9/14/2009,246,167,18,15,15>So, here's a list of things that DIDN'T happen at Tamale House in all the times I have been there.I DIDN'T order anything but breakfast tacos, as I could probably eat breakfast tacos for every single meal.I DIDN'T pull up and think, "Man, this place looks Classy!  I hope I brought enough money to tip the Maitre 'D!"I DIDN'T have to wait very long at all for some tasty sausage egg and cheese breakfast tacos.I DIDN'T taste the home made salsa and think, "Yawn, these are boring."  The HOT salsa can only amount to the oral version of the chemical burn Jack gets from Tyler in Fight Club.I DIDN'T use my debit card here, as they only take cash.  They run this joint like Rusty runs his life.  "When you're dealing in cash, you don't need a fence."  "Some people lack vision." "Probably everybody in Cell Block E."But not the dudes at the Tamale House, no sir.The guy who owns and runs the place, who looks a little like a short, Cuban Rod Steiger in a guybera, DIDN'T say to me, "Hey! Jefe! Good to see you neighbor! I'm so glad that you came by my shop, since you and I live right across the street from each other!  Let me get you some free grub amigo, it's wonderful that you are here!"  I do live across the street from that dude, you'd think he would know that.  I am Yelp Elite, after all ;)I DIDN'T pay an arm and a leg for great chow.  They have $.85 breakfast tacos.  REALLY?  I can get 4 tacos for the price of a gallon of gas?  Between the eggs and the super hot salsa, I may just convert my house to run on methane like BarterTown from "Thunderdome" and be done with energy bills all together.  "Who runs BarterTown?!?!"I DIDN'T just give y'all too much information whilst making great pop culture movie references.  Actually, I DID do one of those things, can you figure out which one?
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,9/12/2009,124,118,13,15,21>Want to pretend you are the only human left on Planet Earth? There are several trails less travelled all over the Greenbelt that can get you there, I promise. Had it not been for my very excited dog, I might just still be down there right now sitting perfectly still and possibly floating. However, there would not be any meditation for me on this day for my dog, Sissy, you see, was bred to endure days of cattle rustlin' in the Australian Outback and, therefore, felt quite at home scaling the Gaines Greenbelt that meanders kinda south then north and east to Barton Creek Greenbelt. She was out to show me how a blue heeler finds innerpeace, and boy did she.The trees were so thick I couldn't find the sun to use as a navigation tool and instead let Sissy lead the way. And she was not in the mood to stop and let me hear the silence. Three hours later, we were finally walking along the dry creek bed and found the entrance at 360...which lies to the south of the creek and far south of my apartment complex. (Sissy's inner-compass apparently could use some tuning) While we were forced to walk up Mopac to get back home, it was completely worth it to see my pup lay like a dead log on the cool floor for several hours, exhausted and perfectly still. With Summertime rearing her ugly head, inside this ancient forest is where I think you may find me more and more as I get itchy for shade trees, cool earth and some peace and quiet.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,9/11/2009,52,293,4,10,7>The Good:  :: location. it's great for people who work or live downtown  :: the happy hour. it goes i think from 5:30 til 7 and it is really amazingly well-priced. you get a dollar off drinks i think? and also 2 for 1 nigiri or sashimi.   :: the sea bass skewers. it's like eating butter. amazing, tender, and flavorful.  :: the escolar nigiri. YUM. definitely one of their fortes  :: the drinks. they are really varied and tasty. go for the imperia pearl or the lychee martini  :: the happy hour/bar area. i love sitting in the descended seats. you get private booths and can talk and hear each other  :: salmon sashimi  :: their duck  :: really neat interior decor  :: miso is good and you get a huge amount of it. they put in white onions, though, so purists may freak outThe Bad:  :: regular menu prices are definitely pricey  :: the sashimi is hit or miss, like the tuna  :: can get pretty loud in there  :: drinks are a bit priceyThe Ugly:  :: none.Would I go back?  Definitely.  The happy hour deals are THE reason to go.  The awesome drinks are THE reason to stay.This place is IN.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,9/8/2009,392,147,42,20,22>[This review is to be read in the accent of a rustic, 19th century coal miner]When I was a boy, pappy brought us to the local pizza cave every Boonsday.It was 1890, and things were different back then!  Pizza came from limestone caves, and there were ten days in a week: Boonsday, Runesday, Moonsday, and seven more I can't remember!The more things change, the more they stay the same.  That's what my pappy always said.  Well he was fuller o' shit than a shitsack on Moonsday!  The more things change, the more they're not the same as how they were.  That's what that coddering old raccoon shoulda said!Yup, times were a changin', and things were gettin' different, scary even!  We whipped them Spaniards in the Spanish American War, women folk got the vote, and then all of a sudden folks ate pizza in parlours.  Then in parlors.  These days, any sap worth a bucket of gingham can buy a pizza in a fancy restaurant!  Well by god, where I'm from, we got a sayin'.  Don't count your gophers 'till the waters outta the pipes!  Don't ask me what that means, cause I ain't got a goddamn clue!Point is, House Pizzeria is one of those doggoned fancy places!  Well I don't know nothing 'bout no fancy ingredients like arugula and pepperoni, but I'll be an albino jackass if I don't know quality when I see it!  And this is the genu-ine article!  I'd bet my uncle Thorneycroft's farm that this here pizza beats 8 out of every 10 joints West of the Mississippi.Only thing strange 'bout this place is payin' at the counter before you get your food and spirits.  Who in the tarnation came up with that horseshit?  How's an honest waiter supposed to get a fair tip that way?But dagnabit, I'm an honest man, so I made damn sure to leave a whole bunch of them gold coins on the table.  You know, the fancy kind with chocolate inside!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,9/7/2009,57,76,13,12,15>Um, wow.  Where do I begin?First of all, it's not just a bar, it's a compound.  Seriously.  The owner, Wally Sr. lives in a trailer on the property.  His son, Wally Jr. lives in an apartment ATTACHED to the bar.  The sliding glass doors just off the dance floor lead to Wally's place.  Classy, no?  If that isn't hardcore, I don't know what is.  The beer is cheap, the menu 100% fried, and the patrons are the real deal.  This is full on South Austin, folks.  This 'ain't no hipster bar.  The trucker hats are not meant to be ironic.  The people wearing them really are truckers.  The average age in the bar is about 50, and there are some hard drinkers here.  There are some cool old folks here, but also some scary, scary individuals.  It's a great spot for people watching, and I enjoyed every minute I spent here.  There were so many priceless things in this place.  I like that you get a coozie for your beer.  I like it even more that they have a sign on the door that reminds you to leave your coozie.  The chalkboard sign behind the bar was cute.  It said that "Wally" was our bartender on duty.  I thought it was even funnier when I found out that "Wally" is always the bartender on duty, because it's Wally Sr. during the day, and Wally Jr. at night.  They never change the sign.  Priceless.This place is a bit of a drive, and kinda hidden.  Definitely not the place to end your night, but a pretty sweet place to get a beer from Wally (Sr. or Jr.), take in the scene, and begin a fun, fun evening.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,9/6/2009,57,36,10,15,11>I can only speak for the breakfast tacos and the ghetto-fab drive thru here, both of which are stellar. I was prepped by my friend, who reiterated that even though the place looks shabby, it has the best breakfast taco deal around. Three tacos for $1.99 is totally worth enduring confusing signage and broken technology.Be sure to experience the drive thru at least once. You drive up to the ordering board, only to discover a handwritten sign that says to pull around to the window because the speaker is broken. The first time I went, I decided I'd peruse the board first, then drive around with my order at the ready. As I read the somewhat unorganized offerings, a voice blew out of the broken speaker telling me to pull around. Totally jarring. And confusing. When you pull around, there's usually the friendliest lady waiting for you. There's another ordering board there, but keep in mind that you drive past it to place your order, so be prepared to know what you want before you get to the window. That, or be prepared to back up a bit. Also noteworthy: You have to get the same ingredients for all three tacos to take advantage of the $1.99 three-taco deal. No mixing and matching. So far, I've gotten chorizo and egg; potato, egg and cheese; and bacon and egg. All have been taste explosions, especially when they're doused in the salsa provided. I discovered this place three weeks ago, and I've gone three times already. I'm sure they're on my morning radar next week, too.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2008,9/5/2009,315,239,5,18,9>Alterations to Go will do a fine job hemming your jeans for the super low price of $8. That's no typo. Eight bucks. Says so right on the giant window cling at the front of the store, which faces a Dollar General and Big Lots in the faded strip center that time forgot - same dingy block where Asia Market and Ann's Kitchen Cakes are located.I had snagged an awesome pair of fancy Penguin brand jeans at Ross, original MSRP $128, Ross bargain price $19.99. Yay for bargains! The fit was fantastic, but as with most designer jeans on my 62 inch frame, the length was about 10 inches too long. If only clothing makers would realize that most human females are not built like the specimens on America's Next Top Model....It took Alterations to Go only 2 days to complete my job, and that was on a holiday week. I asked that the original "designer" hem be replicated and was promised that it would be, but when I went to pickup the pants, a wrong colored thread had been used. I pointed this out to the tailor/manager (who was not the same person I spoke to when dropping off); he apologized and offered to replace the thread with one that was close to the original, as they did not have that exact color in jean-strength thread. The jeans were ready within 24 hours and the hem looked great. Even though I had to wait an additional day, I will use ATG again & recommend them to petite friends for hem work. The customer service response to my problem was excellent and the $8 price can't be beat. Just know that you have to be sure to check the work when you pickup, and don't be afraid to ask for a do over if you don't like the work the first time around.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,9/4/2009,19,109,13,14,9>I can't believe I'm sharing this, but here goes: Wisdom Nugget #1: Come here on an "off night" and ask the chefs to make something up off the menu. I asked for as many sea animals as possible and the dish was one magnificent concoction of meatly joy. Wisdom Nugget #2: Order some of their fan-friggin-tastic fresh-made bread to go at 5:30 pm (it has basil and pesto laced in it). This makes for a great gift for a dinner potluck party or for your own gluttonous reasons. I won't judge you. I would do the same. One loaf for the party and one for self. Wisdom Nugget #3: Sure, it's byob, but save yourself the heartache and order their wine instead. The corkage fee is $10 and does not really save you any money. Plus, their wine is good. Wisdom Nugget #4: Come on a Friday or Saturday and enjoy live romantic Italian music. They take requests and love playing Freebird. Sure they do, just ask... :)
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,9/3/2009,81,207,10,10,16>I can't say enough good things about T3. Where do I even begin? T3 is basically a triathlon training group, but it is so much more than that. They are hard core about getting you to a level you never knew existed, yet fun loving and very team spirited at the same time. The coaches are awesome and I feel like I have gained so much from training with them. If you are just a beginner at triathlons or an experienced triathlete, this is a group that embraces people of all levels and goals. There are people of all ages and ranges that train for the sprint, olympic, half ironman, and ironman distances.I started back in April of 2008, with their swim clinic. Yea, I could swim..maybe doggie paddle swim a couple 50 meters or so, but I REALLY didn't know HOW to swim. They taught me how to do it efficiently, with proper technique. 1 year ago I couldn't swim one length of Barton Springs without freaking out or hyperventilating. Swimming was the only thing keeping me from competing in a triathlon...but here I am now training for a half ironman. Yes I knew how to run..yes I had a bike, but really I didn't know how to put all the pieces together.  With them, you have coaches to help you, teammates to push you along the way and give you advice, and practices that will kick your ass.Another great thing about the group is that they have a very flexible training schedule that can work for anyone and everyone. They have swim practices everyday (morning, lunchtime, and night), they have spin class 3 times a week at different times, they have track and run practice 3 times a week as well. On weekends there are group long rides and runs.You don't have to be a triathlete to join, many people train in all 3 sports, 2 sports or even just 1 pf the sports. The skies the limit with flexibility.If you are looking for a triathlon group to train with, this is IT.I don't mean to sound like this is some marketing ploy, because it's not. This is the real deal, and I am willing to put the smack down on anyone that chooses to challenge this review, because T3 is absolutely, positively THE shit.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,9/2/2009,238,365,9,20,14>Massages have always puzzled me. They are intimate and personal experiences that we most often share with a stranger. I can envision my naked body, strewn on a massage table, partially covered by a sheet, being kneaded by unfamiliar hands.  Who ARE you, I want to ask. But I don't, because I don't want to know. In fact, I find comfort in not knowing. Until recently, I was satisfied with keeping my massage sessions as succinct and anonymous as possible. MT: Where does it hurt? ME: Here. Here. Here. MT: Okay, get undressed and lay face down. I'll be back in a few minutes. Bam. And done. I've gone through so many massage therapists, hoping that one day, I'd find the one that would take away all the aches and pains in my body. They have all ranged from OK to pretty good, but the pains always came back. Recently, I made a very pivotal realization: my aches and pains will never go away if I don't have a relationship with my therapist. A good therapist knows your body; they know how different parts of your body are interconnected. They know you by touch and by sight.I can't recount the number of times I've had therapists simply ask me where my body ached and focused singularly on that area. I've never had a massage where I could feel the impact immediately - until recently. Geneva Sampson has really changed how I feel about massage therapy: she is perceptive, professional, and knowledgeable about her craft. She provides Pfrimmer therapy, which is a cross-fiber treatment that corrects and prevents muscle problems at the cellular level. In short, she provides a long-term solution. GS: Your chiropractor may have already told you this, but your hips are [out of sync].ME[THINKS]: HUH! I was unaware...GS: And your spine is really twisted.ME[THINKS]: I saw him the other day. We talked about... cruises! GS: Maybe this is something me and your chiropractor can work on together.ME[THINKS]: Maybe I should get a new chiropractor... I kid. *insert squiggly mouth emoticon*GS: Here are some exercises that you can do. [Insert demonstration]She explained how oftentimes we misunderstand our pains: the source of the pain may originate from an area other than where the pain is manifesting. During our actual massage session, I could feel the different areas of my body reacting to one another. It was an eye-opening experience on many levels.And eye-closing as well: it was the most restful night of sleep I've had in a long time.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,9/1/2009,392,291,23,8,11>I sent a tweet last night that said "Lots of quality chicks @ quality seafood."I was in Heaven. I had a shrimp taco in one hand and a mahi mahi taco in the other. I was surrounded by Suicide Girl MILFs and twenty-somethings on the edge of being hipsters, but in a place where I wouldn't expect hipsters to congregate. I probably looked like the Exorcist as my head did 360s every couple of minutes.I will definitely become a regular here, especially for the $2 tacos on Tuesday. Only 4 stars because the line was long-ass. So don't go there when I'm going to be there unless you're hot.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,8/30/2009,704,840,28,20,15>When a girl falls for a pair of shoes crazy things can happen.  This was love for me. Mad passionate love.  But it was unrequited love.  My shoes did not even like me. These bad boys pinched my toes when I wore them.  They sat in my closet with an arrogant gaze. When I reached for them they looked at me with disdain.  They were bad down to their very soles.What's a girl to do but take them for some counseling and body work at Austin Shoe Hospital.Me:  Hi.  I've got a pair of problem shoes for you.Counter Guy:  Okay.  What's the problem?Me:  They are toe pinchers.Counter Guy:  Are they too small?Me:  I think they might be.  I thought they were a perfect fit but...Counter Guy:  We can probably stretch them.Me:  Would that help?Counter Guy:  Sure.  Uh...what is this greasy stuff on the leather?Me:  Oh.  Well...I kept putting lotion on them to try to soften them up.Counter Guy:  I don't think it helped.  Me:  Yeah...I think you're right.Counter Guy:  Okay.  You can pick them up in about 5 days.  We'll give them a really good stretching.Me:  Okay.  Great!After 5 days I must say my shoes are a little looser in the toe box.  Austin Shoe Hospital did exactly what they said they would do.  But they still hurt.  I think these shoes were just born to be bad boys. They are too cute to leave at home so I'm going to wear them occasionally.  Everyone knows bad boys need love too.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,8/29/2009,315,273,24,15,18>I'm not going to sugar-coat this, I was POA (Plastered on Arrival).I received a bottle of wine from Georgia at Ann Kelso for my bday and made great strides at polishing it off by the time we got here. Memories of Olivia's are fuzzy and awesome and most of these quotes were either said, thought, or never happened at all.Me on Parking:  "Oh my god will you find any, Jess?!?"Jess:  "Ummm, yeah.  There are several spots back here"Me on the Ceiling:  "OH MY GOD, LOOK AT THE CEILING I WANT FLOORS LIKE THAT"Me on the waitress:  "I like her.  I'd like to be friends with our waitress"Everyone on Holly's awesome purse holder:  "You're the coolest woman EVER"Cheese Plate - Delectable, I think this shut me up for awhile.  Plus the wine we were drinking.Food sooooooooo good.  I had the bone in pork chop, I'm certain that made me giggle because I'm sober now and giggling.  It tasted amazing.  I sampled what each of the ladies were eating, but I only remember The Cheeks.  Those were good.Women in the bathroom on my shoes:  "Those shoes are incredible and you really should feel like a major success in your life because you had the sense to wear those here tonight."Me on the shoes:  "I have a Michael Kors addiction"Me on going to a second location: "OH MY GOD!!! I WOULD LOVE TO GO THE HORSESHOE LOUNGE.  I MEAN IT'S RIGHT THERE!!!!!!!!!!!" All this awesome was courtesy of Debbie, Jess, & Holly and, Ladies I will never forget it. ;-)
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,8/28/2009,253,502,8,14,14>The ladies and I went to brunch here yesterday and what a brunch it was! For $39 you get bottomless mimosas, bloody mary's, orange juice, organic coffee, and I think there was one other thing on that list. Then you get a basket of assorted delicious breads. Yesterday's choices were banana, coffee cake, and jalapeno corn muffins. All are bite sized which is nice if you're counting calories or points. They're served with this awesome grapefruit spread and the ubiquitous fleur de sel butter that I love so much at Paggi House.Next, you choose a cold starter. I went with the shrimp and crab cocktail which was wonderful. The cocktail sauce served with this was super.For the entree, I had chicken and waffles. Whoa! First, nice call on the boneless chicken thigh as the cut for the fried chicken! I hate chicken breast...so boring, so dry. It's counter part, the thigh, proves to fry up nice and juicy. There was also a piece of sausage on the side! Elizabeth! Here I come! It's the big one!All of this was followed with baskets of mini beignets doused in powdered sugar.Our server was awesome. He was cute, funny and engaging. All of the service was top notch actually. I really think Paggi House is becoming my favorite restaurant in Austin (even though I've yet to have a full dinner there).Sure, $39 is pricey for brunch, but when you consider all you get (and bottomless bloody mary's!), the price is a steal! It's worth every penny.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,8/27/2009,184,184,10,11,17>I've had cupcakes at the original Hey Cupcake! trailer a few times, but since I live up north I don't get them very often.  Imagine my delight in finding out they were opening a store on Burnet!  I was in the neighborhood gettin' my nerd on at Dragon's Lair so I decided to swing by on opening day.  The line was (thankfully) nothing like the LINE OF MASSIVENESS when the Northside Tiff's opened up, though the store was still pretty packed.  I attribute it to the employees, who were whittling down the line with heroic efficiency.  While this location is in an actual building there is plenty to remind you of their roots.  The counter is made to look like an Airstream complete with TV showing road footage to simulate a window.  It must be a PAIN to keep all that chrome clean (what with the anklebiters covered in delicious frosting) but it does look great.  Behind the building there's the ass-end of an Airstream for...photo ops?  I dunno, it's kind of random but I thought it was cute.Speaking of behind the building, they really outdid themselves there.  They've got a nice patio area with plenty of tables and benches, and a stage area with fancy lighting.  I overheard the lighting guy say that he rescued the lights from the Yellow Rose.  Yes, that's right.  The cheerful lights used for the music stage at a cupcake shop were castoffs from a strip club.  My love for this town grew even more in that moment.If you've made it this far in my rambling you've probably realized that I haven't mentioned what I think of the cupcakes yet.  WAY TO OBFUSCATE THE POINT, ME.  I had a vanilla/vanilla cupcake and it was like eating joy and rainbows.  The cake was moist and the icing was super sweet, just the way I like it.  Dane W. had a red velvet one and I almost stole it from him.  The cream cheese icing was addictive.Everything about this place made me happy.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,8/26/2009,467,441,7,15,12>T3xture advertises as "The Embodiment of Luxury Body Modification."  And they follow through with that, wholeheartedly.  I've never been into a "body modification" place that was completely absent of flash art on the walls and neon lights.  T3xture appears more like a salon, if you will, than your standard tattoo joint.I stopped in last week for a procedure, upon the recommendation of fellow Yelper Mike L.  My original plan was to just check the place out and decide later.  I was greeted by Cali, the owner/piercer/body modifier and felt completely at ease, so I opted to have the procedure done immediately.  He only uses titanium jewelry (way more hypoallergenic than steel) and his technique is flawless.  He took the time to listen to my concerns and did a very thorough, careful, meticulous job overall.  Aftercare instructions are provided (also available online), as is special anti-microbial soap, something that you'd typically have to pay for.Yes, it is slightly more expensive than the gaudy, typical body modification places, but it's the price of luxury.  I, personally, would rather pay more for excellence than less for mediocrity.  Especially when it comes to this type of thing.I'm delighted by the procedure I had performed and I will not hesitate to refer T3xture to anyone else.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,8/24/2009,91,169,8,13,13>The only thing holding back Freddie's Place from a 5 star review is their lack of beer on draft. They do have bottles and cans, but I like my brew straight from the keg. Barring that, this is exactly the type of place that has made me fall in love with Austin. I don't know of a more perfect way to spend a lazy evening than to grab a seat out underneath the oak trees, order a basket of frings, catch up with friends, and watch the doggies play. The outdoor space also boasts a play area for kids, which is nice, as it keeps the little rompers contained in one area. Go on a Saturday night between 6-9pm and listen to the live local music (free!), order a Freddie's Crutch ($2.99 Jack and Coke!), sit back, and be happy.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,8/23/2009,161,122,6,14,15>I have a new favorite first date place. See... Here is the thing. First date places have to be nice but not SUPER nice. You can't take first dates to the nicest restaurant in town because if you do that restaurant won't be special. You can't take them some place thats cheap because in that case you will appear (perhaps rightfully so) cheap. SO, what do you do? You take them to a place that looks very nice with a great atmosphere and incredible food. Peche is that place. Food - I NEVER order the chicken breast at a restaurant. Why? Because it's a friggin chicken breast. I can make it at home. Not to mention it is rarely anything better than above average. On the suggestion of the owner, I ordered the chicken breast and it was incredible. It must have been cooked at a very high heat to sear in all the juices and not scorch the outside as it was incredible. Rob, the owner, told us that initially he was opposed to having chicken breast on the menu for the same reasons that I never order it but after trying it at the request of the chef it became a permanent fixture. My friend had the beef short ribs which were equally good. For starters we had the redfish brandade and it was also VERY good. Ambiance - The restaurant very much accomplishes it's attempt at a bistro theme. Dark woods, good but not overly bright lighting and a general attention to detail make Peche a great date place or a good place to just have dinner with a client or friend. Service - Our waitress, Leah, was alternately attentive, funny and helpful. She knew the menu well and was always present without being the slightest bit overbearing. Overall - Between the food, service, ambiance and specialty drinks I very much liked Peche. The owner being so nice and helpful was also a great touch. I'd honestly put it at closer to 4 1/2 stars but I'll round up to 5 and highly recommend Peche to anyone.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/22/2009,27,61,73,11,38>This may seem like a long-winded review, but stick with me, it's a pretty good story.I am moving out of state and needed to clean out my garage last weekend. As I am digging through the boxes and piles of crap, I stumbled upon a few trash bags. These bags were full of items I had saved for my Ex. He was no ordinary Ex, we were together for 3 years. He asked my Dad if he could marry me, we lived together. He moved out, and in with another lady on the same day. Broke my poor little heart.We actually dated again not too long ago(stupid I know). And, of course, he left for another. I tried then to give him his stuff. The bags were full of clothes, shoes and just other random items. He wanted them, but never picked them up.I decided to take these bags to Goodwill, along with all the the stuffed animals and junk he gave me while we were together. I'm feeling pretty good about this, you know, letting go of the past. Fully moving on. I pull up to the receiving doors. I had a good friend with me, who was there for me when said Ex was around. I look inside, and say to my friend "That guy looks like (Ex dude's name)" She says "I don't think it does". He walks out, and to my surprise, it is the Ex dude. Woah, this is kind of awkward. I get out of the car, we say hello. Apparently he is now employed by the fine people at Goodwill Industries. I hand the bags over, tell him he should have picked up his stuff. Get in the car and leave.The cherry on top=He was the person who had to go through all of the donations. He had to pull every item out of those bags and decide if they were good enough for Goodwill, including his designer shoes and the Caterpillar he got me for valentines day. I love you Goodwill
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2009,8/21/2009,421,256,15,12,11>What convinced me to venture here were the personal sized portions of what appeared to be pastries - and I heart pastries. What convinced me to delegate 4 stars was the T&S Way of Dim Sum, which admittedly, I thought was some kind of broth soup. Allow me to thoroughly correct this misunderstanding:Dim Sum (n.)/dim sam/Etymology: ChineseDefinition: a Chinese cuisine which involves a wide range of light dishes served successively in small portions, typically including meat, seafood, vegetables, and yummy, served alongside Chinese tea.How I met my pork bun: a group of chopstick advocates and I came here bleary-eyed & run-down one Sunday morning after the weekend that wouldn't end, with intentions to sample their Dim Sum dishes. Righteous idea.Once our lazy Susan was seated and calibrated, cart after cart began to sneak up on us with distant voices more or less describing what each tin contained. One or two of our party would request a tin of one dish, a different dish, then we sort of lost track of who ordered what and just started spinning Susan like she was a Sexy M.F. record at last night's Raspberry Criminal, only she wasn't short circuited by some kid's spilled drink [Reference here: snurl.com/ojtpb]. Subjective favorites included pork buns, salt & peppa whatta mighty good shrimp (with garlic), and shrimp toast. Shrimp say-what!? Yes.Anyway, at some point I recall some of the tins just sort of jumping onto our table without clearly hearing who requested them. In all fairness, they were Dim good.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,8/20/2009,60,246,11,7,6>At the risk of sounding like a giant douchebag, I think this place is awesome.  I literally JUST got done shoving my last forkful of brown rice into my mouth and immediately picked up my computer to write this review.First, the decor is Mama Fu's-esque, which is neither good nor bad - just kinda corporate and cheesy.As for the food, I had the spicy shrimp bowl with brown rice (approximately $6), and I thought it was really good.  I also got the side salad ($.97 with tax, so why the hell not?), and it was just a little bit vinegar-y compared to other ginger dressings I've had, but again, I can hardly complain.  I think for the price, it's a great value.HOWEVER, the reason it gets 4 stars and not 5 is because I think their nutrition info is WAY off.  If that spicy shrimp bowl was 400 calories, then I'm the Sultan of Brunei. And my man servant should be by with my Bentley and royal virgin whores any minute now, so I'd better run.Eat here.  Peace.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,8/19/2009,271,233,12,13,6>Best Samosas so far.  I had a hankering for Indian Food today, and I decided to introduce myself to Swad.  I ordered the samosas (2.95) and a poori (1.00), as I was saving room for more food later on.  The poori was light, fluffy, and amazingly delicious.  Think of it as a fluffy, fried flat bread.  I think I devoured it all within 36 seconds.  The samosas were the biggest I've seen so far.  They were about the size of my fists, which aren't small.  I have big piano playing hands.  I had to cut them in half.  Crunchy and firm on the outside, hot and spicy on the inside.  They were so spicy that I literally started to cry in the restaurant.  *sniff sniff*munch munch munch* sniff sniff* tear*  These samosas absolutely wonderful. I think I'm in love with those samosas.  They make me want to put on my choli and lengha, and dance around barefoot in the backyard.  I'll be back for more.  See ya soon, Thali special.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,8/17/2009,27,26,21,10,11>So, let's get this out of the way first: the Domain is a douchetastical institution established on the erroneous concept that human beings were born to endlessly consume expensive and wasteful things they don't need. In fact, the Domain believes this is so very true that they have built a place where you can live in immediate proximity to many retail outlets selling you crap and promoting excess, all while pumping fake bird noises through their outdoor sound system. Sound weird? It is. But aside from the bizzarro locale, I really like The Steeping Room! I often have to travel to the Domain/Arboretum area for lunch meetings and this place is a lovely change of pace. The space is modern, sunny and airy. It's always busy and service is rarely super fast, but the people working are cheerful and attentive. It's worth you while to peruse the tea menu and pick out a pot that sounds yummy. I love the ginger pear tea...very spicy and flavorful. On a recent trip, my (also veggie and gluten-intolerant) co-worker and I had the grilled vegetable sandwich on spelt bread done vegan style, which was butternut squash, eggplant, onions and mushrooms with a good hummus spread. The veggies were marinated, grilled and super tasty, though a bit oily. The flavor was bonkers good. I've also had awesome luck with any of their salads, especially with the balsamic vinaigrette. It is soooooooo good. There's always a couple of daily soup offerings and when I've been one choice was vegan. I've tried an excellent creamy sweet potato as well as a mussamun tofu curry soup.  On my next trip I plan to try the ginger tofu sandwich. Lunch for two plus a pot of tea is about $25.I don't know that this is somewhere I would go out of my way to eat, but it is a very nice spot with some wonderful offerings for anyone with special dietary needs...especially in such an enormous oasis of douche.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,8/16/2009,310,185,6,12,13>It's new.  It's old.  It's The Ginger Man, redux.  Opened at 2pm today, it took me till 2:45 to cross the threshold.First and foremost, the beer is here, almost every single tap, less one.  To make up, a second hand-pumped cask ale is coming soon, so the title of "Austin's Top Temple of Beer" remains unchallenged.The new space is absolutely beautiful, if a bit dark, since there are no skylights like the old spot.  (Opening day photos can be found here: flickr.com/photos/mrbaze  ) Dark wood, period lighting, a stained concrete floor and bar are set off by comfy furniture in cozy corners, all in a rich color palette of caramel, walnut and brown ale.  The revered copper-backed tap wall dominates, but dart lanes up front, nooks and crannies and inviting benches accented with mirrors open to a surprisingly delightful back yard beer garden.  It needs more greenery (coming) and the massive cedar tables and benches need breaking in (soon, no doubt) but already it's a great little oasis in the back.  I miss the big leafy trees, but I can tell I'll be drinking out back quite a bit.I sampled a Sierra Nevada Bigfoot Barley Wine, not coincidentally the first beer I ever had at the Ginger Man back in 1994, and also the last beer I had last Sunday afternoon at the closing of the old location,  I pronounce it tasty and wonderful, as always.The smiling staff is here, a bit beleaguered from the move, but ready to serve.  The crowds are returning, like beer-driven salmon heading upstream.  The food selection looks to be the same, hot, tasty & filling, if unremarkable, and the beloved Beer Companion is once again being served to happy consumers.We may be losing a landmark around the corner, but we have gained a new one-a pub any city would be proud to have, and one at which I'm happy to be able to keep drinking.Welcome to the neighborhood Ginger Man. It's been a long two days without you. (That 5th star awaits, because the pub is just now emerging and taking on its new form.  I suspect it's coming soon.)
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,8/15/2009,90,161,5,9,10>So i have been trying to experience new and different people, different drinks, different eats...different everything lately. That's why i immediately fell in love with Lustre Pearl Bar. If you dig different, this is the place. The beauty of the faux/real old home is as intoxicating as the sweet tea martinis being served. I enjoyed wandering the old rooms of this home wondering how it was 100 years ago. Often when visiting a brand new bar you have to kinda get to know it a few times before you love it. Not a Lustre... I felt right at home. The wonderful Rainey Street neighborhood vibe translated easily into this home on the corner converted into a bar. It really does not feel at all like a typical bar. Its like your uncles house or your grandmothers home. The huge backyard seating area is what it is... A real backyard, but filled with great seating areas, ping ball table, and beer pong gaming etc. Lots of cool tables under the trees to drink and chat and just enjoy life. Not to mention the hula hoops available for you when your wild side kicks in. The old trees shade everything so that this will be a comfortable place even in the summer. So step out from the ordinary folks...leave your normal expectations behind and visit this unusually Austin bar. If your looking for the same ole...same ole...kinda bar, don't come here. Different is awesome, and you'll get that here. And you'll love it if you understand that vibe. I'm coming back soon, and all the friendly folks that "get it" will be there too i hope.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,8/14/2009,288,258,10,13,15>After a long day of SXSW'ing I was tired, I needed food to quell the free boozie sloshing around in my stomach and I wanted it NOW!  The crew wanted Mexican food and I decided it was time to introduce them to this little gem.  I was worried that the dayglo zarapes hanging from the walls might scare them off but I said, "eff it, the food will keep them in their seats." The lively Tejano twosome was in full effect with one dude tearing up the mic and the other throwing down some accordion beats.  Aw yeah - East Side! There were a few mishaps this time around.  We wanted Queso, but they were out of chips.  Wha!!!  I know, but we had to move on.  Madelyn R asked for the Enchiladas Suizas, a top notch choice that I was ready to try a bite of, but they were out of green sauce.  Consequently, my green Chilaquiles turned into red ones, but that's okay with me 'cause the Red sauce at this joint suits me just fine.  Her replacement chicken burrito was the size of a newborn baby and was delicious to boot. Being that I was ravenous at this point I ordered an Al Pastor taco on the side.  The pastor here is incredible, they add caramelized onions and it's something special, Cody R would agree.  And last, but certainly not least, the refried beans here are outta control, y'all.  I know they use real lard, straight up in ya face.  They ain't care what it's gonna do to your thighs, and neither do I 'cause one taste of that creamy goodness and I'm sold! REMEMBER:  cash only!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2009,8/13/2009,212,150,12,13,16>"Delightful" is a word I rarely use, not because I don't find some things delightful, but because there always seems to be more descriptive words lying around. Like "pretty cool", for example.But my evening at Uncorked was indeed full of delight. And while the fireworks my friends and I watched from the back patio did provide some shock and awe, no one was shocked at the awesome service and atmosphere we all enjoyed.The only thing less than completely delightful was the olive plate; when three confessed olive-lovers have the modestly portioned sampling of Mediterranean gold surrounded and it doesn't get finished, something is less than perfect.But I will extend the olive branch to Uncorked and be back again for more delightful times.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,8/12/2009,94,126,13,8,11>So after a lackadaisical off- again on-again search all over town for a die cast Bender figure (from Futurama, if you didn't know) I ambled into Toy Joy. After a fruitless (but highly enjoyable) 20 minute search I ask the girl behind the counter:"Do you guys have Bender?"She smiles and responds:"Of course, we are WELL versed in the Tao of Futurama."Bliss. Why didn't I start here?
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/10/2009,76,280,14,14,12>Definitely dig this place- cool and dark, like a cave.. a cave with bartenders. Super friendly bartenders serving cheap stiff drinks, a rockin' 90s alt rock/grunge juke box, and a few pool tables. Not pool tables with the same three frat guys hogging it all night, but pool tables you actually get to play. I prefer the one in the back room the best. The one that feels like a bunker. Less foot traffic. It feels like you're playing pool in your own private bomb shelter. And who hasn't dreamt of playing pool in your own private bomb shelter? I know I have. Oh shit, almost forgot to mention the bathroom - comic books, comic books, comic books, all over the walls. Sweet.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/9/2009,172,220,6,8,9>At the insistence of fellow Yelper Steve O., I chose to have my birthday dinner here. We drove all the way down from NW Hills to have a delicious dinner, and accomplished our goal.The owners could not be nicer, and it's a family run business. We got a vegetarian plate, and they guys were nice enough to let us mix chicken and beef schwarma on one plate. We also got a big Greek salad, though the dressing was a little different than I am used to.The Dolma was so wonderful. Usually things wrapped in grape leaves are way too vinegary for me, but i loved these. Hummus, best tabbouleh I've ever had, babaganoush (which I decidedly have decided is a dish I just don't care for), tarboush potatoes (dip these in garlic sauce, seriously). And those pickles are so good! I wanted to order some to go!The meat was delicious. (That's what she said!) The beef tasted like there was a little cinnamon there, and the chicken just melted in your mouth. I got an extra side of the garlic sauce. When I received it, the gentleman said, "It just makes you want to keep eating." Boy, was he right. I started putting that sauce on everything! Before I knew it, we ordered the Lamb plate to go.I asked about a dessert that wasn't on the menu, and he let us try a whole piece for free (thought I forgot what it was called/how to pronounce it). Unfortunately, I was a little too stuffed for the lamb that night, and in my hurry this morning I didn't grab it for my lunch. It's ok though, 'cause I know we'll be back.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,8/8/2009,325,414,16,14,14>"I have a confession to make."The laughter stopped. The story being told was over.  "What?" my friend asked as I looked down. I could hardly look at her in the face."I..." I stammered. "I have never been to Torchy's.""What?!!!" the shock undeniable."Jessica S----," she yelled across the table. "We are going there right now!  ... You know that's the first place I go when I get off the plane!"We paid our bill where we were and hopped in the car. She prepped me as we got closer. "Now, when we get there, don't even look at the menu. You're getting the green chili pork taco."I didn't argue. Although we had just left a place where we ate only appetizers and I wasn't all that hungry, I knew I wouldn't be able to make the necessary decisions once we got there, having heard the menu can be quite extensive.We got out of the car and I asked, "They're not going to sacrifice me like during Rocky Horror, are they?"All staff was super friendly. And Mexican Cokes? What's wrong with that?!  The queso is good stuff, if you don't think of it as "queso."And that taco? Yeah, it was delicious.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,8/7/2009,324,543,5,16,14>I've worked out here every hour of the day except 4-9:30 a.m. ("not a morning person" is an understatement) at some point in the last eight months, so I finally feel qualified to offer an opinion.I came here as basically a gym rookie (I'd used my college's gym less than a dozen times and lifted weights for a semester in high school), but I'm hooked. I love that I can come here any time of the day and exercise for as long as I want (or as little as I want). Here's what I think of the gym's main features:Personal training: SKIP. Lame. Not worth the exhorbitant fees on top of membership. My trainer spent most of the sessions either (a) asking me whenwhenwhenwhenwhen I would sign up for MORE sessions, (b) taking notes on her clipboard, or (c) showing me exercises that were impractical without a trainer or workout partner. Cost: I pay about $30 a month. Not bad, in my opinion.Overall atmosphere: You do your thing, I'll do mine. Aside from a few hardcore regulars and the omnipresent training staff, I basically don't notice those working out around me. LANCE IS EVERYWHERE. So if you have Armstrongophobia, I suggest you  work out elsewhere. Otherwise: Nothing to complain about.Locker room: I'd never seen a naked, older woman before I joined. Now I have. It's no biggie. Showers can be a bit slimy or out of soap, but otherwise I'm perfectly happy.Cardio machines: Unless you go between 5-7 p.m., when you'll have to wait a few minutes, you'll get a machine and be able to watch TV while you're at it. Mostly in good repair. (Repair guy is there five days a week, too.)Free weights/weight machines: Rarely is there a wait at a machine you want to use, and there are plenty of other options while you bide your time.Stuff I don't use: Pool, hot tub, sauna, basketball court, classes, kid drop-off -- sure it's good they're there, but I haven't used these features just yet. Probably won't. But maybe ...
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,8/6/2009,231,205,8,12,11>I have a soft spot for Might Fine, and though I'm not a meat eater these days, I suggested it to my IKEA shopping partner, as she didn't really want Swedish meatballs from their cafe. I've had their patties in the past, and DAMN, those is some good eats.As my friend devoured her Jr. Hamburger, I found myself salivating, thinking of the mustard and charred beef patty. Mmmmm...oops! There I went, picking at her crispy little crinkle-cut fries.Personally, I'm not a fan of the big, community-style tables. I like to keep to myself, and especially keep away from crawling children. It's ok, the Lawry's Season Salt on the tables makes up for that pitfall.In this particular location they have a wall of local celebrities posing with the manager (owner?). I giggled to myself at the cheesey quotes underneath the 8x10s; "News 8's Traffic Reporter Joe Taylor says 'All roads lead to Mighty Fine!'"If Mighty Fine served veggie burgers I'm pretty sure I'd be in big, BIG trouble. Far superior to P. Terry's in the quick and basic burger category. I think of it as "fancy" Whataburger.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,8/4/2009,611,369,14,17,18>I came up to this joint as bitter as I expected my iced coffee to be.No one batted an eye lash when I asked for the non-dairy options available, no looks of scorn crossed the barista's face when I questioned which sugar-free syrups I could choose... In fact, these people were dancing.  Literally, dancing to the music they had going behind the counter.  Not just one or two, but the entire staff, prior to 8 in the morning was feeling the beat.  I must say, from having the option of almond milk instead of soy... to tearing my bleary, hung-over eyes open to see smiling, dancing people - Emerald City, perhaps Israel and Palestine should start their mornings with you.  I know my iced coffee and I left  a little more sweet and totally unbitter.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,8/3/2009,65,85,18,19,20>Yelpers, have you missed me? Cuz I heard you did. In fact, I heard that you missed my reviews so much that in an effort to lure me back you threatened to take away my eliteness. I laugh. Cuz eliteness can not be taken away nor given with a badge. Eliteness comes from within. Sure does.Anywho. Ok...so I went to Izzoz Tacos the other day with my husband. We are on a budget these days so we can't always afford a sit down, tip your waitstaff kinda meal. Even though Izzoz isn't exactly in our neighborhood we decided to give something south of the river a shot. I read all about the tasty fried avocado on yelp and that was all I needed to hear - well, read. Izzoz doesn't disappoint in the filling your belly department. Pricier than we expected but worth it. (full disclosure: we were starved so we ordered more than normal which probably lends to the higher tab) Here's what we got:(not all names are accurate but you'll get the idea)the fried avocado taco - good - not my fav - but differentthe portabella taco - oh yummy in my tummy awesome - my favthe del mar - the tilapia grilled taco - this was really good - tip: ask for the sauce on the side as they are heavy handed with it.the pulled pork - holy pig this was delishthe carne guisada (I think that is what it was - my husband got this one) - it was definitely a meat product - it was good too but i liked the pork one the bestchips & guac: props for freshness, but I like mine spicy and so felt it needed a kick of serrano pepper.Atmosphere - super cute little trailer stop. The owner (John?) is so nice and I loved that he brought our food out to the table. I wasn't sure what the plan was but he made it easy. So there you go. Go have a taco.You happy now?
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,8/2/2009,253,336,9,9,6>So, I know that people will hate me, but this bar is hipster heaven.  Let me explain that statement, and why it's both a good and a bad thing.First, understand, I like hipsters.  They're usually in their 20s, dress trendily, are skinny, wear tight jeans, and have ironic senses of humor.  They also have good taste in music (mostly), and those things are all attractive to me.  I like hipster boys, ok?  But then the flip side - some hipsters, and this seems more prevalent here in Austin, take themselves WAY too seriously.  Shangri-La doesn't seem like there are too many of those kind there, which is good.You enter on Medina, the side street that Shangri-La actually resides on, through a walkway of broken glass.  Yes, broken glass.  While it looks kinda cool under the spotlight, and none got in my or my companions' shoes, it seems like a very bad idea to mix broken glass and drunk people, especially when the amount of Austinites in sandals/flip-flops is considered.  However, so far no harm no foul, but I wouldn't bring your doggie by unless you want an emergency vet visit.The back patio is very large - around the same size as the outside at Side Bar, with lots of tables and chairs scattered around.  It's multi-leveled with moderately narrow stone steps between the levels, and a nice crunchy gravel underfoot.  I spent most of my time on the patio, which I was very pleased with.  It's well enough lit that you don't have to worry about seeing, but not so bright that you lose the mystique of being at a trendy bar.  Warning - there's no real cover on most of the patio, so rain means stay inside!Speaking of the inside, watch your step!  There's a large bit of frame that you have to step over on the steps, so it's actually a step up and THEN four down from the patio instead of just three down.  Props to Shangri-La for the large painted notice on the door frame that's pretty hard to miss, but they really ought to have that fixed.  And since we're discussing watching your step, be careful of the foundation seam that's risen a good four inches and splits the center of the inside area right down the middle.  Seems like a nasty place to have an unexpected bump, and seems like the kind of thing that's a bad mix in a bar full of drunk people raised in a society where plastic bags have warnings that they're not toys.The beer selection is pretty standard hipster fare - a few good brews on tap outside, and a normal selection of about ten by can/bottle inside.  I'll bet they sell more PBR tallboys than anything, though.  I didn't pay much attention to the liquor selection, but it was a pretty big set of shelves, so it's probably decent.The decor is also pretty standard hipster far - kitschy chandeliers that are klassi with the K *and* the I, paintings of handguns on the walls, obligatory jukebox and HDTV playing old black and white movies, and even the vintage 80s and 90s arcade games.  They've got Pac-Man, Asteroid Deluxe, Mortal Kombat II, Tetris, Guantlet, and Centipede, so you 80s vintage kids can whore away your quarters for some 8 and 16 bit bliss.The bartenders were fast and friendly, which was nice, and seemed to fit the decor, if you'll pardon my implication that they're decorative.  Parking seemed easy, but it was a Tuesday, so I don't know how bad the weekends are, but there aren't a *lot* of night-time establishments right around, mostly a few restaurants and bars, so it shouldn't be too bad.So, I have to say, this is NOT a dive bar.  Sorry, Chip A.  Dive bars aren't INTENTIONALLY run down, cheap, or old.  They are that way, like G&S Lounge, because they've always been that way - cheap, run down, old neighborhood bars.  New bars that are freshly opened cannot, by definition, be dive bars.  That's part of why it's a hipster bar.  The kitschy decoration is fun, but intentional and mildly punny, since I'll bet the average income of their patrons is either student loans or yuppie downtown money.  As JV rightly put it, this place is best-described as LO-FI.  Where the music is a bit fuzzy and details don't matter as much the mood, which is relaxed and local.  You won't find frat boys or sorostitues here, and there aren't going to be any Round Rock yuppies; just local, real Austinites having a great time to some good tunes.Alright, Shangri-La, you win.  You're my kinda place, and I forsee my friends and I spending many nights in your embrace.  Well done.But would ya put Smithwick's on tap for me?  Cuz, really, you gotta have at least ONE Irish ale.  That would get you that coveted fifth star.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,8/1/2009,94,263,13,13,13>If used cars scare the bejesus out of you.. they should. However, there is Hope... The OBAMA of the car world.  CarMax...So here's the skivy... Many years back I bought my sweetie a 99 Grand Cherokee Laredo Jeep in Taylor.  Yes, I used to live in suburbamania, Pville, can't believe it to this day.  In fact, thanks to Susie we now live in the 49.. anyhow.. Susie loved her "Old Girl", but she was getting long in the teeth.. (Old Girl not Susie)  147K miles later, she is still running but needs to be put out to pasture. Her moon roof no longer mooned anyone, her left eye was still faded from an unfortunate run in with a deer on 360 one evening.  You see, she was a great SUV and she was a stout gal.  In her long life with us she managed to eliminate one stop sign, backed into a Lexus on Christmas Eve and suffered the indignity of a hit and run driver who painfully removed her left side mirror..  But we always fixed her back up and kept her running.  And Susie gave her a frequent bath.. I knew "Old Girl" was asking to be put into retirement, so I started to look around.  CarMax's website just rocked.  I looked elsewhere, but kept on coming back to CarMax.  After doing a big search, I narrowed it down to another Grand Cherokee Laredo an 08, "Old Girl's" younger sister if you will.  She seemed like she was fairly virginal, only 21K miles on it.. but she lived in Garland.  That is when I noticed CarMax would ship her to Austin for FREE.  I called and talked with a salesman, Matt Myres, and he told me he would make sure the transfer would take place and would have an associate check it out before she would leave Garland.  I got a call back a little later and he told me, she looked really nice and they would ship her that day.  And no obligation to buy.So on monday the new whip arrived.  I had to work and I asked Susie to go check her out and to give me a call if she liked it... around lunch my phone rang, I picked it up to hear Susie screaming HELL YES, IT'S PRECIOUS.. I took care of a few items and headed down to fill out the paperwork and pick it up.  We still didn't know what to do with "Old Girl"... Matt mentioned they would certainly give an appraisal for us if we wanted to trade it in.  She had been part of the family for so long we didn't want to lose her... but, then then appraisal popped up on the computer.. and they liked her as much as we did... So we let them have her, said our goodbyes and headed over to our new ride... or should I say to Precious.CarMax..did a great job, the salesman Matt was on the ball, and we found a great deal on a hell of a car...
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2009,7/31/2009,446,557,17,20,19>I have no frame of reference by which to judge this cuisine.  But I liked it.  And it was inexpensive (1/2 chicken and 2 waffles for $7.99--I split it with a friend). My waffle seemed a slightly rubbery, but I rather suspect that's the nature of a waffle after grease saturates it. The chicken was well seasoned and fried up nice and crispy. The live band and dancing guy in a chicken suit definitely enhanced my experience.Now I need a nap.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,7/30/2009,250,195,13,16,13>So, I made some stew, and I gave some of it to Marshall J.  He decided the best way to return my gladware was with cupcakes inside.  Oh hell yes!  I rarely eat sweets but these were sooooo perfect.  The right amount of icing, moist cake, not excessively sweet.  These folks do cupcakes right.  I suspect one was a red velvet, and the other was for sure a vanilla cake.  Yum.  Did I say yum?  I think I should say it again.  YUM.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,7/29/2009,368,209,17,17,22>So I'm on my way to meeting my food buddies at Perla's. What should I listen to on the way? Pearl Jam, naturally. Which, of course, set in motion a mental outline of how I would write this review before even arriving -- with a few fill-in-the-blanks depending on my experience (a verbal scavenger hunt, if you will). My favorite album of all time? Ten (yes, all time--don't argue with me) How can I apply this to my Perla's experience? Tracks (in no particular order -- okay, never mind, they're in perfect order): Once: "I admit it, what's to say?" I've been here once now and although this is a song about a man's descent into madness, I'm not completely mad about Perla's. I will go back, though. Evenflow: "Freezin', rests his head on a pillow made of concrete": well, my Bluepoint and Raspberry point oysters were resting on a pillow made of ice before I devoured them. (horseradish had less bite than a geriatric without dentures, but the flavor of the oysters was fabulous--but still, the shitty horseradish is keeping this a four-star) and "thoughts arrive(d) like butterflies" (or turned into butterflies) when our waiter approached the table. Alive: "Son, she said, have I got a little story for you" -- Brent, our waiter, had a few stories about how the oysters were harvested. Which made me feel better about eating them alive. Why go: "She scratches a letter into a wall made of stone..." I had absolutely no bars in this place so the funny text message Carla S. sent to me during pre-dinner cocktails did not come through on my phone. Black: "Sheets of empty canvas; untouched sheets of clay" --song about a good friend who commited suicide. Okay, I can't even quip about this one. Jeremy: (amazing video) "At home, drawing pictures, of mountain tops" -- I was really hoping our waiter's name was Jeremy, but it was not to be. Oceans: "Hold on to the threads. The currents will shift" -- i guess they will shift to catch my scallops, which were perfectly cooked, perfectly delicate. Best part of my meal, except for... Porch: "WTF is this world running to?"  if you gotta run to the bathroom, the ladies' room is fabulous. Garden: "the direction of the eye; so misleading" -- normally, I would have set all my attention on a dessert, but instead, ordered the Rumba coffee drink. Holy, holy, holy... coffee with Bailey's, something else, and I swear it had cayenne pepper in it. Worth all 8 dollars. And I was complaining about not enough heat at the beginning of the meal... the drink keeps it from being a 3-star experience.Deep: "on the edge; windowsill; ponders his maker; ponders his will; to the street below; he just ain't nothin'; but he's got a great view..." the Perla's waitstaff is pretty hot -- nice view Release: "I see the world; feel the chill" -- not tonight. perfect night to be out and about in Austin.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,7/28/2009,255,164,21,15,20>I was invited to dine with the Yelp Power Couple at Evangeline last night.The Barack and Michelle Obama of Austin Yelp, Kevin & Allison N.. (Also with 2 of their cabinet members, who will remain nameless here)What did I do to deserve the royal treatment? I dunno. Must be all that clean livin'.The restaurant:    Quite busy for a Monday night. There was good live music already happening at 7pm. (Charles Thibodeaux) Very lively and fun atmosphere. The decor is haphazard and funky, like the images their claim of being  "Old Austin" would conjure in your mind. Old beer signs and random stuff tacked to the walls, with some Mardi Gras colors thrown in for good measure.The service: Our waiter was friendly and after we ordered, the food arrived quickly. Kevin had a condiment problem with his meal, but it was quickly rectified to the best of my knowledge.  The only misstep I witnessed was how long it took to get a to-go container for one at our table, the Ambassador to After-Partya. The food: It was recommended by the Secretary of the Air Force that I get what he thought was the bomb-diggity. One of their specialties called "Speedy's Catfish with Maque-Choux" (pronounced Mock Shoo).It was indeed delicious, and once I started eating it, I could not stop shoveling the tasty goodness into my mouth. I also sampled the Ambassador's "Alligator Stew", which was just as tasty...  Allison testified to the quality of the Red Beans and Rice, as Kevin showed us all his Cajun street cred by getting a.. uh....  burger.As we digested and worked out the bill, I watched the dancing of two couples in the aisle between the band and the tables. This woman had moves I've never seen before.. A funky twirling waltz, mixed with Latin hip gyrations, mixed with the bobbing neck movements of a male Green Anole lizard defending his territory.. Quite intriguing. I guess that's how they do it in Louisiana. Or at least Far South Austin.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,7/27/2009,73,207,11,10,9>I am in love.  There, I said it.  I have found the best Mexican restaurant in Austin that I can actually justify eating at on a regular basis.   Don't get me wrong: I still am quite fond of you, El Chile, Manuel's and Fonda San Miguel.  I'll still probably have a dalliance or two with Z-Tejas and the Iron Cactus.  I'll still visit you all and maybe even tell some of you I love you.  But this is my new Mexican food mistress.  It's a different kind of love.To think that we met only because The Gal clipped a 15% off coupon.   We took a chance on Happy Hour, and went to see you in your strip mall location, with your red "Now Open" banners hanging like flags from the temporary quarters of El Presidente.   Only the inside looked like La Cafeteria more than La Cochina.  Industrial ductwork, tables set in rigid rows, only a few black and white pictures for décor.  Bravely, we sat at the bar, avoiding the stares of the white bread patrons who looked like they should be at Jim's Restaurant.   That maybe wasn't the best start, was it?But then you turned our heads with the unabashed friendliness of one of the family members/friends that owns you.  With the first margarita, the wooing was on.  And then you stole our hearts with your food.The ceviche (both fish and shrimp): spectacular.  Oh, you are not afraid of the spice. There is no Tex in your interior Mex.  The loving had begun; you had us hooked and now were just going to reel us in.  Your Rellenos de Nogala: a pablano with shredded pork, pomegranate seeds, raisins, pine nuts and spiced in such a way as to to make you  never forgotten.  But it was  the Empenadas in a blanco mole....oh my.  Oh, my.   I am still at a loss for words.All the while, we had fantastic service.  Because you're being run by la familia,  there was never any one person assigned to us: whoever happened to be closest would refill our glasses, take our order, get us condiments, clear out dishes...all while being wonderfully cheerful without being cloying or annoying.Hecho en Mexico, when The Gal can proclaim how awesome you are and waxes poetically about how wonderful it is to find a place that can present meals that she loves and can't replicate, maybe you understand how special you are.Oh, so close to 5 stars.   Make the interior look less like a dark Taco Cabana and we're there.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,7/26/2009,354,138,1,13,15>I've been known to give a bartender a few stories that he could pass along, and on my first trip to the Roaring Fork, I wanted them to tell whomever asks the story of Quarry Lake's origin.  As you might infer from the name, it was in fact an old quarry.  Something you might not know is that it filled up overnight and there is still equipment at the bottom.  When we were kids, we didn't have to sneak in or join a gym to swim in it.  Now, this pristine little ecosystem can be enjoyed by everyone again.  I'm older now, and I like the option of sitting on the patio of a nice restaurant instead of the tailgate of a buddy's truck to take in the sunlight as its reflection is shattered on the water while under the influence of good wine instead of beer from a can.I must have said the right things because the bartender introduced me to Jim VanDercook, President of Eddie V's Restaurants Inc.  I was asked if I'd like to grab my glass of wine and have a tour since I expressed interest in the architects responsible for this attractive building.  Jim was a gracious host, and an excellent tour guide, all the while greeting others, keeping people motivated, and changing lighting and shades as the sun set.Jim told me that the kitchen [as the heart of the restaurant] should waft its smells to people entering, and the stainless steel counter wraps it completely so there shouldn't be traffic jams like the ones that happen at traditional pass thru windows.  It's not a new concept, but such careful attention was paid to every detail, it is a delight to see so many chefs looking sharp and working hard.  This design will most definitely make food fly out of that kitchen on any normal night.  I have no doubts regarding that, and the confidence that I got from the staff was truly impressive.The use of materials is chic and economic where it counts.  I was very impressed with the use of CMU (commonly known as cinder blocks) for the exterior walls, it has a bold scale and the use of institutional windows are not what one might be accustomed to seeing, but it works.  The steel frame construction allows for large spans of roof and creates massive, lodgey-feeling, open areas for dining.  Sliding glazed curtain walls that were pulled away from the corners in the bar area are an additional benefit to using this type of construction.  The sliding walls allow the inside/outside spaces to merge and frame this picturesque view of one of old Austin's secret swimming holes.  The wood and the leather, the steel and the slate are all awash with soft light from beautiful over-sized hanging lamps and dotted with spotlights.The food was very good, the green chile pork and the chops looked great.  I would recommend the Ahi Tartare with mango and avocado appetizer.  I tried the tempranillo and the malbec, both of Argentinian origin.  The tempranillo was better.There are so many more things I could say about this place, but I will leave some for you to discover.  Drink up the atmosphere, and try the Happy Hour prices, you won't be sorry you did.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,7/25/2009,103,80,9,8,6>Beer drinking glory revived at 2610 Guadalupe! The Little Woodrow's on the drag had a soft opening back November 20th at 5:00pm. I was there at 4:30pm. The next morning they opened to the public at 11:30am. I was there at 11:00am. I had the last Lone Star at my old Showdown and the first Lone Star at the new Little Woodrow's on the drag. I consider that a pretty big achievement, even though you may think that is pathetic. (Stop judging me!) I was lucky when the ole Showdown closed, I still had my Little Woodrow's on 6th. Plus The Nasty's on the drag stepped up and took us in. The Showdowner regulars scattered to the winds (IE other bars w/ cheap beer) I of course had heard the rumors that the folks at Little Woodrow's were looking at the Showdown location. I was strangely torn, my world's actually colliding. I decided to cowboy up and get over it. The Showdown was already gone. Little Woodrow's has always treated me like a King. "I'm for it," I decided. The SD closed back in May. I waited for like a whole week, and no Little Woodrow's. I heard it might come in September. So I started the random drop-ins. You know just to check on the progress, and see if I might be able to get a random beer at the place. One Saturday in November, you could tell it was almost ready. The head honcho "W" looked up and saw my ugly mug staring at him from the locked front door. His eyes rolled, but he let me in for a sneak peak. There were no tables or chairs or anything, but it was beautiful. They kept somethings in homage to the old SD, and even had an old mural from Raul's documented by an Austin music museum. It is now Jan 6th, up until Dec 24th I had a 34 day streak going at this new wonderful Little Woodrow's. It wasn't my fault it ended either, they ended it, some bullshit about closing for Christmas or something. It is ok though, cause I'm pretty broke by now, a month straight in a bar will do that to you. In my opinion it is flat out amazing what they have done with the place. It is like a 100% dust free Showdown on steroids. They hired the old manager of the Showdown, Scot, to be the general manager here. Old Showdowners will even recognize one of the bartenders.The Lovely Ladies of Little Woodrow's are here too. Really quite tolerant of me hanging around drinking all the time. I think the main gift of Little Woodrow's management is finding wonderfully competent gorgeous bartenders and waitresses that put up with me. A good bit of the old Showdown regulars are back too. Most I've talked to seem to like the place.  It brought a tear to my eyes when one old regular walked in and saw a dear old friend.  He broke out in tears and hugged him for five minutes.  They've been friends for years, live down the street from each other. But when the showdown closed THEY HAD NO PLACE ELSE TO GO!  (See Officer and a Gentleman)All the normal Little Woodrow's specials are here. $2.00 Lone Star all the time. They have the MOABS, on Sunday. The Mother of All Beer Specials. $2.50 anything on the wall from 7pm to close. Mondays = $2.50 Texas Beers, Tuesdays = Big Ass Beer night, Wednesdays = Ladies night $4 any wine, Thursdays = Giant Mug night, Saturdays = $3 u call it from 7pm - 10pm. Check out their website for an exact list. One trick for Lone Star drinkers is to fore-go the Giant Mug of Lone Star. It is a better deal to get two pints for $2.00 than one mug for $4.00. I sometimes get a mug anyways just because I like the feel of it. Somethings never change, The SD had parking problems and so does Little Woodrow's on the drag. There are spots out back, and they are working on getting more, but if you don't park in the street the spot better be cleared marked Little Woodrow's parking. If it isn't you will be towed. So be careful parking. Or you could just walk like I sometimes do. One hour exactly from my house to the front door. It is funny, I used to cheat on the old Showdown with Little Woodrow's on 6th. Now I cheat on Little Woodrow's on 6th with Little Woodrow's on the Drag. Is that incest? No wait, I'm not related. Oh well, I'll still go to both. My wife says it is about time that I stopped living "at" the bar anyways. So I'll see them both every once in a while at least. Welcome home to the drag Little Woodrow's.
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,7/24/2009,146,505,18,7,14>Here is a good story about Antone's: Went to go see a really cool band called Groupo Fantasmo with some friends. I, myself, am not really the concert type -- just not my scene. However, what happened at Antone's is pretty amusing. I was all the way at the stage's proscenium bopping away when a sudden need for space and air overcame me. I excused myself and stood at the front bar, near the door. A guy who I had noticed earlier that night (who seemed too young to be there) was drinking what looked like his 45th beer. He sidled up to the bar, popped his empty bud bottle on it, and grabbed the bartender's tip carafe, turned it upside down and began to shake it -- to make the money come out. When none of it did, he unscrewed the bottom, grabbed the cash and pocketed it! OMG I am a former bartender, so I had to protect my people. So, I went to the bouncer and told him what I saw. OMG, this guy was ready to eat this thief for lunch. All he had to do was find him. The bouncer was relentless. After about 30 minutes, he found me in the crowd to verify that his suspect was the perp. I viewed. I verified. The rest is Antone's history. I do not think this twinky mess will be showing up there again. After great thank yous from the bartenders for saving their stash, I got free tequila shots for the rest of the night. What? Like I was going to insult them by refusing? See... I Yelp, and I fight crime.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2008,7/22/2009,48,112,3,8,6>After seeing five 5-star reviews for a place this close to me I was excited to try it out and T of E did not dissappoint in any respect.  I've only eaten Ethiopian food once before (in DC, which has a large Ethiopian community) and this was even better.  For those who are not familiar with it, imagine Indian food with less heat and the use of different flavors/vegetables than what you're used to (and not greasy).  Eating with your hands becomes second nature after you get started and the Injera, with its unique texture, is quite addictive.  My wife and I had the Sambusas (very similar to Indian somosas), the Ultimate Combo and Kitfo.  It was all very good with very generous portions.  I'd recommend the combo if it's your first time since it covers 6 of the 7 vegetarian dishes they offer.  The Kitfo is the house specialty beef dish and my favorite part of the meal.  I also enjoyed the spiced tea which tastes like "chai" or what some people call "masala tea".As most everyone else has stated, the owner is very friendly, accomodating, and makes you feel like you're eating at her home (reminded me of Nubian Queen Lola's with more seating).  Given enough prior notice, she can even do gluten-free/dairy-free meals.  I can't comment on the buffet since we went on a Sunday night, and that's another aspect I appreciated since they're open daily until 10pm (most restaurants in this area are either closed Sunday or only open through lunch).
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,7/21/2009,11,25,6,7,7>75 cents a cookie if you don't buy it by the dozen - they have the norm flavors - I always stop by for my standard white chocolate. Over time it seemed to evolved though. I walked in for a white chocolate. Then I eventually got two, thinking one was never enough. Then thought "let's throw some ice cream on this baby" and made it the TiffWich - your choice of two cookies with vanilla ice cream slapped in between. Oh Tiff, please give me back my freshmen 15.Sophomore 10 and Junior 5 too, if you will.How I loathe you.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,7/20/2009,522,1205,9,14,13>This morning I spotted the NOW OPEN signs on Mighty Fine; so, all day I was craving warm salty fries. By the end of the day I had worked up a strong craving for fries so this review might be under the influence of a craving - but I am sticking with 4 stars until I am proved wrong. So, after work I rushed home to pick up my Pup then headed over to Mighty Fine to satisfy my craving.... My first impression was that the location was all right (as in it being 5 minutes from my Casa) but all wrong in architectural form - this place needs a free standing building like P Terry not a strip mall location that used to be Ulta?!?! That said they did a great job of turning a cosmetic store into an burger eatery. Inside you will find long cafeteria type tables covered in blue and white checkered table cloths and red metal chairs outside you have the option of eating at wooden picnic tables both stocked with all the condiments you would need in either squeeze bottles or shakers. After watching my skinny fries get crinkle cut and fried up in "100% Trans Fat Free Peanut oil" I sat at one of the outdoor picnic tables and salt and peppered my fries then mixed together some mustard and ketchup from the squeeze bottles - I dipped my fries in a few times but they were so tasty all they needed was a little S&P. I ordered a Strawberry Lemonade to balance all the saltiness and it was just perfect with real bits of strawberry and lemon! I was planning on my french fries being a "snack" but the portion I got was so huge I can not imagine eating anything else anytime soon. My Pup must also love the fries because after the initial lay down stay command and french Frie treat she kept nudging my leg under the table:)
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,7/16/2009,104,177,2,16,15>Frank is awesome! I went here tonight alone after my friend bailed on me...I figured why not try it out and I am sooo glad I did! I sat at the bar and started off by ordering a cocktail, the plantation which consists of grapefruit juice, basil and Hendricks! One of the bartenders there apparently made the entire cocktail list, drinks vary from bacon infused vodka, watermelon and mint with vodka or a prosciutto garnished cocktail. For food I had the poutine (which was very close to the Canadian poutine that I have had) and beer brat. The brat is the best I have had in Austin by far, it was juicy and had a great flavor. The bun is similar to sub bread...it was fresh and chewy...sooo good! They make their hotdogs and sausages fun...you can make any of their dogs into a corn dog or have it wrapped in bacon. The staff at Franks is great, they are attentive, friendly and entertaining. Today was their second official day open which is surprising because they were on their game and it was pretty well-organized. I really hope they will serve the dogs until at least 2am so when you stumble out of one of the bars in the Warehouse district you can stop on by for some drunk hot dogs! Be careful...Frank will make you want to go back...but your waistline might hate you! PS If they have vegetarian items if you aren't into the meat thing!
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2009,7/15/2009,184,302,38,23,21>Let's get this out of the way right off - there is no possible justification for a person of my age and size to be eating at a place which features "Butter Burgers".   Just the name alone keeps me from eating here more regularly -  the constant drumbeat of healthy eating messages from my wife has been worthy of another remake of "The Manchurian Candidate".But... every now and then... when I'm over on the other side of Burnet... I pass that blue and white siren song of a sign, and for just a moment I think, "You haven't had a burger in a while, go for it".  "Just don't tell Veek."As it happens, our preferred lawn mower repair facility is nominally near Culver's on Braker, and my Id beat the crap out of my Ego on both trips - to deliver the mower for repair and to pick it up a week later.I'm a simple guy, nothing fancy for me.  Save your high falootin' flame roasted chicken sandwich, your North Atlantic Cod Filet - I'm here for a Butter Burger.Number One combo with cheese, please, and I'd like a Chocolate shake.These people rival Chik Fil A in their niceness, it doesn't even come across as phony so i suspect they're a cult or something.To tell the honest truth, the burgers are fine, nothing spectacular.  The fries are good, they're crinkle cut, which, let's face it, is just fun to say.  Crinkle Cut.  I'm having my next circumcision done "crinkle cut".But the reason I have much love for Culver's is the shake.  Specifically, the chocolate shake.  The "I have to go lie down for a bit after I eat lunch" shake.  The "Better than P Terry's, better than EZ's, better than just about anyone's" shake.  That thing is a chocolate bomb, and my stomach is the target.  I start sucking on the straw before I'm even out of the drive-through, and don't stop until I hear that noise which so annoys my proper-mannered wife.So give Culver's a try, but don't come running to me when you have 30 extra pounds on your ass, can't get life insurance or stay awake past 9 p.m.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,7/14/2009,724,628,14,16,18>For some reason, there are several things I never seem to be able to remember about this place.I never seem to remember the name.  The Draft House?  The Draught Horse?  The Draft Horse?I never seem to remember what time the kitchen closes - I have to call and ask every. single. time.I never seem to remember which days they have free food, and at what time.  (I just looked on their website, and apparently it's free pizza on Wednesdays and free bratwurst on Saturday.)And I never seem to remember to bring my own lawn chair, to maximize seating potential since the party always seems to spill out into the parking lot.But I always remember what a great place this is for chilling out with friends and having a beer (or, in my case, a Woodchuck Amber, which tastes SO much better out of a tap, BTW).  If you're a beer lover, they have something like 70 beers on draft for you to choose from, including several Draught House (or is it Draft House?) brews and more in bottles, too.  It's very casual, with lots of outdoor seating.  And it's dog-friendly, which I always appreciate.  I only knocked off a star because I wish their kitchen was open later; for some reason, I never seem to catch it before it closes (or before the free food is gone), and am relegated to sating my hunger with Goldfish or bar mix (both of which they also sell).Nevertheless, the Draught Horse...er...House...is high on my list for those days when I want a low-maintenance hangout that's more laid back than Baby Got Back.Now if I could just remember the name...
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,7/13/2009,188,425,10,13,13>I wanna take Red Shed Tavern home to my bed and snuggle it.  After my first visit I was giddy with delight.  Red Shed has some room to grow, (draft beer on tap),  but I see a deep relationship in our future.  Plus they have a sweet long happy hour.Thank you so much for opening south of Ben White.  You do not know how much we need decent bars to drink in.  The girls bathroom is adorable!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,7/12/2009,138,210,7,11,10>There's something oddly soothing about the green-on-green-on-green interior of The Woodland. Went there for lunch today (my first visit, which I kind of can't believe), and the green and wood decor was a nice, cool contrast to the bright glare of the outside. If you go, blow your entire monthly allotment of Weight Watchers points and order the fried cheese curds. As I said to my tablemate after my first ridculously warm and gooey bite,  "I would almost move to Wisconsin for these badboys." Heaven. And the marinara they were served with tasted homemade, and was also very good. I opted for the veggie burger for my entree, and OMFG, y'all. That sucker was HUGE. Even if I HADN'T chowed down on the cheese curds beforehand, there's no way I could've finished this burger and been able to walk out of The Woodland without assistance. When they're badly done, veggie burgers can taste like and have the consistency of moist cardboard. But at The Woodland? Their veggie burger patties are hand made and absolutely bursting with flavor. I only wish I couldv'e finished the whole thing... The fries were quite good too--crunchy, not greasy.I'll be back, Woodland. And next time, I'm saving room for dessert.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,7/11/2009,10,203,2,5,6>Great alternative to all the taco stands and offers more flavor (though fewer menu options) than Lulu B's. The Banh Mi (pork) and Bow-Chick (chicken, der!) both bring the sweet and spicy, tender and crispy. I don't order 'spicy' as I feel the japs can overpower the sammy- and the spring rolls are delicious, but unnecessarily big.Bottom line: it's a f*cking flavor party you don't want to miss.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,7/9/2009,4221,482,44,27,24>I had one helluva experience at The Jackalope recently, here's the low-down verbatim:  Me (back in the kitchen): Hey, so is this where I put in a burger order?Cooks:  Fu*k yeah it is!Me:  Well fu*k an aye dude, is it 2 for 1 today too? Cooks:  Hell fu*kin' yeah it is!Me:  Damn that's fu*kin' great!Cooks:  Hell fu*kin' yeah it is!Me:  I'll order the Bacon n' Cheese, but can't decide between the Four Chili Peppers or the Mushroom burgerCooks:  You want the fu*kin' 4 chili pepper for sure.  Now do you fu*kin' want fries with that? Me:  Fu*k yeah I do - waffles please.  I think I'm going to order a drink too. Cooks:  Well since you're so fu*kin' cool, it's on us!  Me:  Fu*k yeah!  (I pour a Sprite from the fountain - - and it's flat) - - well there's nothing like flat fu*kin' pop, but who gives a fu*k since it was free!Cooks:  We gotta change out the fu*kin' Co2 - that will fix it.  That'll be $8.63.  Me:  Fu*k yeah!  Now I gotta tip you guys - how about 30%?  Cooks:  Fu*k yeah!!!  Thanks!!!Me:  So are you going to fu*kin' bring it to me - or do I have to do some exercise and come back to get it?  Cooks:  Yeah, you look like you could use some fu*kin' exercise, so come back in 20 minutes.  Oh - BTW - the burgers were superb, and the waffle fries were excellent - fresh and hot.  I had bacon on my burger this time, and I'm telling you - they're BETTER than Hut's!!  Way better.  You may have to clean your own table, and you won't hear a lot of "please" or "thank yous" , but you come here for the hilarious fu*kin' cooks, excellent burgers, drinks and music.  This place ROCKS!!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/13/2008,7/8/2009,141,179,,21,15>Keep going east on MLK and the landscape opens up. You might miss it if you blink: the drive to White Egret Farm, home of the famous  Probiogurt yogurt.And I mean FAMOUS. This is a raw goat milk product, fermented on site and packed in glass jars. People from all over the country special order this product based on the recommendations of Dr. Jordan Rubin. According to his book, Patient Heal Thyself, Ruben healed himself from Crohn's disease using this pro biotic-packed yogurt, among other things.I visited the farm in person, rather than sign up for their delivery service because I had heard reports that their delivery service was unreliable. I had also heard reports from friends elsewhere that they were charged for product not shipped. I suspected that this small farm was overwhelmed by  the outpouring of interest generated by Rubin's bestsellers.The farm itself was a typical farm. Named for long-gone cattle egrets, the road to the collection of barns and out buildings was bumpy and dusty. We were greeted by a manager/hand who welcomed us to tour the property. The goats were kept in generous corralled areas, eating alfalfa, grass, leaves etc. We saw some newborn kids in a clean penned area (well, clean for farm animals). I bought a case of their famous yogurt and took it home. Very tart. Totally saved my life during my first trimester with my second child. Completely. Quashed all queasiness and left me feeling well nourished. They also sell meat, milk, soap and other products.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,7/7/2009,344,274,11,19,24>One of my favorite places to work.  Good atmosphere, great iced mocha, and comfortable... especially if you can snag one of the beat-up throne chairs in the corner.Yesterday Nina had my drink waiting for me when I got to the counter.  How cool is that?
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,7/6/2009,52,148,7,8,8>~~~~~~~~~~~ETA: Okay, I feel a bit silly. They served their 'petite' cupcakes for the freebie night. So their regular sized cupcakes are $2.75, *not* the petite ones. For that, I'm adding a star.~~~~~~~~~~~~My husband and I headed down to Delish last night for free cupcakes and champagne. We were both looking forward to trying new cupcakes (STILL LOVE YOU SUGAR MAMA!!) and had high hopes for new and unique flavors. The cupcakes are about the size of a silver dollar. No lie. And they cost $2.75. I was shocked. The flavors are your standard fair for the most part. I did try the s'more cupcake, which was pretty decent. I appreciated the perfectly toasted marshmallow 'frosting' that was still warm and the graham cracker 'crust' at the bottom of the cupcake. My husband had the strawberry cupcake with chocolate frosting. He liked it, I did not. The space is small but well appointed. I adored the art they had on display; totally want to buy it all! I was impressed with the 4 flavors of Dry soda they offered as well as coffee drinks. I just can't get over the silver dollar cupcakes...for TWO SEVENTY FIVE. That settles it for me; I'm never cheating on Sugar Mama's again.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,7/5/2009,151,367,12,12,12>Attempt number 300 is dedicated to my friend and ally, Vino Vino, for it is she who called us back home to Austin, kissed us on our cheeks when we were all pie-eyed, and bog-eyed, and cross-eyed living in the  badlands of the far, far southwestern desert.  Now VV is our brightly shining local, with its smartly arranged wine wall, mussels/frites delirium, and beautifully arranged backyard outpost, hidden from even the keenest of patrons.VV's warm cosset is spectacular for two or twelve and moreover, is mindful of economics, so please, do not hesitate to pick one or two or three of the many sensible options from the racks, which appear to ripen above you like cocoons of jammy juice.The rich and glossy oaken bar can handle the most intimate of events, while the long, resourceful community tables remain jovial for most of the night.  Patrons here are even lovely, mindful to the fact that their surroundings are both romantic and festive.Overall, VV is the pearl of Hyde Park and will continue to develop in popularity until they open diluted satellite branches in Cedar Park and Southpark Meadows.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,7/4/2009,55,80,15,13,12>I am in shape.  I may not have a perfect body (cause I really like to eat entire pizzas at one time) or anything but I am in pretty good condition.  Well I decided to "wing it" and do the Capital of Texas olympic distance triathlon this weekend.  I thought "eh, I can muscle through anything" and that would be it.  Ok well maybe it would be a good idea to not drown and so I went and did the Splash-n-Dash at Pure Austin Quarry Lake to get a bit of swimming practice in and there, surrounded by people in fancy gear, I realized I looked ridiculous in just a basic bathing suit.  Although comfortable in my suit, I was self-concious as I ran around the lake in nothing but a swimsuit and sneakers.  So today I grit my teeth and went off to buy some tri clothes.  I HATE spending money on gear.  I just want to go play and I don't like having to invest my paycheck into a sport.  I went to one store and left quickly after being frustrated with with high prices and realizing that somehow the tri-shorts made my athletic body look like an athletic sea lion's body.  Off to Austin Tri-Cyclist I went instead.There a lady was so attentive and helped me to find the exact fit I needed.  She knew the inventory and the pros and cons of each item and prevented me from having to try on too many items.  And the ones that she did give me ended up ALL being contenders too.  While trying to decide what to buy she worked with me on my budget and even was willing to modify the return policy for me, as a special favor, because I was so uncomfortable committing.  So now that I have fancy gear that I am vaguely comfortable in I guess I need to do more triathlons to make it worth it.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,7/3/2009,136,153,15,10,11>Either I have been living in some sort of Faux-Indian fantasy world, in which I believed the Indian food I was eating was delicious beyond measure and incomparable to anything else, or Bombay Bistro is just better than where my bar was set at prior.Never before had I felt compelled to bum-rush a buffet and, brandishing a crude weapon made of the "Please wait to be seated" sign and a collection of forks I've taped around its edge, fend off hungry patrons while my wife filled white bags with giant "$" on them with the buffet's offerings (Because this food is money, yo) before making our getaway. Fortunately none of that occurred and we can actually go back. For a strip mall Indian buffet (Ok, so its my second strip mall Indian buffet) the food was very good. There were several things to try and each selection was just as good as the last. We'll definitely be going back...preferably with some sort of smuggling apparatus under our clothes for "take home". (Not really.) (Ok, possibly.)
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,7/2/2009,163,53,15,12,9>Emily...my dear...the only girl besides mom and grandma who has seen my girly parts...I thank you and your suggestion to use "wax and relax". Your two positions (I like to call the butterfly and knees to your chin) are the best for a bare brazilian.  I never thought I would give 5 stars to having the hair ripped out by the roots from my most sensitive and coveted place, but there they are: 5 bright and shiny stars.  Yes it is all relative, but if you have to get it done folks, look no further than Emily at Ann Kelso.  The "not" boyfriend and I thank you for the smooth weeks ahead.Cheers to the 5 minute brazilian wax!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,7/1/2009,239,180,5,12,7>Well, a star falls, people.  Last night I went with some friends and brought my 6 week old baby.  It does happen to be June in Texas, which means baby gets heat rash lickety split.  All this translates to a need for indoor seating.  Except... it was REALLY loud inside!  There weren't that many people in there, it was the music that was seriously blaring.  I figured we could go ahead and sit outdoors since the sun was going down and there was a nice breeze after all.  My friends insisted on asking the staff to simply turn the music down.  Here's what our waitress told us (after saying "what??" because it was TOO LOUD TO HEAR THE REQUEST THE FIRST TIME...  First of all, she looked all dubious and kinda shrugged and said, "Yeah... not really because, uh, yeah, uh... I guess I can ask"Curious.She returned to tell us again that it wasn't possible because the owners were there.  What does that even MEAN?  That the staff is more willing to comply with the customers' requests than the owners?  Really?We went outside and sweated it out, but I just found that whole scenario a bit suspect.  Oh, and it's not like we were the lame fogies in the corner trying to shut down the disco.  There were like 2 other couples in there (ours was a larger group) and it wasn't exactly party mode in there.Anyways, star.  Fallen.  That is all.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,6/30/2009,474,618,4,26,19>Oh happy happy dance!!!!Newflower gets an extra star from me just for location. I will pass this place twice a day on my way to and from work. I could even pop in here on my lunch break to grab a healthy lunch.The store is not as big as Whole Foods or Central Market, but that makes it pretty easy to navigate and find what you are looking for. I inspected the cheese selection, and was happy to see some aged Gouda and Manchego.The sushi looks to be on par with Central Market, and maybe just slightly cheaper. I'm not sure how many of the prices were "Grand Opening" specials, but there were several items I found to be cheaper than HEB. I almost picked up a bottle of Pinot Grigio that was on sale for $5.My only critique was the flower selection. I love having fresh flowers in my house and was disappointed to only have a couple of choices. Them seem to make up for that with a nice selection of prepared foods.Update: I just found out that Wednesdays are the best days to go, for "Double Ad Wednesday". This is when their new ads come out. So they honor the sales from the previous week and the upcoming week.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2008,6/29/2009,739,709,28,21,25>If you are a vampire, or are dating a vampire, or maybe you are thinking about wandering the dark streets of downtown Austin alone one nite* with a low cut blouse and an alluring perfume in the hopes of attracting a tall, dark, mysteriously handsome man who will then enfold you in his cold embrace and you will tilt your head back invitingly so he can penetrate deeper as he sinks his fangs into your warm throat, crushing his cold, hard body against yours, draining the last sweet drop of life from you only to give it back, making you immortal. Then with excitement you will face a new lifetime of wonders with this man, who looks now to be around 200 years old but you're sure he has much to teach you and you are grateful to him for this greatest gift. Until 200 years later you wake up one evening and say to yourself, "What was I thinking???" cause he farts in the casket every morning, he still flirts with women 500 years younger than he is, and his stock portfolio sux cause he still wants to pay for everything with schillings and is completely flummoxed by plastic money. Then, maybe then, you will look back and say, "Damn, shoulda had that Bacon Pizza at the Alamo cause it's LOADED with garlic." Last nite I stumbled on brilliance. Bacon Pizza (heavenly choir sings). Add some sangria and you have the 3 basic food groups--booze, pork, and bread. Amazing. But unfortunately they killed the joy with an overload of garlic. I do love garlic, and with my first bite I was pleasantly surprised by crunching into a clove. Yum. Second bite, I thought, wow, lots of garlic. Third bite I thought, uh-oh. Couldn't finish it. But still have love for the Alamo, course! Sa da tey, my main damies! *Would NOT recommend walking around this area alone after dark for anyone. Within 2 blocks of Ritz, hubby and I were accosted 5 times for money. City Coucil wake up!! Or 6th st will no longer be the tourist attraction you claim it is!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2009,6/28/2009,562,618,3,4,3>I've found my new summer love in Austin .. and it involves soft ice, syrup, and cream..  The ice is so effin soft.. its like manna falling down from heaven to satisfy my oh so sinful sno cone tendencies!!! My goal this summer is to try every combination possible.. er wait maybe thats not possible.. considering there are about 60 flavors and tolerable max of 3 flavors per sno cone. Thats (60*59*58)/3! = 34,220 possible combinations!! We only have 92 days this summer so I'd have to get 371 sno cones a day to hit that magical number!! Talk about a major literal and figurative brain freeze!and Word to the wise.. Get cream with your sno cone! It makes it so much better! I'm down with Watermelon with cream, Pina Colada with cream, Blue Hawaiian with cream, Wedding Cake & Strawberry with cream.. and you get the idea.. i'm losing my beach body eating sno beach all the time.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2008,6/27/2009,246,167,31,6,26>I was having a solitary drink at the bar one night, having told Carlos the bartender, "I need a little" with just a gesture.  My Irish whiskey came quickly, and the beer that chased it was tall, cheap and cold.  That's when I heard a growl in my ear from the fella next to me.  "You know that guy?" he asked, the sneer in his gravelly voice unmistakable.I didn't even need to look up from my glass to see whom he was talking about.  Maggots like him are always looking for trouble.  "Yeah, that's Dirty Bill.  You wanna be looking some place else, cully."Dirty Bill's gaze, meanwhile, never wavered.The wanna-be tough guy chuckled unconvincingly under his breath, which was as foul as a witch's bung whole.  "Don't look like much to me," he growled.  "Well, that's his way," I said, feigning disinterest but switching my glass to my left hand all the same, letting my right fall near the butt of the big iron on my hip.  "This is his place, after all, I suppose he can look how he likes."  I finished my whiskey, setting the glass on the bar and giving the mouthy stranger next to me a hard look.  He was ugly, all right, with mean dullard's eyes, dirt on his neck and teeth that looked as nasty as his breath smelled.  I shifted my gaze back right, making that gesture again, the index finger of my hand touching the thumb, moving slightly up and down as if to say, Just a touch more, barkeep, No need to be a hero.  My hands said that, but my eyes shot Carlos a glance that warned him that trouble was brewing.  Carlos recognized both my drink order and my concern, and shot his own look at both Dirty Bill and the stranger.Dirty Bill's gaze still never wavered.  And that's when it happened."Hell, if was wearing that stupid lookin' hat on that stupid lookin' head, I'd be findin' ..."My right hand moved with speed that baffled the eye, clearing blued steel from leather in a rush, the left hand never dropping the whiskey.   The cocking of the hammer silenced the bar like a church.  The maggot stopped mid-sentence as he felt the cold steel of the barrel pressed against his cheek.  His eyes widened in stupid surprise, though his sneer never left his face."Now you want to watch your mouth, maggot.  Dirty Bill's is a nice place, despite it's blue collar feel and laid back vibe.  This might look like neighborhood bars in New York or Chicago, and the drinks may be cheaper than anywhere on West 6th, but you need to remember that this is Austin, and Dirty Bill, he's got friends.  Just take a look around."The maggot's eyes flitted about the bar, and now real fear opened on his face like a blooming rose, as he saw the myriad of eyes looking down at him now, all Dirty Bill's friends."Finish up, and move on, " I said, " or you're gonna meet one of Dirty Bill's friends that you don't wanna, maggot.  That'd be Mr. .45 long Colt."  I sipped my whiskey coolly, and when the maggot shifted nervously out of the bar, I holstered my iron without another word.Through it all, Dirty Bill's gaze never wavered.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,6/26/2009,178,69,20,24,19>oh Hai! Just when I thought the only things available on Oltorf were erratic driving and jaywalking moms pushing their babies in strollers across the road at midnight, I found out about a restaurant from a foodie hair stylist. a fantastic pho, she promised, at a really good price, in a very clean and cozy refuge amongst the noise and haste. I was so impressed with this place, I commented on the food and wait staff and atmosphere during our entire meal. the wait staff - outfitted in immaculately clean, fitted and fashionably black tee shirts, their own jeans and cool sneaks - they're friendly, fast, attentive and polite. one even caught us as we were walking out the door to smile and thank us for tidying up our own table.  our orders were served to us within 5 minutes of ordering - and the place wasn't empty, it was jumpin'. atmosphere - cozy, a little hip (i'm glad it's not on south congress, lamar or 1st or it would somehow lose its charm and/or street cred) and a lot mellow despite the tables around us that kept filling up. the walls are painted with warm colors and are decorated with local photography and wee paintings. even the lighting in here is nice - they have big paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling that cast a relaxing glow when they turned the lights down. I can't remember the last time I thought of an inexpensive Vietnamese joint as a little romantic. there are tables lined up facing the window, bar style, perfect for dining solo. there are also plenty of four tops for couples and groups, and a long table in the middle for a big party. the wooden tables and chair were squeeky clean and well-kept, as were the plates and utensils. you could eat off any surface in this restaurant, it was so clean. the smell:  how do they cook up this much food - fried and otherwise - and yet...when we left the restaurant, we didn't have so much as a whiff of the menu on our clothes? they must have a great ventilation system back in the kitchen. the price:  a couple could dine here for under $15 and leave full to the hilt, but not feeling gross or uncomfortably stuffed. the food:  I ordered the #13 pho bowl with round eye steak, Matthew ordered a vermicelli bowl with pork and we shared an order of spring rolls.  everything in our orders were made with super fresh, high quality ingredients and was beautifully presented. they have the best pho I've had in Austin by far, the shrimp spring rolls were fat (circumference-wise) and tasty, and Matthew turned a blind eye when i went in for my fourth fork-full of his delicious vermicelli bowl with tender, perfectly seasoned pork. we both knew before we even left, Hai Ky is going to the be the answer to the question 'what's for dinner tonight?'  we'll be loving Hai Ky long time.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,6/25/2009,124,118,24,23,22>One of my favorite childhood roller rink memories includes screaming girls (and some boys too) jumping up and down in skates waiting to see Kerry von Erich's bare (nekked) chest when the D.J. would play Survivor's Eye of The Tiger. Oh, you remember the von Erichs. You can't have been female, alive and living in Texas in the late 70s and early 80s without knowing who the von Erichs were. Kerry was generally considered the best looking one while his brother Kevin came in a close second. Tweens from across the state fantasized daily about at least one of these wrestling brothers (there were six of them!) and argued with each other during recess about which imaginary von Erich "belonged" to which girl (I still don't understand what that was supposed to mean)...Anywho, Kerry made a music video to Eye of the Tiger back in 1982, and I thought it was really racy to see his nekked chest displayed like that on, what I thought, was a really big screen. I remember that the lights would dim then the projector screen would lower. I would scoot to the edge of the floor with my friends because we would most certainly bust our butts if we had to skate *and* swoon at the same time. We stood together speechless as images of Kerry's nekked chest blended into that of a tiger running down some dinner then back to Kerry running in slow-motion...When it was over, I would share my inhaler with my friends, and we would return to the rink, pushing and shoving each other and refusing to acknowledge that we were growing up. I told you that story in order to tell you this one because we're all grown now, and I feel like I should be blunt about my plight.My right arm was recently broken. Reference above anecdote and draw a reasonable conclusion as to how I broke my arm. I am right-handed. My arm is currently wrapped in a hot pink cast from the palm of my hand to well past my elbow. This is a predicament. Watching me attempt to clasp my bra each morning, for now, has got to be a Hi-larious sight. I've so far settled on these simple steps to get the job done. I first grab one end of my bra with my left hand and, while leaning left, toss the other side around my body, kind of like casting a fishing line in a circle. I do this a few times before it takes and am able to use my cast to hold that side in place. I slowly rise and tuck the other side under my left elbow while simultaneosly using my left hand to stabilize the part under the cast...then I squirm around a bunch. Somehow, eventually,  I am finally able to get the damned thing clasped and around and through the cast. My hair is getting washed (sort of) in my kitchen sink. In order to bathe, I wedge my scrubby thing between my left hip and the side of the tub then grab, again with my left hand, the bar of soap and am somehow able to create enough friction to produce a sufficient amount of lather on the scrubbie. So far I've learned that, on my own, I cannot floss my teeth. I cannot scrub under my left arm well enough and I certainly can't shave it. Oh, and today I learned I can't open catsup packages.You should see me now, typing all of these words, slowly and with my left hand. This too looks quite silly. I've been working on this review for several hours now, actually (slow work day).But you know what, that's all just a temporary distraction. What's important is that Dr. Francois Gordon is such an amazing E.R. doctor that my sheered radius and split joint he put back together Tuesday night was set perfectly, according to my orthopedic doctor, Dr. Burns. Burns said Gordon set my arm better than Burns set his own daughter's arm! I am also typing all of these words as a celebration to all of the wonderful care I received at Seton because my memory of the event is shady. If I remembered enough details about that night, I would love to share all of them, one awkward letter at a time. Instead, you got the aftermath. I do remember Dr. Gordon, who moved to Austin to play tennis, Matthew, who's going to school to be a doctor, Shardae, who's grace was abundant, and Toni, a red-headed angel. Toni was so funny. At one point, while she was sharing plans with my friend, I heard her say something about "another trauma" and "moving" me. When she came back into the room, I asked if there was trauma coming. She said back to me, "Sweetheart, tonight, you *are* my trauma." And then she let out this warm laugh. And then I laughed. That may very well be one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to me.Time spent writing this: four hours. Time spent at Seton: about the sameSeton, your staff is amazing. Thank you for carefully staffing your hospital with the best nurses, doctors, techs and assistants in this city.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,6/23/2009,315,273,13,17,16>I am nothing if not resilient.  So when my favorite restaurant in Austin closed 6 days ago, I decided to fill the void.My new favorite restaurant is now Taverna.  This is so much more a nature fit as Italian is my favorite food. We started with the Tagliere.  Mortadella (my absolute favorite), Prosciutto, Sopressata, Parmesan, Speck &  Polenta Crostini  it was great, but it is sodium overload with all the meats. I had the Tagliata di Manzo for my main course.  That is the 7 oz. Pan Seared Beef Tenderloin, Served Sliced with Arugula, Extra Virgin Olive Oil & Roasted Potatoes.  It was very good.For Dessert the Taverna Tiramisu.  I loved the chocolate chips in it.  At least that's what I think they were.  Whatever, it was delicious.The restaurant was cozy.  They were going to have us sitting in the center, but Jess spoke up.  There was no need to be up on every one else like that.  The hostess mentioned that at brunch you can scarcely walk through the place.  I wanted to say 'thanks for the warning'.  That will make me never want to go there for brunch. I will definitely be back to sample several things on the menu that we did not try tonight.  Pizza al Gorgonzola, Pera e Arugula, I have my eye on you!!!
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,6/21/2009,253,502,7,14,11>Brunch at Olivia today was only my second time to check it out. I'm still  on the fence about Olivia, and if it weren't for the fried chicken my friend ordered today, I'd probably give it 3 stars.The design of the space is so awesome, I absolutely love everything about it, especially the color scheme. I love the color scheme (charcoal gray and a limey green) so much I'm thinking about going in there with paint chips to try and match it for my bedroom of the future . Olivia doesn't serve liquor (note to self, don't take Nana there as she can't get scotch, and that is BAD), so bloody mary's weren't on the menu this morning. Bloody beer was but I wasn't in the mood. Coffee was nice enough.The shrimp and grits were good, but not great. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, with heads on, and served in a tomatoey BBQ sauce atop a bed of smoked gouda grits. The grits were probably stone ground and were bigger than what I'm used to. It was fine, just not what I expected.My friend ordered the fried chicken, and that was outrageously good. I'll go back for that for sure because it's phenomenal, some of the best I've had in Austin for sure. The potato salad that came with it was really tasty as well, and I'm not even a big fan of potato salad. We also got an order of toast with lemon curd because I love lemon curd so much I would take a bath in it if it weren't too pricey to do so. We were perplexed that the toast was cinnamon raisin toast because lemon curd...well, I mean, don't you think that's odd? I'd have liked it better with a plainer toast. Still, I ate a spoonful of the curd. YUM.All in all, I liked this brunch. The other time I went to Olivia, I went for dinner when it had first opened. I thought what I had was OK, and what my friends had was OK as well. Then I went home and got wretchedly ill, but that wasn't Olivia's fault, it turned out I had the flu, just a poorly timed version of it. Still, bad association, so it took me a while to get back. And now I know I'll be back in the future even if it's only for some damned tasty fried chicken.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/23/2008,6/20/2009,27,17,14,5,7>I stopped by my friend's office one afternoon and, despite my lack of hunger, was easily persuaded to sample a piece of deep dish Mangia Mia that was leftover from lunch.  All I can say is that if three-hour old, room temperature pizza can taste this good, a fresh-from-the-oven pie would probably necessitate a change of underwear.  Although I tend towards a low profile thin crust pizza, the layering of textures creates a perfectly balanced cross-sectioned bite.On a side note, because this is stuffed deep dish pizza and the sauce is on top, things can get a little messy and it only takes a few bites to develop a noticeable sauce-stache.  But it does lay some fertile ground for jokes about earning your red wings and manginas; a wonderful complement to your dining experience.  Because who doesn't love a little gross sexual humor with their pizza?  I know I do.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,6/19/2009,105,47,,11,8>I was pleasantly impressed with the lunch portions here. I played it safe and got the Bulgoki lunch box. For $6.95, it's one of the best value lunches I've had in a long time. This comes with Miso soup, an egg roll, california roll, salad and a standard assortment of Korean side dishes for the table to share.The food was very tasty and the service was good.  The rest of my lunch party all ordered the BiBimBap without looking at the menu. It looked really good and I will likely try that next time I go in.It's a strip-mall atmosphere and doesn't really have any unique character, but it's no-frills Korean food with a strong push on their sushi.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,6/17/2009,467,441,6,12,12>What a great concept!  Here are the steps you take: 1.)  Choose your dough 2.)  Choose your cookie size 3.)  Choose up to three add ons for your cookie (ranging from dried fruits, to all sorts of nuts, to lots of different candies) 4.)  Write all of this information on the order form and pass it along to the person waiting behind the counter.Eight or so minutes later, you have a delicious, decadent, HOT cookie.You can also choose to drizzle your cookie with syrups or get it a la mode.  This is the kind of place that I felt compelled to order a cup of milk to go with the oh-so-tasty wild blueberry and white chocolate chip cookie.  My partner ordered his cookie and it was accidentally made wrong.  They graciously offered to make him another, the way he wanted it, and he got to keep the original cookie.This place is pretty fabulous for a once in a while visit, as $11 for two cookies, a milk, and a Fresca is pretty wallet squeezing.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,6/16/2009,44,37,8,8,8>My husband introduced me to the owner as the man handed me a fresh, hot glazed doughnut. I took a bite and was so overcome with its deliciousness, I blew him a kiss. He told me that he sells 400 dozen doughnuts, every single day--for 29 years he added. As I did a little math and then took another mind expanding bite of hot doughnut, I asked the owner--an Indian guy in his 50's or 60's--when he slept. He said only 3 hours a day, he goes home during the day, and sleeps just a little. I remarked that Mother Theresa also only slept 3 hours a day. "Do you know Mother Theresa?" I asked. I put my hands together like a prayer and said her name again. He laughed and said, 'oh yes, I know her.' I joked and told him that maybe he is a saint like her. He shrugged and smiled. "Maybe you're the patron saint of doughnuts." I took another big bite of insanely delicious free doughnut, and said, 'well, I'm a believer.'
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,6/15/2009,57,76,11,7,12>I'm at Opal Devine's trying to do some "work".  Although I've moved and left my job, I have something really important that is overdue and I feel really obligated to send off before I truly say Sionara!  Unfortunately this is the closest beer to my new apartment, and it's "Two for Texas" Wednesday, which means that all of their Texas beers are $2.50 from open to close.  That spells trouble for me.  I'm on my third pint and seriously having trouble getting my work completed.  Clearly this is true.  I'm Yelping.  So, I'm a sucker for all things local.  When I lived in Oregon, I strictly drank Oregon beer.  Granted we had many to choose from.  I really tried to drink local spirits as well since Portland was starting to get into the micro-distillery thang too.  Now that I'm in Austin, I'm really trying to sample the Austin beers, so "Two for Texas!" was the perfect time for me to be at Opal's.  I'm currently on pint 3 from Live Oak.  I'm enjoying the beer, and have tried their Hefeveizen, IPA and Ale.  Although I didn't eat (who needs food when you have beer?), it seemed like the food was your standard pub fare.  It seemed like it would be good, but I have a hard time with pub food...  Plus I was too focused on the beer, I mean my "work".  Oh, hot damn.  This place is too close to my apartment.  It's gonna be dangerous relationship.  I'm a fan.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2008,6/14/2009,465,228,16,6,7>Once upon a time I lived with a crazy girl in a condo downtown. One day she needed money and stole a bunch of my favorite shirts and vintage superstars and took them to buffalo exchange. She was able to get over $200 for my fashionable stash. Needless to say I was quite upset and had to get revenge and also sold her clothes there a few weeks later but only got a measly $100 for several pounds of her trashy attire. All in all a great value whether you are buying or selling, and always crazy "keep Austin weird types" working there. So if you need a quick buck some cool threads or just a way to get revenge Buffalo is the place.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,6/13/2009,392,291,55,8,11>So it had been a while since I'd gone on a date with Shannon. She likes to play hard-to-get and mysteriously move locations. I would see her around town occasionally with some guy she claimed to be her boyfriend. I wasn't really buying it because she would look at me seductively through her horned-rimmed glass and say "Hi Camron, let me introduce you to my boyfriend."  Girls lie about that crap all the time to build jealousy scenarios. I bet he's her brother.We met at Method and I was somewhat skeptical at first about the layout. The chairs were awful close together and I was afraid others would eavesdrop on our date. Apparently the others had their own problems to worry about.Shannon takes me to the back and starts running her fingers through my hair. She really knows how to push my buttons. When she is done lathering me up and massaging my scalp she begins to cut my hair and asks me how my life has been since our last date. I make up a couple stories about girls I've been seeing, because I am also privy to the jealousy scenario.I then invite her to a party where my band is playing the next day in hopes that she would swoon upon seeing me onstage. I'm pretty sure she's into the rock-n-roll type because she's got some tattoos. I think I made her laugh about 10 times, so I would consider this a quality date. I'm sure she would say yes if I asked her out again. I think I'll give it a couple months though because I've got a line of girls forming outside my door already.Shannon didn't show up to my show, but she did leave a message on my Facebook page about how she tried to make it but couldn't get her shoelaces ironed fast enough. There she goes again with the hard-to-get.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,6/12/2009,40,84,3,8,7>Wow, how have I gone this long without trying Gypsy?  OK, let me set the record straight here:  I'm embroiled in a love affair with a certain Italian restaurant pair that sits on S. Congress.  I have been for 2 years and probably will be until they drag my corpse off the bar stool, my cold hand still clutching a glass of limoncello.  However, my theory on food and sex remains that variety is good for both.  You don't want to go to the same well too many times, otherwise what was once special can become boring.  So when some discount coupons for Gypsy appeared in my hands, I decided to give it a shot.  It went well.Two vegetarians walk into an italian restaurant and see an abundance of meat dishes.  Do we turn around and walk out?  No!  We muster on and try the veggie dishes.  For a starter, we wound up sharing the wild mushroom terrine.  The taste was good, but it could have used some toasted bread rounds or something to eat with.  Luckily I kept a piece of bread handy, and was able to enjoy the terrine with a slice of soft italian loaf.  I do think the cranberry compote was a little out of place on this dish, but didn't throw it off too far.On to main dishes.  I enjoyed the puttanesca (sans anchovies), while my buddy had the eggplant tien.  The eggplant looked good, and the gnocchi of the day that was served alongside was very rich.  My puttanesca was just right.  So often, restaurants don't put enough capers in this dish.  I find that the capers are what really give it a nice zing.  This dish might have pushed us to 5 stars with the substitution of pasta made in-house, but it was very good for what was served. Dessert?  Well, why not!  My buddy opted for the tiramisu, after I told him that it's the only true way to judge an Italian restaurant.  I went with the limoncello creme brulee.  After trying a bite of the tiramisu, I needed new pants.  It was just perfect:  the ladyfingers were soaked in espresso, not weak coffee; the creme was lightly sweetened and airy, and there was a pleasant dusting of cocoa on top.  My creme brulee?  Also outstanding.  The creme was very delicate, with a slight lemon flavor that wasn't too overpowering.  The caramelized sugar top met all expectations, which is to say it covered the entire dish and not just a little section.  Will I return?  Yes.  Will I forsake my love affair with the other Italian restaurants?  No.  I think I might have to try this place for brunch!  Also, I'm awaiting the opening of the small patio on the roof (and sub-90 degree temperatures to make rooftop dining bearable).
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2009,6/10/2009,52,293,3,10,8>The Good:  :: it's a new sushi train and it's a lot of fun with friends to sit around and eat and blab  :: lots of seating around the sushi train. make a point to sit closest to the sushi chefs, whether on the outside or the inside. that way you will be able to talk to them and tell them what you like and don't like  :: if you don't see it on the train doesn't mean they can't make it or don't have it.  we were able to tell the waitress what we were looking for, and they made it for us (smelt roe nigiri)  :: service was really really nice  :: lots of options to choose from. go with the salmon nigiri, the seaweed salad, the baked green mussels, anything with smelt roe on top  :: if you want, you can sit on the regular restaurant side of the place, where they have japanese style dining and seating, with people taking off their shoes and kneelingThe Bad:  :: overpriced for the quality of food you get, without a doubt  :: we saw things go round and round that didn't get taken off the belt. how long does that stuff normally sit on there before they say ok let's retire this plate???  :: no ice under the belt that i could see to keep sushi cool. how does the fish stay safe to eat if it's been going round and round for 2+ hours??  :: only 2 types of sake: one type of hot, and one type of cold.   :: the way the nigiri was done wasn't the most proper way.  the fish just kind of sat in a slice on top of the rice. not how it's supposed to be.   :: the rice wasn't the best rice i've had. not horrible, just not the bestThe Ugly:  :: noneWould I go back? Maybe. It was a fun experience to have with friends, but if you go, make sure to remember that's what the big selling point of the place is: the experience.  Not the food. This place is IN (but not entirely enthusiastically).
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,6/8/2009,24,176,1,11,7>i am so happy to have found out about this place! Again, thank you fellow Yelpers!I called to make my appt for highlights and a cut. The stylist, who is about halfway through the 1500 hours the program requires, did a really nice job brightening up my hair with highlights. She consulted with a supervisor who suggested something different than what she planned (being new to this i did not exactly follow-10v vs 20v), and then later, before we rinsed, she consulted with her neighbor for tips with toner. She wrote it all down, too, for next time. I thought she did a nice job cutting my hair (a basic trim) but again consulted with the supervisor a bit over my bangs. That she was willing to ask for advice is a positive sign in my book --my hair looks great! i am really satisfied with the quality, not to mention the price! i will sooo be going back!
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,6/7/2009,238,365,15,11,13>The waiter brought us our purple rice pudding. It is delicious, but it could use a little more...The waiter looks at us. We make eye contact. He notices that we are devouring our dessert with a sense of yearning? He strolls over. Would you like more coconut sauce?Oh yes, more please. He brings us more sauce. It makes everything exponentially better. Overall, I am pleased with this addition to the Parmer area. We've been lacking a solid Thai restaurant for awhile, so it warms my heart knowing that I can get a solid bowl of pad thai without having to go very far. The place is clean and moderately decorated; the service was fast and pleasant; and the food was solid. The only problem I can think of: having the will power to walk past Tomo to eat here instead. Decisions, decisions.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,6/6/2009,704,840,12,20,17>Hands down the best queso in Austin.  Connie blends delicious cheeses, strips of green chilies and chipotle peppers together to create a most heavenly dish.  I would like to bathe in it myself.Get the queso with the scoop of guacamole.  It is a wonderful combination with the cheeses and chilies plus it cools down the smoke of the chipotles.During our last visit, I had the queso fresco enchiladas in chile ancho sauce and they tasted like those I used to eat in Mexico.  Oh Connie...where have you been all my life!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,6/5/2009,392,147,38,24,28>I wanted to hate this place, I really did.With its hip location, its annoying hype, and its paradoxical promise of "fancy barbecue", Lambert's had all the makings of a pompous and overrated downtown restaurant.Lambert's, you let me down, you bastard.  You don't suck.  The building and atmosphere are quite lovely.  The menu has an abundance of promising items, including traditional Texas cue and otherwise.  And the barbecue is choice.  Not Lockhart choice, but like, seriously pretty damned good.  What the hell, Lambert's!What I really wanted was tacky décor, slow service, an overpriced menu, mediocre food, and a douchey clientele just begging for ridicule.  Instead, all I got was stylish ambience, attentive service, scrumptious appetizers, intelligent conversation, and a delicious plate of brisket. All this, just to deny me what is rightfully mine - a righteous yelp review filled with witty one-liners, outrageous satire, and impudent, profanity-laced mockery.Thanks a lot, assholes!
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2008,6/4/2009,67,104,9,10,10>There's no such thing as a diet when you go to Dan's Hamburgers. Throw that idea right out of your head cause all they serve up here are carbs and grease.  Carbs and Grease = gooooood stuff. My husband usually picks up breakfast from this place on Saturday mornings. Do not attempt to go there in the morning and get served quickly. This place is ALWAYS packed in the mornings. Call it in and pick it up. Save the hassle. The place is dirty and like Dawn B. said, needs a bleach bath but the food is the bomb. Fro reals.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,6/3/2009,91,169,5,18,13>I love old fashioned cocktails that are made with care, and The Good Knight delivers like a champ on that end. Between our party of 6, I believe that we sampled almost all of the cocktails on their specialty list. My favorite was the Sazerac (big surprise...that is my drink of choice at home) and their Paris Manhattan. They also have some delightfully refreshing concoctions, one made with Pimms and the other with grapes and basil that would be absolutely wonderful on a warm summer night. Too bad they don't have a patio, because I could envision sipping those all evening long once the mercury rises a little bit more. The food menu is also solid. The French Pizza is delicious, and if you like bacon (who doesn't???), you have to try it. The chicken pot pie was savory and perfect on a winter night. The only reason that I didn't give five stars? The cheese plate. There were only two samplings of cheese, and one of them was of the VERY stinky goat milk variety. I actually liked it, but several in our party were turned off by it, and it is unfortunate that out of two cheeses, they decided to put this one on the plate. The fried tomatoes almost earned that fifth star back. But the bitching about the cheese that I had to endure from others at our table just keeps that star out of reach. The food portions are not huge, so while chicken pot pies and pizza sound like filling meals, they act more like apps. So don't plan on this as dinner, unless you are in the mood for a very light meal. I wish we lived a little closer, because I could definitely see this as a go-to spot to meet up with friends for a chill evening of good food and amazing drinks. Well done.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,6/2/2009,212,150,19,11,14>I'll echo what the other reviewers are all saying:This place serves delicately prepared, fresh, light meals for relatively cheap. The chap working, whom I'll presume is the owner, offered to subsitute vegetable dumplings for my iced tea in the combo when I hesitated because I'm not an iced tea fan (nor an Ice-T fan, let's just get that out of the way. That guy was a put-on.) I'll be back, despite the musical selections that made me want to puncture my own eardrums whilst I dined:Michael Bolton, Brian Adams, Whitney Houston.(hence the four stars.)
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,6/1/2009,310,185,8,19,18>There's a guy who looks a little like Lance Bass in the kitchen at Max's, and though I'm fuzzy on specific kitchen jobs, he sure made certain every plate going out looked great.  I saw a couple of dozen different entrees and desserts go out, and each got extremely careful plating and arrangement before they left the line--it was fun to watch from my vantage point at the bar, and added a few plates to my "must try list" for a future visit.There is a veritable football team of staff behind the bar, and behind the visible kitchen line at Max's.  Uniformed in cool, witty tee shirts, cooks capped in Max's ball caps, at one point I could see more than 12 of them, moving like cuisine bees in a hive of brick and stained concrete, or dancing like those folks in the Visa ad before it slows down with cash.After a short stint at the bar, I left full, fully satisfied, and had met at least three servers by name as well as the Executive Chef and the manager.  Not a single bee buzzed by me without making eye contact, saying hello, inquiring about my meal, or my wine, making a suggestion, or simply introducing themselves and saying hi--the attention is clearly part of the Max's training, and it feels cool without feeling forced.So as the personable and professional Sean served, Brandon and Nate and Chef Steve also said hello and chatted, I enjoyed some pretty damn tasty "Oyster Nachos" (fried oysters on a crispy chip with a dab of devilishly hot habanero sauce).  I also had the most expensive (and delicious) burger I think I've ever had, a Kobe and Brie extravaganza, prepared medium rare as requested and accompanied by jalapenos, wonderful fries and hot mustard.A passable glass of Syrah to start, a wonderfully drinkable South African Cab that Sean recommended, and a glass of Tawny Port to accompany the sinfully delicious Apple Brown Betty (served in a surface-of-the-sun hot skillet, with a teasingly salty-sweet caramel gelato!) provided the liquid color commentary to the live action movie that is Max's.  It's loud (lots of stone and brick and flat surfaces) and bustling, stark yet attractive, and cast with what appears to be a knowledgeable, friendly group of serving pros.  This is not management's first rodeo--this is clearly a tried and true concept, with another location in Houston in place since 2006 and some solid restaurant ancestry in the family.  There is a lot going on, and a lot has gone in to Max's and it shows.  Execution and quality is key if you are going to serve an $18 burger and other intriguing comfort food and cool plates like Shrimp & Grits;  Max's is firing on all cylinders.  I look forward to great things here.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2008,5/31/2009,27,26,20,22,16>Holy. Crap.So, I really like the Farmer's Market. Not only can I get super healthy, fresh and delicious things there, I also get the added pleasure of being smug and bourgeois! Unfortunately, the FM happens on Saturday morning when the only acceptable activities are sleeping or going to brunch to re-drunk. Greenling to the rescue! Their local box is delivered to my door once a week and contains so much local yumminess I can hardly stand it. For example, this week I got sweet potatoes, jalepenos,  four kinds of squash, watermelon, peaches, cucumbers, okra, an eggplant and some stuff I am no doubt forgetting. It really is enough produce to get me through the week, but not so much that it's wasteful. At $35/week that less money and more sleep than the Farmer's Market was ever willing to provide.We're going steady now, but I don't mind sharing.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,5/30/2009,94,126,33,12,15>First time in Pluckers:Barkeep: What can I get you to drink?Me (perusing tap line): I'll have a Sam.Barkeep: Want a big glass?Me: Sure, why not? (Why not indeed!)-Barkeep sets down a glass of frosty hoppy awesomeness so big Michael Phelps could swim laps in it-Me: (awed silence).........uh, how big is this f----ing thing?Barkeep: 34 ounces.Me: (SHOCK and awed silence)..........wow.Me: This is a thing of beauty.Barkeep: Nice thing about these, you drink two and you can tell your wife you only had two beers.Me: Two of these is almost a six pack.Barkeep: Yeah, but it's only TWO BEERS!Me: You deserve the Noble prize.Oh yeah, they have wings too.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,5/29/2009,49,176,7,8,9>My heart pitter patters as I drive down 5th street... is it???  Could it possible be???? Is that a red trailer that I see????  Holy shit, the mmmpanada truck is on the corner!!!!  Hip Hip Hooray....I'm FINALLY going to get to eat a god damn empanada!!    My weird excitement has built over the last month or so because I would go on days that it wasn't there or to late in the day to catch it (check out their website for their hours before you make the trek down).   I might need to attend a self help group, because I have totally been stalking the mmmmpanada truck for the past month.  I tried the lunch special... which is 2 empanadas and a drink for $7.50... that is decent deal but not great.   I went with one savory and one sweet empanada. My savory choice was the chicken with green chilies..... The empanada was full of tasty chicken, slightly spicy (I'm a wimp with spicy food so in reality it might be more normal than spicy). The crust was good, not great.... I think the crispiness of the crust was lost when it was reheated.     I got two of the sauces... one was salsa and the other was a chipotle mayo. They were both good toppings that added a nice flavor. The sweet empanada was peach. It was okay. The peaches were sweet and slightly tart and a couple of sprinkles of cinnamon on the outside. A scoop of vanilla ice cream would have done wonders for this little guy. I love peaches but I don't think I would get this again.I am torn with giving them 3 or 4 stars....I think they are a solid 3.5.  Their hours of operation lose them a half star but they are a local business, so I'll round up!
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/27/2009,90,161,17,17,16>Holy Cake Balls...You gotta be kidding me... After missing out on the Something on a Stick Day since i was stuck at work i could not get those pictures of the cake balls out of my head, they looked so good. So I got home and showed them to my daughter who immediately begged me to take her there. After a sleepless night, dreaming of red velvet balls i woke up early and roused the gang up for a road trip to S.Austin. Who cares about lunch...lets get to the balls... We ordered Red Velvet, Wedding Cake to start and WOW, they are very moist and tasty. I definitely had to order more to take home and we got a little of everything...i ate the Grasshopper as soon as i got home and kicked myself for not doubling up on those. Very moist inside and the mint chocolate was fantastic. I am so glad i got to meet Ellen and John as they are about as nice as any people your likely to meet. Very genuine and easy to share a conversation with. I walked up a stranger but felt like I made a new friend when we left. So i now have a new Fetish...Yup, Cake Balls...Yummmm I cant wait for my daughters birthday when we will forgo the usual boring birthday cake and be ordering several dozens of Cake Balls instead. I just hope I dont embarrass myself fighting the kids over the last Dark Chocolate Cake Ball stick...
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,5/26/2009,65,91,10,11,9>Yesterday, while dining here with a little group, a buddy and I split a plate of osso bucco and the seared scallop special (over a tasty cannellini bean and spinach mix) because they both sounded so good. And both were pretty much smack your own ass good. So I did. Only mine, though.Also of note, Italian Wifey S.--who used to own a restaurant in Italy--loved it and proclaimed it her favorite restaurant in Austin (for the time being...we still haven't tried a lot of the good ones).  High praise, my friends...high praise indeed.Anyway, I recommend it if you feel like a good spanking.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/25/2009,50,415,2,8,8>Wow... so many glowing reviews!Well, here's mine!The pizza here is great... easily the best pizza you're going to find north of campus. I would put it up there with the Austin greats... would it win in a head to head competition? Probably not, but it would get pretty dang close. Since this place is new, and the owners (hopefully) read these reviews, here is my constructive "new restaurant" criticism. I wish they had more appetizers. They have 1 appetizer offered each day. The day we went they had a meatball appetizer that was delicious...and it came with delicious garlic bread. But there are no appetizers on the actual menu. Where are the garlic knots, the garlic bread, the mozzarella sticks, the meatballs, cheesy bread, etc? I would have ordered more. On the same note, I'm not sure why three meatballs cost 5.25, when a whole pizza costs 8-10 dollars... I'm confused on that type of pricing.The pizza selection is great for the foodies out there who love crazy combination's... but I'm not one of them. So I ordered the pepperoni, which was delicious, but I would have liked some toppings. It would be nice if they had a "build your own" type thing. Pepperoni, sausage, bell peppers and onions... that's my combination! MmmmmmLastly, drinks. I'm not a drinker. I like my sodas. The place has soda, but it ain't cheap! 2.45 for root beer, no refills. Now, it is the BEST root beer (That Maine stuff), and it's on TAP... awesome! But, I'm not one to usually order 2.45 sodas. I know they're trying to be unique, and I appreciate that and hope they continue, but I would like the normal soda fountain choices that come with refills :)This place is definitely a place you have to try... Next time your in the mood for pizza stop. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,5/24/2009,325,414,11,12,11>Delicious brunch spot!  Started with a raspberry-white chocolate scone. I had the oatmeal and fresh berries. Delicious.The frittatas were good, too. All of them.On the table was marmalade, preserves and nectar of the gods, Nutella. Still not a place for the faint of carbs!
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,5/23/2009,611,369,14,12,10>A-do-rey-mi-able.I came in for the Kidbits event (you say cupcakes and booze and casually say "free" and I will show up, anywhere, I don't care what it is, I will support that cause.  Hitler?  Veganism?  Cannibalism?  NAMBLA?  Whatever - free cupcakes and booze, you have my presence at your next event guaranteed).I thought I'd troll through the wine and glance and go, maybe if I was lucky find something for that 3-year-old cousin of mine in Australia, but no, I found the hippest-hot-mama shop in A-town.  Cute toddler jeans with Warhol-esque screen printed skulls on the back pockets?  CHECKFunky mommy things that you KNOW your young, hipster fashion designer best friend and baby-mommy will use and love?  CHECKAwesomely graphically designed matching/match-up cards for kids?  DOUBLE CHECKAdorable mobiles of the coolest stuff (one was a knit-like bird cage with funky, stuffed, little birdies inside) that EVEN YOU want over YOUR bed in your empty, baby-less apartment? (let's keep it that way)   TRIPLE CHECKAll in all, VERY COOL and very good place to go for those who want to make babies hip and those who know hip momma's.  Minus 1-star for prices, they were a little outlandish on a few items, but only marginally high on others... for the most part though, and again, I am no expert on baby-shopping, I find $84 for jeans for a 3-year old to be quite high.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,5/22/2009,168,138,3,12,10>Whoa...I completely agree with Jessica S. that this is what a coffee shop should be. Since I moved to Austin from Chicago I've been looking for a coffee shop like this. The atmosphere is perfect - dim lighting and jazz music; the decor is spot on - comfy leather chairs, tall and solid wood tables, art and photographs adorning the walls, sofas, etc.; and the vibe is just right - kinda artsy with a hint of upscale-i-tude. It's quiet enough to study, but not too quiet for a table to have a nice indoor voice conversation. I can't believe I've never been here before... (and I've driven by like a million times).Oh! And the coffee! I'm currently sip sip sipping on a Half Wintermoon - a cold/iced version of the Summermoon with half skim milk. What is Summermoon? I had the same question. I was informed it was their milk mixture - sweetened and yummy. Delicious!!
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/21/2009,13,28,8,10,10>I couldn't have summarized this place better than DK himself did when I went here a few weeks ago in his opening act. "If talking about sex, boobs, girls, or drinking bothers you then get the f*%k outta here.  We have a sushi place in about the worst god%$mn location in the world, so lets all get drunk and have fun!" To say the least DK is vulgar, but his theatrics are hands down one of the funniest things I have ever seen in my life. I watched this guy pull bras off of patrons that were eating there while they sat there drinking their sake bombs and laughing their asses off.  He always wears sunglasses (part of the "sushi pimp apparel" I suppose) and has comedic 80's-style soft porn playing on the TV screens as you stand up in front of the restaurant making a fool out of yourself singing Karaoke. Oh, and don't get up there if you suck..he WILL gong you and make you and the rest of the restaurant do "SAAAAAAAAAKKKKKEEEEBOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMBBBSSS!!!!!!­"Although the location and the sushi suck here its cheap, a time you'll never forget, and well worth the drive down past Ben White on a Monday.  2 things:  1: DO NOT DRIVE, TAKE A CAB.  Trust me on this, the drive back is a LOT longer than the drive there after you've had a few sake bombs.   2.  Don't plan on doing anything constructive Tuesday AM. DK has a way of making sure EVERYONE that comes overindulges.  Enjoy.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,5/20/2009,324,543,9,32,27>Picture this: You've written 399 reviews, most of them of places determined to make you fatter, many of them bent on relaxation (... laziness), to boot. You, my friend, NEED to visit Hill Country Running Company. Get off your butt and make review No. 400 count!The staff here is awesome, so helpful and knowledgeable it makes my slowpoke (aka unathletic) head spin a little. I don't remember the name of the female co-owner, but on a busy Saturday afternoon, she was eager to help me, despite being occupied by three other customers at the time -- and none of us felt rushed or ignored. Everyone was smiling, even!There were three women, myself included, trying on shoes, and she was able to keep straight which of us was an 8, a 7.5 and a 7, and which issues each of us had, darting in and out of the supply closet with plenty of selections. My wacky ankles and high arches meant I needed a shoe with a lot of support in some places and a little in others, and after three pairs, I found the shoes for me. She gave me a couple more to try on, just in case (remember, all this while dealing with three other people in a relatively tight space), and watched me on the treadmill for a minute or so with each shoe.Unfortunately, I realized I was going to be late for work and had to leave without buying. I didn't get a chance to go back for three more days, by which time I'd gone to several other stores (where I'd gotten less impressive service and the prices were just about the same), checked the prices of the shoes I wanted on the Internet (I'm a cheapskate who had to really think about spending $95 on running shoes) and seen that they were no cheaper anywhere else, and run about a dozen miles in my old, crappy shoes that were giving me cuts and blisters.The store was empty this time, and the now even more attentive woman had remembered me and my running issues (and even my size!) and fetched the pair I wanted, along with pretty much the only shoes in the whole store I hadn't tried before and which weren't as comfortable -- I was still grateful for the chance to compare them. Happy with my decision, I prepared to plunk down the big bucks. While I was checking out, she suggested that I enter a drawing for a free bike and an automatic 10 percent off my bill. Done and done! I also got a chance to meet her co-owner, an energetic and friendly guy. I'd happily deal with either of them in the future.They pointed me in the direction of the nearest entrance to the Hike and Bike Trail, and off I went for the best jog ever! My shoes feel terrific two weeks later, by the way!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,5/19/2009,122,181,10,10,8>With 80+ reviews here so far, I feel the need to preface mine: This review is about tacos, the best tacos in Austin. (Yes, even better than Torchy's.) So if you go to Tacodeli and order breakfast, well, that's just silly, and if you don't like it, you have only your poor ordering skills to blame. Likewise with "veggie tacos", which are as much a taco as O'Doul's is a beer. So if you're the type who bitches about the poor salads at BBQ joints, we have nothing in common and you might as well disregard anything I have to say.The tacos and sauces here are incredible. With almost 20 different tacos to choose from, there's pretty much one for any craving, and plenty of variety for repeat visits. Two of my favorites are the Adobados (chicken) and the Puerco Verde, but it's hard to go wrong. No taco experience would be complete without great salsa, and that's where Tacodeli shines, with their spicy, creamy Dona and XXX-hot Habanero Pico salsas. Finally, another place to get my habanero quick fix when La Salsa is out!Only two things keep Tacodeli from being perfect, though I couldn't in good conscience subtract any stars from tacos this good. The first is serving only Pepsi at the fountain. WTF? Who prefers Pepsi over Coke in Texas? The second is the name. That half-hearted, generic-sounding name caused me to overlook this wonderful place for far too long.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,5/18/2009,255,164,20,19,19>Some of you may know that I like to sing karaoke. I'm not saying I'm good at it, but I still have fun. So far, karaoke has been the only reason I've been to Nomad, and I've had fun every time.     They have hosted Karaoke Underground, as was the case last night, and Karaoke Apocalypse, which is the rockin live band to back your vocals.        When I arrived last night, the atmosphere was mellow for 10:30 on a Saturday. There weren't nearly enough folks in the room to soak up my imitation of Ian Curtis for Joy Division's "Transmission".  (lemme tell ya, it was just short of magical and apparently the Yelpers in attendance have never heard that song before)        Who should go up onstage directly after me? None other than Britt Daniel, of Spoon fame.  That's right. I basically opened for Spoon.        He did pretty well, considering it was his song he was singing. What I thought was odd was how he had to keep looking at the TV screen to sing along! Shouldn't he know the words?  Does he have a teleprompter onstage at all Spoon shows? Hope not.     Anyway, the service was good. The crowd was a decent mix of people. And everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves to the fullest.  I'll have to try this place out when they don't have anything going on to get a well-rounded perspective, but I really have no complaints.      The time I went there for KA, it was packed and the service was slow, but it wasn't terrible. The prices aren't as good as Barfly's, and considering the location they should be.   Therefore I can't justify 5 stars, but I'm still a fan. When I go back I'll let y'all know how it goes. Maybe I'll be the opening act for Mick Jagger.In the meantime... Dance, Dance, Dance, Dance, Dance to the Radio!
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2008,5/17/2009,73,207,14,8,9>What do you call a bar that closes on a Saturday afternoon so they can prep for a baby shower...you read that right...but when a group of 25 drunken bus-riding people show up at the front door they open up and serve everyone Schlitz?  Which guarantees the group will openly laugh when the guests arrive?You call it Ginny's Little Longhorn.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,5/16/2009,354,138,12,12,14>This place has the welcoming smell of hippy and coffee that I would expect from a small coffee house.  The decor is quaint with saltillo tiles and wooden furniture.  The low ceiling, warm colors and numerous niches give it overall a very homey feel.  I gauge the quality of the drinks by the espresso which was very good.  It helped start the day right.  Baristas who deliver drinks rock it.This shop is very casual and some might even say rustic, if you're on your way to a job interview, you might want to pass it by.  By that I mean that if you're wearing something extremely nice, the chances of walking out with a mystery stain are high.  Enjoy it with someone you love or alone on a slow weekend and you can't go wrong.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,5/15/2009,288,258,13,10,14>I stumbled into Torchy's last night with two goals in mind:1.  To destroy a green chile pork taco. 2.  To prove to myself that I could take down a whole serving of green chile Queso on my own. I walked in and was greeted by Adrian, the counter guy, he was very friendly today.  Despite knowing what I wanted, I gave the menu one more look, just in case a wild hair struck me and I decided to stray from the plan.  Last time I did that, though, I got crazy and ordered the Fried Avocado and was sorely disappointed.  Under ripe avocados and way too much refried beans made for a messy experience. Anywhoo, I stuck to my guns, and waited.  I'd prepared myself for the typical 15 minute wait that comes with eating at Torchy's but they were pleasantly much faster than I'd remembered.  Adrian shook my hand on my way out and wished me happy eating.  And boy was it!  That taco delivered on all flavor points.  Alas, my dreams of Queso domination did not come to fruition, but I'm okay with that 'cause it means I get to savor the flavor all over again when I get home.  Sha na na na na na na!
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,5/14/2009,253,336,8,8,13>Oh, old Plucker's, how I miss thee.  I love the old location - cozy little hole in the wall, frequented by generations of students.  Well, ok, since around 1992, but still, that's how many graduating classes?  Anyway, I'm not fond of the new look.  Sure, it's nice that it's large, but all that chrome and shiny metal does not a comforting experience make.  Even the South Lamar location is homier than this.The food?  Well, they have the best friend pickles in town (and I challenge you to a duel if you think otherwise), and their jalepeno poppers are served with chutney instead of ranch, which is a refreshing change.Wings?  Do you even need to ask?  Why would you go anywhere else to eat wings in this town?  It might have been different, you say, when there was a Buffalo Wild Wings and More (mmmm, spicy garlic) in town.  Yes, it might have.  But there isn't anymore because the greedy owner didn't want to pay franchise fees.  I veered regularly between Jamaican Jerk's tangy rosemary goodness, Dr. Pepper's sweet with a biteness, and Baker's Gold's combination of sweet and tangy Goldrushyness and the spice of Plucker's medium.  I also adore, on occasion, Hot, Medium, Spicy Barbecue, and Lemon Pepper.BE WARNED:  The Hot is, well, HOT.  How hot, you ask?  Well, I make my own barbecue sauce, and I include diced jalepenos, serranos, and habeneros in it.  Most people think my sauce is too hot when I think it needs more kick.  The Hot at Plucker's burns.  I refuse to even try Fire in the Hole - I could smell it two tables away, and I'd prefer to NOT coat my bowels in anything radioactive or acidic enough to eat through the table.AVOID SCRUPULOUSLY: Ranch wings.  They are dry and excessively salty.MUST PURCHASE: Sweet potato fries (oh, Georgia, how I miss you!).I don't think I've ever had anything else here, but I'm told the burgers are fairly good, and the salads are decent.My biggest complaint about Plucker's in general?  Ever since I went vegetarian, there's no way for me to eat here. :(
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,5/13/2009,139,109,18,11,12>Last week we had a technician in town from Madison, Wisconsin to make some adjustments on a multi-photon laser scanning microscope.  Although I suspect Madison has a similar feel as Austin, I wanted to take her somewhere that had a bit more Austin taste to it, rather than just a big college town feel.  The woman from Madison is a vegetarian, so I had 3 criteria to meet.  The main user of that microscope has a couple of Schnauzer pups that she wanted to bring along, so after a quick call to verify the pups were also welcome, we set out for Magnolia Cafe.  We sat on the dog-friendly patio.  The service was really excellent; everyone who talked to us was very friendly.  We seem to have had both a waitress and a waiter; both answered questions, since our guest wasn't conversant in Tex-Mex.  We of course had Mag Mud; it tasted great, but the chips were a little thin and broke when trying to dip into it.  That, however, didn't stop us from eating two baskets of chips and finishing every last bit of the queso.  We all had different versions of enchiladas, and everyone was happy with their choices. Our guest enjoyed it, and so did we.  And the pups always get attention from others.   I slipped them some beans on tortillas just so their owner would get some fragrant little surprises at home.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,5/12/2009,56,25,22,11,14>Dear Skinny Jeans, I want you to know that this isn't easy for me to say, but I'm affraid that there is someone else. They moved in down the street last year  and I've been sneaking out to be with her when I said I was going to the grocery store. I never meant to hurt you. I thought we'd be together forever too, but a girl has to follow her heart... or her stomach. That's right - Sugar Mama's is so amazing - I'm willing to bid farewell to my waist and my perfectly broken in skinny jeans.Run, don't walk. Partake in the icing shots.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,5/11/2009,14,21,,18,11>As a member of the Travis Heights neighborhood, and literally walking distance from this location, I was very anxious to see what would be taking Mars' place after walking, driving, and biking by it for months.  All of a sudden a sign shows up:  Perla.My girlfriend and I decide to head down there to check it out for our anniversary dinner and we were more than glad we did. Perla is like stepping onto a boat deck and receiving some of the freshest seafood landlocked Austin has to offer.  It is an oyster bar with loads of fresh seafood selections and courteous and helpful staff.  Matthew was our server and he was as cool as he was professional.Having lived in New York for a while I have been longing for the New England staple, the lobster roll, and have not been able to find it here in Austin.  However, Perla has one and it is phenomenal.  More lobster and less mayo than a traditional lobster roll and placed on a toasted garlic-bread like roll.  Simply divine.The oysters are quality as well as we put back a dozen with the greatest of ease.  There cocktail sauce and horseradish were also fresh, which pretty much sums up all of their food:  fresh.The desserts we chose were rather impressive and more savory than overly sweet.  According to my gf, it was the "best cheesecake" she's ever had with berries on top that were marinated in wine and garnished with chopped mint.  I had the "Pot de Cremes" which was easily one of the best chocolate mousse-like deserts I've ever had. In a nutshell, to have an oyster bar with fresh seafood and a full bar (which we haven't even tried yet) this close to my house is dangerous, only to my wallet that is...Highly recommended.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,5/10/2009,146,505,31,19,22>Five stars for the funniest and creepiest event that Austin Cab gets credit for. OK. So we are idiots and parked at the Ironworks parking lot for dinner and did NOT move the car before strolling up 6th Street. Upon our return to the car, it had been towed. So, we hailed a cab... an Austin Cab to be specific. Myriam was our driver, and she was happy to take us to the impound lot, call the lot for us to get directions... the whole gracious hostess thing. Loved her! Here is the funny part. I was sitting behind the driver and could see --between the front seat and the door -- a set of long nails. I whispered to Aimee C, "Check out her fingernails." At that precise moment, the friend sitting in the front seat screamed in his queeniest voice, "OH MY GOD! THOSE ARE THE LONGEST FINGERNAILS I HAVE EVER SEEN." Well, Myriam, proud of her claim to fame, whipped them out to show us. They were --- the longest any of us had ever seen. We are talking Freddy Kruger on some pretty good steroids. (LOOK AT THE PIC I UPLOADED) Pretty freaky, huh? Freakiness aside, Myriam told us all about her travails with her nails.... four hour manicure sessions, mobilizing with only her right hand, and the newest one, she is about to be named to Guinness Book! So what are the chances of your hailing a cab and getting a world champion athlete as your runner? None. What are your chances of getting your own carnival side show... pretty damned good. Next time you want a cab, call Austin cab and ask for Myriam to take care of you. You can see for yourself.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2008,5/9/2009,446,557,9,15,15>I can only review happy hour at this place.  I like it.  If they're like the other 2 locations I've visited, they have two happy hours.  First one is 4:00-6:30pm and the second one is 9pm-close.  You should confirm that though, because I've only gone to the early one here (the Domain definitely has the late one)If you're hungry around happy hour, this is the place to go.  They offer a 1/2 pound burger + fries for only $1.95!  Other $2-5 options are available (bruscetta, mini truffle cake, artichoke dip, fish tacos, cheese quesadillas, crab rangoon,and more),  but the burger is the best bang for your buck.  I have tried the turkey blt sliders (three little sandwiches for $4.95), and they were okay, but not great or a good value, especially compared to the burger and fries.  I'm going to go ahead and remind you about that 8 oz burger and fries one more time.  Did you hear me say it was $1.95?!  That's cheaper than McDonalds! Why do you even care what else is on the menu?!Some drinks are reasonably priced, but fancier ones like cranberry mango martinis are still in the $8 range.  The bartenders can make a variety of interesting concoctions, and the bar menu has tons of special cocktails listed and described, but I stick to pretty ordinary things, mostly because they are cheaper.  I enjoyed my sangria ($5 for about 10 oz on ice) and a Shiner Black ($3 for a pint).To me, it seems that atmosphere sets McCormick and Schmick apart from other happy hour locations.  The dark wood paneling, well designed bar, stained glass armadillo sconces, dressed-up employees, and large windows give this place a classy feel.  A businessman could take his clients here and feel good about the impression he would make.  My dad, who can't even eat seafood, still speaks highly of the consistency, quality, and reliability of the entire chain of restaurants.If you want to wait out traffic for a while and grab a snack one evening, check out McCormick and Schmick.  You won't be disappointed. (especially if you get the burger)
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,5/8/2009,94,263,19,24,19>It's lovely that a good restaurant has opened where the old Giss's restaurant used to be. Never could get myself to eat in a restaurant that was named after something left on the floor of a 70's porn flick. Anyhow.... Been by three times now.. first for appetizers, then for dinner with the boss on Monday and we just had to go back tonight. This is good stuff. Salsa is different than everything I have tasted before. What makes it unique is the chile's they use. If I remember correctly.. sorry I enjoyed three of their watermelon special rita's tonight...Arbor chile is the base and a sweeter chile whose name just escaped me was added. We noshed through a bowl and half. Chips were thicker than most I have had with a great corn taste to them.....Happy Happy Joy Joy dance. Items we have had and my thoughts: Par de Huaraches: Cactus.. first time I have had this, and it was yummy with a scoop of their Salsa on it. Ceviche: Was not as good as I expected, and seemed really over limed if that is possible. Might of been made the day before and steeped to long. I'm willing to give it another shot. Taquitos al Pastor: Greasy, flavorful, and five to an order, which is plenty to share. Pescado a la Veracruzana: Excellent fresh fish with crisp veggies in the Veracruzana sauce, served on a banana leaf. Classy, fresh and lite. Pollo en Mole Blanco with Chicken: Mole was tasty with a deep rustic flavor and the Chicken Breast was cooked to perfection. Enchiladas de Espinacas: Awesome in flavor with sauteed mushrooms, garlic and almonds. It is quite rich with flavors and possibly some of the best I have ever had. A dish which wasn't even on the menu since my boss wanted something very hot and spicy with meat. What arrived was sorta like a pork and beef stew with many different chile's in it.. it was HOT, and yet surprising tasty. The chiles all worked well as one. It was a really grand gesture by the owner to even put this together. Desserts we have had: Nieve de Mole: Holy Crack... Ice Cream with the Mole sauce.. so refreshing and an interesting combination of flavors Crepas de Limon con Salsa de Zarzamora: The creamy lemon sauce on the crepes was full of zest.. crepes were a little thick, but still soft and tender to the bite Pestel de tres leches con Changos Zamoranos: Dear God.. this is what milk was made for.. Thank goodness for cows..creamy, sweet delicious sauce, crumbling cake to soak it all up.. I have to get the recipe for the tres leches. Look, this is a local, small restaurant, trying to do well in a tough economy. It is a stumble, drop and crawl from my casa. We will continue to patronize it and enjoy the great, caring service. Watching them make little mistakes as they grow into a wonderful experience. So, get off your couch, take off the snuggie which you are filling with farts, and check it out.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,5/7/2009,368,209,11,16,15>Of all three locations, this is my favorite because it has that true Austin feel. I've been here many, many times, but finally made if for brunch on Saturday. The bloody mary's and mimosas are $3.50 (ask for spicy-much better--I tried 2 spicy and 1 regular to make sure). Spicy bloody mary's, not spicy mimosas. Although that might be good too.Tara M.'s description of Z's food as Nuevo Mex is right on because this is the only place I have found that serves enchiladas, New Mexico style. They're flat, not rolled, chicken with red chile sauce and served with an over-easy egg on top. Mouth-watering.Perfect brunch.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,5/6/2009,24,10,9,11,11>I am so pleased to see that an Elite Yelper went to ToE last night and posted a review.  This place needs some love from Austin eaters, it deserves it. My experience was the same as that of all the other reviewers here, so I am just going to list ten highlights:1. My Dear Husband, uncertain of what to expect, attempted to level the playing field by ordering "man food", so he picked a spicy ground beef dish called Kitfo.  But he fell in love with most of the dishes from my vegetarian sampler, expelling little grunts of satisfaction as he ate the red lentil puree.2.  Winnie, the owner, is just as friendly and lovely as the other reviews say.  3.  The other table in the place (we went really early) was occupied by French-speaking expats.  They all got up just before the meal was served to wash their hands.   I made a mental note for next time.4.  The Ethiopian coffee we had after dinner was the best cup of coffee I have had in a long time, like years.  I woke up today thinking about it.   DH reports same.  Did you know that coffee is Ethiopia's gift to the world?  Next time you enjoy a cup, take a second to thank an observant livestock herder named Khalid and his totally wired goats.  5.  Before we left, the owner encouraged us to go outside and talk to the restaurant's designer, who was on the patio arranging furniture to get the place ready for live music.  He really did a nice job on the place.  And...live music soon!  Way cool.6.  Eating from a communal tray with your hands (see item #3) is really fun.  I wonder if the food on the kid's menu (mac with meat sauce, for example) is served the same way--I hope so.7.  On our way there, we passed a bubble tea establishment that I was not aware of.  This has nothing to do with ToE, but is potentially good news for my boba tea obsession (see review of Momoko).8.  I have a recipe for red lentil puree open in another tab right now.9.  There is no number 9 or 10, I have said plenty already.  Please go to ToE, it's recession-proof dining at it's best.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/4/2009,522,1205,18,27,27>Three weeks ago Jessica W. sent me a very sweet email inviting me and my dog to her and her brother's new taco trailer; with a note that there is "plenty of space for your pup to play....For the summer months we will have a kiddy pool for all of our doggie friends to come cool off." 5 stars to Jessica W. for her marketing and advertising skills to a self proclaimed crazy doggie Momma! We finally made it by today on the way to a doggie play date and it was sooo good we stopped back by on the way home with some friends. First of all this is not your usual taco trailer it is a freaking huge long livestock trailer! My first visit of the day I ordered an egg, cheese and spinach taco with a side of black beans and a fruit punch jarritos. The taco had the perfect ratio of ingredients and the black beans were very flavorful. And the fruit punch jarritos was a flash back in time to my child hood! Three hours later I was back with friends and ordered the Padre Taco (pork and avocado with pineapple and tomatillo salsa).Great friendly service, great tacos, great atmosphere - we will be back!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,5/3/2009,283,172,8,8,7>Yeah, so I basically come to this place every single day to study.  I ride my bike up and grab myself one of their superb cookies and a mediocre cup of coffee.  There is usually a seat here, unlike Flightpath and Epoch which can be packed to capacity on any given night.  They have a ghetto leaking air conditioner that acts up some days and drips water all over the floor, but hey, they set up buckets to collect the drippage.  I suppose its nice to know that there is a huge power strip about 2 feet from the gigantic puddle of water but no one seems to do anything about it.The cookies are my favorite thing here, but to be fair, I've never tried to cakes or cupcakes.  The Salty Oat Cookie is delicious; a huge oatmeal raisin cookie sprinkled with rock salt.  I also love the old fashioned oatmeal raisin cookie, which has a really great taste.  Chocolate chip cookies here are blah and peanut butter cookies too dry.  Oh, the Chocolate Ginger cookie is rad too.  Delicious combo of stuff.The bathrooms are relatively clean and the people are friendly, but the music can be odd.  Sometimes you'll get the one Silver Jews album they have playing in the background; other times its Michael Jackson or even unidentifiable 80s hair metal stuff.  The art they have right now sucks, too.  Come on Austin artists, get your shit into these coffee shops!  You've got zero competition at the moment.  Come to this place to read a book, study, surf the web, check out pretty girls or to meet homeless crazies.  No beer here and limited outside seating.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,5/1/2009,184,302,13,17,14>Come on, ice cream.....This morning I'm suffering a bit from having too many drinks and a heavy meal late.We started the evening at the Chimay glass night at Gingerman.  Three Chimays later, the group was definitely in need of sustenance, and someone suggested we try the new place owned by Carlos Santana.I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was in the space once occupied by that craphole Ringers (not a fan, sorry).  The decor was pleasant, all earth tones and candles and large pieces of art ("I think that's the cover art for Abraxas").Service was just right, prices were steep, drinks were very tasty but expensive as well.  I had a Tangerine Mojito, a different twist on the old standard, and it was very good, but not $10 a pop good.And now the food:My friend wanted guacamole, and we all love it, so he ordered the $9 bowl of guac.  Nine bucks for a cup of guacamole?  Ummm, no.  It was good, but come on.Baked cheese - very good, but man, I'm sure I cut about five days off my life eating my portion.  I could feel it rush to my arteries as soon as I swallowed it.My carnitas order arrived with plenty of large chunks of seasoned pork, tender and sizzling in a cast iron skillet.  The spices were just right, there was plenty of food (probably too much based on my stomach this morning). Everyone else liked what they ordered, the table was a melange of aromas and we all shared bites.Rice and beans extra?  Again, come on.  I will say, though, that the black beans were very flavorful, not just "open a can and heat 'em up".All in all I really liked Maria Maria.  I think Veek will love it, there was a large enough menu, including a Vegetarian section, that she'd find something new and interesting to eat.I may have to wait until I hit the lottery though.Come on, ice cream......
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,4/30/2009,18,75,1,9,7>If Emerald's suffers from a major fault, it is having too much to look at. It can be overwhelming to find a top or something specific in there because of the massive variety. They offer moderately priced things to pretty expensive things (by my standards). A great place to grab gifts for the home, little accessories, or the perfect greeting card. They are on my boyfriend's emergency gift list of places he could get me a gift card from and I wouldn't think it was thoughtless. Plus, they gift wrap! I'm pretty sure that if, for whatever reason, I could only shop in one store for the next year, I would shop here. And then we have Emerald's shoes... Their shoe collection is pretty fantastic, and they always have great shoes on sale. Some of their clothes fit pretty funny, so be sure to try on.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,4/29/2009,3,48,1,8,9>How could you not feel special finding this place.  The location is absolutely surreal for a restaurant of this caliber.  There is a Jack in the Box and Check Cashing shop in the same strip mall.  After eating here you feel like you found a chunk of gold in a river bed or a pearl in an oyster.  So, in a strange way, the location works.Inside, the decor is not overly done, but the seats are comfortable, the tables have tablecloths and real napkins, and the hostess looks like she stepped out of an Italian movie from the 60's.  So by the time you are sitting down looking at the menu, you are in a pretty good mood.  The prices are amazing, especially for lunch.  The selection is good, and the choices are fairly standard Italian, nothing too fancy.  All the meals I have had were well prepared.  Nothing over cooked, nor undercooked, even the vegetables on the side are just right.  This level of consistency is hard to find at lunch, so major points there.  I usually share a starter like the fried calamari and have pasta or an entree and come out at under $15.  For the quality of food, this feels like a true bargain. The deserts are great, especially if you like Tiramisu.  I rarely have room for it, but am tempted to order it to go as it is so tasty.  The espresso is also strong and bitter with a little lemon peel on the side.  Very Italian, very nice end to a meal.  Service for lunch is fast and friendly.  Two courses served and cleared and an espresso and I am still back to the office in less than an hour.  If you are in North Austin, this place is a great option for a sit down lunch.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,4/28/2009,458,426,4,8,5>Just got back from the This American Life live simulcast screening at the Metropolitan 14. I haven't been to this cinema in a while, but I really like it. It's got ample parking, clean bathrooms, big screens, good sound and comfortable seats. The movie selection? Well, it's no Dobie, Alamo or Arbor, but this place is what it is.What I really like is the garish decor. The building is thoroughly modern, but the look they're going for is obviously inspired by the downtown movie houses of the 1920s.Don't forget to look up in the lobby!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2008,4/27/2009,4221,482,10,9,9>So I found La Guera Taco Truck on an early Saturday morning and was really impressed with how this little deal on wheels was able to satisfy my breakfast taco appetite!  Based on the reviews, I went for the egg, potato and cheese (very hearty and filling) and the egg + chorizo for $1.50. Extra items only $0.25!?  Two potato egg and cheese + 1 egg and chorizo for a meager $4.25?!  Now that's what I call an extra value meal!  And no complaints on the quality - it was very good, just needed a little salt n' pepper n' sauce and all was gone.  The potatoes were large marge, the cheese was plentiful, and the chorizo was spicy!  I'm also a flour power boy, but this time I went corny tortillas and was pleasantly surprised to see you get 2 of them to secure your feast.  I think I'm going to be corny from now on.And the sauces - they've got red and green, they run on the thin side, a bit bland, but they pack some heat.  That green sauce was HOT-HOT-HOT!  Almost similar to Taco Deli's green jalapeno n' garlic sauce - kind of like a cool demon that sneaks up on you!  So if you're ever driving / biking / walking / running / busing / skateboarding / rollerblading down S. Lamar, keep an eye out for the litte red and white La Guera Taco Truck and stop on over.  You just might find me wallowing on my hammock nearby recovering from my corny breakfast taco binge.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,4/26/2009,151,367,1,9,9>Is it ironic that this Mediterranean restaurant is literally an oasis of  atmospheric dining in the desert of 'pub-grub-heavy North Central Austin'?One would never expect what is behind the aquamarine-colored facade of Phara's if you were a first time visitor.  As you enter the restaurant, you are ushered into a cozy dining room, which is suitable for a romantic dinner.  If you are looking for something to quicken your pulse, step out into back patio -- and the word 'patio' is selling it short ... its more like a back-acre -- where tables from 2-20 are arranged in various set-ups, including on-stage and under the gazebo.  Hookahs adorn most of the tables and patrons puff away on beautifully scented tobaccos.Farah's is BYOB, which plainly stated, is AWESOME.  Sure, there is a $3 corking fee, but compared to cities with BYOB spots, this is a very small sum and unworthy of being bitched about.  Also, North Loop Market is just across the street with a superb beer selection and decent wine selection in case you forget to bring your booze, or simply run out in the midst of your good time. For dinner, my fiancee has the vegetarian sampler, which she enjoyed.  I had the shawarma platter (thinly sliced lamb on this particular sampler) and its was amazing.  Their pita was average, but the hummus was amazing, as was the baba ganouj and the yogurt cucumber salad (i always forget what this is called).Prices are fair for the area, and certainly worth every cent for the pricier dinners.  Dinner for two (bringing our own wine) including an appetizer was $40 without tip.  That's hard to beat anywhere for a Friday night dinner.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,4/25/2009,141,179,3,23,18>Incredible.I've been to alotta playscapes and parks in central Austin. This is seriously the BEST one. Better than Little Stacy, Central Market, Zilker. The best.Newly opened in 10/08, it features KOMPAN designs: an European playground company that builds its play structures inspired by public sculpture. The KOMPAN playscapes are indeed sculptural: open-form with webbing, rock walls, many things that spin (excellent for sensory integration), over-sized saucer swings, balancing areas, slides--areas suitable for toddlers to older elementary school-aged children. It also features a sand pit with steam shovel style diggers and water spigot for making sand creations. The mulch ("fall zone") is deep and fresh and soft. Quaint picnic tables and plentiful benches. New, clean and modern restroom facility next door. The park is so new I can't map it (but easy to locate): enter Mueller at the main entry off of Airport Blvd at the traffic light. Approach the circle and continue to the other side. You'll see Mueller Lake to your right. The park is just beyond that on the right (good parking), nestled in the arms of this large curvaceous lake.The lake is a gorgeous feature, as is the native landscaping and surrounding paths and pavilion. As we approached the park, my son asked, "Are we going to the park with the beautiful water?"If you live close by (lucky us) you won't want to go to another park. If you don't, you will want to make it a destination.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,4/24/2009,136,153,21,8,12>Chai Cream - spicy, sweet.Strawberry - strawberrily, sweet.They are made of ice. They put the syrup on them. Magic occurs. Your face is melted ala' Raiders of the Lost Ark, but in a good way. The taste is like seeing God, and being all, "Hey man, what's up?" and he's all, "Not too much. What's up with you?" and you're like, "Not much. Just having a Casey's snoball." And he's like, "Aww, cool. I created those, you know. On the 7th day or something." And you're all like, "Whoa, really? That's awesome." *slurp* And then God blinks at you and says, "Whoa...aren't you supposed to be driving right now?"You snap out of it as your brain thaws out and you're flying into oncoming traffic. This is why you should sit down and pocket your car keys before you consume the icy deliciousness.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,4/23/2009,271,233,13,22,19>Paggi House, Paggi House, what a delightful surprise.  I went here on Saturday for some wine and relaxation with two objects of my affection.  Paggi was just newly renovated, and it was absolutely gorgeous with much of the original structure intact.  Instead of doing the usual narrative of my experience here, I'll bullet point them.  Note: my drink and cheese plate was complimentary.  - Outdoor area is dog friendly, and so are the staff.  My Mouse had a lovely time here, and got to drink out of a swanky dog bowl.  When the weather is nice, this is a place I could hang out for hours.  We hung out here for 2.5 hours without even realizing it.  -The Cheese plate was delectable and so beautifully presented that it was a shame to eat.  Since my SO and I are photography enthusiasts, we took our sweet time taking pictures of the plate.  See pic above.  The flashlight effect is actually the focusing light from his camera.  My camera setting was on suppressed flash to get that effect.  I forgot to ask about the jam next to the brie, but it tasted like quince jam to me.  Quince jam is my favorite jam.  - Tom and Tori are not only a beautiful couple; they are super sweet.  They take their business seriously, and it shows.  - Women's bathroom is the best I've seen so far.  The only wash area I've seen that is similarly set up was at Lanai.  The sink was large and expanded the length of the counter top so that all the water would actually fall into the sink and not all of the counter.  Soap and towels were strategically placed so that there wasn't dripping when moving your hands from the soap to the faucet and from the faucet to the towels.  Not only was it functional, it also had a modern, sleek look.  I love a nice bathroom. - The boyfriend got the French 75 Sparkler which sounds more like a sex toy than a drink, and we both thoroughly enjoyed it.  I had the Veuve Clicquot Champagne, Reims NV.  It was the perfect accompaniment to the cheese.  Just a tiny touch of sweet with crisp bubbles.  I felt spoiled rotten.  My experience here was much like my first experience at Uchi.  Not only was the food delicious; the atmosphere, and waitstaff were impeccable.  Many restaurants have delicious food, but not many can provide the perfect experience.  Watch out, Uchi.  You've got competition.  If you want to feel more spoiled than Veruca Salt, check out Paggi House.  Paggi house may be newly opened, but they know how to impress and lady, her man, and her canine.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,4/22/2009,49,59,1,13,11>Boggy Creek is one of the best things about Austin, TX. If you love your veggies, BC is your heaven. If you're sitting on the fence, BC will turn you into a veggie lover. Everything tastes so much better when it's fresh from the earth like it is at the farmstand here.If you're health conscious, you'll love the fresh local veggies here because they're just-picked and haven't spent time in a tractor trailer or shipping container, then a loading dock, then the supermarket shelves. The vitamin content of BC's happy veggies is higher than that of the sad, homesick veggies your supermarket shipped in from faraway lands.Go ahead and buy a few copies of the cookbook while you're at it. It truly is one of the best books out there for people who want to cook more, and different vegetables, and Carol will probably give you a hug and sign every copy. Give the extra copies to out-of-town visitors, or delight far-away relatives with a bit of healthy, hearty cuisine, Austin-style.Sign up for the newsletter, too. I love getting News Of the Farm in my inbox every week to hear Carol's stories and to find out what's fresh in the farmstand on Wednesday and Sunday.DON'T bring your dog out of respect for the free-roaming chickens on the premises.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,4/21/2009,5,11,4,8,5>I love this place.  From the sweet workers to the little bit of everything they offer in such a tiny place, in my mind it couldn't get any better.  They not only have a great beer and wine selection, they also offer vegetarian and/or organic foods too!  I often pop in for lunch at the deli and everything is super yummy...especially the tuna salad.  Stop in and browse, it's fun to see what new things they've brought in.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,4/20/2009,474,618,9,17,15>"Hey there, Cutiepies!" This is how we were greeted at Evangeline. I just want to give this place a big ol' hug.5 stars. Okay, maybe I am being a bit rash. But I have now eaten there enough times to give this place an accurate rave review. I'm no expert on Cajun food, you'll have to refer to Tobi D or Angela R for that, but every experience I have had here, has been completely fun! I was a bit cranky last night from working 12 hours in a row, so we stopped in for a quick bite and a beer, and I have to tell you, that this place just makes me happy. I left there with the biggest smile on my face. Note: Only go when there is a band playing. It changes the whole vibe. It's like having dinner at a friends house. Yes, it is a bit cramped, but its so much fun! I think the Monday night band, my be my favorite so far. The last time, I came here, there were couples dancing in the limited floor space and having a great time. There is a lot of life packed into the tiny strip mall spot. And I can't tell you how happy it makes me that I can walk there from my house.As far as food, I can recommend the Cesar salad with grilled shrimp. The flavoring on the grilled shrimp has got just the right amount of kick. The shrimp po-boy is delicious and my dining companion, who was thrilled to see the Astros game on their tv, said he didn't even have to ask for his catfish extra crispy. It came out perfect!
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,4/19/2009,76,280,6,12,12>The Hippie Sandwich at Shady Grove used to be a weekly staple back in the day, before I was dragged kicking and screaming from the streets of Austin, and I had every intention of ordering it this evening when I got back into town. But I don't know, something about the Tortilla Fried Queso Catfish was calling my name. I don't know if it was the delicious catfish, the crispy fried tortilla crust or the fact that it's served over a bed of queso and I don't care, I just knew I had to have it. And have it I did. Just the one filet though - just so you know, you've got the option of one for $8.99 or 2 for $10.99 but you'd have to be super major hungry to eat two, I'm telling you, the portions are huge. In fact, I didn't even finish all of the one. Most, but not all. Next time, though, Hippy Sandwich here I come.. Grilled eggplant, oven-roasted bell peppers, zucchini, mushrooms, arugula, tomato & mozzarella cheese w/ pesto mayonnaise - I'm telling you, you can't go wrong with that one. Yum.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,4/18/2009,739,709,27,15,18>And Thursday shall be the day, neither shall it be Wednesday nor shall it be Friday, but Thursday.  Thou shalt read the Chronicle Bible.  So let it be written, so let it be done....For in the beginning is the Postmarkus, or the letters of the people unto the editor.  These shalt make you smile and shakest thou head at the inanity of humanity and the littlest bickerings they must dwell on.Next is the Book of Politicos.  Thou shalt keepest up with the holy bullshit happening inst thoust counties. Whether it beist the non-doings of the city council or the overdoings of the hemp legalization committee.And let us not forget the Testament of Food.  For thou shalt knoweth the newest restaurants in town and thou shalt useth the coupons therein.Next is the Acts of the Arts.  Thou shalt support them!!And neither will we forget the Sportacus or the Literus chapters for they enlighten us.And one must weekly read the Listings of the Films so that one can know which politically correct, liberal, sexually deviant movie has beenst issued an heavenly review.Then one must peruse the Psalms of the Clubs.  Thou must knowest who is coming whenest and wherest soest thou can beist the coolest!And lastly, but not leastly, thou shalt studiest the classifieds.  For if thou feelst blue or lonely, thou must remember there are those far worse than thou who advertise in A Shot in the Dark.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,4/17/2009,6,18,10,7,10>Ok, I'll admit that I'm a lesbian who hates gay bars.  and gay coffee shops.  and gay bookstores...and...My friend and I decided to check this place out and I was so pleasantly surprised!  The adorable cowboy bartender called me "darlin".  There were lovely ladies to ogle.  The dancing was a fantastic mix of impressive, hilarious and oh so sexy.  The beer was cheap.  Then I went outside!  Dance music which isn't my fave, but still a good mix.  I was lucky and scored a couch where I could creepily people watch to my heart's content. Everyone was friendly and having a hell of a time.  Nice mix of men and women, young and old, straight and gay.  My friends and I closed the bar....for the first time in many years.  The bad news...while waiting in line for the bathroom, some unfortunate soul had to barf and kept asking her "friends" to turn on the water to drown out the yakking.  The "friends" couldn't stop laughing or telling me in detail what was going down (as though I didn't know!) long enough to do so. oh to be young again.  I was complimented TWICE which made me so happy.  So what one was by the drunken unsympathetic "friend" of the yakker and the other was a totally drunk gay dude.  He said "you're pretty".  His friend said "don't mind him, he's drunk"  I said "I don't care, I'll take it".  Hooray!
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/16/2009,40,251,9,10,11>My wife and I have been back several times since my initial review. Each visit has been great. Service is not the greatest, but the food is darned good and it's so close to our house! I'm sorry others are upset by what many consider progress, but we live near the corner of 360 & 2222. We weren't too thrilled when Waterloo moved in and started doing outdoor live music events every month or two, but we learned to live with it. Same thing goes for the County Line. They have live music too and we've not complained once, even though we can easily hear it at our house when they play. We can also smell when their pits are fired up. I guess I should be complaining to the police that their pits are infringing on my right to breathe BBQ smoke-free air. What the HELL has happened to this city? People wonder why we've lost so much of our "Live Music Capital" moniker. I'll tell you why....it's because of whiny people who complain about live music.Here's a thought - as long as they're over by 10p, there's not much you can do. If it bothers you so much, and if what they're doing is not illegal, go ahead and MOVE! Nobody is forcing you to stay where you are.  Heck, mortgage rates are at historic lows and home prices are about as low as they're ever going to get. Why don't you get started and I'll call some movers to help you get packed? As another person who lives in the neighborhood, I like live music and am happy The Hub offers it.I agree with at least one other reviewer that thinks people complaining about the sound of live music in their neighborhood really miss the point of Yelp. Your problems with ownership/management regarding neighborhood issues shouldn't impact your review of whether or not The Hub is a good place to eat, but I guess that's the beauty of Yelp. Frankly, I'd rather use Yelp to get reviews, not debate local issues.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,4/15/2009,724,628,15,33,23>After four straight days of damp, overcast, chilly temperatures (which might be some kind of record around these parts), I was in the mood for something hot and spicy, and maybe even a little fried.  So when I saw the Austinist post extolling the virtues of hot & crunchy chicken cones at The Mighty Cone, I decided I needed to check it out, pronto.The Mighty Cone is housed in a trailer just down the way from Hey Cupcake on South Congress.  Not surprisingly given its modest quarters, the menu is fairly limited - eight types of cones (including two dessert cones), sliders in one meat and one veggie incarnation, Blue Bell shakes, and chili-dusted fries.  I couldn't find a menu online before I headed over there, so I snapped a pic of it while I was there and posted it here in case you're the sort that needs to figure out your game plan beforehand.Based on the gushing about the hot & crunchy chicken cone on the Austinist, I ordered one of those, and couldn't resist also getting a hot & crunchy shrimp cone and an order of fries to share so I could sample those, as well.  A pic of all three is posted above.  These are more or less tacos that have been rolled to fit into a white paper cone.  I loved the batter, which is a mixture of sesame seeds, almonds, chili flakes, sea salt, sugar, and corn flakes.  Both the chicken and the shrimp cones were drizzled with an ancho chile aioli and garnished with mango-jalapeno coleslaw.  Tasty overall, to be sure, but I found myself wishing that either the cones or the fries would deliver a bit more of a kick; I didn't find either particularly spicy and had definitely expected them to be given all the heat in the descriptions.  I also thought the portion sizes were much too small given the price.  Yes, this is food brought to us by the same folks as the considerably more upscale Hudson's on the Bend, but when you're serving what basically amounts to tacos (albeit creatively packaged and beautifully described) out of a trailer, you've got a fair amount of serious competition in this city.  I had one and a half cones, half an order of fries, and a bottled water - my half amounting to right around $10 not including tax - and I wasn't really full afterwards.I think this is a fun concept, and I'm generally a fan of gourmet-styled food in casual surroundings, but the price combined with the moderate portion sizes does give me pause.  I'll probably be back, but I'll likely reserve my visits for days when my appetite isn't quite so mighty.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,4/14/2009,246,167,23,17,14>I may have found my new "On the way home I stopped for a beer, and ended up spendin' the week in Jail," bar.  Seriously, last Thursday night I had a blast in here, but I got straight up, Country music DRUNK.  Let's put it this way, at $2.50 domestic bottles, I drank $35 worth of beer, all whilst playin' shuffleboard and pool, talkin' to a mannequin, flirtin' with Alex M. and Jack's wife and the cute chick bartender, and singin' along with the best all country jukebox I may have ever, EVER come across (note:the Mean Eyed Cat's juke has Journey in it, don't get all up in arms, people).  Buddy's is one of those great little Austin dive bars that I debate tellin' everyone about, or keepin' to myself.  Yelp rules prohibit the keepin' of secrets, however, so I've outed them.  Also, drinkin' at Buddy's will make your born and raised Texas accent just a bit stronger, thereby eliminatin' the "g" on the end of most gerunds.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,4/13/2009,178,69,22,16,18>The personal space up in here is like, two seconds away from communal seating.*  Granted, I was seated with my back against a wall and placed in a corner (no one puts Rezrie in the corner!), but to sit within sampling distance (you gonna eat that?) next to people who are not in your party makes for some fairly expensive real estate when you take the check into consideration.  Just a thought.  Anyhow, the sushi here is worth the somewhat cramped quarters, which is decorated tastefully - good lighting, clean, a little green, a little chic without trying too hard.  The rolls were really good (the volcano in particular) but the special of the night, live eel nigiri, was frigga fresh.  We had their yum xxx roll (must sushi be sexualized?) and ex-girlfriend roll (see what I mean?), but I'm sure their abstinence roll is just as exciting.** *people who like communal seating also enjoy chatting people up on planes**it absolutely is not
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,4/12/2009,124,118,15,16,16>I hate chicken. I grew up eating chicken nearly every day of my life and swore off of that vile little bird as I peeled out of my mother's driveway and on to college. But I loved it here. I even sucked its little bones. (Thank you to my company for not judging me for that!)I even loved it *before* DYL night really got started. And the sugar snap peas that I'm guessing were blanched then grilled plus the farro added to the experience. Additionally, the wine selection is expansive and is competitively priced with SPEC's. You can order a bottle at basically a SPEC's price and for a $10 corking fee they will gladly serve you here. No 120% + markup here.I was disappointed Taste Select wasn't busier than it was. It really deserves to be considering its dark and cozy ambiance, beautiful dishes at reasonable prices, and unpretentious but terribly knowlegeable and welcoming staff.Disclaimer:  Due to the place basically needing to serve as both a restaurant and a wine cellar, it can be cold. Servers do provide ladies complimentary shawls upon request, but you might want to consider your seating carefully so as not to ruin a night of freshly-shaven legs due to goosebumps.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,4/10/2009,16,29,3,5,5>The lunch is flavorful and an ample portion to get you throught he afternoon.  I will recommend the Carne Guisda - it is served in the best sauce I have had in Austin.  Even better than Fonda San Miguel's Guisada.The chairs are comfortable, this is one of the most important features at any restaurant that I frequent.  The service is friendly and quick. You can get in and out easily within an hour - if you get there before 12:15.For years, i had walked on by the Copa, I am so glad that I finally ventured in.  I am now a regular lunch customer.Only 4 stars at this time, until I have a chance to experience the nightlife.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,4/9/2009,124,52,1,9,9>It just feels like Austin to sit under a big tree on mismatched outdoor furniture eating yummy homemade food from an Airstream trailer. The wait was exceedingly long on the day we went, but I think if you are prepared with a magazine or a board game and your own cooler of chilled beverages, you'll make it through just fine. The prices are very reasonable for such a wide selection of fresh ingredients, and I really enjoyed every single bite of the tarragon chicken w/ Gruyere, and the mushroom veggie one. What I mostly love is how uber-casual the atmosphere is, while the food is creative and fresh and a nice change from the daily taco.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,4/7/2009,188,425,12,13,12>It almost pains me to write this, but I had the most efficient experience at the Travis County Tax Office today.  Get this...Thursday afternoon, right after lunch hour... we are going in to complete 2 daunting tasks: obtain a marriage license and renew my registration that never arrived in the mail.It took less than 20 minutes to get both done.  It was like everyone was taking speed and moved us along at such a quick pace.  As we walked out, I was still in awe.  FYI: the cost of a marriage license has now sky-rocked to $71.  They don't take checks and you must have exact dinero.Bonus points for having The Onion in the lobby.  Austin really rocks.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,4/6/2009,171,194,3,7,7>Going to the Yogurt Spot is like being abducted by aliens who feed you delicious futuristic desserts and then release you back to Earth where you are left to think about what an other-worldly experience you just had.When you enter the store, you are confronted by a semi-circle of yogurt machines (approximately 16 flavors at last count) that boast flavors ranging from tart and green tea to burrberry, taro, mint, and pistachio.  You can ask the cashier for sample cups and once you've made up your mind, you can grab a container and serve yourself.  Kind of like the salad bar at Whole Foods, I have to work hard to self monitor so I don't end up paying $6 for yogurt - I like a $4 to $5 range.  But with so many flavors and toppings to choose from, this is a tall order.I usually like mint, burberry, and tart with mochi and pop tarts but lately they've been out of pop tarts (insert sad face here).  In the absence of pop tarts, I go for graham crackers or something else crunchy that will offset my chewy mochi.  In reality, I think this frozen yogurt craze is my excuse to ingest large quantities of mochi.   Parking can be tricky at the Yogurt Spot, but because they are located on the Drag and they boast such an impressive selection of flavors, I'm committed to the cause.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,4/5/2009,11,17,12,11,9>So yes... the location is awkward.  We stopped in there a couple of weeks ago with my boyfriend's sister who was fresh off the airplane and slightly drunk/hungover from a 5 hour layover at the airport bar.  She had the typical disappointed reaction when we pulled into the stripcenter and jokingly asked if we were taking her to "Restaurant" per the sign above the entrance, then doubled over when she realized that actually was the spot.  We never filled her in, and now affectionately refer to it as Restaurant.  When you walk in, it doesn't smell like bleach and vomit, and it only gets better from there.  They have old school dart boards (free!)   Naked Photo Hunt (Woohoo!!)  I have NEVER been to Bender without hearing some Journey and Bon Jovi  on the jukebox (So Shoot Me!)  I haven't tried the food myself but watched my girlfriend hoover a chili-cheese dog and waffle fries that looked up to the challenge of soaking up plenty of ridiculously cheap beers.The outdoor area is huge.  Plenty of tables.  Music.  Horsheshoes (WTF).  Smoking.  Mmmmmm.And I'm a total weirdo for mentioning this, but here goes...Other people have mentioned that when they walk into Bender they feel at home.  I feel that way walking into their bathroom.  Yes, I'm a freak.  (Read complete germaphobe).  But, come on, if you've been in the ladies rooms downtown, you know we are NOT the fairer sex! They have yummy soap and are never out of paper towels.  It's ALWAYS clean.  The toilet overflowed on New Yrs, and they had it cleaned up in 10 minutes.  That's the kind of service that gets me all worked up!  Plus the girls there are unusually nice...always complimenting your shoes, your sweater, your sweet technique of holding your beer in your teeth while you pee.  Plus they seem to wash their hands 75% more than drunk girls in the general population.  I'm just sayin'.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,4/4/2009,27,17,19,15,12>Due to a non-functioning hypothalamus, my body has no register for being full.  I look at every meal like it's just an appetizer.  Were it not for Castle Hill, my obituary headline would definitely involve something about exterior wall demolition and an industrial crane.This is truly a spectacular gym.  Since I joined last fall, they've just gotten better; continuing to streamline the layout/design and upgrading equipment.   But never in a way that precludes one from getting the full benefit of the facilities.The Pilates and Yoga rooms are amazing and the instructors are wonderful.  The cardio equipment is plentiful and state-of-the-art.  I like that they have the traditional stuff (treadmills, ellipticals, bikes) in addition to more unique offerings like the infinite rope pull machine, motorized climbing wall, hand pedaler, Jacob's perpetual ladder and, my personal favorite, the  vibrating Power Plate.For the beefcakes, there's also beaucoups of weight machines to target every part of your body, and a Muscle Beach free weight area surrounded by mirrors so you can watch yourself kiss your oily biceps.Because of the layout, there are so many nooks, you don't feel like you're on display in some monolithic chamber.  It also affords the more meditative gym rats with a peaceful experience.  They also offer Acupuncture, Massage and a full-service cycling shop.  Not to mention the uber-convenient and healthy cafe, which caters to every possible dietary restriction with delicious, organic and mostly local food.I'm deducting one star because they close just a bit too early--9 p.m. M-F, and 7 p.m. on the weekends--and because parking can be a pain at peak hours.  I hate having to walk a long way to go work out.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,4/3/2009,10,37,5,10,9>I'm a fool for a good donut. I have labored in my kitchen over a pot of hot oil trying to create the perfect donut. I have tried every recipe and even created my own. I have woken up at the crack of dawn on Sunday morning to beat the rush to our local donut shop in order to snag a box of fresh, hot, glazed donuts.Thankfully, I discovered Mrs. Johnson's and can now sleep in on Sunday mornings.The shop keeps bizarre hours, there's no doubt about it. They don't cater to the churchgoing crowd. But whomever they cater to, these are some lucky fokls, because these donuts are, bar none, the finest I've ever had. Forget Krispy Kreme. Forget Round Rock. These are what you want. Trust me.Soft. Flavorful. Not overly sweet, and that's important. Anyone can dump sugar into some dough. While the glazed are my favorites, their fresh chocolate cake are phenomenal as well. They taste of chocolate; they aren't just oversugared pieces of fried dough.If you're looking for hot, melt-in-your-mouth glazed donuts, show up starting at 8:45. In the evening. (I know, right?!) He has hot donuts as early at 7:45, but they won't be glazed. Still, any donut that comes out of this shop hot is going to be delicious, so I recommend being adventuresome. The owner is very nice, and he always gives us extra donuts whenever we pull through the drive-thru.It's not unusual to see cars lining up in the drive-thru before the shop opens, just waiting for the OPEN light to flicker on. And if you're lucky, he'll open the shop early and satisfy your donut craving with a smile and an extra, hot donut.  An absolute personal favorite.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,4/1/2009,392,291,24,13,21>I'm always falling for vegetarians. I think it might have something to do with sex drives or pheromones, I'm not exactly sure. You would think I'd have eaten at a lot more vegetarian restaurants, but I have not.Mr. Natural was about our third of fourth date. I was stuck in traffic so she had to wait around for me for once. As usual, she was wearing something cute and I looked like a bum in my jeans and black hoodie. We stood in the cafeteria-like line and I ordered mushroom tacos. I went to grab a seat and she sat across from me. I'll never forget the way her eyes looked at me. Wide, light blue -- one looking at me and the other one looking beyond me. Could have possibly just been a lazy eye, but my immediate thought was, "this girl is crazy." I will never settle for anything less than crazy. Everything else is too boring. My mushroom tacos were good. I cleared my plate and she ordered a cookie that we shared. We talked for a while longer and wore out our welcome as they began stacking the chairs on top of the tables. I walked her to her car and we had our first sober kiss. If a time machine is invented before I die, I will go back and teach myself what I know now and keep replaying these moments until I get them right.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,3/31/2009,211,223,27,16,18>we enjoyed an awesome brunch at south congress cafe yesterday with our teenaged daughter.  "the perfect family", she proclaimed, since her brother had opted to stay at home.well. the perfect family had pretty close to the perfect brunch.  atmosphere is open and airy and bright.  the kitchen graciously accommodated my request for egg-white migas (hey, a girl's gotta start somewhere), which were fantastic.  i chose their morita salsa, and it was a great compliment.  the gouda potato pancake rocked.  bit of history: back when i was a kid, we had to walk 5 miles barefoot in the snow *uphill* just to get old white bread crusts dipped in egg batter, fried, and slathered in mrs. butterworth's.  my, how the times have changed.  my daughter had the carrot cake french toast and it was rich and delicious and amazing.  so amazing, in fact, that i fulfilled my motherly duty and finished it off for her.then they rolled me home.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,3/30/2009,78,223,4,21,11>What a great place!  I had the $25 pedicure which includes the scrub and a hot rock massage on your lower legs and feet.  They also have a deluxe pedicure for $35 which I think just adds a leg mask? I don't remember the name of the woman who gave me the pedicure (I think her name began with an M?) but she was wonderful! I'm super ticklish and she hardly made my feet twitch at all. And she gave a great leg massage. While my toes were drying, Derry(?) gave me a neck/shoulder massage. She did explain that they were only able to do that when it wasn't busy, so I'm planning to only visit on weekday afternoons :)It was also very clean and both the women working were very friendly. They even give you a little bottle of water when you come in like at a fancy salon.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,3/29/2009,40,84,9,10,13>Are you looking to get wasted as fast as possible?  Looking to do body shots of Jagermeister off a coed?  Do your only cocktails consist of *booze of the day* + Red Bull?  Is rye only a bread to you?  Then get your ass out of this bar and head up to 6th Street with the other bartards.  If, on the other hand, you enjoy a fine hand-mixed cocktail created from fresh ingredients by a knowledgeable bartender who can discuss the evolution of said drink with you...then Peche is the bar for you.Not to say that it's just a bar.  They have food.  I just didn't try any of that.  Last night's mission was drinking, and drinking is serious business at this bar.  I couldn't tell you if they had beer or not.  I didn't see any taps, and that's just fine with me.  No, this bar serves my first love of intoxication:  hard liquor.  And they serve it well.The bartenders were quite friendly, and very concerned about the quality of the drinks they served.  The syrups and some of the bitters are made in-house.  Known for their absinthe, they have the whole setup for slow-drip sugar dissolution into the absinthe.  So if you want to trip the green fairy, this is an ideal place for you.  If you prefer a classic cocktail, this is also a place for you.  They serve up a fine Negroni, the best Sazerac in Austin and are very proud of their house-made liquors (their mixmaster had just made a batch of blood orange-cello, and I was given a taste of that sweet nectar). The downsides to this place?  Well, the drinks can be expensive.  If you're concerned about your drinking budget, ask before ordering.  The menu has no prices on it.  However, if you're out with a couple of Jacksons in your wallet (just so long as it's Andrew and not Tito), you can easily sit and drink the night away at this fine bar.  The couches looked comfortable, but my friends and I decided that this was the type of place where you should probably sit at the bar.  After all, it's not every day that you get to see your drinks being made from real fruit and quality ingredients as opposed to nuclear cherries and corn syrup.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,3/28/2009,111,232,11,9,10>I don't want to give away too much since it was their first day.The flashy green truck and winking asian girl on her knees should be enough to grab anybody's attention. It certainly grabbed mine when I came home from work today and saw that it was finally open.Do I give it a try? First day? I walk over. Pad Thai bowl $3.75. Yes.After a friendly conversation with the girl running the truck, I have good feelings about the place. I am supposed to bring her feedback next time on how the Pad Thai could be made better. Given it is the first day, I'm going to hold off my food quality review until I give them another try.I asked about where the name came from. "Its how my mom talks", she said. "Some people asked if it is spelled Miso Hungry, but I have to tell them no - its spelled the dirty way" Awesome.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2008,3/27/2009,184,184,11,14,12>Ok, seriously?  A COOKIE BAR?  I love this town.  Places devoted entirely to cupcakes, cookies delivered straight to your door, and now a COOKIE BAR.Before I stopped by I couldn't quite figure out how they'd be able to make you a single, custom cookie without taking forever and charging a ton.  Turns out that they have a couple of smaller, retro-styled, freestanding ovens.  They mix up a glob of your chosen dough with your "mix-ins" (similar to the way Amy's mixes up your ice cream) and pop it in the oven.  I'd say it takes about 10-15 minutes to bake, depending on the size of your cookie.  Then they add any sauces, whipped cream, or ice cream and you get to snarf your cookie hot out of the oven.  YUM.They have a wide variety of drinks.  I had a Chocolate Milano milkshake which was pretty much NECTAR, THE DRINK OF THE GODS, but I imagine the other flavors are good too.  There's also juices and lots of milk (naturally).  Soy milk, organic milk, hemp milk (?!?), and good old-fashioned milk.  Bonus for environmentally-conscious people: my "plastic" drink cup was made out of CORN, so it's biodegradable.  Awesome.The decor is colorful and cheery, with oversize couches to lounge on and crazy light sculptures.  I think my only real complaint about this place is that it doesn't look like the Korova Milk Bar.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,3/26/2009,315,273,23,21,24>As I start the first day of my liquid diet, I find myself fantasizing about the fantastic meal I had here yesterday.It started with $3 Bellinis that I would have gladly paid more for.  DAMN they were good.Then I had the potato-crusted tilapia with TWO , count 'em, T-W-O starches. The rice pilaf - phenomenal and the green chili cheese mashers which were smashing (get it? it has the word 'mash', oh forget it)The tilapia was a wee bit fishy, but I would murder a piece right now.  The serving sizes are truly of epic proportions.  I am on the verge of tears realizing that it will be a few weeks before I can return.  But I shall return as there are several items I look forward to trying.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,3/25/2009,105,47,7,11,7>We ended up in Yu Sushi last week after being turned away at Starlight because of a private party.The place was pretty empty when we arrived and never really filled past half capacity the whole time we were there. The staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was modern, yet subdued.We let Allison (P) N. choose our selection as I'm not a very picky eater when it comes to sushi and Janet wasn't interested in eating sushi. I have no clue how Kevin feels on the matter, but he didn't object.Kevin didn't object to much of anything. Except the automated sink in the bathroom. Seems Kevin has an issue with faucets without knobs. The sink also had this sloped slate thing which the water ran onto before going down the drain. This slate, positioned at a 45 degree angle, also had the side-effect of splashing water into your nether regions (yay! I did it!).The food was delicious. Very fresh sushi and the fatty tuna had tons of flavor. The spider roll was a bid thin on spider, but came to the table with the hot side hot and the cold side cold. Just like a McDLT!The main downside, and the reason this place doesn't earn that fifth star, was the rate at which they brought our food out. They would bring one selection out at a time, which in itself is kind of nice as you know everything you are eating is as fresh as possible. The issue was the delay between finishing one plate of items and receiving the next. The grilled sirloin, presented last, took a particularly long time to come out.This wasn't much of a problem for us this night, but I certainly hope their timing improves when they have a full restaurant on their hands.I love sushi. Unfortunately, my wife isn't as keen on it. So I really enjoy an opportunity to have a great experience at a sushi restaurant. I haven't been to the top-rated places in Austin yet, but I have to say that Yu Shushi deserves a try and maybe even a spot on your regular haunts.Sorry I wasn't funny.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2008,3/24/2009,48,60,14,11,9>Finally, I have an answer for the "Last Meal on Earth" question: Fried friedness. And Ross' will be one of the finalists for preferred caterer.Chicken fried steak. French fries. Fried okra. That was my dinner the other night. It was worth all five bizillionquadrillion calories, even if I can't eat again for the rest of the month. It was all good, but I must specifically rave over the chicken fried steak--fried friedness perfected. It was tender with just the right amount of crispiness. It wasn't too big or too small (I left two bites. I'm very proud of my self-restraint). And the gravy was thick and tasty (and mighty scrumptious slathered all over the Texas toast). I've been a little hesitant to order chicken fried steak anywhere since an unfortunate incident involving massive amounts of gristle a few years back, but I do believe Ross' has cured me of my fear (unfortunately for my thighs).I don't know if every meal comes with a little flattery on the side, but someone (the owner? The owner's son?) came over to us and said he was honored by our visit because they don't see too many supermodels. It should be no surprise, then, that I'll say the service was great, too, even if the girl behind the counter was on her cell phone while ringing us up. That didn't bother me; it seemed to fit the overall laidback vibe of the place.The random middle-of-nowhere location means I probably won't be a regular, but I'll definitely make a special trip and take my sweet little Southern mom there for some good home cookin' the next time she's in town.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2008,3/22/2009,704,840,22,25,19>Yesterday I met a friend for lunch at the Chili Parlor. I grabbed a menu as I was sitting down and (I'm pretty sure my butt had not hit the chair seat yet) the guy was there asking "Drink?" One word. Drink. It was a short conversation since we wanted water.Within seconds he is back with the water sloshing it onto the table top. He doesn't say "oops" or "excuse me" or bring a rag so we mop it up with napkins.About two minutes later, "Guy With No Customer Service Training" is back to ask, "Ready?"  Dude.  We just got here. Plus we are women. We chat briefly and do the female bonding thing. Then we order. So, a little more time please.After MAYBE two minutes "he's baa-aaack" (cue music from "The Shining"). We order. "Guy With No Customer Service Training" leaves and we are left to chat and female bond.Our meal is quickly delivered by "Guy With No Customer Service Training" who is now sporting a frown.  He plops both orders down and whirls around.  Within minutes our ticket is placed on the table. Hey.  We are women. Remember? We eat, chat, and enjoy ourselves. Don't. Rush. Us.  I have been to the Chili Parlor, maybe, a hundred times. I go because it's close to the Capitol and I can walk there. Period. The food is okay.  Passable.  The decor is the same as it has always been.  Old signs, tables, chairs and creaky wood floor. The service is, well, you get the picture.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2009,3/21/2009,212,150,19,10,20>Samuel Johnson referred to the pun as "the lowest form of humor".William Shakespeare wrote "the better part of valor is discretion."It has also been said that subtlety is the hallmark of true wisdom.So what does that leave for this review?The Good Knight: a fine place that I will frequent.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,3/20/2009,12,82,5,15,7>Why did no one tell me about this place before!!   I have been wanting eyelash extensions for years, and only now have found the place where they are affordable.  $55 on special, $75 regularly, $35 touch-ups.  Kathryn F. did a great job.  It was a very weird sensation getting my lashes put on, but you should see them, they are amazing!  No wonder people pay $200 retail for them.  The decor is also beautiful.  It definitely feels like a real day spa.  I can't wait to go back and try all of their other services!
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,3/19/2009,8,9,18,15,15>So I was at this bar and I got into a fight with this crazy girl over a cherry vodka sour.  I woke up in jail and needed to not be in jail.   Ahhh, I'm just kidding!  I really just needed a will.I was referred to the Smith Firm so I made an appointment to assess my needs and get my business in order.  In case I kick the bucket.  I met with Travis who was friendly and knowledgeable.  He didn't speak over my head and he didn't try to talk me into something I did not need.  He was super quick to prepare my will and power of attorney.  He doesn't charge the giant lawyer prices, probably because he is not in a giant downtown office building.  That's the only not great thing about The Smith Firm: the office is a bit small and no frills.  I guess it's better when your lawyer doesn't sit behind a big expensive desk and offer you sparkling water.  I didn't feel like I was getting jacked = happyface.I'd recommend the Smith Firm to anyone needing a good, honest lawyer, jail or no jail.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,3/18/2009,55,80,6,12,12>Wow.  Yummy.  Really yummy.  I got the lemongrass chicken sandwich and, because I was forewarned by Yelp that the sandwiches are small, also pork summer rolls.  The sandwich wasn't that small but since I have been ravenous lately I appreciated the extra food.  Everything was really flavorful with bright clean flavors and a bit of kick.  This food is an addiction waiting to happen.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,3/17/2009,315,239,7,23,16>Hidden away in a warehouse in an industrial park just northeast of 183 & MoPac is an active kid's dream birthday party location. Pump It Up offers 7+ different kinds of inflated bounce-houses (aka "moonwalks") for your 2 hour *private* party of 14-25 (or more) kids ages 2 to 18.  Each attraction is monitored by friendly, trained staff members and everyone is comfortable inside the large, carpeted, air-conditioned rooms.After a short safety video & orientation, party guests are led to the first room where they can slide down a giant slide, climb and jump through an obstacle course, or just jump in a plain bounce-house.  Adult guests can join in with the kids, watch from the sidelines, or play air hockey. Forty-five minutes later, you move to the 2nd room, with even more inflatables, including a larger obstacle course and a basketball court bounce-house. By the end of the 2nd segment, all the kids are sweaty and exhausted, and more than ready to move to the 3rd room for pizza, cake, and the rest of the celebration.Food is catered by Austin's Pizza, and the party host gets to choose which flavors to order.  This was a happy surprise for me, as I enjoy AP's BBQ and MoPac pies, and I had been prepared to consume something much less appealing, like the Chuck E Cheese stuff.The party we attended was for a 4 year-old and he and all his friends had an awesome time at Pump It Up. Our child is not quite 2, so we weren't sure there would be much for him to do at this party, but he had a blast anyway.  He spent most of his time chasing the big kids, running in the open spaces, or climbing up and sliding down the vinyl covered foam ramps that lead into each of the attractions. He even came down the tall slide with me a couple of times. In the 2nd room, they also had a few ride-on toys for the little ones.The only downside for us was that there is a no shoes policy in both of the bounce-house rooms. That's acceptable in the inflatables and on the carpeted area, but the first 8 feet or so away from the wall is not carpeted, so lots of little kids were falling down and hitting the floor hard when they ran full speed from the carpet onto the vinyl tiles. Some non-skid coating, a barrier, or some other solution needs to be implemented before there's a serious injury.For those who want to check out the place before booking a party, you can try the Pop-In Pre-K Playtime from 9:30a-11a on Mondays and Thursdays. This option is $5 and only available for kids ages 2 to 6.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,3/16/2009,22,59,6,18,10>Now, as a Yelp fanatic, I was initially skeptical about visiting The Crossings. I did what any semi-quasi-logical gal would do. I sent The Crossings an email and received a well-written, long personal email in return. I quoted some of the things that were written here... issues from food to services and beyond. And for each objection, I was given a good, honest response to each. (New Chef, for example!) After the exchange of emails, I decided to book a package.  First of all, to clear up some confusion, the day pass price varies based on the season and depending on what day you choose to visit. AND, IT DOES INCLUDE LUNCH! Read more about that here: thecrossingsaustin.com/wI'll be the first to say that the thought of paying $55 to spend a day at the spa without any services was crazy, but when I got to The Crossings, I understood. So here goes....The place sits on more than 200 acres of Balcones Preserve land. (Gorgeous trails!) The grounds are incredibly peaceful! I spent two hours at the sanctuary, a large beautiful room with a couple of meditation pillows, a couple of simple chairs, and incredible views. There was a small pond outside, and all I could hear was the trickle of water. I haven't been that relaxed in MONTHS. Furthermore, I sat there uninterrupted. No noise. No people. Just a beautiful silently air-conditioned room surrounded by nature.Now for the pool. I spent a few hours in the pool as well. One of the benefits of visiting is that you have access to the non-tuition based activities. The day I visited, there was a "Fitness Fun" class scheduled indoors, but the instructor opted to hold a water-aerobics class. Now exercising while I'm at a spa didn't sound like it would be appealing, but the instructor was fantastic and admittedly, I was sore the next day. :) I thought water aerobics was for old ladies (no offense) but I was surprised at how good of a workout I got. It didn't feel like a good workout at the time, and I attribute that to the fact that water aerobics is not high impact. OOPS, tangent. So back to the pool. WOW! WOW! WOW! The photos on the website do NOT do it justice. Beautiful infinity edge pool overlooking Lake Travis and rolling Texas Hill Country. Outdoor showers, plush towels, comfortable loungers, a hot tub, and a cold dip had me smiling from ear to ear. Now to services. I opted for a mud wrap and a deep tissue massage. YES, there was "energy work" done at the beginning of the massage. I personally like it. If you don't, have the huevos to tell your therapist to skip it and go straight to the massage! My therapist was Megan, who also works at the spa as a flying trapeze instructor (a seasonal tuition course that ends at the end of the month). Although she was small in stature, she gave me enough pressure to release some deep seated mother-in-law-related-stress. (I'm joking of course! My mother-in-law, though we've had our differences, it a pretty spectacular woman!) Seriously, though, the massage room had a large window and the room was filled with natural light.Did I mention the steam room? Probably not. Why? Because steamin' is for vegetables, son! I did actually go in for a minute, but there was enough outside humidity this day . Someone had complained about the lockers. The lockers are NOT small, but there are built in compartments within the lockers that made stuffing in my fashionable duffel bag a little difficult. No whoop. They probably would have given me a second locker if I had asked.So tangent again..rrrriiiiggght..... the mud wrap therapist, Amy was SUPER cool. She politely smeared mud all over me and even came to my rescue to get it off those hard reach places as I tried to rinse. Afterwards, I was massaged lightly with a lovely smelling oil. I left the room feeling energized, yet relaxed. If I had to do it again, I probably wouldn't do the mud wrap. Amy was GREAT, but I could have smeared mud all over myself at Burning Man last year and felt about  the same way.As for the food, it was good, not spectacular. This day there was a salad bar with assorted (fresh) toppings of all sorts. That part was great. Annie's Natural salad dressings are delish! There was a fish entree (a little on the oily side--- not exactly wellness food) and a veggie pizza on what appeared to be some kind of grainy healthy-type crust. The soup was a veggie soup and good, but I would have liked to see something a little more jazzy... and maybe on other days, they have more jazzy soups. This is maybe one area where I feel this place could improve slightly. I am, however, not going to drop a star in rating because I chose, voluntarily to eat greasy fish (to get a good sampling for you Yelpers out there) instead of a large healthy salad. In summary, this is NOT Lake Austin, nor are they trying to be. It's more part hippie, part executive retreat, and totally fabulous! 5 Stars and 2 thumbs up!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2008,3/15/2009,5,11,10,5,8>BEST THEATRE EVER. PERIOD.its funny, they charge around the same price for an entree that the large chain theatres charge for a large popcorn and coke.A No Brainer.PLUS Makes the whole "dinner and a movie" date thing one step more efficient.so you can get to the next step quicker (wink wink)
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,3/14/2009,94,126,18,14,16>Football.By that I mean the English Premiership which Cuatros will now be showing on weekends on their insanely huge multiscreen on the patio. It's also available on all the flatscreens throughout the place. I went there this morning to watch the Manchester United season opener (the place was still teeming with Chelsea fans, but that was nothing a little roach spray didn't fix) and had a pint (20 oz) of Guinness and a breakfast taco for five bucks. Additional pints were only $3 (!) so that was Sunday breakfast. What! Beer before noon? Yes indeed. Sun's over the yardarm somewhere.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,3/13/2009,27,69,4,10,8>i am no expert in thai food, but i do know when something is f-ing awesome. the drunken noodles (no idea about the derivation of the name) were the perfect mix of flavor and heat - made with fresh rice noodles, not the dried ones. not that i have anything against the dried, it's just that i haven't knowingly eaten a freshly made rice noodle before. i could have eaten a mountain of them... but i settled for just one plate full.  my 4 yr old had the pad thai (smaller portions are available), and then he settled in the corner of the store where they've got some toys and books to keep a little one or two occupied while you finish up. nice touch for those who need it.extra star for carrying maine root's blueberry soda in the cooler. don't knock it 'til you've tried it. i like my sodas super sweet, and this was a nice counterpoint to the savory noodles.i'll be back for sure when i'm in that neck of the woods.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,3/12/2009,22,17,23,10,10>For starters.....this lounge is absolutely puh-RECIOUS. I love going to a place that's sectioned off so you can choose your "scene" depending on the mood you happen to be in. "Hey....you uh....you feelin' sexy, bitch? Yeaaaah....take a seat right back there in between some swank-ass curtains in a plushy, couchy-thingy with a lighting that's......oh-so-senssssssual.""Wait a minute, you social butterfly, you. Looking to "expose" yourself and sit in the middle of a haven for those looking to excercise their conversational skills? Please....have a seat here.""Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm, sucka'....that breeze feels like some magic all-up-in-my-face as it's blows my weave to-and-fro in this night (afternoon?) air makin' my b-e-a-utiful ass look like a movie star. You want to hit up a little patio action? Right this way.Now, let's move on to Amanda's FAVORITE part....the boozey-booze. Ok, um, the BLOODY MARYS are the BEST I've had in Austin. Oh, hot damn...hot......daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa­mn. The reason why I decided to go this route, seeing as I'm a Whiskey girl, is because I saw celery stalks that looked genetically altered and I thought, "Oh, snap....I bet this means they know how to make a dank-ass Mary here." How f*$%#ing right.....I.....was. Let me break it down for you, bit-by-bit.1)The Jalapeno/Lime/Cilantro infused Vodka. I didn't even know that shit was in existence. F*$% me.....like....seriously.2) The mix. I don't even know what in the hell it was bc I was too focused on the fact that number one was going to be incorporated into my beverage and it was like Christmas morning, on crack. I needed a sedative. None-the-less.....the mix worked. 3) Mouth-watering Tabasco, son. Ask him to shake that shit until you've reached a level that you feel, visually, will fully satisfy all expectations. MMm.3)Three olives on a toothpick. Standard? Hell, it should be, but I've been places that straight JACKED me and I was not a happy camper. Bless you for doin' it up RIGHT!!4) "What the.....what....dude....DUDE......are those.....OH GOD IN HEAVEN.....PICKLED OKRA!!!! AHHHH!!!!" This is a dream come true. Hardly anywhere I've been does this. I adore pickled okra. 5) "Um....are you really grabbing another jar, silly sir?! Banana peppers!!??  I love those bastards!" I've never even had them in a Mary, but I can only imagine, and soon, it'll be a reality.6) Wow.....wow....um......I think I see.....PICKLED GREEN BEANS??! "Seriously, bro, this is too intense....I can't even deal with this shit any more. I'm going to pass out."7) BAM! As the GINORMOUS celery stalk is inserted into the most magical Mary I've ever seen, I simultaneously hit the floor. An emotional overload.I can't even talk about the taste, bc well, I'm in the club house and I'll start humping the keyboard. Naturally, I wouldn't give a rats ASS, but uh.....they recently installed cameras and I'm not looking to get fined or evicted. I'd rather my money go to RIO RITA'S!!!!!God....that shit was true life, ya'll.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,3/11/2009,91,169,6,11,10>I can't think of a better way to enjoy a warm Austin evening than to sit in the parking lot with friends and drinking beer at the Draught House. If it is a tad on the warm side for you outside, the atmosphere inside is classic pub style, and they have their A/C system running well. Their selection of home brews and other beers on tap are so varied and wonderful, that whatever your current beer mood, you will be satisfied. Even if you show up late on a Sunday evening, when they are awaiting their next beer shipment and out of several drafts, the friendly bartenders will steer you in the right direction and you just might try something you hadn't thought you would like. We now keep a few camp chairs in the trunk...ready for when our mood or friends take us back to the Draught House.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,3/10/2009,44,37,14,9,10>Dear All Other Desserts that Are Not Yogurt from Yogurt Planet:You guys, we've had a lot of good times--and some not so good times too. Chocolate Blackout Cake from Cheesecake Factory: you were there for me when work was really stressful--and man, I was so happy to celebrate my birthday with you. And then there's you, Amy'sDark Chocolate Ice Cream with Various Crush-In's--oh baby what can I say. We've been on so many dates together, and I'll always remember our jokes about tiny gelato spoons. But, favorite desserts, I have to tell you that I need my own space for a while. I've met another dessert, and it's well--not just one dessert, but the promise of thousands of desserts in unceasingly novel combinations. Yogurt Planet is the new guy's name, and I think we're going to be very, very happy together. See, this dessert is basically fat free, and with like 10 varieties of yogurt and maybe 30 or more toppings, including ripe, fresh fruit--it's better for my health, and my mind. It really comes down to commitment, you know? I just don't think I'm at a point in my life where I can say 'hey, I have one favorite dessert and it'll be my dessert for the rest of my life'. I need to play the field. I need Blueberry and Mango frozen yogurt topped with chocolate chips and strawberries. And sometimes I'm going to want to get a little crazy and have Green Tea frozen yogurt with lychees and crushed nuts. This is just part of my personal development. It's not you other desserts, it's me.So, all other desserts that are not frozen yogurt from Yogurt Planet, I hope we can stay friends. And Lemon Rosemary Cake from Chez Zee, let's get together once in a while--have a couple drinks and who knows what might happen? But for now, I just have to explore this new relationship...I don't know if Yogurt Planet is the Mr. Right of desserts...but I know for sure Yogurt Planet is Mr. Right Now.With All My Love, Kristin
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2008,3/9/2009,611,369,26,18,18>I came in, apprehensive at first.  Turned off by the H-E-B strip center it was in, my food-sex drive totally turning down from a great engine roar to the light putter of a hatch-back on idle.  I started off so ravenous, so excited, at first - thinking, "We're going to have Indian food for lunch! YES YES! YAY-YAY-YAY!"  Then saw the exterior...Almost like finding a really hot chick on match.com, you're so excited, can't wait to meet them, they're going to be so hot... then once I saw the strip mall and realized it was a buffet... it was like walking into the bar to meet your date and maybe it's the lighting but your "Perfect 10 Hottie" is now a "2," and you suspect there was more than a little Photoshop there on the default picture.Certain to be disappointed, I grabbed my plate and gave the eye-roll, "Drink until she's pretty," type-gesture and stood in line for the food.  Then I realized it wasn't a heat-lamped swamp of lentil-dahl and grease-ruined samosas... NO!  It was a gorgeous plethora of soups, curries, curried meats, vegetables, puffy naans, and sweet pudding desserts!It was like the date was totally hot on the inside, we had a great conversation, and as we were walking to the car I realized it was just the lighting after all.  My 10 was a 10!  Bombay Bistro totally put out.  I'm calling her again in 3 days, because... you know, don't wanna come off too eager...
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,3/8/2009,312,517,5,20,16>Last night while trying to park in a narrow spot with a concrete pillar at the front side, I scratched up about a 5 inch x 5 inch square section on the right corner of my front bumper.  The next morning I took my car to Bumper Scuffs Plus.  One of the owners, Richard, said it could be repaired in a few hours the same day.  Best of all, the estimate was one-third to one-half the price that a typical body shop would quote.  (Aside: Most body shops replace your entire bumper and don't do spot work like Bumper Scuffs Plus does.  In the past when I took my car to another body shop for much smaller scratches after being rear-ended, the quote would be around $550 which included car rental for a few days.)  If you are a student, ask if they offer a student discount.  I don't know if they do, but maybe you can save even more.  They take Mastercard and Visa, too.Richard also said that touchups were free and I could even walk around the car with him, point out the paint scratches, and have him fix them on the spot.  This customer service was really awesome.  He was very friendly the whole time and Matt also sounded friendly on the phone when I called with a question later.  I brought my laptop, intending to walk to Genuine Joe's coffeeshop on Anderson Lane, but Richard was kind enough to drop me off there and pick me up when the car was ready!  I don't know if they always have free time to drop off and pick up customers, though.  When I came, he had a canceled appointment so he might've been free.  If you want to travel far away while waiting for the same-day service to be finished, you can also walk to the nearby North Lamar Transit Center bus stop and take the bus anywhere around town.  While in the waiting room later there was another customer waiting in the spacious "office" part of the building.  He asked "What are you in here for?" and we exchanged stories.  This customer had taken the #1 bus and gone downtown while he was waiting for his car work.Richard, unlike some mechanics, dentists, waiters, etc... doesn't try to sell you more than what you came for and he is very modest.  When I saw the finished bumper, it looked like new--the surface looked smooth (you can't touch it) and the typically-hard-to-match gold paint even matched perfectly.  He told me not to wash it for two days.Bumper Scuffs Plus is open from 9 - 6 Monday through Friday and from 9 - usually at least 3 on Saturday.  Its building is easy to find and conveniently located off 183 right next to Enterprise Rent-a-Car.  The Enterprise is located on the Southeast corner of 183 and Lazy Ln.  I'm thrilled to have found this place--thanks, EJ L!  I hope their business grows and grows.  Usually, the "Buy Local" slogan bothers me because most "mom-and-pop" businesses are overpriced compared to chains.  However, I'm so enthralled by the price and quality work here that I plan to take my parents' cars here someday.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,3/7/2009,324,543,7,14,14>Wow, this is the most considerate service I have ever experienced and the best veggie sushi I've ever had.I think our waitress said "Excuse me" 200 times in one meal. She was polite, quiet and a bit nervous. My $9 veggie lunch was a six-piece cucumber roll, and five other vegetable sushi bundles -- marinated carrots, avocado, cucumber, some sweet brown squishy vegetable and an AWESOME, fluffy, sweet omelet square. I also ordered a $5 seaweed salad with just the right combination of seaweed, cucumbers and tart dressing. My friend had the salad, caterpillar roll and a cucumber roll. The presentation on the cucumber roll was clever but a little odd -- it looked more like a pointy nori sno-cone set upright in a plastic stand than a 'roll' -- but the caterpillar was great looking and he just raved about the flavor. It's way out of the way, but if you ever find yourself anywhere near Round Rock, you should track it down and enjoy the cool atmosphere (way more interesting than you'd expect from the strip-mall exterior, very clean and hip, if only they didn't play Muzak), awesome food and eager service.My friend is determined that his favorite place stay open, but I fear that if it's always as empty as it was this afternoon, it'll be closed before long!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,3/6/2009,34,5,15,14,14>Sometimes I wish I could just pitch a tent and live at El Chile.Or turn El Chile into a person, and propose marriage.I think I ate here for the very first time about a year ago.  (Sigh....you always remember your first.)  They had me at "our salsa is blended from fire roasted vegetables," and things quickly escalated after the first (second, tenth?) chilango margarita.  I always order the ceviche or the fish tacos - omega 3's, people - and although I haven't saved room for dessert yet, I know the former pastry chef at Vespaio (Matt Weaver) now works here.Granted, I'm much more a fan of the east side location, rather than the north side.  Not to be a hipster east side snob.  It's just cozier.I've had one sorta flighty waiter, but that's ok!  I forgive you, flighty waiter.  i was probably drunk and scaring you.  I would have run away quickly, too.One more thing: I leerrve the decor here: the colorful walls, low-lit candles, art, etc.  Again, I would be totally ok if El Chile opened their doors to me as a permanent resident.   If you can't tell already, El Chile is one of my favorite Austin restaurants.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,3/5/2009,255,164,44,22,23>Have you ever wondered to yourself, " Where do the rill gangsta g's get all their gear? How do they get uniquely thugged out while looking quite similar?"     I used to wonder that as well, until a friend tipped me off to this spot, knowm sayin?      Nestled in a shopping center at Lamar and Rundberg, Sports Kingdom is a one-stop shop to outfit you. And your crew.      'Cause it's hard out there for a pimp, but not hard in here to find an oversized T-shirt encrusted with rhinestones or airbrushed with Biggie Smalls' face.       I went there looking for a particular pair of sunglasses (locs), but quickly realized I'd stumbled into Thug Heaven. The array of track suits, Tees, do-rags, hats, and assorted bling was dizzying.       Didn't really need any of that stuff, but it's fun to check out. The counter display of fake bling, real bling and grillz was especially enlightening.  I'd seen watches that were fashioned just like spinning rims on a donk, but I'd never priced them before. They are pretty inexpensive!       I did buy a pair of sunglasses, but I couldn't find a velour track suit in my size. The not-so-helpful Asian man that apparently ran the place told me I could check back in 2 weeks.     The only reason I'll be back is to get that awesome framed print of a man with a lady AND a tiger in his boudoir. It screams smooth jazz and satin sheets.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,3/3/2009,325,414,13,34,27>People, pack your cloth bags and go now!!It's awesome. No, it's not as huge nor does it have as much of a selection as Central Market or Whole Foods, but it is, in a word, awesome.And it's open now!I didn't stay long, but I stayed enough to look around and buy a few things. A few really cheap produce items. Eighty-eight cents for a pineapple, I tell ya!  Although lots of cars in the lot, it didn't seem too crowded inside (although the official grand opening isn't until tomorrow).There's sushi and a "deli." There's a few flowers, but not a floral department. The wine and beer selection is slim, but it is there. Lots of natural and organic products--from oatmeal to deodorant.  Tasty bulk items from quinoa to honey-roasted cashews.All of the employees I encountered were super friendly. Not obnoxiously so, but super friendly and helpfulIt's very close to home, very cheap and very open.Go check it out now!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,3/2/2009,47,36,4,9,11>I'm a man who loves his blueberry muffins. So lets just put that out there.I was invited to an early morning coffee hour with some fellow photogs there. It was my first time and ever since then have been really upset with myself for not having been before. I'm quickly approaching 5 years in Austin, so to only recently be informed that I've been missing out on this place is bothersome to me.I ordered a cafe mocha and the obligatory blueberry muffin and was really happy with both of them. Specifically though, that muffin was awesome. I hadn't had one that good in a while.It's got a cool vibe and sits among some other cool shops in that cool west 6th area close to Z Tejas. Head over there on your way to work or something...you'll be glad you did.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,3/1/2009,67,104,8,12,10>Eff it...I'm giving this place a 5. 5 is a little high considering there is always a wait, the waiters aren't fantastic, and you feel like a sardine at your table. The food however, stands on its own. Last night after the Yelp Elite event Dawn B. and I had made plans to meet up with some friends and our spouses. Dawn B. called en route to Polvo's informing them there was a party of 8 needing a table. Upon arrival, the place was PACKED. Your typical Friday night out at Polvo's. Dawn B. checked in with the host to inform them that the party of 8 was there. Within 1-2 minutes we were sat. Not only were we sat but our entire party wasn't even there yet. Who the hell seats incomplete parties?? Polvo's does!!We had a margarita pitcher of their flavored pina colada. It was fantastic. It was awful and humid outside but the ritas made it ALL feel better. For dinner, I had the Guisado de Puerro which was AWESOME!! Guisado de Puerro is basically cubes of pork sauteed in green sauce and onions. The green sauce drenched the pork and the green sauce was really, really good and spicy. It definitely cleaned out the sinuses.  I wanted to lick my plate clean but I refrained. I was in public, after all. The ball and chain stuck with the chicken flautas. He inhaled them. He gave them a very enthusiastic two thumbs up. Dawn B. ordered the chicarrones plate not really knowing what she was eating (fried pork rinds). She's a trooper that girl. All in all, Polvo's has a great atmosphere with great food and drinks. A word of advice; go hungry, try the pina colada margarita and call in before you get there for them to hold you a table unless you like waiting 30-60 minutes. I just checked their website and I found a coupon in it. Now you have no excuse not to try it.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,2/28/2009,289,450,8,9,8>This place is amazing!  Their cupcakes are very thought out and the play on words/people is great and fun.  They're smaller cupcakes but, their flavor is more potent than other cupcake places.   I had an Elvis, banana nut cupcake with peanut butter icing and jesus, it was amazing.  It was also rich as could be but, they had little pints of milk to help with that.  I also had a black and tan, guinness chocolate cupcake with irish cream cheese icing.  Talk about tasty!  This IS as good as it gets!
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,2/27/2009,56,58,10,7,7>You guys don't need any more love.  Seriously, 45 reviews and 4.5 stars, you don't need it.  I do, however, want to say thank you.  Thank you for letting me eat the entire sample bowl of donut holes.  I was having not only the worst morning ever, I was also majorly hungover and insanely hungry.  Thank you for that.  But I don't want to stop there.  Thank you for the samosa thingy, you know, the warm, delicious, and spinach and feta-y goodness thing.  And yes people, they gave me this warm sample of heaven 2 seconds after I ate all the donut hole samples.  I was a lot less grumpy after that.  The agave limeade was delicious too.  And no people, I paid for that one.  I'm not a complete free loader.FYI -  they have awesome coffee and the friendliest staff ever.Oh, I'll be back for the donut holes and samosa thingy, but you know, as  a paying customer.  Moo cow out.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,2/26/2009,58,529,8,17,14>This place is genius!  They have combined my two of my favorite things in life - Vietnamese food and coffee shops - into one awesome establishment.I have been there twice now and ordered a vermicelli bowl both times, and both times they were great.  Then I could even sit around after my meal, do some work on my laptop, and drink some yummy Vietnamese coffee.Usually, I'd take myself to lunch and then go to a coffee shop to work, but now I have a one stop shop for both!  Thank you Triumph!
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,2/25/2009,120,116,9,14,14>This place saved my life last week.I found out on a Friday that I had to have a root canal the next Monday (just a few days later).  Of course, I didn't sleep all weekend because I kept having nightmares about sitting in the dentist chair, bright lights everywhere, the laughing gas not working.However, it was fine! I have a great dentist! What's more, I soothed my nerves by going to Pho Saigon afterwards.  Tasty broth, slurpy noodles and tender beef for $5 and change for a small bowl of pho? Yes, please.  Note that their "small" is not small.  If you're trying to eat on the cheap, this bowl could easily feed two hungry people.  They usually have a plethora of basil, mint, and bean sprouts so you could do it up, but they ran out of basil that day.  That made me a bit sad, because I love putting practically a whole basil plant in my bowl, but it's cool.  Their broth makes up for it.   Their spring rolls are serviceable.  They could make it great by putting a little more mint in there.  I totally heap on the peanut sauce on those babies though.It's cheap, it hits the spot, but it's not like OMG.  If Yelp had half stars, I'd give it 3.5.  I'm in a cheery mood today, so I'll give it 4 instead of 3.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2009,2/24/2009,322,621,11,18,11>I almost Yelped aloud (in pain) when my friend suggested eating again yesterday evening in such close proximity to lunch.  But her appetite is usually emaciatingly weak, so I folded like a house of cards when she said she was hungry again.After a way too big lunch at Cheddars South location just four hours earlier, we were now in search of an Indian restaurant.  After a movie at the Highland Galaxy 10, the trite choice was Taj Palace, which didn't open for another 35 minutes at 5:30.  We drove to Swad (based upon Jaime's advice), which was open, but she turned around when she saw the prominent "Veggie" sign out front.  So, we wound up driving on over to Star of India.  We had about a 7 minute wait until their 5:30 opening.We're glad we waited.  Although the initial presentation of a buffet seemed off-putting to my friend, after looking over the menu and not seeing chicken tikka masala on the menu AND seeing it on the buffet, the decision was made for her.  And I went along, only because I was still stuffed from lunch and figured the buffet would be a great way to control portion size and quantity.Being there when they first opened had a definite advantage since everything they offered was out, hot, and fresh.  I should have written this last night when I remembered everything I tried, but I recall a very good samosa, decent, if a little dry naan, and incredible chicken tikka masala.  I wanted, but was too stuffed to try, the tandoori chicken, the tandoori kebab and the saag paneer.  No, I did not even go back for seconds.I thought the buffet was reasonably priced at $10.99 for the quality and vast array of food offered.  Our only disappointment was the beer we ordered, and it was mostly our fault.  We ordered the Taj Mahal lager that was advertised on the table.  We did ask if it was a 12 ounce bottle, and were told "yes", but it turned out to be a full pint.  It was an excellent lager, but, given the "full" level on the fuel gauge, it was over the top.  Bloat city.  We had to stay an extra half hour to finish the beers, and weren't about to abandon them at $7.50 apiece.Those of you who have heard my rant about the long-departed Passage to India, well, this place is the Passage to India killer.  I'd almost bet they had the identical recipes, because the food tastes exactly the same as I remember it at Passage over 15 years ago.Atmosphere is very basic, and, considering it is a buffet, service is more than reasonable.  Price was a bit on the expensive side for a buffet ($40 with tax out the door), but we incited most of the additional cost with the beers we each ordered.Next time, I'll starve first, for a day, a week, whatever it takes.  And I'll show up at opening time so it's hot and fresh, just like it was last night.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,2/22/2009,178,534,16,12,16>Went there every Saturday for next week vegetables and meat. The most important thing is to get live fish. There is the only place in town you can get live fish. Luckily I'm Chinese and brave enough to pick which live one I want. Then next step is to watch the worker using a hammer to smack on the fish's head. Once, oops, the fished dodged. twice, oops, missed again. The third time, got him! And the fish was fainted. The worker started to peel off the skin. After that he moved the fish to the cutting machine. Now the fish woke up and wanted to jump off the table. The worker grabbed him tight and started to sliced him to 5 pieces. And each piece was moving around after cut. And I was holding the 5 pieces in the plastic bag and felt they were still moving. I was amazed how powerful the life is. It reminds me of a Japanese movie. Ichi the killer. After Ichi chopped off the bad guy to pieces. Each piece of the body on ground was still moving.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,2/21/2009,354,138,11,19,14>When I visit a restaurant of the caliber professed by many others to be the highest, I usually give it the once, twice and even the thrice over to be sure that I have given it enough consideration. However, I did not find it necessary to revisit Olivia numerous times to form my opinion, instead, I knew a four course meal was in order.The architecture is a breath of fresh air for its surrounding over-zoned neighborhood of south Lamar.  It's a deconstructionist exercise that echoes some of the best vernacular and the cutting edge of design appropriate for any five star restaurant.The menu, while small and changed daily is an exercise in good taste and culinary mastery.  For appetizers, we ordered the Steamed PEI mussels in white wine broth, and the Beef Carpaccio.  The white wine broth was light and smooth with a hint of saffron.  There was nothing overpowering about the mussels and if it had been acceptable the confit was fit for sopping the deliciously even tempered wine broth.  The presentation was excellent, the flavor divine and the portion was ample for two to four.  The Beef Carpaccio was tender, savory, and well balanced against the dijon, smoothed out by fresh slices of parmesan and brought to life with the tangy pop of fried capers.  This appetizer would easily serve two to four.My salad was the Nicoise salad with tuna.  While the tuna was not especially flavorful by itself, when standing proud of a generous portion of spinach and the freshest green beans I've had in a restaurant to date, it definitely gave me the feeling that I was tasting something that was labored over by a very conscientious chef.  The dollop of tuna was adorned with soft red bell slices and the potatoes were firm but not undercooked.  This dish was accented by an egg, plenty of tangy olives, an anchovy and was a visual treat as well as gastronomically balanced.My main course was the White striped bass with head-on shrimp served over a bed of cannellini beans.  Again, this dish was plentiful and the presentation was incredibly colorful and well considered.  The fish was spiced with chili oil and sauteed to a slightly crispy gold while retaining a light texture.  The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and commanded attention on the top of three filets.  The beans were smooth and creamy and the perfect base for the lively flavor of the fish and fresh kale.  The tomatoes were tangy and fresh, skinned and nicely acidic.For dessert, I had the Chocolate tartine in port-blackberry sauce served with cinnamon ice cream.  This dessert was incredible.  The blackberry port sauce was bold and the tartine was rich and decadent.  I think I chose well.From start to finish, I would describe my dining experience as simply perfect.  I almost forgot to include that they make fresh focaccia and the vegetables are grown locally.  My only distraction was having wonderful company which was really less of a distraction than an added bonus.  I would definitely recommend taking someone that you want to impress to this restaurant, they will thank you, and you will feel proud to have such good taste.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,2/20/2009,103,80,19,13,15>Top ten signs Don may be addicted to Torchy's Tacos.10. Office arguments about the "Best Tacos in Austin" quickly escalate into fist fights.  9. Cried a little when Brushfire Taco special went away at the end of January. (Jerk Chicken, roasted jalapenos, cilantro, queso fresca, mangos, and Diablo (habanero) salsa. (Note this location at S. 1st and El Paso currently has the brush fire)8. Tipped Torchy's for Christmas. 7. A stunning smiling bartender asks, "How was your day Don?" Don grunts back, "It will be a hell of a lot better when they bring me my taco." (At Little Woodrow's location)6. Is contemplating getting a part time job at Torchy's.   FREE TACOS! 5. Had a dream about the gorgeous Torchy's ladies.  In the dream......they bring him tacos.  4. Saves a little Diablo sauce to bring home and try on other things. 3. Has a custom taco named after him at Little Woodrow's location.2. Developing a little, well a not so little, Torchy's belly. 1. Had family in town for a special occasion took'em to Torchy's, got 'em some Tacos.This new location makes me happy, it is another step in the plan of Torchy's taking over the world. I for one welcome our new taco overlords.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,2/19/2009,73,207,13,12,18>Scenes from an Italian pizza restaurant:"Did you see our waitress?"  "Which one?" "The one with the tattoos who looks like she's going to a nightclub."  (pause)  "Which one?"A couple comes up to our picnic table.  "Can we sit down here?"  Certainly.  They order 2 shots, slam them, order 2 more, slam them.  Then they leave.A couple enters the courtyard with a 50-lb mixed breed dog who proceeds to greet everyone within sniffing, pawing and licking distance.   People queue up for butt-sniffing and face-licking.Chimay is flowing from the tap directly to my glass.  My dining partner orders:  "What's the fruitiest martini you have?  Whatever it is, that's what I want."Two people who are probably in their 60s wander in.  His white hair is falling in loose, thick rings around his shoulders.  Her hair was probably last cut in 1993. Because it's happy hour our entire bill with tip is under $40 for food (spinach & mushroom calzones), 2 premium beers, and 2 pink martini things.The P.A. is blaring Bee Gee clones singing to a disco beat: "Ah, ah, ah, have become...comfortably numb."I love this friggin' city.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,2/18/2009,421,256,12,9,15>M [raising hand]: Right here... I wanna dance.V: I'm not much of a dancer.M: Now I'm the one gettin' gyped.  I do believe he told you to take me out and do whatever I wanted. Well, now I want to dance, I want to win, I want that trophy. So dance good.V: Alriiight.[Trot to jukebox*]Jukebox: Now let's meet our first contestants here this evening, young lady what's your name? M: Misses Me Ow.Jukebox: And how is your fella here?M [in lower octave]:  V. VegaJukebox: Alright let's see what you can do. Take it away!Jukebox: It was a teenage wedding, and the old folks wished them wellYou could see that Peacock did truly love the madamoiselleAnd now the young monsieur and madame have rung the chapel bell,"C'est la vie", say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tellThey furnished off a lounge room with a two room Roebuck saleThe coolerator was crammed with green tea and ginger ale,But when Peacock found work, the little money comin' worked out well"C'est la vie", say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tellThey had a hi-fi phono, boy, did they let it blastSeven hundred little records, all rock, rhythm and jazzBut when the sun went down, the rapid tempo of the music fell"C'est la vie", say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tellThey bought a souped-up jitney, 'twas a cherry red '53,They drove it down to Pedernales to celebrate the anniversaryIt was there that Pecock was married to the lovely madamoiselle"C'est la vie", say the old folks, it goes to show you never can tell*The Thanksdrinking Jukebox will also host Soulja Boy, Dee Lite, & Abba with a few onesies and two shakes of a lamb's tail.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,2/16/2009,139,109,14,18,14>I've got two on-going projects.  One is to make my house look like an adult lives here before my sis and bro-in-law visit for Christmas.  I bought some new furniture (see my review of Rooms-to-Go) and built a giant oak table for my formal dining room.  I bought 2 table bases from Ace Mart for that project (see my Spillar review for how I got them cut to the right length).My second project is for our Departmental "Holiday" party this coming weekend.  Our department has gotten large, so we're doing a partly potluck dinner (the dept will buy turkey, ham, and some sides, and dept members will provide the rest) so we can accommodate spouses and children without it costing a fortune .  I bought 2 on-sale chafing dishes to keep things warm, and extra pans for them of different sizes.  I also picked up a ladle, some serving spoons and tongs,  Sterno-type fuel for the chafing dishes, and a new cutting board for me. I like cooking for groups, so this is my chance to go wild (this is what "wild" turns into when you're an old bachelor).If you love cooking equipment (and I do), and lean toward an industrial design, then this is the place for you.  You can get one of those rolling hotdog cookers for your own kitchen, or a popcorn machine, or as Jaye said, your own deep-fat fryer.   You can browse an aisle of knives that real chefs use, and a couple of aisles of pots and pans (and a stew pot big enough to cook someone my size if you lean toward cannibalism).  There are more aisles of dishes and glasses of all sorts.  I could truly spend a fortune here.  It's a shame I mostly cook for just myself.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2009,2/15/2009,368,209,16,9,9>I'm a fan because they have the quintessential Tex-Mex atmosphere: Brightly colored walls? Check! Random domestic and Mexican beer neon signs? Check! Flags on a rope? Check! Unrelated clowns dangling from balloons? Check! Super friendly staff? Check! Bar area? Check! Inexpensive, multi-plate dishes? Check! Extensive menu? Check! Taco, chalupa, enchilada, and tamale, and queso, AND guac all on my one two-dish plate for 10.99? Check, check and check!!! No hassle acceptance of 2 for 1 coupon? Check! UT game on big screen? Cheeeeecccckkkk! Flavor? Eh Close enough for me to crawl home because I had one or two too many Dos X'x? Chuh---eck! Time to go home? Check!
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,2/14/2009,522,1205,16,17,20>I woke up this morning to Bobby Flay (on the Food Network) grilling some fantastic looking Burgers and by 8:30 AM I had a huge craving for a juicy Burger.So, after a 3 hour walk at Lady Bird Lake I walked over to Sandy's to indulge in some greasy goodness. I walked up to the outdoor counter and ordered a double Cheese Burger and a Diet Coke then went and sat at a picnic table to wait for my Burger.  In less than 10 minutes I was biting into my burger that was the perfect meat to bun ratio with lots of lettuce and tomato just the way I like it.Cute Guy sitting across from me "Can I give your Pup a french fry?"Me " Yeah, but only if she sits for it"Cute Guy "She sure is pretty what kind of dog is she?"Me "Pitt, Lab, Pointer, Great Dane Mix.  Not sure.  Can I have a french fry?"Cute Guy "You can have the rest I am full"Me "Thanks, oh yum they are so salty"Cute Guy "That's why I could not finish them"Me "I like salty"Cute Guy "I am headed over to Barton Springs for a swim do you want to join me?"Me "Yeah, but it has to be on the dog friendly side"Cute Guy "I already figured out you would not ditch your pup for me (Grin)".........
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2008,2/13/2009,184,302,10,12,11>These guys aren't going to put Saccone's, Reale's or Homeslice out of business, but they're ok.  The slices are huge, but pricey.   I thought the crust was properly thin, but it was a bit dry, otherwise my slice (cheese and mushroom) was just fine.  Pizza is supposed to have oil dripping off it when you fold it to eat, and this one did not disappoint.  The Greek salad was ok, not bad but I doubt I'd order it again. Growing up in the northeast, I'm used to having a pizza joint every other block, so I'm happy to see OBPC appear, and I hope they thrive.  Its another decent place to grab a bite near my work, and if I ever need to bring home a pizza I would certainly not shy away from using them - Homeslice is too far away to do that and Saccone's apparently burns down or has a murder every six months or so and is not open for long stretches of time.The place is not big, not especially clean, but they have Coke Zero in their fountain which is kinda cool since I like that.The day I went some guy had hit one of the pillars outside the place with his pickemup truck, so keep your eye out if you're eating there for any wayward vehicles about to descend on you.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,2/12/2009,141,179,14,21,16>It's hard to get excited about tearing out hair from your body by the roots, right? But I actually look forward to my waxing visits at Blush. No, I'm not a masochist.Homey space, cool clean interior with mid-century touches and Rockabilly funkiness. Angie provides a comfy, raised bed and fluffy towels to comfort you (no industrial paper covering); it smells nice in here. Angie has a great technique, applying counter pressure after removing muslin strips. A world of difference for the owie-ness. Time passes quickly with her intelligent and pleasant conversation. I especially appreciate the quality of the waxes and other products she uses during her sessions; they are truly superior. No stickiness, no noxious smell or greasy sheen from Baby Oil. And she observes excellent hygiene habits at all times. Angie is really amazing. And I'm *not* just saying that because she told me I had great skin. :)
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,2/11/2009,271,233,11,17,14>I passed by this place on my way to Sugar Mama's tonight, and I'd thought I'd give it a try.  Somino's is organic, BYOB, and open a supporter of Eat Local.  I was really surprised that it hadn't been reviewed before as it is in a pretty busy section of town.  The hours for lunch were 11-2, and dinner was 5- something.  Since I arrived at Sugar Mama's around 3:30pm, hung out with the cashier and used the neighbor's unsecured wifi.  I ordered the panko-crusted pork medallions served on a carrot and arugula salad with garlic mashed potatoes and a bowl of carrot ginger soup (vegan) for $11.  Many of the items here are vegetarian or can be converted to vegan.  I got the soup in a to-go box for Nick over at Sugar Mama's.  He hadn't been to Simino's before and wanted to try something.  I had a little taste of it, and he says that it's pretty good as far as they go.  Gingery and mild, with a very "superfoodie" feel.  My panko-crusted pork medallions were awesome.  Crispy on the outside, thin sliced on the inside.  They were drizzled with a red pepper tahini sauce and some other red spicy stuff.  YUMMY!  Very nice.  The garlic mashed potatoes were also good.  They were what you expected them to be.  Not great, but not bad. I'd go again if I felt the need to eat something healthful right before a healthy dosing of cupcakes.  Also, I overheard the waitress say that almost everyone there plays the guitar.  When closing time draws near, they start jamming out.  Check it out, and bring some wine while you're at it.  I recommend a slightly sweet (to go with their sweet potato fries and carrot ginger soup)  or spicy red (for the panko-crusted tenderloins or the stuffed portabella) or a white (for their salads) to go with their menu.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2009,2/10/2009,462,751,26,13,10>I love it when friends e-mail you at like 4:00 in the afternoon and are, like, "I need a drink! NOW!" Then they suggest a new place you've never been for happy hour and they they say there are $5.00 martinis and appetizers. Because then, you are all, "I'M THERE!"I liked the feel of Imperia, with the dark wood and awesome screen wall with the gold accents. Very oppulent-feeling. I tried the Chicken lollipop appetizer which turned out to the favorite appetizer of the night. Take note, struggling restauranteurs: Delicious Meat + Stick = $$$$$$$I drank a couple of martini's, which, incidentally took me out back and kicked the crap out of me. The most amusing part of the evening was attempting to get off the floor (they have those sunken sushi table deals) after all the drinks I had. It sort of involved scooting along the floor and giggling uncontrollably, whilst being mocked by my tablemates. It was thus how I exposed some very nice sushi chefs to my underwear. I am sorry nice sushi chefs. So very sorry. Also, I am sorry that at the moment in question I yelled, "Check out my sweet 'Roo's!" Yeah, so, awesome.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2009,2/9/2009,106,124,3,24,14>Austin has its first sushi train.  Korea Garden kicked off their new concept tonight and we enjoyed a fun new experience in town.I don't know what the real prices will be, but until next Thursday 1/29 you're looking at $1.50/plate for everything coming off the conveyor belt.  It looks like they took half the restaurant and installed a 100+ foot moving sidewalk of sushi.  Most plates are 4 pieces of roll or two pieces of nigiri.  We saw California, spider, spicy tuna, Philly, rainbow and others pass by us as the night went on.  It's not the best sushi in town, but at the special grand opening price it was a deal.  In our hour there we found times where the train was 100% full of good stuff and other points where there was nothing.  Towards the end they were supplementing with dishes from Korea Garden just to fill the line.As you are sitting across and around others, it makes for a very social atmosphere.We would like to establish some Sushi Train ground rules, based on our experiences in other cities.1)  It's totally fair game to reach across the belt to get what you want2)  It is really bad form to stand up and walk around to get what you desire3)  If you see something coming you want, it's your right to call dibs in a very vocal way.  It's up to everyone else if they choose to listen to you.4)  Be patient.  Good things come to those who wait.5)  Have fun.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,2/8/2009,136,153,20,11,10>After the aftermath of several El Regio locations closing-being converted-absorbed by the Borg, whatever..., I began to wonder if this particular location is akin to a lost battalion of Japanese soldiers hidden on some remote island somewhere, still under the impression it's World War II and waiting for orders (geriatric but still truckin'), only to be found by some drunk American fisherman who accepts their surrender and promptly forgets he did so the next morning...and so the cycle continues.The location is, by most peoples standards, the height of Sketch City. Attached directly to a liquor store where one can acquire an awesome array of Mexican sweets (seriously, yum), it has every semblance of a concession stand gone awry. The little chik'n ordering window appears to be cut out of the wall of a storage room, and if the wind is right, most of the building is obscured in smoke. This, I believe, is part of an elaborate defense system to protect the chicken secrets that dwell within this peculiar facade. At night, no doubt, you might be able to see the red laser alarm grid that surrounds the perimeter of the building. (Those could just be refracted tail lights, BUT STILL.)My ability to order the chicken is somewhat hindered by the fact that I speak precious little Spanish. I am reduced to silly hand signs in my desperation to communicate my hunger, oblivious to the possible offensiveness or chance of a misconstrued message. I care not...I'd do cartwheels in the parking lot if that's what it took to get the blessed bag of goodness handed through the port hole to me. After that, the language barrier evaporates, and all I wish to do is hug the girl within in silent thankfulness until one of the other chicken merchants begins to poke me with a push broom until I leave.What's that, you say? You can't believe anyone is that excited about a roast chicken? Then it's obvious you've never eaten at El Regio. And you know what? That's fine. More chicken for me. Here's to hoping this place continues to function in some "The War Isn't Over" state and does not succumb to the fate of other locations. Battle on, Xena!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,2/7/2009,151,367,13,10,7>Walking into Quality Seafood Market reminds me of those clever Southwest Air commercials where they invoke the "Wanna get away?" mantra that makes you really think ... "sure as shit WOULD in that situation".The same principle applies here at QSM on nights like Tuesday and Wednesday, where earlier in the day, you find yourself at your monotonous workplace, responding to moronic emails from Wendy in marketing, unfurling a day old BLT and a juicebox for lunch, counting the hours until you have to drive your drivel-riddled brain a half hour through Austin traffic just to sit in front of the TV for a re-run of Family Guy.Well, GSD&M doesn't have to market Quality Seafood for you to know that this is your weeknight escape to a fishcapade on Seattle's Pier 54.  I won't tell you which night is the best -- or the most packed -- because this could severely impact my ability to get high grade seafood at an ocean-bottom price.  if you desire this information, it is up to you to do your research.  I mean, Bill in accounting can wait for you to pull up the Dobrowolski account while you cruise the googz for "fish" "taco" and "night".  The market itself is remarkable as well -- stocking everything from Marlin to wahoo -- and with friendly, competent, and charmingly sarcastic sea dogs behind the glass selling it to you.  And the bartender, Jay, is just the kind of person you would want complimenting your meal with chit-chat and Big Bark Ale.  Yep, QSM is the perfect weeknight escape. *ding*
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,2/6/2009,739,709,31,23,22>This place is the anti-gay bar gay bar. Not that that's a bad thing. NOoo! It's just vastly different from the gay barz downtown. My bff is gay and has been going to Rain and OCH for years and I hag along. He knows all the bartenders and gets free drinks which also spills over to me. It's a beautiful thing. But these bars are all about struttin, sashayin, flirtin, buyin coke, and checkin your reflection in your dance partners eyes to see how good you look raving on the disco light dance floor. Not that that's a bad thing either. I always have a good time at these bars and get lots of attention with my smile and winning personality (oh and my boobs. gay boys love boobs). Anyhoo, bff and I tried Bout Time a little while ago cause we were in that neck of the hood on a Sun evening.  Bout Time is where the queens in jeans go to let they hair down so to speak. They dress and act like they are just hangin at their straight cousins house. It's really awesome to see people in this environment. People just being their natural transgendered selves. And the bartenders are super sweet. When we went , the hot one was sposedly straight but he was workin that gay boy tip, grindin on his fellow bartender and shakin his money maker (btw at what point do you cross that line as a "straight man" and say to yourself "I loves me some women but I'll sure make out with dudes for big tips." Either really dedicated to the job or, hello, closet bi!). So all around a easy goin place to hang out. Cheap beers and priceless people watching!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,2/5/2009,10,113,11,14,14>So, as a lady who likes to have fun with her man, i wandered into Sinsations after hoping I'd be able to find a certain "special" item. When i walked in, it was very open, maybe too much so, it didn't seem like they had that great a selection in what I wanted - they had plenty of toys and other fun things, but again, my item is a little bit "more" than your standard find in an adult store.They did have the wedge though! That was pretty awesome. All I could think about was George Cloony carting it out of the house Tilda Swinton lived in and crying.I did find my item, a lovely black leather collar with pink leather straps holding three o rings. But it was a small selection, thankfully, the selection was good. I saw some paddles and canes (yikes, caning!) and all sort of fun things, but their crops and hard spankers were woefully low. Honestly, i was hoping to find a more BDSM oriented store, as we have enough stores that carry costumes/tart clothes (really fellas, we do, they are everywhere) and stuff of the adult store variety - it'd have been nice if they catered to a more "alternative clientele". I have a feeling they are trying, really, and they had some interesting things behind the display case. So brownie points there. I wish they had more PVC/Latex/Leather clothing though - screw the halloween tart costumes.I really *did* like how comfortable I was in here. I like the fact that ladies run the store. I liked walking into a place and not being cased by nasty men when you are looking at the more extreme things (Hello Adult Megaplex!). Honestly, I really enjoyed the store, i just thought their stock was low.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,2/4/2009,474,618,15,22,18>Quite possibly the most unique lake house rental in Austin, and easily the coolest. After searching for the perfect spot to have a slumber party for my bachelorette party, fellow Yelper, Cody R, recommended the Float House. Its a 2 story, 3 bedroom house built on a barge, literally on the lake. It comes complete with a pool table, shuffleboard table, and a rope swing. But the huge deck with fire pit is where we spent most of our time. They even thought to put a light underwater to watch the fish swim at night. Even though it would probably be ideal to stay here in the summer when you can take advantage of the boat and swimming, we found it quite fun to be out there in the fall with the fire pit, s'mores, and sleeping with the windows opens. Just beware, the fishermen can pull their boats right up to the house, so make sure you are fully dressed when you step out onto the deck with your morning coffee!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,2/3/2009,239,180,21,14,15>Babydaddy:  But honey, we never eat Indian!Me: Well that's because it all pretty much tastes like armpit to me.  Except mango lassi.  I like that stuff a lot.BD: Please, for me, let's try the fancier place over there on Burnet rd.  Sarah something.Me: Sarah something?  *sigh* OK, sure.***one hour later***BD: I'm inclined to think that if you really hated that meal that people wouldn't be staring at us so pointedly right now...Me: Whu?  Ith that justh becauth I'm licking the plate?  Ith that weird?
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,2/2/2009,23,9,11,11,9>When I saw that the Italian Longhorn (Formerly Double Dave's) had now become Big Bite, I assumed it was just another Pizza/Sub shop.Still, I was looking forward to adding variety to the lunch rotation.When I reviewed their menu online, I noticed immediately that this wasn't your typical sub shop. With sandwiches named "Phat Gigalo" and "Phat Bitch," they had to have interesting fillings.I showed one coworker the menu, then suddenly there became a group of 6 of us that went to try the phat sandwiches. Being vegetarian, I was excited that they had a whole section of vegetarian sandwiches. I chose the "Phat Indian" which really should be named "Phat Mediterranean" but that is really beside the point. The long thick sub was filled with falafel, FRENCH FRIES, MOZZARELLA STICKS and yogurt sauce. It came out quickly and was delish!My boss had the "Phat Gigalo" which contained Cheesesteak, Mozzarella Sticks, Onion Rings, French Fries& BBQ Sauce. No complaints from her. Others in the group had burgers, Caesar wraps and the "Phat UT" -Grilled Chicken, Cheese, Jalepeno Poppers, Bacon, French Fries, Mayo & Ketchup. We will all be back.Yes folks, this is FRIED goodness INSIDE your sandwich. This is the perfect spot for campus stoners, and cube drones alike! YUM YUM YUM
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,2/1/2009,56,25,7,14,11>Vince Hannemann actually created the secret clubhouse you always wanted as a kid. He has made a million children's dreams into a reality and he's nice enough to share it with everyone who cares to witness it. It is made entirely of other people's junk, bringing a whole new meaning to "one person's trash - another person's treasure."Grab your camera, someone you really like, & maybe even a picnic lunch. It's easy to spend a whole afternoon there.Things to know:The Cathedral is open to the public on weekends, just cruise by and go through the gate on the right side of the house. Visiting is FREE, but there is a tip jar out back by the gate and if you have any appreciation for art or truly unique human beings you will drop a few bucks in there. &Yes! You can rent the Cathedral out for special events like cd release parties or weddings. I know that the Suicide Girls had a party there during SxSW one year. I would have liked an invitation to that....
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2008,1/31/2009,246,167,24,18,19>Thinking of Little Woodrow's is a little like thinking of High School.  For one, it has been quite a while since I was in either.  Also, it is usually controlled by a handful of very attractive young women who seem to think that attractiveness is enough to get them by forever.  In High School, it made me a bit of an outsider, and at Little Woodrow's it sometimes leads to lousy service.  That's not always the case, but it has happened enough that it bears mentioning.  However, like High School, that long ago land of far away, most of the stuff about Little Woodrow's is pretty cool.  I mean, let's face it, we all had FUN in High School, and we drank a lot of beer (or was that just me?  Nah.).  Little Woodrow's -  same thing.  This place has been a great little hangout spot on west 6th street since  long before it became the land of the jerk-shirt.  They have a pretty cool juke, they have these giant glasses of cheap beer on Tuesdays, they have soccer on most of the time.  The juke in High School was lousy, but otherwise, still pretty similar.And there's another thing about this place that reminds me of High School.  Back then, my friends and I used to dare each other to try ridiculous stunts that would endanger or embarrass each other just about every day.  A lot of them had to do with, in a typical juvenile high school way, the bathroom.  We dropped M80's in the toilet, stole the seats off all the toilets, that kind of thing.  Little Woodrow's has a great Men's room, when it comes to bar Men's rooms.  It's pretty clean, and the walls are covered with a mural of bikini models and near naked celeb hotties.  However, the door isn't shielded from the view of the rest of the bar, and every time someone goes in or out, you can see right in there.  Now this would never fly in a Women's john, but that doesn't seem to matter here.  Not only can you see in, what you see is the only sit down crapper in the Men's room.  There's NO STALL!!!  Seriously, you walk right in, and the first thing you see is an open shitter, it's like a prison cell.  Colby and I have been daring each other to take a dump on this thing during happy hour, and it never happened in the 4 years we hung out there together.  And now, like High School, it's over, and we never got the chance.  Then again, there's always the reunion...
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,1/30/2009,105,150,16,15,11>Our satanic Chihuahua decided to barf all over our bedspread, so I had to find a laundromat with large capacity machines in order to wash the funk out. My other requirement was that they had to have Wi-Fi.Thank you, Parmer Laundromat, for giving me a clean bedspread and allowing me to surf to my heart's content.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,1/29/2009,238,365,38,14,18>Musashino is like an asshole ex-boyfriend that's really amazing in bed. They serve deliciously buttery, melt-in-your-mouth sushi, but their waitstaff could maybe remove a couple of chopsticks out of their asses. They treat me like shit, but their sushi is so good. I'm conflicted. I love-hate you Musashino.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,1/28/2009,288,258,16,20,22>After living in Austin for over 15 years I finally took my first peep into Emerald's.  Crazy, I know, I could hear your gasps through cyberspace.  But, for some reason, since I've been spending my own cash, I've never stepped foot in the quaint boutique surrounded by such Austin favorites as Waterloo, Book People, and Amy's despite frequenting the aforementioned establishments quite often.  On a recent trip to Waterloo and Amy's however, a friend of mine suggested we step in and take a look. Holy shiz!  Much to my delight the place was filled with stuff I'd love to spend my money on.  I'm a self-proclaimed shoe whore and the endless displays had me feeling like I'd died and gone to heaven.  Not to mention the rows of unique pieces of clothing and jewelry, even swim wear!  I made my way around the racks and found myself staring at this gorgeous dress off the sales rack.  I fell in love!  But there was no sales price.  So I decided to ask the clerk if that was the final price and she wasn't sure.  She then asked me that dreaded question I hate getting at cute boutiques:  What do you think a fair price would be?  I don't like this game, never have.  Either I come off sounding like a total cheap-skate for bidding too low, or I screw myself by offering too much.  I don't want to play along, so she offers $29, a nice discount off the ticketed $39.99 price.  She asks if that's fair.  I initially say yes and then ask what the percentage discount is on their sales clothes.  The other clerk then says, "It's whatever our manager tells us to mark it at.  So, for this piece, I'd say, $19 or $29."  I inadvertently blurt out, "Well, I'd rather have it for $19", immediately feeling the word 'cheap' scrolling itself across my forehead.  Completely surprisingly the girl says, "Ok, $19 it is.  It's whatever will make you happy!"Wowsah, who would have thought?  Service with a smile still exists in this town!
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,1/27/2009,193,111,7,17,13>OK, now I have really seen all the world has to offer, and feel I can die a happy man.  In no town in the world can I see a trailer park/parking garage/burger stand/taco stand working so well, but this is Austin and it is GLORIOUS!!!The South Austin Trailer Park and Eatery is a hip little spot to get your taco and burger on.  If you don't know about Torchy's Tacos you haven't been paying attention and thankfully we have now been graced with another creation by the same trailer food stand king: Shuggie's  Burgers.  The combination of these two Goliaths of trailer park cuisine is an ingenious way to make South Austin even more South Austiny.  Now, to what we had...  A few of us were thinking of where to grab a bite to eat after a day of athletic feats and friendly competition at the park. We all wanted something greasy, good, and on the go; so the Trailer Park was a fitting solution to our Sunday afternoon cravings.  Between the three of us, we tried The Democrat, The Brushfire, two burgers, the Ice Cream Battered Onion Rings and the French Fries.  Our entire meal was created by hand, and grilled up to perfection in separate trailers and was all ready at roughly the same time.  We munched, we played ping pong, we didn't want to leave.  The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is one of a kind and this is a spot everyone is Austin should enjoy.Cheers, BRING YOUR OWN BEERS!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,1/26/2009,50,415,11,9,16>My experience could be best summed up by the eloquent words of my friend Lorena after she looked over the Magnolia Menu... "WHAT TIME IS IT?!?! " ......"It's breakfast time.... BITCH!" Breakfast time indeed! It's so great to have such a Klassy friend that can yell out loud (very loud) what everyone was thinking.....This was the perfect place for a late night dinner. Some stuck with breakfast, some went with burgers, but no matter what anyone ordered we made sure the Queso came flowin'... The Queso with black beans at Magnolia could be one of the best Queso's in town... We ate through two servings of those suckers. Magnolia is becoming one of my favorite late night eateries.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,1/25/2009,178,69,18,17,16>At first I thought that scary little El Pollo Rico on east Riverside had bars on their windows to protect their cash register from being stolen overnight. After multiple return visits for their perfectly seasoned $12 rotisserie chicken dinners, complete with creamy jalapeno sauce, rice, beans and tortillas, I realize....those bars aren't meant to protect their cash register from some nameless, faceless money-grubber. They exist to keep me from breaking and entering after hours to boost their ridiculously moist chickens and fix my jalapeno sauce jones. My pupils dilate just thinking about it.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,1/24/2009,231,205,7,18,15>LISTEN TO ME: El Meson is off-the-charts, fantastic food.There's a lot of debate around town as to what's "authentic Mexican" and what's "Tex-Mex" and blah blah blah. Can't we just agree on what's good and interesting, and a great value? In in the 78744 zip code, the lunch options are pretty dismal, and this place shines like a beacon in the fog when the clock strikes noon. Each dish at El Meson feels as though years of thought and trial and error have gone into the recipe. Even the cheese enchiladas are special, never thrown together without seasoning or care.Today I tried their caldo de pollo, and had to call someone as I ate it, just to tell SOMEBODY how delicious it was. Huge chunks of carrot, zucchini, cabbage, and corn mingled amongst pieces of white meat chicken, NOT on the bone. This means a lot to me (again with the thinking each dish through) because when the chicken is one the bone, I often burn my fingertips or slosh the caldo broth trying to get at the meat. A big ole bowl of steaming caldo, fluffy rice, fresh tortillas, and an iced tea plus tip came out to just under $10. Totally worth it. Unfortunately, it's a special menu item, and isn't offered year-round, just during the colder months. Most of their other dishes are between $6 to $10 and are equally soul-warming, with bountiful portions. My favorite of the regular menu items is the tacos al pastor plate. Gigantor tacos oozing with drippy, pineapplely, cilantroey  yumminess.I really dig the open counter/open kitchen set-up they have going on, and there is always a different selection of fresh salsas and condiments, like roasted jalapenos, to add to your plate. El Meson is only open for breakfast and lunch, but that's OK, because I have a feeling that the dinner hours are probably spent preparing for the next day of glorious, tasty eats.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,1/23/2009,53,40,12,11,11>Last night the gang got together for little S.'s birthday at Sao Paulo's.  I have to be honest, I must be living under a rock because I've never even heard of this place.  Of course I've driven past it probably hundreds of times, but from the outside it looks like a coffee shop / diner circa 1962.  Probably another reason why I didn't know about the place was due to the typical parking debacle that one is faced with when attempting to go to any business that is located near UT.I have to say, I was very impressed with the place.  The service was fantastic and for a place that specializes in Brazilian food they sure did rock my face off on the Tex-Mex tip.  I challenge you to order the Tejano combo.  You'll find your self going WTF Tex-Mex restaurants? Do you know that the Brazilians are kicking your ass when it comes to making cheese enchiladas! What's next? Are the Brazilians gonna kick your ass at soccer too?
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,1/21/2009,188,425,11,25,22>Time for my update!!Not only did Sarah take photos for our engagement and wedding, but I did a boudoir shoot with her as a present to my darling husband on our wedding day.  I spent many hours researching what to wear and how to look sexy for this shoot.  Needless to say I was very nervous and worried about my body.  I knew I was in good hands with Sarah, but still, taking revealing photos in a hotel bedroom would leave any non-model a bit shaky.  All my fears were for nothing.  Sarah was FANTASTIC!  I felt completely at ease with her.  She would put me in the best poses and made me feel like a sex kitten.  It was incredible to feel so sexually liberated during a photo shoot.  I did get to see a few pictures from her camera and I was blown-away.  I didn't even recognize myself.  It  was like staring at a wanton sex goddess.  Sarah got the photos back to me within 3 days.  Seriously...to get a set of any professional pictures in 3 days is a miracle.  Fast forward to the wedding day as we are exchanging gifts.  Matt opens the photo album with my pictures and the first look on his face makes everything worthwhile.  I am almost at a loss for words to describe the feeling that came over me when I saw my wedding photos from Sarah for the first time.  Our guests actually got a sneak peak at the reception.  Sarah set up her Mac as a slide show presentation that included pictures taken from our engagement session, earlier in the day and ceremony.  It was awesome to see everyone crowded around her computer, pointing, smiling and laughing.  I had so many people that night tell me how excited they were to see the completed photos.  My wedding package did come with photo viewing cards that gave out the gallery location, password and date they would be available for viewing.  What a great idea!Throughout the big day I rarely noticed Sarah and her second photographer at all.  They were never intrusive or made anyone stop and smile for the camera.  We had a great time hamming it up with the wedding party photos.  We ended up in a back alley, at a bar and jumping up in the air.  Those unusual places created the best moments captured on film.The day we came back from our honeymoon, Sarah surprised me with an email saying the pictures were ready.  She had them up in her gallery 1 week earlier than quoted on the viewing cards.  She had blogged them on her website and created a web page for us that included a slide show from the wedding, with music set to our first dance and recessional song from the ceremony.  I was in shock when I saw the slide show.  I was laughing, crying and screaming with delight.  It was like getting married all over again.  All of the special highlights from that day were included!  Then, I have another gift waiting... all the photos to view!  Looking through all the photos, seeing all our guests in action left me with this feeling of pure delight.  I have never seen real life captured so beautifully.  If this long-winded review hasn't made my point clear, let me spell it out.  SARAH Q IS THE BEST PHOTOGRAPHER IN THE WORLD!  This review deserves 100 stars.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,1/20/2009,49,59,14,16,13>Two word review: fookin' grand.Longer review: Just tonight I visited Fiddler's Green for the first time, and I can already tell that I'm going to be a regular. The service was great, and for a restaurant that was a Bennigan's not too long ago, the atmosphere was pretty good. I loved the homey children's area stocked with toys and a seriously comfy chair for the grownups.We started out with the Scotch eggs: hard-boiled eggs wrapped in sausage, rolled in breadcrumbs and deep-fried. Thanks to the torrents of cholesterol involved, we'll probably be meeting St. Peter a few days ahead of schedule, but feck, it was worth it.I was impressed by how simple, good and authentic both of our entrees were. Traditional Irish food done up right is delicious, and doesn't need to be "fixed" or modernized, but it always benefits from quality ingredients and good preparation. My friend had the Shepherd's Pie, and I stole a few spoonfuls. It was better than my own: not too greasy, and the taters on top had a crispy-perfect crust. My Irish Stew was delicious and full of melt-in-your-mouth tender mutton. Now I can't wait to help a friend move, or be horribly hung-over, or over-do an early morning workout. Next time I'm absolutely starving and craving something greasy, I plan to test-drive their full Irish breakfast.The only two quibbles I have with the place is that they serve homemade chutney with their Ploughman's instead of Branston pickle. And they played a bagpipe recording of "Amazing Grace" while I was eating my dinner. WTF kind of dinner jazz is that?!? All good Irish Catholics are genetically programmed to tear up when they hear that song. It's the song that was played at our fathers' funerals, and the song that will be played at our own. I was already slowing down, but it made me put down my fork for the last time.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2008,1/19/2009,4221,482,13,11,8>There are some similarities with Third Base Sports Bar and getting to third base with respect to the dating world.  Allow me to break it down:The Anticipation and Suspense:  is reeling when you're on your way to Third Base to watch your favorite sports event, whether it be college football, UFC, boxing, or basketball, Third Base has plenty of TV's there to suit your programming needs. The Thrill of the Moment:  while you're there - in the moment - you arrived early to beat the crowd and found a good seat.  This place usually gets packed during the big sporting events, so it's a big thrill when you find an open seat.The Big Let Down:  similar to when you've reached unchartered waters and a new territory only to be let down by false or inflated expectations - -  you show up @ Third Base to find the place packed w/ people, no seating, most of the waitresses are unattentive, rude, or too busy to help you out, and they also charge a ridiculous $10 cover to watch the UFC (WTF?).  Not to mention there are NO drink specials (pints of beer = $4+) during these events.  The De-Nile (or Agony of Defeat):  Much like one getting denied the priviledge of experiencing 3rd Base, during a busy sporting event (like the De La Hoya Boxing match), you arrive and get denied entrance while the outside patio is crowded w/ a long line waiting to enter.  You find yourself standing outside in 35 degree weather where your exposed organs get cold and turn blue - - and no matter how hard you try you just can't get in (the door) to warm up.  Jackpot!:  Let's say you successfully get by all of those barriers and finally get to your goal.  Once in a blue moon you'll come across a really nice waitress who's got brains and braun - she's proactive, attentive, fills your drink order in a jiffy, and doesn't make wasted trips.  She recommends the Turkey Club w/ chips - and it actually tastes pretty damn good!  Especially the chips - which are homemade and always warm w/ a slight crispy and chewy texture in your mouth.  Make sure you get a side of chipotle mayo to dip them in.    Sabrina (the hostess) was awesome - on both visits she's been really nice, friendly, willing to help, and a hard worker too.  But other than that, the other waitresses I've experienced were just average - - not particularly nice or attentive or responsive, and they don't pick up the tables efficiently when it's really crowded.  They should emphasize on training and quality control (like making sure the soda isn't watered down before bringing your refill - twice!).  But if you're going to check out Third Base to watch a game - get there early and try the Turkey Club Sandwich w/ chips (and a side of their chipolte mayo).  Yummy!  Oh yeah - once the game is over this place clears out like a ghost town - - not many stick around afterwards.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2008,1/18/2009,57,243,11,11,11>I went to Hoover's with very high expectations mainly because there are so many of you guys with 4/5 stars. When I first stepped into Hoover's, I thought, "this place feels like how Hoover's should be." What does that mean? it means it felt right.I ordered the meatloaf, which was very good. Although, I was disappointed at the small portion! The good part is that it wasn't false advertisement because it looked EXACTLY like it was pictured on their website. Kudos to Hoover's. My girlfriend got the sausages and was supplied with FOUR sausages. It was almost twice the meat I had with my meatloaf... again *sad about the lack of meat I received*.The sides come in large portions... YES. The mashed taters (what's taters precious? you know po-ta-toes. Boil 'em, mash 'em, put 'em in a stew!) were mmm. That and fried okra..... *drools*The blackberry cobbler was also sooo soo good. Didn't get the ice cream as recommended by the server (cuz I'm fat), which probably would've made it even better. All in all, I'll probably go back again. Overall, good southern cookin'.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,1/17/2009,19,16,5,8,8>I don't drink coffee but I love the smell. I headed there to meet with a friend. I immediately needed coffee. It has to be the best smelling coffee in this world. The atmosphere was very relaxing and friendly. The service was friendly. I just wish the panini has some vegetables in it. Don't they make panini with vegetables? But I still love the place.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2008,1/16/2009,211,223,8,22,9>Cupprimo is the new cupcakery that recently opened in the Big Lots shopping center at the corner of 183 and Spicewood Springs Road and being in the Big Lots strip mall should tell you everything you need to know about Cupprimo's atmosphere.  But, c'mon, we're not here for the atmosphere.The people at Cupprimo are very friendly and helpful.  To give them a fair shot, we tried "one of everything".  We are givers that way.  We had 6 cupcakes total: one vanilla, one chocolate, one coconut, one peanut butter, one cappucino, and one strawberry.  These are regular sized cupcakes, nicely decorated and heavily dressed with diabetic coma-inducing yet flavorful frosting.  Winners were the strawberry (with a fresh strawb on top) and the chocolate, but all were tasty - though a bit on the dry side.  Also, I always considered myself to have quite the sweet tooth and I would venture to say that these have even a little too much frosting for my taste.  But they are definitely worth a try.The cupcakes are $2.50 each.  I think that's pricey for a regular sized cupcake - even one made from scratch - which is why I am holding my stars at three.Cupprimo is right next to Jollyville Java so if you go in for a latte and for some ungodly reason are not in the mood for a JJ homemade scone, maybe you could traipse next door for a tasty little cupcake.CORRECTION: Sadly, Cupprimo is where Jollyville Java used to be, not next to it.  I had hardly noticed.  sniff.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,1/15/2009,1,11,6,10,9>Little Thailand has been a favorite of our entire family since I found out about it (by driving by and thinking 'who would put a Thai restaurant in the middle of nowhere!?' and deciding to walk in and try it out) about 5 years ago.  I have gone in several times with large groups and even had my wedding ceremony there, but it is also the perfect setting for a date or even lunch with the kid-os! The food is incredible. Definitely the best Thai food around Austin! The atmosphere is so unique. Ask for a spicy Bloody Mary and a Thai-T-Bone and you'll leave more fulfilled than you could ever imagine!
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,1/14/2009,215,283,15,21,15>Dr. Navarro and her crew are nowhere near her old location down by Mopac & William Cannon, so don't go there. I sent the address change over to Yelp HQ. She is now running her own show @ Allergy & Asthma Care of Austin up near Mopac & Parmer. Although there are a zillion places on the planet with names like "Allergy & Asthma of [insert city here]", if you google Dr. Maritza Navarro, she's in the top 5 or 10 hits.Now that you got finding her out of the way... I have been going to see Dr. Navarro for years. I gots the allergies. Bad. Not the worst I've seen in Austin (cedar fever, and you poor bastards that get it , I weep for y'all), but bad enough so that if I don't get teh shots, I am in trouble all year long. I have had allergies & asthma since I was about 4 years old. That's how long I have been going to allergists, so I know of what I speak when I say Dr. N is excelente. The only reason I can think of to give her 4.5 stars instead of 5 is because I think especially here in Austin, people like alternative therapies, and while I am not suggesting she should add acupuncturist to her c.v. just to satisfy those folks (because I think acupuncture is like playing oboe... if you are a beginner, or just kinda mediocre, it is no good; you have to be awesome for it to be worth a damn), I think that pointing out that there are alternatives to drugs, shots, exercise, & the saline rinsing is worth mentioning. I do get the shots, and use drugs... and exercise like crazy... and do the saline rinsing... AND have tried acupuncture. By far the shots have provided the highest degree of relief, which is why I continue to get them. Probably the highest degree of relief would be achieved by moving away from Austin, but I'm working with what I got here for now.So if I know I can pretty much get the shots anywhere, why do I haul my ass up to Dr. N's office when I live way south?1. Treating allergies with immunotherapy is not an exact science. Well, I guess you could say that about a lot of health treatments, but the shots are really a best guess scenario. Since the shots are doing me a lot of good, I trust Dr. Navarro and her staff are doing a good job analyzing wheal & flare on those skin tests to see exactly what it is I'm allergic to.2. Dr. Navarro is highly schooled and a smarty-pants. She cares very much about her patients and how they are doing. Last year she followed my situation very closely when it appeared my left ear was going to fall off (see my review of Capital Otolaryngology), and got me in to see a specialist outside of her field right away.3. Her office has one day a week with extended hours so if you want to get in to see her in the evening, you can. What, a doc that will see you at 8pm? Yep.Dr. Navarro and I think most of her staff also hablan fluent Spanish, if that is a concern for you as well.haaaa-chooooooooo!
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,1/13/2009,184,184,25,22,25>Let's try a little role-playing exercise.Imagine you are a man who works at a game store.  You see a woman walk in.  She is alone.  Do you:A) Ask her if the game she has picked up is for her son/husband/boyfriend?B) Suggest the latest "Sims" game when she is currently reading the back of "Assassin's Creed"?C) Glare at her like she's some kind of horrible interloper?D) Tell her "you don't want that game, it's so hard" because "I'm really good at these types of games and I had a hard time on Medium"?orE) Help her when she has questions, have a normal conversation about the game(s) she has picked out, and treat her just as you would anyone else who comes in the store?If you work at most of the other Gamestops I've been to, your answer would be A, B, C, or D.  If you work at this particular Gamestop, your answer would be E.  The guys here are always very friendly and helpful, never condescending.  They don't yell at you about trade-ins as soon as you walk in the door, and they don't push you to pre-order everything in the universe.This is my favorite place to get older games.  This location often gets some rarer titles in, and I've made some great finds here.  Bonus: they actually know what I'm talking about when I ask if they have "Ico", and they don't seem to mind that I ask every time I go in there.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,1/12/2009,421,603,1,19,12>A friend joked about her movers who showed up three hours late and stole some of her things. Needless to say, I wanted my first time with movers to be a fairly painless one.After my yelp desperate plea for affordable, non skeezy movers, Apple moving quickly became the most recommended choice.Thank you thank you yelpers! You didn't dissapoint!They were mostly on time ( the 30 min lateness ended up working out to our favor) funny, charming guys who commiserated with us, listened to us vent about our new complex ,and carried a huge chair on their heads.We had a sofa that was pretty much unmovable ( it was wedged into the living room and barely fit out the door) --the movers picked it up and moved it out like it was nothing.I highly, highly recommend these movers. 100 bucks an hour, two hours minimum, no extra charges.Brava, Apple!
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,1/11/2009,27,17,10,11,11>Obviously, the Alamo isn't exactly a top secret Austin hangout.  It's deserving of its reputation for many reasons, but topping my list:  The 20 Beer Chili is the best chili in the world.  I've refrained on several occasions from calling the theater to ask if I can just get an order to go without seeing a movie.  Sure, the films and events are cool, and the rest of the menu is great to good.  But the chili?  OMG.  It's a majestic symphony of flavors; perfectly spicy and peppered with tender chunks of steak.  I'm going to have to take their word on the 20 Beer claim, but after vacuuming out a bowl, I am invariably drunk with pleasure.It's so delicious that you might not notice the crappiness of the film you're watching.  It took seven bowls to get me through Southland Tales.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,1/10/2009,467,441,10,12,12>Mmmmmmmm.... donuts!Didn't get to experience the hot, fresh, melt in your mouth free glazed donut... but the warm, relatively fresh, free glazed donut was pretty tasty, too.  Bavarian creme was pretty good, but made a mess all over my computer and the floor... not to mention my hands.  That is all.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/9/2009,315,273,15,14,15>Alcoholics shouldn't go to bars.  Carla should not go to beauty salons.I think I have an addiction.  I already go to one every two weeks and I'm about to cheat and start going here on the sly.  Horrid I know.I didn't want to go to Joie de Vie because of all the negative reviews.  I was lured with their teeth whitening treatment.  The whitening results were not what I hoped for, but I went in only being 3 shades from the whitest possible and left at #2 (I really want to be Ross from the black light episode of "Friends")  I think the results would have been more dramatic for others. Shelby is the one who did the whitening and she has a great manner.  The sort that you feel like you know already.  I think she said she was a massage therapist as well so when I cheat on my regular salon, I think a massage will be the first dalliance.I really liked the feel of the salon, and I noticed on a board that they have some great specials going right now.  You can pick two services from a list of 5 or 6 for $99.  That is NOT bad.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2008,1/8/2009,704,840,13,21,22>I met Tara M. and Kimberly K. here for a healthy, natural, organic kind of a Saturday morning.  Fresh vegetables, gluten free cinnamon rolls and sandwiches, tasty tamales, delicious teas and lemonade cooling in interesting plastic spheres, soba salad samples, lovely skin scrubs and products, cool live music and playmates for Mia, Tara's pup.There was also organic meats (lamb, bison and beef), homemade popsicles in flavors such as soy coconut, kiwi lime, horchata and strawberry, freshly made sweet smelling soap, creative jewelry, special cheeses and dips, fresh roasted coffee, farm fresh eggs and SVFM t-shirts.As we strolled through the throng of people Tara says, "I think that guy over there with the long hair is hot."  I look over to see a tall, tan, handsome man wearing a green print shirt who appears to have walked off a beach in Jamaica where he had been sipping a rum drink and romancing a girl with a flower behind her hair.  Yes, I agree.  He is hot.And for kombucha fans (which I am one), Kimberly can swig down an entire jar of this immune enhancing liquid in minutes.  Kind of amazing.  It hurts me to drink 4 ounces.  It is sold here in flavors of blueberry, grape and ginger.  Half way into the market we met Kimberly's parent's neighbors, Liz and Bruce, who were there with two beautiful rescued Mastiffs.  Mia was in heaven and rolled around on the asphalt in anticipation of playtime.There is something for everyone at this wonderful mecca of fresh produce and healthy food.  I love supporting central Texas farmers and small local businesses and plan to be here at least once a month.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,1/7/2009,105,47,15,18,16>Is this Austin's best happy hour?Probably not. But the vibe I got from this joint stuck with me for at least 14.5 hours. It's half-price coque-tails, wine and appy-tizahs y'all and the Paggi Mojito had me at hello.  The blood-orange Margarita was tart like an Olsen twin, and the Wild Gulf Shrimp app was tasty and more-ish.The setting at Paggi House is historical and modern all at once. The charm of an olde towne Austin home combined with the sharp Saarinen-esque back-bar patio made my architectural alternate personality drool.Service was a little slow at times at a bar that wasn't overly jammed, but a warm reception from the owners more than made up for this. I'm anxious to head back to Paggi House for what looks to be a fabulous dining experience.Free valet and a pleasing lack of jerkshirts make it my current favorite for happy hour get togethers.(Don't park in the spots by the pitch and putt, they'll tow.)
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,1/6/2009,12,26,9,10,8>It's not often that I drop $60 on a meal and leave the restaurant free of eater's remorse. Then again, it's not often that I run across a jewel like Jezebel.Having made reservations, I was walking down Congress counting down the address numbers to 914. However, the hostesses spotted me before I did them, and when I turned to enter I saw them jump to attention, ready to either show me to my table or beat the crap out of me and run off with my handbag. Thankfully, it was the former, and before I could say "I have reserv..." I was at my table with a napkin in my lap and a menu in my face. After reviewing my options, I threw caution and my pocketbook to the wind and ordered the baby arugula salad (w/ berries, herbs, and Spanish Manchego cheese) for starters and the king of the entrees, the roasted Chilean Seabass (w/ Maine lobster covered in a mango curry leaf sauce). The service was as excellent as the food: efficient, professional, and not over-bearing. When our courses were ready, the wait staff would assemble in ranks near the kitchen, arm themselves with our orders, and move in on our table from all sides. Again, at first my friends and I weren't sure if we should make a run for it, but once we laid eyes on our plates, we surrendered all doubts about the place. As my friend so eloquently put it: "This is, like, the best thing I've ever put in my mouth." Hyperboles aside, Restaurant Jezebel was truly worth every penny spent, and I plan to return anytime my bank account allows.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,1/5/2009,57,36,11,12,14>Debbie R. and I opted for a frugal girls' day out here last week. We chose the 80-minute ultimate facial experience ($25, tips appreciated) and received 50% off when we paid. Not sure why, but not complaining, either. A $12.50 facial = most pleasant surprise next to winning a new car from The Ellen Show. We noticed they have weekly specials (this week it's $15 facials), so maybe we hit the 50% off any service week.Sure, we shared a room with three other customers, but I just chose to look at it like booking a spa day with your gal pals. The music was noise-canceling enough, though it was piano music, which I don't find as relaxing as, say, violins. Plus, I heard what I think was the Romeo+Juliet theme, which immediately pulled what should've been background music to the foreground as I conjured up Leo DiCaprio images in overexposed colors.My esthetician, Tara, was fantastic. When she was unsure about something, she called her instructor over to explain -- very comforting when you're entrusting your face to beauty school students. She kicked the bed a few times, which was mildly jolting, but most of the time she was sure-handed with a gentle touch -- relaxing, indeed. I snored, in fact. Twice. Everyone -- front desk, esthetician, instructor -- was genuinely friendly, too. I'm absolutely sold on future spa treatments.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,1/4/2009,212,150,38,25,28>Did...did you just order a $10 hamburger?That's a burger? That's ground beef and bread?That's $10? They don't put bourbon in it or nothin'? Just checkin'.***Later****Can I try that burger?Goddamn, that's a pretty fucking good burger. I don't know if it's worth $10, but it's pretty fucking good.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,1/3/2009,131,37,14,25,15>This place is AMAZING and I am there at least once a week... but here I go again giving a 5 star business only 4.  The reason:  Yippies, damn them!  Yippies (noun)- Yuppies who display hippie sensibilities.  Example: Saying goodbye to her fellow Yippie moms, Sarah packed her organic produce ladened hemp bags in the back of her BMW station wagon.Now, I have nothing against Yippies as people, but it their general lack of respect of posted hours of business has sparked an arms race of sorts.  For those of you unfamiliar with how Boggy Creek works, they have a farmers market Wednesday and Saturday from 9am-1.  Traditionally, local chefs get in a little early to grab first dibs on the good stuff.  Here's where the yippies come in- they've been showing up earlier and earlier to try to beat out the chefs.  This, in turn, pushes the chefs to come earlier.  The end result- those of us who respect the time of business and show up at 9am arrive to find the place packed and all the greens (generally the first to go) gone.  Here's my online plea:  Please, please, please support our local farm but respect the posted hours.  Who is with me?
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,1/2/2009,48,60,11,10,13>I've only been to Longbranch twice, and both times I was part of a quartet. Both times the four of us huddled over a table and our drinks, cackling as we talked about boys, boys, and then boys. Both times topics such as numbers and age at the loss of innocence came up. And although the groups were different, both times I was the Charlotte character. That's so disappointing. I long to be Miranda.Longbranch is great for these kinds of conversations. It's dark, so if you blush as you make a confession, no one knows. It's crowded enough that you can tell detailed stories without fear of everyone hearing you, but it's not so crowded that you can't hear each other. The drinks are strong enough to loosen your lips, and the bartenders are fast and attentive and keep 'em coming.Much has been made of the changing crowd. There seems to be a lot of  "oh-no-they've-taken-over-another-of-my-favorite-­bars!" anguish. OK. I don't really get that. Everyone seemed laidback and non-offensive to me. But really, I wasn't paying any attention to them. I hope nobody committed any crimes because I sure as heck couldn't help the police come up with a sketch of anyone. I was there with my friends having a good time. The atmosphere and the people around us were just the backdrop (though the guy playing pool with just one arm was kind of interesting to watch). And I'm a fan of bars that make me so comfortable that I'm oblivious to my surroundings like that. To me, that's a job well-done.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,1/1/2009,8,9,6,10,9>I've never been one to admit anything was wrong with me.  Mind over matter, right?  If I think I feel good, then I must feel good.My good friend introduced me to Dr. Ron and he has admittedly helped me out in several pinches when matter overtook my mind.The first was about 6 months ago when I had a first time ever dizzy spell.  Totally unexpected and unexplained.  Dr Ron to the rescue, snap crackle pop, good as new.  Next came an issue in my shoulder, couldn't turn my head.  Again, with the magic.I just got back from a trip to Whistler where I wiped out going down a run I had no business being on.  I was sore and bruised and all that, but this little bitty pinch in my neck has been here for days.  I've had 2 massages since and while the pain was relived, it was temporary.  I just got home from my visit with Ron and feel great.  I don't know why I waited.Dr. Ron is very conveniently located, his space is comfortable, cozy even, very affordable and he's totally fun to be around.  He doesn't spit out a ton of stuff that's over your head, but he still explains exactly what is going on with whatever issue you are having.  He gives you a follow up plan and you're out the door, no time at all.me = 100% fan
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/30/2008,56,167,1,13,9>Thai Cuisine is a brand new Thai restaurant in north Austin, right next door to Tomo sushi.  They opened on December 3rd and the bf & I checked it out on Sunday evening, the 7th.The restaurant space is open and airy, much like Masala Wok near Tech Ridge.  They've done a nice job with the space, with new paint in bold colors (though not garish), a tabletop fountain at the front, and nice wooden booths and tables.When we arrived, the restaurant was busy, but nowhere close to full.  We were seated promptly and our drink orders were gotten soon after.  Sodas are in cans, but you do get one free refill, which surprised me.We ordered chicken tom ka soup, pork pad thai, and thai style sweet & sour tofu with brown rice.  After our order was taken, we were surprised by being given a free plate of their thai salad, a delicious concoction featuring mixed greens, fake crab strips, roe, and a house dressing that tastes suspiciously like the spicy mayo sauce used on some of Tomo's specialty rolls (no, to my knowledge the restaurants have no connection to each other, but the familiarity of the dressing was jarring).  Anyways, presumably they were giving free dishes out to celebrate their Grand Opening and get people interested in more dishes.Afterward, the soup came out and it was quite tasty.  While delicious, I do think it was overpriced for the quantity.  A single-serving bowl was $4.95.  You'd be better off getting the "hot pot" version, which was 7 or 8 dollars and has multiple servings.  Most entrees, though, were in the $9-11 range, which I believe is a fair price.When our entrees came out, I was somewhat surprised by the presentation.  The quantities were plentiful, but it the plate arrangement & garnishes looked like something out of a much more expensive restaurant.My sweet & sour was good.  The tofu was fried and a bit chewy, but the veggies were plentiful and fresh.  The tofu was sauteed with pineapple, bell pepper, green onion, and tomato, and served in a tomato-based sweet & sour sauce and paired quite nicely with the brown rice.My bf's pad thai was equally delicious and generously portioned.  I'm no pad thai aficionado, but it tasted quite authentic to me.After putting leftovers in to-go boxes, we were treated to another surprise: a free dish of their homemade coconut ice cream for dessert, again in celebration of their Grand Opening.  It seemed colder than most ice cream I've had, so my teeth hurt initially, but it wasn't icy.  It was creamy and full-flavored, had coconut flesh mixed in, and was topped with peanuts.Our final bill came to about $25, not bad for dinner for two.  I think this would be a great place to bring a big group and share soup & entrees.  We'll definitely be back, either on our own or with friends.  :)
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/29/2008,78,223,9,12,11>Today I had a cookie made of gluten free dark chocolate dough with a sea salted peanut mix-in and it tasted completely like a non gluten free cookie!  So, of course I am in love with Cookie Lounge.But I do have some concerns about our long term compatibility.... - It is SO loud in the store! Like so loud that you have to yell at people sitting on the couch next to you. Put some sound absorbing stuff somewhere, please! - The ordering process is tedious. You fill out the top portion of a paper for each cookie, hand it to an employee, they read it, they write the same exact thing as you wrote but now on the bottom half of the paper, they rip off the top half that you wrote and give it to the cashier. This just seems ..... slow. Why not just let me tell them what I want since you're writing it down anyway?- It takes a really long time to get your cookies. I totally appreciate that they're making them from scratch but we were there for almost an hour ordering and getting cookies for 4 people (about 15 minutes of this was because one of our cookies was made incorrectly and had to be redone). I think that it wouldn't seem so long if the waiting area was quieter and more relaxing. - Some of the employees seem confused about what order they're supposed to do things in and about what you're supposed to do.So basically, LOVE the cookies, do not love being in the actual store. Luckily there is a very simple solution to this problem... I'll just order $15 of awesome cookies from Cookie Lounge and have them deliver them to me! Get the peanuts on a chocolate cookie! Your mouth will be happy.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/27/2008,31,7,5,8,10>I'm gay, and I usually can't stand to be around gay people (the campy type you potentially find at bars such as this), but I really enjoy this bar and go there at least once every week with my straight friends who somehow always manage to catch some tail.  The music tends to be the same shit every night, but I don't mind it.  The dance floor is a bit small, but somehow you can find a space to shake your ass without hurting anyone.  The drinks aren't expensive and they actually have a "healthy" amount of booze in them.  The atmosphere is pretty good as well.  People are usually friendly (gay and straight alike), and somehow the crowd manages to stay fresh in spite of my regular attendance.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/26/2008,312,628,2,7,9>Well I definitely need to write a review about this place so I can add it to my "Austin's Best" list on Yelp!  I think this Alamo Drafthouse is one of the reasons Austin is so great.  It's on my list of "Top 5" on my Austin tour when my California friends and family come visit me, and the experience has not disappointed anyone yet.  My friend Melissa, a petite and somewhat finicky girl, devoured her spicy blue burger and pint of Newcastle brown ale and said, "Man, if I had one of these where I lived I'd have a standing date with myself every Saturday afternoon with this place!"  I enjoy their buffalo chicken and blue cheese salad, which is no longer on the menu but they are willing to make it for me anyway.  And they have over twenty beers on tap.  And they serve fresh baked-to-order chocolate chip cookies.Last night I attended a special event that was part of "Eat Local Week": the movie "Big Night Feast" that included a meal comprised of the things that were served in the movie.  What's not to like here?:1.  The event supported our local Austin growers and the Urban Roots Youth Development program.2.  The movie was A+.3.  The food in the movie looked amazing and then I got to taste the very things making my mouth water, including the Timpano (an O.M.G. experience).  4.  The meal was accompanied by generous pours of wine.5.  The service provided by the hard-working staff at the Alamo was fast, efficient and "Austin friendly."Yay for the Alamo Drafthouse making a movie going experience creative and unique, and kudos to Trish Eichelberger, the socially conscious and talented Alamo chef who prepared our Italian feast.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/25/2008,91,169,7,10,13>I'm not really a 6th street kind of gal, but B.D. Riley's keeps me coming back week after week. Why? I'll tell you. I first ventured here to check out the weekly trivia night (Wednesday nights at 8:00 pm) with a group of Yelpers who make a regular appearance. If you like Pub Trivia, this is your place. No gimmicks, just great questions that make your brain hurt a little bit. But what keeps me coming back is the service. Steve B. and his employees are truly class acts. There is no fanfare or pretentiousness with their service. Just true, genuine hospitality. Andy keeps our glasses full, and at the end of the night remembers what I've had and brings our table individual checks with no hassle. If I haven't eaten dinner before venturing down to trivia night, I can count on some good eats, too. Round that out with parking at the Littlefield Garage (B.D.'s will take $5 off your tab on trivia night if you remember to bring your ticket with you) less than a block away, and you've got the makings for a great evening!
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/24/2008,141,127,8,8,9>I really do love this place.  I've been coming here almost daily for three years now, and it's still just as fantastic as ever.They've expanded the breakfast taco selection a bit, and the lady now brings them in around 7, and a second batch around 10:30.  The second batch has lunch fare--I'm rather fond of the chicken fajita taco.The beer selection has improved of late too.  They always have at least 6-8 good microbrew brands.Oh, and they finally learned how to spell "coffee" but their general spelling problems still are evident and adorable.  I believe the sign currently says "Coffee Holidzae."
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2008,12/23/2008,446,557,16,18,15>Maybe Copa is more of a night spot than a lunch place.  I am definitely interested in checking it out some time, even though I am not a good dancer. Don't get me wrong, my food was good, but I think the atmosphere and layout might work better as a club than a sit-down restaurant. The front of the restaurant looked classy, a bit like a lounge, but for some reason, we were seated at a plastic conference table near the exit to the patio. The hard walls and floors throughout the building made the environment a little bit loud, even in a far back corner. The lighting was not bright overall, but one track light shone directly into my face, which was slightly annoying.  Had I not been with a group, I might have asked to be moved. An observant server would probably have noticed this problem, but mine did not.  He did, however, get everyone's order correct and delivered our meals promptly. I definitely recommend the Green Chile Pechuga ($8.95) a chicken breast smothered in onions, peppers, spinach, tomato and queso (I left off the mushrooms and gave away the avocado). Aimee C. and I shared this entree and I thought the portion was ample (no split plate charge either).  I can't vouch for the charro beans, but the rice was pretty ordinary. Fortunately, I had a little extra queso and onions from my chicken, and those helped improve the rice considerably.Since Aimee and I split a meal while our friends had their own meals, and some people had soft drinks while others did not, we took the time to write our names and the amount we wanted on our credit cards on the back of our receipt. Well, the waiter disregarded this and split the bill evenly.  This inequity was minor, but I did end up paying about $1.25 more than I would have otherwise. But later, I found some money in my car, so I feel like in the grand scheme of things, the universe balanced out that day.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,12/22/2008,611,369,17,15,16>[to be read as an episode of Fox's hit, yet awful series, "24"]*beep beep*(00:04:31)"This is going to be like, maybe a 2-star review.  I don't like the ambiance very much, it seems like it's all geared at making your own bottle of wine.  I couldn't see myself drinking a glass here."*beep beep*(00:04:42)"Ohmygod, this girl is so nice.  Where do they get staff like this?  YES!  I'm going to have that Pinotage, I don't care that it's a faux pas in the wine world to love it.  I do, she does, they have it, and I am in amazement at all the other things they are letting me freely sample here!!"*beep beep*(00:04:51)"Now that I've completed 400 free samples it appears, according to this chart I can have additional samples of just about EVERYTHING in the store for just $1 a taste.   Oh, wow!  Wines by the glass really aren't that much higher, the $4-$8 price range is beyond fair!  This one goes for about $44 at high-end grocery stores and here you can fetch it by the bottle for less than $25!"*beep beep*(00:05:11)"Is it just me or is everyone that comes in here a couple?  This must be the most romantic thing in the world to do if you're an already live-in couple!  Those two just made a wine and label based on their two dogs and named it '8 Paws.'  Kind of sickeningly-adorable, but at least adorable.  I can't get over how the staff knows each couple that comes in by name, and seems genuinely interested in them and what they desire."*beep beep*(00:05:14)"Okay, this is not the GREATEST wine in the world, but at these prices?  I'm going to lubricate my way back onto the bus I dread being on.  The manager is kind enough to want to show me what goes on in the back and let me peak at the wine while its fermenting with the oak chips and skins floating in... gotta figure out how to walk straight enough to not get cut off..."*beep beep*(00:05:29)"I can't believe it, I want to give this place 5-stars.  I have never seen such amazing customer service in my life... not just to me... but to everyone who walked in.  That one lady (Laura?), she's got spark.  It was fascinating and fun being here, I still don't like the ambiance as much as I want to, but the warmth from the obviously repeat customers (one couple seemed to attend religiously and was very familiar with the wines), and the staff... it feels pretty warm in the good way suddenly.  The price per glass isn't hurting and the fact that I, as a wine-obsessed enthusiast, get to learn a little more about the process (if not even take part in it myself if I wanted - after all, this is a place you can create your own bottle/batch in), wow, this place is growing on me... now to go detonate a bomb..."
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2008,12/21/2008,146,505,4,6,6>Threadgills, the Austin institution, was fairly dead on Wednesday night, which surprised me. Despite the light crowd, there were a million annoying teenaged waitresses hovering around the hostess stand, ready to be effusive about wishing us a "great day." Half of them should have been sent home. Beyond that thicket, we needed super fast food as we were going to the theatre. Our waitress really delivered. I had the garlic chicken over garlic spinach (I had gum with me, I promise.).  I asked for more spinach on the side and a dinner salad. All that food was about $11.50. Not bad, right? I was pleased with the spinach and chicken, but the salad was puny and limp. The atmosphere is very down home and austere, which fits its theme without being pushy or silly about it. Overall, I liked it enough to return for some other menu favorites...and maybe some pie.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,12/20/2008,57,16,4,3,5>My goodness! The petty gripes! This is an oasis of coolness that you rarely find and as such, one to be enjoyed! I've been to my share of wine bars across the country and what a neat and cool place to sip a vino with a date or just to meet the stranger or two that strikes up the conversation (and always friendly) that beats the chain wine places 3 ways to Sunday. That is what I really like about Austin is the uniqueness of this city! The prices? Pretty good! The vibe? Coooooooooool! The selection? What are you expecting? Specs? C'mon, it's in a HOUSE and not a warehouse and as such, the selection is pretty good! Go to their Myspace page and pull up the menu and I'd say it's a fair selection. So get the wine and cheese plate (they aren't too stingy with the cheese and crackers for the price) and I agree with another reviewer, Sunday is the time to go to get your vino mac on!My petty gripe? People that gripe about little things. Sheesh. (And I know I am going to get griped at...lol) Happy Holidays to all, anyway!
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/19/2008,171,194,6,7,5>Teo, teo bo beo banana fana fo feo ... TEO.  I've traversed the contiguous United States and Canada sampling gelato all along the way.  It's true that Vancouver, Canada has the corner on the market for the highest concentration of awesome gelato, but I've always described Vancouver as Canada's version of Austin.  So, by extension, I like to think of TEO as a little portal to Canadian gelato deliciousness.  I don't know how you make gelato, but I that I think that Teo makes the best gelato in Austin.  It is well balanced both in terms of flavor and texture - not too icy, not too heavy ... it's juuuussst right.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,12/18/2008,255,164,27,23,24>I've lived in Texas for 14 years now. Ever since I was able to choose my state of residency. Does that make me a Texan?...  I don't know, but after all these years of being around boot wearin', pick-up drivin', proud as hell Texans, it's altered my Adidas and Puma preference DNA.. I decided I should get myself some cowboy boots.     Where else would I go but a place called Boot City? It's a few blocks from my ranch (apartment), and on the best road in the world. (Burnet)    Turns out the staff here are very helpful, even for greenhorns new to the boot game. (I did have a pair in high school, but they were ill-fitting so I never wore them)      Their selection of boots is staggering. If you have normal size feet that is. The section with size 14's is limited to 3 or 4 pair. The 9's and 10's have at least 200 per gender, and I'm not even exaggerating.     After trying on a few 14s and finding them too loose, the helpful young woman told me to put on a 13. Reluctantly I obliged, knowing that no 13 *shoe* would ever fit my clown feet.  "Boot sizes are different than shoe sizes" she said. And she was right! I'm a 13 in boots.      I found a nice quality, stylish pair of Lucchese's (the "Cadillac of boots") in a beautiful chocolate brown.   They were a little more than I wanted to spend, but she informed me I should "go big or not go at all".  Now I felt like I was gearing up for a big rodeo ride!  I had to go big!      I'm very happy with my new kickers. If I ever need another pair, or a matching belt, or a belt buckle bigger than my face, I'm going back to Boot City y'all. Yee to tha MF'in Haw!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,12/16/2008,324,543,10,17,15>The five guys who own and/or run this great company must have a hive-mind or something. A really creative, buzzy hive-mind.They produce work that is consistently hip, hot, clever and on-point no matter the chief individual working on a project. Their office is supremely cool (even if I did find a cockroach in the bathroom (: ) and makes me totally jealous. I only wish my "pod" (mini cubicle) could be full of such inspiring design!Your band needs them. Your brand needs them. Your brain might just need them.To disclose properly: I know one of the guys here personally. He's awesome. I know nothing about their rates or ability to meet deadlines, but some of my (and your) favorite bands and other cool companies come to them, and that's a pretty good endorsement if you ask me!Their limited edition prints and the work they've all done before (and during) their time at Decoder Ring is equally impressive.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,12/15/2008,27,69,10,8,9>this little shop has something special. mrs. wife and i went in before dinner to pick up something for after dinner - and they were sold out of cupcakes. i was not the least bit upset because i am here to preach the joy and beauty of the dessert bars. we had the hello dolly one (seems to be popular) with its choco-coco ass-kick-ness and a killer carmelized banana something. i tried to eat them both before my bitter half could stop me, alas my plot was foiled. what is the secret to this yumminess? i saw a small child in there when we bought our desserts. maybe they are extracting the sweetness from infants and injecting it into their creations and adding more sugar on top. yes, they are sweeter than babies. eat them. (not babies)
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2008,12/14/2008,315,239,15,15,13>A long, long time ago, before parenthood sapped the spontaneity right out of me, I was a bit of a karaoke monster. You could find me at Nics & Nocs (remember that place, before PF Chang's moved in downtown?), belting out "Welcome to Jungle" in a 1950's party dress, inspiring the crowd to jump up and offer their best Axl Rose snake dances. Ah, those were the days....When my good buddies dragged me out to go singing (okay, I begged them to take me) last weekend, we decided to give The Water Tank a try. It's on my side of town, and we'd heard it would be less crowded than Common Interest (at which it can be virtually impossible to find a seat or get on stage on weekends). My first impressions at 8p on Friday were ambivalent: ~ gotta pass through the smoker's ghetto on the front porch (at least it's not inside the bar like at Canary Hut); ~ mixed crowd of mostly blue collars & blue hairs (not sure how welcome outsiders will be); + open tables near the stage; - too bright, harsh lighting; - single stall bathroom; + kitchen serving until 11p. The first 90 minutes, almost all of the songs are slow tempo classic country, with a sprinkling of 1950s oldies and show tunes; it could be awful depending on your tastes, but I found it a refreshing change from the typical Britney/Backstreet/Sinatra mix. I figured my best strategy was to blend in, so I opened with a Loretta Lynn gem, "You Ain't Woman Enough." The crowd ate it up, so my next pick was "Blue Bayou," which buys me enough good will that they don't boo me off stage when Madonna's "Like A Prayer" (complete with back-up choir) is my finale. As the night wore on, the crowd got a little younger and the song selection a little bit more lively. Most of the singers were pretty good, and those who weren't were still given a friendly & supportive reception. The Tank would probably be a great place for a karaoke virgin to take the mike for the first time.Apparently, there is a house rule that Santana's "Smooth" = mandatory Electric Slide, and resistance is futile. Get out there and do it! The seniors will enjoy showing you how. The KJ was a memorable character, to say the least. After trying to place him for a better part of the night, I realized that he reminded me of that tanned & hair-sprayed guy who emcees all of the little girl beauty pageants on that Discovery channel documentary. Friendly, earnest, and slightly tragic, as if he's doing this gig while he waits for the big showbiz break that never comes. Still, he welcomes us as Tank newbies, working our songs into the rotation and giving us several opportunities to sing, unlike some snooty KJs who pretend all non-regulars are invisible. Taking a tip from Susie, I paid in cash for my drinks all night and didn't have a problem with any bloated tab surprises. We also ordered queso & hot wings from the kitchen; both were fine. Bottom line, our group had a fun & memorable time at the Tank. We'll be back someday.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/13/2008,31,26,9,11,7>Galaxy Cafe on Slaughter and Brodie was the best kept secret of Austin Texas until 2006. At that time it was discovered by the breeders of Austin and that was that.I can not even find a table at this restaurant during most weekends. It is insane.The acoustics of the restaurant are its biggest liability. Try talking over an army of screaming babies located conveniently at the next table. A rule of thumb is if you as the parents are outnumbered by your kids, please do not take them to any restraurant other than Mc.D or Chuckie Cheese's. Because if you do take them to the other restaurants not only do you ruin your life, you ruin our dinner. And that makes me sad.Ok back to the restaurant. Galaxy has a fixed menu with a few specials that come and go. You pick your selections at the door and place your order as you enter the restaurant and you're given a number to place at your table. Overall the menu is dinery with a solid selection of favorites for all ages, sizes and shapes. A very safe menu indeed. There are at least 10 items on this menu that I would not mind eating on any given day of the week. The only drawback of the menu is the fact that it has remained unchanged for the last 3 years. While this may be strength point it also is a weakness because I am unable to persuade my friends to go to this restaurant --- they are sick of the menu. They do not want to see it again.The staff of Galaxy deserves not 5 but 10 stars -- possibly the friendliest, most attentive bunch of people you will ever have at a restaurant.  The establishment is clean, the service is efficient, the general feel of the restaurant is industrial yet relaxing (when 10 babies are not crying at once). They have free wireless access and that's awesome for late afternoon meetings or working on weekend projects with friends. And unlike Austin Java you're not greeted by 30 people all hiding behind their laptop screens every time you enter Galaxy Cafe. They must not have discovered this location yet.Overall Galaxy is a great lunch place, and also a great candidate for either early or late Sunday Brunch. Forget trying to get in around 10-12AM, you will be sorry.They also have a Clarksville location for those who live closer to downtown.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,12/12/2008,75,48,1,15,12>This is one of my favorite "hidden" spots in Austin, so much so that I am afraid to get the word out. The place is Ronnie's Real Food Bistro. It's nestled in the woods off of Bee Caves & you would never know it was there unless someone told you. It's in a small strip off a wooded road in West Austin and has huge windows in all directions with only trees and grass and no streets or buildings in the view at all.  Ronnie is a great guy who always genuinely greets you at the door & if you're a regular, he chats with you regarding your last vacation or promotion you spoke about last time. Ronnie is usually the chef, host, waiter, and busboy all in one unless it's a busy night then he gets a couple of people to help.  The restaurant is not fancy but it's comfortable and seats about 40 people total in one room. The restaurant is only open for dinner at 7pm on Thursdays-Sundays. You have to call ahead to make a reservation b/c sometimes they fill up fast plus he needs to know how much to make for this small joint. There is a prix frix menu that changes every week. The menu is posted on his website several weeks ahead of time & he also has an e-mail list that you can sign up for. The four-course meal features an appetizer, entree (veggie options available), salad and dessert with coffee or a roasted grain beverage. Here's the best part, for this four course gourmet meal, he only charges $25 which INCLUDES tax and tip. They do not serve alcohol but it BYOB so you can bring a bottle or two of wine with you or a cordial for after dinner, which they open for you for NO corkage charge. Plus you don't have to decide what to eat b/c you already know so you have more time to chat with your friends.  Now on to the delicious food. The menu tends to have a rustic French feel. Often it starts with some mini quiche or salmon mousse to wet your appetite. Then a soup is served. One of my favorites has been the cold honeydew melon soup with cucumber chile ice. The soup is sweet yet sour in a perfect kind of way and then a piece of shaved ice flavored with cucumber & chile slowly melts in the middle offering a great spice yet cool cucumber flavor to the soup. Another good soup is the bonne soup. It's practically a staple in the French countryside, and it's usually made of whatever vegetables are available (small red potatoes, carrots, fresh green beans, peas, onions, parsley). The entre is usually quite substantial in size. He usually has a meat selection (usually beef or salmon) and a veggie selection. When you make you reservation via telephone, you tell him what selection people from you party want along with any food allergies so he can accommodate everyone. I've enjoyed the Tuscan-style beef or tempeh. It's a delicious Italian spiced beef or tempeh stew served over polenta. Cooked in red wine with basil, winter squash and spices, this is a rich and hardy combination. The firm polenta is seasoned with oregano, rosemary, and sharp cheddar cheese. It's a fancier version of a home-cooked beef stew and is wonderful.  I have also enjoyed the braised salmon, chicken or tofu. Salmon, chicken breasts, or tofu are also braised in red wine with herbs and spices. Served with organic brown rice with zucchini and sweet red peppers. The salmon is especially delicious and melts in your mouth. The only criticism I can give is that sometimes I feel the entrees need a bit more salt but that could just be my personal taste. After the entre, there is a salad course because this is the European way to serve the meal to cleanse the palate and aid digestion. The salads tend to light with very fresh organic vegetables and homemade vinaigrette. It's time for the dessert. Memorable desserts for me have been the espresso-rum crme custard. This custard is lovely and light. The flavors and textures of whipping cream, espresso, dark rum and vanilla compliment each other. I also enjoyed the Hawaiian mud torte. This simple but rich dessert features coconut macaroons sandwiched with vanilla ice cream and topped with chocolate ganache. With your dessert, you have your choice of coffee, hot tea, or roasted grain beverage.  Wikipedia says a roasted grain beverage is "a hot beverage made from one or more cereal grains roasted and processed into crystal or powder form to be reconstituted later in hot water. The product is often marketed as a caffeine-free alternative to coffee and tea."  It always has an oatmeal-like flavor to me. What is so great about Ronnie's is that you feel like someone cooked gourmet food especially for you. You can bring your own wine so the cost of $25 (meal, tax & tip included) is very affordable for the high quality of the food. Ronnie's has a great intimate feel and delicious food in a beautiful setting. But most of all, Ronnie's would not be anything without Ronnie's kind presence and wonderful conversation along with the care he puts into every morsel that passes your lips.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,12/11/2008,155,339,11,12,9>I'm trying to hate The Domain like a good Austinite, but places like The Steeping Room make it very difficult to maintain that obligatory keep-Austin-weird 'tude. Firstly, it's locally owned. Secondly, clotted cream. Thirdly, did I mention clotted cream?The restaurant is very small and has simple, modern decor. Tea is served on square wood trivets, very cool. I ordered the scone set tea service. Fresh brewed tea, two scones, jam, and clotted cream. They also brought me milk at my request instead of cream for my tea - this is vital. The earl grey tea was just gorgeous. Smokey, but not too intense. I had a currant scone - very light and tasty, and a ginger scone, a little drier but with excellent flavor.  Both excellent with the clotted cream (for the uninitiated, clotted cream is sort of the love child of mascarpone and whipped butter).  The scone tea service was $8.95, a bit steep, but both scones were huge, so next time I'm going to bring a friend and share. Service was very good. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,12/10/2008,38,37,11,12,13>Having been unable to avoid stellar reviews of the quaint restaurant, I had to take a night to indulge in it myself.I called ahead and was told the wait time was over an hour (around 8:30PM on a Saturday night). I headed there anyway and was seated within 15 minutes when I showed up around 9:30PM. They did mention they usually call your cell phone - which is a great idea - but since the wait wasn't that long they wouldn't need to. Fresh bread and butter quickly arrived at the back corner table I was seated at, which gave a splendid view of the very dim-lit restaurant. The atmosphere is cozy,  with walls plastered in vintage French posters and advertisements.The key is to order off the fixed price menu. I compiled a delicious meal consisting of white wine, salad, salmon & vegetables, and chocolate mousse (which was fantastic). One of the staff is fluent in French, which I found delightful. Having been a french maid for Halloween - I was curious as to what the phrase "je vous veux" meant, as my friends told me I should just repeat it since I needed to pretend to speak french. The waiter smirked when I asked him - "je vous veux? That means 'I want you'". Ha! So that is what I was telling everyone that night.But back to the subject - the loveliness of Chez Nous. There were couples there on a romantic date, small groups of friends enjoying a night out, older children out with their parents, and one large group out celebrating a birthday. Even though it was packed, you never felt rushed to finish your meal and move out. Long conversations almost seemed encouraged. Now that I know what it has to offer, I look forward to venturing off the fixed price menu into some even more delectable territory. Oh Chez Nous, je vous veux.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,12/9/2008,10,14,4,8,7>Food was delicious, and it was fun because the weather was PERFECT.   That guy who starts his review with "call ahead" -- that's word to the wise my friends.  I recommend you bring hats, sunglasses, ponytail holders, paper-weights to anchor your crepe wrapper to the tv-tray, some wet-ones, and maybe a little mist-er bottle for the dust.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,12/7/2008,57,76,8,15,16>This place is why I moved to Austin.  Seriously people.  They don't have places like this in other cities.  The patio is huge, with tons of tables, lots of shade, fans, a stage with live music, and even a kiddie area for the breeders.  According the the list of rules, if you leave your child unattended on the playground, they will sell it to gypsies.  If I have to hang out in a kid friendly environment, I like to see that they have rules.   It was over 100 degrees during my visit, but with the awesome shade and fans on the patio you honestly couldn't tell.  Plus, they have $1 frozen margaritas anytime it gets over 100.  How can you not like that?  If that doesn't make you forget it's hot, I don't know what will.The service was good and fast.  The waitress kept the margaritas a flowin', and let us know when the temperature dipped down to a more reasonable 99 and the drink special was over.  Freddie's is another great spot close to my home.  I'm starting to love my neighborhood.  I'll definitely be back when the temperature starts climbing.  Hmmm, I wonder if it will reach 100 today...
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,12/5/2008,354,138,20,14,17>I had originally come here to pay respects to Camron for surviving another year.  He seemed happy.  I asked him if he felt any older and he offered me a ticket to the Toadies show at Stubbs.  I didn't really feel like going, too loud, too something.  That's when I realized I was the old one.I ran into some old friends outside on the back patio.  Jeff Pinkus from the now defunct Butthole Surfers and Jimmy Bradshaw from the now defunct Squat Thrust were chilling on the back patio before their show at the stage side of the bar. "I didn't know Creekside had another side.""Yes it's beside creekside."  "Wouldn't that make it the creek?""you're stupid."  Anyway, Jeff and I talked about how I looked all growned up and Jimmy said the same.  I laughed a little, but this was another example of how I was getting old.  We told stories of how we saw a UFO whilst in an altered state one day, and Wonderfish, and how much of a freak I used to be.  I began counting how many years that had been, and again I felt old.Nice bar, stiff drinks, same bartender as was here the last couple of times I've come here.After a good and proper lubing, everyone decided to go to the Beauty Bar and dance. Great, as if I didn't feel old enough.  I'm sure that i will fit right in wearing flip flops and a hawaiian shirt.Old.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,12/4/2008,40,17,10,10,9>These are Bouldin Creek's awards (in the trophy-case that lives in my velvet-lined mind):BEST SOUTH AUSTIN BREAKFASTYou're in South Austin. It's noon on a weekday, and you wanna start with a breakfast sump'n sump'n. And you want to chill afterwards.  Bouldin Creek is the only place that fulfills all these desires, child.  Seriously, there's no other place that has such a wide variety of breakfast foods this late on a weekday.  (Except Magnolia, but it's not really a place you can hang out after you've finished your meal).  BEST SOY CHAII'm a connoisseur of the stuff. Their soy chai actually made me pause.  In our fast lives, if a beverage can be good enough to be the cause for pause, that is a fine, fine thing. Heal the world, everybody. [6/3/08 Update: Quality of the soy chai varies, so you may not get knocked on your ass by deliciousness like I did that day.]BEST (VEGAN) CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIESI'm not vegan. I've heard terrible things about vegan cookies. One day, Bouldin Creek had free samples of their vegan c.c. cookies.  Not one to turn down free samples, I ated it.  My stereotypes? Shattered.  These dang cookies rival even regular chocolate chip cookies - they have the perfect combination of crispness and softness, melty quality chocolate, and an interesting slight top-note of banana.  Six words: Nom Nom Nom. Nom Nom Nom.Thank you for being a friend, Bouldin Creek.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,12/3/2008,421,256,17,17,18>Let me begin by mentioning that this was both our 'spur-of-the-moment' and, might I add, incredibly stubborn decision later on. It was getting close to 9 on a Friday night and my friend V and I still couldn't agree on a new place to try. V: NO Mexican. We always end up Mexican.Me: At the end of the day I end up 50% Mexican (I am half Mexican heritage)V: *starving and irritable, shoots a look dripping with disdain*Me: Sorry. Sooo no Azul Tequila?V: *flares notrils, steam emerges*Me: Ok, ok.  Look, I've got a ton of bookmarks. I'll scroll through and you choose anything that jumps out at you, yeah?V: What about Le Soleil? They have BYOB.Me: *blatantly cringes at the idea of bringing a six pack just for myself* Ooh Triumph Cafe! Fabled back patio, its so-so on the authenticity, but ambiance cures all wounds, right?And so we head north towards Spicewood Springs. It becomes more and more apparent there are thunder clouds a-threatening as we turn on Spicewood. Oh well. We get in the door with about an hour left before closing, so we order quickly. Still craving a beer, I ask the guy behind the register which is his favorite, and he quickly recommends the Kirin Ichiban. Sure, why not. V and I are now sitting out back by their charming fish pond, the sound of trickling water calming our circuits, and the fresh cool breeze blowing by. For a moment I'm startled at the sight of an owl on their roof overlooking another couple and us, but quickly come to my senses. I bet those do wonders for scavenging grackles.We start to feel the slightest sensation of raindrops, and move to a corner table beneath a few trees, raising our umbrella to cover our backs. Our server comes out with V's sauteed beef and my lemongrass chicken. V must be the most brutal Vietnamese food critic I know, and immediately she tells me five stars: it was her favorite comfort food as a child, so triumphant were the cooks here. Thanks for the tip, Michelle! Every now and then the owner comes to the back window and cups his hands to the glass to peer out. We think he's over-considerate about the other couple and us being out there with the rain, so we wave it off as a nicety. Other-Couple is still out here, so we can handle it. No biggie. Along with V, I'm also singing in the rain...about my lemongrass chicken and Kirin. However, our tune quickly transforms into shrieks of panick when the wind begins to blow the rain into our beloved dishes - and our faces. V: Hey, where did the other couple go?Me: Err...V: They left! And the rain's getting in our food...Me: Mmyeah... *back drenched*  wanna head inside?V: *calmly* Yeah.We're each about half-way finished with our dishes, so we flip the beef on top of the chicken, encasing the food in a two-plate shell. We cap our rice with the small bowls they came under, and I grab my Kirin and the empty mug our server brought me. Me: Ready? V: Yeah, run for it!!*Paw at door handle for a second until realizing it's now locked*Me & V: Nooooo... [fades into darkness]. Me: Nuh-uh: no rain in MY chicken!! *Pounds the base of the mug on the door. Nothing. Pounds twice...thrice...quatrice...*Me: Gnaaaahhh!After what seems like a few REM cycles of standing in a rainforest during hurricane season, the manager comes running to the door, unlocks it and whisks us inside. In the whirlwind of sincere apologies coming from both parties, they quickly take our carefully constructed shell of plates and my half-finished Kirin, replacing them with fresh towels. In our over-stimulation of sensations, we take the towels and dry off, feeling terrible for dripping all over their just-mopped floors. Once V and I decide we're dry enough not to muck up their chairs, we sit down. That's when it hits me: my foood! Gingerly, I walk up to the counter and ask our guy if they still happen to have the half-finished dish and Kirin back there, but his look of sympathy tells me it's all over. I begin to say 'Nevermind really, it's our fault' but he quickly offers to have one of their cooks whip up another. I tell him since we're just about full there's really no need, but another rice bowl would be nice. He confirms it to the cook and attempts to soothe my loss: 'I'll get you another beer.'  Well okay, if you say so.We are the last customers in the place, apart from the manager's family, who are now getting their umbrellas out to head home. Umbrellas, V! What an after-thought. We try to finish what we can quickly so not to hold them up any longer - I'm sure it's way past their closing time by now. V pulls up the car and I dive in with my take-home rice & Kirin.And we were half-hoping-half-joking about playing in the rain that night. Wish granted.[Rating explanation: I love rainstorms and lightning shows]
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,12/2/2008,136,206,11,12,9>The newest Torchy's location, on south first at the corner of El Paso - I was the third customer in line at the grand opening!As delicious as the other locations, but with ample indoor and patio seating.(UPDATE! They now have fountain drinks, so I can move them up to 5 stars! Woo Torchy's!)(Another side note - no cilantro means NO cilantro. I wish this foul devil weed would be stricken from our collective spice racks, but baring that , please leave it off my tacos.)Torchy's rules!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,12/1/2008,67,104,9,23,18>For almost 7 yrs now I've been in the care of Dr. Bushart (pronounced bus-heart). He's extremely good at what he does. He's a natural comedian at heart so you find yourself very relaxed and smiling from ear to ear when you need to go visit him. I delivered my son Maddox last September in the care of Dr. Bushart. I was scheduled to be induced on Tuesday, the 18th. The morning of the 17th I go in to see Dr. Bushart and he tells me that I'm not in labor and that I was pretty much STILL at 2 cm dilated. Frustrated I go home in hopes of getting a few hours of sleep, a good meal and some relaxation. During my visit he tells me that it's his 30Th wedding anniversary. Him and his wife were going out for dinner and a show. Quietly, I prayed this baby wouldn't mess up his anniversary dinner and he would be forced out of me the next day as planned. After the appointment I started to get a few cramps but they would subside once i laid down. Later on during The Hills (I'm ashamed) those cramps became more and more intense. Thinking I was in labor we went to the hospital. Upon arrival the hospital nurses said that Dr. Bushart was "off that night"  and that some complete STRANGER was going to deliver my baby. Naturally, I was pissed. I spent 7 years with my OB/GYN and 9 months of this baby being in his care. I was disappointed but I tried to be nice to the other attendee even though she knew I was disappointed that I had HER instead of HIM. Around 6:30 am this baby wanted to come out. I was 100% effaced and ready to push. I gave it one push and as I was starting to push for the second time, my wonderful superman Doctor rushed in putting on his gloves and surgical mask. It was out of an ER episode only it was real. He came in, took charge and a few pushes later he was out. He told me he rushed over as soon as he found out I was in labor. He made it just in time and for that I will forever love my OB/GYN.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,11/30/2008,22,14,7,9,9>My friends and I call drinking here "getting Barflyed" because it's a special kind of drunk - before I started drinking here I don't think I'd ever been totally hammered in an hour without really trying. The drinks are super cheap for what you get. I celebrated a recent windfall here and bought drinks for about twenty people. The bartender told me when I showed up that I had one of the top ten all-time largest tabs ever at Barfly's, so I got really worried.When he handed me the credit card slip, it was around $350. I was staggered. About half the people on the patio were well and truly drunk because of me and it only cost that much? Add that to the fact that I live on 53rd Street, and I think Barfly's might be my favorite bar ever. Plus the bartender is now quite familiar with me!One star off for the sometimes (but not often) extremely loud music and the sometimes annoyingly strong drinks - sometimes you just wanna get a buzz on, y'know?
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,11/29/2008,184,302,25,31,13>I think Dr. Hart may be the best doctor I've ever used in my life.  She's a dermatologist for Austin Derm Care, on Spicewood Springs Road near Triumph Cafe.Now, as long as you're not eating, picture this:  Me, standing in my boxers in a sterile, white waiting room.  I'm in for my yearly "mole patrol", something I have to do every year to ward off the advances of sun damage.I have about as much melanin as Andy Warhol, and I grew up in the "Ocean State" in the days before anyone used sunscreen - hell we used to purposely get sunburned at the beginning of each summer to get our "base" color.  Once, I got drunk with my girlfriend (the "first" Vicki), and we fell asleep on the beach.  I woke up to a serious case of sun poisoning, and spent the next three days sitting in a chair watching huge chunks of my skin peel off.By the time I was in my thirties, I was spending time in doctor's offices with elderly people all around me.  Basal cell carcinomas started appearing on my head, arms and legs with enough regularity that I now am forced to have routine examinations to deal with anything which appears suspicious, lest it turn into something much scarier.Which brings us back to today, with a flabby, hairy, really white guy standing in his boxers in a waiting room.  Dr. Hart, besides being a complete professional, happens to be a pretty cute woman who appears to be about 28 years old.  So what if the last time i saw her she had magenta streaks in her hair?  When you pass 45 years old, you'll find that many of your doctors are going to be younger than you. She circumnavigates my "inspired by the Michelin Man" body, locates three areas she thinks need further examination, and goes to work.  The whole time she is chatting with me about life and travel and the kids, etc.The nice part about being a patient of Dr. Hart is that I never usually wait long, either in the main waiting area or the little examination room.  Its as if she knows that my time is as valuable as hers!She's forthright, funny and seemingly competent.  I've been a patient for several years now and have been completely satisfied with her care.All you kids out there, trust me on this, wear sunscreen.  If you're lucky enough to live a long life, the damage you do to your skin will start taking its toll when you hit 40, and there's nothing redeeming about having people take a glorified cheese grater to your skin every year.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/28/2008,739,709,9,29,20>Okay I am doing you curious yelpers a favor here, going way out on a limb and out of the closet to inform you about Allure.  I would hate to think anyone goes there without a clue about the place and wind up shocked and chagrined at what you'd see there.  Also, I took my girrl there Sat nite (big Halloween party) and was able to better "see" the place thru a "virgin's" eyes.  First of all, this is a Swinger's club people.  It is not what's called an on-premise club and is not a "key" party.  It's simply a place where couples can go scantily clad and either "hook up" with another couple or just find themselves titillated and to re-energize your sexuality with each other.  There is nothing scary here.  However, if you are offended by pornography (large screen playing it all nite), live girl on girl action, partial nudity or hot girls cage dancing then this is not the place for you. Obviously some creeps and pervs do get in but for the most part everyone is respectful of other people.  Nothing is going to happen to you unless you want it to.  The club itself is cavernous.  Over 9000 sq ft.  Has two levels and a VIP section.  The aforementioned cages, a large screen to shadow dance and a stripper pole.  Also a few "reclining beds".  The music is great to dance to.  Mostly hip-hop and anything with the words dick, or pussy in it (go figure.....Prince's "Pussy Control" never goes out of style).  It is a BYOB club and they sell setups for you.  It costs a minimum of $75 to get in.  Steep, I know, but you would pay as much or more at a strip club and you don't have to pay a dime more if you bring all your own drinks.  We brought a full sized cooler filled with vodka, wine and red bull.  The clientele range from 20's to I would guess I saw a couple in their 60's and all races, shapes and sizes.  There is no judgement of looks or behavior.  Women are encouraged to wear next to nothing and may even go topless if they feel so inclined (but don't be surprised if you become very popular if you do!).   There are a list of rules on their website, such as no drugs, no cameras, and no nether regions shall be bared.  Oh, and no single men allowed.  All in all, it's a great place to recharge your sex life.  If you are a woman curious about other women, there is ample opportunity to explore.  But do not go if you are jealous or close minded!  That's why I am writing this.  No excuses people, now you know what to expect!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,11/27/2008,462,751,9,10,8>So, my car eats up starters and batteries with a voracity not often seen in a four year old automobile.Yesterday, after a long day of work, I realized my car was dead due to several factors:1. Karma2. Starter sucking juice from the battery3. I left the lights on.I called Jessica R. who didn't laugh at all - she gets extra credit for that - who hopped into her car and shot down to South Austin to save the day. Only, there was no saving as my car was super dead, not kind of dead. We called The Baconator for advice who started our way. In the meantime we sat on the curb outside Starbucks and put on our thinking caps.Eventually a totally hot guy coming out of the Starbucks suggested that I call the store I bought my battery from and see if they would come and switch it out. What?!? This cannot be!!!It is!Jarrod from AutoZone and his friend with the cast thingie on his hand came by and switched out my battery no questions asked. (All the while enjoying our dirty jokes! Yay for vulvas!)So, AutoZone is awesome and Jarrod is even better!
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,11/26/2008,474,618,5,13,11>$2 taco Tuesdays? Whoot! I finally made it up here on Tuesday night and am so glad I did.  Was expecting the standard walk-up and order market experience, but luckily there was a bar and Lisa A was able to grab us a couple of bar stools. According to the bartender, its much more fun to sit at the bar and order food, rather than standing in the line. He was so nice and funny. When we ordered our beers, he told us everything he had on tap, but the Bud Light was the only one "worth a damn", because that keg was so much colder. Of course, we went in for the $2 tacos, which come grilled, fried, blackened; with your choice of 4 different sauces. I opted for the fried with creamy salsa verde. But after looking at the menu, we couldn't resist ordering some oysters on the half shell and a few hush-puppies.We left there full and satisfied, and our total bill (for two) was $15!!!
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,11/25/2008,141,179,17,20,14>I've bought: boys jeans, cast iron pans and canning supplies, cowboy boots, a broom, wildflower seeds, bandannas, a booklet on making herbal vinegars, a children's book called "The Gingerbread Cowboy", granite-ware plates and bales of hay. Yup, a general store. Lots of ranchers shop here.* It's the kind of place where a real cowboy will help you find the size Wranglers  you need -- or will walk past you and tip his hat hello. I'm such a sucker for that old-school hat-tipping thing. My boys sometimes call Callahan's "The Cowboy Store".We also like to visit the room with the live chicks. Cute. Lots of Texana decorations--you can get a John Wayne cutout! Wish they didn't carry pesticides/herbicides. One star off for that. I can't stand the smell of them. Today we went for coyote urine (to repel feral cats) and blue jeans for my boys. The fitting rooms are very tiny! All the staff were helpful and friendly. Ended up getting three pairs of boys jeans-- but forgot the coyote pee.* I am not a rancher.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,11/24/2008,33,74,11,11,10>I can't find anything wrong with this place... Except that they don't give me free food, and they don't make me brunch in my apartment every weekend.  Given that those are not reasonable things to expect, 5 stars.Crab cakes: awesome.Shrimp quesadillas: amazing.Goat cheese salad: deliciousMigas: best i've had in austin.Bloody mary's: unfortunately delicious.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/23/2008,10,113,10,15,16>For my 100th review, I wanted to go somewhere special that i haven't yet been to. I even held off on reviewing places because i thought they weren't "100th review worthy" - so i chose Peche.I've been here before when it was Malaga. The first time I went to Malaga, I liked it, it was pretty casual and the food was great. The second time, years later, it was packed full of douchebaggery that made me feel very uncomfortable, though the food was still good. I never planned on going back to this spot, until i heard an absinthe bar opened up in the same space.Now, I'm a fan of absinthe. I had it in New Orleans about a year and a half ago and loved the entire process of making the drink - not to mention the drink itself. At that time, I had some fancy french stuff (not Lucid), that was $20 a glass. I was fully expecting the prices to be the same here, as most of the absinthe is imported. I was pleasantly surprised that my absinthe was only $10 a glass! I almost fell out of my chair with happiness. Not to mention, the brands were all very good and quite tasty. While I saw no green faries or anything of the sort, the effect absinthe has on me is to make me a bit more relaxed and happily contemplative. In fact, it seemed to have the same effect on my friends - and I noticed this when we all sort of fell into a quiet private dream all of a sudden after being boisterous and talking quite a bit with each other and the bartender. Not a bad effect, to be honest.As for the bar - and let me remind you, this is a bar, not a restaurant - I was very happily pleased to see that they served many old school cocktails. This is what a cocktail bar is supposed to be - no stupid jagerbombs or appletinis - real, old fashioned, well mixed and inventive cocktails. They had a great selection of liquor on hand and the bartender we were talking to was extremely friendly, personable and knowledgeable. We all had a very great time talking to him about various flavors and inventions in cocktails he'd come up with. One was a saffron liquor and lavender concoction that was heavenly - I thought it tasted like a field of flowers without being cloying. My friends and I threw around the name "the Meadow" for the drink. I did actually order a drink from him made with bacon infused vodka. I was a little tipsy and thought "Why not, IT'S BACON!". This had bacon vodka, pickled quail eggs, a little bit of the pickling juice and something else I don't remember. First sip: Ok, that's...different. Second thru fourth: Hey, that's not bad at all! Fifth until the end: Oh god, it's almost like drinking bacon grease in a glass, without the heavy. I couldn't finish it. Now, let me specify, he was just passing the bacon infused bottle around, *I* asked him to come up with something off menu, so the fact that the drink was weird was not anything against him, and besides, now I can say I drank bacon infused vodka. (and never again) Would have been great in a bloody mary.All of the other drinks were fantastic, including the one I had that was called the Mexican (something). It was basically Green and Yellow Chartreuse, lemon juice, chambord, and champange. It was amazingly good!The food was fine. I had the pate plate, it was very large and full of meats and cheeses (blue cheese, pork confit, salmon pate, prosciutto, sweet black cherries and gerkins) enough for an entree really. The blue cheese wasn't too pungent, either, and I usually hate blue cheese. Maybe a little more of the toasted bread was needed, as I ran out and had a ton of cheese left. I was able to try my friend's buffalo frog legs which were very good, and had I not known they were frogs, i would have thought they were actually chicken. First time eating frog!The only negative was the annoying bands bleeding over from Cedar Street, it ruined the ambiance.So, to tally:Absinthe prepared the way it should - dripping water, sugar cubes, NO MATCH TO THE CUBE, and good selection of Absinthe.Delicious old fashioned cocktails and wonderful new ones, without the trendy crap.Bacon vodka = BAD. Just don't go there. I could smell it, still after i woke up, even though I had a bourbon on the rocks to cleanse. But might not be so bad in a bloody mary or other similar heavy drink.Frog Legs!Food - Good for light fare. This is a place for drinking, guys, not for eating.All in all, I will be going back as often as I can. This place is great, and I'd love to go back and dress up all Mad Men style and have a nice little cocktail hour.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,11/22/2008,724,628,22,25,30>You find yourself in the same old ruts...visiting the same restaurants day after day, week after week, eating the same dishes and experiencing the familiar flavors.  There's nothing wrong with them - they are just what they have always been - but you find yourself dreaming of someplace new, someplace that will lift you out of your midlife restaurant crisis and stoke the fires that used to burn so brightly in your foodie soul.  And then you meet Olivia.Your first experience of her is her lovely form, architectural beauty that she is.  You wonder if you really are so shallow that you are getting a flutter in your stomach from the moment you lay eyes on her.  You tell yourself it's a fleeting crush; your experience tells you that peeling back the layers always reveals a flaw or two, sometimes even a festering spot of decay.But then...you dip your toes in the water.  Perhaps you sample the beef carpaccio...express your surprise over the large size of the portion...savor the way the flavors of the perfectly seasoned raw beef combine with the incredibly fresh arugula.*  Or maybe you sample the charcuterie plate, marveling over the way the fromage de tete and duck mousseline melt seductively upon your tongue.  Or perhaps you get adventurous and try the lamb's tongue fricassee, finding yourself first intrigued, then delighted, then profoundly moved by the wonderful textures and flavors that greet you, the way the succulent sweetness of the apricot mustarda with yaupon honey blends perfectly with the warm richness of the lamb.  You are quickly becoming hooked.  You sample some entrees:  ravioli stuffed with ricotta in brown butter sauce.  Roast chicken.  Chilean sea bass.  And, to your amazement, Olivia continues to deliver.  You feel yourself being swept off your feet.  You can't help it; you find yourself feeling that sort of wide-eyed devotion to her that you hadn't experienced since high school.Perhaps you eventually learn that she isn't perfect.  Perhaps one time when you visit her, your server is a bit forgetful, and happens to describe a couple of the menu items to you twice - and the fish is flown in from a different city each time she describes it.**  Or perhaps you order the cheese plate, and aren't overwhelmed by the selection of cheeses or the rather oddly powdery nature of the flatbread.  Or maybe, just maybe, you try the apple basque cake, and think it strange that it seems rather salty, lemony, and gingery, but not very apple-y at all.  But it is too late.  You are already smitten.  And even as your brain is telling you not to order the apple basque cake next time, your hand is busily penning a love letter to Olivia, asking her to marry you.I urge you to court Olivia, to rediscover your passion in her embrace.  But please, don't go on the days I'm planning to be there.  Because Olivia doesn't take reservations.  She waits for no one.----*Menu changes daily, so the items described may or may not be available.**On another visit, my group was lucky enough to have Erin as our server, who was not only not forgetful, but truly one of the best servers I can remember having in a long time.  She was friendly and fun and she has a passion for wine (and a knack for describing it) and a palate for good pairings that will help you elevate your meal to new levels.  By the time we finished with our meal, everyone in our party wanted to be her friend.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/21/2008,239,180,16,6,12>Dear mojo taco blue plate with the hot hot super hot hot green sauce,Do you want to get married?Check a box:* [  ] HELLS YES * [  ] OMG TOTALLY* [  ] LET'S ELOPE RIGHT NOWLove,Your not-so-secret admirer
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,11/20/2008,136,153,12,8,9>Places "The Woodland" could be confused for in casual conversation:1.) A rehab facility2.) A location where a secret society of the five wealthiest people in the world, known as The Pentavirate, meet.3. A sketchy apartment complex where one could possibly acquire vast quantities of narcotics.Fortunately, The Woodland is none of these things. (Though I cannot be sure as I didn't tour the entire place) It's a strange little place that feels like a classy 70's swinger's basement - and I mean that in the most complimentary way possible. The ambiance is muted and interesting, and the patrons make it moreso. A sampling of folks found on this particular visit, in a roughly correct percentage basis:15% - RoT Rally out of towners being obnoxiously loud - Special note: More of you only means a higher concentration of dicks and the stench of Weekend Warriors3% - Gothic Lolita and crew - She was actually like...26...but it was still bizarre to see a girl looking like Pippi Longstockings considerably-more-evil twin and sitting nearby50% - Hipsters - nothing to be done for it. It's South Congress, where it is believed the hipster "Hive mind" lives beneath the streets and compels them to lurk about. (No, I will not use "SoCo"...this isn't F@#cking CA.)30% - Mixed bag of peeps - Nuff said.2% - Me and fine company - Chillaxin. The food is rather tasty...and they get extra points for having Big Bark on draft. There's still much more to try...we showed up a bit late so they were out of Mac N' Cheese. They are so...so very lucky I don't dock points for that. Though I should. Mos' def.The staff is excellent (from whom we encountered, anyway). Our waitress looked like an actress whose name I can never remember. Hell, it might have been her since I haven't seen her in anything recently. I'll certainly go back at some point...apparently they have fantastic pie.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2007,11/19/2008,246,167,10,10,10>The Draught House is an example of a couple of interesting Austin phenomena that I have discovered in my 8 years here in my adopted home burg.  The first is that Austinites, perhaps in the spirit of Keeping it Weird, tend to call certain things by names that are improper pronunciations.  Everybody calls it "Manchack" despite being spelled Manchaca.  Lots of people refer to this place as the Draft Horse, though there are no equine images in the sign, the pub, anywhere.  I have long chalked this up to a concerted group effort to eliminate confusion between this fine bar and everyone's favorite Austin movie experience, the Alamo Draft House.  I, however, despite being one who says "Manchack," choose in this instance to use the correct name for the Draught House, and call the Alamo, "The Alamo."  They do have different names, after all.The other Austin phenomena at play here is one of my favorites.  Austin is filled with great watering holes, rock venues, funky lounges and dive bars.  (Like you need me to tell you that, you're Yelpers after all.)  I have noticed however, that folks who love the nightlife (and most likely as a result, love to boogie) have developed what I have taken to calling Social Blind Spots.  I can't tell you how many times my compadres and I have been having a conversation about this Austin landmark bar we love or that old school restaurant we can't stand, and someone in the circle says "You know, I've never been there."  Now, these aren't folks who are new to town, nor are we talking about brand new joints.  We're talking about the Continetal Club and Emo's, the San Jose and Hole in the Wall, places EVERYBODY has been to at least once.  Everybody except that one person, who has somehow developed a Social Blind Spot for that establishment.  It turns out the Draught House was one of mine.  So, after revealing this alarming fact to my circle of friends (and that's the best way to tell how large your own personal Social Blind Spot is by the way, the more of your friends who look at you like a leper, the larger your Social Blind Spot) we decided to head over and have a pint.The Draught House reminds me fondly of one of my favorite places to drink beer, pubs in the UK.  They are clearly striving to be just that, a pub.  Not an IRISH pub, which can sometimes be done so over the top as to be annoying (see: FADO), but just a pub.  It's cozy on any given day, feels bustling and packed on a Friday night with only 100 folks in the room, and has scads of great beers on tap.  I have a fondness for home brews, and these guys are doing that quite well.  Their selection is fantastic and their prices are reasonable.  Their patio, which apparently is new-ish, is great, and dog friendly.  To say that parking here is a challenge is akin to saying that Everest is "a nice little hill," but they do let you stand around in the parking lot and drink beer, so it's a trade off, really.  Overall, a nice little place, gotta get back here more often.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,11/18/2008,522,1205,9,15,13>I LOVE tapas and was so sad when I moved to Austin 8 years ago and had to leave my beloved Holas Tapas Bar behind in Dallas with nothing even close as a substitute here in Austin.So, a couple weeks ago a friend who lives near the Y in Oak Hill calls me hysterically screaming into her cell phone "There is a new f**king Tapas Bar in the HEB shopping center at the Y, get here right now.  I already called the hubby and told him I decided not to shop at HEB so he must cook for himself and that I would be out for a couple hours.   So, hurry up.'  Good thing that I got her message about 5 minutes after she left it and live less that 10 minutes away because she had already downed 2 glasses of wine at the bar and she is a light weight without food.We have been back twice since they opened the first week of June 2008 and it is still June 2008 if that says anything about how much I love this place.I have met the owner Landon who told us he buys from local Farmers and plans to use the large back room for reserved parties and live music and Flamenco dancing on Fri and Saturdays.They have a full bar with wine only from Spain and Texas.  It looks like they are trying to focus on Spain and keeping it local, supporting local farms and vineyards. Bonus stars for that alone!!I highly recommend the Suckling Pig (the outside is crispy and the inside is very tender and juicy) and the Pork Loin that is slow smoked over hardwood chips.  I will update as I explore more of the menu.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,11/17/2008,392,291,24,9,15>One of my coworkers came to work one morning with some exciting news. He had dropped his business card into the "win a free meal" bowl at La Salsa and won lunch for himself and nine coworkers. I've been around the block a couple times and I know there is no such thing as a free lunch, I know we're about to get rimmed, so I'm prepared for anything. Turns out some financial advisor is paying for our lunch and in return we listen to her spiel. And in preparation for the worst, we all come up with fake names. We order our food and start to eat. I get the gourmet chicken burrito. The tortilla is soft and the burrito is tasty. I will definitely be stopping by here more often on my lunch breaks. The financial advisor is cute, but I go completely deaf at the mention of her fiance. She talks for about five minutes before handing us a form to fill out. Ha, there is no way I'm giving out my information so I can get more junk mail and phone calls interrupting my daily dump. I bet Chuck Fillet is going to be surprised though when he gets a call about starting an IRA.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,11/16/2008,253,502,15,16,14>Oh yeah, I'll be back.Salt and pepper mixed seafood? Hello to my new lover. Good lord, I could have eaten 2 orders of that. Evidently, there are scallops in it. I would have no idea because *someone* I was with ate them all before I could realize they were there.Don't worry, that person is no longer with us.The steamed scallops and oysters with black bean sauce and jalepenos were outstanding, as was the shrimp roll and the yummy gingery sauce that went with it.The service was awesome and our waitress was super informative about all of the seafood and what they get in and how often. I'll be back to try the razor clam for sure. The atmosphere is lacking, and it is pretty pricey ($30/person for Chinese food? Wow.), but the food speaks for itself. It's easy to see why this is one of the favorite haunts of chefs in Austin. It's open until 1AM on weekends too!Bring an honest friend who won't eat all your scallops and you'll be really happy!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,11/15/2008,19,84,4,5,5>We stop by here at least once a month b/c we can walk there and well worth the walk.  The decor inside is spectacular and even more lovely during the holidays.  The half lime/mango margarita is really yummy and the salmon tostadas pretty tasty as well.  We have been for dinner and happy hour and happy hour is the time to go to enjoy the atmosphere and the drinks for sure.We have always had good service here, but I think I'll stick to happy hour.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,11/14/2008,120,116,3,15,15>I treated myself to a spa package here yesterday and it was fantastic! The setup: I'm a lawyer.  I work long hours.  I've been working particularly long hours for the past two weeks.  Like 15 hours a day.  My back has been hurting me.  So, I scheduled myself for spa day.  Also, it is important to note that this is my first massage, facial and manicure EVER.  Go figure.The day: I signed up for a Mini Retreat, which includes a 45 minute Urban Retreat massage, a mini facial and a mini manicure with paraffin dip.  For the massage, I had Mandy.  She was terrific.  I'm a pretty slight person, so I was afraid that whoever did my massage would hurt me.  She did it perfectly: not too hard and not too light.  She kneaded out all the knots that had accumulated in the back of my neck and my lower back.  She didn't start off as chatty, but after I started chatting, she joined in.  I think maybe they have the default of not talking until the client initiates.  I appreciated that.  I told her that I feared becoming addicted to spa treatments.  She gave me one tip: before you do a treatment, ask to smell whatever oils or lotions they're going to use on you.  Totally makes sense, right? You don't want to smell like something you dislike all day.  Thanks, Mandy!For my facial, I had Shelly.  She was really great.  She wasn't chatty, but since I had informed her that it was my first facial, she would tell me what she was glopping onto my face at each step.  There was some yummy cranberry stuff and another thing that felt like a glaze that smelled wonderfully like cucumber.  She put a mask on that made my face tingly for an hour.  I was pleased to see that my skin was glowing when I walked out.  I also had a manicure with Jazmin.  She was terrific! Great energy.  Wonderful to talk to while having my nails done.  She took her time to do everything.  My nails were all shiny and coral when she was done.  I was ready for the beach.  Or Town Lake.Another thing that I really appreciated about this place is that I did not feel like anyone was pushing products on me.  I really hate that.  I know it's a part of their job and everything, but that would make me not want to come back.Lastly, the facilities are amazing.  Low lighting, cucumber water (or grapefruit, if you prefer) to drink, clean cushy locker room.  However, I would love it if they had smaller robes.  I felt like a kid wearing my dad's robes or something.  It's really dangerous that this place is so close to my office.  I'm looking forward to going back!
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2008,11/13/2008,4,11,1,14,13>I definitely recommend paying a visit to Austin Zoo... if you like something a little bit different. Me? I LOVE Austin Zoo!For those that don't know, it's not really a zoo compared to the more commercial ones you'll see in larger cities, but more of an animal sanctuary (it's a non-profit organization that gets no funding from the City of Austin) that houses predominantly rescued animals and ex-pets. For example, a lot of the monkeys are ex-laboratory test animals, some of the big cats have been rescued from drug dealers, roadside "zoos", and such... and one of their bears is an ex-Baylor bear!It's one of my favorite places to visit in Austin, we usually go 2-3 times a year, and it has great sentimental value to me as my wife and I went there on our second date, and I proposed to her (no, no on the second date!) in front of the jaguars and wolves with a beautiful view of the Hill Country.I think it's amazing what they've been able to do with the shoestring budget that they have, and it definitely gives you food for thought as you walk around, see where these animals have come from, and what some of them have had to endure.Thank-you Austin Zoo, for providing these animals with sanctuary when they need it most.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,11/11/2008,45,24,4,13,11>Cute Vietnamese sandwiches served from my favorite form of transportation. These ladies serve up some tasty sandwiches including a tofu Lemongrass sandwich - good & cheap - plus, plus. And... avocado smoothie.. hmm.. it was good - tasted like avocado all smoothed up. Interesting..  Not sure if I'd order it again - I love avocados but this may be too thick for me. Suggest you try though if you like avo. I'm anxious to try more of their fresh smoothies cuz a sanwich, fresh refreshin' smoothie, cozy tree = good times. All in all - its fresh food out of super clean trailer. The lady - I'm assuming an owner came out to have a long convo with me & chubs  about her place - and offered us  some spring rolls. She was super cute and that is a quality I give high praise for. Like a good Austinite I love the locals .. will be back.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,11/10/2008,29,45,3,8,8>For the most part, Upper Crust is a big, capable cafe/bakery that somehow appeals to upscale and cheapskate clients at the same time. You can get a fancy expensive coffee concoction, or bring your own cup and save $ on the blend of the day. You can buy one of the special artisan breads, or get a 1/2 price loaf (still quality) on the "day-old" rack. You can get a big, tasty, healthy sandwich made with good ingredients, or just order the "lunch special". The special is a well-rounded meal of 1/2 sandwich, amazing cheese soup, chips and salsa, bread and butter, and a yummy cookie.My favorite things here are the cinnamon rolls, oatmeal muffins, and spinach ricotta rounds. The aforementioned cheese soup is something I have tried to mimic in my own home with varying success, but Upper Crust's version is an interesting, very well executed take on something that, at any other place, would probably be just milk+Velveeta.The staff here is rather friendly, especially the morning folks. They're good at remembering who you are. I only tip every second or third trip, and they don't make me feel lousy about it.Just a couple of complaints...I ordered a 16oz. hot cocoa and I received a cup with 8oz. cocoa and 8 oz. froth. Sorry...cocoa isn't cappucino or latte to me, and I didn't appreciate being ripped off like this. I also wish they had bagels. Otherwise, the place could use a little spackle and paint.I still consider this my primary (work) neighborhood coffee shop. It's way more accesible to more people than the snootier Russell's nearby.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2008,11/9/2008,178,69,31,24,24>No one loves breakfast like I love breakfast.  I challenge you to love it more!  *slaps you with a glove*  Very well, then.  A duel with the breakfast authority it is.  I champion Cisco's bakery, king of migas and biscuits, eastside.  The legend of their biscuits has been sung far and wide.  Topped with the fake liquid butter and honey offerings on the tables, they are incomparable.  All other biscuits -  snake oil, fakery and jest.  They. Make. Me. LAUGH.  hah-ha!A steaming mound of migas, perfectly cooked and spic'd, will revive you from your Friday and/or Saturday night revelry and carousal.  Your bacchanal will be, quite literally, sopped up from your stomach by the tortillas.  And if you're feeling ambitious, you may choose to use the extra tortillas to make miga tacos with your side of beans and rice.  Your coffee here, black like the forest, and there will be no Splenda or Stevia on your table.  Your waitress or waiter, cheerful and attentive.  Your bill, a pittance - especially in comparison to other breakfast taverns in town.  The ambiance, authentic as only a Mexican-American cafe caught in a 1950's - 1970's time warp can be.    So my tale ends, fellow breakfast-lovers. I shall see you on the battlefield at dawn.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,11/8/2008,62,40,2,11,9>Oh. my. god!  Bountiful = crazy delicious!  From the amazingly naughty fried green tomato and bacon sandwich to the cupcakes and dream bars, you really can't go wrong here.  Just close your eyes and point to something on the menu and you'll be absolutely elated with your meal.  Plus, they have a take-home section where you can buy entrees to heat up at your convenience, so you could totally stock your fridge!    Someone ordered lunch from Bountiful for our office and I think that it was the best meal we've ever had catered to us!  The king ranch chicken casserole was out of this world and the salsa got rave reviews from everyone in the office!  (It is made in house, by the way.)  So, the super tasty lunch in addition to a very professional and punctual caterer made for a superb lunch, indeed!
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,11/7/2008,21,20,9,14,11>I've been noticing a strange trend in Austin food lately - big taste coming out of little trailers.One of these little trailers, Giovanni's, has popped up on the corner of S. Lamar and Manchaca in the gas station parking lot.Julio, with his wife in the kitchen, is an Italian Food Ninja.Like the previous reviewer, I can't seem to stray too far from the Chicken Pasta Arribiata. It's that good.Another thing to try though, are Julio's soups. I'm not sure if there is a schedule to what he makes when, but I usually sample whatever he's got in the pot when I go get my food and it's always super yummy.Atmosphere is what I'd describe as, well, "trailer in a gas station parking lot." Julio has tried to make the area dine-able by putting bar stools outside the trailer window and a table under a tent, but I prefer to pick up and go. From what I can tell by my frequent visits and lack of a wait time for table space, most other people feel the same way.Don't let this deter you though. The food is top notch. Pull on in, grab a slice and enjoy!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,11/6/2008,188,425,13,11,11>i really dig the clothes at service.  my favorite thing is to watch the mister play fashion show... even though i know the sales guys are watching his hiney too.  the reason i like service is the t-shirts.  all my male friends shop here so it is amusing to see them all out with the same RCVA shirt.  they sit around and talk about the latest additions and whose t-shirt looks cooler.  even though some may frown at the price of a shirt, they are 100% worth it.  i have been washing the mister's shirts for years and they don't shrink or tear.  ok, the REAL reason i like the tees are because the smalls will fit me.  there i said it.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,11/5/2008,49,59,10,11,14>If I were into conspiracy theories, I would suspect that Red Bud is not a naturally occurring island, but an artificial land-mass built by a secret cabal of dogs. Everything is a little too perfect. Hmm. It's a benevolent cabal, though: Red Bud is the only dog park with water deep and uncontaminated enough (north side) to join your dog in the water.The south side of the island is a great place to throw tennis balls for your fetch-crazy dog. Right off the parking lot, there's a dustbowl for dogs to meet, greet and lift a leg.The downsides to this park: there's no place for *me* to lift a leg! I would love to get a cup of coffee at Mozart's to sip while my pack lives it up, but since there are no public toilets on, or near the island, I must refrain.And the north side of the island has a strong-running current. If you go after the rain, or while they're letting the dam out, it just isn't safe.Red Bud Isle holds another attraction for me: I'm forever running out of tennis balls, and constantly have to buy more. Sometimes, when I'm rowing on Town Lake, close to the island, I make a game of manouvering my shell and picking up the stray balls that are floating away. It's great practice in steering and balance, and it ensures that I always have a few extra toys rolling around in the trunk of my car.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,11/4/2008,53,40,15,8,10>Oh Rudy's, how you make me crave you morning, day and, night.  Sweet sweet spicy sauce smothering tender cuts of brisket!  There is no need for plates or utensils here...why bother when you have your fingers and endless sheets of butcher paper and slices of white bread to soak up the flavor! I know some may not like Rudy's BBQ just like some parent's say they don't have a favorite child.  But if I had a child, Rudy's would be my favorite....even if Rudy's wasn't on the honor roll and had a habit of eating paste.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,11/3/2008,6,5,10,5,8>If we lived in a more tolerant, progressive state, I would marry Chuy's.  Chuy's is that restaurant that you started hanging out with as friends, enjoying their fried green chile Banditos, chowing down on their delicious fajitas, just having a good time.  Then, one day, you and that restaurant are tickling each other playfully and you gaze into each other's eyes for the first time, it seems, and you're swept away in a passion of Baja Shrimp Tacos with Creamy Jalapeno Sauce and Chuychangas.  Soon, you're trying stuff you've never tried before, never DREAMED you'd try, like the Big as Yo' Face Burrito.  You finally know you've found the one when you've tasted the Deluxe Chicken Enchiladas and your knees buckle.  Not everything at Chuy's is perfection.  Their silverware is wrapped in silly "prayer paper."  And while their Fresca salsa is delicious, they'll often serve a terrible tomato paste salsa alongside it.  I've yet to meet anyone who likes this salsa.  I, however, love it as the a miniscule imperfection akin to the mole on Marilyn Monroe's face.  It's these tiny flaws that we sometimes end up loving most of all.Now, I've heard some people say that they don't "think Chuy's is all that great" or they've "never seen the big deal about Chuy's."  I don't trust these people.  People that find things that are incredibly delicious to be mediocre must have a severe personality disorder.  Seriously, don't be surprised to wake up and find one of these people standing over you with a knife, or worse, recommending El Mercado for dinner.Oh, Chuy's, maybe one day when all the hatred and bigotry is eclipsed by love and understanding, you and I can be together.  We'll swim in rivers of Creamy Jalapeno and roll in fields of your perfectly crispy homemade tortilla chips.  Until then, I don't need a piece of paper to tell me that you're the one for me.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,11/2/2008,476,262,27,24,24>As the last century was winding down and everyone was FREAKING OUT about Y2K and the end of the world, I was arduously searching for a home to buy in Austin.  It had to be under 200 K, have SOME architecturally redeeming quality, great light, at least one large tree and a yard, walkable/bikeable to Town Lake and at least one cafe, and IT HAD TO HAVE A VIEW. Oh, and east facing windows in the bedroom(s).  My realtor had been working with me for 4 years on this little proyecto and thought I was very very picky and did not mince words with me. She thought that I should get a condo so I would not have to mow the lawn. She thought I should get a NEW place with NEW wiring, plumbing, and NO FOUNDATION ISSUES. She had been a realtor for 30 years and said I was her toughest client.  She had a lot of opinions about where I should live and how I should live. SOME NERVE. One day she calls me and says there is a house on Kinney Avenue that fits most of my criteria. We go to the house and the owner shows it to us, which can be majorly AWKWARD but this woman was cool and she had a sweet dog. She offered us tea. Nice front porch. Lots of saturated colors on the interior. What the hell does all of this have to do with Mars?  It was the owner's house and this entire saga tumbled into my head last night as I grabbed a card and saw her name.  Is she here?  My Sweetie and I sat out on the wood deck and people-watched for about an hour.  The Lone Star Rod and Custom Round Up was happening during our visit and South Congress was PUMPING last night.  Pumping with pimped rides.  People watching  extraordinaire - just sit out on the deck, have a happy hour drink and the wild ones will COME TO YOU.  You like Betty Page?  There are about 15 Betty Pages walking around in pin-up outfits just waiting to hear how much you LIKE Betty Page. Mars truly felt like Outer Space.  BRING YOUR CAMERA!HAPPY HOUR ROCKS AT MARS!  M-F 3-7 and Saturday and Sunday 3-5.  Featured drinks are from mars (not of this world) and yes, THEY INCLUDE ALCOHOL! My Sweetie had some sipping Tequila and I had the Lemongrass Ginger Cosmo and it started the entire night off on the right foot. Then the left foot. Then I was walking.  We shared the Hummus and Baba Ganough with fresh and warm naan AND the Tuna Tataki with ginger syrup and black sesame dust.  The Tuna melted in my mouth and the faint sweetness of ginger syrup with the sesame dust was NOT ENOUGH.  I could have ordered 5 more of that Tuna Tataki app.  OUT OF THIS WORLD meltinyourmouthYUM.  Happy Hour prices ranged from $1.50 to $9.00 for apps.  Mars is the new black. Black and red that is... still the saturated colors but in an upscale way. And yes, Allison, I love the gold 1" tile in the women's room.  Nice touch.  (Good effin riddance to the old location I say. These SOCO SHENANIGANS would never be possible on that little side street.)  Lori, the owner, says she recognizes me and I tell her that I am a famous food critic for Saveur magazine and congratulate her on her first year in South Congress.  Then I ask about her dog... and then her house on Kinney... and then she realizes why she recognizes me. Wasn't your realtor your mom? She says she moved to a home off of Treadwell and I say one of my projects is being built on Treadwell, as a matter of fact, my client PHOTOGRAPHS food ... maybe she would like to meet a famous food photographer for Saveur magazine?  Oh, ye of the saturated color persuasion, we will all meet again!My mom and I still laugh about how I ended up with the house that was not for sale on the hill that overlooks downtown Austin and, for a woman who often calls me by my sisters's "K" names and who can sometimes be forgetful, she has NEVER LET ME FORGET ONE OF THOSE FRICKING HOUSES THAT WE VISITED IN THOSE 4 YEARS. Seriously, if we are hanging out and we pass one of those (hundredsof) homes in Austin, she ALWAYS says, "Remember that house had a hot tub in back and lots of foundation problems on the west side ... wonder what they did with that?"  Or, "Remember how they renovated that house and created more flow problems than they started with and ... the toilet, was. so. dirty." Or, "Remember that cute house on Kinney with the bright yellow paint in the kitchen and the masks everywhere...didn't she own a restaurant downtown?"  HUGS TO MOM!
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,10/31/2008,30,61,9,12,9>Apparently, someone's been reading because they cut way back on the fry seasoning.  It's a little disconcerting to have three people shout out at you when you come in the door and the place is empty (after work), but I understand that that's The Way Things Are Done.  Like the cashiers at HEB who have to ask the folks with a cart load of Lean Cusines if they'd like to buy a chocolate bar and the grumpy old man if he'd like to buy some body wash.  But I digress.The burger was very good. It wasn't what I intended, but that was just as much my own fault as the cashiers.  I do have a couple of suggestions: turn the music down a little when the place is mostly empty.  It echoes and makes it hard to understand what people are saying.  Which is directly related to the next thing.  Part of working a register is being understood. If speaking clearly is a problem, you have to compensate by speaking slower and louder.  I'm not griping; I'm just saying.  It was pretty clear to me that he was training.  Consider this feedback from someone with a long history of working with the public.For the record, mustard and buffalo sauce are a very interesting combination.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,10/30/2008,315,273,15,19,16>I was going to refrain from writing my review since I only drank here, but I cannot wait to say what I have to say about this place.This place ROCKS for the room with the screen projector and flat screen.  As a lot of you observed, Justin B. (which apparently stands for Bada$$)  held a Pizza, Beer, and a Movie event this week.  If you were aware of this you are undoubtedly also aware that I have Tourette's Syndrome and the way it manifests itself is me incessantly quoting "Pulp Fiction".Anyway, this restaurant was absolutely awesome for this event.  It was cozy and just downright homey.  I felt like I was hanging out with family the other night, and it's the first time I've felt that way since moving here.  Awwwww!!!  Yeah, I know. The waitress whose name escapes me (she had sexy-awesome red heels on) was fantastic.  I ordered one particular beer and she informed me of another that was 1/2 price (greatness).  She was attentive to all of us and just cool as hell.I did not have the pizza,  I did touch it as I was closer to it than others eating, but not having ingested it I cannot vouch for the taste.  I will vouch for the smell (yummy).  The cheesiness (stringy -- score!!!)  I will definitely partake next time. Another item that bares mentioning.  The Ladies room was fit for a lady.  Meaning it was clean and didn't make you feel you were running the risk of catching something.  That's big in my book.  I detest using public restrooms if I can avoid it.  Yeah, I know.  TMI, but still aren't you glad to know, Ladies?
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,10/29/2008,238,365,9,10,11>Last time I went, I got the apple fritter, blueberry cake, bavarian cream, and lemon filled donuts.  The owner was kind enough to throw in a glazed donut and donut holes, and he added a chocolate cake donut after he caught me visually devouring them. How nice of him!My favorite of the bunch was the apple fritter, but the blueberry cake donut came in a close second. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try the bavarian cream or lemon-filled... they magically disappeared before I could sneak a bite... But, I've heard that they are quite delicious. Anyway, I think if you're ever in the 51st/Airport area, and you have a hankering for some fried sweet goodness, stop by Mrs. Johnson's. It's worth the trip!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,10/28/2008,25,19,7,13,8>Full disclaimer: my husband works here. BUT this means I am here A LOT. Like, every week at least twice. Meaning, my review should carry more weight than most. But I am not here for a mere review, my friends. Why would I be? There are already 130-something written. Why would you pay attention to mine? No, rather, you should read the nuggets of Whole Foods wisdom that I have to share and use them as a guide for your next Whole Foods Experience.1) The seafood department here is the best in Austin. They will even shell your shrimp for you! You can ask them for a fresh filet and they will season and steam it for you. Then take it right over to the "seafood island" and order 2 sides for $4.99 to go with it. Yum.2) They have juice shots for $1 at the juice bar. 3) The nut roaster by the flowers has some really awesome nuts. Chile lime cashews, maple galzed almonds. Wow.4) The produce guys will sample out any of those curious looking fruits you've never tried before.5) Uh, hello free wine tastings? Check the calendar. 6) The new anitpasti bar is amazing. My perfect dinner: some roasted tomatoes and olives + fresh ciabatta from the bakery+ some good peccorino from the cheese case.7) Breakfast tacos are great, but lines form early. They start at $.99!8) Park in the covered parking, for god's sake. Why do people drive around waiting for a spot up top when it's all the same anyway? Covered parking keeps your car cooler, silly. It's summer. Geez.9) The individual desserts. Tres leches cake.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,10/27/2008,14,15,6,16,13>This place is real good for authentic Gujarati/North Indian Food.One can expect the kind of food you will find at home. And it is completely healthy and simple, pure food.Place is little crowded sometimes, else very peaceful place. Staff is good supportive, and for a meal they charge u $6.48, which is pretty decent to the food quality they offer. I would recommend this to all, if one wants to taste authentic home food of India, rely on it WHEN AN INDIAN SAYS THAT :)
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2008,10/26/2008,27,17,34,10,21>(Review written from the perspective of a diner in the next booth over)Since my wife had our son a few months ago, we've been pretty much sequestered to our house.  Not content to spend another night choking down strained peas and applesauce, we put our faith in a babysitter and headed to Ranch 616 for our first night of freedom.Even though it was prime time on Friday night, in less than fifteen minutes, we were scooting into a roomy booth against the back wall.  The decor was a cool hodgepodge of modern, Western and 50s diner.  Our server was quick and attentive; it almost felt like we were his only table.  He delivered our champagne on ice, and we eagerly awaited the arrival of their famous fried oysters to really kick the romance into high gear.Just as I was about to make a joke about baby #2 being an inevitability with all the aphrodisiacs on the table, a coven of obnoxious girls burst through the door squawking and squealing like spray-tanned pigs on the Titanic.  And guess where the hostess seated them?  At the booth next to ours, of course.  At this point our 'special night' turned into a complete horror show.Without hesitation, they ordered a round of complicated, neon drinks, but ended up sloshing most of their cocktails on the table when they attempted a toast to "Gettin' lucky tonight."  Like driving under a bridge during a torrential rain, that first group gulp created a sudden peace in the restaurant, but soon the storm beat down on us once again."Ugh!  My Pink Taco is all watery!" exclaimed a bleary-eyed brunette."Yeah, that's what your boyfriend told me last night," countered her platinum blonde compatriot.Cackling and a chorus of "Oooh" erupted from the table.They must have been gearing up for a showing of Sex and the City because I have never heard women's problems discussed in public at such a loud volume.  I began to pray that our food would come out soon so we could woof it down and be on our way.  Moments later, our entrees appeared and they were everything we hoped they'd be:  Fresh and flavorful with well-balanced flavor profiles.  And, lest we think it was a fluke, we also got a play-by-play review of the cuisine by our neighbors."OMG, you guys!  The Escolar is daaaaaaaa bomb.  I'm going to hire someone to sesame-encrust everything I eat from this day forward.""Y'all, would it be bad manners to chug this cup of ceviche?  I think there's booze in it.""This fried asparagus is worth funny-smelling pee."We were mortified.  I looked at my wife, grabbed her hand, told her a million times that I love her and thanked my lucky stars to have found the last good girl on the face of the earth.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,10/25/2008,212,150,20,15,16>What can you say about a place with a video of go-carts, motorcycle races, family tropical holidays, European vacations and underwater footage shown behind friends singing their guts out for you?What? You want a mattress in the room? You got it. Need some reading glasses while you're laying down? Check.The little private karaoke rooms off the main hallway were really creepy. That's what I thought until throngs of Asian twentysomethings poured in and used them for singing and drinking. Who's creepy now? Guilty as charged.Dammit if I can't wait to go back. New Seoul Karaoke, I'm Seoul-ed on you!
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,10/24/2008,14,76,2,9,5>I'm on the shorter side (5'5) and these days, it seems that most women's pants are made for Amazons with 37" inseams. So obviously, I need my pants hemmed for those times I am not going to wear 7" heels. Ace is definitely the place to go. They can re-attach the original hem on your jeans which is fabulous. They have a decent turn around time and excellent customer service.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2008,10/23/2008,209,219,9,10,8>I have to completely disagree with everyone about how this place looks,  a forced Italian facade in the middle of Texas just looks ridiculous.  The roll-out turf was dead, along with all their other plants.  While in texas one should grow Texan plants, or at least adequately water non-native flora and fauna.I didn't eat here, I came strictly for the wine and the buzz.  The whites here are pretty weak.  The reds however are much stronger.  On the day I visited Mandola Estate I also visited 4 other local wineries and I think Mandola's red wine (in particular the 2005 Syrah) was by far better than any other reds I tried in the same price range.Our wine-taster-helper-person was about as helpful as talking to a brick wall, but she was blond and pretty, so more like a new brick wall.Bottles run about 16 bucks, which is a little high.  You could easily find a just-as-good Italian wine for less, but then it wouldn't be from Texas, right kids?
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2008,10/22/2008,131,37,8,7,8>OK... OK, I hear you asking how one of the most expensive restaurants in Austin can be a value?  Easy, amigos- check out their bar menu at happy where all the items are half price.  If the prospect of paying $6 for their famous green chile pork stew with fresh tortillas, $8 for the "huge ass" burger that 2 people can barely finish (plus fries), or $5 for a delicious salad doesn't sound like a value then you, kind stranger, are a skinflint with no tastebuds.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,10/21/2008,14,239,4,9,5>This is a real classic neighborhood barber shop for men. What you get here is a basic hair cut and neck shave with a razor.  They also trim your eyebrows if you like. A haircut will run you $18.There are 4 ladies who work here and I highly recommend that you make an appointment. The place is pretty busy on most days.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,10/20/2008,132,165,6,5,7>Went again last weekend, and it's as good as I remembered. But... if you get several appetizers, save the foie gras for last, it makes the others pale by comparison...I do have to ding the chocolate things they give you with your check... I thought the spices were excessive, they hid the chocolate flavor rather than complementing it.Original from 3/08:The first I'd heard of this place was when I read about the foie gras protests. Since I love foie gras, I went just to try it out, not expecting much, but the food was delicious! I'm surprised it's not on the top 10 lists, it's certainly on a par with places like Zoot and Wink.There were protestors outside, but I didn't realize they were protestors until dessert, they were just sitting around outside.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,10/18/2008,368,209,8,13,13>Doing a good deed has never been so easy! They show up where I work, ask me some questions about my travel habits and sex life, take some blood while I watch reruns of "The Office", and offer all the snacks I want. My blood goes to a new home and another life saved. Bam!
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,10/17/2008,5,19,3,8,10>***THIS IS AN AMMENDMENT***Let's talk a bit about customer appreciation a bit.  I know that I've talked a bit about this before (Longhorn Glass) but I have to get this out there.....I really appreciate what these people do.  I worked in the restraunt business and the lack of customer appreciation from the time I left to now amazes me.  Primizie is a giant exception to the last sentance.  They have been very grateful for my comments and business.  In a time when businesses have forgotten just who it is that pays their bills, Primizie goes out of their way to let you know that you are appreciated.  I just want to thank them for bringing back my confidence in man, mainly the business owner.  THANKS PRIMIZIE!**THIS IS THE ORIGINAL COMMENT**Ok people, really one, two stars.  What the hell are you expecting?  This place hasn't even been open a year yet, give it some time for settling in before you yank it out!!  Look at my other review for "Primizie Osteria," without the whole long name and you will see.When I go here I tend to order from the special board.  I've had them all, and they all fail to compare to the one I had last Friday night.  It was a lamb shank sorta Osso Bucco style.  It has to be the best dish of food I have EVER had, anywhere, hands down.  The reduced sauce was a perfect complement to the meat.  The portion was generous and filling.This is one of my favorite places to eat. Hell, I got engaged here I like it so much.  They have made some improvements in the place as well.  Like the curtains to help with the acoustics.  Absolutely the best move because it no longer echos, echos, echos...The staff that has been there since the place has opened has dwindled.  I only recognize about 3 in front of the house, but the kitchen looks the same.  I love this place!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2008,10/16/2008,50,415,24,17,17>Here is how my visit to Uncommon Objects went:"Woah.... check this out!"....."Hey look at this"..... "This would totally look great in our house".Each time I picked something up in this store it was followed by:"115 dollars?!?!"..... "30 bucks for this old thing"...... "woah, 75 bucks?!?"This is easily the most expensive Antique store I've ever been into. Do they have cool stuff? Yes. Is it way overpriced? Definitely, yes. You're paying a lot because it's on South Congress. If you really want some Antiques head out of town. There are better Antique stores... they'll just require a lot more digging. If I went onto Antiques Road Show (personal dream #115) with anything in this store here's how it would go down:"I paid 100 dollars for this in an Antique store in Austin I'm pretty sure it's worth thousands"Then one of those creepy blond twin guys would tell me all sorts of information about my antique.... they would flip it over to reveal some hidden label, talk to me about the origin, etc.... but in the end that little blue treasure chest thing would scroll across the screen and say "Worth 20-30 dollars"...... and the camera cuts to me with tears in my eyes.... and the people from Uncommon Objects are watching me on TV counting their money and laughing. That is exactly what would happen.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,10/15/2008,48,60,21,29,15>I don't tend to splurge much, except maybe for sushi and...well, sushi. But sometimes you have to loosen the ol' money belt and make a big purchase. I did so almost two years ago to get Lasik at the Austin Eye Clinic, and it was well worth the fairly hefty price.I'm so glad I had my Lasik. No, "glad" isn't strong enough. I'm delighted. It has definitely improved the quality of my life, and how often can you say that about a purchase? Sushi has never done anything for me (stupid selfish sushi). Now I can fall asleep on the couch watching another rerun of "Scrubs" without having to pry my contacts off my eyeballs when I awake. I can easily crash at a friend's house when we stay up too late chatting and drinking wine and she's way the hell up on Parmer. I don't have to wear glasses during cedar season when my eyes are too irritated for contacts. And I can see. Dr. Shannon Wong was great. He clearly knows his stuff, and he's pleasant yet efficient. And adorably, you get a Polaroid photo of you with Dr. Wong taken immediately post-surgery. Too cute. Best of all, Dr. Wong signs it for you like he's a rock star. And you know what--he IS a rock star in my book. I kept my photo on the fridge for months.Check out the Austin Eye Clinic Web site. It gives a very thorough explanation of what Lasik is--technically, I had IntraLasik--and the pricing is right there. It's very useful information if you're considering Lasik. Or just make an appointment for a consultation with Dr. Wong and let him explain it. Then you can get your own autograph 'cause I'm not sharing.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,10/14/2008,139,109,22,25,28>I'm going to rate B. D. Riley's on several points:1) The pub itself:  The pub looks nice and has a very comfortable and friendly feel to it.  Pretty good crowd for a Wednesday night, too. (1 star)2) The manager: I've corresponded electronically with Steve for quite a while, but only met him in person tonight.  He is every bit as friendly and interesting in person, and I'm glad to have finally shook his hand.  (1 star)3) The Guinness:  I had 2 pints of Guinness while there, and they were both perfect pints.  The bartenders poured them as if I had trained them myself.  (1 star)4) The staff:  I only interacted with 2 bartenders there, but they were both polite, smiled and said "may I help you", handed my change to me rather than slapping it down on the bar, and said "thank you" and smiled at me when I left a tip.  (1 star)5) The clientele: I met several new Yelp folk and saw some of the few I already knew. They were there for the trivia contest, and while I didn't play, I was impressed that it was organized such that it didn't dominate the pub; people not playing were not annoyed by the game going on. (1 star)6) Before I left, I ordered fish & chips to go.  I live 10-15 minutes away, but the food was still warm and tasty when I got home.  I spend summers on Cape Cod and the islands, and the fish & chips were as good as any I've gotten on the Cape. (1 star)Oh crap!  I've got an extra star!  Will the next person who reviews this place please add my extra star to their review (if there's room)?  Think of it as a roll-over star.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,10/13/2008,8,12,4,9,12>the regulars are crazy.  but hey, when you cant beat 'em join right?everyone becomes like family and its just a great place to chill outwhen you dont want to deal with the usual downtown BS.Bring your own bottle and start pouring!
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,10/12/2008,421,603,6,3,6>When you are being a rock star pretend emo sxsw chick, and find yourself walking all over downtown for four days straight to see music you have never heard of....then torchy's might just be for you.I had the ranch hand and beef fajita, and it quite possibly was the best taco I have ever had in my life.People were friendly, service was quick enough, I got to SIT DOWN, and I enjoyed my messy taco in all its glory.Yes, Dear torchys taco's, you are a god send to the half tipsy sxsw folk in the middle of the day, and I'm sure you are equally good the rest of the year too.I hereby proclaim torchy's tacos as my new hangover/sober up quick food.the end.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,10/11/2008,325,414,10,10,11>Blue Cotton Candy. I'm just sayin'. It's been years since I've had cotton candy of any variety. You should see the adults with this stuff. We're almost as messy as the kids.Dell Diamond is perfect for those who appreciate sports, but can sometimes get, um, bored with baseball (sorry, Uncle Darrell). I know the hard-core people just want to watch the game. They don't want the music and the cheesy games between batters.I, on the other hand, like those things. The songs that make you want to get up and dance. The cheesy games on the monitors.  Cool prizes and coupons for entire sections.It would be a fun family outing. A fun date. A fun time with friends. It's not too far from Austin.And they have Cotton Candy.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2008,10/10/2008,61,114,12,8,9>Why, why, why are those animations that they have at bowling alleys so FREAKING WEIRD? Balls lassoing pins, balls dressed as Indiana Jones, pins dressed like rock stars, pins dancing in hula outfits on a desert island...seriously, what is GOING ON? Surrealistic computer animations aside, I just love bowling alleys, though I myself am an intensely unpredictable bowler. I like to say that I am solidly mediocre, as sometimes all I can do is roll gutterballs and other times, I pick up mad spares so beautifully that those guys who come to bowl alone ask whether I'm in a league.We went to Dart Bowl for my boyfriend's father's birthday, and while the birthday boy imbibed several White Russians (yes, my darling comes from good, Big Lebowski-loving stock), he complained of their weakness a bit. But the staff let us bring a carrot cake down to the lanes, and we all had a splendid time.Full disclosure: I threw the bowling ball backwards on my first roll, and further attempts were preceded by a warning to duck. But I went on to place second in our game. All in all, Dart Bowl provides a perfectly satisfactory bowling adventure.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/9/2008,255,164,7,15,12>I'm just gonna get this outta the way right now because this aggression will not stand..        This newish store is my favorite around Austin. Right next to my work. Big enough to have everything you need, but not so big that you put off getting an item because it's all the way on the other side of the store.      It's set up in a sort of circular fashion, with their offices in the middle of it all. This can be a bit inconvenient if you need to pick up one thing on the opposite side of the offices, but it also sends you though the store in a way to remind you of stuff you need. I know they just want you to buy more, but it helps forgetful people like me that don't make grocery lists.     They have lots of Central Market-style high end foods. An *awesome* beer selection, although the wine is a bit lacking.. The produce has always been great. The bananas are always the perfect ripeness.      My favorite part? The feature that makes my day? The little express, 10-items or less checkout.  It's *right* by the door, and is usually staffed by a very nice lady. She gives me that friendly little market feel in a big ol' HEB.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,10/8/2008,184,184,31,5,12>WELCOME TO THE PALACE OF MEAT.  I will be your server today.  (Behold my formal gaucho pants.)Would you like some meat?Or perhaps some meat wrapped in a different kind of meat?How about some meat on a stick?Maybe some garlic-seared meat?What about some meat that has been made into a sausage?...Yes, I assure you that we have the hospital on speed dial.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,10/7/2008,704,840,14,27,20>I see dead people...  Yes, this really is a cemetery but it has a lot more to offer you than a final resting place.  Here you will find amazing stories about early Texans along with manicured grounds, gorgeous flowers, a lovely meandering stream and a visitor's center.  Each year, thousands of visitors come through the gates seeking information about Texas history or a confederate soldier ancestor.If you visit, here are a few examples of whom and what you will find: -2200 confederate soldiers and their spouses-Bob Bullock-Barbara Jordan-Ann Richards-Stephen F. Austin-General Albert Sidney Johnston - buried under an ornate Gothic chapel designed by Elisabet Ney-James Frank Dobie - famed Texas author and scholar-Highway 165 - shortest highway in Texas runs through the cemetery-Monument dedicated to Gold Star Mothers who have lost sons or daughters in combat-9/11 MonumentAsk the staff for a tour (free to the public) and learn about the historic Texan who was completely scalped and lived only to die years later when he bumped his head on a doorway. See the huge monument dedicated to hundreds of 14 - 18 year old Tennessee native sons who came to fight and die for Texas independence.  Soon, the visitor's center will be completely redesigned with interactive displays and flat screen televisions depicting Texas history.  Hours are strictly enforced from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. Disclaimer:  Friends work here.  They are among the living.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,10/6/2008,151,367,7,14,10>This is a much needed sanctuary in the "grown ups" part of 6th Street, where the neighborhood is dotted with flip-flop, pitcher drinkers and starched-up Goose splurgers.   Dirty Bill's offers a medium between the two, which is the kind of bar that made Austin great to begin with.  The most glaring feature is the rail-car design of the bar, which is prevalent in places like New York or Europe, but unique to Austin, making its intentions as a raucous dive-bar very much believable.  The owner, bartender, and on down to the doorguy are extremely pleasant and give off a CBGB vibe, as though Dirty Bill's is a detoured tavern on an eclipsed side street of a buzzing downtown bar district.Prices are Austin-cheap, which is a few dollars below typical big-city prices.  My favorite choice behind the bar is the newly "imported" (outside of Missouri, for clarification) Boulevard Wheat.  I'm impressed that they made this a tap-choice, which is yet another gravitational draw back to DB's.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,10/4/2008,22,17,12,11,9>Ok, so last night Lorena and I went to check this place out and I seriously had NO idea what was in store for us. Generally speaking, whenever someone suggests a new place to dine bc it's positively fabulous, you still run the chance of being disappointed bc well.....that's life. This place exceeded any and ALL expectations. My heart has always gone to Umi and any Sushi place I've tried thus far has paled in comparison (Actually....Midori is "the daaaaaankness"), but  "Umi.....um.....baby.......I don't know how to tell you this, but I met someone else and to be a blunt ASS they tickle more than just my fancy,if you're pickin' up what I'm throwin' down. You can keep the money tree.....I wish you the best."I agree with Eddie O. in my belief that some substance, probably illegal, is put in that f%$#ing food bc the things that happened to my body were borderline orgasmic and I mean that in a very literal sense. It was absolute insanity......yeah.  I can't say that I've ever tried heroin, but from what I've heard the sensation seems VERY similar to how I felt while eating a meal that can only be described as a really intense aphrodisiac. Shit, maybe they use an altered form of MDMA that hits you the moment it touches your pallet, but regardless of this mind-boggling mystery, I haven't been this in touch with my emotions in a looooooooooooong time and as usual, I caused a scene (Think "When Harry Met Sally," haha). Not a shocker......I'm very expressive.Our appetizer: Ankimo Kobachi Foie Gras of the sea (aka Monkfish liver) After the first bite, I'm pretty damn sure I saw Jesus (yet another reason why I think it's laced) and the lady to my right was simultaneously blessed with my notoriously inappropriate "Ooooo's and Ahhhh's" and that's putting it nicely, hahaha.What followed:  Unagi is pretty much the best thing that has ever happened to my face and the Ozzi II roll incorporates it wonderfully  Then, we ordered a sashimi sampler and the salmon and spicy tuna were out.....of.....control!! I have NEVER had fish this fresh EVER in my ENTIRE life. It literally melted in my mouth and the flavor was just......UUUHHHH, SON!!!! -cue the body quivers-Plus, the presentation is something else to discuss in itself. I can't say that I've seen rolls this glorious before and the way it's all set up.....it's awe-inspiring. I love seeing food as art before consumption. Honestly, who doesn't love/appreciate edible, hand-crafted garnishes??? A fool, baby, a damned fool. Hey, fellow reader......you got dinner plans??? You best get that ass to Musashino STAT! This....is....no.....joke.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,10/2/2008,324,543,10,12,9>When I want coffee, but I want to get away from my hood (Thunderbird), the hood rats (Epoch), the oppressiveness of silence (Pacha) and still stay within a couple miles of home, Flipnotics is my easiest option.There's nothing distinctly wrong with the place: It's got a good beer selection (1/2 price at happy hour, lots of bottle options), a normal coffee menu (average prices), and a food menu I haven't really explored (the everything bagel with cream cheese was all right, though). But it's a narrow space, and you can hear everyone else in the place talking if you care to listen -- the other tables of patrons were discussing which bad movie they were going to see, some details of an engineering project, and their cousin's diseases, by the way.Credit card minimum meant I had to stick around for a while (two drinks covered it), but I feel like that's getting to be the norm.Free wifi tripped me up for a minute -- you have to sign up for the service on lessnetworks.com before you can access it, among other barriers. No biggie once the engineer guys told me what was what.The lone barista working on a Wednesday afternoon was hard to understand and not very friendly, though I heard his fellow employee who came in around 6 ask him if he was feeling better, so maybe it was just an off day. A man played an electric piano (very well) and they dimmed the lights around 7. I wasn't there for the show, and I suddenly felt really out of place as the joint filled with older couples drinking house wine and beer and watching him perform. It was all very sudden, so I got up and got out. I'd been on the phone, and I felt very rude for talking over his performance. I don't know how often they have a performer, but I would not recommend going there after dark, as it seems like a regular thing, unless you're going specifically to see the music.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,9/30/2008,13,26,8,5,5>I'll go with Jaye and, uh, Karla  on this one. I too had the pimento cheese, and it was really tasty. Their fries were good, too. I thought that the sandwich was a little pricey, considering it's basically just a grilled cheese, but what are you going to do. Considering the state of the neighborhood, I guess I'm lucky it wasn't $20. There are only two tables for larger parties, so if you're coming for lunch, try to get here early. I guess this isn't my most original review ever. Sorry everybody. I'll try harder next time.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,9/29/2008,20,52,11,8,10>Mecca!!!!!(Kneeling in worship)I'm not an alcoholic, I swear, but this place is so much fun! I like to wander from isle to isle and see what new liquor I can find. As an event planner it is good to be in the know; market research!If you see a girl putting all kinds of bottles in her basket then putting them back where they came from, then putting more in the basket, then only buying one bottle, thats me. Total ADD freak out at that place.The staff is super knowledgeable too. And samples! OHhhh the samples. It is like a weekly mini wine and food festival every Saturday.The only downfall is the proximity to Grapevine Market which is an Austin run business. I almost feel bad giving Spec's my business. Spec's is from Houston. Sorrrrry Grapeviiiine. I like Spec's better.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,9/28/2008,315,239,12,17,14>Add this to the short list of places in town where mom and toddler can venture together and have a great time without being given the stink eye by all those people who forgot that they, too, were once small children.  After a ridiculously expensive shoe purchase at Sandy's next door (the only place in town able to fit my son's double wide Flintstone feet - the subject for another review), I had to reward us both with a few moments of bliss exploring Terra Toys.  Terra Toys loves kids, and loves their parents, too. To prove it, they go the extra mile to make a welcoming environment for all ages. Each section of the shop offers a play area for trying out the merchandise.  The shopping bags are paper sacks previously decorated by children. The product selection is heavy on European imports with good reputations for safety and durability, as well as featuring hard-to-find collectibles and toys that best encourage imaginative play. The bathroom provides not only a clean & sturdy changing table, but complementary eco-friendly diapers in all sizes (something that I've only seen before at Babies R Us and boutique maternity shops like Special Addition on 38th).  The Terra staff members on duty clearly enjoy their work and actually like interacting with children and families. This is a big relief for a stressed out mom whose toddler just sprinted behind the counter and to the other side of the store after screaming his head off for 5 minutes while enduring the indignity of an emergency diaper change in the bathroom at the back of the store.  A smile and an encouraging comment like, "Wow! He sure keeps you busy!" is so much more helpful than what might have been said in a less kid-centered shop.At 19 months old, my son especially enjoyed the reading room, which offers a big table with chairs and a sofa just his size. Of course, once he made his way to the vehicles section, he was mesmerized for a while by the elaborate wooden train table.  After admiring himself in the large mirror of the fitting room, he tested the ride-on toys and bouncy balls. It was a great way for me to see where his interests are going these days and to plan a gift for his upcoming birthday (or a response when the grandparents and aunts ask, "What can we bring for Big Boy?").I've given many Terra Toys gift certificates as presents for both adults and children. Universally, the recipients or their parents report back, "That is such a cool store!"Yes, the prices are higher than what you could pay online for some of the same products, but the difference is that at Terra, your dollars are supporting a great local business that employs pleasant local people and provides a wonderful place for people to be a kid again (or for the first time).Kid Genius and Toy Joy (two other Austin-original stores with similar products) are great (I shop those stores, too, whenever I'm in their neighborhoods), but neither can match Terra Toys for the breadth and magnitude of selection, much less the "it's really okay to play in here" vibe.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,9/27/2008,174,158,8,8,4>About two weeks ago I found out that I have to move to a gluten-free diet.  After my wife pulled my head out of the toilet (I was trying to drown myself and it was the closest body of water) and told me that life WAS worth living without wheat, spelt (what the h?), and other gluten heavy food lovelies, I decided to give myself some more time and experience before cashing it in.  Additionally, the idea of ending it in a toilet bowl, while perhaps fitting, didn't sound too appealing.So, for the past two weeks I've been heavily exploring the world of gluten-free living.  Not only is there a whole community of gluten strikers out there, but it turns out that there are even restaurants that specialize in gluten-free fare.  Wild Wood Art Cafe is one of them.I've known that Wild Wood was there for quite awhile, but I thought that it was for hippies and alternative herb-loving lifestylers.  Out of necessity of my new diet I decided to give it a try.  What in the world did I wait for?  This place is REALLY good.I went there for lunch today and had the pork tamale plate lunch special.  I also had their gluten-free biscuits with cheese and onion.  Fantastic.  They have breakfasts, lunches, and a bakery all dedicated on the gluten free eater.  The food was reasonably priced, good portions, and very, very tasty.  The only negative with the place is that it was so popular that I had a pretty long wait to give my order - they need to open two registers at lunchtime.  I highly recommend this place - even if you aren't trying to eat gluten-less.  The food is terrific.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,9/26/2008,271,233,15,12,11>I have stayed away from Moonshine's Breakfast Brunch for years for very good reason.  Their cappuccino bundt cake will surely make my thighs expand like a microwaved marshmallow until they explode out of my jeans.  That stuff is too good.  It is truly mouthgasm material.  Unfortunately, being downtown and conserving gas (see my hypermiing page), I was lured back to this house of delicious calories.  I suggested to the photographer, John, "Why don't we go here?"  He said he eats anything.  I said I eat everything.  That works out well for the both of us.   We pulled up and parked at a meter spot on 3rd street, and proceeded to the door.  After being in a 102 degree car for three hours, we were dying for water.  Since the place was pretty empty at 3 pm, the staff was quick and efficient.  We got our popcorn, and John orders the chicken fried steak while I order the pecan crusted catfish with mac and cheese.  I haven't had mac and cheese since I was in middle school, and I've got to say that Moonshine's mac and cheese outdoes Kraft's blue box without a doubt.  Instant mac and cheese does bring back nostalgic memories, but nothing like this.  My sister shows up to say, "Hi!", but I think she really came just to eat my food.  She proceeds to grab my fork and eats off my plate.  After 5 minutes, she's eaten everything except for a piece of carrot.  After she devours my lunch, my sister tells me that some strange man outside was heckling her for money "for the meters."  She said she ran into Moonshine to get away from him.  I did go out between the meal to add some money to our meter at 42 minutes, and I saw him.  Skinny, stinky man with a cap.  He approached.  I shot him the look I usually only reserve for unruly kids running around Wal-mart.  He backs off.  Since my sister ate all of my food, I obviously needed to order dessert.  We get the white chocolate bread pudding, and it was gigantic.  I don't usually splurge for dessert, but Houston's KPRC was paying for lunch.  The bread pudding was warm, ooey, gooey, sticky, not too sweet, and really awesome with the ice cream.  I was in heaven.  Good bye, Moonshine.  I weighed myself, and it seems that I gained 2 lbs.  I'm sorry this has to happen, but I can't see you anymore - until I lose these 2 lbs anyways.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,9/25/2008,55,196,9,4,6>LIARS!!! This place is full of stinkin' liars!There is NO WAY these cupcakes are vegan. C'mon!The red velvet was moist and covered in cream cheese frosting. The german chocolate was over-the-top rich and drowning in coconut and sticky sweet nuts.And they offer tons of other decadent treats. I refuse to believe there is no milk, butter, cream or cheese in any of these dishes. The jig is up, Dhaba Joy. You've been busted!Case closed.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,9/24/2008,17,24,,16,13>Helping Hand Home for Children is a residential treatment center for kids under 12 who are with physically or/and sexually abused history and thus removed from their families. At the Home, they receive medical treatment, psychotherapy, and social learning treatment. Ultimately the goal is for them to regain the basic trusts that were devastated by the neglectful or abusive behaviors they experienced at a young age and to find them a better environment at foster homes.I was interning as a camp counselor at the Camp Discovery which they held annually in summers. It was a fun and therapeutical summer program for kids at HHH who don't get to spend weeks at summer camps or go travel with their families. We had cultural exchange programs. We invited groups from the community to interact with the kids. We had arts & crafts and numerous outdoor activities. The kids there usually suffer from emotional and/or behavioral disorders. But throughout the two months, I had so much fun and I saw so much improvement from them. After the internship ended, I started to volunteer there weekly because it's just impossible to not to care for them once you get to know each kid. Furthermore, they are really happy that volunteers come to spend time with them!Right now, I believe they would like more volunteers as homework helpers and bedtime readers. Please visit their website at helpinghandhome.org for more info if you're interested and are willing to make long term commitment to the kids.Believe me, it's a very rewarding and life changing experience volunteering at HHH. The kids there have so much potential.  I really hope that they get to overcome their past and move on as healthy and wholesome individuals. And you, yes, YOU can help by sharing an hour a week with them! :)
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,9/23/2008,94,126,27,8,10>"OK, order of nachos here.""Uh, we ordered a small.""This IS the small.""Dude, that's bigger than my f***ing head.""Seriously, that's a small order.""How big is a large?""TWICE as big as your f***ing head."
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2008,9/22/2008,155,339,8,42,17>I studied with a teacher and attended Sunday meditation for several months at the Shambhala Center. I also attended a weekend-long meditation workshop.I have mixed feelings about Shambhala. The practice of meditation itself is very helpful, and a good way to become aware of your inner yammering. This particular practice puts a lot of emphasis on mental discipline. Sitting on my ass for 2.5 days straight at the retreat I attended was alternately painful, infuriating, and enlightening. In general, I can hang with the basic teachings of Shambhala as they apply to meditation technique.The center itself is nice, the teachers are helpful, and the main shrine is really pretty and serene. The zafus are a little wacky if you're not used to a cube zafu, I'd bring my round one and use that.Ultimately, I wasn't able to hang with Shambhala for the long haul. The founder of the sect was fairly famous for not being very ethical. I have a big problem with abuse of power, and was not satisfied with how the community leaders rationalized it when I inquired about it.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,9/21/2008,283,172,7,9,7>This place is kind of like a study tomb.  There are two main rooms separated by long hallways.  The back room is deathly quiet, has no windows and is always packed.  They play some oddball music in here.  There will be days where they'll play Big Star and Morrissey (which I like) but when they hit random on the Ipod you end up hearing tons of random Rolling Stones songs as well as cheesy fifties pop, classical and blues.  Its all over the place.The coffee is ok and they have several varieties.  Their ice tea is good.  I highly recommend trying the cranberry nut bread.  Its from Upper Crust bakery and tastes amazing!   The lighting is good or bad depending what table you're at.  The one I'm at now has shit lighting and a view of the ugliest painting ever (the one with the three people drinking coffee and frowning).  I wish I could buy it just to throw it away.  They also have a well lit deck and beer. Its a nice place.  I heard it got its name because it used to be on the flightpath to the old airport.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,9/20/2008,458,426,7,6,7>I lost my Torchy's virginity today. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but I was REALLY craving crispy tacos for some reason, so I stopped by on my way home from Bouldin Creek Coffeehouse.As it was around 4 p.m. on a Monday, I didn't deal with the long lines that other reviewers experienced. All I can say about that is, if you do something when everyone else always does it, you can expect the hassle of being part of a herd. It's like being a part of rush-hour traffic; you chose to be a lemming, so buck up and don't complain.Anyway, I was miffed to discover they don't have crispy-shell tacos, but the guys working there were super-nice, so I got over it. I asked the counter guy to pick a couple of tacos for me. He suggested the green chili/pulled pork taco and the "taco of the month," which featured a ball of fried stuff doused in queso.Can't say much except that they came quickly and they were awesome. And reasonably priced (a little over seven bucks). The small outdoor seating area is nice; I'd like to come back when they're having live music. The music was generic classic rock--could have been worse. The place was clean, and, as I said, the employees were friendly. And I didn't see a tip jar at the counter. That's actually a plus for me. They're ubiquitous these days, and I don't agree that business owners should so directly pass on what should be their payroll costs to the customer.I drank water; someone mentioned that Torchy's doesn't have fountain drinks, but I've always thought canned/bottled soft drinks taste much better than fountain drinks anyway.Authentic? Maybe not. Creative and delicious? You bet.I'll be back!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2008,9/19/2008,136,206,14,22,19>CUPCAKE HAPPY DANCE!When I first saw the neon cupcake at the corner of 1st and Mary, I slammed on my brakes and nearly crashed trying to read the sign...It was a bakery! Woo-Hoo! Cupcakes, cookies & cakes on South First!But alas, they were not to open until July 15th - and I couldn't wait... so a bit of detective work later, and I spoke to the owner - Olivia (an amazingly sweet lady) who met us at the shop to give us a sneak peek and taste test!Oh. My. God.We tried the Lemon with Lemon Custard (light, creamy and tangy) and the Chocolate Peanut Butter (rich, moist and decadently chocolate) - words fail to describe how perfectly delicious these moist morsels are. Baked perfection manifested in hand held ecstasy - with frosting!There will be lines... long lines of people eager to devour Sugar Mama's succulent sweetness - so get there early and bring your sweet tooth!
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,9/18/2008,231,205,1,15,12>I finally scheduled a meeting with the perishables director at Central Market to speak with him about my bad experience with the floral department (see below). When he came down to greet me, the general manager accompanied him, and right away I felt as though perhaps these people actually were concerned about what I had to say. We sat down, and I calmly explained my frustrations to both gentlemen, and they were very apologetic and asked what they could do to make it right. Upon my request (I asked for my deposit back) I was promised a response in 24 hours.The next morning I received a reply from the director that a check in the amount of my deposit would be available whenever I wanted to come by.The floral department definitely fell short on my wedding day, but the customer service and empathy from management after the fact went beyond my expectations. I didn't have to grovel, I didn't have to issue a rebuttal of a bad offer, and I didn't have to make threats. This is the way every consumer should experience requesting retribution.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,9/17/2008,141,179,13,16,19>ESP saved me. Hallelujah for being in their delivery area. 3 perfect large pizzas and 4 Greek salads came to my door last Sunday.Actually, the pizza guy stepped right into in my superhero-birthday-party-home and put the pizzas and salads right on the table.  Party food: done.Parents devoured the slices,  asking after the origin of the pizza  between sloppy bites. The kids, of course, loved it. Yes, I felt smug about the pizza. And the salad-- even though all I did was plunk the salads into a big wooden bowl and act as if I made it: mixed greens, pepperocinis, slips of sun dried toms, olives, feta. Try the chipotle-spiked dressing. Lord, it's good. ESP saved me from feeling lame for not cooking for my son's superhero birthday party.  Saved by amazing pizza and zesty salad.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2008,9/16/2008,344,274,33,23,17>I don't get El Chile at all.  I don't get the one on the East Side nor it's hip younger brother.  I mean the food's ok.  But they come across like they think they're the Uchi of Mexican restaurants.  First of all... it's cool if you want to have some sort of weird art salsa.  But have that as a SECONDARY salsa.  Have some of the real stuff as well.  That black art shit REALLY funks up my nachos. And my nachos... or should I say nacho.  It was like 4 chips wish some chicken and  a little this -n- that for like $10.  And I'm not joking, we had to hit taco bell afterwards so that we weren't still starving.That said, the food quality is good but overpriced and pretentious for an artsy version of the same stuff I can get 25 other places for 1/2 the price.I think the skinny jeans are restricting blood flow and therefore adversely affecting everyone's judgment.  Slip on the sweats and head to El Arroyo.  Unless you're a poser, you'll be glad you did.PS  No lie... saw someone who WORKS at El Chile eating at El Arroyo last week.  Not a fairy tale.  Peace.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,9/13/2008,184,302,11,15,19>The best meal I've eaten in Austin.Right from the outset the evening was turning out wonderfully.  From the short, 30 minute wait on a Friday night, to the friendly, professional service beginning while we were sitting outside having a glass of wine waiting.No less than five service people smiled and said hello to us from the time we put in our names and sat down.  This was our 21st wedding anniversary, and Veek and I had been waiting for just such an occasion to try Uchi.  All our friends who had been raved about it; they get mostly great marks from Yelp, so we were excited.We decided even before we got there to go with the omakase - the chef's selection of tastings.  Amazing.  Every five or ten minutes for the next hour some service person came to our table with a plate of exquisitely prepared food, artfully plated and just freakin delicious.The complex components of the dishes, combined with my advanced age and failing memory (and my mild hangover - more on that later), prevent me from describing in detail each (or any) dish, but I remember such things as flounder sashimi with crispy scales, poached lobster, foie gras, snails, and scallop sushi.Who knew you could eat scallops raw?!  They were tender to the point of melting in your mouth, delicate with just a hint of the traditional taste of broiled scallops.  Absolutely fantastic.Crispy scales?  Seriously?  Yes, actually.  I was determined to put aside any reticence about trying "out there" dishes, and the first plate had "crispy scales" of fish on it.  Ok, here we go..... and BOOM, this great flavor hit me.  I mean not just good, but great.The whole evening went like that.  Dish after dish came out, each flavored differently and described expertly by the server, and we meandered down a path of taste delights.There were four of us, so in addition to the omakase we ordered some other dishes, and frankly, while they were mostly good, compared to the dishes coming out featuring the chef's latest and freshest creations, they could be described as "hit or miss". Hot Rock - we had to try it after seeing it at another table.  You know what?  Its fun one time but the price is definitely  not anywhere reasonable for what you get.  Edamame - pretty standard fare, and by that I mean perfect for what we wanted.  Nothing special, nothing wrong with it either.Super Toro (bluefin tuna) sashimi - very, very good.  Excellent in fact, and I loved its presentation.Tempura brie - it was good, but again, the 'small tasting' aspect of this didn't work for me compared to the cost.  At one point some guy who was not dressed as a server brought us a plate, I assume he was some sort of manager, and he asked how everything was.  I told him how delighted we were and that it was a special night for us, and a short while later four glasses of champagne appeared at our table.  A nice gesture.That champagne is contributing to my headache as I write this.  We had a few bottles of rose wine, the champagne, and then we headed over to the Yelp Open party at Buffalo Billiiards where i had a couple beers.  Fun then, not so much now.Well, this is getting kind of long, but I need to end on a very special note.  Right before we got dessert, Veek pulled something out of her purse and got down on one knee in front of everyone and presented me with a wedding ring.  Now, we've been married for 21 years, but just about a month ago I lost my wedding ring while we were on vacation in NY.  People were staring and smiling at this odd sight, and I am not ashamed to tell you that it was very moving for me.  God I love that woman.Uchi, you delivered.  A wonderful, memorable night shared with two good friends and the woman of my dreams. Thanks.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/12/2008,474,618,18,16,15>When the K-man suggested we take it easy on Sunday and just drive-thru the new and improved El Regio (now called El Pollo Loco or something), there was clapping and squeals of delight!I was nervous they had messed with a good thing and the new version of El Regio wouldn't be as good. But it was. I was a little disappointed with a few updates to the menu. I always thought it was cute the way they spelled beans, "beens". And the photo of potato salad looks like up-dog, but I'm sure its tasty.Still the same great taste and great value. I'm so happy its back!
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2008,9/11/2008,724,628,48,48,59>I guess I must be a closet hippie, because I like Hippie Hollow.I personally don't relish living in a country with a populace that is so freaking buttoned up about sex and nudity.  If you're the kind of person who gets his or her panties (or boxers, whatever) in a wad because OH MY GOD WE SAW A MILLISECOND OF BREAST DURING THE SUPERBOWL, then fine.  Don't go to Hippie Hollow.  That came out sounding more judgmental than I meant it; really, I don't blame you if you're that way.  You're a product of strong societal forces beyond your control.  But if you're not that way, and enjoy the fact that there are still places in this country where anyone, regardless of body type, shape, or age, can go be outside in public and maybe do a little swimming in the buff without fear of arrest, then Hippie Hollow may be just the salve your downtrodden nudist soul needs.  Personally, I find it rather freeing to be here and recognize that despite the constant media barrage telling us otherwise, not everyone has a hot supermodel body.  And, even better, there are a whole lot of people with non-supermodel bodies who are satisfied with what they've got and totally comfortable and confident in same, thank-you-very-much.I agree with Carrie C. - Hippie Hollow is one of those things that makes Austin special.  It's a vestige of a more laid-back, more carefree time when people could just be who they were and that was OK.(Minus one star for the people who are here just to hide in the bushes and stare, and for the people who drive up into the cove on their big-ass boats, drunk off their asses, with binoculars.  Puh-lease.  Let's just say there may be a good reason that a person who does that kind of thing is that hard up.  And yeah, that came out sounding exactly as judgmental as I meant it.)
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,9/10/2008,22,22,6,10,10>I could leave this as a one line review and just say this is pretty much a perfect bar, but that wouldn't be fair to those who, unlike me, don't live for simple bars that offer up a lot of character and a hefty list of micro-brews.This lovely pub offers up beer tasting events, and a beer list arranged by location, we are talking around the world (yes Texas brews included).  I tried the Blance de Bruxelles as suggested by the bartender when I asked for a nice Belgian wheat.  It was delicious (with just a hint of banana my favorite!).  We enjoyed a perfect spring day on the vegetated back patio.  We even sat through a light sprinkle with plenty of coverage offered by the many trees. The long wooden tables are perfect for a large group or an intimate beer tasting experience:) The jukebox and the yummy looking snacks are an added bonus.  I will happily be a regular here upon my move to Austin in June.  I am just hoping the new location will be as great as this one!
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,9/9/2008,1,17,7,7,7>What is wrong with some of you people?The prices are NOT high.$20 for three people is good, I think.  I've spent that on ONE person before.  The food is always good, I don't care WHAT time of the day it is.  Yes, they keep somewhat short hours.  Wouldn't you if you were cramped in an Airstream cooking that much food?Give me a break.  I'm glad most of the reviews on here are positive.THIS PLACE IS DELICIOUS.  No free water?  Ok...where are they going to keep all that free water in an AIRSTREAM for god's sake???Every crepe I've had here (and I've tried literally almost everyone on the menu) is great.  If you can't get free water, then why don't you buy a delicious Sweet Leaf Tea?  The people are super nice, even after serving insane amounts of people.Just try it yourself.  If you have a pulse and aren't a fussy eater, you're going to love this place.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,9/8/2008,10,11,9,14,11>Wow! So like I'm sooooooo nervous. I know I'll be judged so I'll try to make this good! Be gentle as I'm new at this whole review thing but seeing as how I have an opinion on EVERYTHING, I should be a natural.Moving on...I love thrift shopping when I can find the time. Since I stage homes for sell, I needed a few places to pick up some staging items on the cheap. My work keeps me mostly North so I decided to drop into the Storehouse Thrift store in Round Rock. When you walk in, it looks like a major dump, but you're instantly greeted by this super cool, friendly, red-headed man with a loud voice.Be warned that no pricing is marked so you have to ask said man for the prices. He just makes it up as he goes along. You don't even have to be dressed shabbily for him to give you a great deal either! So, you can go in there and fill an entire bag full of books (good, old, hard-backed books donated by libraries) for like $2! I use books when I stage so it's nice to get them so inexpensively. The last house I decorated, I filled the guy's shelves with self-help and Christian books and did it for only $2 bucks. If you knew this guy you'd think that was really funny (the self help and Christian books, not that I only spent two dollars).You can also buy fake greenery for almost nuthin'! I send clients there all of the time to buy those large, silk, ficus trees for $5-$10. On occasion, you can even find some neat knick-knacks! I love me some knick-knacks.I would have to say this has become one of my favorite thrift stores. I mean, I still frequent Goodwill, but at least I can go into the Storehouse and not leave feeling like I have contracted lung cancer due to all of the second-hand smoke oozing from the pores of the staff.  Plus, they do really great things with the money and it is local!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,9/7/2008,136,153,19,10,13>Imperial sized glasses for only 50 cents more! Look, everyone! This is what it would look like if I was a Hobbit drinking beer! Whoo hoo!Hey Hipster McDouchington, you mind not taking an entire table for five and spreading your manuscript and laptop all over it? No one cares what you're doing and your selfishly stealing space from other customers. Buying a $3000 laptop doesn't make you a writer, nor does wearing ripped blue jeans make you Billy Idol. This isn't 1984. And why are there like...ten other guys doing the same thing all over the place?!Oh forget it...back to my giant beer that is letting me pretend I'm in the shire, and to eat this fantastic hamburger.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,9/6/2008,22,6,12,17,11>I definitely adore this place, especially since they hired Miss Grace. I heard about places like Clubhouse for Kids when I used to live in California, and always wanted to try one, but I didn't have the chance because your kids must be at least 18 months to be admitted but not necessarily potty trained. Well, now they are, and I'm thankful to have Clubhouse for Kids nearby! I paid a one-time $30 dollar family registration fee. The hourly rates are $7 for the first child,  $5 for the second and $4 for those that are brave enough to have a third kid. What's great about Clubhouse for Kids ?* There are not contracts to sign, no monthly fees.* Drop-in hourly, you don't need to announce your child's arriving in advance.* Open every day open until 10, weekends until midnight.* It's safe: State-licensed child care facility, FBI background checked, CPR and First Aid certified employees; internal locking doors with alarm system.* Also, parent's IDs are checked every pick-up and they have an outstanding state inspection record.* Fun for the kids! Big-screen television, movies, seven video game stations, board games, arts & crafts, and an area just for younger children* Lunch, dinner and snacks available, homework assistance, toys, even a puppet stage and a stage area with costumes!* Clubhouse Extreme: A separate room for older children with a Wii video game, TV sitting area, ping pong, foosball, air hockey and more! When do I love to use it?* When the monkeys stress me and the only option is to go shopping with my hubby's credit card (now I just need to find husband's club house so I can drop him off to drink beer and play poker when he gets stressed...oh, wait...there's bars for that!)* I had a doctor appointment and no monkeys were permitted.* Job interviews (as if anyone will ever hire me in this town)* YELP EVENTS  (whenever Chad S. invites me)* Special occasions (adults-only B-days, anniversaries, etc.)* Sesso sfrenato!!!   (not tried yet, but hopefully soon...)
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,9/5/2008,354,138,10,11,14>The service here is stellar.My sidekick and I were cruising the soco for various and sundry when we came upon Lucy's.  No this is not a new discovery It's been around for as long as I can remember.  But it's the content, wow.  Every time that i darken their doors I know I'm going to find what I need.  I have been costuming for a long time, years in fact.  I think it goes back to my goth teen years of scaring the straights that gets me giddy with delight to know that i will have the chance to do it all over again.Mission: Ozzy Osbourne.Let's start with the necessary black coat.  He's a good dark fellow and he has a bit of class behind all that black.  I had someone take me to the back room where I was fitted for coats.  I almost found one that worked.  I put it on hold, cause I wanted to look good not just adequate.  I'm not exactly a thin fellow, but if i were, they had the perfect coat.  The cute little pixie girl was patient with me and the dog and gave me all the time that i needed to be choosy.Wigs are a must for any good costumer.  They had the perfect Ozzy wig, without actually saying "Ozzy" on the package-copyrights I'm sure.  Their wigs are rentable!  They have many different levels of craftsmanship whether you are frugal or like to go for it, you can find what you want for a fair price.  The party room has all your coiffed necessities and silly stuff like canes and helmets and fake blood and rubber bats.  I didn't need a helmet, but i do on occasion feel the need to pimp limp...  Nah I just got the rubber bat and the blood.  Maybe I'll come back for the plexiglass cane.They have every kind of jewelry usually.  I get frustrated buying jewelry when it's for me, too many things to pick from, wish i could just hand them specifications.picked up a cool cross and an earring that i didn't end up wearing, some bangles and some blood red sunglasses.The last thing i need is a scarf.  I knew what I wanted and i told dude polka dots, but he did the perfect thing.  While this may annoy some people, I think it's awesome when someone offers alternatives.  I was excited to see all the things that they had.I am serious when I say this.  If you can't find a good costume at Lucy's it's your imagination that needs work.  They have EVERYTHING.One day i will team up with a willing seamstress and sell them costumes, but for now i will just throw money at them to help this straight guy get fabulous!Thanks Lucy's, you helped me win a SXSW wristband for 2008.  You guys really do rawk!
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,9/4/2008,246,167,14,11,13>Here are a list of things that I have done at Buffalo Billiard's that were firsts:Played Indiana Jones pinball with Quani while espousing my opinion on the upcoming New Indy movie.Told 4 different British people that I was really glad that they came all the way from England to see me, even though they had not.Found out a friend was getting married.Played shuffle board as an Austinite.Won a no-limit poker tournament of more than 25 people (there were 76).Walked right up to Chuck D. after he gave an interview to 101.X during SXSW, shook his hand and greeted him, in my most pompous British Accent, as "Charles".Now, which one of those things wasn't true?  Regardless of which it is, I always have fun here, and never think to go unless it's someone else's idea.  I wonder why that is?
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,9/3/2008,103,80,11,10,7>Like a beer heaven.  If you are into beer, I can't see how you wouldn't love the Flying Saucer.  They have what amounts to a whole shit ton of different types of beers. (shit ton=alot)I went Saturday Night, and Sunday Night (1/12,1/13/08), the place just opened last Thursday.   It was packed Saturday night, with a whole bunch of twenty somethings, that looked just alternative enough, while still being able to afford the $5 beers. It made me wonder what all these people were doing Wednesday night? I mean before this place opened where were they? There is a whole wall of draft beers, and bottled beers from all over. There must be more than 200 total. Plus they have a full pub kitchen. They have this plan, where you get a UFO membership card, and once you try 200 different beers you get your name up on the "ring of honor."  This sounds like something horribly stupid and pointless, and silly, so I thought I should probably go ahead and join up. Get this though, it is $14.00 to join.  Here I am committing to spending $1000 in your joint, and I have pay $14.00 to get started. That is just stupid!  Idiotic even!So I went ahead and starting filling out the form to join so I could pay my $14.00, and get started on my 200 beers, but my wife freaked out so I decided not to join. Now, whenever I go there, I'll just feel like I'm wasting beers, because they aren't counting toward anything. The waitresses are cute, and the two different ones that served me were quick, courteous, and seemed happy to have their jobs. The "uniforms" really are not too big of a deal, seems to be T-shirt, short plaid skirt, and high sox. The outside patio is completely unfinished still, I think I will like the place better once there is outside seating.I was fully prepared to hate the place, since in general I hate the Triangle development. But it is pretty nice, and very close to my house. I'm more of a beer drinker, than a beer connoisseur though. I mean I've tried most of those beers, and I like some of them. But I'm old and my belly has pretty much settled on Lone Star and the occasional Stella or Spaten. No Lone Star at the Flying Saucer, and no Bud products of any kind, which you have to respect a little. We tried the two pretzel special, two soft pretzels and two dipping sauces. The pretzel was good, really just soft doughy bread. But one word of warning if you have three heavy beers and a pretzel with queso dipping sauce around 10:30pm at night. Be prepared to be a pootering fool the next morning. My poor office mate. They seem to do what they claim to do well here, doesn't feel like home to me though, more like a beer disneyworld. But that isn't their fault. I'll make another visit once the patio opens, maybe it will have more of a biergarten feel. Welcome to the neighborhood Flying Saucer.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,9/2/2008,522,1205,6,11,11>I used to eat here a lot when I lived closer. Now I stop by occasionally to meet friends or family for Brunch or Happy Hour.The Brunch is very inexpensive for an upscale Mexican food place. And I do consider it more interior Mexican than Tex-Mex.The prices are kinda wonky with the brunch menu being cheap at an average 5.00 and the appetizers being pricey at around 11.00.  But, the Campechana (poached fish and shrimp in a Pico de Gallo cocktail sauce with avocado) is big enough for a meal. So, it is a great deal at Happy Hour.The 3 things I highly recommend here are 2  servings of Fresh Watermelon Margaritas and the Chile Relleno del Mar (roasted Poblano Pepper stuffed with shrimp, scallops and crab with a chile crema sauce and topped with lots of broiled melted CHEESE!) Feel free to offer to buy me dinner here after my free suggestion on this amazing deliciousness:)And yeah the patio offers some nice outdoor seating ambiance.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,9/1/2008,392,291,38,12,15>If I ever wanted to meet a woman who was tall and thin and wore cooler clothes than me and had a jaded outlook on life, who probably had a cool job like painting all day and the appearance of a starving artist, but could afford to live in a really cool neighborhood and drink cheap beer all day while actually having a shit-ton of money. This is where I would meet that woman.This place is great for people watching.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,8/30/2008,13,14,14,3,6>Battle of the Great CombinationsTag Team No. 1: Batman & RobinStrengths: Drop kicks, killer intuition, neat car, sizable fortuneWeaknesses: Wardrobe manager still thinks black is the new black, unfortunate bat/circus obsessionsPartnership Chemistry: Semi-militant heirarchical scheme resulting in not infrequent acts of defiance (e.g., that one where Batman says "stay here, Robin" but Robin (sigh) doesn't. Calamity ensues)Tag Team No. 2: Stockton & MaloneStrengths: Pick & Roll; Making purple look ok on both a big black guy and a tiny white guy; Dream TeamWeaknesses: Playing during the era of Jordan and OlajuwonPartnership Chemistry: Overheard after a game: "Hey Karl, do you ever feel like our relationship is superficial? Like it's always just a physical thing and that we never really get to share how it feels on the inside? Maybe this is an opportunity to grow?" "Shut up John."Tag Team No. 3: Big Dipper & Little DipperStrengths: Scooping stars; Balls of fiery gas bedazzlementWeaknesses: Quantum fluctuations in the microscopic inflationary region; The fact that ladies dig Orion's belt more than a pair of measuring cupsPartnership Chemistry: Generally stable; subject to nasty bouts of  Einstein-Rosen bridgesTag Team No. 4: Trudy's Migas & FjitasStrengths: The basic premise of migas AND fajitas in one dish; Grilled onions; Migas texture; great picoWeaknesses: Vegetables in migas could be crisper; Chicken could be a little moister; extra charge for the guac just isn't worth the quantity, or quality.Partnership Chemistry: This pair of foods deserves more action than Maverick and Goose working the Righteous Brothers.  Without question, this dish is the most satisfying threesome you'll ever have for under $10. Though Batman and Robin have that super computer, you'd be surpised how insightful the grilled onions can be. The migas have been defending the pick and roll since they were born - they'll make Stockon rely on long j's, which everyone knows he can't hit when the game is on the line.  The Dippers are great, but totally nocturnal - migas and fajitas are ready to go whenever Trudy's is. Game. Set. Match.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,8/29/2008,253,502,5,11,11>Yay! Bahn Mi in South Austin. What's next? Chinese BBQ? God I wish...Lulu B's is a cute little trailer right next to the Office Depot at South Lamar and Oltorf, across from Bird's. And Lulu B's offers up some of the best summer rolls I've had so far. They're super fresh and not at all rubbery like some can be. She serves them with the light vinegar sauce, and a peanut sauce as well. The peanut sauce definitely has more flavor.The Bahn Mi is good but I was disappointed in the bread which didn't seem to be much more than a hoagie roll from the grocery store. The filling was fantastic though, and it beats having to drive all the way up north to get one. I tried the BBQ pork today and it was super tasty. A little sweet, a little spicy and super fresh, crunchy veggies.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,8/28/2008,22,29,39,16,15>It was $.25 Peel & Eat Shrimp night, and I had one of my worst first dates ever.My companion insisted on ordering the following (and he ordered for BOTH of us, without even asking me what I might want.  Note to men-- only douchebags do this): five dollars worth of peel and eat shrimp, fried oysters, fresh oysters, a basket of hush puppies, a basket of fried okra, and a pitcher of beer.  The total price was pretty reasonable considering that he'd demanded enough food to feed an army -- score one for Quality Seafood --  but then he conveniently remembered he was broke only after his gigantic order was rung up.  I had to step in and pay.  For all of it.  Unexpectedly.  Not cool.  The dude then dove into the cornucopia of seafood, lustily wiping his greasy maw on his hands (which he then wiped on his pants as apparently he felt napkins were for dainty fancy lads), and proceeded to brag on himself without really stopping for the next hour.  His self-aggrandizing was especially amusing given the amount of breading stuck in his beard. The meal was damn good, though, and I got a lot for food for my money .  I especially recommend the shrimp for dates both good and bad: perfectly spiced and perfectly boiled and large and juicy.  The fried items were also well seasoned, with the perfect amount of crunch.  The hush puppies were mediocre but the okra was amazing.  Staff was friendly and our food was delivered quickly.  Decent selection of beers on tap.  My date, after making exaggerated slurping noises as he gulped down his eight hundred oysters, eventually leaned over said, "Girl, I wanna take you on a picnic."  I gracefully declined and made a quick exit soon after, my belly happily full of cheap and delicious shrimp.  This was almost a year ago... I never saw him again, but I really need to re-kindle my relationship with Quality Seafood.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,8/27/2008,309,45,23,13,13>Sometimes you like it when you walk into an establishment and they recognize you, like on Cheers when you walk in and the guy pours your drink and has it waiting for you by the time you sit down.And then there's Koriente.  Don't get me wrong, I love this place.  It's a few blocks from my office.  It's cheap, handy, and fast.  Which is probably what the woman behind the counter must think about me.  You see, I have been here for lunch about a dozen times since I first went, and nearly every time showed up with a different woman.   Now when I arrive and she gives me this disapproving look that would make you think I've threatened to rob her or something, but still is polite and her food makes my stomach happy.  So I keep going back.  As with any place you frequent frequently, you develop favorites and I do enjoy the Chicken Bulgogi.  The purple rice, while initially a bit...odd looking, certainly is a decent side.  And veggies.  Healthy, fast, handy, and cheap.  No, they do not do sushi (there's one roll, but i wouldn't call it sushi). Oh, and I've decided to bring a guy next time I visit and see if she gives me a raised eyebrow instead and perhaps a more approving look the time after that I visit.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,8/26/2008,90,149,6,10,9>I would venture to say that we just had a $100+ meal and paid roughly only $65.  HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?!, you ask.  Do you know somebody?  Did they cut you a deal because you're so damn cute?   I wish.  No, their prices are just incredibly low.  In all honesty, the low prices made me a bit skeptical - and even more so when I saw a very white, very blonde-haired boy in a sushi chefs outfit, behind the sushi bar, MAKING SUSHI??  WTF?  What gives?  Does the chef lick the fish before he makes the rolls?  Does he get other restaurants' leftovers and then flavor it with his armpit hair?  Something must be... umm, *fishy* here, pun intended.  I'm glad to report my skepticism was completely misplaced.  The rolls were delicious and imaginatively created.  The fish was fresh and the flavors were impeccably paired - The Hawaiian Roll, for instance, is two kinds of beautiful fresh tuna, fresher than fresh avocado, cucumber and mango wrapped in a soy sesame wrap (not seaweed), and drizzled with a sweet miso glaze.  And the Beautiful Roll was...  even more beautiful in my belly.  The Hot Rock, a tempura roll, was one of the most amazing things I've put in my mouth since moving to Austin back in September - and I've put A LOT of things in my mouth since then.  I will definitely be back.  Over and over and OVER again.  The only thing that could possibly make this place THE MOST amazing restaurant in Austin is if they were to add delivery.  Well that and knowing a real live traditional volcano roll is actually much more delicious than whatever it is they are calling a volcano roll... but that's my only crit.  Dudes, I vote yes.  If you're heading over to try it out let me know and I'm there.  Seriously.  Anytime.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2008,8/25/2008,29,45,8,10,9>This place seems to have an interesting history. At first it had a significant buzz and would be packed, about six years ago I think. It was sort of a "straight techie-meets-vaguely gay" place. OK, "metrosexual", back when that word was useful. I think they even tried to throw down a strict dress code. Yeah right...that NEVER works in Austin. Ever. Period. Are you listening, "Qua"?Then, perhaps not coincidentally, nobody seemed to be talking about it for a few years, but somehow it hung on.Then two things happened. First, they built a patio which turned out to be a great people-watching spot. Second, the "twink" gay bar across the street closed (Fabric). Now the place jumps again with a mix of mildly confused straights, insecure and judgemental gay young'uns, the occasional bachelorette party, and DJ-savvy hipster types. That being said, I think there's a segregation thing happening slowly. The downstairs seems striaghter and the upstairs gayer.But as always the drinks are fun, the music alltogether eclectic, nostalgic, and DJ-modern, and the patio is somehow an exciting place to hang. The candy-like apple martinis are still fun to drink, and you get your roughage too (sliced apple).Welcome back Apple Bar, or maybe "Son of Apple Bar?".
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2008,8/24/2008,462,751,11,9,8>Pork pie, Derby, Cuban Cadet, Fedora, Manhattan, Stich Band, Gentlemen's Button, Raoul, Cloche, Wide brim...whatever your choice of headgear these folks have it.The funny thing is, I walk by this place once every two weeks and always wanted to go inside but it was always after hours. Thank goodness I came downtown early this week. I had a chance to walk around inside this cute shop devoted to all things decorative for the cranium.I love hats but I have this HUGE head. Seriously, my head is so big small planets orbit around it. Luckily, the ladies at this store were able to measure my gigantic melon and find me a hat that didn't end up look like a yarmulke. They also make custom hats here...and I was swooning at the custom Kentucky Derby hats they had on display. I would be willing to attend weddings non-stop if I could wear that hat.Le sigh.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,8/23/2008,91,29,5,15,10>Ohm nom nom! *eats tasty frozen yogurt*There has been a serious lack of frozen yogurt in Austin, which I've felt since moving here about a year ago from California.  Something I took for granted while living there.  Had I known I would go without for so long I would have stuffed my face before leaving. A few weeks ago I noticed a sign while driving by Metric on Parmer which read: TomunchiFrozen Yogurt Coming SoonI waited (im)patiently for a couple of months (might have been weeks, felt like months).  Until finally the day came when a sign on the door said open!  I had to wait another day because they were closed on Easter, but I made my boyfriend stop by to find out their hours.  11:30am - 10pm mon - thu11:30am - 11pm fri & sat11:30am - 9pm sunSo today I *finally* got to go, dragging my roommate/best friend/co-worker along for the ride after a trip to jerry's art-o-rama.This is a family owned business and is run unconventionally for a frozen yogurt shop.  There is only one cup size but the yogurt is self serve and they weigh it to determine the price (.39/oz).  There were about 6 flavors when we went; strawberry, mango, coconut, plain tart, vanilla, and chocolate.  They also had a dispenser for pineapple but had run out.  I expect in the future they will have other flavors, as they had one machine that was not in use at all.  Also, there is a small bar for toppings, which are included in the price of your yogurt's weight, ranging from rice balls to fresh fruit to little chocolate pieces.I got a cup of strawberry, plain tart, and chocolate with pineapple and strawberries on top. My roommate got strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate with strawberries and blueberries on top.  I was rather surprised to find that one of my favorite flavors was the plain tart.  Not to say that the other flavors aren't totally delicious, but it really stands out.  Also, worth noting is that the fruit was great as well, the pineapple was perfectly ripened. It's nice to finally have frozen yogurt in Austin, and to see North Austin getting a little love. I'd much rather go here than Amy's any day.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,8/22/2008,240,206,,24,13>Last Wednesday I took my father 88 years young in for loss of appetite.  I took him to the ER where we waited only 15 minutes.  The admissions staff were friendly and exceptional.  Within  1 hour my dad was being admitted for tests. The following morning over 6 different tests were run to help diagnose his sudden weight loss and loss of appetite.  All the time the technicians were outstanding.  The nurses and the personal aid technicians could not have been more helpful and supportive.  Also,  Dr. Doner (Oncology), Dr. Poreddy (gastroenterology), and Dr. Requeijo (Internal Medicine) have been more than available.  All 3 have  been  outstanding in a the areas a family needs while taking care of an ailing family member. They all show the love and affection not only for the profession they have chosen, but the patients they treat.  Thanks to their help my father will enjoy his life to the fullest from this day forward.  Many thanks to the entire staff at North Austin Medical Center.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,8/20/2008,44,76,19,1,5>I can barely stand going to the movies any place else, except another Alamo location.  This does not bode well for me when I leave Austin.I bet that if I poured the $5 shake down my pants, no woman would ever be able to please me again.  And not because I poured a frozen drink down my pants, but because the milkshake is just that good.  Just wanted to be clear.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,8/19/2008,467,441,4,15,12>Judging from my most recent reviews, I've been a bit of a negative nancy the past couple weeks.  Time to break that trend.I've been to Mi Madre's twice now, first with a group of hungover girls, gathering to discuss the events of the previous night.  The second time a few weeks ago, as a fallback plan, even though I was craving waffles (actually, when am I NOT craving waffles?!).  Both times, the... service... was ... excellent.  It may have even been the same waitron.  My coffee was always full, the second time, my partner's iced tea was always full, and she was very attentive to our every whim (both times).AND... they were able to satisfy my waffle craving.  The special of the day was Mexican Chocolate waffle, with two eggs and bacon (I had homefries instead, we all know I have an aversion to bacon).  It was tasty, just what I'd been looking for!  The breakfast tacos are good, as well.  There are a decent number of veggie options, or things can be customized to be veggie- friendly.  This was also the first time in a while that I've had eggs over easy, prepared perfectly runny.It's clean, the patio area is cozy and welcoming, like home.  Home sweet home.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2008,8/18/2008,113,106,12,11,12>The loud, wasted, F-bomb-dropping thespians at the table next to us made me realize that the tables are just too close together out on Matt's outdoor patio. In fact, that's true of the whole place. It's a huge restaurant and must have seating for a quarter million people. Thankfully, we had a nice waitress and were served one dish that delighted, one that was pleasing, and another that disappointed.o The delighted: Beef brisket tacos. Total Woman ordered queso on the side for an extra buck, but it never materialized. Ding.o The pleased: Bean and cheese burrito with sour cream sauce. The sour cream sauce was outstanding and raised the dish itself quite a bit.o The disappointed: Smoked chicken quesadilla, which just didn't impress. The tortillas were dry, and the cheese between them was hard to find. Also, the guacamole was a little bitter, and I never got the sense of smoked chicken. It was even worse as a leftover.I'm giving them three stars because of the tacos, the sour cream sauce, the nice waitress, and the history of this place. Without the history, it's more like 2 1/2.The truth is, like so many other reviews here mention, you can find better Tex-Mex all around Austin. But I'd return for those brisket tacos, and to try the Bob Armstrong dip. Hopefully the thespians will stay home.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,8/17/2008,25,19,9,12,7>This place is WORTH YOUR MONEY. I beg you to go on a Sunday, when you can sample some lovely things that they don't have on the dinner menu, and lots that they do. A friend recommended eating a huge meal the night before to strech out your stomach in preparation, then going in about 11:00 or so. This may be a good idea because there is so much to choose from.  I did not heed his advice, however, and still did a fine job of putting away 2 pounds of food or so.If you go to the brunch, a must try is the cochinita pibil. I don't eat meat anymore but I had to have some of this because it is so mouthwateringfallapartinyourmouthsweetandsavoryf-­inaGOOD. Even the coffee is excellent.If you go to dinner have at least 2 margaritas. And the appetizer of ceviche. The poblano enogada is amazing and you will cry when you finish because there is none left to take home. You will dry your eyes after ordering the tres leches cake, though, and then start crying again after you put the first bite in your mouth. Hallelujah!After having lived in Mexico for 2 years I came here with my husband and mother-in-law. Upon setting foot inside we were transported to...Talaquepaque maybe? Definitely Mexico, somewhere cool and beautiful and decorated by someone with exquisite taste in art.I think this is my favorite restaurant in Austin.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,8/15/2008,27,17,28,8,12>Q.  Why is Chuy's named Chuy's? Theory #1:  A nod to mastication, i.e. the infinite, magic Mary Poppins basket of perfect tortilla chips that I can't stop eating.Theory #2:  After two Texas Martinis, you'll sound like Chewbacca.In closing, if you hear someone stumbling in the parking lot, exchanging garbled wookiee grunts with a grackle, please take my car keys.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2008,8/14/2008,315,273,12,13,16>I have officially found 'my place' in Austin.This reminds me of a of place back home that my best friend and I would frequent so frequently that it closed right after I left Orlando. (coincidence?  i think not)Anyway, Mars.I dig the atmosphere.  It's cool that you can sit inside or outside (live music outside), but right now I definitely am opting for inside.The food is awesome.  I can vouch for the south congress rickshaw (drink), beef tenderloin, the seared grouper, the appetizer for two, the negamaki (sp?), the anise doughnuts, the brownie cheesecake, the creme brulee, and the chocolate cake. (i either ordered or tasted all of these in my two visits to Mars last week).So in summary, I am officially no longer homesick.  I found my haunt.  I am a happy camper.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,8/13/2008,188,425,17,14,16>hem jeans gets 20 stars from me! i despise jean shopping, as i always feel like the old lady in the juniors department that shouldn't be shopping in the juniors department but the old lady section only has high-waisted jeans so i leave crying.  not today!allison was incredibly helpful, throwing a plethora of jeans in my room.  she wanted to see each pair on and how they fit me.  whaaaa?  someone actually wanted to play fashion show with me??  badass!even though i had a gift certificate i went way over the amount because i was in love with 2 pairs of jeans.  that has never happened.  ever.  now the juniors department can kiss my ass.  i found hem.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,8/11/2008,161,122,15,15,10>There is no nice way to put this so I'll just throw it out there:I'm very frequently hung over on Saturday morning and Sunday morning. There. I said it. When I'm hung over, I want Vietnamese food in a very bad way. One day, I came over to this place for the pho and was so amazed by it's healing and recuperative properties that I actually came for lunch and dinner on non-hungover days and had traditional vietnamese food and was blown away. quick caveat - Only if the restaurant is $$-$$$ will I remove a star for lack of ambiance. If Denny's actually had good food I wouldn't care that the waitress was 2 days removed from a halfway house and wearing an ankle monitor, I'd happily give the damn place 5 stars. back to Le Soleil...Food - Friggin amazing. If you come here and DO NOT get the Bo Luc Lac you are a horrible person. Like al qaeda wouldn't even take you horrible. It might be in my top 5 menu items for the city of austin. Also the cabbage chicken salad with fish sauce is incredible. The whole crispy fish is equally amazing. I once had some random curry chicken something or other which wasn't that great, but the rest of the food is so great that I am not taking away a star. Listen: Just get one of those three things I mentioned and you'll be happy. If you are hung over, get the Bo Luc Lac for an app and the pho for your meal. Do it. Ambiance -  Look... your average entree is about $7. Do you really care that there is no string quartet in the corner playing  Eine kleine Nachtmusik in G major??? No, you do not. You are happy that everything is clean, that the restaurant smells nice, and that the staff looks happy to see you. This is not a place to take a date to show her the riches you will lavish upon her. This is a place to take someone to introduce them to really really good food. Service - As mentioned, the service is very good. I drink a lot of water... no, NOT just when I'm hungover, you judgmental a-holes. I just happen to drink a lot of water... Anyway, when I DO drink this water, my glass is promptly refilled. This pleases me. Overall - Great food, good overall feel, and great food. Yes, I said it twice. Come here and order what I mentioned and leave me a comment telling me how brilliant I am and how you are so impressed that you will come hear my band play at your every opportunity.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,8/10/2008,53,40,10,9,7>If only this place had one of those plaques on the wall for personal drinking mile stones. Not so much for how many beers or shots I have had there, but how many times Barfly's has been responsible for being behind the driver's seat when it comes to me making decisions in life. The very first in Marcos' quadrilogy of bars. Whether it be a night of celebration or a night of destruction Barfly's will take the place of the friend in your life that gets you into trouble, but will be one hell of an adventure along the way.Its the dive bar to end all dive bars.  3 Factors....3 things you need to remember.1. - Drinks are cheap...I repeat, the DRINKS ARE CHEAP.  Wont break the bank.  Now your face as you fall down, that's a different story.2. - The jukebox kicks some major ass. Period3. - There are stairs involved.  Don't forget to hold onto the railing if you feel the world crashing down on you.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,8/9/2008,212,150,25,11,17>I sat here one recent afternoon, composing its yelp review in my head, and I reasoned it was a firm three stars.My iced coffee was really not that good. My breakfast was of good quality, but hardly enough food. The music was good, but it seemed such an unorganized place to work. The employees were nice enough, but I kinda wished someone would enforce the health code more rigorously.Yup. Three stars overall.But then, as I sat in the South Austin sun, I began to question the validity of my assessment.It slowly occurred to me that this is an era of Fordist food production. Everything (at this culinary level, at least) is plated up assembly-line style and served in 9 minutes or less by a clean, smiling, quasi-uniformed "company ambassador" in an eatery that is organized for maximum efficiency and profit. Serving sizes have been re-calibrated to convey some vague, false feeling of value, while wholesomeness has declined.  Perhaps such a place as Bouldin Creek, with its craft-work, one-at-a-time, you'll get it when it's ready and someone mosies it out to you mode of service is to be cherished. Maybe I've grown too used to feeding my face in a characterless place. I realized I had. Bouldin Creek didn't need to change. I did.But, after I snapped out of my daydream, the coffee was still pretty weak. And that guy really needs to wear a shirt that covers his pits when he's reaching over food.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2008,8/8/2008,163,53,3,9,12>Here is the thing, this restaurant is not for the faint of heart or the faint of palet.You either love it or hate it.Restaurant Jezebel was a place I at first avoided because people who knew food, said, "he puts chocolate on sushi".  Didn't sound any good.  But then I hear he had a place in Ruidoso, NM my birthplace.  I gotta try it.  So I went when two friends who are both very well versed in wine and food.  I had the lamb....WOW.   We had apps, salads, entrees, and deserts.  We all three throughly enjoyed our meal and proclaimed right then and there we had been wrong.  And we also proclaimed we may not eat again for another three days as we had stuffed ourselves because we couldn't stop eating the amazing food.The wine list is a bit confusing but fun, "not that there is anything wrong with that" being the tag line on the selection of White Zins.  The food is BIG.  It is a lot to take in.  It's big not only in size, which is nice for once, but big in flavor.  To add to that the flavors are...complicated.  It takes a lot to work them out.  You have to be a very adventurous eater.  The first time I went it was salty, the second time less so, but no less flavor.  Drink water before you go to bed ; )I took a friend there who lives in San Francisco and they said it really reminded them of great restaurants there and LOVED the dishes served.  If you're a steak and potato guy or a salad hold the dressing girl, you're not going to like the food.  I love the atmosphere and my service has always been very good.  I don't eat Foie Gras because of the way the animals are force fed, but I don't push my views on that on other people as I don't want people to push their views of religion or anything else on me.  I simply don't eat it while there.  I don't avoid places that serve veal either...and I don't boycott stores that sell leather, fur, or wool.  So whatever, if that's why you hate the place so be it.My only complaint is that the key lime infused with tropical fruit tasted only of papaya.  I was totally missing the key lime.But the lavender creme brulee and I hear the banana fosters is to DIE FOR!!!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,8/7/2008,7,24,10,12,10>The single most traumatic thing about packing up and moving clear across the country is saying goodbye to that group of close friends that feels like family.  And for any gal who "enhances" her own natural hair color her hometown hair salon is that family.It's kind of like having your very own "Cheers" bar -- where everyone knows your name and you have a personal relationship with your stylist.  Menfolk -- FYI beautiful hair does take time, any gal with a luscious multi-dimensional mane is logging 3-4 hours at the salon every 6 weeks.  It's a bonding experience.You owe your continuing loveliness to your stylist -- and you and she have a deeply personal relationship.  You know all about everyone in her crazy family (I mean you Cindy at Studio 291 in Newtonville, MA!) and she knows those magic color formulas that make you look better than fabulous.Naively, upon arrival in Austin, TX many months ago I turned to an inferior community review site and ended up in stylist chair that turned out to be a reserved seat on the slow train to hair hell.  Never again!  What I learned was that anyone can sling around a magic color palette but without the dedicated and focused commitment to a truly artistic application of color each and every time, you can end up looking like a streaky haired hoochie.So after a few sub-par color applications I found myself staring back in the mirror at a streaky haired hoochie.  Let me tell you girls, I am one usually one tough cookie but my hoochie hair broke me town.  I'm talking tears.Yelp saved my hair.  Yelp and SARA at VAIN.Based largely on the witty, snappy raving review written by Ashely A. I went to Sara at Vain and she fixed me up better than new.  She sympathized, she understood, she felt my pain.  Once again I was one foxy lady!!!So for any gal who is new in town -- and especially for anyone who has had a run-in with an inferior stylist -- go see Sara at Vain.  She took me from hoochie to foxy in just a couple of hours, and if that's not a miracle I don't know what is...
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2008,8/6/2008,48,60,13,15,12>I have no shame in admitting I am a Red Robin fan. Have been for almost 20 years, in fact, ever since high school, when cadets from the nearby Air Force Academy would try to flirt with me and my friends by sending us over pitchers of water (since none of us were old enough to drink. Clever the first time, but after that--couldn't they at least send a pitcher of Diet Coke? Or maybe one of those delicious Mountain High Mud Pies?). I pretty much always get the Clucks & Fries, a cuter name for chicken strips. So yummy. Occasionally I get the Crispy Chicken Burger--aka, Clucks & bread--but that's only when I'm feeling crazy.Yes, this is a family-friendly joint. If you don't like that environment, you probably won't like Red Robin. But the food is solid. How can you not love bottomless fries? And steak fries at that? If you deny it, I won't believe you.Now, in terms of this particular location--I had an unfortunate experience a couple of months ago with my waiter. I put down $30 on a $21 bill. He took the bill and left...and never returned. I waited. And waited. And waited. I thought about leaving because I'm kind of passive that way, but my friend reminded me that it was ridiculous to leave a $9 tip on a $21 bill. So I waited some more. He never came over to check on us. I mean, usually, even if you've already paid and you're just hanging out talking, your waiter will come by and refill your water, you know? Not this guy. He disappeared into oblivion. Eventually, I had to stop someone else and ask her to get our waiter for us. Then, when he finally showed up and I told him I needed change, he said, "Oh! I already closed you guys out," and hesitated like I'd say, "Never mind then." But I didn't, so he relunctantly got my change.I disliked that experience. Intensely. It made me uncomfortable. It made me feel like I was being cheap. I have to take a star away from my review for that, as sad as it makes me. Nonetheless, I'll keep going back. You don't break 20-year habits that easily...
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,8/5/2008,40,14,8,10,10>As I'm more of a Warehouse District and WEST 6th Street aficionado and devotee, I was just a tidbit cautious about my jaunt onto EAST 6th Street.  However, being that it was a Wednesday night and there was trivia involved, I was much more inclined to put my fears at bay.  And I'm so glad I did!Although I didn't splurge on a full entree by  myself, I fully enjoyed the grilled cheese sandwich (replete with tomatoes, avocadoes, and a mighty fine crispiness to the bread.)  They even cut the crust off on request!  The french fries were mouthwatering and I want to know what special seasoning they put on them, but I wish there were a few more on the plate.  Of course I do...  I would have kept eating them all night!  The trivia (not to mention the company) made my visit much more enjoyable.  Not MENSA material, but it sure made the group scratch their heads a few times.  (Note:  Trivia only on Wednesdays @ 8:00)Our waiter was awesome!  He readily pulled up some other chairs and stools when he knew the group was going to just get bigger and bigger.  Plus, I don't think my beer glass was empty at all until the very end of the night.  Props to you, young man...
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,8/4/2008,215,283,22,14,16>Ruby's is the best in town. WHOOOOOaaaAAAA, wait....e.rg... AAckKkkk (beats down Zombies Who Must Only Cite the Salt Lick as 'best' with crowbar)Where was I.Ah. I don't know what it is. Could be the free range cattle (dunno about the other animals). Certainly it doesn't hurt.  They've got my fave sauce. Could be that. Could be the cat named Brisket (best name EVER for a restaurant cat).  Could be the old sign that says "dr pepper" and "Fajita Flats" that has been outside near the place for years. I don't eat much meat these days, but I still think it's the best of Austin's BBQ. Could be their salads, which are strangely pretty good for a BBQ place. Not that I'm not complaining. You also get a wide variety of dressings. Ruby's used to have a "dang good coconut pineapple pie" which was really not dang good - it was stellar. I asked where they got it and was told "this little old lady bakes our pies and sells them to us every week." I think they might just be sticking to sweet potato pie, now.Anyway, the only thing I've had there that I never liked was the cobbler, but I'm not exactly going to the bbq joint for cobbler. And I think I just never like cobbler, it's always too tart for me. Or is that just a cobbler-esque quality?So, next time you want the bbq, head on over with your fave BBQ-eating person and plunk down in my fave spot inside by the east wall near the entrance. I like that spot because it's right by the blown-up, signed record cover of Los Lobos' "La Pistola Y El Corazon"....If you ever want to get me an awesome b-day present, track down the original painting that record cover was based upon. I'm pretty sure the last time I checked, the original George Yepes painting used for the cover design was owned by Sean Penn, and replicas are only available from Yepes' site for around $2000+ . I also believe Austin photographer/musician/video guy Dutch Rall recently did a biographical video thing on Yepes for KLRU with former 8 1/2 Souvenirs chanteuse Chrysta Bell (who is now working with David Lynch)....but I am committing serious digression fouls here so let me hop back on the track.Sure, yeah, there's posters of blues legends all over the place, but I'm not a blues guy, no matter what they play on the stereo (although there's usually something cool on.)  You can also opt to sit outside, on old wood picnic tables where it's easier to fit bigger groups, and it is covered so you can still eat there if it's raining, but then ya got no a/c.  You might have Brisket for company, though, and there's always a bunch of free local newspapers if you're in a reading mood.RUBY'S IS THE BEST, AUSCHRON POLL READERS. RUBY'S RUBY'S RUBY'S RUBY'S RUBY'S RUBY'S RU....acAAAccckKKKKK ..... ZOMBIES!!!!!  WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH[thud]
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2007,8/3/2008,139,109,9,12,8>I'm working at home tonight (with intermittent Yelping) and went here to get some takeout.  This place is very close to my home in Barton Hills.There wasn't a single person in the restaurant, but they seem to do a brisk takeout business.  The place looked and smelled clean.  The lady at the cash register was polite and friendly.  I got a huge serving of General Yelp's Chicken with fried rice for $10.  It was good (authentic?  Not even close, but I probably wouldn't like it if it were authentic Chinese) and there's plenty left over for a second full meal.  It's good enough I'll put it on my rotation of "places to grab food on the way home" list.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,8/2/2008,60,14,11,9,6>Korea House holds a special place in my heart because this is where I first met my GF of 3 years... I just saw her from 3 tables away and through the good lord's graces I ran into her a week later... Gathering up the courage I.... uh oh wait, yea the review... ahem anyways Korea House is in a weird shopping center and tough to find for the newcomer, just look for the pond in the middle and the gym, and it's right there. if ur gonna do Korean BBQ, you gotta get one of the grill tables, although ordering the BBQ and having the chefs cook it is still pretty good as well, but kinda takes the fun out of it. The staples are the Gal Bi (short ribs) which I heartily recommend. Some other good options for the grill are the beef tongue (tastes and texture just like lean beef, TRY IT) and shrimp. I also enjoy the baby octopus.Like any korean restaurant they bring out the pangchangs (mostly vegetarian side dishes/appetizers) But don't just come here for the BBQ, they've got some really good entrees as well. The BiBimBabDolSot (hot pot) is a good option for the beginner, it's like a Korean Jambalaya... ok that's kind of a stretch. Cold noodles are good in the summer and my personal fav is the BiBimNangMyung, spicy cold noodles. If you've got a killer hangover I would recommend any of the soups. If you want light and brothy go for the GalBiTang, which is a clear soup with beef ribs, and if you want spicy and love seafood definitely try the SoonDubuJigae (Tofu Jigae). And last but not least, I REALLY DIG the Yuk Hoi. The description sounds disgusting (Raw Beef with Raw Egg) but it is delicious, I guarantee you won't be disappointed, it's like marinated steak tar tar, but asian style.Well that's it, and make sure if you see someone across the table staring back at you, go get their number cuz you might not see them again!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,8/1/2008,57,243,10,7,8>The idea of this place is.... meat. The staff here are probably the best staff I've had in my life and in all my experience at a Fogo de Chao. I almost wanted to ask the cute server lady to cut my meat for me into bite size pieces and see if she'd do it. This is probably the best churruruscararaaia(sp?) I've been too. Also, the salad bar is amazing. If this was like a saladscarria, I'm sure it would be one of the best ones too.They have a looot of meat that never stops coming. Ribeye, why are you so good? All the meat is good too... well except for the parmesean pork thingy, that one is always so dry, but I guess some people like the way it tastes. Btw, they also have huge things of meat being fired up in front windows, just to tempt you. I really want meat not.Seriously, unless you're vegetarian or some other type of herbivore, you need to come here and just put your face in some meat.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,7/31/2008,27,74,10,10,10>This place is like a Barnes & Noble with balls. Whereas everything on the floor at a B & N has been sanitized and vetted through corporate, Bookpeople is an independent store replete with unique displays, Jesus action figures, fake mustaches, and toilet paper that lets you wipe your pitooty with Dubya's smirking face. The selection is about what you'd expect from one of the chain bookstores, but the local accents and gifty items make the store unique. I doubt that there's another bookstore in Texas that offers as many quality book signings and events as Bookpeople. The event planners at Borders and B & N must be crying in their Venti mocha lattes, because all of the good authors and major figures with books to sign go to Bookpeople.Oh, and if you're looking for Keep Austin Weird merchandise or Leslie magnets, this is the place.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,7/30/2008,446,557,5,29,14>Because of the soft lighting, beige carpet, and classy furnishings, I felt like I was walking into a luxury store or salon, not a doctors' office. The exam/procedure rooms were also comfortable and relaxing--clean and appealing without the cold sterility you usually have in an office.  Austin PSI  adjoins a hospital, too, which is probably really convenient for more serious surgeries.  Last week, I had 2 weird marks on my leg corrected by Dr. Scott Haydon, and so far I am completely pleased with my experience.  He explains things thoroughly and has a pleasant, caring, professional demeanor. His receptionist dealt with the referral from my primary doctor and made scheduling easy.  The nurse was efficient and friendly as well.  I never had to wait when I arrived for my appointments.  Two of my friends have been very happy with their experiences with Dr. Wilder, another physician at Austin PSI, as well.This seems to be a well run business with a fabulous set up and excellent staff.  If I need plastic surgery in the future, I'll definitely go here again.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,7/29/2008,138,210,29,14,15>When I graduated from high school, my parents asked if I wanted a ring to commemorate the event. I declined, and asked instead for a watch I'd wanted: A gold Seiko that I wore until it--literally--fell apart.When I graduated from college (the first one in my immediate family to do so, BOOYAH!), they again asked if I'd like a ring to commemorate this significant event. Again, I declined. Instead I asked for a stainless/gold Tag Hauer watch that, at the time, ran about $750. And they got it at Russell Korman.I wore the SHIT out of it. But after many many battery changes (apparently, changing the battery anywhere but a Tag-certified jeweler can void the warranty) and about 18 yrs--and MUCH tough love--later, my beloved watch had bitten the proverbial dust, and I replaced it with several fashionable and functionable Fossil watches.But then, the nagging began.My mom:"Why don't you ever wear that pretty watch we bought you? We spent a LOT of money on that watch! You're an ungrateful skag!! Seriously! You must HATE me and plot to kill me in your sleep. You make this all so clear because you've ceased wearing The Watch."So, to shut my damn mother up. I challenged the folks at Russell Korman and said, "Do you think we can rebuild him?" And I'll be damned if they didn't take that neglected watch, take it apart, and lovingly rebuild it for me. And, $6 million* later? I was wearing my Super Bionic (tm) watch again. Proudly.My mother has now moved on to other things.So for this Russell Korman? Thank you and God bless.*$6 million was really like $275, which they estimated for me before the work ever began. And $275 to get my mom to STFU? TOTALLY worth it.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,7/28/2008,6,5,26,12,12>Those of you that have never waited with bated breath for a farm animal to take a dump on a pool table have clearly never been to Ginny's Little Longhorn on Chicken Shit Sunday.  For the uninitiated, this where a large bingo card is placed on a pool table along with a chicken and for a mere two dollars a bet, you can hope against hope that said chicken will shit on your number, winning you the pot.  Oh, and there are free chili dogs.I'd been to this weekly event a couple of times before, but my friend hadn't, so we sacrificed a lazy day on the couch for the quintessential Texan experience.  We drew numbers for the contest.  my friend got 20, while mine had a beautiful single stroke across the ticket.  This was "The Line."  You want "The Line."  Basically, the bingo board is a big grid with numbers and if the chicken shits on one of the grid lines, "The Line" takes the pot.  Ironically, I had just been complaining earlier how I had lost out to "The Line" once before when the chicken crapped all over my number, but a little was on the line and therefore "The Line" won.  I was pretty sure your odds were about 9 out of 10 of winning with "The Line."  I was stoked.We loaded up on Lone Star (well, Bud Light for those of us with taste buds) and set out to watch a chicken shit.  The room was tense with excitement as "Red" the chicken started pecking about, seemingly oblivious to the twenty or thirty people surrounding the cage.  Everyone would tense up as Red non-chalantly ambled over their number and then would let out a sigh as he pecked onward.  For me, however, every moment was tense as I tried calculate the trajectory of the anticipated chicken shit, hoping it would find its way to one of lines below.After about thirty minutes of this, Red had yet to do his business.  We tried to steady our resolve.  We had another beer. After forty minutes of this, I started suggesting that Red should be fed some Mexican food, maybe smoke a cigarette. After fifty minutes of this, I started to doubt that Red even had an asshole. After an hour, we gave up watching the damned chicken and went to drinking beer.  Sometime later, he finally squeezed one out, but alas, it wasn't on 20 or even "The Line." We left slightly disappointed, but all in all, it was a success.  It was a beautiful December day in Austin.  There was drinking, there was smoking, there was gambling, there were barnyard animals.  Oh, and free chili dogs.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,7/27/2008,233,322,5,9,8>UPDATE: I went here for the first time in months today for lunch.A few things have changed, but overall it's still probably one of my favorite sushi places in townYeah, they didn't have a liquor license for awhile. So? Is that a huge thing? You can't do two seconds of research and figure that out? Ok. No worries.They have beer, wine and sake now. You can still bring you own, but it's a $3 per person charge.No, this isn't your typical set-up. It's not old-school Japanese-looking place with all the bamboo and stuff. It's also not the nouveau uber sleek sushi grotto crap that people feel they're having good food because they're looking good and getting finacially raped.It's kinda like the "Little Miss Sunshine" of sushi bars. The set up is almost like you'd figure a little sushi "diner" would be. With weird little artwork that must be from a family member on the walls. WHO said they didn't have crab? WHO was it that said they had "shredded K-rab"? Bullshit, damn it. Perhaps you're used to "Krab stick" that comes with most california rolls in your "I can eat sushi as long as it's in Americanized roll form" world.The crab is crab. That's one of the things that is great about this place. They use real crab! Figure out your seafood, yo.UPDATE: Right....Well, today I was a little non-plussed in that two of my three rolls (all of which contained crab), were actually sporting  Krab. Maybe it's the food cost going up everywhere. Maybe it's the shortage of rice. Somehow, one of the rolls actually had crab in it. I don't know what made it different.Oh, and for anyone who is saying that their sushi is anything but fresh...I happen to have a freshness detector. My girlfriend. No, she's real. Really. She's really real.Thing is, if any fish is less than really fresh, she immediately begins having an allergic reaction. Hands swelling. Itchyness. Irritability.(Don't you dare tell her I said that!)We've not been back to a few sushi joints for this reason. This is her favorite place. Mine too. I still say, bow to the supreme sushi-ness!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,7/26/2008,78,61,25,19,16>You know that can't-stand-it-anymore moment? Like, when you are getting too fat for your clothes and you try on your "failsafe" stretch pants and even they strain and bulge on? Or when you desperately need a haircut and you walk by a store window and catch a glimpse of yourself as a woolly mammoth and realize, "my god, I look like Nick Nolte's crazed mug shot!" (you know the one I'm talking about)? Well, I achieved that moment with my feet last week, dear reader. Look, I'm really not at all one of those girly girls who get pedicures on a regular or even semi-regular basis. In fact, "pedicure" to me usually means I wash my feet in the shower, then halfheartedly slap some dirty clear Walgreen's-bought polish onto them and call it a day. But after wearing sandals constantly for about a month, I looked down at my feet the other day and by Jehovah, I had had enough. I think I even wrote in a chat over email "my feet sicken me. i can't take them anymore." So it was milk + honey to the rescue, for a Luxe Pedicure and a much-needed Deep Tissue Massage (they didn't have a sports massage, so this was the closest thing). Countrymen, it was nothing short of amazing! I have been to some pretty swank salons and spas in my time, and there was just something about milk + honey that did the neat trick of making me feel cozy and relaxed as well as super fancy and rockstah-ish. You walk in and the surroundings are very zen - polished wood shelves, modern art and decor and just a really nice vibe in general. Immediately I was taken back to the women's locker room, where I was shown to my locker (oh yes, my very own) and given a comfy terry cloth robe and slippers to wear. I was instructed to wait in the waiting area (low lit, pleasant tao-ness, I must say) and given a complimentary glass of cucumber water (can I pour this over my body please? kthxbye). The MassageAt first I was dismayed to see, when my masseur came and fetched me, that he was pretty hot, thinking I would prefer less distraction and not worrying whether he was disgusted about kneading the cellulite on my legs and more relaxation, but I soon found that he was the utmost pro, getting out all the soreness from my boot camp the previous week and making sure he didn't hurt my calves, which were singing out in pain from Satanic calf raises and step-ups. I even found out he was from the same hometown as my boyfriend, which served both to remind me I had a boyfriend and as a nice conversation piece in which to discuss Jessica Simpson (she is also from Richardson, TX). All in all, I felt like complete jello by the time I sidled back to the dressing room to change back into street clothes and ready myself for...The PedicureNow, this is where I had a little bit of embarassment. More due to my haphazard, slatternly habits than anything else, but I took one star off because I am a sensitive, paranoid person and get easily humiliated (don't look at me that way!). See, the Luxe Pedicure consists not only of the actual toe painting, but also foot scrubbing, followed by parafin wax exfoliating, followed by a massage. Oh, did I mention I'm super ticklish? And that the skin on the top of my feet is super sensitive? Oh yeah, did I forget to say that there are impenetrable, disgusting callouses on the bottom of my feet from years and years of running, made worse by lack of pedicures or care? Ok, well yeah, then there's that. So after the nail lady got her own arm workout trying to hold my feet down because they kept jumping every time she touched the bottoms, then me cringing in pain when she feverishly worked at filing off the callouses, then me screaming "BURN! I'M BURNING!" when the parafin wax bag went over my foot, um, she kind of gave up. Poor girl. It was the end of the day and I don't think she knew (I certainly didn't realize that for me, Luxe meant Torture Chamber) what she was getting into. "This is not very relaxing for you," she said while giving me an exasperated look. Lady, you probably never spoke a truer word.I will say that despite my humiliation at having hobbit feet that apparently couldn't be correctly pampered, she did a bang-up job with the polish AND she told the front desk to only charge me for the Mini-Pedi, which saved me about $20. That was really, really nice and a sweet little unexpected touch that overall cemented the awesome experience I had here. I will DEFIINTELY go back. Here's a tip, people - go later in the day (I went around 5:30pm on a Saturday) because after 5, the valet guy takes down the sign and you can parallel park for free. Also? Go early and then walk around the corner for a coffee at Jo's, then window shop to kill time. Just a suggestion. Now, I don't know about you but I can't stop looking at my feet without a smile of delight. Which, coming from me, is something of a miracle. Kind of like turning water into wine. Or milk into honey. Oh hell, you get the point.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,7/25/2008,38,65,11,10,13>The only thing that could make the Whip In better is if it had a dirty book store attached, sold boiled peanuts and lowered their prices.  Other than that, the place is a charming compliment to the I-35 corridor and an easy spot to make it to make it to after I have been drinking at home.Amazing beer selection, lot of wines to choose from, and helpful staff.Be sure to pick up one of their posters for your office, refrigerator, etc...
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,7/23/2008,324,543,13,24,14>Austin, meet Trendy Concept."Trendy Concept, welcome!" says Austin. "Please modify yourself to be Austin's cup of tea. If not, you will not survive."You may have heard of Pinkberry and other fancy frozen yogurt shops that have been springing up nationwide. Well, now our fair city has one of its own. My only worry is that it feels too much like an import to be readily embraced.The frozen yogurt kicks TCBY's butt and then some. The toppings are yummy as can be -- lots of fresh fruits, nuts (almonds, walnuts, pine nuts), chocolate chips, granola, et cetera. You put toppings on your bowl yourself.The atmosphere is nothing short of adorable. Sort of mish-mashily adorable, but definitely cute. The counter with the topping bar is metallic holographic glitter, the tables and bulbous chairs look like something you'd find in a little cafe in Japan, and the plant-and-rock ... thing in the middle of the place is unusual but kind of cool, too.The cups are going to be kind of expensive. The small, which I had (for free, on the soft opening (11/28/07)!), was about the same size as a small cup anywhere else, and was $4. For that price I'd rather have gelato that was pre-flavored than mixing in a couple blueberries, raspberries and slivered almonds into a cup of (flavorful, tangy, milky and rich) yogurt.The owner seemed really nice. He also seemed VERY nervous about his new place, which was empty when I walked in. He was eager to give out samples. He's looking for people to work there, and I'm betting it'd be a good, easy job, as people do the toppings themselves. You can come here and load on the chocolate chips, or you can enjoy it plain. Good either way, I bet!Not sure when I'll be back, considering the cost and how often I buy ice cream at all, but I recommend it!I was craving this stuff for days, so I went back. Note on pricing: It's by the tenth of an ounce -- they round to 10 cents per tenth, so my 2.8 ounce treat, the perfect size (with lots of berries and almonds, again!) was $2.80.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,7/22/2008,50,415,17,12,13>I don't know what it is about Half Price books.... but every time I walk in here I have to pee. It's like a Pavlovian response.... . Too much information? Maybe..... but they have a nice bathroom, and it's nice to know I could find a book on Dr. Pavlov in the store if I wanted to research my condition. I always check Half Price Books before heading to Barnes and Noble, Borders, or Book People. You'd be surprised at how many times they've had the book I've been looking for. Unfortunately asking for help or calling ahead isn't an option. They don't have an "inventory", they just price them and put them on the shelves.  They only get 4 stars because sometimes they can charge a lot for an obviously older and outdated book. Also, their bathroom is nice, but not soundproof, and the bookstore is obviously quite. I run the water as a distraction.... I would rather people think I'm washing my hands for 2 minutes then hear me peeing (I'm fooling nobody...).
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,7/20/2008,704,840,14,18,17>Me:  Hi.  Where are the Jessica S greeting cards?Sales girl:  Um...who?Me:  Oh.  I don't know her last name but her first name is Jessica.Sales girl:  Ah.  Jessica _____.  Me:  Sure.Sales girl:  Okay, right over here. (walking towards the rack)Me:  Great.Sales girl:  Uh, I think right over here...(fumbling through the rack)Me:  Cool.Sales girl:  Well, I *thought* we had some...(still fumbling)Me: Okay.Sales girl:  I don't see any...(continued fumbling)Me:  Are you sure?Sales girl:  Yep.  We're out.Me:  Damn.  So, I purchased several other cute greeting cards but I wanted to support a fellow (what's the feminine word for that?) yelper and had heard Jessica S's cards were very cool.  While I was there, a jewelry designer came in with some stunning pieces to place in the store.  After the sales girl oohed and aahed over the necklaces and earrings for about 15 minutes, she finally told the designer they did not have room for any more jewelry.  So, posing as a jewelry stalker, I followed the designer to her car and purchased a gorgeous Australian white opal bracelet and pair of earrings for under $60.  Tobi D. was a witness to this bold act.  That was another plus.  I met one of the sweetest, most genuine yelpers evah!  Tobi D. rocks!This is a cute place that sells only Texas made items: jewelry, purses, t-shirts and clothing.  Everything is fun and unique.  Prices are a little more than some stores but consider that you will be buying something special that no one else might have.  I will be back for some t-shirts and hopefully some Jessica S cards.  My nieces will love this place!
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,7/19/2008,61,114,21,14,20>One star patrons. Two star pizza.Three star location.Four star prices.Five star staff.But also...five star adventures.I will explain each of these in turn.After handling a wild bird (I will get to this later), I went to wash my hands. The ladies' was unlocked, but was occupied by the Olsen twins, one of whom was vomiting into the sink, the other applying eyeliner while quelling a cocaine-induced nosebleed. Okay, it wasn't really the Olsen twins, but the two girls were equally emaciated and rivaling the downtrodden former child stars in their boho bag-lady chic style, laden with chunky flea market jewelry, expensive scarves, and handbags large enough to hide an elephant gun in. Also, did I mention the vomit and the cocaine? Yeah. I ducked into the men's to get the bird flu off my fingers.Once my manos were sufficiently scrubbed down, I partook in the plain cheese pizza I had ordered. It was blase (does that work? Can the pizza itself be blase, or do I have to be blase about it? My grasp on the English language diminishes...) and perhaps some toppings would have enlivened it somewhat, but as it was just pretty bad plain cheese pizza.We had ordered plain cheese because of our limited funds, my friend and I, and we spiced it up as best we could with peppers and Parmesan...it sufficed. And it was pretty big and pretty cheap - only twelve dollars, if I recall.The girl working behind the counter that day was sweet and absolutely beautiful, wearing a hand-embellished t-shirt and sporting some very pretty tattoos. She was approachable and very friendly. I had an instant little crush, a little crush that was further cemented by her compassionate and helpful response to my friend Jes and I having discovered a struggling fledgling sparrow flopping around unhappily in their sunken patio.We secured a Mountain Dew box from the pretty counter girl, and I coaxed the little fellow inside, where he peeped and chirped a melancholy song while we devoured our late lunch. (Later, with the support of Austin's Pizza staffers, we would do the right thing, which is put the fledgling into the grass and wait for its parents to come and help him out with food gathering - sometimes older baby birds spend a few awkward days outside the nest before they master flight, and their parents still provide an assist: also contrary to popular belief, birds will not reject a babe that has been replaced in its nest, if the case is such that the bird has fallen out - our little guy already had feathers and was making some worthy attempts at aviation, but he just hadn't gotten the hang of adult life quite yet - sort of like those of us who occasionally had to ask our folks for rent money when we were in our early twenties).So, in short: the staff rocks, and will help with anything. Watch out for the restrooms. Get toppings or be prepared for ultimate blandness. And keep an eye out for baby birds.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,7/18/2008,73,207,18,11,14>Where's my damn luggage?? That sums up my only true complaint.  I have no idea what the "system" is for getting luggage from the plane to the baggage carousel.  My guess is 1) smoke a big bowl while the passengers disembark, 2) start unloading the plane,3) giggle for about 10 minutes at a fart joke, 4) say 'oh shit, we gotta get these outta here', 5) get lost on the way, 6) hit the can before 7) putting the bags onto the belts.But really, that's it.This airport is SO reflective of the city...and that is way cool.   Name one other airport that:not only has live music in the bars, but the musicians are playing their own tunes (most of the time) instead of crappy covers of Margaritaville or Love Shack,   features a bunch of actual local restaurants instead of nothing but a choice between some sort of cheaply thrown together "theme" restaurant or fast food,has such short security lines that you are almost always going through in under 5 minutes,and is so easy to navigate that even your blind 85-year old grandmother can find her way to and from the gate.There aren't enough direct flights yet, but I think that's changing.  All in all, I can't think of another airport anywhere that I'd rather regularly fly in and out of.Now put down the spliff and get me my damn luggage, will you?
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,7/17/2008,44,31,6,9,8>OK. This is a toss up. If you are new to Austin, or just visiting, you definitely need to go to Hey Cupcake for the 'experience'. It is not often you go to a cool town, in a cool SoCo area, pull up to a airstream trailer, and get a yummy cupcake. Hey Cupcake just fits in so well with SoCo. I wish I had a trailer next door to it, in the same parking lot, but I hear that someone is coming in there with frozen custard or something like that.  All I can say is I love cash businesses....Anyway, I got off track. The cupcake I had was excellent. The icing was a bit rich for my personal liking, so I could only finish half of the cupcake. Or perhaps that was because I had taken bites from my entire family's cupcakes too??? hmmmm. Could be that.My son had the whip cream blasted into the center. He said it was just too much to add to the already rich cupcake. To sum it up, I will visit again when I am on SoCo and want to ruin my diet for the day.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2008,7/16/2008,368,209,13,11,15>Ironically, I didn't drink any coffee during my visit to Thunderbird Coffee. But what I did have was scrumptious! Their Aroyo de Seco panini was one of the best sandwiches I think I've tasted in a long time. Melted provolone cheese, chicken and roasted tomatoes. Bread toasted with those mysterious Panini stripes. Yum! And, side salad; oh side salad, of mixed lettuce greens and dressing. Your simplicity inspired fantasies of filling up a swimming pool with you and eating my way out. The dressing was that good! The salsa and chips were delicious too. The salsa tasted fresh and had just the right amount of heat to inspire several trips to the bar for $1 Lone Star beers. Yes, I did use $1 and beer in the same sentence.  $1 after 7 p.m. $2 before 7 p.m. Speaking of beer at a coffee shop, if you're torn between caffeine and alcohol, try the Guinness with an espresso shot. My friend Mick let me take a sip of his--wowsa--it packs a punch!My friends and I sat outside on the deck, enjoying the lukewarm Texas breeze and listening to our friends Paula Jean Brown and Annabella sing beautiful music while attempting to drown out the ubiquitous sounds of Harleys driving up and down Koenig--this weekend is the Republic of Texas Biker Rally (ROT Biker Rally).It was a fun evening and the best part is Thunderbird Coffee is on my way home from work--next time I think  I'll try their coffee.UPDATE: Since I now can't go anywhere without yelping about it, these were my drunken observations written on a Wells Fargo money envelope found minutes ago in my purse from last night: "Live music is so revalant (I'm sure I meant "prevalent") it's taken for granted, much like San Diegans, who have access to the ocean only to see it when company comes to town. How amazing is it that we live in a town where live music mingles with apathy and internet" . Sober translation: I think I couldn't believe we had awesome live music outside while people inside were oblivious to it all.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,7/15/2008,155,339,9,19,12>I had been to Madras Pavilion a few times for lunch - love the buffet, and it's not often I'm known to speak those words. I went for dinner tonight with my husband and we had the dinner for two. Great soup, appetizer (fried veg-potato frittery things), great flatbread, saag paneer, and some other curries I didn't recognize but really enjoyed. Love me a dosa! My husband had never had one before and really enjoyed it. We're usually unabashed carnivores, but we really enjoyed the meat free-experience at Madras Pavilion.My only complaint is the service was a bit inattentive for an empty restaurant with waitresses to spare.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,7/14/2008,11,42,4,7,8>Located just a short walk from my home, I've been going to Torchy's on South 1st ever since it opened.  I can't give it higher regards.  Awesome tacos, sauces, and atmosphere (even allows you to BYOB).  My favorites are the Republican, the Fried Avocado, and of course the Green Chili Pork.  For sauces, go with spicy orange on the Repub, poblano ranch on the Avocado, and green on the Pork.  Only downside lately is all the yuppies that have been overcrowding it as it has gotten so popular.  No worries though, I just call in my order now since I have the menu memorized, and my food is ready to go by the time I walk there.Oh yeah, and BRING BACK THE CUT BAIT!!!! BEST TACO EVAH!!!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,7/12/2008,259,232,11,8,9>Living in Texas in the summertime makes me want to wear frozen underwear, sit in a kiddie pool in my living room, and watch early 1990s The Real World on repeat until October comes. But then I remember Sno Beach, and life is okay again. Every summer I promise myself that I am going to try every single flavor they have. They have maybe 40, ranging from Sour Apple to Tiger's Blood to Leche Quemada. And then I get there and think, oh snap, I gots to get my Cafe Latte with Cream or I will regret that shit all day. So I do. Change scares me. Although I have branched out and gotten the Sour Apple with Caramel topping--needless to say, it's like a frozen caramel apple trip to the State Fair of Texas--no drugs needed!If you want to go frozen balls to the wall, combine that shit. The best is Chocolate and Cafe Latte combined with Cream. Or Butterscotch and Cafe Latte with Cream. Actually, a homeless man's belly button sweat would taste good if combined with Cafe Latte.So head on down to any location: UT, Fiesta Supermarket, or Barton Springs. Depending on your mood, tip the sorority girls in short shorts who work there. Sometimes they make my sno juicy, and sometimes I get juicy-less ice in the middle and I feel a murderous rage well up inside me. But that's what sno cones are for. They calm the rage, and soothe the spirit.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2008,7/11/2008,70,324,5,13,14>Finally--an Austin wine bar that feels like it's in Austin! (And it's two blocks from our place!!!) Uncorked is in it's soft opening phase until June 28. They have a great space in an old house that is somehow cozy and airy at the same time, a lovely and extensive wine list that ranges from about $6 to $15 for a glass, and really fun and friendly owners and staff. (Did I mention the patio? Because I can't wait to try it out!)The two owners are native Texans (an Austinite and a Houstonian) who lived in San Francisco, fell in love with wine, and recently moved back home. They've done a great job with the space. And they are really nice and love teaching people about wine. In addition to wine, there are six of seven Texas beers on the menu, plus two cheese boards (the one we got was huge--a bargain at $12), a charcuterie platter, and a pate platter in case you're feeling nibbley. They don't have wines by the taste or flight yet, but I'm guessing (and hoping) that might come latter.  Cheers to our first East Austin wine bar!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,7/10/2008,31,47,1,12,12>This is an absolute treat for anyone who goes. I went to their "International Vegetarian: France" class and had a blast. Not only were my taste buds treated to great cuisine, but I also learned quite a bit about basic cooking skills. They give you all the recipes to take home, and after every dish is prepared we get to have some. It ended up being like a five course meal! At the end of the class, my belly was full, but not stuffed. It's pretty much like being live in the audience of a cooking school, except it's smaller and more interactive. The chef that taught the class was very knowledgeable (she had around 22 years experience as a chef), and she happily answered any questions you had about the preparation process. The pricing is reasonable for the classes they offer. My class cost $40 for 3.5 hours and a full course meal. Some of the other classes they offer are a little more expensive, but that depends on if it's a couples class or a hands on class. Normally, their classes can range from $40-$65. It's best to make reservations as soon as you can because the classes can fill up fast. If you're interested, just visit centralmarket.com and click on cooking school on the left part of the page.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,7/9/2008,94,126,14,11,13>When I think of a pub, this is what  comes to mind. A mind boggling tap line (with TWO kinds of Fuller's!), dark woody atmosphere, and carved tables. I came for a DYL happy hour (which turned into a happy evening) which was a blast. It started in the bar but, like all good parties, ended up in the yard (parking lot) with the dogs. A good time was had by all even if we did blow off the warnings of an apocalyptic storm brewing: "There's a twister in Burnett."" IN Burnett or ON Burnett?""IN Burnett,""Oh, OK. Who wants another beer?"..and so it went long into the night.I'm knocking off a star for not having 20oz. pint glasses and for not having Newcastle on Draft. I can overlook this and I'll definitely add this to my list of favorite watering holes.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,7/8/2008,141,179,4,15,12>This is a review for Nails Pure & Natural which is part of the WS. It's an "eco-chic" nail salon. It actually smells good in here. No formaldehyde, toluene, or dibutyl phthalate products at all. They boast surgically sterilized instruments (sealed for each client) and fresh-flowing water for all pedicures (no standing-water basins).I hadn't had my nails done in, say, 7 years. I'm not much of a nail gal but my sister treated me and our mom to a manicure, so of course I was game. It was a very pleasant experience to be in a no-fume nail salon. The ceiling is vaulted, maybe 20 feet, and the walls are a soothing celery green. The woman who did my nails was an expert with 20 plus years of experience. Our nails looked terrific after the session. I got a peek at a deluxe pedicure in action--the client enjoyed a lower leg sugar-salt scrub and was massaged and buffed in a plush looking chair while viewing a runway fashion show on the flatscreen TV. My sister surprised me with a GC for a pedicure! I guess my pedicure envy was fairly evident. I'm looking forward to the return visit so much.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,7/7/2008,179,276,61,15,29>I was walking by and was caught off-guard by the scent of patchoulli wafting in the air. What sort of store is this that has such earthy aromas, and very colorful cosmic mural art on its facade? The "K", I thought must be Vitamin-K, the nutrient found in leafy greens and so this place must be some sort of herbs and plant supply shop.Indeed it was! Inside I found the most colorful and psychadelic-looking collection of plant vases I have ever seen. Expertly blown glass and very creative shapes! They had intricate tubes and many different ways to put water in them. There was a particularly interesting mushroom-shaped vase with a devil girl on it--the guy tried explaining to me how it worked but he lost me when he started talking about how to do "monster rips".I also saw what looked like a hydroponic growing kit-- hah, good luck with that guys. Austin has great plant growing conditions, what would anyone need that for?I looked through the magazine section and found a gardening publication called HIGH TIMES. I had no idea Snoop Dogg was a gardener! He had the most lovely collection of what looked like thyme or oregano. How does he get it so green?The frustrating part was actually trying to buy some plants. I learned they don't actuall sell any plants there. They were super tight-lipped about it and I felt like I would get kicked out if I kept asking. Geez.All in all great store. The only weird thing was that for plant supply shop, they sure had a lot of sex toys.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,7/6/2008,344,274,24,26,19>Hi my name is Don and I'm addicted to the Schlotzsky's Turkey Chef salad.I've literally had it 10 times in the last 10 days and I'm seriously heading out now to get another.$3.99.  Are you KIDDING me?  That's so cheap for how good it is.  Bacon (yes Ryan), smoked turkey, two kinds of grated cheese, red onions, cherry tomatoes, a peppercini, and lettuce.  It's SO awesome.If you want to really pig out, add the kids meal.  You get a small pizza (pepperoni or cheese), a cookie, and a small drink.  $2.99Yep... so if you get both it's $8.56**I could stop any time.**Post-salad "Blizzard" not included
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2007,7/5/2008,82,125,12,6,10>I'm a movement by myself, but  I'm a force when we're together. I do good all by myself, but baby you, you make me better.... That is what I whisper into the ear of the Whole Foods salad bar as I grab the white tongs and begin to put together a fascinating puzzle of health.  First I tong some spinach salad into the right side of the box and top it with beets, carrots, tomatoes and edamame.  Now I must build a barrier separating the leafy salad from all the other stuff.  I put four or five green beans and three or four asparagus spears into the box, just to the left of the salad, but not in the middle, building a nice little wall.  With my finger, I push the green bean wall as close to the salad as possible, making a tight little fortress.Then, what I'll do is put some artichoke hearts into the top left corner of the container and two marinated mushrooms.  One mushroom will usually fall off toward the green bean wall so I squeeze a Dolma in between the fallen mushroom and the wall.  Everything is tight again.Now I need some protein.  I used to tong some pulled chicken into the bottom left side, just beneath the artichoke salad, but found it to be very dry.  I dabbled with some solutions like adding a little ball sack vinegar...I mean, Balsamic vinaigrette to the chicken, but nothing seemed to work, in fact, it was harming the integrity of the salad.  What to do?  I need my protein and I'm not doing the Tofu thing just yet.  Not that I don't like Tofu, I do, I'm just not ready to substitute at this point in the journey.I digress..I decided it was time to go bar hopping.  That's when I found this missing piece of the puzzle.  The Asian Chicken salad.  It was moist, had flavor and made itself at home in the bottom right side of my box.I might throw a piece of pulled chicken on top of the Asian chicken for good measure and old times sake.  One piece, that's it.  A small valley will form in between Mt. Artichoke and Mt. Asian Chicken that I will fill with a pasta salad of some sort.  Probably the one with Salmon in it.  I'm not real strict about this.  This is where I exercise the loose, swingin side of my personality.  In the pasta salad valley I construct the small town of Cous Cous complete with a bar called the Black Olive.Now, I take my new veggie universe and walk over to one of the scales on the counter over by the hot plate section.  Protecting my baby masterpiece from all the vultures whirling around with their novice creations, I place it on the scale.  I do this to let everyone know how dead serious I am and to put them all in check.  All eyes are on me as I do this by the way.  Now that everybody knows who the Boss is I weigh The Salad.  It absolutely can weigh no more than 1.34lbs at $7.99 a lb.I get a Yerba Mate and a newspaper and wait in line like everybody else, even though The King should skip to the front.And I am the King of the Whole Foods salad bar, lest you not know.  I announce my reign here and now.  If any fool cares to challenge me I can be found Sunday afternoons ruling my Kingdom.  I'll be the guy sitting there with the salad that glows.  The guy with the haughty look in his eye and the smirk on his face that suggests I"m better than you.  Not that I am better than you, I only think I am... or rather I think my salad is cooler than yours.  :)
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,7/4/2008,121,212,14,13,13>I had dinner at Moonshine a few moons ago, and it was okay.  Pretty good, not great.  I ordered what is reputedly Dubya's favorite dish, the flatiron steak.  It was tough and disappointing.  Much like Dubya's presidency.  But I digress.My second visit was to last Sunday's brunch.This brunch buffet was a little like heaven.  The selection was IMMENSE.  So immense, that I took it as a personal challenge to try each and every item.  I did not fail.  Nay, I owned this buffet.And while I'm not in the business of giving unsolicited advice - I feel that my total mastery of this buffet on my very first attempt not only qualifies me, but actually charges me, with the responsibility of passing on my knowledge to you fine people.  So, let me start with lesson one, and just share a brief word of caution about portion control.  Take a small portion of everything the first time through.  I know, I know.  Just trust.If you hit it too hard, you won't make it through.  Nor will you possess the will to go back for seconds of the stuff that really blew your taste buds.  Keep some room in the tank for later.Okay, that's it for the don'ts.  Easy enough.  Here are the do's: Do get a helping of white chocolate bread pudding, every time you leave the table - no exceptions.  Do buy a cup of coffee - it's quite pleasant.  Do grab a couple turkey pesto croissants.  Do hit the chicken fried steak and chicken strips, with gravy, and - hell - throw a mini-biscuit under there while you're at it.  Cinnamon roll.  Morning glory muffin - I didn't even know what the hell it was - it was awesome: do it.  Blueberry muffin.  Banana walnut bread.  Some other kind of bread I can't remember.Basically, everything on the dessert table (waffles optional) - do it.  And...might as well reload the bread pudding again while you're there.  Mmmkay?One other valuable tip for you guys - eat dessert early.  Go ahead and load a small plate right after you've filled your main plate, on your way to the table for round 1.  Then you can hit the second half of the buffet for round 2, finish that, then go back for seconds for round 3, and hit another mini-dessert plate at the end.   Now, I'm not a nutritionist, but here's the way I figure it: you're body's going to be a bit overloaded by the task of digesting all this food.  Just being realistic here.  So you're going to be pretty wasted here in about 30-40 minutes, and believe me, it's just going to get worse.  What you'll need is energy, my friend.Sooo, how my little technique works - obviously - is to hit a generous portion of simple dessert carbs at the start of the meal to deliver a quick energy spike to help you digest all the tasty fats and proteins you're about to knock down.  Then, after you've digested all of that, you're definitely going to crash - and hard.  That's where the post-meal carbs come in.  A little time-released pick-me-up, you dig?  And for a little extra kick, wash it down with some of that tasty coffee.  They are good about refilling that coffee, God bless 'em.  Now this is not to say that you won't experience a crash and/or food coma - you will.  This little trick will make sure you make it into work Monday morning, though.I suggest you bring your eating pants, and don't expect to go anywhere or do anything - or even move much - for the rest of the day.  Just lower those expectations right now.   If you have errands to run, things to do - well, honestly you should have planned ahead and gotten it done on Saturday - it's not getting done today.  You may want to shower beforehand, if you plan to at all, because that's certainly not going to happen afterward.  And, though I personally feel I was safe to drive home from Moonshine brunch - you may want to go ahead a call a taxi to be on the safe side.  Just looking out.Now, as to housekeeping matters, I see some different info here in the Yelp reviews.  The buffet is $15.99 as of my visit May 2008, but honestly, most of you probably won't eat again for 24-36 hours afterward, so it's cheaper than McDonald's if you average it out.  If you enjoy morning cocktails, the mimosas and bloody marys were just $3 according to my wife.  I really wasn't paying attention.  To me it's a bit foolish to distract oneself from the task of eating by sipping cocktails, but if it works for you, by all means.10am is gametime.  Get out there, get in line, and get your gamefaces on, or you'll be eating my scraps.  See you at the Moonshine!
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,7/3/2008,476,262,34,30,53>You know that story of the old lady who calls the fire department to come and get her cat out of a tree?  I always thought it was a bit silly.  Just enforced the notion of  "scaredy cat" who climbs so high he cannot get down.  Who would ever call the fire department about a cat?We went on vacation and had our cat-loving friend come over to the house and feed all 5 of our babies.  Mind you, I always considered myself a "dog person" and I was raised to believe that there ARE "dog people" and "cat people."  When I met My Sweetie, and learned of the 5 cats, I did pause.  I am allergic to cat dander.  But I fell in love with all 5, sneezes and all.  My favorite was Jan which is pronounced "Yawn" - so shy and skittish that "Yawn" really described him well.  Sleepy but aware, painfully shy. This was one cat who never needed anyone.  The other cats were pretty open about asking for help when they needed something.  Not Jan.  He seemed afraid of the other cats, especially the alpha male who Jan would never  look at, EVER.When we returned from vacation, 4 kitties were happy to see us but not Jan. Disappeared. We thought we heard a cat's slight meow when we walked around the backyard.  Haunted by Jan, the memory of the little shy gray persian smooshed face beauty, we went about our lives.  Still, every now and again we thought we heard his cry.  This was not a constant "meow" but we heard it once at say, 2 in the morning and another time at 6 a.m. Whoever heard it though, said it was clear even if it was ONE meow.  Memories... he has run away to another family who WASN'T on vacation.One night at around midnight as we were trying to get the kiddos to bed, we all heard it.  All four of us at one time and we all screamed.  We ran to the back porch and there it was again.  A shadow of a whimper of a "meow"  and it was coming from under the deck in the backyard.  We got out the lights and sent our boy under the deck searching for Jan. Boy Wonder said he saw him, but every time he would try and reach for him, he would skittish away. SO SHY.  Not wanting to ask for help. SO NEEDING HELP.  What to do?  Rip up the deck.  It is midnight and we are going to rip up our deck.  We have to.  NOW.  The four of us look around for tools and then we realize this is a job for professionals.  People who know what they are doing.   We might hurt him as we rip into the deck with the Sawsall, hammers, and sundry tools that we were frantically gathering but... who to call? At approximately midnight:thirty the XXXL fire-engine-red fire truck pulls up to our house.  I know our neighbors were completely freaking out.  Four burly firemen quickly rip up our back deck and find a very emaciated grey furr ball who always looked sad in that persian sad kind of way but now looked REALLY sad as he tried to evade capture.  He was TINY.  This was 2 weeks after our vacation ended, and we were on vacation for 2 weeks.  His collar had gotten caught on a nail under the deck and he had tried to escape it but it had wrapped around his right front leg and he had rubbed the area raw trying to get out of this strange jail.  All of the skin was GONE - raw like when you cut a chicken breast.  Shocking. And the smell...The guys from the fire station just kindly stared at the 4 of us bawling our eyes out... Jan, what has happened to our Yanny Pooh?  Really, looking back at it, I think they were some of the kindest, strongest, bravest men in the world.  I AM NOT EXAGGERATING!  HUGS FOR EVERYONE!!!!They saved our scaredy cat and for that I will always love them.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2008,7/2/2008,174,158,5,10,6>Went to the Melting Pot for my 13 year old's birthday.  She had been there before and really wanted to go.  The restaurant has nice aesthetics and they put us into a private room which was very comfortable.  The wait staff talked us into doing one of their combo offerings at ~$85 per combo (feeds two to three they said).  We ordered three combos and we had WAY too much food for 8 people.  The order had an appetizer, main meal, and then chocolate dessert.  Our meal was relatively good but it was a lot of work and there was a ton of wasted food.  I was more tired then full!I think that this is a great place for dessert or for an adult meal.  I'm not convinced that this was a good choice for a kid's birthday.  Glad I tried it, will definitely come back with my wife for a chocolate fondue dessert treat, won't bring the kids back...
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,7/1/2008,184,184,36,16,22>: LookYou are in a strip mall parking lot.  There is a door to the west.  The shrieking of traffic on Lamar is at your back.: Open doorYou open the door and walk inside.  There are brand new comics directly in front of you.  To the north, there are high shelves covered in independent offerings.  To the northwest you can see mainstream comics.: NorthwestYou walk between the indie offerings to the back.  There is a large empty space where backstock may have once been, and will likely return in the future.  In front of your there is a wall covered in t-shirts.  To the south you can see a cove filled with wondrous action figures and collectibles.  : Buy comicsYou don't have any comics.: Take comicsYou compile an assortment of comics and graphic novels.  This amount of reading materials will last you for days!: Take shirtYou select a thin garment made of cotton to cover your nakedness.  It is emblazoned with a familiar logo.: ExitYou should really pay for that before you leave.: BuyYou trundle up to the cash register with your bounty and pay the friendly shopkeeper.  You exit the store. : Get in carYou enter your vehicle and put it in reverse.: LookThere are several cars traveling at high velocity down either side of the road.: WaitYou wait for an opening in traffic.  : WaitYou wait for an opening in traffic.: WaitYou wait for an opening in traffic.: LookThere appears to be an opening in traffic.: Back up onto LamarIt is very dangerous.  You are likely to be eaten by a grue.: LookOnce again you check your rear view mirror.  There does appear to be an opening in traffic.: Back up onto LamarYou have been eaten by a grue.(S)tart, (R)etry, (Q)uit?:
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2008,6/30/2008,288,258,20,14,18>A few weekends ago my friends and I got our drunk on downtown.  Shocking, I know!!!  Not wanting to wait the customary 30 minutes in the Whataburger drive through, my brilliant friend mentions La Mexicana is open 24 hours and suggested we go there."Hold the phone!  That place is open 24 hours???  That's brilliant, let's do this, son!" Somehow, the nice girl at the counter was able to decipher my seriously slurred Spanish as I ordered three breakfast tacos and about a pound of my favorite Mexican pastries.  The wait here was about half as long as Whataburger's, but, at least I could see the folks making my food in the back as opposed to the thawing then serving action I'd get elsewhere.  The barbacoa was awesome, and their pico was spicy enough it coulda slapped the drunk off anyone (had they been only half as wasted as I was).  I even got hit on while stuffing my face with a pumpkin empanada.  How's that for a bonus!  So, I say thank you to La Mexicana, your food makes my belly happy and your drunken patrons make a gal feel like she's still got it goin' on!
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,6/29/2008,27,84,37,20,25>Like a transcendental-meditation guru who secretly watches the Family Guy to relax; like an English professor who craves Archie Comics; like a nutritionist who harbors a deep, insatiable love of fried Spam: I am a Los-Angeles-born, surf-board-slinging beach-girl who just can't get enough of this "Texas" business and, in particular, all the opportunities to shoot inanimate objects.Eagle Peak Shooting Range, however---even judged by my fairly inexperienced, never-seen-a-gun-before-in-my-life-before-recently standards---is clearly a rare gem.  It's unreasonably inexpensive: $10/day to shoot all you want---on the pistol range, rifle range, or shooting skeet (plus $10 for your membership card the first time you come).  It's very big, well managed, and staffed by a helpful, if frighteningly Second-Amendment-obsessed, staff.Most importantly, however: an Osama-Bin-Laden target is only $2 extra.  The entirety of this great country's military-industrial machinery couldn't put a bullet in Mr. Bin Laden; you, however, can do it as much as you want, all day, for $2 plus the cost of admission.  I'm really not supposed to have this much fun shooting terrorists; and, okay fine, I probably wouldn't be admitted if they had a "No Ironic Pistol-Slingers" sign at the door; but, seriously, this place is fantastic.  It's cheap.  It's big.  It's out in the middle of nowhere.   After a day of shooting things, getting your jeans dusty, getting hit in the face with flying shells and pumping your terrorist-target full of little holes, you will go home singing "America, F*ck Yeah!" at the top of your lungs---and, for a few minutes at least, really, really mean it.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,6/28/2008,849,1374,,9,7>If you need personalized bags with the skyline of your city (many to choose from) go to this site. This is where we got our cool bags with the San Francisco skyline (and our names and wedding date) for our out-of-town wedding guests. They were a really good price and so much more unique than the other ones you can buy online. My mother-in-law said the people here were really easy to work with, too, and were very helpful when she made the order. Everything arrived right away, too, and looked great. According to their website, this business is located in Allegra's Bridal and Invitations.SF skyline bag is on this page:favorsyoukeep.com/welcomThe oatmeal sage color scheme (with the flower ribbon) on the bottom of the left hand corner of this page is also nice (this is the color scheme we used). The picnic basket box at the bottom of this page is also cute: favorsyoukeep.com/welcom
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,6/27/2008,56,92,11,18,18>Now this is yet another reason why I love Austin.I get a call from a friend letting me know that his accountant's son's band is playing at this place. I ask what genre of music they'll be playing and the answer is "indie".  Sounds good. He also mentions that they do set-ups here.  Now, in my experience, bars that do set-ups tend to have a bit more personality than those that don't. Carousel Lounge is no exception. So I grab a plastic bottle of Soju that I brought back from Korea and head on over to this fine establishment.I learned a few things about this bar.1. It has a really cool vibe. - There were people of absolutely all types here.  The age range was breathtaking.  Proving once and for all that everyone can get behind a little indie rock with a creepy circus backdrop.2. So.  Cheap.  - Seriously.  If you're looking for an inexpensive evening, this is it.  Some might say "you get what you pay for", but I'd disagree wholeheartedly.  It''s dive-tastic in every way.3. Setups are great! - I can't say i've had orange juice soju drinks anywhere else in Austin.  Perhaps soju importing is a new business worth starting.Bottom line - If you live in Austin, you NEED to check this place out.  "Keep Austin Weird" will have new meaning to you afterward.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,6/26/2008,136,153,14,16,19>I'm a child of the '80s. (As in, I was actually a child able to comprehend events and participate in goings-on...not a bebe) In this rough-and-tumble world, we sometimes can forget those simpler times when video games only really existed in giant standing wooden box form and those striped white athletic knee socks weren't meant to be ironic. When Goonies made every kid want to move to Astoria, Oregon and find a pirate ship and possibly a mongoloid son of a mobster who you could get on your side with a candy bar.Bowling alleys and video arcades ruled the streets, and Cindy Lauper was enjoying the death throws of her career. It was a good time to be a kid. (and free of all, you know, awareness of political goings-ons) And what did kids enjoy doing? Eatin' some motha grubbin pizza. Because aside from watching old 80's movies you would reminisce 20 years later about while drunk with friends, eating and sleeping were right up there with riding your bike endlessly around the neighborhood hoping to find ET.Growing up in my small hick town, we had a pizza parlor whose name escapes me. They had Joust and Pac-man and Donky Kong and odd wood work and uncomfortable wooden benches. The guy behind the counter looked like Matthew Mcconaughey from Dazed and Confused and wore a red striped sweat band while he made the pizza. This, to me, was a big part of my childhood. We came here for countless birthdays and celebrations and other pointless events. The pizza was manna and all was right with the world.Fast forward to now. Most pizza places are owned by massive corporations who mass produce chemically enhanced food matter into "pizza". I don't know about you, but going and sitting in Pizza Hut isn't all that appealing. And so my nostalgic memory of what a pizza parlor was had all but evaporated.Enter Conans pizza, from the fog of memory and time. They appear every 1000 years like Brigadoon and remind you of your childhood in a way that made me sit in a bizarre reverence of the completely bizarre environment. Sure, the kids behind the counter have changed...grown up, moved on...but the feeling hanging over the place makes you feel like you've stepped into a time warp.And the pizza? The pizza is good. Fresh tasting and filling. I don't remember the last time I ate pizza and didn't feel like I needed my stomach pumped afterwards. It may not be Pizza Gold, but they restored my faith that pizza has a chance in this crazy world.I'll likely go back...if only to have a slice and stare at the walls and pretend I'm eight again and everything seems easier.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,6/25/2008,664,120,72,25,32>So I boarded Radley a couple weeks ago when I was out of town. He's been coming here as long as I've had him.So I go to check out, and I remember he needs heartworm medicine. "I need some heartworm medicine," I tell them, which seems like the appropriate thing to say in such a situation."Is it for Radley?" they ask."Yeah. Just how many other dogs are on my account?""Well, there's Dottie, Sam and Betty and Chewy."Wow. Went to the vet and got a crash course in my dating history. It's tantamount to going to the barber and having him remind you of all the stupid haircuts women have talked you into."Since I no longer talk to any of their mothers, I think it's probably safe for you to take them off my account."The vet tech starts mashing some keys. Looks up and says, "Sam is dead."I was gripped by sadness. My jaw dropped. A tear paused before rolling down my cheek. It was like that commercial.I thought about Sam. That cute little rambunctious dachsund mix. I remembered him chasing both my Dalmatian and the ex' pit mix around with ferocious ferocity. They outweighed him by scientific notation. But it really is all about the size of the dog in the fight.I thought about half my gym shorts that still don't fit right because he ate the drawstrings out of them like they were candy. I thought about how he used to burrow into you if you were laying on the couch. I thought about how he spent the whole winter in front of the space heater. Shivering. I thought about how he used to talk my dog into misbehaving. I thought about how he apparently used to get under the ex' roommate's bed and crap. And no one noticed for months.And months.I hadn't seen him in a long time, but I missed Sam. He had personality. He had spunk. I said a little prayer for him. And his sister and mom."Wait," I said, barely holding back that tear. "How do you know Sam is dead?""Oh. I mean I took him off your account."(Seriously, though. They're great vets and a great kennel.)
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/24/2008,724,628,34,19,31>It was a dark and stormy Sunday morning.Suddenly, a shot rang out!Or maybe it was just the door of Potbelly opening.He looked up as she walked in.  She strode over, a glint in her eye.  He was surprised to see her in a t-shirt and capri pants, rather than the slinky red dress that the script called for."I'll have an Italian.  With everything," she purred."Everything?"  he asked, incredulously."Ev-er-y-thing," she repeated."Even...the hot peppers?" he queried, raising an eyebrow."Yes.  Even the hot peppers," she said, secretly wishing that Yelp allowed people to use italics in their reviews.He knew she meant business.  There was nothing he could do but to obey her wishes.  He set about making the sandwich, glancing at her occasionally to see if she would waver.  But she did not."I'll also have six bottles of diet Cricket Cola.  To go."Nodding silently, he placed the sandwich and the bottles into an unmarked bag, his hands shaking slightly."Here," he said meekly, as he handed over the goods. "Thank you," she said.  And then she was gone, as if it had been nothing but a dream.Not long afterwards, once she was alone, she released the sandwich from its drippy, greasy confines and bit in.  It was good.  The wheat bread had retained its grainy texture and the combination of flavors in the sandwich - which only cost $4.19 - danced upon her tongue.  The sandwich satisfied her desires, in a way that no Thundercloud sandwich ever could.And even as she was still clearing away the evidence of the crime, she knew her appetite would return, and she'd be back for more.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,6/23/2008,10,113,15,14,15>I haven't been to home slice in over a year. The place reminds me of my ex a lot, so i tend to stay as far away from those places as i possibly can.Well, today i had a hankerin for some pizza and thought "eff him, I'm going to homeslice". After taking two busses (and seeing Kevin N And Allison P eating at Lulu B's) I had me a slice of the cheese pizza.It was good. It wasn't orgasmic or anything, but it was good enough. Not enough cheese, though. The service was friendly, but a bit slow. I'm sure I'll go back again, but it's not like a desire to sell my firstborn or anything for a slice. :)
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2008,6/21/2008,7,8,10,8,9>The main reason Cain's gets 3 stars is DOLLAR BEER on Tuesdays. It works out well, as my current Tuesday night grad school class is so mind-numbingly  horrific that my classmates and I are generally in need of some self-medication after class. And off we go to Cain and Abel's.Drinks: I've only ever been here on Tuesdays - get there early if you want to find a place to sit as it gets packed after 10/11ish. Dollar beers - delicious.Food: I've had their burgers which are pretty good, but then again I was starved and depressed after said horrific class, so who knows if my perceptions were totally accurate.Overall: Very convenient as it is close to campus, but it gets filled up with VERY young-looking girls. At 23, I often feel like an old lady in there after all the silly sorority girls walk in, all dressed alike and far too fancily for Cain's. I have gotten dressed up for Cain's once, and that was for my Birthday, which was sadly on a Tuesday and I had to endure the crappy class beforehand. And by dressed up for Cain's, I mean jeans and a nice shirt. Underage ladies - this is a bar, not a fashion show.It tends to get pretty loud - they crank up the music despite it being standing-room only and you end up leaving with a man-voice (if you're a girl, comme moi) as you've been shouting at your friends for the better part of...hmm...5 hours.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,6/20/2008,67,104,9,29,15>After visiting the CVS website, I learned that not only does CVS fill your prescriptions but they also have doctors and nurse practitioners there for your disposal. I filed it in the ol' noggin and saved that nifty information for later use. A week later, the older child gets an earache AT school after a week of sniffles and coughing. After the school calls, I call his pediatrician and much to my SHOCK and SURPRISE (not!) all of the appointments were completely booked and he wasn't able to be seen till later on at the after hours clinic, which by the way, costs more. The kid is crying and pulling on his ear. I start driving to CVS in hopes of a quick fix. Upon entering CVS, the minute clinic is clearly labeled in the back of the building. We were greeted by a computer screen asking us for a name, date of birth and a signature for patient privacy. It took all of 1 minute. As soon as I hit enter we were greeted by a nurse practitioner who immediately sat us in her office. She asked every question ARC would have asked, checked his lungs, throat, checked his temperature and finally checked his ears. She quickly asked for some background/medical info gave him his prescription and we were on our way to filling the prescription. It was quick but in no way did I feel rushed or did I feel that she skimped on the service either. They even sent a copy of the diagnosis and prescribed medicines to his pediatrician. The most we waited was for his prescription to be filled which took about 15 minutes. A diagnosis and filling a prescription took less time than watching an old Seinfeld episode. The best part of all of this is that they took our insurance and we only paid our co pay. No "after hours" fees, no bullshit. If you don't have insurance, they have set fees for basic medical needs. You definitely don't want to go there if you need a pap smear or a chest X-ray. Think of this is a place to go when you need a  flu shot or a prescription for a cold, allergies, earaches, etc. Their hours are "real working persons" hours meaning they are open 7 days a week and on most days close at 8 p.m. I'm going to shout this from the hilltops because CVS has made me sooo happy. It went from a screaming, crying child to a happy and content child in a matter of 30 minutes. Important note: They don't see patients under the age of 18 months.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,6/19/2008,562,618,14,18,15>Holy Crap. Is it possible that a restaurant in Texas could outshine or play on an even field as the top notch Japanese fusion restaurants in NYC/SF? The answer is, unequivocally, HELL YAH!!  I had heard about Uchi and all the wonders of Tyson Cole for a long time now. I guess his appearance on Iron Chef America really pushed my wanting over the edge to finally mosey on down to south Lamar (that and my well funded foodie brother said he'd foot the bill .. heehee.. thx walter!!).Anyways, onto what matters here.. the FOOD:They just happened to be offering the Iron Chef Omakase which Tyson Cole served on the battle with Morimoto. The main ingredient was ginger so we were pretty hyped for that..  We also ordered two Omakase's as well as other random things from the menu (Reminder: my brother was paying, so I paid no caution to the wind here).Here were my favs in order of palate flavor bukkakeness:Kobe Style Wagyu Ribeye with Satsuimo Puree, charred spring onion, cocoa nib, and cinnamon star anise - This has to be one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life. Thats alot coming from a Texan dining at a Japanese restaurant.. but wow. The outside was charred perfectly with a sweet rub while the inside was gloriously tender and pink. It was like a episode of Barely Legal but everyone could participate.Japanese Black Snapper with garlic, gingered sea salt, tangerine oil, and san bai zu  - The snapper paired so harmoniously with the garlic, salt, tangerine oil, and san bai zu. (I actually have no clue what san bai zu is but I'd gladly take san bai zu shots off Jessica Alba's belly).Seared Maine Scallops with pear toasted almond puree, napa cabbage, bacon, and parsley root cracker - Who here has had scallops with pear toasted almond puree? No one? (ok except for ppl who dined at Uchi previously) What an amazing combination.. like Angelina Jolie's top lip and bottom lip.Foie Gras creme with yuzu jam and soy currants - I've had foie gras in its many variations, but never as a creme. It had an eggy custard like consistency to it with a mild foie gras flavor to it. Eating it with the jam or currants evoked images of one Christmas dinner I had in Rouen, France.. I loved it.. so I did swallow.. (for fans of Ratatouille)Twice Cooked Kurobuta Pork Belly with Green Apple - Thank god for pork and Tyson Cole. I am now a huge fan of pork belly.. it was quite fatty but all that special sauce and apple slices balanced everything out. I'm sure my arteries were flinching with every bite but man were the endorphins flowing with this dish. You BETTER get laid after sharing this dish with a chic.Super Toro Nigiri - Ok so I've had Toro and such claimed Super Toro before..  but the Super Toro here beat the shit out of all sushi I've ever tried. It was basically like watching TX vs Colorado in the 2005 Big 12 Championship. Game Over upon dish hitting our table.Hawaiian billfish with hot galangal oil, fava leaves, basil and spring garlic - Such a nice and refreshing dish. Everything was just perfectly complemented. We were all fighting to finish this dish and it almost ended with someone's hand getting impaled with a chopstick due to the kung fu like battles and reflexes being unleashed.Flounder with spanish olive oil, smoked sea salt, yuzu zest, daikon, and crispy flounder bone - This was similar to the black snapper dish so we basically threw it down to the floor and demanded a more creative dish. Toro with dried cranberries, marcona almonds, and dried soy - Already loving Toro.. they made it better. Kind of like merging Jessica Alba with..  hm..  well I guess you can't really make her any better.Brown Butter Sorbet with ginger syrup - This was actually one of my favorite dishes of the night.. but since it was dessert I'll just put it at the bottom of this bukkake palate list. You should have taken pictures of our faces as we dipped the sorbet into the syrup and placed it into our mouths.. it must have been somewhat like pure ecstasy or the height of orgasm. We all resisted the urge to pick the plate up and pour the whole damn thing all over our chests while demanding someone lick it off dirty girl/boy. In fact it was so good, that after the sorbet was gone, we all took the straws from our glasses and sipped that shit up. It was kind of sad to pay the bill, not because of the price (and especially since I wasn't paying), but because the experience was over. Yet the foodie in us was satisfied and given a veritable happy ending for each plate. Also, this really makes me want to try Morimoto's restaurant since he bested Cole on the Iron Chef show. So that means I'll have to ask my brother to accompany me again...
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,6/18/2008,20,124,18,24,18>Boobs!  These ladies are professionals about something that I can't help but giggle about.  Thanks to Yelp, I was armed with the knowledge that I needed to sign in on a sheet near the cash register before my presence would be acknowledged, and I was assisted right away after doing so.I was taken to a adequately spacious fitting room, measured in the region of concern, and after being upbraided for my current poor bra choices, was supplied with at least eight different bras to try on.  The woman helping me checked on me frequently (I think she had a bra installation/removal sensor) and made sure that they were fitting correctly.I chose a bra that fit the best, and since I generally avoid clothes shopping, I bought two of the same style - unfortunately, it was when I was at the cash register spending my clothing allowance for the next two months that I realized they also sell sports bras and lingerie.  I was tempted to go back in the fitting room, but their bras - they are nice, but they're also expensive.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2008,6/16/2008,474,618,13,15,15>I just got back from my caucus and boy, are my delegates tired.So after a historical primary election, I thought it would be fun to go to a bar that feels like you are in history to watch the results. And this bar is old. HOW OLD? So old, I think Strom Thurmond celebrated his 21 birthday here. [groan]Seriously though, the rumor on the street is that some members of legislature hang out here while in session. I have been here a handful of times and have yet to witness any political activity. Regardless, it seems like this was the bar for a lot of people to show up after an election to discuss politics. Made for an entertaining evening with discussions about Senate and which place would deliver food to this bar.The results: don't walk down the street for a chili dog when Austin Pizza will deliver.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,6/15/2008,246,167,19,8,13>I've been wanting to say it for forever, but it's a deeply emotional thing to deal with.  It can be really hard to come to terms with something like this, but it's also important enough that I need to share it with you people.I found Jesus at Opal Devine's.He was smoking a cigarette, and singing karaoke.  He was, being omnipotent, well aware that the Bloody Mary's here are the best in Austin, no matter what others might say.  He was as happy as the rest of us with the genuine and friendly service that he was getting.  He was not at all surprised that the patio was comforting, even on a night when everyone was engaging in a pagan ritual that he would have been, frankly, a good reason for him to be pissed as hell and have his Old Man smite us.  And maybe Halloween did get under his skin a little bit.  He turned the other cheek on us, as is his nature.But he closed his karaoke set with "Take this Job and Shove It."
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,6/14/2008,392,291,49,12,20>I had to listen to Don P. cry his heart out for about an hour over all the women who had broken it. He just kept yammering on "blah, blah blah...she hate me."I wasn't paying much attention though because I was eating probably one of the best burger and fries you can get in Austin. If they had a contest for best fries in Austin, which they probably do, Billy's should win. If Billy's fries ended up on the next presidential election ballot, I'd probably vote for them there too."You just don't understand, it's hard being such a nice guy.""No, I totally understand.".......burp.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,6/13/2008,120,116,6,15,15>I loooooove kicking off the weekend by shopping here.  This is what I love:- tons of vendors- the food seems to be a little cheaper than other farmer's markets- the Austin Boxer Rescue is almost always there- several vendors that carry humanely raised meat- kettle corn! I'm like a wild animal with a bag of that in hand- local coffee for $5 a bag- delicious local cheeses (or is it cheese? is cheese singular and plural?)- garden nurseries sell plants thereI was so surprised and happy to find that Austin far surpassed my farmer's markets in SF and NYC.  Yay!
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,6/12/2008,522,1205,15,18,16>What can I not like about cheap Banh Mi served out of a trailer under a huge Live Oak Tree that allows my butt sniffer?I would have never tried a Vietnamese Tofu sandwich on my own.  But, my friend made me do it. And it was so good I don't know who/what I wanted to make out with more - her or my sandwich... The sandwich includes lemongrass and avocado two of my favorite ingredients.Today I stopped in for a summer roll and a Vietnamese iced coffee to refuel after a hike.  The strong coffee with sweetened condensed milk was excellent and the summer roll was pretty darn good - just not as make-out worthy as the Vietnamese Tofu Sandwich or my Friend for recommending this place.Oh, and the sisters that run this place are adorable.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,6/11/2008,103,80,18,13,20>I've had a long on-going love/hate relationship with The Hole. Some smart guy once said, ""The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposing ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function." Well I must be pretty intelligent then, because when I think of the Hole in the Wall I think two things at the same time:1. I hate the Hole in the Wall2. I love the Hole in the WallLet me try to explain.  I used to get paid at The Hole. I was working for a masonry company as a hodman, and if we got paid on time, it was in cash at my boss's regular Friday table at The Hole. So here I am a 20 year old college drop out, getting paid weekly in cash at a bar. To top that, there were these evil women there that adored my Adonis looking co-worker, and knew very well that he/we got paid in cash every Friday. So after a few months (yeah months, I never said I was a smart man)  of blowing a week's worth of work, Fridays at The Hole, my goal became getting the hell out of The hole as quickly as possible.  But I would always return, some time later in the week. The music was just too good. The drinks just too cheap. There used to be great words of wisdom written on the bathroom walls. "No matter how good looking she is, someone somewhere is sick of her shit."  Plus my favorite written on the condom machine, "This gum tastes like rubber." "Go home dad your drunk," written under "Your Mom sucks blankty blank!"  Hey they are cliches now, but you have to read them somewhere first for them to become cliches. I read them first at The Hole. For the most part, even through multiple owners, some great, some not so good, it has always been about the music at the Hole in the Wall.  I cannot count the number of bands I've seen there, some great, some not so good. Some, however, were just wonderful, and constitute some of my favorite musical memories. Way back in Aught-one, I went back to school at UT, to finish my degree. I would pop over after class and work and sit in the window at The Hole and study. Ole Brooks, would mix me a mean Gin and Tonic in the summer, and even nicer whiskey and nothing in the winter. I would just read and watch the people go by on the drag.  When the music started around 7pm at the Hole, I'd wander down to the Showdown and finish reading. The tiny kitchen behind the bar used to make this wonderful sandwich, "The Reality." It was a chicken fried steak sandwich with Jalapenos.  It was wonderful. They used to have "STUDENT TOWNIE MIXERS"  hysterical. I met one of my all time favorite people there, "C" who was a waitress at The Hole, and later a bartender, then a bartender at my Showdown. She's good people. So was "N" who I miss. The Hole went through some tough times, changes in ownership, a period when it was closed, a pizza period. I'm glad it has stayed around though. I don't make it there much anymore, usually we just pop up from the Showdown for little drinks.  To quote from a friend and a Hole institurion:  "The stress of life and love that I want to leave behindThe little things in life are what I do enjoy The problem is that to take them I must stay employedLittle Drinks, Oh Little DrinksHow I love you so"The Hole has a little edge, it may not be for everyone, and people are there to drink. There can be an unsavory crowd at times as well, and when unsavory people drink, unsavory things can happen, and have. Not really to me, but to some of my friends. Hence some of the hate. I think under this relatively new management, the Hole may survive. I hope it does, it is an Austin, and a Live Music institution. Go see it soon. (They have food until midnight, and parking is hard - it is near campus, so take the bus or a cab, probably better anyways.)
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,6/10/2008,253,502,41,24,22>After much lusting, longing and investigating, I finally joined Pure. I used to be a member of 24 Hour Fitness on Wm. Cannon, and while it's a great gym, the location sucked for me. Pure is across the street from my office and 3 miles from my house. And if I need a pool? I can always venture north (and there's rumors of a Master Swim program!). Pure is great so far. They have great classes and class times, as well as plentiful cardio equipment and the same weight equipment that 24 Hour had, so I know how to use it all. There's also towel service and bottled water if you forget to bring yours with you.The only thing I'm not crazy about (but yet, like at the same time), is that the spin classes are done in the middle of the gym, so you have to hear their music and the instructor. This can be avoided with your iPod, but if you're in a yoga class, it's really hard to tune it out.In addition, this is a gym that seems to be for pretty hard-core people. I am NOT hard-core. I mean, I like a good workout, and I do like the gym, but if you are the type that's intimidated by the extraordinarily good looking, this might not be your favorite place. Fortunately for me, and the members of Pure, I am extraordinarily good looking.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,6/9/2008,19,182,31,18,18>i was all like, "how big is the super burrito?" and they were all like, "?Que?" and i was all like, "?el super burrito es grande?" and my authentic mexican waitress made the shape of an oval with her hands, and that oval was about as big as my head and i said, "esta bien," wondering how big a six and a half dollar burrito could actually be.while waiting for my super burrito i noshed on my standard chips and my three exceptional salsas (that green one is pretty hot), getting weird looks from some of the authentic mexican patrons, and listened to the tejano blaring from the jukebox that the authentic mexican patrons were so kind as to put on for the rest of us.the super burrito that came out was indeed the size of my head...easily two meals, but really three or four.  once i ate one in a single sitting and wished i was dead.  quite possibly the best deal in austin.and the restaurant is located in a motel parking lot next to a pool.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,6/7/2008,3,48,11,13,10>Did you know you could visit the Capitol 24x7?  So say it is 11 PM on a random Tuesday and you have out of town guests visiting.  You are done with dinner and looking for fun.  Drive them up to the Capitol and pretend that you are going to sneak them in.  Of course there are others doing the same thing.  You can even lay down on the big star on the floor and look all the way up to the top.  The Capitol police just look at you like they've seen it all already.  What a hoot.  Ann Richards picture on the wall to smile at.  Bush picture on the wall to scowl at!Update:  I just found out the extended hours are only during legislative sessions.  If not in session, you can only frolic until 10 PM on weekdays and 8 PM on weekends.  Minus one star for that!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,6/6/2008,2077,1403,26,21,24>I half expected Rod Serling to walk about from behind a curtain, wave his hands a couple of times and smile.  "Just kidding, folks," he'd say, and we'd all have a big laugh and go have dinner.But there was no Serling.  What there was was equal parts surreal time warp, quirky melodrama and culinary exploration.  Say this about the concept of the 'dive restaurant' - it wouldn't work if the food weren't so damn good.  And good it was.To really get what Little Thailand is all about, you need to gather a few friends, head off the grid for awhile (if you think you've gone too far on your trip out of town, keep going -- you're not there yet).  You need to start in the Lounge area, where the jukebox doesn't take your money (trust me, I was the doofus trying to slide dollars in there), and where the standards hold up to scrutiny.  And speaking of scrutiny?  It's hard as hell not to scrutinize everything here:  nine times out of ten you may scarcely believe what you're seeing.  Outside of the Salty Dog in Port A, this was one of the most bizarre and amusing experiences I've had in our state, and we were all smiling for the rest of the night.Highlights (in no particular order) included the crusty fella in the back  sidled up to the bar who told us (also in no particular order) that:-he should have been dead by 21-he named his kid after Yogi Berra-his wife left him because he drank too much, but she came back in last week to get her tires rotated.I do not know if this last line was a metaphor.Anyhoo, Dick had his prescriptions on the bar, his lab results tacked to the wall, and when dinner was ready, we didn't pay out:  we just took our homespun bloody marys and Thai brews into the main dining room where they basically added them to our tab by memory.  I was surprised to learn that they don't live here (they live a few miles away), and that he's been operating this place or the one that preceded it (Little Thailand One?  Littler Thailand?) for something going on thirty years, if I heard right.  And who knows if I did, because if it's one thing you can count on via Dick and the ladies at this place, it's the blurring between conversation and reality.  And in the end, isn't a little happy distraction what going to dinner's all about in the first place?
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2007,6/5/2008,55,196,9,11,15>Could brunch really be worth $40?  Hell-to-tha-YES!And having chef Miguel Ravago garnish your green chicken mole with toasted pumpkin seeds as he plates your dish...are you kidding me?!?!Classy.Plus, David Letterman ate dinner here Friday night. Can't get much cooler than that.P.S.  Just took my folks to the famous brunch spread. My dad said it's the best restaurant he has ever been to...in his life. Awwwwww.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/4/2008,27,17,27,16,19>I'm new to Austin and live in a household of dedicated Home Slicers, so it's been nearly impossible to try any other kind of pizza.  While I do thoroughly enjoy the Queen of Pies, I went to bed with the King last night and I'm still a little starry-eyed.The creation:  Super thin crust, fresh tomato sauce, meatballs, roasted garlic, onions and sun-dried tomatoes.The reaction:  Moaning and drooling.  East Side Pies, I hope you don't mind that I can't wait the requisite three days to call you again.  I just don't know that anyone else can satisfy me anymore.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,6/2/2008,467,441,11,10,11>I remember my first venture into this store kind of fondly.  The Domain had just opened and I'd had lunch with two Yelpers, one of whom I had a little crush on.  They wanted to go in and drool over the new iMacs.  Not wanting to be lame, I went along... and drooled too.  Now, THAT is a sexy piece of equipment.  I let the boys on their own and wandered to look at iPod accessories for my old school shuffle... of which they had few.A year later, I'm the proud owner of an iBook (yes, it's old... but still awesome), a 3g Nano (for which The Apple Store had minimal accessories for when I got it), and am an Apple aficionado.  Oh, and I dated said Yelper whom I had a crush on for nearly 2 years.His birthday was this past week, and, having just purchased a new MacBook Pro, I decided to head to The Apple Store once again to purchase a gift for him and the computer.  I was greeted immediately and directed to where the laptop cases are located (I'd called the day before to be sure they were in stock).  I found what I was looking for and was slightly confused about the check out process.  One of the huge iMac screens showed instructions on paying, so I located an Apple employee to ring me up.  It's so cool!  They just bust out the little LRT scanner looking thing, scan your item, run your card, then email you the receipt.  It was that easy!  No waiting in line, as the employees are abundant.  I drooled over the MacBook Air on the way out of the store, as I'd gone in with a mission.  They now also have a much, MUCH better selection of 3g Nano accessories... too bad I'd already bought mine at Radio Shack (what?  I had a gift card?!).Turns out, I bought the wrong size.  Went back and had no issues exchanging it for the correct one.  The exchange was just as easy as the check out process.  Also, as a note, when you're looking at the sexy as hell MacBook Airs, DO NOT unplug the little USB thingie... the store alarm WILL sound!  Fortunately, we quickly plugged it back in and apologized, explaining that we were trying to close the little tabby thingie.What a great store.  I'll be back someday to get an iMac.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,6/1/2008,188,425,12,14,12>after a long day of wedding dress shopping, my friend recommended we try out a place in my new neighborhood.  the strip mall location was a tad bit unusual, but didn't phase me.  the interior looked like mexico threw up on the walls.  it was beautiful!we loved every single item.  the chips and multiple salas on the lazy susan was creative and delicious.  the spicy queso blanco was really tasty too.  but the creme de la creme, IMO, was the mole enchiladas.best mole i have even had.  i can't wait to come back and try it again.  the lime cilantro rice was a great alternative to boring spanish rice.gotta deduct 1 star for the server not refilling our water.  we were the only table there so there isn't an excuse for no agua.mmmmmm mole.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,5/30/2008,94,263,6,33,13>There comes a time in our lives when we realize our own mortality.  My first experience with mortality was with the death of my father, and the task of shopping for a casket, see my review of Collier's Caskets. Unfortunately for me, a week after his burial, I got bitch slapped with my own.  It came in the form of a brain tumor.  Life suddenly got really short, really fast.  After Sue and I cried our friggin eyes out, we awaited the appointment with my newly found nuerosurgeon, John Stokes.  Sue and I waited patiently in his office for him to arrive.  When he did, I could of sworn he was 12.  He seemed so young!  He immediately put me and Sue at ease by saying, "If I was to have a brain tumor, this is the one I would want to have."  I felt the whole world was lifted off my shoulders by his manner and his ability to explain to us in great detail what the proceedure was that needed to be done.  I was feeling much better.  So much so, that when we were going through the MRI's and he was explaining what that spot was, and what was that thing, I pointed to a a black area, and asked, "hey what's this?"  Before he could answer, I quickly responded... oh that's probably from that Pink Floyd Concert I went to in 78... we all burst out laughing..  Surgery went extremely smooth, he personally kept Susan abreast of what was going on, from the time he started the surgery to when he finished. He returned all my phone calls personally, and my emails.  In the end, the tumor turned out to be benign, and I just had my one year check up.  During that appointment we spent more time catching up like ol friends, and at that point, he said your good to go, see you again next year.  I have been very fortunate to find a medical professional, who generally cares for my welfare, returns phone calls and emails, provides me with information in a manner which I can understand an added plus was that he happened to be on my insurance.  So, if you happen to need a Neurosurgeon or need a second opinion, check in on John, you will be very glad you did..
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,5/29/2008,212,150,21,24,19>I have a crush on my dentist.It's hard to flirt with a dentist, though, because she's got her hands in your mouth, uncovering fetid pockets of decay, and your salivary glands are working overtime while her assistant is sticking all sorts of implements in there to mop up. It doesn't exactly play to my strengths... Years after a really bad experience in the chair, I've found Dr Hoppe, and she has cured me of any phobias I once had. Her staff is professional, warm, courteous, and wholly concerned with the patient's comfort. Dr Hoppe is very friendly, and while I was in her chair, she made sure I knew as much or as little about what was happening as I wanted. She even has flat-screen TVs with headphones so you can watch TV while she's working on your oral maladies. How sweet is it to not have to hear the whine of the drill?Dr Hoppe herself called me the next morning after my appointment to make sure I was not in any discomfort. See why I'm crushing?I'm seriously considering throwing away my toothbrush so I have to visit her more often.PS Thanks Yelp and Allison P you're the best wing-person/website a former dentistaphobe could have!
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,5/28/2008,60,72,8,13,12>i hate to say it but i *love* pappadeaux's. i know it's a chain but... at least it's a Texas chain! i have eaten at papadeaux's for probably 12 years {different establishments} and have never, at least not that i can remember, had a horrible experience. the food, the service, and the cajun ambiance, albeit a tad over the top, has been consistently good. the pappa's family makes a huge deal about training the servers and making sure they dot their i's and cross their t's. every now and again, i have seen a server off their game but not everyone is perfect. i think they have some of the best boiled crawfish in town for the price, the convenience and most importantly the flavor. their oysters are always fresh and cold, when they are in stock. and the dinner portions are huge, so watch that belly. my favorite is the crawfish bisque and their bread. yum, yum, yum! again. i love you, pappadeaux's.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,5/27/2008,28,37,9,7,13>These are words I NEVER thought would be uttered from this mouth:"I love fish tacos."The word 'fish' and the word 'tacos' have always, for some reason, conjured up foulness and putridity in my mind. Tacos do not have fish in them. They have seasoned ground beef...lettuce...cheese...sour cream. Or chicken with all that stuff I listed. Even just some refried beans. End of story. You do not mess with that tried & true formula lest you wish to upset the balance of the earth or something.Just an observation here, but there is a general consistency one will notice in tacos That is the fact that the filling comes from land-roving/land-growing things. I mean...yeah, we have 'chicken of the sea', but we all know it's not really chicken, and we all know that it does not thrive on land. It thrives in CANS. Duh.Anyway, so my point here (or lack thereof) is that tacos are a land-based food proposition to a Midwestern-raised mind, and straying away from that line of thought can only yield danger and mayhem. Unless we're talking about Berry Hill fish tacos, and then, friends, THEN we have a completely different breed of food. Let's get something straight. This guy does NOT do chains so much.  As a matter of fact, when I moved to Austin with my incredibly hot wife, we didn't even think of eating at a chain because that would've been a sign of pure mental retardation in a place where the independent business appears to rule supreme. Since then, we've decided that if it's a chain within the Great Nation of Texas (TM), then it's OK. I'm glad we made that exception because I wouldn't have gotten to try these beautiful little foody jewels disguised as tacos. These are things that I crave...things I feel like I must eat on a regular basis.  They are big and they are fried and they are not good for you no matter what you tell yourself. The Berry Hill Original Fish Taco is like this:- several parts beautiful batter-fried fish...crispy, heavy, unhealthy. Awesome.- one part purple crunchy cabbage- 1/2 part cilantro that appears to be pretty fresh- 2, count 'em two, corn tortillas to hold it all together- 1 part special sauce...and that, like in the bedroom on the night you were conceived , is where the magic happens. I modify it and get it with lettuce instead of cabbage. And because I can't stand cilantro, I nix it.   Eating these makes me feel like the Gorton's man is the luckiest dude alive for being able to go out and catch this glorious sea-faring cold-blooded animal that eventually ends up in a taco, and ultimately into my stomach.  Eating these makes me think that if something is so  fundamentally wrong (having a non-land roving creature as the main taco-filling ingredient).......then I don't want it to be right.  Ever.  For some reason, I order two, and every time I can only finish one completely and maybe two bites of the second.  Part of that could be because I'm also stuffing myself with chips and queso and hammering down Diet Dr. Peppers like it's going to counteract the vile shit commencing attack on my internal plumbing. But I don't mind paying for two because it's just worth it. I've had fajitas, cheese enchiladas and tamales here as well.  The first two are just kind of 'meh'.  The tamales are pretty great though. I do, however, have a bias towards tamales...to the point that even if they would be considered bad, I still like them.  That's the deprived Midwestern blood in me still hanging on for dear life.  Should you decide to go, it is probably needless and a waste of words for me to say you need to try the fish tacos.  But I'm gong to say it anyway....You need to try the fish tacos.  That is all.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,5/26/2008,211,223,12,9,12>oh polvo's fish fajitas, how do i love thee?  let me count the ways.  i love your perfectly cooked, and beautifully seasoned, flakey badass snapper self.  i love the melange of flavorful (and colorful) veggies upon which you are nestled: the cabbage, both red and green, the corn, the onions and shrooms, and yes, even the lowly zucchini,  i love your sidekick, little black beans and rice, quietly sitting alongside a splop of guac and some other, lesser, acoutrements - and the beauty of their tasty yet complimentary simplicity.  fish fajitas,  i love you with all my heart and i will count the hours until we meet again.oh, and is there another who i dare to love more than thee?  well, apparently yeah.  because i let jack take my leftovers for lunch today.  major wife points for that one.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,5/25/2008,462,751,13,10,7>So, ever since the Altima Coupe came out this year I have been all about it.I hate buying cars due to the following reasons:1. I am cheap and spending over $100 makes me break out in hives.2. The blatant motivations of salespeople on commission irritates me and more often than not I end up being a complete b*tch to them.So, I went here to test drive the Altima so then I could go to Apple Leasing and have them buy it for me so I wouldn't have to do all the dirty work, right? Well, first off, the sales person that helped me was all kinds of good lookin'. Rowr. Cedric, I don't mind taking another couple test drives with you, baby. Anyhow....He was very nice but did apply some very gentle pressure to try and get me to do the deal right there. Fortunately, I am not and have never been one of those people who likes being pressured into anything so I didn't spend more than an hour and we took two test drives.I appreciated that they didn't try and hard sell me, which would have been bad news for everyone and I am especially grateful to Cedric for being so knowledgable about the car. If you decide to go with a Nissan definitely look him up as he will make sure you are taken care of!!!!!Remember: See Cedric!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2008,5/24/2008,29,32,24,26,39>So one fine evening I'm out enjoying a cigarette on my porch, when this emaciated little cat darts out from my fence, sees me, and immediately turns right back around toward my neighbor's yard.  Bored, I call out "kitty kitty," and I'll be damned if she didn't do a quick 180 and head back my way.  She gives me a once-over, circles me a few times, and eventually decides that I am trustworthy.  Much head-scratching and leg-rubbing commences.But this cat is in bad shape.  Ribs showing.  Patches of fur missing.  Open wounds.I consult my roommate.  "Dude--do you have anything we can feed her?  We likely will be adopting a cat if we do, but I don't see as how we can't."  She looks like she's on her last legs (literally, she has a pronounced limp).  I am not, you see, made of stone.  We fully intended for her to remain an outside cat, but when the neighborhood "thugcats" kept stealing her food and we kept finding fresh wounds, we knew she was not cut out for life on the streets.  Time to take her in for shots and tests.Animal Trustees of Austin, just down the road from where we live, came through like champs.  Tests for FIV and feline leukemia were done, vaccinations given, the whole works.  And all done without, somehow, freaking her out.  Something about how these people deal with a scared, confused cat put her at ease (me, too).  Final bill: $62.So now Joan's (the cat) fur is growing back.  The limp is almost completely gone. She now spends her days in relative comfort lounging on the couch and chasing the odd bug that finds its way into the apartment.  And whining for people-food.  But we're working on that one.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,5/23/2008,48,60,13,9,13>I went to a Round Rock Express game last night and had a blast. I think the experience could be improved upon, however, with a little planning ahead. Here's my suggested itinerary:First inning: Beer (splurge and get the large--24 oz. will last you awhile)Second inning: Hot dogThird inning: Cracker JacksFourth inning: PickleFifth inning: Second beerSixth inning: Funnel cakeSeventh inning: PeanutsEighth inning: NachosNinth inning: Dippin' Dots ice cream...what's that? There's more to do than eat? Oh, right. If you have time, make your way over to the rock wall for a little climbing. Or go swimming in the pool. Or show off your moves on the basketball court....hmm? I'm forgetting something? Really? Not sure...the game! You mean the one that ended with the Express up 2-1 in the ninth, two outs, with a player from the opposing team on third, and the batter facing a full count? And the Express pitcher striking the guy out? Yeah, pretty awesome ending. And then, of course, the fireworks that followed capped the evening off.Go. Now.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,5/22/2008,65,91,21,15,15>I've been going to Costco for a love you long time. In fact, I'll go old school on that ass - for years, I continued to think of it as Price Club, the name they used to go by before becoming Costco and blowing up like DeNiro in Raging Bull. Costco is basically America in store form - Bigger! Better! Cheaper! But before visions of Wal Mart go swirling through your head, there's a big difference...Costco carries a lot of quality products (as opposed to a store full of crap made in China), and the reason their are prices low, aside from the ridiculous sizes/quantities they offer, is that they sell most products at or below a 15% margin. In the retail world, that, my friends, is a thin margin. They take care of their employees and operate efficiently, all of which contributes to allowing us to purchase way more food than we need for way more than we need to spend - BUT! For a swell price per ounce...YAY!Four pounds of bacon? Check.Patio furniture? Check.Huge bags of lettuce? Check.Large appliances? Check.Brunello di Montalcino? Check.Gigantic inflatable water slides? Check.iPods? Check.Large bag of Sunkist pistachio kernels? Check. (And damn good - highly recommended)Cases of imported beer (or domestics, if you swing that way)? Check.Bulk porn? Nah...but hey, there's always room for improvement.Okay, you get the picture. So looking at that picture, you'll also notice that there's no way you're getting out of this place under a hundred bucks. In fact, you'll be lucky to escape under two hundred. I recommend learning the layout well, and to avoid venturing down any unnecessary aisles. Because it's pretty much inevitable that the super deluxe tool set or the 12 pieces of fabulous cookware or the pressure washer or the 50 inch LCD screen is gonna look miiiiigggghhhtttttyyy fine when you pass it. Consider yourself warned.But on the bright side, after forking over many Benjamins you'll leave feeling like you got over on those suckas as you walk out with a polish sausage and 20 oz drink for $1.50. HAA!!!PS - they have an extremely lenient return policy...great for consumers, but  for sellers of high end pogo sticks who have to deal with returns when people use and abuse them for 6 months and then eat shit trying to do something stupid and decide that it's no longer for them, not so great.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2007,5/21/2008,309,45,9,16,11>Another yelper and I took upon ourselves to visit the Grove tonight, and I believe we both enjoyed it.  I know I did, at any rate.  They've been open for about two weeks so far, and hopefully will stick around for a while.Sitting at the end of a small strip mall, The Grove is a classy-looking wine bar.  There's a patio outside, the front third of the interior is set aside for the bar, and the balance is tables.  A simple looking but respectable menu contains appetizers to match wines, salads, some entrees, and pizzas.  The wine menu is extensive for bottles with a page devoted to by the glass and ten pre-selected flights to sample from.  Some of the text hints at a playfulness that belies its location and potential clientele.We sat up at the bar, enjoyed a couple flights and several glasses, a couple appetizers, and a pizza ("Sausage gone wild").  Wines were good, pizza was quite good, and the apps were excellent.  "Wine's BFF" was a cheese selection with a fig chutney and crostinis.  The patio looks like it would be a nice place for an evening date, or to hang out and enjoy a bottle with friends.  A steady stream of people came and went while we imbibed.  The waitress was pleasant and helpful, and found out anything we asked of her, but was not as well-versed on some parts of the menu and wines as I would have hoped.  The manager visited to refill our water glasses at one point and to check if we needed anything.  It nice that he was cognizant enough to notice she was busy with a large table and took a moment to follow up with her section.  I'd go back.  I'd take a date here.  I'd even take my parents here.  Heck I might just go alone and get a glass of wine and a pizza one night when I feel like it.  Not too frequently, but I am entertaining the thought.--updated...I've been here...somewhere near ten times now.  This proves two things.  One, I like going here.  Two, I'm in denial about how much I appreciate my liver.Full disclosure: I am familiar with a pair of investors.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,5/20/2008,29,45,7,10,13>A lot of people from the Boston area hang out here. That should tell you something, since every Boston neighborhood and every Massachusetts town has an Irish pub it seems. Don't believe me? How else would a bar in Texas become a Red Sox and Patriots sattelite spot? Yes, this pub seems to have become "the chosen one".Props to my friend, manager Steve B.. He's the consummate professional, truly understands customer focus, and has a head chock full of witty humor ready in an instant. Stuff like that nurtures customer loyalty, just like the pubs back in Ireland (it's technically an *actual* pub from Ireland, moved in pieces to Austin, from what I've heard.).Oh yeah...good food, good beer, and all that.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2008,5/19/2008,184,302,8,16,15>We found this place by accident, and ended up having a really good time there.  We were driving down Manchacha/Lamar after visiting a friend in a hospital way down south, and decided to try and go somewhere different, hopefully someplace we've read about on Yelp.  We passed on a couple of ones we really do want to try - Matt's El Rancho and Maudie's - and by the time the road turned into Lamar we were in full tilt "no one would make a decision" mode.  Suddenly the Mandola's sign appeared and we just gave up on trying a new place and pulled into the Triangle. Veek spotted the crowd at The Flying Saucer and wanted to go take a look, and we parked and did just that.  You could see immediately that they had a wall full of beer taps, so we went in to at least have a beer and check it out.  There were people on the patio, inside both at tables and a room full of soft, overstuffed furniture, and at the bar.  I'd say all of the little areas were about 2/3 full when we arrived.  We weren't sure what we were going to do yet, so we just sat at the bar and ordered a couple of pints. The beer selection was fabulous.  Lots of varieties, and their beer menu was laid out by style rather than country or brand.  We both selected a hefeweizen, and they were featuring Veek's choice as a special so that was cool.As we drank our beers, we started sizing up the place, tangible evidence of the influence Yelp has on us now.  Its like I start thinking about how I'm going to write about the experience when I go into someplace now.The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  Yeah, the girls are dressed skimpily, but I'm straight, so its cool with me.  The place got more crowded but never seemed to get noticeably noisy.Since we enjoyed our first round, we went for another and decided to try some food.  The first one was a disappointment - a large pretzel with slices of bratwurst, covered in cheese.  We must have read it wrong because we weren't expecting it to be all one thing, but rather a plate with all three as separate items.  It wasn't  - it was kind of a german pizza, and it underwhelmed.  I ordered a bratwurst plate which was excellent, very authentic.  Two types of sausage, some kraut and german potato salad and a warm roll.  It was exactly what I would expect and it was great.I wanted to stay for one more beer, maybe do a "Make your own sampler", but the Voice of Reason (Veek) pointed out that we did not know where our daughter was at the moment (she was supposed to work only until 8 but ended up working past 9) and we should go be parents.  That we did.All in all I really liked The Flying Saucer and will definitely go back.  I didn't know it was a chain until reading the previous reviews, but I personally don't penalize places for that.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,5/18/2008,138,210,10,9,10>Don't hate on Chuy's. Seriously. Don't.It may not be the best Tex-Mex in town, but it's one of those places that's quintessentially Austin. I love that it's loud and that you (usually) have to wait a long time and that it's crowded and that the parking sort of sucks and that--when you leave--you absolutely REEK of Tex-Mex. That's just all just part of it. Deal. I usually get the appetizer plate for dinner, but we went last night and I had the 9-1-1 Hot Plate enchiladas and they were, indeed, hot. And tasty. Their pico/salsa is some of the best in town.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,5/17/2008,89,356,10,10,10>This is my brother's home away from home.  Which, he is single and if you are not a freaky weirdo and bored around 9 pm, he is probably there at the bar drinking a brewsky and watching a game. . .you should go meet him.  Good guy.  Early thirties.  Funny.  Hard working. Single. Loves kids but has no kids. . .and so on.Other than that, the food is just your average Joe and yes it is loud in there.  They do have a playground which I really wish more restaurants were cool enough to provide a space for kids to let loose.  I too remember the time when I said I didn't want to have kids and quite frankly didn't like them, until God helped me out in that area and now I realize it is mostly the parents who are the problem. . .not the kids.  I love kids.  I just want to hug them.Been a couple of more times.  If you have kids who like playgrounds, this is the best place on Earth.  Love it.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,5/16/2008,446,557,12,12,12>A 1/2 order of Hawaiian chicken fajitas is all I can really review because ever since I tried it for the first time (2001?), I haven't ordered anything else.  These are possibly my favorite fajitas in the universe.  I have yet to explore the fajitas outside our galaxy; however, I truly believe that these would top any fajitas an alien might try to make.  The chicken and peppers are complimented by pineapple and a delicious glaze.  My servers have always provided plenty of tortillas, sour cream, cheese, and pico, but I bet if I asked for more, they wouldn't charge me.  They seem cool like that.  I guess I can review the chips and salsa, too.  They're good.  The chips are hot, thin, salty, and crisp; the salsa is also hot and thin.  One time I got some spicy ranch sauce; I highly recommend it as a chip dip if you tire of salsa.The view of the water is great on a nice day.   Plus, I love the cheezy Hawaiian theme.  Complete with thatched roofs and surfboards, it's a little overdone, I guess, but I think the decor creates a fun atmosphere.  I sort of feel like I'm at a luau, only there's no poi.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,5/14/2008,56,25,14,16,16>When my Man-friend says "date night?" I almost always think "Peter Pan!" It's cheap*, right around the corner, & byob. Few things are better than showing off your competitive side with a beer in hand. The cement creatures are old and beat to hell (totally charming), you will find everything from Peter himself, to the giant white Rabbit who has a hole in his ass - looks to have been created by someone's putter. What you won't find? TinkerBell. Wheelchair ramps. Food. Not being a breeder, I like this place because we can go here for a date and not have kids swarming around us for 18 holes. If you go at the right time you will be able to drink, putt, & curse without having to censor yourself. *18 holes $5 & 36 holes $7
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,5/13/2008,135,351,18,19,14>Yep, Carrie C, right on the money.These peeps were grand master chubasaurus all over my guru Charlie, whose small sore on his left leg (Cancer? Ebola? THE END OF ALL JOY IN MY LIFE?) was diagnosed as simply a "lick wound."I teared up like the biggest frickin' thundercat in town, and the staff comforted my crazy ass, perfectly unfazed by the train wreck I was by not hearing my soul mate was going to that dog park in the sky...Dr. Besch's efficient and kind bedside manner was infectious and helpful, and her slobbering all over my simply amazing (I KNEW it wasn't just me!) dog made me feel like this halfway-house-appearing-facility-on-the-side-of-­an-access-road was a home away from home.Dr. B seemed charmed by my love for Charlie and vested interest in his future, and helped get us on a weight loss program without any penchant for shame. She applauded me on my dog care efforts and suggested ways to keep Charlie healthy and happy.All the while my hooker of a dog took it in like nobody's business, tail wagging at an 11 and macking on the poor doc like some sex addict.Charlie KNOWS things.Meanwhile, the folks at the front valiantly tried to keep my funds as part of their concern while trying to service my fat dog and his heartworm and flea medication. They focused on the right plan that satisfied his requirements while trying to save me from spending a fortune.I am so happy to have found this place...If you live on the East Side, Hyde Park, UT area, ANYWHERE,....recommend, recommend, recommend.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2008,5/12/2008,18,21,13,13,12>Hoover's is where you go for the 'itis.'  Just like grampa's restaurant in the Boondocks, except without the beds.  Big mistake.  They need the beds.Unfortunately for my arteries I've probably tried way too many things at Hoover's over the years...their ribs are, well stick to your ribs good.  If you can finish a half rack, you're man (or the woman), and the itis will set in.  You will go into a coma for the next 6-12 hours.  Elgin sausage is always good.  It is also always a mistake to eat Elgin sausage in Elgin en route to Houston or coming back from Houston.  Again, food coma will commence.  But they make darn good sausage.  So its much safer to eat the sausage on Manor, and maybe drive a couple blocks home than have to go at it from Elgin.  The Jamaican Jerk chicken is, well, not quite jerked enough for my taste.  People are averse to some real heat in this town.  The chicken fried steak is, well, as good as that sort of thing gets.  And it can get quite good.  We're talking low cuisine here, and great chicken fried steak is really at the apex of low cuisine--as good as it gets.  Fried meat in gravy?  Where do I sign up?  Oh yeah, and their meatloaf is pretty tasty (though you ought to be able to do better at home if you're not completely lazy--though going to Hoover's suggest you're completely lazy or soon to be completely lazy).Lets talk sides.  They're dangerous.  If they have butter beans, you must get them.  And they are BUTTER beans.  Actually I think they're cooked in some insane mixture of sweetened condensed milk, butter and pork fat.  Seriously.  The devil's food.  Give me a bowl, dig me a grave and push me right in when I'm done.  The potato salad and cole slaw are kind of meh, go for buttered carrots, mashed potatoes, green beans, and black eyed peas.  And yeah, if they got the butter beans, 2 get 2 of them.  Lets not forget mustard greens and fried okra.  Other essentials and they do them justice at the H.If you make it to dessert, you're done for.  I'm not kidding.  They're gonna have to wheel you out of the place.  Last supper time.  I have vague recollections of making it to some sort of rhubarb pie or peach cobbler a couple of times, and then I also recall passing out for the next week.Hoover's can kill you any time of day.  See, they do brunch on the weekends.  There's any number of evil, evil ways they can do you in.  They have sweet potato pancakes.  They have hoecakes.  They have grits.  You can get em cheesed and garlicked out, or drowned in sugar.  You can get fried chicken and hoecakes.  You see where this is going, right?  Itis at 11 am on Saturday morning.  You can have a pot of coffee and your day is sunk.  Probably about the only other place that could put you in more severe insulin shock on a Saturday morning is Waffle House--and they're practically illegal anyway (which is why they stuck them way the hell outside of down by the crappy flea market).So Hoover's is solidly good Southern eats.  But its also going to mess with your insulin, raise your cholesterol, and add inches to your waistline.  But hey, food is worth it, no?  You only live once, but you get to eat a few thousand times, so, give me a slab of ribs and some butter beans.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,5/11/2008,27,69,11,10,10>food: 5 starsprices: 2 starscustomer service: 5 starscooking school: 5 starsparking: 0 starsstore layout: it's a grocery store, of course it's ridiculouscheese dept: 5 stars.meat dept: 5 stars. they have wagyu. nuff said. wait no... not enough said. the meat is a always spectacular. they will cut whatever you want if they don't have it out. if they don't have it in the back, they'll order it for you. oh, and when i say meat, i mean beef. but they also usually have a good selection of other meats. i like meatballs and meatloafs, so the nice selection of ground lamb, veal, pork, bison are a nice touch. do yourself a favor take the ground bison train, next stop: mini burger heaven.  go get a pound of ground bison, a pack of 8 brioche rolls, an onion and your cheese of choice (see cheese dept.). fish dept: 5 stars (but... see prices, 2 stars)and here is why i write the review....PLAYGROUND: 100 starsmy 4 year old will tolerate a trip a trip to the grocery, no... not just tolerate, enjoy! where else (in public) is it ok to drink a beer and "watch" your kids play?also, if you ever want to lose your kid, come here on a sunday. the place will be packed. you'll lose your kid in a minute flat. (that was a joke, please don't call CPS on me)
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,5/10/2008,324,543,13,34,18>My face is a mess. No, really. Just look at it.Pimples all over, dry lower cheeks, and an oil slick that runs across the forehead, down the nose and along the cheekbones. Not the skin my mom said I'd have at this point in my life. Those pimples, she said, were just a teenage phase. Well, four years out of my teens, I decided the doctors and self-diagnosing just weren't cutting it.So I made an appointment with Angie for a facial.Getting in touch with her can be a *little* difficult -- after all, she's a one-woman show -- but she's very prompt about returning messages, and within 24 hours I'd set up an appointment for a week later. On the phone, she asked about any skin conditions I had (hello, acne!) and suggested I start drinking 8 oz. of kombucha a day.So for the next week, I dutifully drank my scum-and-juice (get it with some ginger or tropical fruit, you'll barely taste the "cultures"), and I noticed an energy-boosting effect shortly. I'll keep it in my diet, for sure. On the day of my appointment I walked up the flight of stairs (definitely not handicap-accessible!) and sat down in a quiet, heavily scented waiting room with some guy, who turned out to be waiting for his girlfriend to get out of her appointment. Shortly, I was escorted into the room, changed into a velcroed wrap and slipped under the covers on the very comfortable table.The facial itself was very tailored to my acne-fied needs. Lots of pimple assassination, followed by balancing out the rest of the uneven skin. Aside from the necessary evils -- very tingly stuff briefly on the troubling spots and the "extractions" (uh, she squeeeeeeeezed my pimples in a sanitary and damage-minimizing way) -- it was a soothing, gentle experience. This lady knows how to put you at ease. Head and shoulder massage while masques sat on my face helped pass the time.The charge is more than I can regularly afford (it was $75), but totally reasonable for the service -- I checked tons of spas in the area, and she's right in the middle and seems to be a lot more thorough, just based on others' descriptions. Also, she was totally nice and her near-perfect skin (guess her age, I dare you) is a total endorsement for her services. She gave me samples of a ton of stuff she recommends, and if it works well for me, I'd be happy to pay for the it.(I feel like an utter jerk -- I just realized I forgot to tip (does one tip a one-woman operation?). Next time, I guess.)
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2008,5/9/2008,50,415,46,14,18>Last weekend was my first visit to Lakeline Mall to go shopping for some new purses. A warning to you single guys out there.....this is your life when you get married. Endless hours walking around the mall looking at purses, you'll find yourself saying "Wow.... I like that one" or "Good find hun"! You'll find yourself getting excited when the perfect purse is found, and not fake excited, like, you're actually excited about it..... Seriously. When teenagers aren't ruining your movie you can find them at Lakeline Mall. This is the Austin teenybopper epicenter.... I'll be honest, I can understand their fascination with malls, I definitely spent a large amount of my teenage years drinking Orange Julias while looking for some hot chicks at Crossroads Plaza in Salt Lake City. I understand the game. The mall is the teenage equivalent to a bar... this is where the teenage prowl takes place. If you want to get lucky and make out in the mall movie theater with a mouth full of braces, then the mall is your gateway. I get it, I do, but either I'm getting older or teenagers are becoming more annoying....Spending the day at the mall with teenagers is the best birth control I can think of. If they could somehow bottle the feeling you have while watching teenyboppers interact and get it into pill form it would end all conventional birth control. I mean, kids start off all cute and cuddly, with their little toes, and their little hands, (awwwww).... but eventually they turn into one of these.....things. Their bodies are all out of proportion, their faces are covered in acne, they talk back, they're mean, they're selfish, they're expensive, they have weird friends, and they smell. As I look at these pimple faced awkward people, I think "I'd rather be celibate".... that would have to be easier then having one of these "children". If children didn't have a good 6 years of solid cuteness... I don't think people would reproduce. It's the "cute" memories that help parents through the teenage years. I can see why every parent in Cedar Park/Round Rock drops their kids off at Lakeline on the weekend..... I just don't know if I would ever come back to pick them up. I was once a teenybopper....How did I survivie? How did I turn into a functioning member of society? As I watch these teenagers in Lakeline I say to myself, "I was never like that, I was better then that, I wasn't ever that awkward...", and then the memories start coming back, and I realize....I was. Damn you Lakeline and forcing me to be introspective!If you can get past all the giggles, the running into you, the flirting in your direct walking path, the text messaging, and stay away from Aeropostale you might be able to handle Lakeline..... but I don't see any point in making a trip here. It's a smaller version of Barton Creek and a lot less interesting then Highland Mall.  And to top it off....their purse selection sucks..... and I know a little something about purses.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,5/8/2008,139,109,9,10,10>I've eaten here several times over the last year.  The very first time I went there I was disappointed, but I think I just ordered the wrong thing.  The last time, I ordered a vegetarian plate (even though I'm a zealous carnivore) and it was absolutely great!  I can't remember everything on it (portobello mushroom for sure), but I couldn't wait to try the next item on the plate.Their warm spinach salad is really good.  Other times I've had pork chops or a steak, and those were also great.One of the first times there was with a first date; if we'd liked each other it might have been romantic, but we quickly learned we had mutual feelings of apathy toward each other.  The food was good, though, and at least that gave us something to talk about.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2008,5/7/2008,78,61,35,15,20>The last time I was here, the unthinkable happened: I got an actual compliment from one of the hipster salesgirls. Yes, yes, it's true. I. received. a. compliment. about. my. AGE. from. yon. whippersnapper. salesgirl. After my knees almost buckled and propelled me towards one of the racks of jeans and funky corduroy pants, I regained composure like a normal 30-year-old might. I promptly whipped out my cell phone and called GOD because I assumed that the other signs of the apocalypse were coming and I wanted to be prepared for LOCUSTS IN FEBRUARY.So how exactly did this come to pass? As follows:I come in with a bag of old spring/summer season pants. Two minutes later, all but one gets put back in my bag. The girl, who has black hair and is your typical hipster in an everything-I-wear-is-under-$10-but-artfully-­thrown-together-because-I-am-only-partially-­colorblind kind of way, really does helpfully explain, when I ask why my clothes don't make the cut, how things from major chain stores like Old Navy don't sell well and something about the tags indicating a particular fashion season and thus they don't want to overstock on styles. Yada yada. It actually was a helpful explanation, as opposed to some of the other reviews of Buffalo Exchange which indicate haughty attitudes and can't be bothered demeanors. I take it to be the luck of the draw when reselling, honestly.  Then, this took place after I said I would take the paltry $5 for my one worthy pant:Hipster Girl: So I just need to see an ID so I can write you your receipt.Me: Cool. Here. HG: (staring at ID with the inspecting eye of a border guard) Ah, this expires this year.Me: Yeah, the address is wrong, too. Luckily I have 7 months to worry about it.HG: It's real easy. You just go online and they issue you the new ID with the same picture. I'm 26 and still have the same one from, like, 19. Me: (laughing in embarrassed manner) Yeah, I'M 30 and still have my one from 25. And yes, I'm keeping the damn picture.HG: It's a good one. (slowly looking from ID to me, then back again, almost incredulously, as if she had found Waldo) You look EXACTLY the same, ya know. So when my old and decrepit brain processed this compliment, I immediately knew I was raising the star level on this joint. It's not every day that you get such flattery from a young hipster. In fact, I'd bet it would be easier to separate Britney Spears from her fucking venti frappuccinos and dirty Rite-Aid pregnancy tests than to expect compliments from the staff here. That's why I'm giving myself a star, too. But only privately. Oh, and still waiting on that apocalypse. To summarize: -Hipster's genuine compliment about my age = GREAT-Not buying back my cute pants = FAIL-Confusing yet helpful explanation as to above statement = WORTHY-Quality of garments = CRAPSHOOT-Occasionally finding a diamond in the rough = FANTASTIC-Hipster's genuine compliment about my age = GREATI mention that last one twice but let's not kid ourselves. Sometimes a girl's gotta take what she can get.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,5/5/2008,704,840,25,18,18>Oh cowboy taco, I love you so.  You big hot handsome hunk of fun.I like to pick you up and bring you home in the early afternoon.I like to munch your warm tortilla and nibble your juicy, tender meat.Your vegetables are sweet and tasty.Your spicy green sauce makes my heart race.My desire for you rages but I have learned to go slow.I want to savor every sweet smoldering minute my lips are locked on you.And when you are gone and I am left with only the memoriesI know that as soon as my passion returnsYou will be waiting for meFresh hot and eager to be consumed I love you, cowboy taco, I love you.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,5/4/2008,61,114,6,8,7>I second many other reviewers in saying that the pizza at The Parlor is just okay - they have vegan cheese, which is rad when you're traversing Austin with those anti-milk, but yeah, overall the whole pizza experience is pretty lackluster, even if they do have avocado and broccoli, two of my favorite and slightly unconventional toppings. The crust is bland and a little cardboardy, and if I were a snooty food reviewer (like, with a payroll and everything) then I might call the sauce "uninspired."But, like Ryan F., I am not just there for the pizza. The full bar (with affordable drinks) and the gorgeous, smart, talented, and hip-but-still-friendly bartenders are a super compelling reason to go, and so is the patio and the pool table. The art on the walls (especially right now) = excellent. The jukebox is a work of art in and of itself, as the track listings are all handwritten and there are tons of records on there that you won't find on any other jukebox anywhere.The atmosphere is just plain rad.UPDATE: After achieving ROTD status yesterday, it was pointed out by a friend that the second and third times I had pizza at The Parlor, it was actually really really good. I'm not going to name names, but apparently, when certain people make the pizzas, they're good. When other people make the pizzas, they aren't...so, I guess it is inconsistent, but sometimes delicious.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,5/3/2008,143,315,9,15,7>OK - not much to add to the slew of positive reviews for Swad. Yup - it's good stuff.Key points:- order at the counter and they bring the food to you.- south indian food means dosas, samosas and various fried bread items- the thali is a good sampler. The various items in the special apparently change from day to day.- the dosas are bigger than your head. maybe bigger than 2 of your heads.- be prepared for the gastric cleansing effect of the veggie indian food.That is all.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,5/2/2008,325,414,11,8,10>A friend of mine used to have a "first date dress" that she always wore on you guessed it, first dates. And if she could, she'd always meet at the same place. She was very intentional in this so she could eliminate possible factors that may make or break the date. I've been to several places with Yelpers--some of them, my first time to be there. It's hard to judge--okay, review--a place when the company I'm with is so awesomely cool.  I'm sure I could be at the worst establishment, but with Yelpers, and I'd still have good things to say. I guess y'all are like my own personal first date dress.Went to Highland Lanes last night to meet other Yelpers. It's been a few years since I was there last. Sometimes my game is SO on, other times, it's SO not. Last night, my game was not on, as expressed in my throwing of the ball backwards. I wish I could take away a star for that, but that's not fair to the Lanes.Seemed cheap enough. I have no idea how much bowling should cost. The bar was good and had the requisite White Russians. Thanks, Dude. We had a few spills, which were quickly cleaned up by workers. How else do you review a bowling alley? The ball returns were quick, the strikes were often, and the happenings were fun. Good place for kids. And laughs. And thank goodness for no smoking!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,5/1/2008,187,286,13,11,12>I always drove by and got a little flutter when I saw this place (what girl doesn't love an Air Stream or a cupcake?), but could never justify pulling over and getting a $3 cupcake I (or my thighs) don't really need. I told my best friend about it who lives out of state (when we spied a beautiful teal cupcake at the Angelika theater in Dallas). So, my best friend and her friend come to visit for several days, and friend-of-friend's dog pees ALL over my guestroom--memory foam ruined;  sheets, comforter, and new futon covered in piss. Well, they got me and the BF some cupcakes (and anemone flowers from Farm to Market--so pretty!). I had the red velvet. And you know what? The cupcakes really did help to make it all better.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2008,4/30/2008,368,209,9,10,11>"Keep'n Texas Caffeinated" (that's their slogan--and yes, it's Keep'n and not Keepin') --When this coffee shop opened less than a block  from Starbuck's, I was so happy to see some competition for the chain. Not that I don't like Starbuck's, but it's nice to have a choice. At first, I got say, I was a little underwhelmed. But you can't expect to be floored by a coffee shop, right? The decor is nice enough with colorful walls and comfy looking sofas and chairs. The girl who took my order was friendly and the owner (I think he's the owner) was interacting with the customers. But overall I couldn't help feeling that this wasn't more than a Starbuck's knock-off. A place to go to avoid the mad rush of java-heads on weekends.   After checking out the menu, I went ahead and ordered a mocha. The drinks are pretty straight forward. Lattes, cappuccinos, tea, juice, cold coffee drinks. Nothing fancy. I was actually glad to see there weren't any complicated coffee concoctions. No "Double-Mint-Almond-Cinnamon-Parsnip-Dolce-Latte-­Supremes" here. And I'm no coffee connoisseur so I wouldn't know the difference between a Costa Rican and a Kona if they walked up and introduced themselves to me. Although I imagine the Costa Rican would be more handsome than the Kona.  I don't know why I think that.... So I ordered a 16-oz mocha (not "venti" or "tall" or "grande", but a real measurement--in ounces, the way it was intended) and took a seat across from a guy reading the paper. I looked around and noticed the usual coffee shop mix of laptop users and folks deep in coffee shop-appropriate conversation. Nothing too annoying, except for the one guy talking on his blue tooth gesturing to himself and some invisible object as he tried to make his point. Really? It was a pleasant enough place and I could imagine meeting someone here for an afternoon break. They offer free wireless internet(bonus!) and a drive-through window for those on their way to wherever they need to be more caffeinated. Then the first subtle difference from the chain: the nice girl who took my order actually brought my drink to me! And, I realized, instead of selling newspapers to read, they offered a variety of magazines to read. For free! Just like at a doctor's office. And speaking of not selling stuff, there were no cds or books or games or cappuccino machines or even coffee mugs for sale. Only bags of coffee and flavored syrups for sale. And the music they were playing, why, I actually recognize the songs. Something from the eighties, or maybe nineties, I'm not sure, those years all blend into one decade for me. Not that I don't enjoy hearing new music, but there's something to be said for getting your caffeine buzz with a familiar tune in the background. Oh yeah, and the mocha was good. Not too sweet or chocolate-ty.  By the way, they do offer all kinds of pastries and smoothies, but I'll save that for next time. I would give it 5 stars if they banned cell phone usage--then it would truly be a haven.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2007,4/29/2008,40,86,5,17,12>I am a sucker for good service. If you dote on me, I will overlook much. I am likewise a sucker for ambiance. If it's dimly lit and cozy and well-designed, I will overlook much. I am also from the Chicago-area and love Chicago-style Italian food. Thusly, I love Botticelli's. Many reviews have mentioned this already, and my experience is the same: Great service. Great ambiance. Food is good (Chicago-style Italian), but not vegetarian-friendly.You could come in casual, you could dress up. It would work well for an birthday or a date, especially inside.The two times I've been, I had Joe as the server. He works, by the way, Tues, Thurs and Fri, the day shift -- until 5p. He was incredibly friendly, incredibly knowledgeable, and incredibly excited about food and wine. He remembered me the 2nd time in (granted, only a few days had passed), but yet, this would not have happened everywhere in Austin. He was giving us suggestions for wine pairings in general -- like suggesting some wine from Whole Foods to have with Manchego cheese. He specializes in South American wines...and something else. Very knowledgeable.Not only that, he put a lot of heart into his bartending. He was very passionate about his margarita, which was AWESOME. It was tart -- made with real lime. He was *proud* of his work, you know? The kind of guy who will give you great advice on what to order at Botticelli's and where to eat in Austin in general because he loves food and he loves wine and he loves telling people about it.The food is basically quite good. For instance, the salads -- amazing. The Botticelli bread  (comes in vegetarian, too!) -- amazing. The prosciutto with peaches -- amazing. The pasta with sausage -- amazing. The lemon tart -- eh. Not so much. But then, Joe did not recommend it. I should have listened to him and had the ricotta cheesecake. This is not a vegetarian-friendly restaurant, that does need to change. They need to adapt their Chicago-style to Austin-style. Like I did. They have a happy hour menu -- Tues-Fri 4-7p, Sat 11a-7p. $6 appetizers. $2 beers, and $5 mixed drinks. But here's the catch -- It's technically ONLY OFFERED ON THE PATIO. We sat inside, where no one was at 4p, and Joe told us this small catch, but let us sit inside anyway. I love the patio, it's cute, downright charming, probably one of the best patios in Austin, but, frankly, it was hot out and I was not feeling like embracing it Texas-style. I wanted air-conditioning. So that kinda worried me for future visits. Like in August.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,4/28/2008,344,274,11,42,29>I've never more seriously considered NOT writing a review.  In fact, over the past couple of days I've spent WAYYYY too much time debating writing this.  Selfishly I wanted to keep it a "secret" because I simply don't want it to get too popular.  But yelp's been good to me and I've appreciated other peoples' secret finds... so fighting against my selfish tendencies, I choose to give back.Here's the deal... I'm sure that you've heard about or even taken a Central Market Cooking School class.  The "secret" is that they have a volunteer program associated with the school.To get involved, you first have to attend the orientation.  It's about an hour and offered every month or two.  During orientation the staff show you around, tell you what to wear and what to expect, and then you sign a waiver.After orientation, you request classes for which you'd like to volunteer.  They ask/recommend/require (not sure which) that you do your first couple of classes with one of their staff cooks (not one of the outside cooks because occasionally they lack people skills and/or patience).Generally, volunteering to help with a class entails showing up at 3:00 (though they are generally cool if you are running late or whatever) and you commit until 10:00... but I've usually been let go closer to 9:30.  And you'll do things like serve food, pick up plates, do all of the dishes (LOTS of dishes to do in the back room), clean, etc.The benefits are:1.  Once you've volunteered for two classes, you get to attend a class for free.2.  You get to eat what is being prepared for the class.  They make you a little plate and you eat it in the back room.  REALLY good food.  3.  You get to snack some as you go during the several hours of prep before the class arrives.  They generally have a big bag of various CM chocolate.  And leftovers from previous days are fair game.  I once had leftover lobster bisque from the previous day.  Delicious.  There is usually wine, coffee, and tea available as well.4.  Most of the staff and volunteers are SUPER cool.  Paul, the head chef, is the coolest.  Very patient, kind, helpful, etc.  A great guy.  I've also worked with Robert and Vance and they were very cool as well.  And most of the volunteers have been sweet and awesome as well.  I love Joyce... she's the shiz-nit.5.  You learn stuff along the way.  They even have a TV and sound in the dishes room so that you can try to follow what the cook is doing for the class while you are doing dishes.  And you'll do LOTS of dishes.The downsides:1.  You'll be on your feet for 7 hours and working most of that time.  Honestly, I don't mind this a bit and the time FLIES.2.  Most of the people are AWESOME.  But you get the occasional staff member (won't mention any names) or volunteer with entitlement issues.  One volunteer with whom I worked didn't wash a single dish the whole time we worked together.  I think she thought she was above it since she had volunteered a couple of times.  And I recently worked with one of the newer staff members who has that "I can cook so I don't have to be nice to people who can't cook" attitude.  So this person was super-nice and talkative with the other cooks including the outside cook, but didn't speak to the volunteers really at all and even ignored me or treated me like a poor stupid underling a few times when I'd ask questions.Honestly, if it weren't for this last point, this would EASILY be a 5-star experience.  And I mention it so that you'll know.  But it's really not a huge deal as long as you are able to be around people like that.And again, I can't emphasize enough how awesome Paul, Robert, and most of the staff and volunteers are.  Really some of the coolest most helpful people I've met.  And overall, I HIGHLY recommend volunteering.if you have any questions, please feel free to write me a personal message.  Heck, I'd love to work a class with anyone that is interested.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,4/27/2008,14,128,8,9,7>so if you've ever been to fogo de chao then you know what this place is all about. one of my complaints about fogo is that its awfully expensive for a place that really can never aspire to be anything more than a glutton stuff your face till you are about to explode eating establishment. that's where estancia starts to pull ahead in the race of the meatasaurs. it offers scaled back salad bar. a compressed winelist. a little less in the way of ambiance. BUT they don't skimp on the meat. sooo...this is where i start to get excited. i go other places for romance and fine dining. when i wanna eat until i break out in the meat sweats i'll go here or the salt lick. so why should i spend $10-20 more for fogo de chao???also kind of cool....as nearly as i can tell this place isn't a big part of an enormous chain. it may be owned by some evil corporation, but at least its a one of a kind establishment (for now).
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,4/26/2008,40,69,22,2,8>I can't believe I'm writing this.  But I'm cheating on my boyfriend.  I have a secret crush on this dude named JJ who makes these awesome sandwiches.  I told my boyfriend that I was cheating on him with JJ.  He couldn't believe his ears.  He knows JJ and actually dislikes him.  He then told me he was having an affair with someone too.  He's been seeing my best friend, Ms. T Cloud.  I couldn't believe that I've been betrayed!!  So, for the past few weeks I've sworn to my boyfriend that I wouldn't go see JJ.  I lied.  I love the sandwiches.  They are the yummiest sandies in town.  My faves are the Vito and the slim 6.  They remind me of the sandwiches that my uncle would make.  JJ, I like you a lot.  You're the fastest sandwich maker in the world.  You'll even do a drive by and deliver my sandwich to my office. But, I will have to dump you in order to keep my relationship with my boyfriend.  Psst... See you next week.. same time, maybe different location so I don't get caught!
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2008,4/25/2008,84,133,24,6,9>Help. I came here to Lowe's yesterday to get some work gloves.  After a couple of hours of wandering, I found them over by aisle 19 but I got lost and haven't been able to find the checkout line.   Send help; I am hungry, tired and cold.Update - I found a big tent, a sleeping bag, and a flash light over on aisle 39 so I think that I will sleep better tonight. I've started a fire in a "Garden Treasures 30 inch Cast Iron Fire Pit" and I'm starting to warm up.  I was hoping some one would notice me when all the smoke alarms started going off but no such luck.  I  still need help though.  I hope someone reports me missing before the next Elite yelp function because I would hate to miss that.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,4/24/2008,41,13,2,9,8>Alright, this is my first ever review on Yelp.com, despite reading it all the time.  I simply felt compelled to write a review after visiting this place.Simply put, this place rocks.I was born and raised in Austin and currently live here studying at UT.  I'm only 21 so I don't have much bar / 6th St. experience, but I've eaten at many restaurants around Austin and I can say with conviction that the burger I had here was hands down the best I've ever had in Austin.  The thing was humongous, medium-rare (I ain't afraid of no bacteria), spiced and condimented properly.  I had the Chicago, but based off all the reviews here I'll try the Amarillo next.My girlfriend and I went here with about 7 other friends and had excellent service.  While I don't doubt that it can take upwards of an hour or so to get your burger, we were lucky and got ours in under a half hour.  The pitcher beer on tap was a bit disappointing.  They only had Guiness, Blue Moon, and Shiner.  I unfortunately forgot to check out their bottle selection so I don't know if that's any better or not.  Their pitcher selection is the ONLY reason I'm giving them 4 stars.  It'd be good of them to expand the variety of beer on tap, or at the very least offer some local favorites like Fireman's #4 or Bootlegger.The ambiance and decor were great.  While I'm not goth or punk at all, it was very comfortable.  I spent 98% of my time outside or upstairs playing pool, so while I can't really speak on the TVs or jukebox, the fact that another reviewer saw them playing Bladerunner on the TVs is definitely a thumbs up.  While I'm not really into 6th St., this is a place I will definitely be visiting many times again in the future.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/23/2008,40,59,13,10,10>You just can't go wrong with the Continental Club, unless you hate superb music, hate drinking, and hate an eclectic crowd of people.  I suppose if you hate having a sexy cocktail server always check on you, just as you're finishing your drink, and hate inexpensive drinks, and hate free Happy Hour shows with superb bands like The Blue's Specialists and Mother Truckers, then you might want to stay clear.  For those people who basically hate fun, and hate having the best place to bring an out-of-town-first-time-to-Austin guest, so he or she won't have  6th street as his or her only representation of the music scene here, well ... basically if you hate being cool and hate being happy, then I probably would not recommend the Continental.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,4/22/2008,155,339,4,11,10>My husband and I tried Haiku tonight and really enjoyed it. We had the Love Boat, and my lord is it huge. The sushi and tempura were good, the teriyaki, especially the beef was awesome. The chicken rice is more like donburi rice than fried rice, nice and mild and slightly sweet, not oily at all.   The soup is a clear dashi with a few noodles in it instead of miso soup, which is a nice light start to the meal. The service was great and the restaurant was very pretty and relaxing. My husband proclaimed we had to be members of the "clean boat club" (much to my dismay) but we ended up taking home enough food for both our our lunch tomorrow.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,4/21/2008,141,179,4,20,19>Meat from responsible sustainable growers, no hormones etc, so I can actually eat it. I love the lamb from San Angelo. My guy favors the hangar steak -- it was amazing. Completely. He's also a huge fan of the green chili grits. Family style sides all good: grilled asparagus especially. I recommend the chickpea/goat cheese appetizer. It will make you weep, in a good way.Servers have always been prompt and thorough. Nice bartenders too. A bit pricey and sometimes noisy--we save it for our special occasion place. I heard of Lambert's before it was open, how? At the downtown farmer's market. The owner was talking to Thunderheart Bison, saying he was opening a place that featured meat NOT produced on the industrial model: only grass raised and sourced as local as possible. I was rude and interrupted him to ask where his restaurant was going to be. He pointed to a historic brick building two blocks away. The kind of business I like to support. And I leave well-fed and happy.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,4/20/2008,52,57,11,7,10>I never thought in a million years I would get a Dirty Sanchez, let alone pay for one.  Best taco I have ever had.  Innovative.  How is it that no one before now (that I know of) thought to put escabeche on a taco for the kick it needs.  Brilliant.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,4/19/2008,121,212,4,12,12>You know, I guess there's a reason they call it "soul food."  Not only were Lola's creations a flavor explosion that resulted in an unexpected cascade of brain chemicals that left me with big warm fuzzies, but the atmosphere Lola created - with the help of a few great yelpers - was, much like the food, "off the chain."I came for the food, but left with an experience.  Lola's kitchen is another reminder that there is something right with the world, if you care enough to look for it.  And that is food for the soul.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2008,4/18/2008,179,276,35,15,18>There is much to do here at MT, so I'll get right into it:-stand in front of the live crabs and poke at them. In their unhydrated and weakened state they are too slow to grab your fingers with their claws. laugh out loud. receive disapproving glances from the groupers in the fishtank.-In this world of increasingly gluten-free products, it's good to know MT carries a smorgasboard of gluten-full products: braised gluten, fried gluten, steamed gluten, gluten galore! If you're with your significant other, point and say "that's disgusting." Then sneak one in your cart.-Marvel at the peculiar selection of shumai. Wasabi & pork shumai. interesting. Peas and cheese shumai. strange. Cherry Garcia shumai. Now they've gone too far.- Buy a giant economy size bag of MSG. Sprinkle it on everything you eat....popcorn, chips, even bbq. It also doubles as laundry detergent and you can de-ice your windshields with it when it gets cold.-Compare ice creams in the freezer. Giant plastic bucket of some generic brand american ice cream vs the colorful and neatly packaged mochi ice cream balls. Note how the japanese ice cream is smaller yet more reliable and cost-efficient.-If you've never seen durian, go find it in the fruit section and smell it. It's just like flowers, I promise.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,4/17/2008,15,40,9,9,9>This has been my new healing solution.Previously, it was massive amounts of alcohol.Who's joking?The classes offered are on all levels and at all times of the day, every day of the week.  The variety of instructors is great, too!  Some teachers are more laid back and just let you do your thing.  Others are hands-on and will come around to correct you.  Some will verbally remind you to breathe, what you should be doing with body.  I've even had some who joke around during class and make us all at ease. They offer great packages and their website is stellar, very informative with good descriptions of the different types of yoga and of the instructors' bios.Since I've been going, I've really gotten more flexible and have even lost some weight and can fit in my skinny jeans!Don't forget your tea at the end.  It's my personal highlight!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2007,4/16/2008,17,24,5,13,10>I've decided to devote my virgin yelp review to Sushi Niichi not only because I work here, but also because this place has become one of my favorite places to eat long before I started working here. Therefore, this review will be biased. But I just want to clarify that I truly love this place!!The restaurant is small and has simple but pleasant decorations. Customers usually get greeted cheerfully upon entering the door, and they can choose either to sit at tables or at the sushi bar. For the latter, you can chat with the sushi chefs while observing them create some amazingly tasty sushi rolls. Personally, I never get tired of watching them. Sushi making is a form of art! It's like.... edible origami that melt in your mouth??! Mmm ... I just worked today and I want to go back already.On the menu, there are a wide categories for you to choose from. For appetizers I'll recommend Sesame Seaweed and Ginger Salads, which are very light yet flavorful. Just about the right taste to get you ready for some yummy sushi. As for the sushi- all the special rolls are really really tasty. Even though a bit expensive ($13-15 on average), they are usually in good portion, with tastes so sophisticated and presentations nicely put out. Highly recommend: Hawaii, Pink Pearl, True Love, and Cherry Blossom. The price of regular rolls ranges from $5- $10.The popular Blue Moonlight is a must have! They also offer Dons , which are like main dishes and Bentos, which are like combo meals. Bentos are great bargain deals cuz you get to taste everything with pretty reasonable prices- miso soup, salad, (shrimp) veggie tempura, California rolls and your choice of main dish. The unagi (grilled eel) ones are very delicious! And it's a good choice for people who don't like raw fish but found themselves in a sushi bar!! As Dennise D. mentioned, Chirashi (scattered sushi) is a great deal too. It's kind of hidden in the menu and nobody really knows what it is, so it is rarely ordered. However, it's one of my favorate items of this restaurant. It's basically various sashimi and cucumbers placed on rice, hence the name scattered sushi. The option C is my favorite- with sake (salmon), hamichi (yellow tail), unagi (grilled eel), masago (fish roes), and cucumers. Think about it.... you get to have sashimi AND get full!!! That doesn't happen too often, does it?!! ;) Go check out my photo to see what it's like if you've been attemping to figure out Chirashi in your mental picture but had a hard time succeeding at it.All in all, if you're considering visiting this place for the first time... go during their happy hours (Sun to Thu 4-6) and see if you like it. It's also a great time to try some seriously good Japanese beers like Sapporo and Asahi. Just an insider's tip! Hopefully this will help you all  with a good start trying out this place!!**Edit**After reading this post for a few times, I ask myself, "can any places have only positive but no negative sides?" Not likely! Therefore, despite the adoration I have for this place, I feel obligated to warn you that there will be waiting! Afterall, everything is made-to-order and we're talking about sushi here. However it's getting a lot faster lately because of the additional chefs hired recently. My recommendation will be: go eat with good company so that you can actually enjoy your waiting  and then enjoy the delicacies together. ;)
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,4/15/2008,724,628,17,19,18>Cutest.  Baby.  Stuff.  EVER.If you're looking for hip, gorgeous, modern baby clothing, bedding, toys and gifts, look no further than Wee.  This fabulous shop reflects the same well-edited, discriminatingly-selected vibe of its sister home-goods store, Finch.  Looking for a baby gift for a hip mama?  Go to Wee.  Are you a stylish mama or mama-to-be?  Come here to indulge yourself (and your baby), or sign up for their baby registry so your friends can indulge you, too!  The goodies aren't cheap, but they're well-made, utterly beautiful, and splurge-worthy.  The adorable free gift wrapping rounds out your upscale shopping experience.  Oh, and they offer validated free parking in the City Hall parking garage before 5:00 pm!This place has the best baby goods eye candy I have ever seen.  It almost makes me want to have a baby myself.Almost.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,4/14/2008,0,0,17,13,13>So i had my first brazilian with angie today based on reviews i'd read here...let's just say, she is worth every penny because her front and back lawn care is not something to be messed with.  Now, not to sound snotty but I've been waxed while living in two of the most superficial cities in the US (that's LA and NY) and I do not skimp on maintenance when it comes to my little kittycat.  Angie beats both of the places I used to get waxed and she's adorable, gentle, thorough and charasmatic to boot.  Her office is soothing, she is soothing--overall a near perfect experience despite the fact that I was getting hair ripped outta my nether regions.    My only recommendations:  don't be all shy and coy and do a little trim beforehand (guilty!) because it only makes life harder on both her and you.  Go in there flaunting full bush.  She won't make you feel bad about it.  And remember, cash or check only!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,4/13/2008,27,84,16,8,11>In the world of bulk-goods, there are clearly two types of people: Costco people and Sam's people.  I am a rather long-time Costco-phile; my handsome companion, on the other hand, is a S-Club kid.  Now, after many weeks of argument, we go to both.And so I really, really know why Costco's better now.First, they do have fancier foodstuffs and house products.  It doesn't take the New York Times to write an article "revealing" that Costco is the foundation of many a high-ticket Manhattan/D.C. society soiree to tell you that there ain't no almond butter at Sam's.  Though they did (see tinyurl.com/2kwdd3).   No, sir.  Costco reaches a bit higher in hippie-friendly and snob-friendly foods (see, e.g., the truffles one can buy from their website).Second, their carts are nicer.  Brand new, gleaming white, still-covered-in-soft-plastic-covering carts.  That's just how we roll.And finally, underwear.  There's a lot you can figure out about a person from their underwear; there's a lot you can figure out a bulk store from their underwear, too.  Ladies, listen up: Sam's does not carry thongs.  Never.  Not once.  You want basketball-court sized bright white underoos?  Sam's right there for you.  You want something a little slinky?  No, sir.  The thong just makes Sam, you know, a little uncomfortable.  Costco, however---the crazy, new-cart-riding, almond-butter carrying modern cosmopolitan that it is---knows all about skimpy underwear.  And, c'mon, who doesn't want thongs in bulk?
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,4/10/2008,7,8,9,9,11>One of the better Irish Pubs I have been to - full of lovely expats who are looking for good pint, delicious food and the sports we can't get on regular American TV.Fondest memory: Watching my beloved Springboks beat the silly Poms in the RWC final last year while at Fado. It was glorious!Food: Guinness wings are orgasmic. Burgers are awesome too. Basically the food in general is delicious.Drink: I love that they have Strongbow, albeit in a can, as it is the most delectable cider to drink on a hot summer day. Or just a hot day in Texas. (Get some kudos from the barman by asking for some ice in your Strongbow - it's the proper way to drink it and will garner respect.)Service: Can be a bit slow when it's busy but the staff are super nice and always up for a chat.Others: Watch out for the slightly tipsy male expats. They will do their best to (literally) charm the pants off of you.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,4/9/2008,82,125,16,8,8>I'm havin an organic love affair with Daily Juice.  There I said it.  I sneak off to be with her.  Sometimes I lie about where I'm going.  She always builds me up and supports me.  She never criticizes or naggs at me.  She makes me feel special and important.  And she's so hot too with her Subliminator, Tropical Transfusion, Fire Hydrant, Green Party ass.She likes to do Goji berry and Wheat grass shots, that sexy little minx.   You should see her dressed to the nines in raw Almond Butter, Ginseng and Spirulina.  And the Master Cleanse...OOOHH BABY I think I'm having an organicasm!!
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,4/8/2008,664,120,62,14,21>So I'm in line at this Home Depot just before Christmas to buy an all too expensive vacuum. You know. One of those filterless boys with cyclone power that could suck a golfball through a garden hose.I'm in line and the guy in front of me gets a call on his cell phone. His ringer is Back in Black.Troglodyte, badly-permed 40 year old woman from Jersey working the register says, "Back in Black is my favorite album. I'll give you this five gallon orange bucket here you have been carrying stuff around in for free."I ask her if she is such a big AC/DC fan, what would she do for someone named Angus. She says she'd take 10 percent off their order.That thwack you hear is my ID on the counter. Hello fifty bucks off this stupid vacuum.So I get into the parking lot, and decide to call dad and tell him thanks for sticking me with this name. I get about to the point that I'm telling him i bought a really expensive vacuum cleaner and realize this story isn't going to work with this audience and/or his Dust Bowl (read: cheapass) upbringing. I rush through the story. Dad says, "Now who did she think you were?"So I back the train up. "Dad, there's a band. Called AC/DC. They have a guitar player ... ""Do they play any George Strait?"" ... yes. Yes, they do. They play that sad one about the breakup." Then I have to back up and go through the fact that cell phones can have different ringtones. They don't all have to sound like a Nokia commercial. "I don't know why anyone would change their ringtone either, Dad."So we get through this opus that includes deep background on 70s hard rock music and cellular phone technology and vacuums, and the story has been told a second time."Here. Tell this story to your mother." "Hi, hon, do you need anything?" (She always gets on the phone so fast I swear they're both listening with the phone between them.)"No. mom. But here's the deal: there's this band, called AC/DC.""Oh yeah. I've heard ot them.""No, you haven't but thanks for pretending, mom." We get all the way through the story. She tells me I always did tell stories well. Going all the way back to kindergarten. "Got to go, mom. I'm already home and I've been sitting in the driveway with the truck running for 45 minutes while I catch you up on all these developments in the world."So I go inside, crack open a beer and start putting this infernal vacuum together. Oddly, there are no screws. No fasteners at all. All the plastic pieces just snap together. Three beers and 45 minutes later, I think I almost have it put together and it also will transform into Vacuumus Prime.My phone rings. It's a number from my hometown that I don't recognize. It's my cousin. "Now tell me this story about how someone thought you were famous and gave you a vacuum cleaner. I think your dad got something wrong."I give him the 5 minute version. We'll call it the "Normal Person Version." He says, "Oh. That makes sense, while, at the same time being nothing like the story your dad just came over here and told."There's no such thing as a free $50 discount because your name is Angus. There just isn't. I earned every penny. I wish dad had named me Sue. Then I would be honor bound to kick the crap out of him.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,4/7/2008,41,166,12,16,10>GO HERE. GIVE THIS PLACE YOUR MONEY.Why? Because I need it. India Kitchen is not allowed to go out of business because it is the only good Indian food near my apartment. As Brian S. said, there is a serious lack of Indian food in this area.The food is so good I ate until I couldn't move. And then I ate more. I felt like I was going to throw up - but I couldn't bear to waste the food.Its a buffet. So walk in, sit down, get your drink orders, and feed yourself. All you can eat. The owners are very nice and super attentive. You don't have to eat the buffet - there are individual orders available. They have a menu, but I recommend the buffet. Its economically the wiser decision. But the menu has more options (like the samosas Christina A. mentioned weren't at the buffet).Very vegetarian friendly! I hear the vegetarian dishes are better than the meat dishes. Vegans should ask about items to be sure, but the ingredients are listed on cards on the buffet.Sometimes there are coupons on the website, so be sure to check that out.PS - The parking lot is ghetto. Lock your car. Hide valuables. And if you can take the face plate off your stereo, do it. Not kidding. Every time I've been here, there was a guy wandering around the parking lot trying to get into cars.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2007,4/5/2008,41,25,28,11,12>Over the years I've tried many different Thai places, and in that time I've come to the conclusion that the people of Thailand must be really busy.  So busy, in fact, that they can't even be bothered to create actual names for their food.  Instead, they just assign a letter and a number to each dish.  You want an appetizer?  Try A4.  Noodles?  N6.  Curry?  C2.  No wait - make that C3.  Don't like what you ordered?  Try a different number next time, asshole.  The Thais don't have time for your bullshit.However, just in case you don't feel like rolling the dice on a meal or making 12 trips to Thai Passion before you're lucky enough to come across it, I'll let you in on a little secret.  The only letter and number combination you'll ever need to know is this:  N2.  Say it with me.  N.  2.  If you think you might have trouble remembering it, here's the trick - flat rice noodles (N).  Basil (0.5).  Tomatoes (0.5).  Onions (0.5).  Bell Peppers (0.5).  Simple mathematics.  Even a Thai can do it: N+0.5+0.5+0.5+0.5=delicious.  And the best part?  They're open until 3am EVERY NIGHT.  That means you can get the N-mother-fucking-2 pretty much whenever you want.  For example, I left W. 6th St. around closing time last Friday night.  On my way out of the bar, I hit the speed dial on my phone for Thai Passion (which is, you guessed it, N2) and placed my order.  It was ready by the time I walked the 3 blocks to get there.  There's only one downside to the late-night eats.  Past 1am, you will typically be walking into the restaurant drunk, and they always seem to have a bunch of really cute Thai girls working around that time.  You might want to roll the dice, but if I've learned anything from my buddy who visits Thailand on a regular basis, it's this:  cute Thai girls are often really Thai boys.  Y'all ain't foolin' me.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2008,4/4/2008,474,618,10,17,17>I had such a wonderful evening here with 4 of my girlfriends. We had planned on going to dinner at another place, but when we heard there was a 2 hour wait, we quickly moved our dinner to Bistro 88. They quickly accommodated us and didn't mind that our whole party wasn't there. Our waiter was really nice and let us early birds sip on wine and enjoy some appetizers, in particular the Tuna Tartare with goat cheese.For dinner, I went with the sashimi combination instead one of their entrees. The presentation was stellar and there was more than enough to fill me up. With wine, appetizers and an entree, expect to pay about $50 per person.The ambiance is really nice, a somewhat small room, and I kind of felt bad for the couples sitting near our group of girlfriends, who were probably a little louder than everyone else, as we talked about childbirth, Heath Ledger, Perez Hilton and cleaning ladies.Thank you Bistro 88, for a very fun evening with my girlfriends.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,4/3/2008,246,167,35,5,20>Oh, Fire Station 14, what can I say?  This place is a fantastic Fire Station for many, many reasons.The first is that it is the closest Fire Station to my house, and in the two and a half years that I have lived here, my house has never burned down.  Not once.  Never so much as singed.  Nice work, fellas.The second is that, at Fire Station 14 (and I assume at all the others) you can get some more of Austin's blue plastic recycle bins.  While I have heard that the Austin recycling program is perhaps not what it should be, it's better than nothing at all, and they are generous with their recycle bins.  You know what you have to do to get some extras?  Just go by the Fire Station and ask.  They have HUNDREDS.Third, they are extremely good at keeping a healthy positive schedule.  When I lived in Lubbock, I lived very close to a Fire Station.  Those guys kept a TERRIBLE schedule.  They let the people in Lubbock set their houses on fire at 5 or 6 in the morning, ALL THE TIME!  Then they went whipping off to those fires, sirens wailing and loud as hell, waking me up every time as they rocketed past my house!  The Lubbock Fire Station was VERY inconsiderate.  Fire Station 14 is much nicer.  The people around here are never, ever allowed to burn themselves up at inopportune times of the day, and the fire trucks never wake me up.But the absolute greatest thing about Fire Station 14 is the Mustaches.   When I first went there, to pick up the aforementioned recycling bins, I was shocked at the sheer magnitude of them, both the never ending quantity, and the AMAZING quality.  There were Mustaches everywhere, long and think and magnificent, it was like having my fire safety watched over by an entire clan of Viking sailors.  These were no wimpy card sharp Mustaches, either.  Jimmy Buffet's song had nothing to do with these glorious displays of facial hair, and the guys in Super Troopers haven't got squat on the Firemen of Fire Station 14.  The Mustaches seemed to carry the dignity of Great Men, Warriors and Kings, and dare I say, terrible and mighty hairy faced Gods.  The Mustaches covered every upper lip in sight like regal and furry vestiges of valor and pride, worn proudly with the air of gunslingers like Wyatt Earp.  They were all neatly cleaned, no stray crumbs or dripping soup in these Mustaches, no sir.  These were the Mustaches of Men, badges of honor that clearly must be earned in the belly of the great fiery Beast.  Thus, I give thanks to the wonderful Mustachioed Protectors of my home at Fire Station 14.   Would that I could grow something as elegant and hairy on my face, and stare down the fires of Hell itself along side you.Seriously, every guy in the place had one, I counted like 12.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,4/2/2008,476,262,24,12,14>Materials and Methods.  My first Exam to become a registered Architect.  Sister in Seattle knows what I like when I have been stressed to the gills for 3 weeks.  Freshly baked (and HOT!) chocolate chip and M & M cookies delivered to my front door 15 minutes after I arrive home from said exam.  Illegal in 49 states.  I passed (out.)  My Sweetie will be out of town this Valentine's so I need to "Sweet Treat" myself, so to speak.  I am going to see if they will deliver 5 pounds of fresh chocolate chip cookie dough.   That and a growler of Amber beer from Billy Bob's and I am ready for some lovin'.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2008,4/1/2008,120,116,7,14,12>Thank GOD.  I've been looking for an assembly-line style salad place since we moved here.  However, I had to deduct a star because it is too expensive to eat here frequently for lunch, which is what I did in NYC.I got Strawberry Fields, a lovely mix of strawberries, goat cheese, spinach, sunflower seeds, candied pecans and BACON.  It's very very tasty.  Be sure you want what you order, because the portions are ginormous.  It works out though, because you'll spend about $10 on it.  I was too late to do this, but I think next time I go there, I'm going to ask them to hold the dressing and bag half of the salad so I can eat it the next day, without it being Soggytown.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2007,3/31/2008,103,80,16,18,17>I've sold my blood to eat at Ruby's. Really I have.  There used to be a little plasma donation center right next door to Ruby's.  I'd sell my platelets (takes about an hour and a half) and receive $17.00 cold hard cash. Then after wards I'd walk next door to Ruby's and get:1. Sausage Wrap ~$1.752. B-BQ Bean and Brisket taco ~$2.503. Home Fries ~$2.50. Then I'd buy a pack of Camels, and a a 6-pack of Lone Star tall boys, and I'd still have money left over for lunch and smokes the next day. All for some white blood cells I apparently didn't need anyway.  Seriously, quit judging me. Sometimes, I'd even splurge and get some pie or cobbler ala mode as well.  When you are really broke you just want to get through the day full and sated. Just get to bed happy and the next day will take care of itself. It is the slacker credo. For awhile just to alleviate my self induced student,stoner,slacker poverty I worked at the Ken's Donuts kinda catty-corner across the street from Ruby's.  The head baker used to come in, clock in, and then head to Ruby's for a pitcher. (They had Pitchers back then)I only got paid $2.85 an hour, but I supplemented that by creating a black-market in day old donuts among my stoner friends. The money allowed me to delve deeper into Ruby's menu. The turkey, hotter than hell chili, brisket plates and beer!  But overtime I've settled on one thing.  The Barbecue bean and brisket taco. It really is goodness.  It has little slices of brisket, BB-Q beans, tomatoes, cheese, onion, superfluous lettuce and your choice of BB-Q sauce or pico. Here is the deal, get both.  My wife and I usually order one taco each, mine on white, hers on wheat and add a side of Ruby's world famous home-fries. Which are really potatoes, green peppers and onion grilled up to greasy perfection. Ruby's has changed alot since Antone's moved from next door. The place that is now an I-luv-video and a Eco-Washeteria used to be the one and only Antone's.  I can't remember if Antone's sold food back then, I don't think it did. But everyone who ever played there, just ate at Ruby's. So you would be eating with world famous blues and rock stars half the time. Their autographs and pictures are still all over the store. I miss Antone's on the drag. I lived across the street from it for years and years. I was so spoiled having world class music and world class BB-Q right out my front door. The only two reasons I can't give Ruby's 5 stars. 1. The prices have gone up. Hey everyone has to make a living. But 2 tacos and some home fries is about $12-14 bucks now pre-tip.2. The service can be a little spotty. Lets just say everyone who works there did *not* just get out of a overly chlorinated pool. They've been doing something else. They are sometimes really quite busy doing other things, and can't be bothered with your order. I give em a break though, it is Austin. I love you Ruby's, I'll be back once a month until I'm six feet under.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,3/30/2008,253,502,19,17,18>Have you ever eaten something for the first time that was so good that you:1. Wished you'd never had it so you could go back and eat it again, for the first time?2. Were writing a review in your head about it as you ate, but couldn't find the words other than, "Holy shit".3. Called Delta, bought a plane ticket, flew home, smacked yo' mama, got back on the plane and flew home, only to sit down at your computer and write your Yelp review?Kids: Eat. This. Chicken. KFC. No, not the Colonel...he just got his rank pulled. The Korean Fried Chicken at Red Cap Chicken is so good, it stripped the Colonel of his rank. Sweet Garlic Chicken. It's like nothing you've ever tasted and once you start, you won't stop. It's finger lickin' good. The chicken is hacked into these chunks that are not identifiable as wing/thigh/breast, etc. but rather 2-3 inch chunks on the bone. They're coated in the ground horns of unicorns, deep fried and coated with a sauce made of rainbows. That's the best way I can describe this bliss.Half a chicken will run you about $7 and feed two people, or one really hungry person who doesn't care about heart disease. The sweet garlic is a base of honey, and then some fire thrown in that, but in a nice, low heat slow burn sort of way. I want to take a bath in it.They have other stuff there too, but I'm not sure what. Probably chicken. Maybe some potatoes or something? You don't care though. You just want the KFC (also available in Hot Korean Pepper).For more information, see this article in last weeks Chronicle:austinchronicle.com/gyro
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,3/29/2008,24,10,22,7,13>I asked my friend and lunch buddy Anne to join me for a meal at Hog Island Deli.  Her face become distant and she said, 'That's ok.  I appreciate the invite, but no thanks."  I stared at her in shock . "You don't like Hog Island Deli, do you?"   She shook her head with a sad expression. "But what about the chairs there, with the angled backs?" I offered, desperation creeping into my voice. "They have that angled back so you get a bit of an ab workout when you lean forward to eat..." I trailed off weakly as she glared at me, hissing, "Oh please. It's not about the calories."All of a sudden, it was like we were strangers.  And I didn't know if we would ever be able to sit together at the same table, breaking bread and sharing secrets like we used to.I know that I will think of her every time I eat a caprese hoagie, antipasto salad or ricotta gnocchi, and that, all things being equal, it's a pretty fair trade.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,3/28/2008,392,291,46,19,29>To me, getting my haircut is like going on a date. I'm paying for the conversation and the haircut is thrown in for free. So, after growing my hair out for two years, I decided to hit up Bird's to donate some of it and leave the rest in a mohawk. By luck of me signing in at the right moment, Shannon was the lucky girl who got to cut my hair. And I'm pretty sure cutting my hair was probably the most fun she had had all week. "Rock Lobster," came over the airwaves and she said that she was having a surreal moment. Apparently, I look like a guy she used to date, to which, I congratulated her on her good tastes. Said guy, had hair just like mine and his favorite song was "Rock Lobster."This being our first date, I didn't delve deeper into her psyche to retrieve the full meaning of this statement. It could mean one of several things: A. I have a visage which she is attracted to and reminds her of someone who was good in her life; therefore the door is open for me to pursue. B. I have a visage which she is attracted to and reminds her of some jerk; therefore the door is closed. C. She just made it all up to make my head spin. D. I really don't look like anyone she has ever known, but she's is hinting that there is attraction. E. She wants a big tip. F. I'm an idiot.Shannon then offered me a beer which I accepted. Methinks she wants to loosen me up a bit so she can take advantage of me.So we get the hair cut and start trying to put it into a mohawk. We have to grab an extra stylist to help with spraying and drying. Shannon then says "You can come back anytime if you can't get it up." Which was obviously a Freudian slip. This was without a doubt the most fun date/haircut experience I've ever had.So, later that night after I had been at the Side Bar for about an hour who do you think walks in the door? Apparently, her friends tipped her off that I was there. What's a guy to do? Is she interested or not? Let me know by giving me Useful, Funny and Cool votes and compliments with advice.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,2/29/2008,3/27/2008,421,603,15,15,14>BOYCOTT QUA.Dear lovely yelpers,Many of you followed my journey post ankle and knee  injury which left me finally after a year of physical therapy, unable to wear any shoes besides my uber sexy orthopedic shoes. Basically they are black flats and those of you that know that know that they look like simple shoes, but in fact cost more then my first born child ( if I had one) and without those shoes I can't walk without stabbing pain.So. There's the lead in.Tonight after almost 6 month break from downtown, my boyfriend and I decide to try to go dancing. We wander all over 6th street and then finally decide to go to Qua on 4th, where at least we know there is no cover and there will be music. We wait in line. We get to the front. I give the man ( a 5'11''  African American man) my ID. He looks me up and down and then says, "Sorry, I can't let you in, we have a dress code at QUA, you must be wearing heels." I was dressed nicely in a black skirt and top, and looked a lot more put together then a lot of the people that had just entered before hand.  I was really calm and explained to the man that I have a knee and ankle injury and that these are doctor prescribed orthopedic shoes, thinking that he would just give in at that point, Americans with Disabilities Act  and all, and decide to let me in. But he stands his ground. I try to explain the situation and he starts giving us attitude, yelling and raising his voice at us. I tell my boyfriend this is pointless and we stand off to the side to wait and see what happened next. Then, three tall girls ( two in FLIP FLOPS) walk up. They are immediately let in with no glance to their offending footwear. We go and inform the bouncer of this. He claims to have "missed the shoes." Its clear that there is some serious discrimination taking place here at Qua. We ask him for his name. He refuses to give it.We ask him for his managers name, He refuses to give it. We ask him to speak to his manager, he refuses to let us. We then go to speak to the man on the exit door ( a 6'1'' Hispanic man.) This man is immediately rude and argumentative. Bouncer 1 yells to this man, to "Ignore them man, dont even listen to them." Then Bouncer number two says to my boyfriend, "I'm getting angry man, you are really starting to piss me off now." He also refused to give any sort of name, or speak to the manager.At this point we left, trying to avoid a fight and all.It seemed like Bouncer number two was getting ready to start a physical altercation, and we didn't want a part of that.There was a lady in a wheelchair that we almost gave a few bucks to to see if she could get in, without heels and all, just as an experiment, but decided against it.Me and my offending orthopedics will never set foot near Qua again,. and I seriously hope that all of you who might be possibly thinking of going to this repulsive place, decide to boycott in support. .
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,3/25/2008,60,14,23,17,17>I love Austin Karaoke, and have been here well over a hundred times. In fact, whenever I hear the words "last call", I instinctively round up everyone in the near vicinity and attempt to organize a field trip to AK.WHY? Because the point of going out is to cut loose... and there's no better way to accomplish this than singing crappy backup vocals to a song you'd otherwise never listen to (but somehow know the words), with friends who are singing just as bad (if not worse).As an AK veteran, I can say that the entire experience hinges on 2 things. A) Who you're with and B) how wasted you are. I will assume that we're all grownups here and can adequately address B with no problems so I will expound on A based upon years of karaoke wisdom.Tip #1) Bring chicks. Nothing sucks more than a roomful of dudes serenading each other. It's gay. Especially when some assclown  violates every man law by putting in a cheesy love ballad like "Right Here Waiting"... If you need added imagery, look up "whack" in the dictionary.Tip #2) Hide the Remote from the Mic Hog*. There's always one in every group... the one that thinks their voice is the bomb and has to sing every one of their greatest hits before the night ends. Yes, karaoke's about showin' off, but allowing the mic hog to hold a private concert breeds boredom. Giving autonomy of the remote to this person is even worse, because the song queue will fill up faster than you can say "Hotel California" and no one else will get to sing.Tip #3) Don' t be shy. There are no good or bad singers at karaoke, just people that don't sing and people that sing too damn much. Nobody's gonna care if you butcher Green Day if it means postponing the Mic Hog's third rendition of Celine Dion. And when you DO sing, put some heart into it and let loose. I'll take a spirited performance complete with screams and falsettos any day over someone that just drones in a lower octave but hits every note...Tip #4) Leave the Room once in awhile. One of the coolest things about AK is the diversity of people that frequent the place. Get out of your room and talk to some ppl. You might end up singing in a room full of strangers, you might even get some digits, but you will definitely have fun.That's about all I've got for Austin Karaoke. I still don't know what anything costs there because usually by the time we check out, I've blacked out. But I will say that there are certain "benefits" for people that the staff recognize. If you haven't been, make an effort to stop by after your next night out on the town. And if you hear someone doing the Axl Rose "ay-eeeeeay-eeeeeaaaayyyyy" thing too much when you're in the hallway, well... come in and say hello, I could always use another backup...* disclaimer: The author is a repeated offender, guilty of several mic hogging sessions.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2008,3/24/2008,55,196,16,21,13>I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed Teo! I am there almost every day drinking my decaf vanilla soy latte. If you can get Dario to make it, it is the BEST latte in town, by far. I like my coffee a little bitter and acidic. Eric doesn't. That's okay.They lose a couple of stars because the owner (Matteo) is a tool. He is consistently rude and aloof. He was supposedly trained in Italy and maybe that's how people treat gelato-eaters in the old country. Newsflash, Matt. You're in Texas now. And your customers pay your salary. Take the advice of your kindergarten teacher and BE NICE.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,3/23/2008,522,1205,6,20,13>I am really shocked by all the bad reviews here.  This has been one of my favorite special occasion restaurants since I moved to Austin 10 years ago.Eating here is like being transported back in time to a stone cottage in Ireland and the Kinsella family who runs and works the place makes you feel like a family guest from the minute you walk through the door.This place is my dream home -  if they would let me I would move right on in:Stone cottage - checkGreen claw-foot tub in the bathroom - checkLace curtains and candles - checkHill Country Views- checkIrish gardens - checkMade from scratch meals at least 5 days a week - checkAll you can eat fresh Irish Soda Bread - double checkHuge selection of Irish Whiskeys, Wines and Beers - double double check checkMy last name starts with McC so I know 50% about Irish food from my Daddy's side.  I know my Jameson and I know Escargot should be served in the shell - a rare find, but that is how they serve it in herb butter sauce.If you still doubt my expertise imagine onion soup served in an onion shell topped with brandy and flambeed table side. Then  imagine Lobster sauteed in heavy cream and Irish Whiskey or Steak with Truffles.  And the Irish Stew is pretty darn good even for the price... And the all you can eat Irish Soda Bread with whipped butter is something I often dream about - I could seriously make a meal off of it alone with a couple of Irish Whiskeys served up neat.Does that qualify me for reviewing an Irish restaurant?PS This would make a great Valentines Day restaurant - it is very romantic and not as well known as some of the other special occasion restaurants so you can likely still get a reservation.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/22/2008,152,351,2,5,6>Just tried Yama Sushi on 620 near HEB and it was great.  We had the Dragon Roll and an Duck wrap of some sort.  The Duck wrap was fantastic for around $10.  The Dragon roll was as good as any other place I have had it. Total lunch with miso, salad, etc. was about $20.  We went in at around 11:45 and it was nearly empty, but I assume it is because they are new or the location isn't perfect.  I live near there so I am thrilled to have another quality Asian place nearby.  The service was excellent and the interior decor was nice.  Check it out!
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2007,3/21/2008,13,14,13,10,17>You haven't seen the dissapointment that I have. Not until you've seen a Medici barista take twice the time you would expect at a Fourbucks to begin a latte, prepare some damn tasty espresso, steam the right amount of milk, pour it into a perfectly wide-mouthed cup, (atop a saucer, as it should be) and create nine tenths of an impressive piece of latte art before [BUMP], a coworker jostles his arm, destroying what was otherwise worthy of placement in the Louvre.  "GOSH, IDIOT!" says the Medici Man, half with the scorn of Mr. Dynamite, half with the sorrow of a trampled artist.Moments later, "damn," says I, realizing that when people give a crap about what they make it tastes really really good.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,3/20/2008,23,14,13,12,12>My very sweet husband surprised me and took me to North by Northwest for Valentines Day because every time I have been there the food has been really good.  Plus, it feels kind of fancy for us even though it is pretty reasonably priced (we are on a tight budget ).  He called in advance and made a reservation for 8:30.  Well, guess what.  When we got there at about 8:27 we were handed a buzzer and ended up having to wait another half hour or so.  What?  RESERVATION.  That means reserve a table for us.  We called ahead so that we would not have to wait.  I felt like I was in the middle of that Seinfeld episode where he tries to rent a car and they lose his reservation.  He says something like "anybody can take a reservation, it's the HOLDING of the reservation that is so important."  The hostess (who was about 14 by the way) explained, "sorry, all the 8:30 reservations just showed up."  No kidding.  So, all of the people who called ahead and said that they would be there at 8:30 showed up at 8:30?  Weird.  Then the buzzers weren't working.  People kept coming to the hostess stand with buzzing buzzers expecting to be seated, but instead were told, "Oh sorry, the buzzers don't work.  We'll just call your name when your table is ready."  Ok, I understand that sometimes there are technical difficulties with the buzzers, but if they are broken, stop handing them out to people!  Don't make people carry around broken buzzers giving them a false sense of hope.After the hostess stand fiasco, we were finally seated and served.  Both of our dinners were delicious.  We definitely left with a positive feeling, hence the 4 star review.  You really need to have a better comprehension of the whole reservation system, though, North by Northwest.  I expect to see that next time I come in.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,3/19/2008,31,26,9,11,11>I'm reluctantly writing this review. This is the kind of place that you'd really rather not have too many people know about. It's a gem. A classic. It doesn't get any better....so stay away! You will not find a better cheeseburger or chocolate shake in town. You just won't. Huts' burgers (not the shakes) might be as good, but not better. But it's the ambience you're here for. Ordering at the old fashioned '50s-style counter..your cheeseburger seared on a flattop girl. (oops.make that 'grill').it doesn't get any better.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2007,3/18/2008,152,219,10,4,9>So now that the Brentwood Tavern has closed, Lala's is the coolest place I live within walking distance of. Heck, it might have been that even before Brentwood closed.Lala's is kitsch in the best sense of the word; it  begs for a great indie movie filming. The producers wouldn't need to change a thing, they could just roll on in and film the drunken pool players beaning people sitting at the bar, the grumpy, sourpuss asian bartender, or the clothesline of santas that dance above the bar each time the men's room door opens. Speaking of santas, they say its always Christmas at Lala's and that especially holds true for smokers, because Lala's appears to be one of the few places in town where you still light up freely and no one even cuts an eye. The last time I was there a very shi*canned me made it an extra special Christmas experience for a smoker from whom I tried to buy a cigarette- for FIVE DOLLARS. The happy smoker gave me three cigarettes and I promptly smoked two then ran to the bathroom and yakked. Now *that* is some serious Christmas spirit.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,3/17/2008,136,206,22,16,11>Comrades!Yes, there is russian food here, and its fairly tasty.But don't let the previous reviewers sway you with their capitalist, pig-dog propaganda!The real joy of this place is the CANDY!By Lenin's beard, there is some truly amazing candy here. Tons of variety, and things you won't find anywhere else in austin.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2007,3/16/2008,212,150,51,19,19>We had a joke in my elementary school:Question: Think you're strong enough to pick up anything?Answer:  Sure. Sure I do.Retort: (Spits a loogie on the ground) Well, then, pick that up!Yeah, not very logical, but it was hilarious. And last night I finally met someone-or thing strong enough to "pick that up".My girl and I were in the mood for a margarita and chips and salsa. It was 9:30, Friday night, and it seemed right. We ducked into El Caribe to scratch the itch.The waitress told us as soon as we sat down that they were closing in 30 minutes. No problem, I said. All we want are some drinks and chips and salsa. We're easy. This is where it got interesting.Waitress: "OK. Just so you know, our margaritas are very strong, and once I put them on the table, there are no exchanges, no returns and no refunds. Do you still want to order them?"My girl and I look at each other. Is that a dare? A warning? Me: "Uh, sure. Rocks, salt for me, and frozen with salt for her."The waitress returned in a few minutes with our drinks, wordlessly set them on the table, and walked away. There was an air of finality."Oooh", my girl said as she made a sarcastic face. "Our margs don't have salt. I guess we can't exchange them", I said. We chuckled and shook our heads as we clinked glasses. We each took a sip.DAMN-HOLY-FUCKING-SHIT-MY-TONGUE-IS-LOSING-A-­LAYER-OF-SKIN-AND-I-THINK-MY-THROAT-IS-BLEEDING!!!"Mine's not bad", she says and slurps her frozen. "Uh, taste mine", I offer."Holy shit", she agrees.What can I do? I feel like I made a deal with El Diablo. I am doomed to drink this unenjoyably stout drink for all eternity. I had to think quickly, or my stomach acid would be challenged for supremacy of my innards."Aha!" I exclaimed, and flagged the waitress, who was deeply entrenched in her closing duties."Can I have an orange juice and a glass of water?" I felt triumphant, somehow.She delivered the drinks, and I chugged half the glass of OJ. I dumped my "rocks margarita", AKA El Turpintino, into the OJ and tasted. Not bad at all.I basically had to shotgun the rest of it, though, because it was almost 10pm. It is safe to say that margarita kicked my ass.If only I'd gone to elementary school with that margarita. He'da picked up that loogie, no sweat.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,3/15/2008,113,106,8,15,15>We were hungry, the Total Woman and I, and we were en route to an evening gathering in South Austin that would keep us captive for hours. We had to eat. We passed by Taqueria Vallarta. For no other reasons than the convenient location and our fondness for the word "Vallarta" (see our photos of Puerto Vallarta and you'll understand), we entered.Like most strip center taquerias, Vallarta is a simple place. It's not large, it's not fancy, it's not stylish. But it was pretty busy for early Saturday evening. Oh, and we were the only Gringos in the building, which I usually take as a promising sign.Service was prompt. We ordered the mushroom quesadilla ($4.99) and a chicken burrito ($3.69).  Iced tea to drink.As we waited for our food, we noticed this was a place for regulars. Families, couples, a group of young men who looked like they just wrapped up another Saturday of work and were taking on fuel for their Saturday night. One nicely dressed older couple seemed to be on a date, a reminder that for many in Austin, those swank "date restaurants" we all take for granted may as well be in another country. Before too long the food arrived. It was very good. The mushroom quesadillas were particularly excellent. Pressed for time, we ate half of each and requested a doggy bag for the rest. It was only then that the service component seemed to unravel a bit., most likely because the place had completely filled up since we'd arrived and orders were flying. We ended up waiting many minutes for the check and the to-go containers. When the check (without the to-go box) finally arrived, we simply went to the counter to pay and wrap up the food ourselves.It worked out fine, and I don't begrudge the wait staff for this hiccup. We'd definitely recommend this place to others looking for an inexpensive and tasty injection of Tex-Mex.  Just don't be in a hurry.Su amigo,Carlos
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,3/14/2008,60,72,12,17,16>want to go back... like now. this very instant. i am somewhat of a french fry connoisseur. it's that one thing in life that will always bring me happiness if executed in the correct manner. i will always find happiness at mighty fine. their fries are crispy crinkle cut singles, wrapped up in a white paper square. each table is armed with the makings of a great topper with season salt, fresh cracked pepper, and of course the red stuff. yum yum. and the next best thing. the milkshakes! made with Texas' very own Blue Bell Homemade Vanilla, every shake starts out with the vanilla classic and the chocolate or strawberry flavoring is added along with their secret ingredient. i was drinking it like water... that's how smooth and creamy they are. i have yet to try to burger and honestly, i'm not a HUGE burger person. but french fries and milkshakes... dreams, baby. dreams! this restaurant is bright and clean and cheery... you just feel all american when you're in this joint.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,3/13/2008,150,65,44,11,14>I've been here:Once, with an ex-boyfriend and his friend to look at beer recipes.  He got a Full Moon Pale Rye knockoff recipe, which he apparently over-boiled. (Oddly, it still tasted pretty good.)Once to buy a 1st-year anniversary present for the same ex-boyfriend - a really cool shiny copper wort chiller to help him make his beer-brewing experience a more "sure bet".Once to meet, again, the same ex-boyfriend at some tasting shindig the store was having in the parking lot, where we drank beer that influenced us to buy an expensive wine kit.  Which he then partly spilled on my sweater when we were making it.Once to buy a new lid for the wine bucket with a gasket on it that had not been f'ed up by being jammed by force by - you guessed it - the same ex-boyfriend.Once to buy mozzerella-making materials, for which I cheaped out and got citric acid and enzymes rather than the $30 kit, and tried to wing it at home with directions from the internet.  Which didn't work, took up a chunk of time and sent the very same ex-boyfriend into a raging temper tantrum. Which more or less set a chain of events that led to the demise of our relationship about a week later. (With the help of some person he hooked up with at a party.  Ok, that's probably not beer-related.  Unless they were both pretty loaded. Probably.)I want the wort chiller back now.  And a few bottles of that wine.Some of that burnt beer.A year of my life.But not so much the ex-boyfriend.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2007,3/12/2008,2077,1403,9,6,10>So I finally made it out to the new Alamo Drafthouse locale downtown last night for the (Good) Friday show, and it was worth the wait.  Not only was the event itself a gas (sort of a one-trick pony, but a gas), there were all sorts of Alamo-friendly goofiness going down, up to and including the rolling competition of mock blunts by three audience members.  Something else to note here, and this likely says as much about Austin or the crowd for this showing as it would about the Alamo.  Someone had *just* sparked a fatty in the men's room when I stopped in.  Foggy.  But even that kinda thing seemed to add a little to the venue's charm:  people here are looking for an immersive experience, no one takes themselves too seriously, and the waitresses during the show were on top of things. Top that off with a guy in a seersucker suit playing up his whiteness at a Friday showing, and you have a winner.  I'm reserving a star for the fact that I wish there were more theaters, but I have a strong inkling I'll be headed back soon regardless.  Props, yo, Alamo.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,3/11/2008,462,751,13,5,7>Dear Southpark Meadows Playscape,I am giving you five stars for allowing me to watch Jessica R. get three seconds of hangtime off one of the ends of your slides before crashing into the ground and histerically giggling.I am also giving you five stars for watching Ryan come down the slides all slow but then watching a lightning bolt of static electricity shoot between the slide and his ass.I am giving you five stars for making my night, Playscape. Also, thanks for not hurting my ass too much when I came off that slide.xoxoxoxoxt
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,3/10/2008,14,9,2,10,17>Hello,My name is Bill and I'm the Bar Manager at Fino.  I'd like to address a couple of the issues posted here.We strive to create unique cocktails that, like our menu, rely on seasonal ingredients.  Many of them use non-traditional ingredients and may not be to everyone's taste.  But we do listen and when drinks aren't working, we change the menu.Earlier this year, we hired a bartender who was not a good fit.  We demand different things from our bartenders than many bars, and our expectations were not met.  That said, there is no excuse for our other staff  being catty behind her back, and I deeply regret that anyone's experience was marred by that kind of unprofessional behavior.On Monday nights, we do currently offer "You Call It Martinis" during Happy Hour, but the reviewer who noted that you can't get an apple martini is correct.  Simply, we don't offer them because we have been unable to find an apple liquor that delivers the taste and quality we want to offer.  During the fall and winter, we frequently have an apple martini (and it will be available again shortly) that uses real apples infused in Tito's vodka.Thank you for your input.  Please stop by and say hello to the bald dude with glasses behind the bar.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,3/9/2008,14,11,4,11,10>Michelle C. keeps touting Primizie, so I had to try it. I am so glad I did because I had a great time. Our waitress was outstanding: helpful, efficient, charming and then tastefully absent. Uncharacteristically, I'm told, the room was not crowded. The people who were there were a decidedly eclectic bunch whose overheard conversations were quite interesting. Most importantly, the food was excellent. It is difficult to characterize the cuisine. Of course it's Italian although Roma and Neopolitan styles take a decided back seat. Some dishes harken Abbruzzi classicism; others fuse Sicillian with Tuscan styles or Bolognese touches with coastal preparations. And some come out of sheer inventiveness with no discernible geography attached to it, like my seared scallops over mashed potatos, plated wth a corn and pomegranite glaze. A basil mint mojito with mussels and burnt tomatoes to start; excellent Chianti with the main course; and very good tiramisu with even better coffee made an "I'll take a chance visit" look like a very, very smart bet. Thanks, Michelle.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,3/8/2008,188,425,19,23,14>ahhh, you will never forget your first time at the bridal extravaganza.  i purchased tickets online (which gives you a $3 discount) and a $10 buca di beppo gift card.  if you happen to notice my review of that place, then you won't be surprised to hear i promptly threw it in the trash.my advice to all newly engaged brides is to have a game plan.  luckily my bridesmaid had planned 2 weddings so she knew all the important questions to ask.  i came prepared with:  -label stickers with my name and email address i use for spam.  -a list of recommended vendors from my venue-pens-bottles of water-comfortable shoes-messenger bag-iphone for taking picturesthis bitch was 100% prepared and vendors noticed.  my friend would ask all the questions as i would pick up the fliers/hand-outs and take notes on them.  also i would snap photos of flowers and any sort of arrangement/item that caught my eye.i sampled all the cakes (even though my place comes with a cake), tried all the catering vendors samples and got my ring cleaned for free.  we then left with an insane sugar rush and headed to sazon to get loaded.overall i would have to say i enjoyed myself.  i ended up meeting/booking with 2 vendors i would have never found otherwise.  it's fun to watch all the sad males being dragged around the place.  the bridezillas are also plentiful and quite humorous.  just take my advice, be prepared and you could end up having some fun!
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,3/7/2008,64,126,10,13,16>Last night I was asked to eat out at Twin Peaks... The boyfriend thought it might be fun, and of course I'm thinking.... this is going to suck. I always get horrible service at Hooters.... it's not my fault mine are bigger than yours..... Anywho.....I went into what used to the be Rockfish and the place looks like the inside of a log cabin. They are showing every sport possible on the wall tvs. They had drink specials for their happy hour as well as a happy hour from 10P-11P. We are greeted by the manager who seats us.... The ladies (like all other theme/boob) restaurants are dressed in lumberjack outfits and fuzzy boots.  Our waitress comes up and asks for drink orders. She was very soft spoken but was very friendly....I don't mean friendly in the "if I push my hooters in your bf's face he will tip me" kinda way.... she was actually very nice. She stood back, addressed me like a female and "Not the enemy" and was verey attentive to us, even despite the fact the place was packed with men.... The bf ordered a beef skewers which comes with mashed potatoes (potato chucks that are topped in salsa and melted cheese) and green beans. I ordered the chicken sandwich (buffalo style) and added american cheese to it.. It was served with fries as well as a small side of baked beans. We first got our side of chips and salsa (on special Wed for $3.99)... the salsa was served hot... I LOVEEEEEE salsa served warm. The flavor of chipotle was enhanced and the red, black and plain chips tasted great with it.  I really enjoyed the salsa. Dinner then came out and I thought the bread could be a bit better or maybe toasted but it was good. My boyfriend said his steak was very overcooked. He ate it anyway, but be aware for anyone who wants medium, it comes out WD so you might make sure you tell them you really dont want it overcooked. He enjoyed the green beans but said the mashed potatos were not his thing. He said he wouldnt want the salsa/maybe it was BBQ on them.....Anyway, They show UFC....football games... all kinds of sports here.... Out of all of the boob themed places (hooters, bikini BG, an whatever) this was by far th friendliest. Usually these types of places are not where you go to eat.... you go to see tits and watch games.... but I was suprised, I thought the food plesant, the staff friendly and this would be somewhere I would go again.... I'm suprised... to even say that...
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,3/6/2008,211,223,8,13,12>right up front let me say that i am friends with the owners/managers of BD rileys.   6th street is not really the type of place that would usually draw me.  the fact that my friends own/manage a bar there is certainly what got me in the door.  but it is not what keeps me coming back.i did not spend a lot of time here before the smoking ban - but then i did not spend a lot of time anywhere before the smoking ban with the possible exception of tuesdays at the continental club where my olfactory senses were dulled following the consumption of certainly too many margaritas, courtesy of guero's.anyway, back to BDs.  with the smoking ban in place, i am able to really enjoy the atmosphere at BDs.  it is a very comfortable and casual place with a very animated and lively regular crowd.  they have a nice beer selection - draft and bottled - and they know how to pour a pint.  i've also had a few martinis there (girly ones, like cosmos and lemon drops) and have found them to be skillfully and generously prepared.  i am not a single malt kind of girl but friends have told me that the selection there is impressive.the food is definitely above average pub fare.  and the kitchen staff is very accommodating for my finicky taste buds (things on the side or held off altogether, substitutions of one thing for another - never seem to be a problem).  the battered mushrooms (appetizer) are my favorite in town - they somehow manage to give you all of that good fry flavor with none of the grease.  these are very light and tasty and almost fool you into thinking what you are eating is healthy.  the black bean queso is another favorite app of mine at BDs - rich and flavorful and served with homemade tortilla chips.  awesome.for entrees, the grilled cheese is an imaginative twist on an old favorite.  nice thick slices of bread (texas toast) surrounding flavorful cheeses with tomato and avocado.  the best grilled cheese i have ever had.  you might not think of ordering grilled cheese with so many other tempting choices - but theirs is worth checking out.the fish and chips also will not disappoint.  again the kitchen folks at BDs are masters of frying foods and leaving the grease behind.  the fish is thick and light, crunchy and not greasy.  and BDs steak fries are thick cut and just salty enough - i could eat a bucket full.for vegetarians, i will say that the veg burger is just average.  it's served on a delicious multigrain bun which helps to make up for the run-of-the-mill patty.  though i have had the veg burger many times and am always satisfied, it is nothing unique and so vegetarians would be advised to try the grilled cheese instead.BDs has live music every night of the week and it's a great smorgasboard of styles.  no head-banging screechers, though.  i have heard some great blues and rock in there.  wednesday nights are pub quiz (trivia) nights beginning at 8pm (get there by 7 to ensure seating) and it's always a lively fun bunch of people.  and did i mention prizes?go check out BDs.  it might very well become your "Norm!" kind of place.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2008,3/5/2008,184,302,21,16,17>"Buca" - Italian for "mouth""Beppo" - Italian for "burp"At least that's what it means to me.  I have not stopped burping since dinner last night.  With so many Italian options in town, why on earth would I pick Buca di Burpo?  Because it was a 16th birthday party for my daughter and 17 of her closest friends, and they LOVE this place. I'll try to write this review through the prism of why we chose it, because I certainly would never eat here if given complete free will.1.  Its noisy.  Noisy loud  and, noisily decorated.  They've kind of got a Chuy's Meets Italian thing going - with crap hung on every available inch of space on the walls.  Not  a fan of the "style" personally, but at least you have plenty of things to look at during dinner.  I ate last night with a giant photo of Frank Sinatra boring his eyes down on me.  As the dinner progressed I became convinced that he could see directly into my soul.Noisy was just what the doctor ordered when you have over 15 teenagers eating together.  We sat them in the "Pope Room" which is exactly what you think it is - a small semi-private area with Pope crap hung on every available wall space, and the additional flair of a big bust of Pope Benedict (I think) in the center of a big lazy susan in the middle of the table.  That gang of kids, even as squealy as 10 teenage girls can get, did not noticeably disturb the other patrons - its that loud in there.2.  The food is "Itallian for the Masses" and I don't mean religious ceremonies.  Its bland, except for the overuse of garlic.  The food seems meant to not offend, much as I feel Olive Garden's does.  We ordered a variety of large platters, and it was definitely hit or miss.  The Cheese Ravioli with Meat Sauce was fine, not remarkable but not bad, either.  The Pasta Rosa was horrid for me, but one of the other adults eating with us liked it.  The Bruschetta was not good - way, way too much garlic ( a theme with Buca di Burpo), the tomatoes seemed soggy, and the bread was really a personal pan pizza, not crustini or slices of bread.  The kids ate most of what was put in front of them, but I did try one of the meatballs from their Spaghetti & Meatballs platter.  To call these "meatballs" is not fair.  They were HUGE.  Like the size of a baby's head.  They were more "meat-orbs" or "meat-spheres", calling them "balls" belies their heft.  I swear the one meat-sphere on my plate had its own gravitational pull.Eating the meat-sphere revealed a definite aftertaste which has stayed with me overnight.  Again with the garlic.  Listen, I am a garlic fan, I love Italian food and do not shy away from garlic as a rule.  But this place, and the meat-spheres in particular, are so laden with garlic that it is actually kind of offensive.  As I took several bites, I  began to get the sense that this was not something I should be eating .  The aftertaste is hard to describe accurately, but suffice to say it was garlic-driven.  A first for me - overpowered by garlic.3.  The service was top notch.  We had two tables - the aforementioned Pope Room and another "four top" where my wife, our neighbor, my son and I sat.  The large group of teenagers were being normal - meaning pains in the butt, constantly getting up and moving around, very loud, etc.  Our server displayed infinite patience even in the face of repeated interruptions.  At one point while our server was trying speak with my wife about what to order, our daughter walked up and stood directly in front of the server and started talking to my wife.  The server just walked away for a few minutes and quickly reappeared to continue the conversation, and dismissed any need for apologies on our part for our daughter's rudeness.  Impressive.So what do I have to say about Buca Di Burpo when all is said and done?  Its fine for large groups, especially kids.  Don't eat here if you consider yourself an Italian food afficionado.  And buy some Tums.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,3/4/2008,18,31,3,7,12>Gotta throw in my two cents. This has been my favorite romantic spot for years: We used to put our name on the list on busy weekend nights, then go play pool and have a drink at the Ritz until Chez Nous called us to claim our table!I've never had anything but fantastic, charming, relaxed service and amazing, finely prepared meals.  The price and the rich fare at Chez Nous make this about a once-a-quarter experience, but one not to be missed.Added bonus: This wins the prize for least-likely-to-feel-rushed. You could easily linger over a 2-3 hour meal here and never feel hurried along.A note: The size and intimacy of the spot make it less ideal for big groups or celebrations. I'd stick to small gatherings, romantic outings, and dinner with the folks (whose snobbish and/or hearty tastes will not be disappointed.)
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2008,3/3/2008,27,85,8,6,9>So, as a disclaimer, I'm not a huge movie fan. I don't know if it's adult on-set ADD or WHAT, but I can not sit still for the life of me. Add a room full of rowdy people with cellphones and I'd much prefer to stay home on my couch. That said, I won't say no to a movie at the Drafthouse. For some reason the food/movie combination makes both things much more enjoyable. Sure, this isn't gourmet and the food can certainly be hit or miss, but delicious queso sure beats a three pound box of Good and Plentys. There is, of course, the danger of the nacho cheese lap drip which goes unnoticed until the lights come on, but that's a risk I'm willing to take. Add a bucket o' beer, and you're in for an enjoyable night. I'm sold.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,3/2/2008,131,37,2,4,4>OK haters... i've been around the block and this place is truly exceptional- both as a sushi house and as a high end restaurant.  Seriously, complaining about the price here is like bitching about the price of an Aston Martin.  I had the opportunity to enjoy the chef's tasting menu and found it to be innovative, exciting, and incredibly delicious food.   They've raised the standard for quality restaurants here in Austin and I salute them.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,3/1/2008,224,413,10,10,11>Oak Parke Greenbelt, will you be my Valentine? I love you in so many ways. I spend at least half an hour here everyday. You are my dogs off leash paradise. My dogs never win, but they play chase the deer here everyday. I love the secret forts that someone built hidden in the  woods. I love that you are my secret entrance to the Veloway. I love that I saw my first family of Armadillos here. I love that your creek fills up when it rains and that my doggies get to have their little dog paddle swim, even if they do get stinky. I love that you sometimes host a paintball fight for my son and the neighborhood boys, even if that mean old man does yell at them. I love that my son & his friends think they saw a Chupacambre here. Oak Parke Greenbelt I absolutely love all that is beautiful and mysterious about you. Please don't ever get developed.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2007,2/29/2008,309,45,15,9,9>I played hooky last night from working or catching up on much needed sleep and instead ended up sitting out on the patio of Polvo's with a couple of friends in mid 40's weather.   Sure, the patio heaters ran out of propane a couple of times.  Sure, the patio's not enclosed enough to stop the breezes from chilling you to the bone.  Sure, I wore shorts.It was still worth it.  The mexmarts are good, the queso is good, the tortillas are good. Hanging around with friends having all three is great.  As others mentioned, the patio's great on warm days.   Service rarely is, but it's decent enough not to be problematic.  The roasted pepper salsa is made with crack, so avoid it or you might have to go to Salsaholics anonymous to fight the addiction.  I've been skipping meetings again.   I've not had much of their food, but apparently I should start.  It's hard to think of a place with a worse parking lot than Polvo's.  When it's busy, this place is nuts to try and find parking.   But if my playing hooky, sitting in cold weather and braving their lot just to visit doesn't convince you to stop by, I don't know what will.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,2/28/2008,446,557,13,12,13>I drove 14.95 miles to eat a cheesesteak here today.  Mind you, that wasn't on purpose.  I would have loved to try the Mesa/Spicewood location, but they were out of steak.  I would have happily eaten at the Anderson Mill/Research location, but, guess what, they were out of steak, too.  HOW CAN I GET MY 2 FOR 1 CHEESESTEAK SPECIAL IF YOU ARE OUT OF STEAK!?!?!  Well, I continued on my quest and eventually ended up in a land far far away--a land called Cedar Park.  By the time I saw the Delaware Subs sign, I was in a pretty bad mood.  I'd been in the car way too long; I was hungry; plus I'd gotten kind of frustrated and lost (183 is not the same as 183A, I now know).  But after all that effort, you better believe I was getting my 2 cheesesteaks for $5.25.     They did not disappoint.  The bread had just the right consistency, soft on the inside, crusty on the outside.  The meat tasted fresh and delicious, perfectly seasoned and impeccably prepared.  The cheese wasn't totally mixed in with the meat, onions, and sweet peppers.  Instead, it sort of coated the bread, which acted as a nice barrier to keep the grease from saturating the bread.  My mood changed immediately, and by the time I left, I was in a state of food-induced euphoria.  Of course that wore off in the 30 min it took to get home, but nevertheless, it was a good sandwich.So, why not 5 stars?  Well, the place was sort of dingy.  Dusty fan, mildewed ceiling tiles, tables could have used wiping, etc.  By no means was it nasty, but it didn't sparkle in a 5-star sort of way. The bathroom  (a one-holer) was not the freshest either.  Though, to it's credit, the toilet paper and soap dispensers were adequately stocked.  But these small problems can be avoided by simply getting take-out.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,2/27/2008,78,61,20,12,12>I blame Jessica S. for my credit card woes.Not really, but her glowing review opened my eyes to a cute new boutique that I had somehow totally missed, considering the fact that I grocery shop and lunch often at the Central Market in the same shopping center, and I get all my hair smell-pretties at the beauty store 3 doors down. As a self-proclaimed hunter of quirky, darling garments in the Austin wild, I was shamed by my own apparent inability to spot the elusive Blue Elephant in my ongoing shopping safari. Points docked for me. So when I stepped into this shabby chic, richly lit boutique, I was amazed to find Jessica S.'s helpful left brain/right brain shopping aesthetic to be quite apt. On the left hand side were all my favorite beauty care companions - Fresh, L'Occitane de Provence, Bliss, Frederic Fekkai, taking all sorts of insidious forms as candles, body scrub, shampoo, lotions, eau de toilettes. On the right hand side of the store were cute and perky AND pricey designer clothes. I was actually really impressed at how much Marc by Marc Jacobs there was. The most I had ever seen was at the mothership Neiman's in Dallas. I had to stop myself from over-ogling the lovely hoodies, Lacoste polos and legions of jeans because after all, clothes have feelings too. They were getting a little uncomfortable with my winks and lascivious gazes. I almost pinched one pair of jeans' ass.So then we come to the part of the story where I try on some jeans. I am a WHORE for jeans, especially pricey designer ones that wheedle and convince me that my butt DOES look lifted and smaller in them. The salesgal who helped me hunt and gather my denim dears was mildly annoying, though. As she pointed out jeans, then deemed them "boring" (Who am I, at age 30, to contradict a 21-year-old fashion plate with a Kim Kardashian 'tude who is sporting a parachute material gym  skirt over a body suit and a Pashmina AND she pulls the look off?? NO ONE, that's who), then selected some alternates, I felt a little like Tai from Clueless; inculcated into the "in" group with some pitying looks and a new wardrobe along the way.So by the time my whirlwind jeans-trying-on experience was complete, I somehow walked out of the store with some oh-so-adorable Seven Dojo jeans in a dark wash, somewhat poorer but with a proud feeling that Kim K. approved. And let's face it, I don't want to be judged and found unworthy, especially by the "cool" kids. This is all Jessica S.'s fault. I hope you're happy. I know I will be, once I get these suckas hemmed. One star off for the priciness and the entitled Laguna Beach attitude of the salesgal. There are only so many times you can hear "SOOOOO" being used less as an adverb and more as a high-pitched territorial yip to ward off enemies before you want to run straight out the door clutching giant handfuls of your own hair.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,2/26/2008,139,109,10,18,17>My 10-year-old Sony 27" CRT TV died last night.  I"m not a TV sort of guy; I have it on a lot, but mostly as background noise.  I don't watch a lot of sports, and I rarely watch a whole movie.  But, having a dead TV in my living room still seemed like a void that needed to be filled.I read a bunch of tutorials on HD technology, even more reviews of current models, and decided on a few possibilities.  I found one of my short-list choices on sale at BestBuy.  I bought it online with in-store pickup.  Everything went smoothly.  About 1 hour after ordering I got the 2 emails saying my purchase was completed and I could pick up the TV at the store.  I'm not telling the model because someone will tell me "Oh, you should have bought this one instead", but I got a 42" 1080p LCD model.I drove there, went to the pickup station, gave a young woman a copy of my email.  Within 2 minutes my TV was at the front door and a man helped load it in the back of my pickup.Now, that's "guy shopping" to me; read the reviews, knew what I wanted, and got it in a totally painless fashion.  Best Buy did what they needed and the whole system worked well.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2008,2/23/2008,324,543,35,30,28>Ten facts about Master G1. Master G doesn't sell coffee, he KICKS COFFEE'S BUTT.2. Master G put nunchucks on the wall of his shop because he is so strong he doesn't need weapons to KICK YOUR BUTT.3. Master G's coffee doesn't burn him because his hands are made of steel. It doesn't burn mere mortals' hands by spilling out the top of the cup (thanks to a cool lid that has a sliding-open thingy), it burns them by being in a cup that's too thin. It KICKS your hands, then KICKS YOUR BUTT.4. Chuck Norris wishes he could own a coffee shop just like Master G. Master G put a poster of Chuck Norris up to make Chuck Norris feel better, but the only thing that will make Master G happy is to KICK Chuck Norris' BUTT. 5. When Master G sells coffee for $2.90, you only have to pay $2.11, but his secret coffee ninjas won't tell you until they've already rung you up. A confused customer is a customer open for a BUTT KICKING.6. Master G's mind control is so powerful, he can convince unfriendly baristas to wear stupid kung fu uniforms while serving coffee. If they didn't wear them, he'd KICK THEIR BUTTS.7. Master G drinks his coffee while sitting erect. He never reclines, and you won't either when you're in his shop that's the opposite of cozy. The atmosphere is designed to evoke ScandinaviAsia, a confusing theme that will boggle your mind, then KICK YOUR BUTT.8. You will pay Master G, or Master G will make sure you never know the pleasure of caffeine again, with a BUTT KICK so severe you will no longer have a nervous system.9. Master G only sells baked goods so you're an easier target for his BUTT-KICKING fury. An idle mouth is a vulnerability, and everyone's vulnerable to Master G's BUTT KICKERY.10. Master G's Kick Butt Coffee will in no way enable you to KICK BUTT more, or harder, or at all.Despite its ALARMING name, this place is pretty much the blandest coffee shop I've been to in Austin. Decent vanilla latte, decent prices, interesting (if thin) cups, seriously unfriendly staff. Very empty on opening day. I was pleasantly surprised by the discounted coffee, but confused about why they wouldn't advertise their specials (lattes are normally $2.90 for a small but were $1.95 today). It's in a shopping center I wouldn't otherwise frequent, so I doubt I'll be back. There's nothing creative or unique on the menu of about 15 items (espresso drinks, basic coffee, baked goods and some bottled juices, as well as wine).And most disappointingly, Master G was not there to KICK MY BUTT. Where are you, King of Kung Fu, Teacher of Tai Chi, Celebrated Coffee Conveyor?
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,2/21/2008,26,38,17,11,14>Writing a review of the Alamo Drafthouse is akin to singing a Celine Dion song for "divas night' on "American Idol"; everyone knows what to expect.  But I was so profoundly affected by my experience there that I am compelled to share.  I went to the "Ladies of the 80s, Part 2" singalong a few weeks ago, and O.  M.  G.  Holy shit, it singlehandedly reinforced my belief that Austin and I were going to get along just fine, if not soon exchange "Best Friends" necklaces.There were streamers.  There was screaming, dancing, singing.  There was a guy next to me with his girlfriend who kept shouting words of encouragement at Pat Benatar, et al, the more he drank, which cracked me up.  Finally, there were inflatable dolls with troublingly large wangs crowdsurfing during the feverish encore of "It's Raining Men".I laughed, I sang, I danced.  It was the closest I've come to a religious experience.  Seriously.  When I have one, I plan to tithe at least 10% of my income to the Alamo.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,2/20/2008,143,315,7,11,11>This is my new favorite bar. Why? Pinball! Pinball! Pinball!  These are the best maintained pinball machines in Austin. Oh, it makes me want to giggle like a schoolgirl! Pins at this location:Family Guy  (Stern 2006) ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=Still learning this machine as it's pretty much brand new. Attack From Mars  (Williams 1995) ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=FUN game!Addams Family (Williams 1992) ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=This game has The Mamushka! And THING! What else can you say.Lord of the Rings (Stern 2003)ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=This machine seems almost new-ish. It had a couple problems when they first got it. Hopefully they've been fixed.Ok, so minus one star for not having draft beer - but, they get that star back for having $2.50 imports on Thursday nightOther pluses: 2 pool tables, a video screen showing Adult Swim, people smoke outside (for the most part).Note - $10 minimum on Credit Cards.I expect to visit here often on slow nights.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2007,2/19/2008,19,109,4,9,6>Right now I am finishing off the vestiges of my lunchtime gluttony feast and I must say...this flourless chocolate torte is pretty fargin' tasty.  The gluttony feast consisted of 3 crabcakes (average-sized, two sauces), the grilled mahi-mahi fish tacos (light, tasty, white corn tortilla), a plate of fries, a key lime pie, and now the chocolate torte.  Yes, I had some help eating all of this.  While I was devouring these delicious fresh treats and indulging in the hot organic coffee, I was eye-flirting with someone's juicy cheeseburger with crispy bacon.   If you are hungry, get more than just an entree.  Their portions are not Texas-sized (which is probably better for your belly).  The staff will get your order a bit wrong and yes, the staff is not very customer-oriented.  In any event, the place is so small, you can easily catch someone that works there to fix your order and they will quickly do so.  What is also great is that most entree options are offered as smaller-portioned "sides" so you can truly indulge in sampling the menu.I will definitely go back and I will eat the breakfast sandwich and maybe the hanger steak sliced or a patty melt as a side.  Mmmm..Update:  FREAKING BEST EGG SANDWICH IN TOWN.  The yolk melts just so over your 9-grain toast and crispy bacon.  I would willingly subject my gluten-intolerant stomach through bread-torture again just for this sandwich.  Service was yet again, spotty.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/18/2008,50,415,17,16,17>You know what I like? A good mural.... I've always been interested in the size, detail, and theme of the murals around town. Well, they ain't got nothing compared to Highland Lanes. Not only does Highland Lanes have a beautiful (strange, interesting) mural depicting life in Austin, but it's also made of carpet..... which makes it so much cooler. How do you maintain a carpet mural? Vacuum it?A carpet mural is really the only thing I need for a 5 star review.... but then throw in an awesome party, some balloons, good smelling food, funny nicknames, bowling pin shaped beer bottles, and a bunch of crazy Yelpers and you got yourself a party. Finding a good ball is somewhat difficult (unless you're an elf with tiny hands) but it also adds to the fun. While you are looking there are endless amounts of "ball" jokes that await you. Also, the pins here seemed to be glued to the floor......I usually know how to handle my balls (the first ball jokes on me).....Highland Lanes proved to be a challenge and I left with my lowest score ever. But it didn't even matter...... I still had a great time. Highland Lanes was a strike in my book!
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2007,2/17/2008,27,69,10,9,7>if it's possible to make out with a restaurant, i want to mug down with Tam Deli. i don't care if i ever get to second base with it. (although i was thinking about it while i ate my pork sammy)so vietnam was a french colony at one point, right? and damn if those cheese eatin' surrender monkeys didn't impart some killer bread knowledge on their subjects. i'm guessing this is one of the reasons vietnamese is so damn good. you get the yummy "asian" thing going with i'd-kill-my-neighbor-for-this-recipe bread. (i don't like my neighbors that much tho) seriously just a guess. someone fill me in if i'm wrong here. please.AND at christmas time (now) they have buche de noel that you can get by the slice. the frosting is awesome! ask for an end piece if there's still one available. we got an end slice, and were glad we did. the frosting had just a nice little coffee hint in with the butter chocolate. yum. the cakey part was a little on the dry side, but still, a winner. take note tho - the decoration isn't the kind that'll win you awards so it might not be one for a grand party, but very nice to take home and share with those you don't need to impress (friends, family, and the aforementioned neighbors)i'd be remiss if i didn't mention the cream puff. one of the ladies there took the tray over a man eating with some of his friends. the tray probably had 15-20 little cream puffs on it. i thought she was taking it over to let him choose the best one, or maybe one for everyone at the table if they were regulars. nope. i was wrong. he had ordered the whole tray. and while his friends ate wholesome balanced meals, this man of about 40 yrs sat there and ate a whole tray of cream puffs as his lunch. i was not grossed out in the least by this. they are that good. i was a little jealous of him. thank goodness we already had ours!if i were a dog, and tam deli was a leg, there'd be some humpin goin on.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/16/2008,62,47,16,8,15>I love Whole Foods. I want to marry it.More specifically, I love the Whole Foods flagship store at 6th and Lamar in Austin, Texas. I've dated its cousins in Chicago, New York and Dallas, but Mr. Flagship is a hunk. Let's just call him Mr. F.My affair with Mr. F began innocently enough: a quick lunch here and there. Then it blossomed into quickie and not-so-quickie dinners, 3-4 times per week. Smitten.My infatuation now potent, I did all of my Christmas shopping there; lead-free toys for the nieces and nephews and care boxes of Austin-made food for everyone else. "Lifestyle brand" is tossed around more than most salads, but Mr. F defines the term. Utility? Sure. Convenience? Check. But we're talking endorphins here. To me, that's lifestyle brand.The smitten mind tends to formulate irrational ideas, and I joined the club like a character on General (Supermarket) Hospital: What if I ate every meal at Mr. F's Whole Foods for an entire week? Breakfast, lunch and dinner. Never eat the same thing twice, like a coupla hormone-crazed kids. Hell, I'd practically move in. Really get to know Mr. F. Maybe keep a change of clothes there, you know? What would that be like?First, a few background notes about the hunky Flagship. Perched directly below company headquarters, he's 80,000 square feet of brawn, yet sensitive and fun. An amusement park for food. He is Whole Foods Mecca. He's the model store for the future.He (yes, the store is a he) houses four mini-restaurants: Italian, seafood, BBQ, and raw/vegan. He has a metrosexual side, too; a sushi bar near the front right next to the pizza station. Of course, Mr. F built an authentic stone hearth oven to cook the pizzas. More urbane than a black leather couch, boys.I'm a sucker for Mr. F's three beverage bars, too -- coffee, wine and smoothies. He makes me downright Pavlovian in Candy Island, or the gelato bar, or the roasted nuts stand. He's practical-yet-upscale in the prepared foods section, with his fancy lump-crab cakes, cranberry cous cous and teriyaki sweet potatoes.  With seating for indoor or outdoor dining (featuring a gurgling creek), free wi-fi and a continuous 80's soundtrack, Mr. F has built Hef's Grotto, minus the nudity.So, for one, food-driven week, I was dough to Mr. F's expert rolling pin. I ate a lot. I ate things I'd otherwise never give a second look. My week wasn't Oprah-transformational (I didn't cry), but we bonded.(See my Flickr photo set here of every single meal: flickr.com/photos/jhuba/.)My week at Whole Foods was a fun fling. Tried new foods. Met new people. It was fulfilling.Too fulfilling. Jeezus, I gained about five pounds.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,2/15/2008,344,274,33,16,15>I love her 165 hours a week, HATE her 3 hours a week.True Story:  I was having lunch with my friend Andres (owner of Fair Bean Coffee shop) at Whole Foods.  I look over his shoulder and say, "dayyyyuuuummmm... there's a girl over there that could kick BOTH our asses."  He looks over and says, "Sarah... come meet my friend Don."Turns out she's also the trainer for my real estate partner Wendi.  And upon further discussion, I find out that she has won some sort of "Texas Trainer of the Year" award twice.  I'd never had a trainer before but decided to give it a go.  So she trained me last summer for just a few weeks before she got hired at USC (yes THE USC) to be the trainer for their football team.  She's legit good.She moved back to Austin this year and we just started training again.  If you need a trainer (and don't want a sissy who will go easy on you), then go nowhere else but Sarah.  She does one-on-ones and classes/group "boot camp" type things (which cost a lot less).  And she's really a nice person (just not 3 hours a week).And don't judge... I know I'm not in shape but we JUST started training again.  Plus if you hate on me, I'll come kick all y'all's asses once I finish her "Fit Divas" class (yes, that's what it's called and yes, I'm the only dude in there).If you see me, don't call me Don.  I answer to "Sue"=============UPDATE 1/17/08:  A guy that plays in the NFL joined our Fit Divas group so it seems that Sarah feels the need to step it up a notch.  If I don't yelp for a few days, look for me on the south end of Pease Park.  I'll be the one whose "core" has exploded from overuse.I miss queso
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,2/14/2008,141,179,9,28,18>Authentic Chinese Herb shop without the high price tag of White Crane or Turtle Dragon. Family run since 1989, it offers pulse/tongue diagnostics, custom loose herbal blends and prepared traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) remedies. Cheap.I went in today on the verge of a sinus infection and NO voice. The owner-practitioner's daughter (who has the most amazing cheekbones) listened to my list of ailments. The store smells like TCM, a bit queer--like food, fungus, and earthy tubers. The daughter translated my ailments in Chinese to her father (it was amusing to hear the Chinese mixed in with words like "stress" and "PMS"). Dr. Chung sat me down at a no nonsense desk and placed my wrist on a small pillow. Listened to both sides. I tried to read his face for feedback. Nada. He asked to see my tongue and then nodded.With his daughter's help, he started measuring out loose herbs on an ancient scale. Bark. Apricot kernel shavings. A tuber. Talcum powder (!). Dried bamboo leaves. My boys and I watched and we asked them to ID the ingredients for us. I also asked the daughter what he had to say from my pulse/tongue diagnosis. "Too fiery". Yeah, I'm really too fiery, very true.In addition to the herbal teas (which I know will taste rank and bitter), she gave me some black herbal balls wrapped in wax paper with instructions to let them melt in my mouth twice a day. Icky tasting but better than a Hall's, and I could feel their earth-magic goodness working pretty quickly.Custom 5 day herbal program, earth-magic throat candies, tincture remedy for my son's cough, clay pot for cooking herbs and diagnosis: $65. Eastern medicine kicks some western medicine ass.Location: The shop can be hard to find but it's actually easy: just south of 183 access on North Lamar. It's just north of Kim Phung's in the strip mall next to it. Turn into strip mall parking lot and go around the corner past the Super Cuts and the print shop and it's there on your right. Don't follow Google map directions; you'll get lost.NOTE: Cash and checks only.===UPDATE: TCM brew was horrid, as expected. My voice came back after the first day of taking the tea. My cough and sinus infection went away gradually and then cleared. I love avoiding antibiotics. I'm coming back here whenever I am ill.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2008,2/13/2008,62,40,5,13,13>I've been on antibiotics for bronchitis since Wednesday and I just gotta say, damn.....  Torchy's, I think your Democrat taco has done more for me than my stinkin' medication!The tacos here are some of the best I think I've ever had.  Great prices,  tasty fillings, and yummy dipping sauces are just a few of the things to rave about when talking about Torchy's.  Don't miss out on getting a Dirty Sanchez (yeah, I put it that way on purpose), the Democrat, or hell, just try a new one each time.  You won't be disappointed.Exciting news for Torchy's S. First fans!  They're moving into what used to be (I think) Acuarios Cafe at 2809 S. First in the not-too-distant future.  I'm so excited that they are going to have an actual eat-in establishment within walking distance from my house!
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,2/11/2008,155,339,4,6,10>Just ate there for the first time courtesy of Don P's Yelper lunch.Sweet Tea: Evil!Catfish: Like buttah. Really. Amazing.Sweet Potatoes: Decadent.Red Beans and Rice: ScrummyCornbread: Delicious.Company: Awesome.Decor: Totally freaking cool.I'm totally going back. Any second now.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,2/10/2008,135,351,15,25,19>After a crazy year of countless freelance, up and down real estate, exhausting farm work and perhaps a Britney-esque convergence into a wannabe rock and roll lifestyle as a quick fix, I decided to check it before I wreck it, and get myself close to some healthy living.Stumbled upon a part time job at Lake Austin Spa as a shipping and receiving coordinator, and being the old school FedEx brat, found it could be a good fit, and applied for the job.Fast forward 5 weeks later, and shit, it's had a tremendous effect. Happier, 8 pounds lighter, and Charlie digs the daily routine.On the work side, there are challenges; it's a 35 minute commute, some fellow workers treat me like THE help instead of A help,  and the pay won't send me to Vegas anytime soon.On the spa/resort side, however, I say God DANG. Oddly, Robert Jackson, the same architect of my family's lavender farm, has created bliss again in the Lakehouse Spa, a rambling, 25,000 sq foot facility that enables the spa-goer to roam between treatments, whether it be in the cozy sprawl of the locker room/lounges complete with steam/sauna/whirlpool and outdoor shower and sunbathing area, or traipsing about the outdoor areas between the spa building and pool barn with its fantastic design.AND the Blue Room, where to chill before your specialist comes to get you for your treatment, is the most beautiful cavernous room possible to do so...blue ceiling, fire place, comfortable furniture and coffee table books worth devouring...etc.. If I ever own a home with a room like this, the life message will be abundantly clear: I WIN.Services are crazy-multitudinous, and so far have only experienced the Custom Comfort massage. Toby, my therapist, wasted no time in going deep on my compromised back on Friday, and this weekend I've opted to travel via back handsprings everywhere I go, it was so effective. I am going back as soon as it's humanly possible. RECOMMENDATION: TOBY.Having enjoyed a #2 ranking from the most recent Conde Nast Traveler review as the almost best destination spa in North America (a big deal, yo, especially here in our own backyard), the resort has committed itself to garnering #1, and has just renovated rooms (as of 1 week prior to this review) to help achieve that top spot. I won't divulge my insider knowledge on the renovation types and costs, but, seriously, SU-WEET.Prices for the #2 destination spa resort in North America wouldn't be cheap, of course, but to the facility's credit, everything is included except spa services and alcohol (which, with the exception of enhancing a meal, is antithetical to a rejuvenation vacation).  All fitness and "discovery" classes (esp cooking classes) and meals are all included in the price...and wandering the 19 peaceful, waterfront acres in a robe and spa-provided sandals without a care in the world, priceless.TIPS:Occasional celebrity spotting. I won't say whom, because I signed a document telling me not to do so. Perhaps there was an ex-President, the producer of TITANIC, a Pulitzer-winning journalist, and Danny Devito....oops. Get a three night stay before March 5th, and you get a 4th night free...a $500 value.The half-day package at the spa is $325, which includes 2 50-minute treatments, gratuity, a gift and lunch at the Spa House's bustling, friendly Aster Cafe. Best deal.Gift certificate central for clients and friends. Wouldn't get one for less than $50, since honestly, it won't get you that far, but they'll love you for the effort and entree' into the most luxurious facility for hundreds of miles around.Ask about the $25 locker/lounge room fee. I believe it's charged on weekends, but waived Monday-Thursday. Or it's vice-versa. Ask.Update 3/16/08: Lake Austin Spa and Resort is NUMBER ONE on Conde' Nasts' list as BEST Destination Spa in NORTH AMERICA coming out in April. Spa Pride, baby (lighter in the air)
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,2/9/2008,179,276,25,9,16>haiku:your shelves, stocked plentyyour staff, like the living deadgrills on sale? rejoiceWhere's your sofa from?asks my friends. I lie to themand say, from TargetMom has fine linenI got a 5-pack, same costsuck on that, mother
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,2/8/2008,58,162,9,11,11>Suppose I told you that there was a bar that was all of the following:1.  Downtown2.  Clean, Sleek, and modern3.  Happy Hour on Friday until 11 PM.4.  Full of sophisticated entertainment.5.  Featured Live music6.  A rocken waterfall7.  Outdoor seatingSuppose I then told you that None of the following were present there:1.  Annoying Trendys2.  Frat Boys3.  Cover charge4.  Uninspired dude shouting "All Night You call it Drinks" 5.  Deafening music6.  Crowds on a Friday Night7.  Sketchy "parking space guys"? You would probably tell me to lay off the Titos Handmade and get real.But I swear to you that this is a place like none other downtown.  Only 4 blocks from 6th street, only 3 from the Congress Ave Bridge lies this little diddy, ostensibly built to cater to convention goers, that could soon become the next great thing for locals as well.  If you park on Red River South of Chavez, you should be plenty close and not paying a thing.I was there to meet a social event, and found myself having a great time.  They have this Nationwide Bar trivia game deal where you ask the bartender for a keyboard (probably spill proof) and compete against your fellow bar mates to answer trivia questions.  Your score and the bar's score are then compared against people and pubs across the country.  While I couldn't quite make the big league of trivia buffs, I was successful in getting away with an obscene screen name, that flashed around the country.While were on the subject, this place has the coolest bathrooms.  Really sleek neon and modern with sink that is a architectural marvel in and of itself.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,2/7/2008,26,57,6,11,10>This is one of the cooler places around town where you could bring an out-of-towner.So, ditto on all that's been mentioned, and I raise you a few points:- If you ask Dick, he'll usually let you eat at the bar.- Jukebox is free.- They sometimes sell farm-raised eggs in the bar.- We got the impression that the "Garfield water" in the Thai bloody marys might be some moonshine-esque brew of Dick's own device. Could just be vodka though.- We haven't made it to any of these yet, but Dick is always cooking up some kind of Super Bowl/Thanksgiving/what have you party. Sounds fun.- Erratic hours. Closed some days. Check before you make the drive.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2008,2/6/2008,724,628,10,12,9>I'm secretly kind of glad that this location is getting mixed reviews.  Because I'm hoping that will allow me to keep it ALL TO MYSELF.It's relatively quiet.  The music is good, but not blaring.  The atmosphere isn't as cozy as Flipnotics v.1.0, but it still feels Austin-y and laid back.  I love the retro vibe, the huge mural of Barton Springs, the rocket ship/space theme.  Chai is delicious - rich in chai flavor, perfectly sweetened.  I've had it both hot and cold, and both are terrific (I recommend it with the soy milk if you're taking it cold...sooooo good!).  Great selection of proteinous food, including sammiches.  A little lacking in the cushy chair department, but at least the chairs for the table seating have cushions.  Perhaps it's an indicator of my age, but if I'm going to camp out for hours working, I likes me some padding for ye olde behind.There is a $4 credit card minimum, so either plan on either bringing some cash, some friends, or an appetite/thirst that needs quenching.  Also, the wi-fi requires you to sign up to get a free Less Networks account.  However, this is painless and basically instantaneous - and once you're on, the signal is strong and fast.I've covered most of this above, but I feel obligated to break out my usual coffeehouse report card:- Cushy chairs:  B-.  The table seating is cushioned (except for the big bench against the wall), but I really wish they had some easy chairs for curling up and reading.  There is one couch by the door, but it's in a weird spot away from everything else.- Atmosphere:  A.  Retro-meets-Austin-meets-outer space.  Just my style.- Free Wi-Fi:  A.  Strong signal, consistent, pretty fast.- Service:  B+.  Fine, just nothing to write home about.  - Non-coffee drinks:  A.  One of the best cups of chai I can remember drinking in Austin.  The caffeine from one mug is propelling me through a Saturday of working, with some energy for Yelping to spare.- Things to eat that contain protein:  I haven't tasted any of it (I ate before I came here), but they do have a good selection of sandwiches and empanadas.  They get an A- for selection, but the jury is still out on flava.- Things to eat that don't contain protein:  B-.  I've tried the pecan pie and the cinnamon rolls here.  Neither were outstanding, and the cinnamon roll was kind of dry.The punchline:  My new favorite place to camp out and work away from the office.  Just don't all of you come fill it up.  Like the rest of Austin, I want to freeze it in time so I can enjoy it just the way it is, progress be damned.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2007,2/5/2008,43,34,26,23,27>I knew she was trouble the second I stepped into the door. I brushed off the chill from the hard (82deg) Texas winter with a shake of my trench coat and snap of the brim on my carefully slanted hat. God, I was sweating bullets in that coat! There she stood. Frozen. With a look on her face that could have stopped a street car... but only IF we had public transit. "Where's the GD light rail around here!?", I wondered to myself. Bah! No matter.Making my way to a table in the most upscale Pho-staurant in Austin, I could feel every eye in the place on me - wondering what mischief might happen today. I kept my gaze low so as not to start any undue trouble before its time. I was hungry and in no mood to break nasty until I'd had my fill.  I noticed the spacious glass-and-tile decor with a wry grin. Pho indeed. This place looks like a clean art house! Obviously a cover.Subconsciously, I checked my custom ivory chopsticks in their holster to make sure they were loose and ready for action. "Whadyahave?", she demurred. I checked the menu to make sure I was in the right place. Yep, nothing but pho, coffee, and a few spring rolls. I had found the right place. I ordered a special #9, small with added tripe - that was the signal Jimmy The Snitch had coughed up when I started to get a little rough. I'll give her credit. She didn't shake easy, this one. She took to the change-up like Babe Ruth took to a scotch neat with a scotch-on-the-rocks chaser. To press the point, I ordered a cafe su da to boot.That's when things started to get dicey and they got dicey fast. "Excuse me?", she said. I double checked my chopsticks under the table and spoke low and slow, "Ca-fe-su-da.", emphasizing my syllables. Just when I thought I saw the just-a-little-too nonchalant busboy being a little too nonchalant, she defused the situation with a quick, "OK". The busboy returned to being just regularly nonchalant and I relaxed back in my chair. Just as fast as she came, she was gone. I eased back in my seat, placed my hat on the seat beside me and breathed a long, slow sigh of relief.  I was in. The monster plasma TV on the wall droned on about the latest space shuttle landing down without incident. It all looked so orderly, so exact and so pure. And just so... SO."God, I'm getting old.", I thought. "The days of the old gumshoe are past - I am a dinosaur and I ain't speaking of the T-Rex kind."Soon enough, she was back with a huge steaming bowl of pho and all the dressings. The sprouts were fresh, the jalapeno was some of the hottest in town; the lemon grass and basil took me back to another time and a far away place.Soon, I was looking around for Jessica Alba - I was lost in a bowl of the Fantastic Pho. It was rich and flavorful and different than most I've had in these parts. I forgot all about what trouble had led me here in the dead of lunch hour in this dry techie town. It was all I could do to finish my bowl - it was packed with goodies. I must've misspoke when I ordered my cafe su da' because I received warm water with a separate setup for steaming slow dripped coffee on a bed of sweetened condensed in a tasteful white ceramic cup. Good for a change up, but I'm no young pup. I took my warning in tow. Speak really bad Vietnamese at your own peril.I paid my bill by cash as I had yet to exceed the $10 limit on credit cards. I didn't want any trouble in here today.But I'll be back. Oh, yeah. The next time I'm craving tasty pho in a clean upscale dive for a damn cheap price - You can bet your sweet frosted buns I'll be back....and then - it's Hammer time.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2008,2/4/2008,27,84,18,18,9>Perhaps it never made sense before: why do little kids bemoan the "deaths" of Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny, but never the Tooth Fairy?  On the one hand, sure, she has a natural end---that very last tooth to fall out.  But perhaps we had it wrong all the time.Ladies and gentlemen---I introduce to you: Scirex.  The tooth fairy.Here's the deal: Scirex is a health research institute, oft-hired by major drug companies (Glaxo Smith-Kline and the lot) to research new applications for pain medications.  To that end, they recruit a rag-tag bunch of wisdom-toothed* applicants, who submit to the following deal:       Wisdom teeth extraction (free) + approximately $500 for you     Pain medical trial for them.It's not a bad deal, really.  They're very courteous; they work with well-regarded oral surgeons who are officed just two-floors downstairs in the same complex at 3200 Red River; and they take your wisdom teeth out for free and, like the gentle Fairy of your youth, pay you for it.  Wisdom teeth, however, apparently go for extra on the fantasy market, so you get more than you ever dreamed of as a goofy, half-toothless five-year-old.There are, of course, some drawbacks.  Namely:  (a) most studies only take out two wisdom teeth at a time, so you may have to submit twice to their pokings and proddings; (b) there are restrictions on the type of anaesthesia you can use during the surgery; thus, be prepared to be awake during your extraction; and (c) there's a normal amount of inefficiency associated with cost-effective processing of large numbers of patients.  Oh, and (d) perhaps you'll get a placebo in the study---though they promise that there are "rescue" medications availbale if the administered dose doesn't work.But, hey, it's an approximately $2000 savings ($1500 off plus $500 bonus) from having one's teeth removed on the free market, and it puts one back in touch with the Tooth Fairy after a very, very long hiatus.*Apparently, they also organize trials for pain medications in bunion-removal surgery; I have no information on this bizarre diversion from normal Tooth Fairy behavior.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,2/3/2008,52,293,10,7,10>The Good:  :: they have lots and lots and lots of different types of candyThe Bad:  :: i spent $19 after being in the store for only about 5 minutesThe Ugly:  :: none.Would I go back? Yes.  I want to make tooth decay part of my weekly regimen.  This place is IN.
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,2/2/2008,40,59,14,12,13>"Costco is the way to GO!"  LOVE Costco.  Love it.  Love it.  Here's why:1. Get all your monthly grocery shopping done in ONE well-chosen weekday afternoon--when Costco is quiet.  You have just saved about 49 hours waiting in stupid H.E.B. lines. 2. Look into your freezer and see massive amounts of meat: burger, individually wrapped chicken breasts, bacon wrapped steaks, thick smoked bacon, as you consider, "what shall I make tonight ....?"3.  Get gourmet on your own ass with lamb shanks.4.  Celebrate your newly-purchased booty with a $1.50 polish dog.5.  Check out their cooking / kitchen supplies.  I bought eight huge funky, colorful glasses for like $10.6.  One package of bulk kitchen garbage bags lasts the rest of your entire life.  7.  Definitely bring home the bacon .... and freeze the extra.8.  Great wine selection.9.  Optometrists and AWESOME deal on contact lenses.  10. You're NOT supporting Wal-FART. You're life will improve if you support Costco.  Mine did.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2007,1/31/2008,664,120,24,10,11>"Sir."Pause"Are you sure you want two Don Juan tacos? They're really big"Don't worry your pretty little head. And with those words, I always clear my calendar for the day. Delicious food coma that no amount of their diner-like coffee can combat. Just be sure to take a driver.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2008,1/30/2008,310,185,14,16,22>It is not large enough to hide a 747 in.It's smaller than DKR Stadium.  It's aisle numbers remain in single digits.  It does not have a store map, nor it's own zip code.  Unlike Home Depot, it is not run by a giant corporation which donates to right-wing candidates I abhor.  Unlike Lowe's it does not have every possible tool or type of building material for every project imaginable.  If you are building your own lunar module, and absolutely must have electroplated corrugated platinum panels, The Hardware Store might not be for you.But if you need a bolt or screw or tool, or a plumbing part or an electrical fixture, and you'd like to not have to pack a lunch when you set off to find it, give these guys a try.  They are a locally-owned and operated store, with a TrueValue brand, but it's a store  like the old days--there's a guy--one guy--you ask for just about everything, and he knows where just about everything is, and will take you there.  You can be in and out of there in 10 minutes, less time than it would take you to get halfway down one aisle at the Meglomart Home Center.I like these guys--they are big enough to have what I need most of the time, and small enough that I don't end up buying a lot of crap I don't need just because I walked past it 4 times trying to find a single wood screw or carriage bolt.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,1/28/2008,246,167,23,14,16>OK, here's the deal on Shop 24.  Did you see a Luc Besson film called The Professional?  It's a brilliant film with a brilliant performance by Gary Oldman as a pill-popping, music-obsessed, whacked-out corrupt narcotics cop, who, in his signature scene, orders his 2nd in command to bring him everyone.  If you've seen it, you know the line.  Now think in that voice, 'cuz this is where we start to talk about Shop 24.They have everything.  "EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!"I am not kidding this place is like MacGyver's wet dream.  You would not believe the stuff you can find in this place.  They have regular convenience store type stuff, beer and wine and sodas and candy and ice.  They have truck-stop style convenience store stuff, like lotto tickets and fried burritos and fried chicken and other fried stuff, all of which is the exact same color (and all of which will perform a fully thorough, though unintentional, colon cleansing.)   I worked in a place right across the street that underwent a ten month construction project, and every time we ran into a tight spot, we found what we needed, or at least something that would work, at Shop 24.  Screw Drivers, Nails, Drill Bits, String in three different widths, duct tape, electrical tape, zip ties, bungee cords, WD40, chalk, wire splicers and other assorted electrical parts, every battery under the sun, from watch to D cells, replacement razor blades for a half dozen different kinds of box cutters, a portable defibrilator,  a pocket sized Russian Translation Phrasebook, you name it.    Then, they have everything else.   Need a pair of pliers or a gallon of windshield washer fluid?  Easy.  Looking for a copy of the original Faces of Death Film on DVD? They had it last month, I swear.  Hungry and locked your keys in your car?  They'll sell ya a SlimJim and a slim jim.  Wanna by a cell phone or some fake bling or a ream of notebook paper or a hand pump to inflate a basketball?  This is your one stop Shop, open all 24 hours of the day.  I could live here, if it smelled better and they turned the lights off once in a while so I could get some sleep.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2008,1/27/2008,41,25,15,22,16>Welcome to my new obsession.  I've debated for the last couple of weeks whether or not to review this place.  You see - even though I've only been going there a month and a half, I have had multiple nightmares about getting off work one Monday and driving all the way over to the Eastside only to find there's a 1-hour wait to get a table.  So why do I review the place and release this secret for a bunch of people I don't know and probably wouldn't like if I did?  I don't know.  Maybe it's the heroin. I just don't know.Of course it's not as if this place is unknown - it has 46 reviews as I write this.  So where is it that all my Taco Tuesday brothers and sisters go wrong?  They've shown up about 24 hours too late.  Because on Monday nights, the Q to the S sells king crab legs with drawn butter for $10.99/pound.  Can you appreciate how cheap this is?  Go over to Whole Foods and the same stuff will cost you $24.99/pound.  $14 more per pound and I also have to have that weird feeling you get when you're surrounded predominantly by well-off white people?  No thanks.  Well there are no such problems at Quality Seafood.  That's probably why I'm so confused when every Monday night I stop by (and it's getting to the point that I get a hollow feeling inside when I don't,) I'm shocked to find the place half empty.  If this place were downtown, there'd be a line around the corner (Kyoto week-old-sushi happy hour, anyone?)  But not $11/pound crab night - you can drop by anytime during the evening, walk up to the counter and order, and have steaming hot king crab legs in front of you within 15 minutes.  And the oysters ain't bad either.But the piece de resistance of the experience is the little New Orleans style (?) jazz band they bring in to play during the night.  The music makes it feel like one of those oyster bars in the French Quarter, and the lead singer is great.  Throughout the show, he says all this outlandish shit in a thick German accent, and I'm pretty sure he's not German.  I would attempt to describe the performance, but it's pretty much something you have to experience to appreciate.  Just trust me that it turns the already great experience of breaking open and eating the meat out of king crab leg shells into a truly special one.  One that even the smell of your hands giving you flashbacks to the morning after prom can't put a dent in.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,1/26/2008,474,618,11,13,11>Hallelujah! It finally opened. (I can't find any address/phone info though)I thought it was well worth waiting through the long drive-thru line on opening night, which reminded me of the scene in What's Eating Gilbert Grape when the whole town gathers for the opening of the Burger Barn.Mexi Dips & Chips and a party taco make me so happy that I could cry!
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,1/25/2008,103,80,13,12,14>The solution to and the cause of all of my problems. I love the Showdown. - no one calls it the Texas Showdown, its just the showdown. Or when e-mailing you wife or sister at work, the SD. I've been hesitant to yelp the Showdown, because it would be like yelping my life in Austin.  I've been going to the Showdown, well all my life. PeteJ below mentions that there was a time and a place for the showdown for him, and the time has passed. It never passed for me. The Showdown is like my back porch. I'm in my living room, I walk outside and I'm at the showdown. Everyone knows me, I know everyone.  My car knows the way there. I just turn it on, and it takes me to the showdown. It is an impossible list of memories. 1. I broke up with my high school girlfriend there.2. Said girlfriend subsequently became a regular there, so I drifted away for a bit. 3. We used to call up ahead of time and tell them to put more carlsberg in the cooler. 4. Walking home from the showdown one night in 1991 my friend and I got in a fight with two guys because they would not put their horns up. I got knocked out and had a bloody swollen lip for a week.  I deserved it. 5. I decided to ask my wife to marry me there. 6. When I went back to school, I studied there. 7. I watched the first gulf war there. 8. I watched the second gulf war there. 9.  I watched 9-11 there. 10. I watched the Rockets win two championships there. 11. I watched the Cowboys win three championships there. 12. The night the horns won the rosebowl - I wasn't there but I got there as fast as I could.  13. Karaoke Christmas 14. When my wife and I go on vacation, we send the Showdown postcards. The showdown probably isn't for everyone. It is quirky, maybe a little edgy. People are there to drink.  There are a ton of regulars, that have been going to the place since it was a legendary punk rock club called Raul's. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RaI think the SD just recently celebrated its 26th anniversary, and there are people that have been there from the beginning.  The regulars can be a little intimidating to a first timer. But they are all fine, just be nice to em, and whatever you do, don't take any crap from them. Here are some tips:1. Don't touch the television outside in the afternoon. That is Judge's TV until he leaves around 6pm. My wife can sometimes make him change it for march madness, but he gets kinda surly even with her. 2. The staff is all wonderful but they will take zero shit from you. Tip them well ask them their name, and they will remember you and treat ya right. 3. The people with mugs are in the Stein club. I'm not a member, because I won't join any club that will have me as a member.  Plus I don't like drinking beer out of plastic. 4. Sometime before next football season come join our annual football pool. 5. The showdown serves burgers - get a half pound one. They are good. 6. WATCH OUT WHERE YOU PARK. There must be a red dot on your parking spot or you get towed. It isn't the showdown doing the towing it is the fascist Taos Co-op next door. 7. If you see some pretty girls by themselves buy them a pitcher, THE SHOWDOWN NEEDS WOMEN!  I do it all the time, it is fun to make pretty ladies smile. 8. Beer and wine only, if you need a shot you have to head down to the Hole in the Wall. There is sometimes a cover there. I've been cheating on the Showdown with Little Woodrow's for several years now. Little Woodrow's knows about the Showdown and is cool with it. Showdown knows about Little Woodrow's but doesn't like to talk about it. It is kind of like being a married guy in France. You can have a wife and a lover but maybe it would be best if they didn't meet. I love you showdown, see ya tonight.(Yes I realize it is entirely possible I spend too much time in bars. Have you ever considered the possibility you don't spend enough time in bars? Seriously, quit judging me. While you point the finger - someone else is judging you!)
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2008,1/24/2008,253,502,7,12,12>My new year's eve kicked off at Eddie Vs this year. I'd been here before, but frankly, I didn't really remember it. I remember last night though. We started with cocktails at the bar (I'm on a gimlet kick!) and were seated for our reservation pretty close to on time. We started with a couple of really good appetizers, a tuna sashimi special and tempura scallops. I could make a meal of those scallops and likely will during happy hour at some point.I split the apple and beet salad with my friend, and he was really cranky. He said it tasted like weeds. I said it was delicious. That was followed by something amazing. No, it was more than amazing, it was incredible.Have you ever heard of a bone-in filet? I sure hadn't. But last night I ate it. Holy hell that was a good steak. And I don't even really like filet, but they were doing this special called the "carpet bagger" preparation that was your choice of meat stuffed with fried oysters and topped with Bearnaise sauce. Hello lover. I asked Marc, my server, what piece he suggested and naturally he suggested this.While it was, hands down, the most expensive piece of meat I've ever eaten, it was also quite possibly the best. I couldn't even make it through half of it so I just ate the leftovers for dinner tonight. We ordered the truffled mac and cheese, twice baked potato and crab fried rice as sides. They were fine, but none of them really stuck out to me. I don't see what all the fuss over the crab fried rice is, but it seems to be pretty popular.We topped it off with Creme Brulee and by that time, I wanted to go home and sleep. So I did. Out like a light by 10:30 on New Year's Eve. I rule.So I'm taking off one star for a situation that really kind of pissed me off. Our server informed a member of our party that there was a reservation after ours. We were a party of 12 and we had a reservation. What happened after that was not of our concern and I thought it was unprofessional of our server to even mention it. Later, someone in our party was informed (right before the bill) that they had lost the reservation after us. Again, no need to tell us this.Some members of our party felt badly about this for the wait staff and it did put a damper on some in our party. It honestly felt like a move to squeeze a higher sympathy tip out of our table. Mostly, I'm just put off that they said something about this and caused distress to some people in our party as they were the ones that were good enough to set this whole evening up.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2007,1/23/2008,24,10,11,15,9>I used to work at the hotel across the highway, and for years, I came to this restaurant..when it was an italian joint.  Then I came in one day, and the pictures of Tuscany had been replaced with Thai tourist art, the plastic ivy had been pulled off the white lattice work, but other than that, the decor was exactly the same, and it has remained since...for many, many years.  I am pretty sure they replaced the carpet and vinyl table cloths at one point but that is about it.  I don't work at the hotel anymore, but I have been eating here regularly since that fateful day when the rubber grapes got bumped for a little buddhist shrine.Three important things to note about this place:1. They have this dish called Pad Pug, that I haven't found at any other Thai restaurants.  It's basically a light sauteed veggie blend with choice of chicken or pork.  It's one of my favorite things to eat in the world.2. They have fried cheese rolls---cream cheese rolled up in a rice paper wrapper, deep fried and served with that high fructose-chili pepper dipping sauce that you always get at a Thai place.  These things are really irresistible.3. Over the bar they have a picture of Keanu Reeves posing with the owner.   So every time I eat there, I imagine that Keanu Reeves' tushy once occupied the same chair I am sitting on.  And that is very likely true, because, again, the decor hasn't changed in more than a decade.  Pad Pug + cheese rolls + Keanu Reeves tushy by proxy = Four stars.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,1/22/2008,28,70,7,21,13>If you have breasts that are bigger than a C-cup, this is the place to go.  These women are good.  They measure you correctly, bring out a variety of bras for you to try on, and are really just good at customer service.  There's something comforting about having very good service in the way you imagine your mother and grandmother did when they went dress shopping.Also the women there are well-dressed and immaculate.  They are also, from what I've seen, all well-endowed themselves.  Really, when shopping for undergarments or garments of any kind, you really don't want to buy from someone who looks like hell: you want the women giving you advice on clothing to be attractive and dress well.My favorite thing about Petticoat Fair: once you have a favorite kind of bra, they keep your name, size information and style preferences in their database.  You can just walk in, give them your name and pick up a few new items.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2008,1/21/2008,392,291,25,5,10>This event was cool until I woke up this morning at 7am. I want to apologize for everything I said last night. And without further ado, let me tally up the points.YELP EVENT RATING SCALEFree drinks                           = 1 starFree food                               = 1 starmaking out with someone = 1 starnudity                                      = 1 starI win a prize                            = 1/2 starlaughs                                    = 1/2 star                                                 1.5 starsThis 1.5 rating doesn't seem fair, so I'm gonna have to make a couple bonus categories.Bartender cleavage                                                  = 1/2 starA woman having her hands all over me               = 1/2 starGetting my butt grabbed numerous times           = 1/2 star Uncomfortably long hugs with married women = 1/2 starThese Polaroids I found in my pocket                  = 1/2 starThat one girl dancing                                               = 1/2 starBeing there to see drinks spilled                          = 1/2 starThe mysterious Mr. Doctor X showing up and being 6'8'', with school-boy charm, spouting philosophy, exploding girl's brains and stealing some of my mojo = 0 stars                                                                                     = 5 stars
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2008,1/20/2008,392,147,44,8,22>[This review is to be read in the accent of an articulate, elderly British man]As our faithful driver Chester brought us to our nightly dining event, our eyes were suddenly drawn to a most magnificent sight!  Not several hundred feet before us stood an entrancing and stately palace of impressive Mediterranean styling.  I daresay we had long heard the most effusive rumors about Olive Garden, all from the most reliable of culinary experts!As we entered, our mouths were dancing in near orgasmic anticipation!  I daresay we were crestfallen to learn that a table would not be available for upwards of 15 minutes!  We remained steadfast and resolute!  One does not walk away from perhaps the most highly regarded dining experience in the southern Travis County region due to mere trifling inconvenience!Soon after being seated at a most charming table, we were aghast to learn that our sommelier was also our waiter!  A single man was to serve both entres and wine!?!  I daresay the idea seemed to reach the very peak of absurdity!  We inquired as to whether our rascally waiter was engaged in some sort of jocular deception.  He cracked a toothy grin!You polecat!  You scoundrel!  You naughty cantankerous raccoon!But I daresay frivolity turned into ecstasy as our first course arrived!  It consisted in the most delightful assortment of breads, each artistically arranged in the shape of a slender rod.  How clever!  Each bread was delectably warm and gently dotted with what must have been the finest French cheeses!  For the main course, I had the supreme pleasure of dining on a most superb Ravioli Di Portobello.  I daresay the dialogue between the mushrooms and the sun dried tomatoes was positively unparalleled!  And did I detect a hint of truffle?  I daresay I did!In summary, the ambiance was exquisite and the meal divine.  The entire experience left us simply giggling at our own crapulence!  I daresay we shall return!  I daresay!
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,1/19/2008,476,262,22,20,38>With the excitement of a little boy buying a Willie Wonka Chocolate bar and searching for the gold, I hurried through the back alley entrance and eating area tonight.  (...searching for a great piece of pizza and the 100th HSP review!)Big "welcome" sign on the back door screams "Come On In!" with a funny 50's grafik of pizza boy/girl with moustache.  Interior: red, warm, sweeet smell of fresh pizza and fun. Place was packed.  Bar seating only.  I pulled up a bar stool next to a guy who had just eaten all but 3 pieces of a beauty of a pie.  We started up a conversation about the za and he said it was the best he has ever had and he is STUFFED.  I said that I came in for a piece of pizza because all of my friends said it was the best in town.  He said it is, but you cannot just have a piece.  You have to order a whole pizza.   Huhhhh right. He said that I could have the remainder of his, he was not going to eat it.  I said "my name is Kimberly" quickly, reluctant to eat free pizza with a guy who I do not even know his first name.    "Charlie. I am not from here."  - c"How did you know to come here?"  - kk"I have been in Austin for 3 months and I have eaten only where people have told me to go." - c"What brings you to Austin?"  - kk"I am a songwriter and am making a CD with a producer here."  - c"A lot of musicians love it here...why don't you move here?" - kk"i have a great life in oxford, mississippi.  my girlfriend is there and she has a full-time job.  my family is there.  lots of friends.  I get to travel around the world doing what i love to do and return home.  i do not have a day job, but to do what i do, I have to travel around a lot." -c"Are you someone who I should recognize?  What is your last name?" -kk"Mars, like the planet.  No, you shouldn't recognize me... there are a ton of musicians travelling the world doing what they love to do and neither of us would recognize their names." - cmThe waitress across the bar says "Can I get you something."  - wab"yes, please, a plate and a glass of wine."  - kk"red or white?" - wab"red - what's good?" - kk"my favorite, do you want my favorite?""yes." -kki take a bite of warm mushroom-pepperoni-sausage pizza.  mmmm.   just the kind of pizza i would have ordered, had i ordered an entire pizza.  great cheese to crust ratio.  slight hint of garlic in the sauce.  still warm... "why is this still warm?"  - kk  "because when the pizza arrived i just looked down and didn't stop eating.  i didn't have lunch today."  -cmFun to sit at the bar because you can watch the pizza dough boy throwing pizza frisbees into the air to later blossom into the PERFECT crust. "My favorite" wine was a bit tart, but good. Not my favorite."My sister and her husband lived in Laurel, Mississippi years ago." -kkHe looked at me with an expression akin to deer -in-the-headlights and like i had hit him in the face with a brick."I am from Laurel. I am 33 and lived their for 18 years. Did you ever visit?" -cm"Yes, I remember this huge park with a creek and large homes nearby." -kk"Do you remember a huge antebellum mansion on the corner of the park?" -cm"YES!" -kk"That is where I grew up.  Fifteen foot first floor ceilings and fifteen foot second floor ceilings and bedrooms on the third floor. My parents paid $85,000 for it in 1972." -cm(I can hear the mcmansion laws turning in grave)"What a cool place to grow up." -kk"It was very baptist and Religious in a suffocating way." -cm"My sister told me that Kristy McNichol from the TV show Family lived in Laurel and cut hair and was a lesbian." -kkHe looks at me like, Kristi McWHOOObian???Not missing a beat, he said that Jeb from Green Acres was from Laurel and lived close to his home. Parker Posey lived next door and is a good family friend."Steve Forbert has a song about Laurel."  -kk"Great Songwriter!  I saw him once." -cm"Do you know Scrappy Judd Newcom?"  -kk"Scrappy??  No, why?" - cm"I just thought if you are making a CD here, you were probably working with him because he plays on about half of the CDs produced here." -kk"Cool. I will keep my ears peeled." - cmI finish the third piece of pizza and my glass of wine and hand him money for wine and pizza and he only keeps $5 as he pays the bill.  "I have to go now...Tell me your name, I will remember it." - cm"Kimberly K.  Thanks for dinner... and conversation." - kk"Thank you Kimberly K. for joining me. Please come to  a show sometime." - cmHe leaves out the front door and I leave out the back door. I see a funny list on the back chalk board with the title/order :"Mime It.  GO."I found the golden bar.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,1/17/2008,421,603,5,4,6>I cannot believe I have never been here before.You know how you have one of those nights where you are wearing a cute dress, the moon is in the right sun sign, you have a bit of cash in your pocket ( although you don't exactly plan on using it) and you are down to get some serious flirting and drinking on?Well. i had one of those nights. I loved gingerman. Was there with a huge group and it was the perfect mix of moving around seeing other people, asking serious beer questions at the bar, and wandering out on the porch to catch some airI'm sure some of it had to do with the people, but I will come back again.Probably for happy hour. And you should too.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2008,1/16/2008,60,14,5,6,5>If you're like me and take pride in certain techniques to wolf down as much food as possible in one sitting, then you've found your mecca.Sunday brunch isn't cheap. $45 a head guarantees that you will want to try everything they have at least twice just to get your money's worth. But boy do they have alot to offer. The typical brunch offerings are here in spades: traditional breakfast items like sausage, eggs, bacon, ham, eggs benedict, along with an omelette station and prime rib. But the fun doesn't stop there, there's bountiful seafood selection with snow crab claws, mussels, various forms of smoked fish, sashimi and sushi rolls. A respectable European flair is represented by different kinds of pate, carpaccio, exotic deli meats, salads, cheeses, breads and crackers. There are also various chafing dishes full of more hearty items like pot roast, baked sea bass, man... my mouth is watering just writing this...The hefty tab comes with bottomless Mimosas, and if you don't feel like gettin' your buzz on there's a tasty hibiscus tea with cool hibiscus colored ice cubes. But that's not all folks (do I sound like an infomercial yet) The dessert is probably the best part, with roughly 15 different extremely high-quality pastries, mousses, tarts, cakes, pies, you name it. Honestly the Cafe would've gotten 5 stars from me before they recently remodeled the place and removed some items from the buffet. Some things I really miss are the cheese blintzes, smoked duck, caviar, and the eggs florentine, but they have bumped up the variety and quality of the desserts a bunch. The decor is much more modern now, but I'm not sure if I dig it, and certainly not at the expense of the aforementioned items.Crowd is what you'd expect of a place like this. OLD MONEY and yuppies galore. If you are an ethnic minority, prepare to be the only one there. But seriously, with the amount and quality of food at your fingertips, Dubya himself could be sitting next to me and I wouldn't notice.If your wallet's light, then take brunch literally and get there at 10 and camp out til they take the food away (usually around 2:30). I would make reservations ahead of time especially during the holidays. If you're out partying saturday night and meet someone you like, take them to brunch here the next day and you will score BEAUCOUP points. It's also a great way to pacify an angry significant other.Outdoor seating is available and overlooks the well-kept lawn/garden/lake. Perfect compliment to a beautiful day. And last but not least, the most useful tip I can provide is to go salty/sweet. Alternate the sweet items with salty foods and you'll find that your stomach is capable of incredible feats. My personal best is 12 plates not counting dessert. Cheers!
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,1/15/2008,55,196,6,6,6>Ya know what my favorite thing about Blue Dahlia is?  The LP turntable at the front.  During our visit we were serenaded by The Best of The Commodores.  Complete with that scratchy, popping of old school vinyl.  The chicken salad sandwich went down easy...Easy Like Sunday Morning.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2008,1/14/2008,82,125,6,6,7>I ate at the Roaring Fork  four times in two days.  Lunch and dinner, lunch and dinner.  You might be thinking "oh he must have been staying at the Stephen F. and got snowed in."  Then you realize this is Austin and that's quite impossible.  You might say to yourself "I bet he works there" or " no,  I've read some of his reviews, he's that weird guy, thinks he's some kind of restaurant Casa Nova.  Yeah, he'll go to a place for the first time, fall in love, then go everyday for a couple of days in a row , stop and never go back again."Well, the truth is that I'm not going to tell you because it really doesn't matter.  What matters is the food, atmosphere, service and price.  Combine all of these and include your company(that's on you) and you should get the overall experience.Mine was four stars, should really be three in a half, but I can't just roll over half a star.  Speaking of which and its to the powers that be at yelp*, I now speak.  Come on now.  Give us the freedom and responsibility to critique these places properly.  In my world there is a huge difference between a three star and a five star restaurant and it's not just one star.  I need to be able to vote half a star.  Do you understand?  I need to!Anyway, back to the review.  I did have this "Big Ass Burger" and the Green Chile...Wait back to the stars thing real quick.  If I can vote half a star and I just haven't figured out how please do forgive my ignorance.  But if I really can't, I'm not just asking for that ability, I'm demanding it.  It's my right as a yelper, is it not?  Oh I know you might say that it would be a privilege, not a right.  I say let the people decide.  Oh and thanks in advance for that consideration!:)Where was I?  Oh yeah, Green Chile Stew.  Folks I used to live in Santa Fe, NM where they have the best green Chile everything.  That being said, it was okay.  I mean in Santa Fe they put green Chile's on the burgers at Sonic.I know, you're probably saying "Shut up igmo and review the freakin restaurant,   nobody wants to sit here while you try to write a book."Fine.The first dinner was actually pretty good.  The waitress was really weird.  She was pretty, but looked like a wax sculpture and acted like a programmed robot, even moved like one.  Chef Ramsey would have been pissed when he heard me ask the waitress if the salmon was wild caught and she said yes..Ah scratch that, I just called em and they confirmed that it is..wait, they said it was "fresh" but that doesn't mean "wild caught" now does it.  I still don't know.  The point is my waitress didn't know either.One member of my party complained that the Chilean Sea Bass wasn't cooked enough and sent it back.  I'm sure it was fine though as this person does this kind of thing a lot(not creditable).The manager came out and apologized and sent her on her way with a free dessert.In the end the food was good, the service was good, the ambiance was nice and the price was a little high.  I would have only given them three and a half stars, but since I can't do that they get four.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/13/2008,522,1205,1,30,11>I am so thankful for Michelle C.'s first review.  Michelle mentions she felt "a little strange about reviewing a crematory" but I think this kind of review is the most important kind of review.  When we are are grieving and crying our eyes out how many of us can function well enough to look up a crematory for our family?I knew our large breed 15 year old dog had far out lived his life expectancy so I made a mental note of this place.Then a month ago when he stopped eating and was coughing up a lung and I was sure it was his time to go Doggy Heaven.  So, I logged on to their website and filled out all the pre-arrangement information.  Thankfully, the Vet said the old man was very healthy for his age and only had a small respiratory infection.  His infection cleared within a week and and he was back to his playful happy self stealing the puppy chew toys out of the toy basket!  Then this morning we woke and he did not.  I was so devastated this morning there is no way I could have made any sort of arrangements if I had to call around.  I was so glad they offered the pre-arrangements because I was crying so hard they could hardly understand me when I told them I was on my way.  All his information was on file so I did not have to fill out tear stained paperwork.My Ex and I sobbed over our Baby telling him how much Mommy and Daddy loved him and did not want to leave him.  The staff was so consoling and reassuring it made us cry more. I am just so thankful SPCS was there to take care of  my baby now that I no longer can.For anyone who as an elderly or ill pet I highly recommend you fill out the pre-arrangements on line while you are in a stable state of mind.  The Facts:They also offer to come and pickup your pet if you are too unstable to drive or the pet is too heavy to lift.They charge by weight our 75 lb dog cost 150.00.The service is priceless
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2007,1/11/2008,84,133,1,7,5>Foodheads has been catering gourmet lunches for years; however a couple of years ago they began selling soups/sandwiches/cookies out of their 34th street location.  Foodheads makes everything from scratch with top of the line, fresh ingredients & boy is it good.   Man, this place has the best damn sandwiches in town.  In fact, they have won the Austin Chronicle Critics Choice for the Best Sandwich a couple of times.  I can't believe that I lived around the corner from it for years and didn't know that it existed.  Sandwiches include -* My favorite - the lamb and eggplant sandwich.  *  the "lami"  that combines salami with fresh mozzarella, spinach, tomato and blackberry balsamic vinaigrette on toasted sourdough bread.* a spicy pulled pork sandwich.* a pastromi on light rye.  It is very different from a traditional patromi so light with a wonderful favor.  * a sirloin steak sandwich* a salmon caesar* portobello mushroom sandwich* pork tenderloin sandwich* ham and swiss* tuna nicoiseI thought that I'd list as many sandwiches as I could remember as the web site is lacking.  it has not been upgraded since FoodHeads opened the 34th street location (when they only were in the catering business); in fact most of the sandwiches at FoodHeads aren't even listed on their web site.You can either get a full sandwich for $6.75 or  the half sandwich-and-soup combo for $6.50They also have a number of good soups including a very tasty chicken tortilla, a cream of mushroom as well as a french onion soup.  I had one of the daily special soups the other day - thai beef; yumm.   Salads include - garden, cobb, chicken caesar, and greek.   The cobb salad is awesome; they actually fry some bacon specially for your salad.They bake serveral different types of cookies everyday.  Their bread is baked daily from up the street at the New World Deli.In the mornings; they have breakfast tacos, pastries, coffee and espresso.Foodheads is easy to miss as you are walking up 34th street; look for a big,old house with a ton of picnic tables in the front yard.  Most of the seating is outside on picnic tables on either the deck or in the front yard.   If you are driving, you'll need to find a spot on the street but there is tons of parking in the surrounding neighborhood.BTW - they are basically just a breakfast/lunch place.  I think that they are open from about 9AM until 4PM monday thru Saturday.  Sometimes they will close early if business is slow; I've been turned away a couple of Saturdays at around 3:30PM.I really like this place.  The only negative thing about this place are sometimes it seems to take an eternity to place your order. Maybe that is the price one pays for when the word gets out on a place with great food.EDIT -  foodheads.com  has been updated since I originally wrote this review so check out all of the wonderful sandwiches there.  BTW - I noticed that they sight some  citysearch awards that they have won; maybe yelp needs some similar awards?
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2007,1/10/2008,56,28,12,6,6>You know the guy that talks about all the girls he's slept with in the past, but you've never seen him with one? That's what Texas Chili Parlor's XXX chili was like the first time I had it. All talk, no walk. I've tasted Kool-Aid spicier than this. I was so excited to see how hot this chili was going to be it was emotionally awkward, but maybe I had my hopes up too high.But I had to try again. As someone who recalls thinking about taking a statistics class in college, a sample size of 1 is on the low side. The second time was noticeably spicier, but it was still no Guatemalan insanity pepper. On the other end of the spectrum, my coworker Z battled through his bowl of XXX chili, and it took him a solid three hours to finish it. *And* he had a chili hangover the next day. Hilarious! But as James Y. says, Z probably subsists on a steady diet of white bread with a glass of milk. The XXX chili wasn't worthy of printing a waiver on the back of the menu, but I will admit that spiciness is a relative thing - one man's water is another man's habanero.The service there was excellent. The waitress (excuse me, gender-agnostic food service provider) even kept checking up on us after we had paid the tab. She also recommended that I try the habanero and pinto bean chili. Deal!In conclusion, TCP good, terrorists bad.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2007,1/9/2008,467,441,6,9,8>So, I've only been in here a couple times and it's been to take things to go... simple things, like drip coffee.  I dig the atmosphere, but I can see how the music could be too overwhelming for studying or other productive purposes.  It's never been too busy when I've been in, so my visits have been short and sweet, occasionally taking the time to peruse the ads on the bulletin boards.  A couple Ikea couches and comfy-ish looking seating arrangements add to the coziness factor of this place.  They also have Fireman's #4, but it's been too early to start drinking when I've visited (it's five o' clock somewhere, though, right?).Felt obligated to write this review today, however, because I asked for soy milk with my coffee.  I wasn't charged for it, and she let me pour it myself.  That's a BIG plus for me... I don't like the stingy, soy milk hording bastards of the big, epitome of all that's evil coffee empires.It's close to where I'm staying, I don't want to unpack my coffee pot, so I'll be here often.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2007,1/8/2008,212,150,20,8,14>I went in here last week to get some work done.It was one of those hot December days we've been having lately, and, I'm not going to lie, I was dressed for comfort. Cargo shorts, some recently retired running shoes...I had purpose in my visit.And thank you, Progress Coffee, for teaching me something that day.I walked in and went up to the counter, as I had done in the past, but, admittedly not for about a year or so. A skinny kid wearing red pants, a black shirt and locks of defiant bedhead acknowledged me only as much as he had to as he got me my coffee. No smile or nod of the head or "thanks, man" as I stuffed a buck in his tip jar. I was perplexed, and a little insulted.And then it hit me as I walked to my table, full of purpose and future productivity:"I'm not cool anymore."That's why there was no nod of recognition, no smirk of a fellow conspirator, no corroborative word for a societal ex-pat.My inner self view had become dissonant with how the world saw me. Didn't that kid know that *I* used to wear tight black shirts and mussy hair and wait on people that tipped and waited for an acknowledgment of their hipness?No, he didn't, and I'm sure he didn't care.Thanks for aligning my realities and giving me a good chuckle.Now, back to work.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,1/6/2008,95,101,11,6,9>Every night is different at the Rainbow Cattle Co., so don't judge it based on one experience.  For instance, Friday nights can be quite slow, but Saturday night is usually hopping.  Sunday night is "Latin Dance" night, and it is often a packed house, with young-and-old, gay-and-straight revelers, mostly (but not entirely) Latino.  The drinks are priced in the average range for Austin, and most of the bartenders are very friendly.  It's fun to watch the two-steppers dance--some of them are amazingly good!  A few of them definitely suffer from borderline histrionic personality disorder, with choreographed routines and dramatic and/or sexually provocative dance moves--they will bump and grind and then whip around several times, magically always presenting their smiling faces to the adoring crowd, exactly as if they were on stage--which they are, because the dance floor is raised, and people congregate around and watch all night long.  A funny thing about this bar is that the men and women gather in different locations.  The front of the bar, from the DJ booth forward, is generally the men's territory, while the women congregate at the back, near the back bar and the restrooms.  I don't judge this phenomenon one way or the other, but it is a notable peculiarity.One of the bartenders also seems to suffer from the same performance compulsion as some of the dancers.  A few years ago I walked in and ordered a drink--a vodka and Diet Coke (I was on my own version of the Atkins diet at the time)--from a bartender I didn't  recognize.  He screamed "Black Bitch!" with a German accent directly into my face.  I was taken aback and responded, bewilderedly, "What?"  He screamed, "That drink is called a BLACK BITCH!" at me, again with a strange German accent, and with a look like Norma Desmond at the moment she is ready for her closeup.  I said "oh", he made my drink, and that was that.  So, I was a bartender for nine years, and I know that drink names are regional, but I had never heard this drink called a Black Bitch.  I'd always called it VODKA and DIET COKE.  I looked it up online, and there are several different versions of recipes for drinks called "Black Bitch", with Sambuca, Bailey's, and 151 rum, among other equally repulsive mixtures, but there IS a version with vodka and Coke...HOWEVER, with Diet Coke, it's actually called a "Skinny Black Bitch".  Now you (and I) know.That guy still works there.  He no longer seems to have a German accent, or at least not all the time.  He is usually drunk, serving at the front bar, and I have to admit that he is terribly mean but funny (at least when you're drunk).  The last time I ordered from him, a heavy-set guy was in front of me, and when he stepped up to order, he said, "I'll have", and the bartender interrupted with a loud, "Diet Coke!"  The confused customer said, "No, I'll have a Shiner," to which the drunk, probably-not-German bartender shouted, "Are you SURE?", then looked the customer up and down before turning and smiling at me to make sure I had heard and appreciated his wit.  ...Mean.  .....Funny.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2007,1/5/2008,150,65,24,10,12>Lala's, as other reviewers have mentioned, is a bar covered in Christmas decorations, run by a small old woman who only plays the old school classics on the juke box.  I can't help liking the place, coming from a family of people who make a big deal over Christmas, my grandmother especially.  When I was a kid, she put hand-knit Santa Claus heads on all the doorknobs.  She has special Christmas china.  And she loves Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash and all the old-school classics so popular these days.  In fact, Lala's is exactly the sort of bar my grandmother would run, if she hadn't been raised a teetotaling Southern Baptist.The tiny old lady behind the bar makes a keen Bloody Mary, just the thing to drink while recovering from a hideously bad break up. Listen to the appropriate music, maybe a little Linda Ronstadt  and sing "I've been cheated, been mistreated" and think of the one you narrowly missed settling down with, and of all the dysfunctional family Christmases you will never spend with together.  Down a few more bloody marys and start thinking - what had you been thinking dating him anyway?  Put in another dollar, and sing along with Patsy Cline, making up your own new lyrics:Crazy, crazy for dating you, AsshatI was crazy, crazy for standing by youI thought we'd marry once you'd done your thesisBut that night, you left me for somebody newBulletI dodged a bulletBut still, I wonder what's wrong with youYou were crazyYou'd pick your nose and then eat itI was crazy for tryingCrazy for cryingAnd I was crazy for dating you.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2007,1/4/2008,63,442,4,6,3>I give the Tom Yum soup 4 stars... i like mine spicy with chili oil,  lots of lemon grass, red ginger, and cilantro - and grilled scallion to boot.  the shrimp was clean though i would have preferred more shrimp, bigger, and fattier shrimp. As for the rest 2.5 stars - i'm being nice and rounding up to 3.  I ordered a red curry with shrimp and pineapple - it was a bit too watery for me - maybe to give the impression that the portion was bigger than it was but when you removed the curry all you got was a few shrimp, pineapple, and  green bell pepper... a big negative the rice - tasted kind of cold and it wasn't the fragrant thai rice - maybe microwaved day old rice. Interior was pretty minimalist - granite  or faux granite tables - lots of people kept spilling there water glasses... if it weren't for the runny curry or the piss ass -  minute made/uncle ben's style rice - i'd probably would have liked it better.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2007,1/3/2008,2077,1403,10,11,10>So we went, and every one of our impromptu Qua landing party seems, on the back end, to be up against similar issues.  We've all envisioned this scenario:  outside investor (or local, doesn't matter much, but less likely probably) sinks millions of dollars into downtown Austin club space using the exact same formula that works wonders for bringing the crowds out in say, Los Angeles, or Vegas.  Except we're in Austin, where the authenticity meter is a bit more sensitive, and the shiny shirts maybe not quite as prevalent. Fast forward to last night, where some of us, dressed up for a friend's wedding and high on shenanigans and a few evening cocktails, decided to see what all the fuss was about.  We wanted to take a peek at the sharks and stingrays.  Wanted to feel the pretentiousness slice the air like a hot knife through butter.  Wanted to don our shades late night to protect us from the sheen of the shiny shirt.  And believe me, all of that stuff and more is there at Qua.  On that assessment alone, it's easy to believe that this place might be a revolving door on the way to its next incarnation.  But a funny thing happened on the way to the tool shed:  we got pretty good service.  Service that indicated that the staff was paying attention, that they were trying to do right by the people who darkened the door.  Now, bear in mind, this may have been because we were still dressed like extras in Resovoir Dogs, all suits and smarm.  But we breezed in the place with a hint of humor, and when we waited a couple of minutes for our round of drinks, the bartender comped them.  So that was nice.  Still, I can't say I felt at home here at all, and there's evidence to beg that these guys have had to tweak their original business plan to better suit the fact that Austin has a lingering disdain for the put-on.  And if I go back, it'll only be in my shiniest getup with a cornball group of yelpers, but that I might go back at all for any reason says a little.  And bully for them for making it a little tougher decision than anticipated.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2007,1/2/2008,17,24,6,4,6>I went here when it first opened and I really liked it. However, I couldn't remember what I had. I just vaguely remember it was a meat pie and it tasted sooo good. And I remember chatting with the owner and he was friendly and pretty cool. Strangely, for some reason, destiny had kept Boomerang's and I from seeing each other until this November. I was at Fun Fun Fun Fest and there they were, just like when we met!! I tried the spinach & mushroom pie and this time I still like it a lot and I remember to come write a review about it. This is a promise to you, Boomerang's, for I'll be coming back soon!
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2007,1/1/2008,11,26,,5,7>Ah, Chango's. The aroma of handmade tortillas welcomes you as soon as you walk in the door.Chango's uses simple ingredients, but they all taste very fresh. Of course, I KNOW the tortillas are fresh because they make them right there, one by one, pillowy and warm with savory corn flavor. I dream about these tortillas.There's not much on the menu at Chango's - three or four varieties of tacos, a burrito, a very good salad, and a few breakfast things in the mornings. I recommend the Del Mar with either grilled shrimp or mahi mahi. All of the salsas are tasty.Big points for having four kinds of agua fresca - most importantly, horchata. Oooh. They've also got beer and an occasional sangria slurpie type thing. The restaurant is the size of a fast-food joint, with a few tables outside, where you can watch the freegans trash can-diving at Wheatsville next door. Prices here are more per taco than you would pay at, say, Taco Shack, but it's a different kind of thing. You're not going to get hot-off-the-grill tortillas and heaps of fresh cilantro at Taco Shack. Chango's isn't a cheapie on-the-go kind of meal, but for every now and then, it's work the extra few bucks.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,12/31/2007,188,425,7,5,5>is this what a garden burger tastes like?  seriously....i just came back from here and decided to be CRAZY and get my first garden burger.  it was soo delicious!  the fries were different, quite a large amount in the bag i have to admit.  if garden burgers taste like this you veggies may have a new follower.  can i still eat fish though?
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,12/30/2007,22,66,,13,8>We went to Shanghai this past Sunday for dim sum and it was PACKED aroun12. It seems to me that  it suddenly becomes the new hot dim sum spot after the Chronicle article that declared Shanghai is their new fav "dim sum place". At first, I kinda joke about how good their dim sum could be since it's called "Shanghai". Second,  although I generally trust Chronicle's food review, I have some doubt for this one because it mistakenly believes sweet-pork bun (cha-shu bo) is dessert. (blasphemy, I know)After 20 mins waiting with other 10 customers, it turns out that their dim sum is refreshingly good and of course, has nothing to do with Shanghainese food (they do have some shanghainese dishes but majority of their menu is definitely Cantonese).  Their shrimp dumpling and turnip cake are very tasty, fresh and chewy (in a good way). I could smell scents of Chinese bacon and ground turnip once the cart was approaching, which really reminds me of dim sum places in Hong Kong. We only tried two pastry dishes but they are strong enough to show how cooks pay attention to details. Pastry is a basic cooking skill for Chinese dishes while it requires experiences to achieve deliciousness and keep freshness at same time. Most of dim sum places I've been tend to care less about buns/dumpling skins, which means bun/dumpling skins are usually stiff and bland, in other words, an absolutely waste for your carb diet. Shanghai's pastry, however, is carefully home-made. I think they either don't frozen their pastry or freshly made that morning. If you turn the buns upside down, you can see knead mark at the bottom. You can also see layers beneath the puffy bun skin once you open it. All these reasons makes me believe they made pastry by themselves (not buying frozen ones)and hand-made their buns. As for taste? as good as they look.We also tried minced beef balls, chicken feet, bean curd skin rolls, and rice wrap w/ beef, and none of them let me down. I usually dislike bean curd skin rolls because it's hard to keep bean curd skin crispy and not too greasy at the same time. The key word here, again, is freshness. When I put it in my mouth I could hear the crispy sound from bean curd skin and feel the flaky texture. All together, it is a surprisingly good dish. My only complain, is their dishes are kinda less salty. I'm not a big fan of salty/greasy food (Din ho is too salty for me,) but I'd like to have more saltiful kick in rice wrap sauce and dumpling meat.  Conclusion? this is my fav dim sum place in Austin. Shanghai totally sweeps Tiang Hung and Pao's.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,12/29/2007,8,10,2,6,7>The manager here, Brian, is always nice to newcomers to B.D.s and makes you feel at home....this is one of my two mainstay E. Sixth hangouts (the other being Daddy's). The food is great...I have had the burgers here and they're very good pub fare..the salads are great too...but I come for the fish and chips and chicken strips...they use a beer batter that is just top notch. In fact, I could leave the fish and just eat the fried batter, it's that good.This is a great sports watching venue; they have about 5 flatscreens around the bar, with a massive flat screen in the back. Weekends are rowdy during the day during football season with a mix of Longhorn and NFL fans. The bar itself is beautiful, with rich woods, obviously modeled after an authentic pub in Ireland. It must be authentic, as I keep running into travelers from Ireland at B.D.s who are travleing through Austin and they seem to agree. The wait staff is great and provides quick service with a smile. There's not much not to like about this place.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,12/28/2007,184,302,7,7,6>After reading Barron's review, and seeing everyone's else glowing praise, I had to try this place for lunch.It turns out this little gem is about 2 miles from my house - how could I have missed it in the 3 years its been there?!I had the Spicy Green Beans and Spicy Dumplings.  Both were very fresh tasting, cooked perfectly and delicious.  They weren't really THAT spicy to be honest, but the flavors were wonderful.I chatted with the lady behind the counter for a bit and was telling her that "people were talking" about the place and how I was amazed I had never even known they served food.  She was as nice as could be, and when my order came out she told me that she hoped I loved it like the others did.I did.I agree with most everyone's comments below, and can't wait to go back and try more dishes.  Its not fancy, its just good and seemingly authentic - at least to this vanilla white boy.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,12/26/2007,215,283,1,10,7>Advanced Rehab is a decent sized medical office with a multi-pronged, alternative approach to treating various injuries; in addition to Dr. A.J. Zelinski, chiropractor and A.R.T. practitioner - who this review is mostly about - on staff, they have people who practice a variety of modalities like acupuncture, massage, etc. The people who work in the Advanced Rehab office are very nice (and some very CUTE), and the other specialists who do some of the A.R.T. stuff in addition to other modalities of treatment may be great, but I have not worked with any of them and so cannot either yea or nay them.  Why I went  to Advanced Rehab:Sometimes, if you have a particular health problem - which I do, my thyroid is permanently wack  - this makes you more prone than the average bear to getting yet OTHER health problems.  You'd think having some kinda thing regularly messed up with your body would help you get used to it, or anything else malfunctioning in your body, but this is not the case with me.  So you can imagine that when I woke up about 2 months ago going "aw Holy (#*&!(#*!&@#(*& CRAP, when I bend my neck towards my chest, I have tingling, body-part-asleep shocks zapping through my chest and back for no apparent reason" I was pretty freaked out. Wah!I went to a number of MD's, neurological folk, had a battery of tests, scans... no sign of anything they could detect. Likely a pinched nerve thing. Who knows from what, exactly.  I've done a bunch of Rolfing and other massage things before, so I tried them again. They felt nice, but didn't help this particular weirdo neck problem..So one of my friends recommended finding somebody who does A.R.T. I'm not sure if it's the A.R.T that's helping, or the chiropractic, or a combination, or that plus my own gentle exercises and stretching that are getting me slowly back to normal, but something is DEfinitely improving. What is A.R.T.? I like to think of it as targeted, specific stretches that go a bit futher than just a simple stretch, since somebody is essentially stretching YOU. The atxrehab web site says the following:"Active Release is a highly successful approach to injuries of muscles, tendons, nerves, and the surrounding soft tissues. Active Release is not massage, physiotherapy, or chiropractic care. While those procedures relieve muscle and motion dysfunction, they do not necessarily address the underlying problems caused by scar tissue formation.Every ART session is actually a combination of examination and treatment. The ART provider uses his or her hands to evaluate the texture, tightness and movement of muscles, fascia, tendons, ligaments and nerves. Abnormal tissues are treated by combining precisely directed tension with very specific patient movements.These treatment protocols - over 500 specific moves - are unique to ART. They allow providers to identify and correct the specific problems that are affecting each individual patient. ART is not a cookie-cutter approach."Dr. Zelinski is a very cool guy. He listens to everything you have to say, and he told me from day one when I was done talking. "Ok, well, I'm not sure what I do will help you, so if it's not helping, don't keep coming back here and wasting your money and time." He also gave me a list of medical practitioners in various fields that he likes, running the gamut from alternative medical practitioners to neurosurgeons! He has also worked with a number of pro athletes in track, swimming, & weightlifting.In addition to being a full chiropractic care type of office, they also have  a bunch of folks on staff to help you do a variety of physical therapy-type exercises with bunches of gear they've got on hand... exercise balls, trigger point therapy, therabands, etc.So am I all better? Not yet. However, I am MUCH better than when I started going, and I would say I went about 2x a week for the first 2 weeks, and then once a week since then.. I think I'm on week 5 or 6 now.Advanced Rehab accepts a variety of insurance types, yay. They also have multiple locations. The office I go to is the North office. Your mileage may vary.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,12/25/2007,40,86,3,10,4>I went to about 100 salons and then cut my own hair for a year before a friend (who has great hair) recommended Kelly at Platypus. He's the owner and the only stylist. I have been going to him for 3 1/2 years. I always thought I had bad hair and that was just a fact of life -- it's so thick and wavy and uncooperative. However, in the past 3 1/2 years, I have been regularly stopped on the street, in stores, EVERYwhere, and complimented on my hair! Kelly has given me the greatest styles EVER. His strength is his texturizing, he's great with it. He also caters to a more edgy/indie set. If you're avoiding a traditional, mainstream haircut -- go to Kelly. He's got his own rules and a great sense of style. He's very creative and will work with your needs. Everybody's hair he cuts looks GREAT.Kelly's not like your usual stylist. He's very outdoorsy, edgy, almost punk-like. You'd expect him to be working at a nonprofit or a bike place or teaching rock climbing. He's really laid-back, friendly, and intelligent. He also bears a striking resemblance to Luke Perry. Seriously.You can schedule online through the website; the cut is $55, no tipping. It's worth it. Trust me.  He's moved to Guadalupe St near UT, and I thought parking would be an issue, but it isn't. It's easy to find a space in the lot behind the building. He's open M-Sat and at this point, you can get in pretty quick. For a while he had to stop accepting new clients and it took like a month to get in (he's that good), but he opened up an extra day and it's calmed down. Get in now! Yes -- the massages are to die for. He won Austin Chronicle's Best Head Massage in 2004. Deservedly.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,12/24/2007,446,557,3,11,8>It's not just a clever name.  This actually is a top notch establishment.  It ain't fancy or trendy or unusual, but what they do here, they do well, and for a good price!  The menu has prices comparable to your typical fast food joint.  But this is not your typical fast food joint. Eating here made me feel like I had traveled back in time; it's a cash only place, and the booths have definitely been around since the 70s as have the menus.  As I approached the building, I pictured David Wooderson (Matthew McConaughey's character in Dazed and Confused) saying "I get older; they stay the same age."  Yeah, I know that was at a different location in the movie, but it's still what I thought of.  Sorry.Anyway, I've tried the cheeseburger, the chili-burger, and the onion rings (not all at once).  The onion rings were the best I've ever had, but the portion was a little skimpy.  I split the large with a friend and sort of wished I didn't have to share.  The cheeseburger was well assembled, hot, and tasty.  The chili burger wasn't sloppy like most are.  There was just enough chili to taste good but not so much as to make a mess.You can tell they actually grill the burgers because the burger doesn't drip and ooze grease onto the wrapper, which I appreciate.I'll definitely be back.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2007,12/23/2007,734,876,3,5,13>I was in town for a week of training. I had missed out on my regional session in Santa Cruz (OOPS!), so they signed me up for one in the Live Music Capital of the World - Austin, TX. (YAY!) I was one of three from San Francisco. Most everyone else was from Texas and surrounding states, with a few other stragglers like myself from random cities. And for the first time in the last few years at this company, I had a fantastic time at training. Red Fez was a part of that experience. Middle of the week - a group of us, packed in two cabs, hit up Trudy's for dinner [yelp.com/biz/fL_ilXgNUq_. MmmMMm - Mexican Martinis! and then Red Fez. No live music or even a DJ because we got there a bit late, so we just picked a spot and sat down. Fairly empty on a weeknight.Boston, Tulsa, San Antonio, Houston, Dallas, San Francisco, Denver, New Orleans - all bonding around an apple-flavored hookah. Good times.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,12/22/2007,89,356,4,6,5>First of all. . .this is a trail of lights and you need to have a little Christmas cheer.  Second of all, don't be totally retarded and go on opening weekend.  And thirdly, if you are over the age of 10 and thought it was going to totally amaze you, you are once again retarded.  However, if you go in with a good attitude and get in the Christmas spirit and look at it as something fun to do with your children, you will win the race.  My 3 year old LOVED it last year and is really looking forward to it this year.  It is something fun for the family to do and good exercise.  If you go during the week, it is not busy and much much more enjoyable than if you go on the weekend.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,12/21/2007,152,219,6,5,5>Ah, yes, the boobies on the ceiling. The first time I went and actually sat at Flightpath was with a client...and right in the middle of the meeting- it was our first- I happened to glance up. And of course, what happens when you glance up? Exactly. And what do you say when you see boobies? What else can you say? Which wouldn't be so bad, except for the client part.But anatomical artwork aside, Flightpath is nice. I can't say I've ever had their house coffees, but I liked their hot and iced mochas quite well- especially the hot. Its as good as Meeju's, and until going to Flightpath, meeju's was my favorite, but I'm not about to go to barton creek mall to get a coffee.One thing I really like about flightpath is the space between the tables and the volume of the music. Perhaps I'm just idiosyncratic, but I like my music and table spacing at a coffeeshop just right, and this place does it  just right for me: the tables aren't to far, aren't too close, and neither is the music too loud or too soft. So many coffeeshops get this wrong: music too loud, tables too close. But Flightpath makes you comfy. So you can stay and look at boobies longer of course.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2007,12/20/2007,309,45,8,9,5>I wanted to find something bad to say about eating brunch at Trio this morning, so here it is:The tomato on one item wasn't quite as flavorful as I wanted.  Other than that, I showed up looking hungover, in shorts and a t-shirt, without reservations, and was seated cordially in about 2 minutes.  The wait staff remembered my name, treated me graciously, and as I departed the hostess ended with "And have a wonderful Sunday, Mr S."Some days I enjoy that level of service with food, some days I want good food.  Here you can have both.  The seating area indoors is fairly pleasant, I did not sit outside.  Everything I ate ranged from quite good to amazing.  The brunch menu is quite diverse and contained the standard fare of waffles (yum) and bacon (yum) to Beef Wellington (yum) and even a sushi bar (yum).  Also, making a guy in a Lamborghini wait while the valet parks your ride is pure awesome.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,12/18/2007,324,543,9,18,15>A Tale of Two EntitiesUseful:1. Settlement Home: Helps young girls who were abused have a place to live and thrive. It's a great nonprofit residential center that I hope no one on Yelp ever has a chance to use.2. Settlement Home Garage Sale: At Palmer Events Center the first weekend in November. Friday you have to pay to get in. Don't bother. Saturday, it's free and it's a great day to scout out the merchandise and buy things you just can't go without. Sunday, the morning is pretty picked over,  but the afternoon is the highlight of the whole thing. At a certain hour, they start selling boxes. Get there early, buy one or two boxes, depending on whether you think you can manage it. Plan to be trampled, nudged, elbowed, et cetera. Stuff your box as fast as possible and get the hell out.Funny:1. My freshman year of college, my rooommate worked for Settlement Home, where abused girls get their lives on track. Some have been sexually abused, physically abused, and so on. I really respected that.This same roommate thought it was funny to tell her mom and boyfriend (stationed in Iraq, by the way) that she was pregnant. After he got someone to buy the ring (within 24 hours) and freaked out sufficiently, and her mom went a little nuts, she called both of them back and said, "Just kidding!." I don't respect that at all.2. The people at the Settlement Home Garage Sale are friggin' animals. After I bought my box, I went to stand in front of the Center."GET BACK BITCH! I'VE BEEN STANDING HERE FOR 20 MINUTES!" Wow. I stepped back about 10 feet, actually closer to the door. I think I actually got in before this woman. She had two of the largest boxes available, $8 apiece, duct taped together and on a big luggage rack.I went to the art section. She was sweeping entire tables full of frames into her boxes. She swept in a picture I was in the middle of grabbing. "Can I have that please?" "No!""Are you even looking at what you're taking?'"NO! I JUST CARE ABOUT THE FRAMES, NOT THE ART, STUPID!"Well, she got a really interesting picture of Michaelangelo's "David" in the deal. Lucky lady.Cool:1. The Settlement Home basically runs off the funds raised by the gigantic garage sale once a year. What a neat concept. But you can donate to them at any time. It's a good cause, really.2. For a $3 box, I got the following:An antique intercom that doesn't workA bunch of Royal Doulton "Thistledown" bone china (valued at about $15 a plate)3 novels2 small framed photosA large framed photo of a broken windowA toothbrush holderA citrus zesterTwo original, one-of-a-kind paintingsWhat a deal!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2007,12/17/2007,78,61,7,7,7>So I had visions of winning the $50 gift certificate to Uchi (which, according to Yelper reviews, would have bought me, say, one piece of sashimi and a glass of water) and I am still a little bitter that I didn't. But, besides that tragic glitch, I had a great time at my first Elite event, and it was great to see all the Yelpers I already know and meet a whole slew of y'all that I hadn't, especially Carrie C., who before meeting in person I was starting to think was maybe just a sassy computer program and not a 3-D individual. I didn't partake of Homeslice, but it smelled really great, as did the Popcorn Place popcorn varieties, and the nicely low lit atmosphere of Dominican Joe's was perfect for a fun open mike session. Being an iced latte slave, I sampled the wares and found it to be delicious.Highlights of the open mike were Colby reading his Alamo Drafthouse review about "meeting" Quentin Tarantino, Liz W.'s impromptu and touching review and me not tripping over any wires in my 3-inch heels on the way up to the stage (see: Napoleon complex in my 7 Eleven review). Lowlights included me not winning any of the giveaway schwag and no one getting gonged (c'mon - gongs are funny! FUNNY!). Besides that, a great time was had in my induction to the uber cool Elite-ness that is Yelp.Oh, and I apologize (sorta) if anyone was offended by me saying Olive Garden makes me want to punch a baby in the head. But somehow I suspect that Jessica S. shares my bile for that particular chain restaurant of fools.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,12/16/2007,136,153,9,10,9>Jeeeeeeez. I'm still reeling after last nights all out blitz at Uchi. I'd never been, and after all the hype, it was time to crush their pathetic rebellion. Wait...that was Star Wars. Damnit.Firstly, let me be clear...for most average people, this place is a "celebration dinner" type of spot...like you just got a promotion at work, won the lottery, or got rid of that "annoyance" at work with help from your Uncle Vinnie. It's pricey. I could practically hear the cash register noise when I got the bill at the end of the night. But damn, was it worth it.The staff were friendly and accomadating...not what I expected. Our waiter was very knowledgeable. He suggested, but did not push, that we try the chef specialty, the Omikase. It was an 8-10 course dinner with dessert...and it was way more than we bargained for. I expected a half-ass jumble of plates, but each dish brought out was beautifully presented with taste to match. Some of their pairings took me completely by surprise, such as the pine needle sorbet for dessert. Pine needles?! It even had a pine needle on top for decoration with pine needle syrup trickled around the plate. I was blown away. The chef managed to take a woodland creatures lunch and make it into an elegant, tasty dessert.I can barely remember what each of the courses were last night...but it's a blissful sort of daze that causes this forgetfulness. My only complaint, and it's a rather minor one with all of the pros, is that it was much louder than I expected. I had made reservations thinking it was going to be a bit more romantic and quiet, but instead it was rather loud. There were also far more children than I expected to see at an "adult" resteraunt. I'm not against children...hell, I used to be one...but if I'm throwing down some dolla-dolla bills for some eats, I don't want to look over and see little Timmy drooling all over his plate of french fries.I'd be happy to go back at some point. The food is outstanding.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2007,12/15/2007,26,38,8,11,7>I went on a "hot double date" to the Woodland with my sister and her boyfriend and *my* long-suffering boyfriend a few weeks ago; I walked past it on Congress and the menu looked good (and really affordable).  I really love the atmosphere of the place; it sort of reminded me of a "Portland" type restaurant (my former home), so that was pleasing.  It's pretty crowded, but it didn't bother me. Food is semi-fancy comfort food, which, for me, is possibly the greatest cuisine of all time, so I was exceptionally pleased with the mac and cheese.  I also had a salad which was good but not particularly memorable.  My boyfriend was the only one who had room for dessert, so he got a slice of cheesecake which had the thickest crust I've ever seen.  I don't like cheesecake, so I didn't eat any, but my sister tried some, and, though she politely declined to take another bite at his urging, she later confessed to me that she had considered stabbing him in the neck with a fork and taking the rest.  So I guess it was pretty f-ing good cheesecake. And I have to say WORD to the ginger cherry limeade.  This is probably one of the top five cocktails I've ever had (and I'm a problem drinker so I know of what I speak).  We discussed the possibility of going back to Woodland and requesting a pitcher of them, which then became a vat, which eventually became a trough so that we could dunk our heads in the fruity alcoholic goodness.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2007,12/14/2007,22,29,6,9,9>TIP: If you hang out at Spec's long enough, you can get tipsy and full for free.  My visit was like this: Wanna try some vodka?  How about some wine?  How about a different kind of wine?  Do you want to sample any cheeses before you buy them?  Try the merlot!  Try the cabernet!  Did you already get a sample of vodka?The booze selection is overwhelming.  The cheese selection is drool-worthy.  Need some fancy crackers?  Some hilarious imported energy drinks?  Sour apple flavored maraschino cherries?  Riedel wine decanters?  Great, because they've got all that and more.Minus one star for the employees.  They were awesome, and they were helpful, and they were friendly... but they would. not. leave. us. alone.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,12/13/2007,161,122,5,6,5>Let me just mention this:1. I have only gone to DK sushi on Monday's for Karaoke2. I REALLY love sushi. Good Sushi. 3. I'm a pervert. Not a BAD one, but nonetheless, a perv.-there, we got that out of the way. a) I give DK Sushi 5 stars because I NEVER laugh harder than I do at that place on Monday nights. DK is completely insane and one of the funniest people I have ever heard. I love going to DK Sushi a lot. Its completely out of the way, but its a great time. b) The Korean BBQ is really good and I love it. But I'm usually pretty drunk by the time it arrives so whatever. c) I almost NEVER eat Sushi on Monday because very few restaurants get their fish delivered on Monday. Some things might keep from Friday to Monday, but I don't really feel like taking my chances.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2007,12/12/2007,462,751,7,8,8>So, say you want to hire someone, right?Let's say you don't want them to be like a bad driver with a drug problem and a sex offender background...you know, let's just say.You need to send them over to FC Background. They are professional, quick and kind about getting your (maybe) future employee tested for the crack and letting them go on about their life.Good times.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2007,12/10/2007,369,271,5,5,5>I am addicted to this place like a Sixth Street vagrant is to crack.  From the first time I stepped foot in this wonderful chapel of grease I have never questioned just how amazing this place is.  The new building and decor is funky, cool and definitely should please the "Keep Austin Weird" crowd.  I love the outdoor patio area with it's dirt floors, wooden picnic tables and cool vibe.  I have even seen some pretty decent bands playing out back.The food is awesome, the epitome of greasy tacos and just plain tastiness.  I always get the chicken, but I think I have had it all by now.  The meats are seasoned well, tasty and never dried out.  The chips are good, the queso is OKAY, it can be a little runny sometimes though.  But who really cares because this place is CHEAP, the food is GREAT and it's all at a great location.You have to take your out of town friends here to try it, it is very good and they won't be disappointed.  It's funky, it's fresh, it's greasy goodness.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2007,12/9/2007,344,274,25,4,7>Did that dude seriously have a piercing IN his piercing?  He pierced his piercing?.                                     ..                                        ..                                .That's right, he doubled-up.  Whole Foods ties with the big international airports for people watching.  We're talking LaGuardia, JFK, Chicago, Beaumont... all the big ones.  But if it's tats and piercings you seek to see, Whole Foods barely edges out ACL and Arkansas detention center #12 for the win.  Which is cool cuz I get to be hip for being one of two people in the store that DOESN'T have a lower-back tattoo (or wings).  I'm SO alternative.And where else can you get a self-serve $15 salad.  I pulled it off today and Guiness has been notified.It's GOTTA be the best place in the world to go if you don't know what you want.  But if you're in my "Hungry people with ADD" club, it's the worst.The only thing that would make the flagship Whole Foods better would be free tats with every purchase AND frequent flier miles.  Oh... and if it was actually less expensive than flying.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2007,12/8/2007,96,471,10,4,2>I am a bit confused.  Really.  If you think:1.  That there are too many frat boys.2.  That it's "too hot" to be outside.3.  That there are "too many" drunk people.4.  That it's "too sunny."  5.  That there are too many "damn dirty hippies"6.  That it's "too expensive."WHY WOULD YOU BOTHER GOING TO ACL FEST?!?  Was there ever really any confusion over the temperatures in Austin Texas in September?   Is is shocking and surprising to you that it's in the mid-90s this past weekend.  Truthfully, it's a bit shocking and surprising to me because I prepare myself for 103.  How is it unbearable that in a college town with 50,000 students that frat boys might not show up?  Really.  You think they might not be there?  *Lauren shakes her head in disbelief at your blatant stupidity.* Please don't waste your reviews of ACL fest on drunk frat boys and the heat.  We know it's hot.  We came prepared to party and sweat.  You, obviously, don't have the stuff that is needed to hack it at the festival.  Keep your reviews to yourself and don't tarnish the image.  Because it's the best.My top five this year:1.  LCD Soundsystem.   James Murphy, you are even cooler than I imagined.  2.  Ghostland Observatory.  My first time to both see and hear this Austin favorite.  I feel hip now.  I'm going to carry them back to South Lake Tahoe with me.3.  Wilco4.  Muse5.  STS9Honorable Mention: Zap Mama, for doing the worm.Complaints:  No wall of sound this year mid stage at the AMD stage.  This was remedied on Saturday night when they finally realized the sound sucked.  Also, the wristbands this year were insanely annoying.  Small little serrated edges pricking my wrists all day, for three days.  No me gusta.P.S.  Why would you buy a one day festival pass to see Amy Winehouse and admit it?  She sucks.  Fact.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2007,12/7/2007,27,69,15,9,11>simplicity is next to godliness. no...? i've got it wrong? well, this place does one thing and they do it perfectly. you get to choose if you want a 1/2 chicken or a whole chicken.i think the total is $11 or $13 for the whole chicken, rice, beans, 10 corn tortillas, two kinds of sauce (the green is the bomb!!). food enough for two people and then some leftovers.this is worth the trip.as long as you're not coming from dallas or something.if you don't like your first bite here, bring it to me. i'll eat it.and then after i've eaten, we'll fight.because i don't like you if you don't like this chicken.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,12/5/2007,27,85,2,7,5>So my friend and I had been looking for a great Italian restaurant in Austin for a while. Botticelli's was getting some "eh" reviews, so we put it off. Then one day, one one of my Yelp surfing marathons, Andiamo popped off as one of the most bookmarked restaurants and well, the rest is history.  We headed out the other night for the trek to Andiamo. And it is a trek for those of us that live downtown. But it's worth it. It was also somewhat difficult to find given that it is located in a tiny strip mall with a karate studio on one side and a beauty school on the other. That is okay with me. I love hidden gems.   And Andiamo is certainly a hidden gem. So hidden in fact that my friend and I were the only couple in the restaurant for our entire meal. One other group wandered in as we were leaving about two hours later, but that was it. This was to our benefit as we enjoyed IMPECCABLE service and outstanding advice. Our waiter had obviously been there a while and knew everything on the menu forwards and backwards. He was totally straightforward and let us know when he thought we were ordering too much food. (We're greedy, what can I say). The menu can be overwhelming. They have a very extensive regular menu with pages of dishes ranging from seafood to pasta to meat to poultry. On top of that they have a specials menu that changes daily that is also quite lengthy. It took us a good half an hour to finally wade through all the options. (They have a great deal on a tasting menu/chefs choice for both the specials and the regular menu, and that might be worth trying if you can't make up your mind.)  I started with the scallops and they were perfectly cooked in a light cream sauce with capers. The capers weren't over-powering and the total taste was an exceptional mix of flavors. Highly recommended. My friend started with the tomato/basil/mozzarella plate which he also highly recommended.   For our entrees I had a pasta with sausage and goat cheese in a delicious and hearty red sauce and my friend had the linguine and claims. They are VERY generous portions, so bring your appetites. My pasta was perfectly al dente and the goat cheese paired with the sausage well. (They had a lobster ravioli that looked amazing and may be what I get next time.) My friend said his linguine was perfectly seasoned, and it certainly must have been because their wasn't a drop left on his plate.  OH, and I almost forgot: The wine list is EXTREMELY reasonable and very thorough with detailed paragraphs about each region and a list of the wine characteristics. We had an AWESOME Chianti.    So I highly recommend this little place for incredible food in service in a low-key environment. This is one hidden gem I hope becomes more popular. I promise you'll love your food and the experience. Worth every penny.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2007,12/4/2007,65,91,8,11,7>I feel compelled to write a review of the the airport today, and here's why.  I had a 7:45 am flight yesterday, left my house at 7:05 (basically @ Slaughter and Mopac), arrived at 7:30 (got dropped off, didn't have to park), breezed through security and walked right onto the plane.This pleases me greatly.I've lived in Orange County and flown out of either John Wayne Airport or LAX most of my life.  For those of you who have, you understand my love affair with Austin-Bergstrom.  I would pretty much be screwed if I arrived within an hour of my flight on a weekday morning.  Not having to check baggage makes a big difference, but still....just the traffic getting there, and the distance was about the same as it is for me here, would mean I'd have to leave at least 2 hours early that time of day.Being able to pick up some Salt Lick breakfast tacos doesn't suck, either (downside:  I have to leave 5 minutes earlier).So, why don't I give it 5 stars?  No free wi-fi.  If I do get there early enough to sit in the SWA cattle-call line, I want to be able to run my email without having to pay $7 or whatever it is while I moo, chew on my cud and paw at the carpet.  I suppose I could fly Continental or American and have a lounge at my disposal, but I'm always changing my flights, and that is so much easier/cheaper with SWA.  Not to mention, that would defeat my goal of spending as little time in the airport as possible.Oh, and one more thing....now that I live here, it's kind of a moot point for me, but dropping off a rental car and only having to walk across the street when you're trying to catch a flight kicks ass.  Or picking up a car when you arrive, for that matter.  I think we can all agree that car rental shuttles suck.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,12/3/2007,211,223,2,8,8>We had such a nice date night on Friday night.  We came downtown around 8 specifically to dine at Enoteca - and we were told the wait was an hour and twenty minutes for first-available.  Not surprising for a Friday night.  The hostess told us she didn't really think it would be quite that long and offered to take my cell phone number so we could go cruise around while we waited.We walked up to Guero's outside garden and enjoyed a beer or two while listening to some good music under the giant lit-up trees.  The weather was perfect, the crowd was manageable, the beer was cold, and we easily found seats.  An hour later, we got our phone call from the hostess at Enoteca saying that our table was ready.Enoteca has a fairly small dining room and also a fairly small outdoor seating area.  We were seated inside, and given menus by the hostess.  Moments later, we were greeted by our server.   We had decided to have some red wine and asked her to recommend something mid-range and full-bodied.  She recommended a french red, domain de fontsainte, which neither of us had had before.  It was exactly what we were looking for.We started with a cheese and fruit appetizer plate, which we split.  There were probably 6 different cheeses, some toasted baguette slices, and slices of asian pear.  The variety of cheeses was impressive - and extra points for our server who offered to bring more baguette slices when she noticed that we still had some cheeses left on the plate.  After polishing off the app, we moved on to our chopped salad with a raspberry viniagrette dressing, which we also split.  The salad was full of mixed greens and had little pockets of olives, pepperoncini, and thinly sliced italian salami as well as a couple of hard boiled egg halves.  It was so light and delicious.  I have a serious dressing-aversion and usually ask for dressing on the side - but I was living dangerously this night (we were out without the kids!) and decided to take it as it came  - and I am happy to report that in addition to being flavorful, the dressing was perfectly applied.We were on such a roll that we decided to split an entree too.  After much deliberation (the menu choices sound and look that good), Jack convinced me to get the pasta dish that he had last time he came to Enoteca.  The dish brough together fresh fettucine with button mushrooms and spinach in a light cream sauce.  When it first arrived at the table, I worried that it might not be a big enough serving for the two of us - but it actually ended up being perfect and we were satiated without being overly full......which turned out to be quite important because it meant that we had room to sample dessert!  And not one, but two.  We got the chocolate mousse which was light and creamy with a strong hazelnut flavor.  It was very good but unfortunately for it, it was presented alongside the marscapone cheesecake.  The cheesecake was probably the best I have had.  In my life.  It was also light and amazingly creamy and not overly sweet like many cheesecakes can be.  I really mean amazingly creamy too.  Like you will taste it and you will not be able to stop yourself from saying "this cheesecake is amazingly creamy" and your dinner mates will immediately concur.Oh, and we were able to cork the little bit of our delicious wine that we hadn't finished and bring it home with us.All in all a great date night, and a great dinner at Vespaio's little sister.  Service was casual and friendly, but completely professional.  The atmosphere is authentic and romantic with not a drop of pretension.  Food and wine were wonderful.  Go, and make sure you try the marscapone cheesecake.
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,12/2/2007,97,232,8,7,7>Dart Bowl has great bowling alley karma.  I never have fun bowling but I always have fun bowling at Dart Bowl.  I'll even get up to say, a 56 or so, even though I never ever ever bowl above a 30.Those enchiladas everyone is pushing you to get are really nasty.  The chili is gross, but it works on the cheese fries.  Everything else I've had there is good - hamburgers, club sandwich, I think a BLT, and even the quesadillas which of course are made with yummy gooey cheddar-type orange nacho cheese.  The patty melt is wonderful, just like mom makes.  I've never had cocktails at the Dart Bowl, but really guys - you're bowling.  Leave the cosmos to the Apple Bar and get yourself a gaddamn American beer. The best thing about Dart Bowl is the sense of community.  It's so comforting to go bowling and see families out doing stuff together.  I even felt close to the pregnant little lady in the lane next to us that was whoopin' all her hoodlum guy friends' asses at bowling.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,12/1/2007,58,162,9,3,4>A CM employee once asked me:"What do you get when you cross H.E.B. with Whole Foods?"I answered, "Central Markup?""No, my friend," He said, "You get Harry Butt-hole Foods.  A.K.A. Central Markup"That said this is still the best place to take out of town guests shopping, because chances are that they do not have any place like this at home.I personally go here when I am hungry and try to graze off as many free samples as possible, occasionally taking double portions when the employee's have abandoned their station.  In theory you could subsist this Way hiding in the aisle at night and nibbling by day.Alas my eyes and nose are bigger than my fingers and after watching the cheese man make fresh mozzarella right there on the spot, I must give in and actually buy something, so the plan is then foiled.Are you searching for love in that mass of Taters?Did your Rhubarb Pie become a Lemon Later?Central Markup is your place.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2007,11/30/2007,724,628,14,8,8>Ah, Jo's.  So many reasons to love you.  I love your prime people-watching location on South Congress in the thick of it all.  I love that you are dog-friendly.  I love that you feel so Austin-funky.  I love your chai, even though it doesn't really taste the way I think chai should taste.  It is still a damn tasty hot drink with caffeine.I wouldn't really ever consider you as a study partner or a place to work, because you lack the cushy chair factor.  And when I'm working, I have to be fickle and not *really* love that you're in a prime people-watching location on South Congress in the thick of it all.  It's kind of distracting.  But that's OK.  I have other friends that fulfill those needs for me.I do have to be honest with you about one thing, though, Jo's.  I think you charge way too much for your breakfast tacos.  I mean, they're pretty good and all, but they're still just breakfast tacos - yet they're 2-3X more than everyone else's tacos.  Sure, that only means you charge $3 for them rather than the $1-$2 that everyone else charges, but still.  It's the principal of the thing.  I want to help you pay your rent for your prime piece of real estate, but work with me here, sweetie.  2-3X more?  Come on.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,11/29/2007,41,166,6,7,8>Woah! Bad vibes via Yelp! The other reviewers seem to collectively hate this place. I love it.I admit, first impression is not impressive. I kind of thought, what's the big deal? Mediocre. Nothing to hate. Nothing to love. I thought it was awesome they had people doing nails in the corner (I saw only men getting manicures, by the way - and also, aren't there health sanctions on manicures? I mean, there's a risk of blood being shed. Doesn't that require a sanitary environment? The manicurist was smoking) and the fact that they had pint cans of PBR definitely made me smile.Next thing I know, I'm in love with the place. The bands were rockin' ( and if the bands aren't playing, the DJs are awesome), the people were chill (wearing absurd ensembles, not caring if people think its fashionable or not), and everyone was dancing around wildly, by no means trying to look "cool." Everyone was just doing their own thing. And there's nothing better than a photobooth in the back. Drunken photoboothing is an American pastime.I went last night and had such a great time, it prompted me to write this. It's almost Halloween, so I knew Beauty Bar would be interesting.Funny moment of the night:Drunken 6th street girl who accidentally strayed from her natural territory, dressed like a "butterfly" (she claimed) was in the bathroom with a girl dressed like a panda. Another drunk girl asks Panda "Are you a mouse or something?" Drunken Butterfly responds "That is soooooo Panda." Then she hastily snatches up her clutch, and storms out.Amazing.CASH ONLY at the outside bar, but there's an ATM outside (that charges both arm and leg). Apparently its a $20 minimum on cards inside (I haven't tested it - I just trust the outside bartender who told me that). I can't say much for the beer selection because, honestly, I can't resist the pint can PBR and haven't checked the rest of the options (I have a feeling its limited, though. Seemed like a big liquor place).Go. Dance. Realize that no one is actually thinking they're better than you, and they don't care if you think you're better than them. Just have fun. This is a great place for it.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,11/28/2007,12,7,2,11,6>I took my wife and daughter to Swad today on a recommendation from other Yelpers.  It was happy tummies all 'round!We ordered the thali (kind of a sampler platter) with naan and pani (breads) to split between the three of us.  At first glance, it didn't seem to be very much food, but it was ample enough for us to all get pleasantly full without much left over.  I'm not terribly well-versed in Indian foods, so I don't know what everything was called.  Suffice it to say that there was a good sampling of several different soups, dips, chutney, and spreads all arranged in metal ramekins on a round metal platter.  The stand-outs for me were the naan (the best I've ever had - extremely light and very tasty), a rich, brown smoky-flavored lentil soup and a creamy white spread that tasted like a flavored cream cheese with yogurt.  Everything else on the platter was tasty and had its own distinct flavors and complexities.  A gentleman a couple of tables down from us had the paneer dosa - it was HUGE and looked extremely tasty.  I'm definitely trying that next time.The iced tea was sweetened, and I couldn't tell whether it was instant or brewed.  I had a hot tea (I couldn't place the blend) that was sweetened with condensed milk and had spices floating in it - very tasty and soothing to the stomach.The service is a bit different from what we all might be used to in a sit down kind of restaurant.  You order and pay at the counted, find a seat and wait for them to bring you your food.  Apart from that, it's the only time anyone comes to your table.  You get your own water and silverware and have to request any extra plates, etc.  It was a bit cumbersome having to bother the nice lady at the counter for extra plates - she was BUSY!  The kitchen was hopping, but they still had our food out within 10 minutes.  I've got no complaints with that!I'm not too big on ambiance, as long as the place is clean.  Swad's dining room is cozy, clean, well-lit, and there's enough room between the tables for people to get in and out without assaulting the people around them.  The consensus all around was that we'll definitely go back.  It's a pleasant change to find a place where my wife and I can share food that accommodates both of our diets.  If you want flavorful, well-prepared Indian food in ample quantities and at a fair price then you should definitely give Swad a try.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,11/27/2007,139,109,8,9,8>I've loved Indian food for many years.  When I was an undergrad I had a friend from Bangladesh who introduced me to food from that part of the world.  As a grad student I had another friend, also from Bangladesh, who introduced me to even more food from that part of Asia.  Here in Austin, we hired a postdoc from India.  Since he couldn't open a bank account, rent an apartment, or get paid by UT until he got his Social Security card, he stayed at my house for a couple of months.  I knew in advance he was vegetarian, so I headed to Whole Foods and bought a bunch of spices and food so I could cook Indian food for him.  I thought  I did OK; I made channa masala, saffron rice, lentils, some spicy potatoes from a recipe I found.  One day we left campus coming down Guadalupe and he saw Clay Pit.  He offered to buy me dinner there.  We walked in and I've never seen someone's eyes light up like his.  He was in heaven.  We ate and ate till we couldn't eat any more.  Was it really that good, or only good compared to what this midwestern carnivorous farmboy cooked for him?  He's very polite, and said it was very good by its own right.  I choose to believe him.I've been back several times, often with Rishi, and each time both the food and the service have been dynamite.  Asking for 'spicy' when I'm with him gets a really nice level of hotness; if I'm not with him, 'spicy' is a bit milder.I'm trying to learn to become a little more stingy with 5-star ratings and save them for life-altering meals.  The only negative thing I can say about Clay Pit is that I hate those pager-like things they give you when waiting for a table.  Why can't they just jot down "fat old guy with a beard" and come find me?
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,11/25/2007,10,8,4,5,4>Try the vegan reuben! Or Tofurkey! I'm not personally much on sweets, cupcakes, and things of that nature, HOWEVER, I do know very closely that their baker, Kathryn, puts a ton of energy and time into every single thing displayed there.  She's force fed me tons of it, just for trial.  Support those guys, they're doing a good job!PS. quite possibly the only place in town serving vegan softserve ice cream.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2007,11/23/2007,189,449,5,12,10>Gilbert and Tucker (my two dogs) have asked me to submit some reviews for them.  They really wanted to do it themselves, but I refused to give them my password.Highmark Kennels is GRRRReat!  I don't  take the boys to daycare or overnight kenneling trips often, but when I have to, its a welcome relief to have Highmark so close by.    It is a small family-run facility actually at the owners home, just about 3 miles W of the Oakhill Y.    There is a beautiful green lawn covering at least 3 acress, and a small indoor/outdoor kennel for the canine guests.   There is a POOL!! and you can arrange for special individual swimming sessions, as well as extra grooming, playtime, or whatever you need.   The place is clean as a whistle.  The kennels are odor-free and there is no poop in sight.My dogs are spoiled brats. They truly think that my life revolves around them.  ok, well it does a little.  Nevertheless, we have been to other places where they have refused to get out of the car once they realize where they are, where they have slipped their collars and leaped back into my car, where i have had to drag them into the front door.    Not Highmark.  They are all smiling and happy to be at Highmark.  They get really high qualtity food and walks and clearly, lots of love.  Great place.  Four paws up!!
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2007,11/22/2007,152,351,7,4,5>My first Real Time review to date.. I just sat down at Star Seeds and connected to the free WiFi. Good sign, we are moving in the right direction.. There were 2 sides to the Cafe, one cold as a witch's tit and the other comfortable. I asked to be in the comfortable side and they were cool with it.  I just ordered and asked for the Humus sandwich.. they are out. shit, bad sign.  Ordered the chicken wrap instead.  Weird, the waitress just came over to refill my water and I covered up my computer screen as if I was looking at porn.. Not sure why I had that reaction, I was just writing a review of the place. Maybe because I usually write the reviews in the safety of my home.. hmmmmmWrap is good because of the grilled chicken flavor and the guacamole. Unlike most of the other reviews my server is prompt and friendly.. no issue at all.  Music is kinda folky-earthy.  With the free Internet, good service and tasty dish I am liking the place...Oops, as I typed that a squadron of flies just buzzed by in formation.. not a good sign.  Ending the meal with a cup of Peppermint Tea and a 3-star rating.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2007,11/21/2007,4162,2361,4,4,5>When my hosts suggested we check out The Mean Eyed Cat, which is a tribute to Johnny Cash my first remark was "I didn't even know Johnny Cash was from Austin".  And apparently he's not, but Austin loves him anyway...so much so that there is an entire bar dedicated to him!And people really do love Johnny and The Mean Eyed Cat in Austin because there was a line outside the door to get in....fortunately, this line moved fast and we were inside within 5-10 minutes.  I was getting a little sleepy from all the wine I had earlier in the evening so was planning to get an alcohol beverage with a little caffeine in it, but this wasn't an option at The Mean Eyed Cat because they only serve beer and wine.  Unfortunate for hard alcohol lovers, but I appreciate that they keep it simple.  We group of 6 had no trouble snagging a table and it was an enjoyable place to hang out...and I certainly felt like I was in the heart of Austin, which was nice since it was my first night ever in Austin.  Not sure if this would be the type of place I'd frequent if I was a local because I love my martinis too much, but it did give me a whole new appreciation for Mr. Cash.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,11/20/2007,43,34,6,8,9>-Disclaimer- Years ago when we were children,  I knew an awesome DSL technician. A righteous dude that you could trust, he chased his dream - Azul or bust!I knew the founder when Azul was started (circa 2000?). We've lost touch since they closed the Round Rock location - but I owe him a visit.They have some traditional Tex-Mex offerings and the salsa is downright tasty. For us, the service was always good at both locations. Check the bar as they have some nifty personalized shot glasses (super thick blue glass) and plenty of Tequila choices.My wife liked to stay firmly anchored at the border (Tex-Mex) while I vicariously roamed all of Mexico sampling a  variety of unique and freakishly tasty dishes.I favored the spiced pork on banana leaves (Conchinita Pibil?) which was served with pickled vegetables that were unique and habit-forming.  Have I mentioned that I am still pissed that the Round Rock location closed? Is it just me or does the mere mention of Conchinita Pibil make anyone else see Johnny Depp with his eyes poked out? [imdb.com/title/tt0285823    and [allmoviephoto.com/photo/Crazy brain...I love the atmosphere as Azul Tequila reeks of a place that stands defiantly on the quality of its food. It's low key like a cajun shack on the side of a country ditch with 50 cars parked outside and a line of "suits" waiting in the hot sun for their shot at a table.  But hey,  that's just the way I like my rolls.Vaya y coma como un dios.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,11/19/2007,41,25,18,7,9>Casino El Camino would be one of my go-to restaurants, except they're not really a restaurant.  They're just a bar.  A bar that makes my last meal on earth, the cheeseburger, better than anyone else in the world.The decor can only be described as "Satan's Dungeon" - dark, lit with red bulbs, and gargoyles on the walls.  But in a move of feng shui brilliance, the only white light in the place (heaven?) comes from the kitchen in the back.  That's where you go, order your burger, and wait at least 40 minutes for it to be cooked.  Don't worry about the time though, cause even without burgers, this is a pretty sweet bar - cheap beer, interesting people, and those great pool tables you can run if you've had more than 2 beers but less than 4.But back to the burgers - their piece de resistance is the amarillo burger with serrano chilis and jalepeno jack.  When they do it right, it's the perfect mixture of hot peppers and beef that will warm your tongue just right and then disappear with a pull off your beer.  But God forbid they neglect to remove all the seeds from the peppers - your lips will burn like you just went down on Paris Hilton.  The good news is that the magic is in the patty, not the fixin's.  So no matter what your style, they're gonna put together a burger that rivals the best you've ever had.And if you want an added bonus, try and show up between opening (4pm) and around 5/5:30.  When you go back to the kitchen to order, sneak a peek behind the guy taking your order, and you might see the burgers being prepped.  Dozens upon dozens of perfectly spherical 3/4 lb certified angus beef patties stacked up like meat cannonballs.  It's truly a sight.  Sometimes when I'm having a smoke, I sit back and dream of constructing a device.  A device I could load up with these puppies as ammo and then fire them at will at my vegan twin sister.  Don't get me wrong - it's not that she's a bad person or that she's ever said anything.  It's just that after my repeated failed attempts to become a vegetarian, I can see it in her eyes.  She's judging me.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,11/18/2007,664,120,31,6,11>Well, I figure I ought to get my review in before this location becomes something else.So, the Alamo Drafthouse is what makes this town worth living in. In spite of all you douchenozzles who keep ruining my fair city with your Starbuckses and your Which Wiches and your lumbering towers of unsold California Sucker Condos that blot out the sun, there are a handful of places that make Austin worth sticking around.Seriously, I can move to Dallas now or have it foist upon me in 18 months. Some choice.But I digress. You have to love the Alamo Drafthouse to be a good 'murican. You just do.Local, independent, well-run business. Takes care of its customers. Relishes its role.Also, introduces me to Quentin Tarantino. Well, it didn't say, "Quentin, this is my friend Colby. He's a fan of yours." It did, however, host a UT Football game watching in between double features of QT's Blood and Gore Fest a few years ago.Where were you when Joe Walker* brickhanded a sure interception and ole'd a tackle that allowed Stanford (yes, fucking shitty at football Stanford) to beat Texas the year after we'd beaten them by pi r squared points?I know where I was. I was in the lobby of the Alamo with a penicillin ring around me as the hundreds of gothers and filmgeeks kept "strange, scary man" distance from me. watching on the small TV out there, screaming "YOU ARE THE WORST PLAYER IN THE HISTORY OF FUCKING ORGANIZED FOOTBALL, JOE WALKER. YOU SUCK. YOU SUCK. I MEAN MY GRANDMOTHER COULD HAVE MADE EITHER OF THOSE PLAYS AND SHE'S DEAD, JOE. HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT, JOE? YOU KILLED MY GRANDMOTHER WITH YOUR SHITTY PLAY." Then, as some observers have said, I Hulk Hoganed my shirt off of me and drop kicked it. As I made my way to the door (realizing it was my only shot to do it of my own volition - yes, i have developed a 6th sense about this) I made eye contact with an utterly aghast Quentin Tarantino, who was hanging out at the bar with Harry Knowles. I mean, it was like my cursing outburst had actually drained all the blood straight out of Quentin's noggin.Think about that for a second.Finer moment #1893.* to be fair, I hear Joe is just a great guy.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,11/17/2007,103,80,67,32,22>Happy Naked People!   I've lived in Austin almost 20 years now, and I've been to Hippie Hollow maybe a dozen times. As of 9/7/07 it is $10 to park.  No glass and no dogs I think. Just head straight west on 2222/Balcones/Koenig and follow the signs. It is about 17 miles from the intersection of I-35 and 2222.  Let me explain, I am a nudist at heart. I dig the freedom of it.  In practice, well I've never tried it until now.  My company threw a pretty major shin-dig on Thursday Sept 6th. I worked 102 days straight as in IN-A-ROW to get ready for it, and to help get our company off the ground.  Well it went wonderfully, and I was up early the next morning to head to the office to unload. Then I was planning on going to meet a model for lunch in San Marcos, and floating the San Marcos river. Well the model flaked, which they sometimes do, and I was in the office until about 11:15, too late to head to San Marcos. So I decided I'd just go out to the lake.  We usually go to Windy Point, but to get to Windy point you pass by Hippie Hollow.  I saw the sign and figured, "Hell this is closer, I might as well go here." I payed the $10bucks and hopped down the path preparing myself for well endowed guy.  You wonder who well endowed guy is?  Well every time, and I mean every time I've ever been to Hippie Hollow there is one guy hanging out at the bathroom to welcome you. When I say hanging out, I really mean hanging out. And I when I say well endowed I mean it is like a baby's arm with an apple on the end. I don't know if well endowed guy is an employee of the park or what, maybe it is a volunteer group or something. It is not always the same guy, but there has always been a guy there.  I was prepared for it, but I got to the restroom at the entrance - no well endowed guy.  In fact, there seemingly was no one there at all.  I heard a splash and saw one guy about 100 yards to my right.  That was it.  Well I walked down to my usual spot, laid out my towel and popped open a FIJI water (Which I drink simply to look cool) and laid in the sun.  I popped into the water, which was higher than I'd ever seen it. It was everything I hoped it would be.  I got out, looked around again, and figured, "hey, what the hell." Swoosh - off comes the swim trunks. Swim trunks make that sound when they come off, especially if you yell out "SWOOSH!" when you take them off. I looked around again, no one cared. If Don is naked at the lake - no one cares. I laid back down, put my head against the rock, and passed the hell out.......I awoke about 53 minutes later to the sounds of laughing and splashing.  This is how it went in my head. Don R: "Hey there are people around me now." Don R: "Hey they are a bunch of naked ladies around me now." Don R: "Wow that one is gorgeous, this is great there must be a dozen naked women around me now." Don R:"Hey I'm naked too. Shit!"  Don R: "Hey they don't seem to care, they must have seen me here, Just don't gawk and if you have to; just think about baseball." Don R:"Hey a bunch of them are really pretty, and they are all naked, oops - What was Biff Pocoroba's lifetime average?"Don R: "Hey! Why is my crotch on fire?" Don R:"OMFG I'm sunburnt" NAKED LADY: "Did you fall asleep in the sun?"Don R: "Yes I did for about an hour." NAKED LADY: "Sunburnt?" Don R: "Yes I gotta jump in the water"NAKED LADY: "Hey look - he's sunburnt down there!"  ALL NAKED LADIES:  Hahahahahahaha - while pointing to said down there. Now it turns out these ladies are gay, lesbians if you will.  I figure this out later. Not that there is anything wrong with that of course.   I don't know if you have ever had nine naked lesbians point at your junk and laugh, but honestly it is rather emasculating.  NAKED LADY: "I'm sorry, but it is funny, first time?" Don R: "Yup, I have no idea how I will explain to my wife though."  Some tips about Hippie Hollow:1. Bring two towels, depending on the water level you will be on rocks. Two towels helps cushion the hard rock. 2. Don't be a looky lou.  A handful of perverts try to ruin this park, by doing well perverted things.  I hate these guys, they ruin the park for the rest of us by making women uncomfortable. If you see one of these guys go tell the ranger. 3. Bring a small cooler - you don't want to lug a big cooler down those rocks. 4. If you are going to lay out nude - put sunscreen on your....well your parts before you get out there.  You don't want to be arrested for lewd behavior and trust me you do not want a sunburned peener like me. Hippie Hollow is one of Austin's gems. Go out and enjoy it!
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2007,11/16/2007,246,167,33,3,7>Here's an accounting of the conversation I had at J Black's with the bartender:ME:  "Hey, how're you doing?"BARTENDER:  "Good!  Man, you look just like my brother!  It freaked me out for a second, with the hair and the glasses...."ME:  "Yeah, What's your name?"BARTENDER:  "Stephen."ME:  "What's your brother's name?"BARTENDER: "Max."ME:  "Yeah, I'm not him."BARTENDER:  (blank stare) (long awkward pause)ME:  "Can we get a Fireman's 4 and a LoneStar?"The bartender, Stephen, walked a way for a few moments to get our drinks, during which time I took a moment to look around the bar.  The place is situated, both aesthetically and in location, somewhere between The Belmont and Molotov Lounge, if that makes any sense.  Similar vibe in all three places, some similar decor and crowd, loud with not the greatest music in the world.  Meanwhile, the Bartender is coming back:BARTENDER:  "Here are your beers."ME:  "Thanks, man.  Hey, does your brother drink Miller High Life?"BARTENDER: "Yeah, why?"ME:  "Because that's what you brought me instead of a LoneStar."oops.  I drank it anyway.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,11/15/2007,21,22,19,12,5>Din Ho -- or "Dum Ho" as my friends and I affectionately call it -- is without a doubt the best Chinese restaurant in town.  That's not saying much here in Austin, as it beat out the likes of PF Changs, Magic Woks, and that little eggroll stand on the Drag.  If you're looking for authentic Cantonese cuisine, this is the place to gnosh.So you want to open your own successful Chinese restaurant?  Just follow these simple rules:Rule #1:  Force your customers on the waitlist to loiter outside with all the smokers and ex-cons.  Setup a bottleneck in the lobby area so it violates half of the city's fire ordinances.Rule #2:  Hire rude waitstaff.  Maybe call up some overseas relatives so you don't have to pay them as much.  No training is necessary as you want to maintain a high level of craptastic service.  Although you want to make them watch a few Randy Moss highlight reels to perfect that look of apathy.  Be sure to teach your bus girls how to fling half-filled plastic cups of water into the cleanup bins to maximize splashing on customers.  Rule #3:  Make sure the tables and seating surfaces are as sticky as possible.  Bowls, plates, and chopsticks must have leftover food particles for extra flavor.Rule #4:  Gotta have fish tanks filled with tilapia, crabs, and assorted crustaceans.  Overstock them so they don't have room to move around.  PETA members don't eat at Chinese restaurants anyways.  Don't clean the tanks either -- the murky poo water makes it more authentic.Rule #5:  Cook up some good eats.Din Ho abides by all of these rules but really emphasizes rule #5.  We usually order the prix-fixe dishes on the back of the menu (dinner for 6, 8, 10, etc) and chow down family style.  They've got several big round tables with lazy susans which is perfect for large parties.  Just spin it until you see something you like -- it's the MSG Wheel of Fortune!  Peking duck with the green onions, hoisin sauce, and steamed buns is my fave.  Be sure to wedge a piece of the fatty duck skin in there.  Beef and chinese broccoli, seafood soup, snow pea leaves, pork-stuffed tofu, and walnut prawns are good too.  There's usually a lobster and/or whole fish to round out the gauntlet.  You can always pad your order with some greasy BBQ pork or chicken.*** Tip:  large parties of six or more?  pay cash and get a 10% discount off your total bill.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,11/14/2007,392,291,30,7,26>So this girl messages me on Myspace.  Says she found me randomly and asks if I've heard of anything else from Miranda July except for "You, Me and Everyone We Know."  I'm pretty skeptical of girls who randomly message me on Myspace.  For one, I thought only guys were suppose to send random messages to girls saying stupid crap like "Dang girl, you're eyes are so beautiful. We should hang out sometime." Secondly, this girl was hot.  And when hot girls message you on Myspace, they usually want you to go to their porn site and sign up for all kinds of shit you don't want.  This girl was actually talking about real stuff, so I was somewhat confused and thinking this is one of those "too good to be true moments."She asks me if I was Jewish because her dad is Jewish and I remind her of him.  Never in my life has reminding some girl of her dad ever paid off for me.  And I'm not even Jewish.  Although, I have read an article about how girls usually end up with guys who remind them of their fathers.  Which gets me to thinking where are all the girls who have skinny fathers with curly hair, big noses and lots of smarts? Anyways, by this point I'm thinking "score." So, it's a Wednesday night and she asks me to go see the Spazmatics at Cedar Street Courtyard.  I'm still a little skeptical.  This could end up in two ways:  1. She's going to stand me up. 2. She's going to show up and say "Glad you made it.  Well I'm here with my friends, see you later." I was going to take my chances.  So I'm standing around by myself like a jackass for a good twenty minutes before she shows up with a bunch of hot friends.  I'm looking pretty cool though cause I'm sporting my beard and my brown corduroy blazer.  She's wearing this low-cut, red dress which really didn't matter because I immediately undressed her with my eyes.  She sidles up next to me and from that point on we were both in a trance.  I was all over her and she was all over me.  I normally hate dancing.  But that night, I pulled off every nerdy move I knew.I kept thinking, "What is the hottest girl in the bar doing with me?" Every guy in the bar had his eyes glued to her.  One guy even came up to me and asked if she were my girlfriend and then reiterated my thoughts. "You know you're with the hottest girl in this bar, don't you?" Yes I do, Thanks for noticing.  Then he offered to buy us beer.   Every time I'd turn my back, some other guy would be hitting on her and then she would grab me and say to the guy, "Have you met my date, Camron?" Whoa! That had never happened before.  Any other girl would have been making out with the guy in the bathroom by now. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with this girl.So the night kind of ends with her whispering sweet nothings in my ear and making out by my car.  Since it's possible that children or my grandparents may be reading this, I won't go into any details.   This was probably one of the coolest experiences of my pathetic life and I owe a huge chunk of it to the Spazmatics and Cedar Street Courtyard.  That place rocks.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,11/13/2007,40,84,9,7,10>OK people, listen to your uncle James, he's going to tell you a story of the days of yore.  Back in the day, people really didn't get their sodas from plastic bottles sold by the case at your local Costco, but rather one at a time at a place called a soda fountain.  Jerks would serve up cherry cokes, lemon cokes, vanilla doctor pepper and all sorts of other things.  And the amazing thing?  These sodas actually TASTED good.  The lemon coke didn't taste like Pledge, and the cherry coke had more of a genuine cherry taste than if you waved a maraschino over top of the glass.  In the mood for something thicker than a soda?  Well how about kicking back with a malted milk shake or an ice cream soda?  And after you finished that tasty drink, you could gather up a bag of penny candy to take home to Susie Jane, who would undoubtedly be sitting on your front porch steps when you got home, with the hopscotch board already drawn on the sidewalk.Well people, these old days are back at the Big Top.  From the fez-topped soda jerks to the candy bins around the entire store, it's like you just hopped out of Doc Brown's Delorean, only without that whole attraction to your mother bit.  Sure, the candy is a bit more expensive than a penny (damn you, inflation!), but it's there in abundance.  The salt water taffy was a big hit on opening night, as were the sodas and popcorn.  The only minor complaint I have is the lack of a sitting counter, but I imagine with this place the counter would be full all the time.  So stop in, try a chocolate sprite (you'll thank me later), and tip your neighborhood jerk.  No, they may not be as funny as Steve Martin, but Steve Martin never sold you candy either...
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2007,11/12/2007,474,618,2,3,4>Wine and cool home furnishings? Count me in! Add some tasty treats from Sazon . . . twist my arm.Had a nice chill night hanging with my fellow Yelpers at the home decor boutique, soon-to-be evening wine bar at Aviary. And if tonight was any indication, this will be a nice place to come at night to relax with glass of wine. Different than other events, this was much more laid back. Was pleased to meet some newbies like Ian, Monica, Jessica . . . and just as happy to see some familiar faces like Susie, Camron, Matt and Dawn.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,11/11/2007,1574,1166,9,6,9>Say you have ordered a frozen custard cone, a root beer, and some nice hot salty french fries. How do you go about eating them?1. Eat one hot french fry. 2. Take one lick from frozen cone.3. Swig some root beer.REPEAT UNTIL ALL ARE GONEMaybe for some it's "all about the Benjamin's" but for me it's "all about the juxtapositions."Roll up to this little shack and see for yourself.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2007,11/10/2007,27,40,2,6,5>I have endured the battle against back hair for several years, including 5 laser treatments and innumerable waxings. After moving here, I had a haircut at Birds and saw The Waxing Studio. My wife bravely checked it out and got great results. So I dutifully arranged to get my back and arms done. Painful? Yes, somewhat. But in comparison to the treatments ladies endure? No.This place is clean, Kristin was quick and precise. And that says alot when you are talking about depilatory work over square feet. I am now a satisifed regular.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2007,11/9/2007,421,603,,10,4>What do I love even more then a huge juicy cut of steak. A huge juicy FREE steak.I was one of the super super lucky folk to be invited to the preview night at Jaspers. What does this mean, you ask. Everything. Free. I didn't believe it when I was told so I asked again. Free they said. This when on a couple of times until I finally got the picture.I show up with my mom and sister in tow for the most expensive meal my family may ever eat. On the house.Jaspers is an old fashioned "backyard grill steakhouse" except if the steakhouse was super posh and the food served faster then anyones uncle on a grill could cook it up. We began with appetizers, crab cakes, calamari and Bruschetta. Both the crab cakes and calamari were excellent, the calamari very tender, which I love and in a tereyaki sauce, but the bruschetta was to die for. Covered in goat cheese on other fabulous sorts of things, it made me slip on south beach, and thats saying a lot.We all had salads too. Mine was a baby green salad with shallot vinaigrette dressing, nuts and blue cheese. Yum.But the time I got to the main course I was almost stuffed but hey, I had to make some sort of dent right.Prime Rib. OH MY GOD. Now, Ive only had amazing steak once or twice in my life ( many other times it has been more the  sirloin variety) and this was th best steak Ive ever tasted. Juicy and cut well, presented beautifully and they had these portabello mushroom "whippers." Good god in heaven.Our waiters name was Robert and he was fabulous. And we had enough left over to eat lunch the next day.A really amazing dining experience. Quick service, delicious food, friendly people.Now Ill just save up enough to go back, as things are a little pricey. Tip. My sister, the picky vegetarian, had a pizza that she said was the best pizza she had ever eaten and was 9 bucks. Cheapskates...this might be your dish.This is one of the first restaurants to open in the domain, and , trust me, should be on every yelper's to do list in the near future.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,11/8/2007,60,72,4,9,10>Lately, I have had some not so good luck and while discussing my situation with a dear sweet friend, she suggested I conduct a smudging. At first, I laughed... then I thought more about it and why not?! So then began my quest for a smudge stick... Bingo! The Herb Bar! A perfect place for organic and holistic healing items. So on to my two cents about the Herb Bar...  about time, right?This little cottage is located down south and covered from foundation to roof with ivy, it disappears into the surrounding foliage. Something straight out of a fairy tale, if you ask me. As I walked in the door, I was greeted by the shop attendant who spoke softly and asked how I was doing and what she could help me find. I asked if they carried smudge sicks and of course they did! After talking to me about what they had to offer, I made a choice and decided to check the rest out the place out. They had so much... dried herbs, crystals, candles, and so much more. If you have specifics you are looking for, check out their website and I am sure you will find what you are looking for here.After I made my selections and was rung up at the register, the shop attendant then asked me if I would like to hear my angel numbers... not wanting to look like an idiot, I said sure. What she did was take the total of my purchase $36.69 and read passages out of an angel book with the corresponding numbers 36 and 69... it was sweet and personal and hit the nail on the head of what I was wanting to hear... angels looking over me and protecting me kind of stuff. It was personal and thought provoking! Places like these are what makes Austin such a great place. Yes, I know not everyone is into the whole holistic approach and I even sometimes roll my eyes at the idea but living in this town has taught me to be open minded and try anything once.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2007,11/7/2007,128,427,6,4,5>I can't really think about The Jackalope without laughing. I'm not sure why. It's just so....strange. The circular layout of the front room is something akin to a horse race track. Bar in the middle, swank and spacious booths to the outer rim, and all eyes on the patrons taking laps (tracking down a bartender, waiting for their burger, looking for their posse, etc.). If the animals running the circuit aren't enough entertainment for you, there are TVs that alternate playing film noir and freakishly bad horror films. If you're still disenchanted, simply turn your head. There are breasts everywhere. Horror films, giant booths, fried food, nudity. Definitely worth a visit.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2007,11/6/2007,522,1205,7,6,6>After a long afternoon of exploring a new trail and letting the pup run free at Norwood I was not ready to go home.  So, I decided to do some window shopping on S Congress and what a great decision that was. My nose led me to Homeslice and I was SOOOOO happy to see that they had a sidewalk counter I could order from; since, I had the Pup with me.I was so disappointed that I could not customize my slice; because, I really wanted to add artichoke hearts or fried eggplant to my mushroom and cheese slice.  However, I was not disappointed in my pizza:the crust was perfect the sauce was perfectthe mushrooms where fresh and sliced thickthe cheese oh the cheese cheese perfectionI walked down the street a bit sat on some steps and savored every single bite of my slice.  Remembering that Rick G. is afraid I will blow away with the next strong gust of wind I decided to indulge in another slice.Rewind RepeatMy poor sweet Pup had to watch and smell while I savored the best pizza I recall ever tasting.I am already looking forward to my next visit and I plan on dining in so I can get the Fried Eggplant Parmesan Pie and a glass of wine - on my death bed this will be my last request.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,11/5/2007,310,185,4,12,9>I'm half-Italian.  My Dad and his late brother ran a family-owned chain of 9 submarine sandwich shops in Albany NY during the 70's and 80's, specializing in Italian delicacies.  I worked there through high school, and even for a bit after college.  Between home cooking (Mom's, Dad's and Grandma's) and working in the shops, I developed an appreciation for great Italian food, especially subs, hoagies, grinders, wedges--whatever  regional name  you might prefer.  Except for Delaware Subs, no one here comes close to the kind of NY sandwich we made with pride.Until I found Hog Island, that is.  This place does it right, with fresh ingredients on FRESH bread arranged in pleasing traditional and non traditional combinations and served up fast at reasonable prices.  The Philly cheese steak is an authentic, lovingly-prepared star sandwich, but the menu is old school Italian deli all the way, with many more featured attractions.Dad made home-made sausage and meatballs back at the shops in NY, so I'm pretty particular about them if I'm eating out.  Hog Island's sausage, meatball (and for that matter Chicken Parmesan) hoagies actually made me think of home.Their "Old Italian" would make Tony Soprano forgo  his daily trip to Satriale's.  The cappicola, Genoa salami, guilt-inducing mortadella and sopresatta combined with roasted peppers on a crusty roll, soft on the inside, could make a believer out of the most hardened ex-New Yorker, yearning for the subs of old Bensonhurst.The place is small and simple and spotlessly clean,  with a dozen or so tables and oddly aluminum semi-comfortable chairs without much character really.  But the food and service shine.  I must add that my opinion of the place was favorably skewed by my first visit years ago.  They used to close at 6pm, and I showed up about 5 minutes before closing, oblivious.  I told the guy at the counter that I had heard about the place, that it was my first visit and shared the family sub shop history as I ordered a 12"  Italian.  Unfortunately, the guy came back and said they were actually out of bread (and gently mentioned it was kinda because they were just about to close).  BUT, he won my heart when he said, "if you don't mind waiting a few minutes, I'll bake off a new roll for you."  Mind?  I was sold.That sandwich, cheerfully made at closing time on bread they baked FOR ME without griping at the idiot who came in 5 minutes before closing was wonderful--as a sandwich, and as an example of good old-fashioned customer service from a store that cared about making the best first impression they could possibly make.They may hail from Philly, but they make this New Yorker happy every visit.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2007,11/4/2007,12,20,8,3,4>i noticed the congratulatory note across the top of the menu. a nice personalized treat for my friend. the decor was nice. this restaurant is inside a house that has no outward evidence that it is a place of business. there is a low contrast sign that is, at first glance, hard to see. we had a preset 4 course menu from which to choose... appetizer, soup/salad, entree, and dessert. there were two bottles of wine circulating and our server was barely noticeable, which is a good thing. since we had a set menu there was no stumbling through a special that i was going to forget seconds after i'd heard it.the food. i had the hanger steak. as i started chewing, i thought... this tastes good. i looked down at the plate and saw three nuggets of fried okra. mmm. can't wait to eat those. still chewing. is that? wait... sliced apple? sliced something. looks interesting. can't wait to taste that.stiiiiill chewing.i remember something in science class about human teeth being better suited for a vegetarian diet. for a moment i wished i had selected the chicken... or maybe the braised wahoo. anyway, as i tried desperately to rid my mouth of the beef that would not die, i began to really enjoy the moment. i was surrounded by friends celebrating our mutual friend's educational exploits. who cares if i'll never ever finish my meal.the rest.quail appetizer... awesome.the green salad... awesome.the dessert, chocolate tart... awesome.the wine (in an always filled glass)... awesome.there were fifteen of us. i saw the bill. we splurged. for the same price we could have had an 1868 red queen canadian stamp. or a kawasaki ninja ZX-7R.if i ever say 'braised wahoo' again, somebody shoot me.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2007,11/3/2007,13,14,10,8,13>The first rule of lasertag club is that YOU DO NOT TALK ABOUT LASERTAG CLUB.  Nonetheless, despite the fact that what I am about to say may have serious Durdenesque consequences, I tell you this for your own good.Two days ago I shot an eleven year old and a middle aged white man in the chest.  After endless days of watching my life get closer to ending, one minute at a time, crushing those two with my semi-automatic front mounted lasertag rifle was the best thing I could have done for several reasons:- The eleven year old had done nothing in particular to deserve the thrashing he received.  Nothing other than wear a Pokemon shirt FROM LAST SEASON and sport hair shaggier than Shaggy Rogers (not that the punk even knows who Shaggy is).  I felt like destroying something beautiful. Afterwards the kid and his friends executed an impressive Pincer movement in response to one of our surgical strike incursions. Much respect, kids, much respect.- The middle aged white man was technically my boss. To protect the identity of the douchebag, we'll call him "Lumbergh." Lumbergh hasn't used a sentence not involving "TPS Report" for 4 months. Thus, nothing could have been more therapeutic than for my coworkers - we'll call them "Bolton" and "Samir" - and I to employ a perfect Cantabrian circle, destroying Lumbergh, his "O Face" sidekick "Drew," and half of the Accounting Department with wave after wave of laser rounds. Those number crunchers are wicked smaht, but they can't defend moving tactical envelopes for crap.- I spent what seemed like half my salary on an orange mocha frappachino this morning, which made the $10 I spent for all you can lasertag & bowl nothing short of the world's best Monday night entertainment deal. The drinks at the bar were reasonable and there was no wait for a pair of bowling lanes after we exhausted our lasertag energies.Main Event doesn't provide swanky martinis. It's just a place where, for $10 on Mondays, you can prevent yourself from going Postal at work by throwing heavy balls at pins and unleashing your inner-Cheney on your coworkers.And on Tuesday, your breakfast will taste better than any meal you and I have ever tasted.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2007,11/2/2007,25,104,3,8,5>The history of the Night Hawk chain in Austin is interesting and worth reading (the Chronicle has several archived articles). At one point in time, Night Hawk diners were seeded throughout the city. The business model was meant to retain employees and train them to run their own restaurants. One notable alumni, Hoover Alexander, demonstrates how successful this model was.This is the last of the Night Hawk spots. Signature items are the Frisco burger, the "Top Chop't" steak, and the pies. The food is a little greasy, and the vegetables aren't superb, but this is as authentic a diner experience as you will come by in Austin. Service is efficient and polite for newcomers, and you'll often seeing the tenured waitresses chatting it up with the regulars. It's relaxed. The Frisco burger, for which the place is named, is nothing amazing---a competent piece of meat between buttered buns, a russian-style dressing. Like a really good Big Mac, for what that's worth. If I were rating just the food, I'd give it 2---3 stars, depending on what I ordered. But the legacy and atmosphere of the place make it 4-star.Part of the Night Hawk empire also included the frozen food found in your neighborhood H-E-B.  Though it's now owned by a different company, it's the same basic recipe. And I've yet to find another food product that screams "Unrepentant Caveman Bachelor" like the Top Chop't and Tots frozen dinner.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2007,11/1/2007,178,534,5,3,3>If you know where is Mikado and Black eyed pea,  you will find Thai Passion North easily. I've been to Thai Passion before, but first time to Thai Passion North. There are not many Thai restaurants located in north.It's a very quiet restaurant with soothing music on. I asked our waitress to recommend, and she said every dish is good. Such a useless recommendation.I was debating between flat noodles with basil and curry with potato and peanuts. My boyfriend ordered red snappers. I didn't like his very much because I don't eat fried dish.My curry dish is really good, full of flavors. I finished two bowls of rice with it. But when the bill comes, I noticed they charged $1 for the extra bowl of rice. I wasn't happy about that. That bowl is smaller than a cat bowl. I've never been charged for rice in Chinese restaurant. Although there is a little bit rice left in the bowl, I still asked the waitress to bring a to go box for my precious rice. That's my way to protest.Thai tea is good, but you can get it from Asian supermarket too for one third of price.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,10/31/2007,212,150,20,8,13>Imagine trying to get to second base with Leather Tuscadero in the front seat of a rusty 1973 Chevy two-tone Silverado Pick Up with the Ramones playing on the AM station as you're parked by the dam out at the lake, the past and the present are making out together in the back, it's two AM, and you've had about three beers too many.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,10/29/2007,3,1,3,7,6>My favorite coffee shop in Austin.  I just graduated from UT and now work at an internet startup without an office so I have been using coffee shops heavily over the past two years.  I am not a coffee taste snob and don't particularly care where the coffee came from so that isn't influencing my rating.   I just like the atmosphere.  It's a great place to study and get work done.  Free wireless.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,10/28/2007,225,591,9,3,3>I don't care how many hipsters were shuffling around & looking up through their sharp-cut, emo-angled heads of carefully-messy hair on the back patio. The fact of the matter remains that when you are On Vacation, scene doesn't matter.Spider House is great. But if I lived locally, I can imagine that I'd get tired of it quickly...
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,10/27/2007,23,84,5,3,4>When I found out I had become yelp elite, I squealed a lot, then I got my invitation to this event, which made me half squeal/half piss myself. I had heard about Moonshine from some of my friends but never actually knew where it was, or what type of food they offered, just some sort of corn dog business. All i knew was that the people I had spoken to about Moonshine loved it. After the yelp event, I love moonshine. Maybe it was the free booze, maybe it was the free food, maybe it was the free shirts and chap-stick, all i know is: I love yelp, and I love moonshine.All of the Paula's Texas Orange/Lemon drinks were excellent. With each sip I found the weather to be a little more pleasant, and football to be a little more interesting. Then came the Moonshine "Jug." Which is exactly as it sounds, a little jug full of "White Lightning." I ordered it from one of the many friendly members of the waitstaff, and thats pretty much all I remember. All-in-all, it was a wonderful experience. Yelp makes me sound like an alcoholic.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,10/26/2007,2077,1403,17,2,8>I guess this is one of those instances where the phrase "your mileage may vary" comes into play.  Seems like I've been spending lots of time lately in various Thundercloud locations, and I'm happy to say that while this location isn't my absolute fave, I've eaten here enough to pass on what for me has been a predominantly happy vibe.  Agreed that there are pseudo-emo staff at these places, but seems like I usually end up with nice ones;  the dude that made my sandwich today was extra friendly, almost perky, even, which you might think would conflict with the Emo Credo.  The guy actually made my day a little bit better.  Case in point, the barrell-chested cowboy next to me was loudly talking on his Yugo-sized cellphone without a care in the world:  holding up his sandwich maker, the people in line behind him and so on.  And when my phone rang, it didn't occur to me at the time that what the cowboy was doing was an imposition...I was focused on my sandwich.  So I asked the caller to call me back.  It went a little like this:- Scene Opens -(Crowded restaurant.  Long queue of potential diners patiently wait.  Team of four or so sandwich makers bustle about.  A giant cowboy yammers away on his cell phone from the year 1992.  The place is bustling, slightly uncomfortable.  Cowboy is jamming up the juju.)THUNDERCLOUD GUY: Hey there, man!  What can I get you?KEVIN:  I'll have a large turkey sandwich.THUNDERCLOUD GUY: Awesome.  (making sandwich)KEVIN'S Phone rings.KEVIN: (answering quickly) Hey, I'm in line at Thundercloud, can I call you back?THUNDERCLOUD GUY: Dude, you are AWESOME.  (Glares at cowboy)  Not everyone is like that.KEVIN:  That's how "accidents" happen.THUNDERCLOUD GUY:  That's how "incidents" happen.- End Scene -For the record, my sandwich was groovy.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,10/25/2007,24,19,7,10,11>East Side Pies is HOT, hotter than your mom, hotter than Mos Def, even. It is seriously all Bikram yoga in there--so you know that the hard-working people crafting your lovely pizza are really dedicated to the task at hand.  It's gotta be hard, especially in the summer.  But god, how us fellow East-Siders appreciate it.My best friend got all jealous and "Why do they deliver to you and not me?!"  I replied, "Oooh, hush child. It's because nobody else will!"  And it's true.  We're just lucky that one of the few places that does deliver offers some of the best pizza in Austin.The crust is crisp and cracker-y, which takes "thin" to a whole new meaning.  If you haven't tried pizza with this type of crust, you should try it at least once because it's pretty hard to find-- the only other times I've had pizza like this was in this fancy place in NYC and this gourmet kitchen in Rockport (TX).  But neither place, as fancy as they were, had the variety of toppings offered here.My friends make fun of me because I have an (almost dangerously) adventurous palate.  They rightly accuse me of going to a place and beelining to the weirdest sounding food available.  What can I say? I like to take risks.  It works out about 75% of the time.  At East Side Pies, they offer some of the usual suspects (mushrooms, pepperoni and the like) as well as things like a curry sauce, hummus, roasted onions, jerk chicken, basil and sauerkraut.  I'm all about it, especially their fennel seed-flecked sausage.  This, coming from a former vegetarian (7 years).While you can build your own pie, I recommend going along with one of their specialty pies; they really know what they're doing when they combine flavors.  At last count, they offered 24 different ones, so you can definitely find something you like.  And while you can buy pizza by the slice there, it's not the same as getting a whole fresh one, it just isn't.  Trust me.  If you're having trouble finishing it, just give me a ding-a-ling and we'll be great friends.  Shhhh. We'll learn.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2007,10/24/2007,101,36,3,5,10>Back in the cretaceous era, when I was living in Austin and trying to learn me some edumacation, KUT was my lifeline to sanity. Not for the NPR stuff, really--I got plenty of that back home in SF. I could manage.No, it was the music, the local shows, that grabbed me and shook me by my lapels and said"LISTEN TO THIS, YOU NAIVE HICKSTER!"And brought me smiles and rest and foot tapping and discovery for all my time in Texas.One regret at the time was that, as a po' broke grad student trying to get by on promissory sandwiches and the hope of a poorly paying future job, I wasn't in a position to be a member, and pay for some of all that good listening I was doing.Happily, I returned to the Left Coast, found myself using professional skills having nothing to do with my academic prowess, and now I can send a wee little check off each year to KUT with great good pleasure. And since the internet has made my life complete of late, I can now stream Twine Time, and Blue Monday, and Paul Ray, and Eclectikos, and all that, with a flip of a finger to my iTunes.If there is a radio station in the US worth shouting about, I'd say that station is KUT. Keep on doing what you do (dah-doo-doo-doo)!Online and on the air, 4.5 stellar stars.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,10/23/2007,188,425,4,4,4>i wasn't expecting much as i walked into the new talent salon.  all i wanted was a 6-inch trim and nothing else.  lucky for me i got a very nice girl who began talking me into layers.  layers?  no way would i ever get layers again.  last time i attempted layers was when the rachel look was in.  but guess what?  i went ahead and took her advice.i left with a $30 hair cut and lovely layers i swore i would not get.  and i'm actually happy!  good job bradz!
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,10/22/2007,9,8,4,4,3>Room 710, my home away from home.  I used to love going to Emos when I was a young lass, but now I'm prone to sitting down for long periods of time whle I drink booze instead of running around looking at boys.  I now let the boys come up to me and buy me( the reason I'm writing this) Three Olives Grape Vodka with a 7up chaser. Nothing goes better with my heavily saturated rock and roll schedule like a shot of that stuff, and Craig the bar manager was gracious enough to order it for me.  True to my word, the bottle was almost gone within three days, and I'm assuming that it was a good investment since I pretty much force it on anyone and everyone that I talk to regardless of whether they drink vodka or not!  Holy run on sentences!  Anyway, besides them having the awesome booze selection, this is where I go see most of the shows I check out.  In particular I've lately developed this fascination with 'doom' metal, which is hands down the most depressing, low end, sludgy stuff that I've ever heard besides EYEHATEGOD.  I don't know why but I get super happy and excited when I know some of these bands are playing(Mala Suerte, The Roller, Bowel) and 710 usually is where they play...  There's also a badass rock and roll thing going on there that they share with Headhunters, so you're going to see a lot of  that.  Metal and rock and roll in the same club? Then you throw in the punk rock,  the super cheap cover for the amount of music you get to see,the free pool ,and the awesome DJ's that comprise the Heart and Soul Sound System on Monday? Forget about it!   Everyone that works there is rad, and you're never going to find another cool bar where you have the choice to be totally involved in the music, or to sit on the other side and have a conversation without screaming over it.The only downside?  Getting to it you have to run the crackhead gauntlet coming from either direction, but I guess that's why God invented pepper spray!  All hail, 710
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,10/21/2007,40,69,2,9,2>Hearts of Palm, Jicama, Edamame, OH MY!!!!!!If you love salad, then this is THE place to check out.  It is pricey, but I definitely think it's worth it.  I walked in and met my friend at the corner of San Antonio and 2nd street.  It's a small place, almost the size of a Chipotle restaurant.  It actually has the same concept except with SALAD. So, like everyone said, there are 12 main salads (thoughtfully named the Big 12).  I'm wondering if these guys are Big 12 fanatics.  Michelle C wrote about the prices.  I'm glad she did since the prices are not on their website.  I decided to "create your own salad".  I was excited that all of the items are fresh and there were SO MANY CHOICES.  The Works Mix is all the Lettuce bases mixed together.  They have abundant items ranging from veggies, cheeses, nuts, and seeds.  You can see most of them when you order, but I asked for Hearts of Palm and it was under the counter.  So, I suggest grabbing the paper menu when you walk in to review all of the ingredients.  I added shrimp and they were not scrawny.  They gave me 5 pieces.  The Organic Garlic Vin and the Red Wine Vin are great.   The meal costed around $10 with a water.  BUT I WAS SURPRISED!!  It's a lot of salad, and the salad was great.  There was enough dressing on my salad.  You also get a piece of artisan bread with your salad.  I had to get a togo box, and it will probably last me 2 more meals.  You can actually split a salad between two people.  They also have brownies, soups, fresh fruit and blue bell treats. My only issue is finding a place to sit.  There is high turnover with tables.  They frown if you save a table, so be nice and wait your turn. It reminded me of old school Texadelphia on Guadalupe.  I only waited a few minutes for a place to sit when I went during rush hour lunch time.  There are 2 small tables outside also.Definitely thumbs up for a great restaurant for the health nuts in Austin.   I praise them for being so eco-friendly!!! GOOD TIP: Parking sucks in downtown Austin. I parked at the City Hall Parking garage.  If you park there and get your ticket validated at leaf, then parking is free up to 2 hours.  The only catch is that it has to be before 5pm and on the weekdays.  The walk is only one block west from the garage.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2007,10/20/2007,143,315,2,5,6>New Which Wich location at the Triangle.After my first time at Which Wich, I didn't feel quite excited enough to add them to my list of regular sandwich haunts. Today I'll amend that list. I tend to like a sandwich shop menu that has a number of "pre-designed" sandwiches, but the Which Wich concept of designing your own can work out pretty well.  It's good for people who know what they want - not so good for the indecisive. Be warned - don't go crazy with the cheez whiz and put EVERYTHING on your sandwich (because they do in-fact have Cheez Whiz if yer into that sort of thing). Think about what flavors go together... although this can take some trial and error.I went a little crazy on my recent visit to this new location at the Triangle - Pastrami on wheat, extra meat, provalone, sauerkraut, lettuce, tomato, hot peppers (called Giardenera on the menu) and oil and vinegar. Turns out I wasn't so crazy as was a darn tasty sandwich.So - Which Wich = cheap eats. Basic sandwich is $4.75 - add .75 for extra meat or cheese - which I recommend if you're a good eater like me.  Compares pretty well with Potbelly. My internal iron chef jury of tastyness is still out on which wich joint rules supreme.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,10/19/2007,29,31,4,2,3>I'll keep it short and simple: I want to max out my credit card here. It's very clear the owners have a great design sense - just the right balance of clean and modern, but whimsical too. My boyfriend and I can't get enough of the Argentinian wood+leather chair we bought - it's an inexpensive, out of the ordinary, and beautifully designed piece -  the kind of chair that stops you in your tracks (in a good way) every time you enter the room. It's these kinds of rare finds you'll find here.In sum: Fantastic service, great design, and an overall fun place to stroll into and shop. I think this store has what it takes to become an Austin institution. And an evening wine bar coming soon? Yes, please.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2007,10/18/2007,65,85,,5,7>Our first visit to M&S's was bittersweet. My husband's brother used to work at the one in Baltimore, a far nicer location that our Austin one, and this week would have been his 33rd birthday. I suggested we go have a drink in his honor since we'd never been to the downtown location. We sat in the bar and laughed at how Greg would have hated the armadillos disguising themselves as light fixtures. He loved his Texas but saw no need to flaunt the stereotypes. I would have to agree. Service was fast and friendly. Our waitress was honest about some of the drink and dining options sharing what her favorites were and what she found "bland". It was nice to not hear "Oh everything is wonderful" when you know damn well that's probably not what they are thinking. So we settled on the six sampler oyster plate on the half shell. They were good if not on the small side. $12.95 or something..not sure if that is expensive or not..I know Quality Seafood has them for less but not as tasty. They have a really nice Italian Pinot Grigio by the glass for about $6. My husband had a pink drink out of the drink book which no one orders from really according to our waitress. It was very good. Rimmed in sugar. Yum. Better after you meal though since it is on the sweet side.We shared a wedge salad w/ blue cheese dressing. Simple and good, nothing special. I had the Parmesan Sole (pan fried) with the lemon butter sauce on the side, served with white rice and asparagus. It was excellent and light. My husband had the Rockfish that came with some other seafood and chorizo mash. It was delicious and spicy.For dessert, we went with the Upside down apple pie which comes with Amy's mexican vanilla ice cream and I requested some strawberries on the side. It was so rich but good. They have a huge selection of desserts so if you have a sweet tooth, you'll be in heaven.All in all..we had a great dinner, good service and toasted a brother and friend who we miss dearly.Here's to you, Greg.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2007,10/17/2007,278,170,7,17,14>This Kasbah doesn't need any more rocking; it's top notch.  So let the list begin...CONVENIENCE/ I'm a shishameister and until someone develops a cup-holder sized portable shisha - Kasbah is conveniently close to wherever I may have wandered.  Add to that, I don't risk any carpet burns from fallen coals or shisha collision disasters.  QUALITY OF TOBACCO/ They use excellent tobacco - what we call "ema'asel" (which roughly translates to "honeyed-up" because of the wet and sticky consistency of the tobacco).  It's fun to try out the different flavors and come up with your own combos.  Some good ones: peach, grape, mango, two apples, mint, jasmine, strawberry.AUTHENTIC DECOR/ As if the above weren't enough, Kasbah's decor is authentic Moroccan,  apart from a couple of "Made in India" things.  (If you saw the throw with the elephants, rest assured, WE DON"T HAVE elephants in North Africa, promise).  MUSIC/ Ahhh, they play Rai. Who else plays Rai in Austin? Rai is a lesser known genre of music that originated in my hometown in Western Algeria, North Africa. I never leave Kasbah without getting my fill of euphoric nostalgia.  They play tracks that take me through my memory mazes. They also mix in a lot of international tracks too and they play the occasional Bob Marley which always falls on happy ears. FELLOW PATRONS/  I met some AWESOME bikers sitting at the table next to us this past Wednesday.  Don't get me wrong, our table was like the Model United Nations on crack - at any given moment there was loud laughing, shisha hogging, and five simultaneous conversations in five languages: We had Arabic, Albanian, French, Algerian and Blonde (I love you Jamie).   But it was the BIKERS next to me who made my day.  I initiated conversation with them after oggling their bikes (Hondas, Kawasakis and Ducatis turn me into a category 5 ADD bimbo in three seconds flat).  We talked about their bikes and then they took out bubble blowers and started blowing smoke-filled bubbles everywhere.  Several girls got up to chase them and pop them so the shisha smoke would go out in a puff.  If we had Aladdin costumes on, it would have looked like a scene from Arabian Nights.  Then one of the bikers takes a huge suck of shisha, closes his helmet and blows out.  Either it was surreal or I'm just too easily amused.  Anyways the bikers rocked, Kasbah ROCKS, my friends rocked, the shisha rocked, the service rocked - in fact this place ROCKED so hard I may just miss ACL this year.  After all - half the bands I wanted to see backed out.  So as long as Kasbah stays faithful, let it rock on. *Just to reiterate, it's CASH ONLY so stop by your banks ATM beforehand to save that "but-that's-my-cheese" fee.  **It's also BYOB so grab whatever drinks you want.  Hell, bring the whole cooler if you can... If not, the Moroccan Mint tea is damn near identical to the "The a la Menthe" back home.***Last one,  tip the servers WELL - these guys ROCK, are very attentive but very laid back at the same time!****Okay, i lied - this one is the last one: I couldn't help but notice that the original "Rock the Casbah" song by the Clash was redone by Rachid Taha.  Well the owner of this Kasbah is named Rachid.  Okay, silly coinky dink, I know, but I thought I'd throw it out there.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,10/16/2007,53,207,2,10,6>I *heart* Kismet.  When I left Houston, one of the (very few) things I knew I was going to miss was all the good Mediterranean/Greek food.  I was very sad that I may not find a suitable Med/Greek place in Austin...until I found Kismet!First, the negatives:  this place can be slooooooooow.  Avoid peak lunch hours!  And for weekday lunch, if you're not in the campus area already, have fun trying to find a place to park.  I would not go as far as to call the place filthy, but I have heard others call it "dirty".  Eh, maybe.  But it is not enough to keep me away!Now, the positives:  the food is incredible!!!  Usually (at other places) I do not order a gyro plate because it's just too much meat for me.  Here, the meat is sooooooo good I eat it all anyway!  (And my gyro-lovin' companion claims it is the best gyro he's ever had!)  I LOVE their vegetarian plate which has this incredible stewed eggplant/zucchini with a fried (?) piece of cauliflower on top, a side of awesome hummus, tabbouleh, pita bread and a dolmas.  Their falafel is also very good.   Kismet is a little hard to find -- it is right off the Drag -- not on the Drag but on 24th Street.  It is well worth the trip.In summary, once I discovered this place, I was quite embarrassed that I had been going to Pita Pit around the corner for my hummus/pita fix.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2007,10/15/2007,40,86,8,9,8>I'm not a fan of Modest Mouse. I am also not a fan of Sheryl Crow, but once I was at an Einstein's in Madison, WI, that made Sheryl Crow sound good. The same thing happened with Modest Mouse this morning at Thunderbird. The place has great acoustics. Which answers the question, "Why did Modest Mouse sound good today?" but not "Why is every coffeehouse in Austin playing Modest Mouse?"Other things not heretofore noted about Thunderbird:+ Glasses of wine are $3.50, bottles $20. + During a weekend evening, the great colors inside (deep purple! bright blue!), plus candlelight, plus cheap wine, can change a regular night out with a friend into something special. Great ambiance.+ They don't just have 'paninis'. They have NUTELLA AND HONEY paninis. NUTELLA. Did you get that? They also have a fantastic turkey and brie panini. They use organic greens, too.+ I used to worry that when I hit 40, there would be no coffeehouse in which I felt comfortable. I mean, let's say you're in Austin and you're in your 40s and you want to go to a great coffeehouse -- not Trianon, but a somewhat-interesting coffeehouse. What are you going to do, go to Spiderhouse? I don't think so. Well, you can go to Thunderbird. The clientele -- besides hipsters, besides 20-something Austinites -- consists of a high ratio of folks in their 40s, and not many UT undergrads or teens, except those working. It's a distinctive quality that I am always aware of. -Folks are mentioning good service. Really? Not my experience. I deal with it, but either it's cranky and/or uninterested or flaky teenagers more into...the Modest Mouse playing. I deal with it. UPDATE: I went in on a weekday morning and the service was EXCELLENT. They even let me stand behind the counter and watch the cubano get made. So it *is* possible to get fanTAStic service here.-Bring a sweater. It's, of course, enthusiastically over air-conditioned inside.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,10/14/2007,184,302,6,4,5>Rudy's,How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and height of my mastication desires.I love thy brisket, lean and tender.I love thy red potatoes, dripping with butter.I love thy 'sause', even in the face of a cutesy fake spelling.(With apologies to Elizabeth Barrett Browning, who I feel confident would have gorged herself on Rudy's brisket if she had been given the chance.)
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,10/13/2007,324,543,5,8,8>This store is for the woman-plus.Woman-plus-Latin American.Woman-plus-activist.Woman-plus-lesbian.Woman-plus-wife.And so on. I'm not especially plus-anything these days, and while a few novels and general feminist nonfiction appealed to me, I felt that many of the books fit a niche that wasn't mine. That's cool. I love reading about others' experiences. Many of these communities are vastly underserved (especially when it comes to the publishing world!). They deserve to have a place where they can find books they wouldn't necessarily find elsewhere. Bookwoman is great for providing a service to these people. But the fact remains that there wasn't anything here I felt like buying, given the prices and the limited fiction selection (which makes sense given the size of the place), so I can't quite go for 5 stars. My (male, if that matters) date did end up buying a peace patch for his jacket. I'll be back next time I have nothing specific in mind and just want to browse.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,10/12/2007,88,161,5,5,7>Today is a remarkable day. "Why so special Courtney?" you ask. It's because, dear Yelp! friend, Austin finally has it's very own Cosi! That's right, East Cost sandwich shop chain Cosi has finally brought it's delectable delights to Texas. Austin must have done something right because we're one of only two (and honestly the only respectable one...) Southern states to be graced with a Cosi location. The other state is Oklahoma. Yeah... I don't know why there's one there either. It's probably beside a trailer park. Cosi has breakfasts. It has a coffee bar. It has bodacious sandwiches on baked-fresh, bitchin' flatbread. It has wireless internet. It is the quintessential place for "Simply Good Taste."They aren't a Panera Bread. They aren't a Which Wich. They are deserving of their own category. Here's a small sampling of all things Cosi that I love:==Sandwiches -- T.B.M. (Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella w/ vinaigrette), Tuscan Pesto Chicken (both cold and melted), ==Salad Bruschetta (Grilled chicken, cannellini beans, basil, tomatoes, red onions, cracked pepper, Romano cheese & mixed greens with balsamic vinaigrette)==Pollo y Pasta Soup (it's got couscous!)==On any given day, I'd unabashedly make sweet love to any of the selections from their Dessert Menu. Particularly their "S'MOOOO Oreos" (Oreo S'mores)
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,10/11/2007,0,0,15,4,7>Dear Girlfriend:I liked you from the moment I met you. I mean.....how could I not? You are beautiful, sexy, sassy, and one of the few vagina-bearers that can drink me under the table......But I have to say....the moment I decided that I wanted you to be my girl was the night you took me to this little stainless steel cart on 6th street. You know, I guess that the easiest way to a man's heart is through his stomach........and I suppose you remembered my tirade about how awesome hot dogs are and how Wurstfest is my favorite time of year.So as I sat  on the curb, drunk as my second prom date, and you brought me this fantastic feast of sausage, mustard and bread......I decided you had to be mine.less than 3, J.ps. Sorry I puked in your car on the way home.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,10/9/2007,136,153,8,8,7>One look at the withered, smiling ancient behind the counter and you know you're in for a wild ride.I've only ever eaten burgers here, but judging from the deliciousness of them, I'd probably eat everything on the menu and will at some point, unless I die of a heart attack beforehand.The burgers are flame-broiled deliciousness...and paring them with the natural combo of onion rings and fries, you'll transport yourself to Flavor Country. They also have on the menu what I consider to be one of the finest beverages of all time...named simply, "Orange Drink."If you enjoy a good burger and an Austin exclusive, stop by Top Notch. But remember to bring cash, as the joint is CASH ONLY...they do have an ATM, but I'd recommend not using it.Enjoy!
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,10/8/2007,152,219,10,8,7>Best dog park in Austin! Tons of water inlets, playspots, and right now, MUD! Learned about this place through the grapevine after I'd been here for four years. Puts that dirtpile at Riverside and 35 to shame, I tell you. It IS dog heaven, as evidenced by the limestone staircase across the water from the SW corner of the park that goes ALL the way up to Westlake, I mean, heaven. Just a few words of caution: the east side, like others have said, has a *very* strong current. I know a guy who lost his dog on this side; I only let mine in on the west side.when it rains, the bacteria levels in the lake skyrocket. trust my duvet covers. If I bust you not picking up your dog's poop, I will beat the pants off you.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,10/7/2007,18,31,1,7,6>These folks rock! Read more about their history on their website, but the trainers and staff at this small, central Austin fitness center are fantastic: highly trained, client-focused, flexible, and super cool to boot. This is a great place for serious weight training, boxing, Pilate's, moderate circuit, weight, and cardio training, and for those just getting started. Truly, you will get a personal and attentive experience, whether just working out or signing up for some focused training. My fiancee spent the last 4 months working out with trainer Gray in preparation for a high-altitude backpacking trip. He was so crazy about the gym and about Gray, that I joined them for about two months. I was seeing and feeling results within 2 weeks, but being my flighty self, wasn't sure if I was really a "gym" person. Well, after a nasty run-in with Gold's Gym (what was I thinking!?), I will definitely be back for some training and classes at SOCO Athletic Club. PS. Owners Tracy and Mark Frazier (also a very experienced trainer and massage therapist) are almost reason enough to get your butt to this gym. They are two of the nicest and most fun people you'll ever meet.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2007,10/6/2007,217,116,3,8,5>When I became with-child I did a lot of research about . . .well, EVERYTHING. I was reading up on the best way to breastfeed, the best way to teach my child, the best school etc. One of the things I spent countless hours researching was a good carrier for my little one. Everyone gets a bjorn and I was ready to get that. . .until I read a couple of reviews talking about how the bjorn is great in the beginning when the baby weighs 10lbs and under, but after that it causes a lot of back pain.So I started looking into slings. Man, seriously I was obsessed with finding the perfect one.Finally I went for the slings from Zolowear. In the beginning it was tough to use. My little one liked to move a lot and didnt really like to be covered. So I rarely used it, causing a couple arguments with the husband because "why had you spent so much money on something your never gonna use?"But when she was at that age when I could start putting her on my hip, thats when the magic started.I always had trouble putting her to sleep as well as getting work around the house since she wanted to be carried all the time. I put her on my hip and started some light dusting . . .10 minutes later she was sound asleep.After that I use the sling all the time. She is now 25lbs and 14 months old and I use it to put her to sleep when shes teething and having a hard time putting herself to sleep. I use it when we go out and doesnt want to be in the stroller, which is almost always. The sling doesnt get in the way the way the stroller does. Its comfy and I can use it for awhile before I start getting tired.Ive said "What would I do without the sling" countless amounts of time.My husband now admits I made a smart decision in purchasing the sling.Its always a nice thing when your husband admits he was wrong and you were right : )
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,10/5/2007,55,196,5,6,5>For the past two weeks, my better half and I have been doing the ABS Diet.  So far, so good.  You eat six meals a day.  Each meal must contain at least two "Powerfoods" ... things like spinach, whole grains, lean meats, and nuts.  Guess what's in the Sharon's Wrap?!?  ALL OF THE ABOVE!!!Add some lowfat lemon vinagrette and YOU GOTS YOURSELF A MEAL, MISTER!!!
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,10/4/2007,462,751,8,3,4>I had my first Torchy's experience outside Little Woodrow's on Saturday!After sharing three or four bucket's-o-beer with a friend nursing a broken heart, we gobbled down chips, salsa, guacamole, burrito and a couple of kick ass steak tacos.Yes, I do happen to get overly loving and sentimental when I am drunk, but, holy crap, those were some delicious tacos. I almost wanted to hug them. Yeah, that's right Kevin, I almost hugged a taco.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2007,10/3/2007,230,216,4,3,4>If you grab ass, you will get written up on Yelp.  Julia Stafford you've been Yelped.  I'm loading this up on theDatingReport.com later btwOk so Red Fez is obviously the cool place to hang.  Its nice with the narrow cuz people congregate nicely when its busy/slow.  Ok the five star review may seem excessive but when hot texas girls dance with reckless abandon... It's 5 stars all day long.ALSO, someone (a good friend) came up and said, "I know someone in the bay area that looks just like you!".  I blew it and said, "I know you"... I should've just been Larry Chiang's twin: Tony Lee.  I can usually keep up the charade for a GOOD 15-20 minutes.  During this little routine I even claim to know 'Larry'.  It's got to be the most fun you can have in a bar: split dissociative personality with close friend participation.But then I don't haze my SF (guy) friends.effen Californians are always visiting our Austin.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2007,10/2/2007,150,65,3,8,6>Taste:First off, this place has the best migas in town.  They toast their little crispy tortilla strips and scatter them on top so the give just the right amount of crunch.  There is just the right amount of cheese - neither skimpy nor smothering the plate.  The refritos have a good mouthfeel, excellent flavor, and contain just the right amount of that stuff I don't want to know about.  All of the tacos I have tried have been tasty-in particular the cochinita pibil and their special ,the famous puffy taco.Portions:Overall, the food here is portioned exactly the right - filling, but you don't feel like a feed animal when you are done.  If you've been doing heavy labor, you might be better off elsewhere with enormous cheap greasy tacos, but if you want to actually taste your food, here's the place to go.Extras:Their drinks, both with and without alcohol are pretty fantastic.  Try the mexican hot chocolate, the orchata or the sangria. Their paletas (Mexican popsicles) are crazy out of this world.  When it's hot out, I like to get the pickle paleta, which is ground-up pickles, frozen, on a stick.  Mmmm.  Even weirder is the Lucas popsicle, which tastes somewhat like the candy of the same name, somewhat like a Bloody Mary.  (It's not for everyone.  I once popped a piece of one into my bf's mouth and he asked if I was trying to start a fight.)  The pecan, cookies and cream, pina con chile and vanilla paletas are all very good as well.Price:Sure, you can pay less at a cart, but here you can sit down, have some sangria, meet someone here.  For the taste value, you can't beat it.Hipness factor:El Chilito's is a good place to go weekend mornings when you have bedhead, whether you just rolled out of bed, or you've intentionally mussed into place.  During brunch hours it is populated with scrawny college kids nursing a hangover and trying to dress as badly/Emo as possible.  They coexist peacefully with the amused homeowners and the working-joe types who are just trying to get a couple of tacos and a cup of coffee.  Quibbles:First, I'd prefer that they have some better way of announcing that your food is ready.  If you sit down at the tables, it's unlikely that you'll hear them call your number over the music.  Second, later hours would help.  Third: red salsa! Ahumado gets boring after a while.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2007,10/1/2007,344,274,11,10,10>Jehovahs Witness Protection Program.                      .                                .                                              .Pretty much my favorite team name from Tuesday night trivia at Mother Egans.  The food is adequate for pub food... I guess.  I always get chicken nachos, so how would I know?  And the trivia is pretty fun.  Starts at 7:30 but someone on your team better get there by 6:45 if you hope to secure a table.  7 rounds, 10 questions a round.   You'll usually get out of there by 10:30 (unless you are on my team in which case you'll be out of the running by about 7:35 and free to leave).Good times.  Last night our team was named the "Burnet Road Superf*&ks (everytime)" as a memorial to this:  i7.photobucket.com/album(props to Robin S for yelping about it and the legendary Michelle C for the pic)
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,9/30/2007,3,0,2,4,3>(reviewed in third person to protect the innocent)one day in 2002 chumpo was told to check out a place that sold the pizza and the beers. chumpo was excited to find a new spot to chill out after work so he went several days later on a friday night. 5 years later chumpo still goes to the parlor to get away from "everything", to find peace, his peace.the parlor is mostly red and black on the inside. it is dusted perhaps once to four times a year. the bar is made from copper sheeting that was part of something else before damon and debra moved their business in. when you set your glass of beer on the bar, it will rarely find a "nice" spot to chill. the walls are painted with images of famous rock/punk icons. it's dark and warm, a great place to hide. chumpo feels absolutely at home inside the palror.they have many different styles of beer. the cobra tapper contains a special beer that texas people enjoy. chumpo remembers seeing pictures of people drinking out of the cobra tapper directly, and smiles when he remembers this time in his life.chumpo loves the pinball. the parlor has the finest pinball machine ever made, twilight zone, by williams. the particular machine at the parlor is always broken to some degree, so do not expect to play for longer the 8-900 seconds. always play a two or three player game. always put 4 quarters in, this will provide you with 3 credits, the best deal. remember to drink when you "lock" a ball, the famous "lock'n drink" maneuver.the pizza is made from homemade crust and sauce. some people have told chumpo the pizza is great, some people have said they hate it. do not judge the pizza at the parlor after one try. if possible get a pizza made by luke aka "ninja". chumpo has discovered that being nice while at the parlor is key to making the pizza taste better.chumpo finds the music at the parlor agreeable for the most part. the jukebox is the best in town. do not tell chumpo that the one at casino is better, he will ignore your opinion for sure. the live music is hit and miss, you can always go outside to the back porch if the music playing is not for you. chumpo likes the fact that all shows are free, and perhaps he'll see a band getting their "start" on.chumpo has made life time career friends at the parlor. the people that regularly attend the parlor have big hearts, strong opinions and love to drink. while they may look dangerous, er chumpo means "punk", they are 99.9% harmless. do not judge these people without first hanging out at least once a week for three months.chumpo likes to step outside the box, the palror doesn't even know that the hell "the box" is.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,9/29/2007,46,123,7,3,5>Normally I don't give 5 stars. Ever. But I'm stuck in California and want a cheesesteak so badly I can't stand it. The bread, the meat, the cheese, and oh god the peppers. Sweet and hot, yea baby, more!  Next time someone comes out here to visit I'm having them bring me one on the Nerd Bird. I usually get a large, eat half, then reheat the next half in the oven the next day. The locations where they have two for one days, I get TWO LARGES! That's four meals for $10 and I call that economical. Some coworkers just told me about a "great " place here, but they use cheesewhiz.. I don't know if I can get behind that.  Besides, "great" in the Bay Area is only "passable" in Austin. I think they are happy when their food is sort of hot and doesn't have hair in it.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/27/2007,9,11,2,4,4>I give this place 5 stars.  My hubby took me there on our first date, we just had our 4th wedding anni, and we try to go back each year, to re-create the scene.  Each time we go, its fun, music is great, and they make the best cosmo's we've ever had!  You should go, you won't forget it!
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,9/26/2007,369,271,3,7,6>Hands down one of my favorite shopping spots in all of Austin.  From the location to the staff and selection, this store has it RIGHT.  Wish is located on the drag and is in my opinion the shopping highlight of the entire town.  They have it all and you can always count on leaving here with a bag of goodies, you can't get out of the store without buying SOMETHING.I have bought clothing, jewelry, shoes, home decor items and much more here.  I love this place when Christmas comes because I can always find cool and unique things here for all my female friends.  They have some really cool shoes for women from some smaller designers and you won't believe how inexpensive they are.  Prices are ridiculously good all around the store, I have bought over a dozen of the cool throw pillows they have here, each one less that $7.  They also have four huge cases of jewelry, from necklaces to bracelets and everything in between and nothing was more than $14 the last time I checked.  Seriously this place is a gold mine, they have the latest fashions at the best prices around.  Did I mention that the staff are some of my favorite people in the world?  I love going in here because they are so cool and always help me find what I need and they will even tell me when something just plain looks like crap on me, they're good like that.  This place is a GEM, get down here and check it out.Special Note to Men:  This place has anything and everything you could ever need to get out of hot water, kiss a little behind with the girlfriend, make amends, or just look like you know what you are doing.  The staff here is awesome at helping out, so the next time you are trouble just walk in the door here, tell them your situation, and let them help you find some cool stuff to impress your girlfriend/significant other.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2007,9/25/2007,12,7,2,5,4>I've been haunting Dragonfly for almost three years now.  I try to go in at least two or three times a month (on weekends).  I got addicted to pho at a little place in Waco called The Clay Pot and I haven't been able to get enough of the stuff since.  Dragonfly specializes in Vietnamese, but has some Chinese fare as well.  My favorites are the pho, the bun, the steak cubes (wicked awesome!), the Mongolian beef, the curried chicken...  Heck, in three years I haven't found anything there that I DIDN'T enjoy.  The spicy dishes are pleasantly hot for most (a bit mild for me) and they can make 'em hotter if you ask.  The pho (my absolute favorite) is very aromatic, with a nice meaty broth.  It's very consistent in flavor as well; every time that I go there, it tastes the same.  I've asked if they use MSG in the broth and they say that they don't.  However, I'm not sure if they just say that to avoid the stigma or because they don't.  It does have a taste other than just salty that might be MSG, but I just try to block it out of my mind and eat it anyway (what I don't know...).  I'd hate to find out that they use it and not be able to eat the pho there any more - I've lost two pho sources so far due to MSG usage.  It's honestly been hard for me to find a place that DOESN'T use it and still has good aromatic pho.They serve wine and beer (Asian, American etc), with a decent selection on draft.  There's also coffee (the Vietnamese coffee's very nice) as well as bubble drinks (try the avocado smoothie with pearls - sounds weird, but if you like avocados you LOVE this).I've only ever had problems with one waiter and he's not there any more.  All the other wait staff have been attentive and pleasant.  If you get there during a rush the service can be a little sluggish, but worth the wait for me.They're in Lakeline mall, so the parking's fine.  You might have to walk forever to get inside, but that's a mall parking lot for you ;o)All-in-all, Dragonfly's the place that I go when no other places come to mind or I just need me a pho phix.  I haven't been disappointed in three years, so that says something.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2007,9/24/2007,22,29,10,2,5>It's always Christmas at Lala's.  Heh.  No, seriously.  It really is.  You can play pool and drink Lone Star amongst Christmas trees and Santa hats all year long.  The clientele is an interesting mix of hipsters and old regulars, and I like that it's next door to a Spanish-speaking-only Alcoholics Anonymous center.  Above the bar, there are elf puppets attached to fishing wire.  The fishing wire is attached to the restroom door.  This is a convenient way to know whether the restroom is occupied without having to get up from your seat-- if the elves are danging close to the ceiling, someone's in the can.  And this is all well and good, genius even, but only if you're aware of the system.  Tragically, I was not aware of the system.   In fact, in spite of only having one drink, I believed the dancing elves in my peripheral vision were proof that I had finally lost my mind. The first time I saw it happen, I asked my companion, "Baby, did you just see the elves move?"  He hadn't.  Ooookay.  Then it happened again.  "Baby-- did you see the elves move that time?"  He hadn't.  I knew better to ask a third time.  Or a fourth time.For five to ten minutes I sat there quietly freaking out.  "Perhaps my insanity was inevitable," I thought, "but it is deeply unfortunate that my insanity must manifest by hallucinating dancing elf puppets at a Christmas-themed dive bar in North Austin."  Eventually he left to use the restroom, and those damned elves began moving again, and at first I wanted to cry... and then, bam, I figured it out.  I may be a fool, but I'm not a HALLUCINATING fool, and thus Christmas came early for me.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,9/23/2007,52,293,1,5,4>The Good:  ::  location. it's a great hole-in-the-wall place off of I-35.  :: the national dish, which is a chicken drumstick dish. good grief. this is so delicious i don't know what to say or do. i can actually say i have experienced withdrawals of this dish at times. mmm mm mmmmm....during dinner, you get two drumsticks and an egg submersed in this thick, spicy sauce that goes really well with rice. during lunch, you only get one drumstick and no egg. however, i asked them for 2 drumsticks and they did it and did it for free!  it comes with injera by default, but i prefer mine with rice.   :: their sides, like the cabbage and green beans. lentils can be hit or miss.  :: their coffee.  free refills! and nice and strong.   :: their tea. very delicious and spicy!The Bad:  :: can be slow service.   :: wish their patio was opened up more instead of that wall hiding you from the outside world.The Ugly:  :: none.Would I go back? Definitely. I'm trying to make it a regular once-a-week kind of ordeal.  :)This place is IN.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2007,9/22/2007,224,413,3,3,3>I like this place a lot, or maybe it was the lovely yelp company and the 4 or 5 ( i lost count, (don't you hate it when that happens) Limey Bastards I drank.  I had a hard time finding it because I didn't see the a sign unless it's not on the Manor side.  It is a red building though. The decor is really nice with even cute red retro patio furniture.  The patio is great for large groups and has the homey feeling a hanging out in someones yard.  Foot note , a limey bastard is a drink, not an ex, made with EverGlow, the new green drink that mixes well with an energy drink.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2007,9/20/2007,56,28,5,4,5>Cons:* Too much Lance! Holy lord, make it stop! And Neal Pollack agrees with me, because this is *the gym* he wrote about:slate.com/id/2121809* When I was about to join, they really try to sell you on the urgency of their specials. "If you join today, we'll waive the initiation fee" and so forth. It turns out that every day they have some sort of deal going on, but the way they present it, it gives the false sense of urgency.* I got four free training sessions as part of my membership package. The fitness goal at the end was to lose three pounds of fat and gain three pounds of muscle. OK, I didn't get a fancy, uppity technical degree from "college" (ok, I did), but your net gain is ZERO pounds. Hmmmm. This makes it a little hard to verify progress, even with calipers.Pros:* It's fairly new and clean.* It's 24 hours.* Their equipment is in pretty good condition, and they rarely have a treadmill that's down. This is important, as I found the treadmills at Gold's to be older and often in disrepair.* They have lots of mirrors. This not only makes the gym look bigger, but it gives you more opportunity to drop your weights and start flexing your guns. It happens.* The staff is friendly.* I once left my MP3 player in the locker room, and someone returned it to the front desk. Maybe I got lucky, or maybe that says something good about the clientele.* They have a pool, basketball court, hot tub, sauna, and dance room.* They have some interesting equipment, like a tread climber and the stair climbers that are like the escalators.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2007,9/19/2007,724,628,10,11,8>Every once in a while, I stumble upon something in Austin that makes me feel like there's a huge piece of my city that I had no clue about.  Big Star Bingo invokes just such a feeling.  We arrived ten minutes before the first "set" on a Sunday night to find this bingo hall jam packed with people.  Some of these people had the entire table around them covered in bingo cards, and some even had specially-made bags that were designed to hold a variety of daubers (big markers that make a round, circular imprint perfect for marking your bingo card).  Whoa.  Once I saw the dauber bags, I knew we were totally outclassed. I wandered up to the counter and plead ignorance ("Uh, I've never been here before,") and the lady at the counter very kindly explained the process to me.  There are usually two "sets" an evening.  They start at designated times each night, so call first and check on the times so you don't arrive mid-set.  Each "set" has five games.  You can buy a sheet of 60 bingo cards (12 for each game in one set) for $6, plus a dauber for $1, and you're good to go for about an hour.  Plus, they have cash prizes for each game, so you have a chance to make some moola while you're at it!  Nice!This isn't just plain old, "get one line across and you have bingo" bingo.  Each game has a certain configuration that you need to achieve before you win:  four corners, two lines, "T" shape, etc.  It's a little confusing at first, but you'll get the hang of it quickly.  Also, be sure to listen closely at the beginning of each game, because some of them have "wild" free numbers - e.g., "every number ending in a 2."  You get to go daub crazy when that happens.They have a large no-smoking room, so you don't have to choke on somebody's secondhand smoke while you bingo your heart out.  Also, there's a snack bar here that serves a variety of crappy food.  You can BYOB, but no coolers and they ask you to buy a cup at the snack bar to pour your beer/wine into (25 cents).  We had a blast, more so because we got buzzed enough that we weren't too concerned about being the only ones in the room talking.  This is a great activity to add to the mix of campy-fun things to do when you're tired of the bar scene.  So grab your dauber, a six-pack, and some friends, and head on down to Big Star Bingo!
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2007,9/17/2007,58,162,11,5,6>If grease were peace the bacon here would be a rainbow gathering.  Seriously worst bacon ever.Menu options have a way of nickle and dime'g you till you've spent over $12 on a really greasy breakfast.Still I love their juke box like none other.  Indeed the juke box itself is easily justifies anything else wrong with the mealIndeed I liked it so much that I wrote a song for it:When I go onto my graveI'm glad to know my soul is savedand when that time does come to passI'd like my kin to make me ashtake my ash unto the grillwhere the cook I know he willmake me:(chorus)scatteredsmotheredcoveredchunkeddicedpepperedcappedand toppedhe'll take me all the wayAnd now that my own human ashhas turned into some grill-fried hash My family there should never have to cry'cause I've gone to that great Waffle House in the skyand when I go to meet St. PeterHe will be a picky eaterhe'll want me:(Repeat chorus)And if I haven't been to awfulThey'll seat my by that Holy Wafflewith some bacon and some syrupthat way I will be sure upto be an order of them hash browns when I dieYes I'm going to that great waffle house in the skyAnd whem my loved ones go to prayto the griller on displayI know by the words they saythey wouldn't want me any other waythan:(repeat chorus)Yes I'm going to be an order of Hash browns when I die'cause I'm going to that great waffle house in the sky
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,9/15/2007,189,449,3,5,5>'I want a girl with a mind like a diamond.....And eyes that burn like cigarettesI want a girl with the right allocations......I want a girl who gets up earlyWho uses a machete to cut through red tapeShe is fast, thorough and sharp as a tack,She is touring the facility and picking up slack'.......Thats the song that was going through my head as I ate at the Omelettry this morning and experienced the awesome efficiency of the staff.  OK, no short skirts or long jackets and no nails that shone like justice.  In fact, both men and women worked there.  But they all did their jobs like CEOs of IBM. I got quick, no nonsense, precision questioning of my order.  Quick, efficient, and perfect execution of my fussy order of eggs over medium, extra crisp bacon.   Not often does this fussy virgo get her eggs perfectly cooked with no runny white, no hard yolk and no icky rubbery fat on the bacon.    Good coffee was refilled exactly when the cup was half empty.   Delicious gingerbread pancakes were served on a separate plate so that the eggs didn't run into the cakes, which would have marred the perfect runny yolks.Two servers effortlessly worked the room, helping all customers seamlessly.   I saw the cook concentrating hard as she pushed out her perfect orders with precision.  No clever banter, no sighing and rolling of eyes when I ordered, no "hiya honey" by some tired waiter, no slow-moving grouchiness.  This is business.  This is getting your eggs perfect, on time, under budget.God, I love this place.   I don't eat omlettes.  That would entail cooked yolks (ick), but they cook their eggs and bacon and pancakes just right .No air conditioning, by the way, so in summer, its a little stuffy.  But its great.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,9/14/2007,253,502,,27,9>Dr. Gupta literally saved my life. One year ago, I went in complaining of allergies. Something sparked Dr. Gupta to feel like that's not what it was. He ordered a CT Scan with the results stat. That afternoon, I was in the hospital, surrounded by my friends as I waited to be biopsied the next day. It turned out I had non-hodgkin's lymphoma, a form of cancer that would have killed me in 6 months if Dr. Gupta hadn't been as astute as he was.Needless to say, if you're looking for a GP, Dr. Gupta is your man.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2007,9/13/2007,152,351,1,6,4>Wow, what a meal.. Outstanding Italian restaurant with European-style service.  If you have ever been to Europe you can get used to taking 2.5 hours to eat a meal and not be so impatient. That is what Andiamo is like.  Everything we tried was good. We started off with the scallops that were made with a brandy-cream sauce, it was excellent. for an entree we had a trout dish stuffed with crab, peppers and spinach that was out of this world.  Also, the chef special, sort of a Cioppino or Bouillabaisse on top of linguine with a tomato-based sauce.  For dessert, tiramisu and raspberry gelata.  Just the right portions, excellent service and great atmosphere.  We were there with friends and the 2.5 hours was perfect to have a nice conversation and eat a great meal without getting stuffed.  The meal for 2 was $75 after tip.  This place just made my Top 3 Italian restaurants in Austin..
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,9/12/2007,43,34,11,7,6>First to review this landmark image etched into the mind of every teenage boy from the Eighties that wanted to find a lonely place to make out! HAH! What a treat! When you pull up to this dilapidated old country store your brain is going to start walking backwards. It's OK, go on in. Later, it would have hit you (if I hadn't just spilt the beans) - THIS is the place where the Texas Chainsaw Massacre was filmed!!! Holy Crap! I didn't know before someone drug us out there and it was a total mind fhump-and-a-half when the images snapped together in my head.The inside is rustic, and slightly dilapidated. The bathroom is freaking scary - but clean-ish.  The hours are  very short - open Friday or Saturday. Call to confirm hours.The BBQ is awesome and plentiful. Seriously, I ate a ton - 2000#. The cold beers just keep coming. The food - by food I mean meat -  is best served group-style on large squares of meat-paper.(Yes, I said it : meat-paper). For vegetarians, they serve jalapenos. Get some!5/5 based on good food (meat) and being that iconic.PS - if the freaking middle of nowhere (Hutto-hang a right and drive) is a private lot, Then my parking categorization stands (private lot).
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,9/11/2007,41,25,22,11,9>The people at Veggie Heaven are very angry with the Chinese government.  It's written all over their menu.  Now I'm not really sure what it says, cause I can't read Asian, but people in the know have informed me that it's all just a big ruse.  Let me explain:While the Russians and United States poured all their resources into their nuclear and space programs in the 60's, Chinese scientists were hard at work developing and perfecting the greatest meat subsitute the world has ever known - Protein 2000 (the name of which, while dated now, probably sounded much cooler in the 60's...).  So while your parents were dropping LSD, they toiled away creating the fried vegetable protein that we know today.  But it wasn't until well into the 70's that they added the P2000 sauce, which it turns out is a by-product that resulted from one of the Chinese nuclear-physicists trying to synthesize liquid awesome.  This all remained a big secret throughout the 80's, until one of the leading scientists on the project (and founding proprietor of Veggie Heaven) fled China to Texas with the schematics in hand, but not before changing the originals so that the P2000 secret would be lost to the Chinese forever.  Now the Chinese didn't like losing decades and billions of dollars worth of research, but what were they going to do?  Invade Texas?  However, in recent years, there have been talks of extradition, so the people at Veggie Heaven work hard to make sure that anti-Chinese-government sentiment remains high.Before that comes to a head, I highly recommend that get your ass to The VH and try this stuff over a bed of rice and broccoli.  You've never eaten non-animal that tastes more like animal in your life.  And If you order it to-go, they fill up a separate Asian to-go thingy with each ingredient (the rice, broccoli, and P2000) - it's enough food for two people.Epilogue:  The Chinese government still hasn't recovered.  Case in point: they plan on landing a man on the moon in 2020.  Seriously guys?  Well when you get there, can you do us a little favor and clean up some of the trash we left?  BACK IN THE 1960's???
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,9/10/2007,664,120,23,8,12>I have nothing but great things to say about my time at GSD&M. I met some of my best friends in the world here, and, 5 years after leaving, we're just as close. They do fantastic work across the board, and I miss them, their culture and, even their clients every single day.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/9/2007,103,80,8,9,8>Simply put the South location makes me want to move to Slaughter Lane. I love Little Woodrow's South.  Anyone who has read my review of the 6th street location knows I love Little Woodrow's, so you can take or leave my review of it.  I was accused of being an owner of Little Woodrow's, I'm not, but if I could buy stock in it I would. First let me say Little Woodrow's is a chain.  It is based out of Houston, I think the first one was in Bellaire.  I know yelpers hate chains, I don't.  I think if something is good, there should be more of them. Of course I am biased too. My Pops runs Burger Kings in Houston. A chain paid for my 13 years at UT.I'm not a southie, and this location is south south, like Buda south almost.  I was on I-35 headed south, and I realized - shit I dunno where this place is.  Was it Stassney? No South Park Meadows is further south than Stassney. I made the mistake of exiting William Cannon because I didn't want to pass it up.  About 33 minutes later I finally made it through the light at 35 and William Cannon.  Jebus, that is one damn long light. To my surprise South Park Meadows, the huge field where I saw Ziggy Marley, the Black Crowes, and numerous music festivals, is now a gi-normous strip mall.  There is a super target, a walmart I think, every big box store you can think of. I drove around the damn place for another 30 minutes looking for Little Woodrow's. I finally gave up and called Little Woodrow's on Sixth for help. It was easy because I have them on speed dial on my phone. What? You don't have your bar on speed dial on your phone?  No? Oh so I'm a drunk just because I have my favorite pub on speed dial on my phone?  Does it make it worse that it goes in order, my wife, my sister, my pub 1,2,3? I suppose I'm a bigger drunk because The Texas Showdown is #4 huh?  Seriously, quit judging me! Well it turns out I had passed it entirely. It is right on Slaughter behind the Chick Fil-A.  I was fully prepared not to like it, seriously I was. I freakin hate strip centers.  But although, Little Woodrow's South is in a strip center it is at the end of one, in a little wooded part, that seems like its own beer park.  Out front there is a huge sign that says LITTLE WOODROW'S and there is this pretty patio with seating on a couple levels and there is a huge bonfire pit right in the middle of it. The inside looks sort of like the north location but the long bar is over on the left and there is seating to the right. I counted 9 big booths inside, 16 little tables for 4, 9TV's hangin inside, plus a 150 sq ft screen that comes down for UFC and football, plus 2 flat screens over the bar. They have all the same specials as the other LW's. Sunday Night is best $2.50 any draft, Mondays is $2 any Texas beer, Tuesdays is Big Ass Beer (Lone star 23oz $1.75), Wednesdays is $3 wine night(This is new to this locations) Thursdays is Giant Mug Night (25oz Lone Star $3.) and Steak Night. Saturdays is u-call it night at the bar.  Unless you are getting a better deal, Lone Star is always $2 though. They say have 33 beers on tap and 100 different beers total.  Also they have $10 buckets of beer during longhorn games.  They also say they will show all UFC events, and have every package, NFL Sunday Ticket, NBA, NCAA,  MLB, and NBA.  They did not get MLB for this season, because there is only one month left. But they will next year. Ok, back to my trip.  I get out of the car, and the manager "W" sees me and screams "Don's in the house!"  Which made me feel welcome. I saw 2 waitresses that had moved from the Central Location, "J" and "L". I said hi to them.  Then I walked up to the bar to get a Lone Star. A funny thing happened.....two minutes later I was still standing at the bar and I didn't have a lone star.  They were just busy, 1st day open and all. Then a bartender walked up to me and looked at me, and finally asked "can I help you? " I said, "I'll take one."  And she looked at me weird. So to help her out I put up my hand with my index finger out to indicate "one."  She still looked at me weird. Finally the poor girl says, "One what?" Hahahaha, they don't know you here Don, you freakin moron.  You actually have to say, "One Lone Star please."  Hahahaha, I get my beer and wander outside for a smoke.   Anyways I follow the wall around the back and guess what is there?  A big sign that says LITTLE WOODROW'S BACK YARD!  What sweet heaven is this?  A Little Woodrow's with a back yard?  Yup yup, it is true. They have some tables out there, and get this......Washers!  You can play freakin washers in the backyard.  This greatly appeals to my inner redneck.  They also have 2 cornhole boards out there.  playcornhole.org  - The place is just freakin amazing, southies are going to love it, the way I love mine on 6th and my sister loves hers on Parmer. Check out the pics. Oh and they have food too!
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,9/8/2007,246,167,12,7,12>There are two reasons to give the G&S 5 stars instead of four.  It gets at least 4 stars for the incredible selection of bar games, the never ending popcorn machine, the extremely wide selection of import and craft brewed beers, the lack of pretense, the young hip clientele who've turned an old dive into a hip spot, and the stainless steel bulldog heads in the bar rail.  What pushes this place to 5 stars are not one, but two of the best jukeboxes in Austin, and the mean ass sumbitch who owns/runs/lives in the place and tends bar there like you'd imagine the mean ass ladies of the DMV would do.  I swear to God, I heard him once tell a very preppy looking kid at the bar to go fuck his mother!  I laughed so hard that my beer spurted out of my nose, this kid was an ass and had it coming.  You gotta be careful about starting a tab here, they guy kinda tends bar by the seat of his pants and weirdo shit will end up on your tab, so pay cash.  If I could just get Kevin to go back in there with me.....
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2007,9/7/2007,21,22,14,10,7>Madam Mam's Noodles & More -- I wonder how many guys have stumbled into the place thinking it was a brothel.  Wrong type of noodle service, fellas.It's been commented on before, and I'll mention it again -- the ridonkulous pink exterior is an eyesore.  It may have been a carry over from when the restaurant used to be a BBQ joint but for the love god, please consider a more sobering color.  Even Fiesta toned down their hot pink.  Of course people don't flock to Madam Mam's for its architectural design.  Yummy Thai food is their business, and business is damn good. Ordering off their menu is like playing a crazy Southeast Asian bingo game. "S3", "F5", "P36", "A2" -- it doesn't matter what you pick, you're always a winner.  There are a few exceptions though.  Skip the dishes with spaghetti, macaroni, or any of the seafood ones with imitation krab and squid.  I'm still working my way through the monster menu, but my favorites are the beef masman (P13), chicken pad thai (F1), and the catfish pud cha pla neung manow long duk dong gang bah woo woo (P16 or something).The waitstaff decked out in fake Lacoste and Polo shirts are friendly enough... when they remember you.  The service seems to get worse upon every visit.  On our most recent one, we sat around 10 minutes before we were able to flag someone down for menus.  Then had to wait some more for silverware.  Then wait even more for a waitress.  Then some more waiting for the checks.  Then wait some more for the receipt.  The food was excellent, it's just that the service was slower than Stephen Hawking running the 100 meter dash.  Yea:-  the entrees are all good, except for the seafood surprises-  condiment station has some roasted garlic hot sauce that's like spiced crack.  your lips will be numb and you'll still pile the stuff on your food-  check out their website and read Mam and her hubby Sap's life story.  it's quite funny Nay:-  terrible service, unattentive waitstaff-  don't they know that it's bad luck to open umbrellas indoors?-  crowded parking lot littered with busted loading palletes and driftwood.  you guys must be eating there at 10:30am-  nickel and diming on everything.  some extra sauce for your spring rolls?  75 cents please.  split checks?  35 cents each please.  I think I saw a 10 cent surchage on each square of toilet paper used in the restroom.-  the onions in P42 can kill small children-  LOL @ the overpriced knick-knacks for sale on the walls. -  the greeter mama san is pure evil4.5 stars for the food.  1.5 stars for the service.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2007,9/6/2007,392,291,36,5,11>In order to get the full effect of this review, you must first read this: yelp.com/biz/a11Fn_PN6S6So this girl calls me every day for the rest of the week.  She's either seriously crazy about me i.e. crazy, desperately seeking a boyfriend, or has a bad case of the drunk dials.So we go out again a few days later to Vivo.  This place is pretty hip.  It has some cool artwork on your way to the restroom. It has a nice patio.  And after the meal they give all the ladies with you a long-stemmed rose, so that adds a nice touch when you're wooing someone.  She chose the place.  I had actually never heard of it before.  I would normally prefer not to eat Tex-Mex on a second date because my stomach is not made of iron.  I knew if I engorged myself with refried beans and enchilada sauce and such I'd be farting all over my date before the night was over.  I usually save that for the third or fourth date.  So, I stuck with something safe and got a chicken chalupa.  It was good.The date was going great.  We sat and talked for hours.  We had lots of things in common.  We're both brooding romantics.  She has a brother and so do I.  We both like cats and music, but neither of us likes Cat's the Musical.  So by the end of the date I'm licking my lips and she's applying the lip gloss getting ready for the big 'End of Date' kiss.  I walk her out to her car and probably said a bunch of stupid cliches that guys say when they like some girl.  I turned to her.  She turned to me.  I slowly moved in to make my move....and Whammo.  I was rejected.  I was dumbfounded for a second.  Perhaps she's afraid her breath stinks?!  I wasn't concerned, so I tried again.  I was twice rejected.  Not only was this embarrassing, it was embarrassing.  I quickly scanned the area to make sure no one saw what had just happened.  She tried to explain that she just feels weird and that's it's like she's just meeting me for the first time.  I didn't buy it.  The girl who just days earlier couldn't keep her hand off me, who whispered naughty things in my ear and shoved her tongue down my throat!  I couldn't understand any of this.  At that moment I wish I had eaten nothing but refried beans so I could jump in her car and let one go, and then run away with tears in my eyes....I miss 8th grade.  Instead, I gracefully backed away, shook her hand and left.  If I ever find another girl drunk enough to go out with me, I wouldn't be afraid to check out Vivo again.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,9/5/2007,76,266,10,6,6>This is located inside the Mekong River Restaurant.Finding a make-your-day kind of sandwich in downtown Austin is like trying to find a tax break making under 250K. Few and far between.So one day, I stumble upon this place....I read the menu on the outside and thought, "Are you kidding? This sounds like the real deal." Exited but cautious, I ordered the meatball sandwich. I knew that if I ever found an awesome meatball sandwich in the ATX, I'd remember that day forever.....And you know what? It was handed to me on that day. I was in love. I couldn't wait to go back to that place. Never mind that it took them fifteen minutes to get me my simple to go order. It was like falling in love and you start to make excuses like, "Well, she's only kind of a crack addict...." or "Well, she only sort of stole from me...."I couldn't wait to go back and try it again....but I had to wait and wait and wait for the UNBELIEVABLY GOOD meatball sandwich.....I'm craving it right now typing this.....It is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in years.......I can not emphasize that enough.....I would get one right now if I could....  Still, again I'm saying things like, "Well, she's not really using me per se....."The next time I tried to out fox the system by phoning ahead....I didn't get to Yelp! Elite status by being stupid, ya know.....I decide to order something different, so I order the Downtown Dip, which is a beef dip basically.....I should have known when the guy who took the order on the phone didn't know what I was talking about....He had no idea what was on the menu.....It took me five minutes to order a sandwich.....That is nothing like NYC......When I did get my sandwich, I thought it was a joke....It was two small slabs of meat on white bread....no cheese or mayo or anything.....no way was that enough for a hamster to have for lunch let alone a big strong man like me......I have decided that I am only going to stay in this relationship for the meatball sandwich, which I would give 2 million stars if I could....This place is new, so maybe she'll change.....Maybe I can change her into the deli I want her to be.....Am I showing signs of lunch codependency here? I may need help.....I might need someone to go with me next time.....or at least place the order on the phone......
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,9/4/2007,474,618,2,5,4>5 stars. But seriously, I probably would have given 5 stars to anyone who could fix my A/C in August in Austin. I have been driving around without A/C since the end of July and anyone who has seen me knows I am in a terrible mood whenever I arrive anywhere and drenched in sweat.Thanks to Jefe's review, I found these guys. I went in on my lunch break and he took a look at my car while I grabbed a bite to eat.He gave me two options: 1) get a new compressor 2) he could rebuild the old compressor.I spent a few days thinking about what I wanted to do. Then I took it back this past Tuesday and it was ready to go Thursday at lunch. He told be to bring a jacket because it is COLD in my car. Hallelujah!In all seriousness, this is a family owned and operated shop, and the owner was super nice to me. The prices were good. I almost always expect mechanics to rip me off just because I am a girl. Luckily, this is a family man, and there are two women in the shop that I am pretty sure keep him in check, so I felt confident that he was telling me the truth and he took the time to show me where the problems were and all my options to go about fixing it. Absolutely no sales pressure.I finally decided to have him rebuild my compressor saving me hundreds of dollars, and it comes with a 1 year guarantee.Bonus points: When he asked where I heard about him. I said Yelp. He face totally lit up and he told me how he just discovered the site and loves it. So if you go in, tell him you found his business on Yelp.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,9/3/2007,1574,1166,16,9,8>One of my biggest fears in life is coming down with a case of scurvy. It all started when I really hated my job and I thought that maybe if I stopped eating anything with citric acid in it I could get medical leave and then eat an orange and return to normal health. Researching scurvy was disheartening to say the least and when I read about the squishy bloody gums I decided that I would do everything within my power to avoid contracting scurvy regardless of the rational. The Daily Juice Company seems to understand and cater to people with irrational fears of low vitamin/mineral/essential something or another intake. You can put bee pollen in your smoothie, drink a bit of wheat grass, or just buy some fresh squeezed OJ. They do seem to be anti-dairy so if you're looking for more of a milk shake than a smoothie you are going to have to go elsewhere. I must admit that waiting in the sticky hot little shop for my "sure thing" smoothie was totally worth it and it may have been one of the best smoothies I've ever had...ever.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,9/2/2007,110,135,2,3,3>I've been 3 times now.Some of the waitstaff still pride the honorable position of some european  garcon, you might be lucky and encounter this feeling as I have 2 of the 3 times I have visited.  Lots of bread to be found here, good bread . . . not as crusty as some finer breads but they do have that caffe feel with 2 "f"'s.I've been there only with company, but there are several people who go there alone still looking for the WiFi presence, they can afford to nosh on this and that. There is an extensive menu and it was advertised extensively as an insert coupon in the last Tribeza. So if you love Tribeza and sport a white collar career this could be the ritz on the easide for you. Look, I know I seem a little toungue in cheek, but they're new- and I kindas a little nostalgic.  Once that building that is next to BD which is being erected goes up, the whole 11th street mix is a'gonna change! Anyhow, they have this condiment trio on some of the tables, it has nutella, raspberry jam, and orange marmalade.  All essential to bread . . . find this item and use it! yum.Also, their backyard is very nice.  It helps to evoke the name "blue dahlia" -w/o an actual blue dahlia.  Sort of like a persian oasis, with european bread.
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2007,9/1/2007,78,61,6,5,5>Quirk meets tao. And then they shake hands. Cordially. [End Scene]If I had to sum up the San Jose, that would be the script, however brief. A fusion of Asian zen and Swedish minimalism, it is a must-stay in the SoCo  area of Austin. The courtyard, which winds down and around, circuitously, long pebble-lined sidewalks with effusive, overhanging vines and blonde, wooden, low-cropping architecture, infuses a certain air of calm into visitors and screams of non-pretension and a certain organic whimsy.Even though the wine in-house is inordinately expensive, it pays for itself in doses of atmosphere. Sitting out on the patio, you get a sense of peace, of community and best, a scene without the scene. Oy vey. I should know. I lived in Dallas for 5 years and a scene there consists of two metrosexuals, a lightbulb and a shot glass. Was that a joke? Sadly, no.So. Back to the San Jose. The rooms are great. Whether it is a single or a shared bathroom, it has the aesthetic feel of a Swedish dormitory. Which, in my book, is perfect. Low-wrought beds, sliding bathroom doors, convenient ihomes on every bedside table. There is a touch of modern that meets a heaping helping of quietude. P.S. - Oh, and I stayed in a standard bedroom for my birthday last year and the extras were amazing - my boyfriend was able to secure a special bottle of wine from Whole Foods as well as a basket of chocolate treats for my birthday "surprise." It was all housed in an attractive and unique presentation that was waiting for me when we checked in. Simple, but effective. P.S.S.The only thing I would say towards the negative leaning is that over the past year, the reservation list has become increasingly ridiculous. I remember I called to secure a girls' weekend and the only thing I could get was something 4 months in advance. And that was a shared room; not even a standard to meet our party's needs. Believe me, feeling like the poor little match girl staring into the cush zen window is not a nice feeling, so be SURE to book your room plenty of months ahead of time. Just sayin'. Apparently the tao has its limits. Or, its full bookings.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2007,8/31/2007,310,185,3,15,13>Short version: It's a bar that forgets it's on 6th Street, and instead caters to adults who already know how to order, drink, eat (and tip).  Oh yeah, and their hamburgers are pretty damn special.I manage a bar.  I actually work behind the bar one shift a week, my favorite shift, Friday evening 5-9pm.  When I get off, I am a creature of habit--I head to another bar where I am not surrounded by babies learning to drink jello shots and throwing up on their shoes.  Call me crazy, but I like bars for grown-ups, and they are damn rare on 6th Street.  Enter Casino el Camino, a 6th St. fixture for more than 15 years.I have been going to Casino el Camino long enough at about 9:30pm each Friday that Lisa has a big tasty shot of Powers Irish Whiskey and a cold bottle of Sierra Nevada on the bar almost before I sit down.  I LIKE that.  And I like Lisa, and the rest of the staff, funky, quirky, pierced, inked and authentic nice people, each and every one.Some people find the service a bit brusque, or gruff.  I see it as a service staff that doesn't "suffer fools gladly."  If you make your way up to a busy bartender after a short wait, with dozens of people clamoring for a drink, you are a fool if you say something weak like "I dunno what I want..."  Come ready to order, ready to drink, ready to eat and listen to the coolest jukebox on the planet and you'll have a blast.[Oh yeah, and if you can't carry enough cash for a couple of beers, don't freakin' whine about a $10 minimum on charge/debit cards for pete's sake.  And if you DO open a tab, open it, don't close the damn thing out every single $3.00 beer just because you're too lame to remember to close it at the end of your visit.  It's a pain in the ASS to close a debit card 5 times for 5 beers. especially if you don't tip at least 15%.]The details: open 4pm-2am every day.  Full bar, beer, wine and liquor, with a half dozen taps.  Nice beer garden out back for smokers, pool and pinball upstairs.  Great classic movies on several TVs with captions on almost all the time.  A burger menu and chicken sandwich menu to die for, 12-ounce burger patties as big as a baby's head served up with great real chunky fries sliced to order out of giant potatoes.  The Amarillo Burger is last meal on Earth material.  The drill: order immediately on entering at the little window in the back.  The guys will quote you a wait time, usually pretty accurate, as little as 20 minutes, or as long as an hour when things get hopping.  Check back at the end of that time, grab your burger, tip the cooks and gorge yourself on a beefapalooza on a bun.  Your cholesterol will never be the same, but anything that feels this good must be good for you.The wings are pretty awesome too, and I'm told they make a good hot dog, but the beef is the main attraction.  The bar attracts young and older, pierced and punked, goth and emo, prep and student even, and older guys like me, looking for a neighborhood bar with a soundtrack.Casino is on my eternal Austin short list.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2007,8/30/2007,13,8,12,6,5>I have to say that I felt I was in a commercial.  It might not have helped that there was a huge Panda sitting behind me the whole time.  Well, where to begin.  Holy Crap....I can now say I have had a $12 scallop.  Oh yea, one, uno, singular, alone on the plate with some yummy sauce, but $12.  It just seemed a bit, oh, dare I say, insanely overpriced.  You should have seen the four of us pecking and clawing at this poor thing.  Oh sure, I have to say again that all of the food we tasted was heavenly (especially my quarter of a scallop and probably their quarters were good too!).  Hey, save UCHI for birthdays and special occasions, or when you want to feel like you have a huge disposable income.  Take a WAD-O-CASH and have a great time.  We did, er, well, uh, thanks Ron who supplied the WAD-O-CASH this time around!  It really was a great time with some really good friends! ...and,  I didn't have nightmares about the Panda, so that's good too.  P.S. What's up with valet parking right close to the restaurant?  Isn't the idea to use valet parking so you don't get all hot and sweaty walking from your car parked several blocks over because the close in parking is full?  Maybe the valet attendants don't want to get sweaty either! Sweet deal for them... park your car for you ten feet away from where you leave it with them and they get some more of your WAD-O-CASH.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2007,8/29/2007,0,0,2,3,3>Granted it was 1999 when I came here, but I was throughly impressed with their burger!  Me and my gf use to drive up and down Research Blvd (183) and see a sign that said, "BEST BURGER IN TOWN".Usually we don't fall for places that has signs like these.FINALLY - a year later -- we decided to go in and guess what?!?!  It was one of the best burgers I've ever had!  Best in town?  Probably circa 1999 in Austin, YES.  It ranks with my Fuddrucker's burgers!  BTW, is there a Fudd's in Austin?  I don't think so!So the concept is the same as Fudd's (grab your own concoctions at the burger dressing bar).  It's definitely not as nice as Fudd's but for Austin, you can't be choosy!HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU GOING AT LEAST ONCE! :)UPDATE:  THERE IS A FUDD'S in Austin!!!  So there is a God?? :)
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,8/28/2007,38,65,3,3,7>Take a date, take your wife, take your mistress, hell, take anyone that appreciates amazing food. So, don't waste coming here with someone who thinks the Cheesecake Factory is a nice restaurant. Actually, you should bring them here to show them what good food is really all about.The food is stellar, the service attentive, and the wine perfectly chilled.
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2007,8/27/2007,14,76,10,7,6>Dear Which Wich and Schlotzky's,You used to be my fave toasty hot sandwich shops, but alas, I do believe Potbelly's has usurped your positions. They make a mean sandwich and you don't have to sit down and wait for it. My tuna salad was excellent, just the right amount of mayo and celery. Their wheat bread had actual grains that I could see in it. And they make some delicious shakes and yummy cookies. So, you 2 should get your acts together, 'cause there's a new bitch in town and she's got skills.Yours,The Hot Toasted Sandwich Fiend
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2007,8/26/2007,25,104,3,5,3>Went here for lunch after saving nickels, dimes, and pennies in a plastic pineapple on my cube mate's desk. She recently became vegetarian, so I thought we'd go somewhere that catered to, rather than accommodated, the veg head. I thought I was familiar with Indian food, but I recognized almost nothing on the menu, and the brief, slightly incomprehensible descriptions didn't help much. Luckily, there were pictures on the wall above the cash register, so I picked the thing that looked like what almost everyone else in the place was eating.The food just rocks. I got a plate of garlic naan accompanied by a plate full of wonderful small bowls of food. There were two soups, both good, two vegetable curries, a bowl of rice, a bowl of rice pudding, pickles, and the best yogurt sauce I've ever eaten.My cubemate got the chickpeas with fried bread. The curry for the chickpeas was mild and tasty, and the bread was fantastic.Add a very sweet lemonade, and we made ourselves sick on Indian goodness for less than 20 bucks.No romance, shabby chic, or kitsch (well, the Indian dance-pop was a little kitschy). Just tables and chairs and you and your naan. I get the feeling this place doesn't try and do things like the Man would like them done. You get your own silverware, water, and I even had to get my own plate to share the food.  Very good food. Very good prices. Best yogurt sauce ever.
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,8/25/2007,421,603,2,5,5>OK Northsiders.Imagine...its a rainy day in the domain and your friendly neighborhood barista is tying to flirt with customers to get good tips. After flirting with one guy ( who tells her he works as a magazine distributor) he goes and retrieves a copy of said magazine as a present. With me so far?So basically its a food mag for foodies and in it I find an incredible review/interview for Thai Passion.Now. I have been at work since 5 am, and am seriously hungry and the thought of a 7 buck home cooked Thai food buffet sounds like the most amazing thing on this earth.I grabbed Becca G. we went and ate. Holy goodness, they got some mad awesome spicy noodles and this soup that reminded me of hot and sour but slightly sweeter. Another burnet road/183 hidden masterpiece. And you can get the buffet to go.So moral of the story is, get your butt to Thai passion and call me so I can go with you. Oh, and tip your baristas, it makes us happy :)
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,8/24/2007,8,22,3,7,2>I am NOT embarrassed to say that I love Panera Bread! I will shout it from the hilltops! What is the big deal about liking chain restaurants anyway? Some are better than some local eateries.Panera Bread is one of my favorite places to go to study, buuuuuuut I find that I have trouble concentrating because (start reading the rest of this paragraph in a rush, hurried, crazed manner) my eyes are always wandering about the place and then I start thinking of how awesome this place is to study and then that thought reminds me that I'm not studying and then I finally start studying for a few seconds and then the cycle starts all over again haha.  (okay stop!)I am addicted to the Broccoli Cheese soup, Frontega Chicken, and IC Caramel drinks!!!! YUMMY! Most of the staff members just do their jobs or arrange small, informal meetings in the corner of the restaurant. In other words, they are not overly friendly, with the exception of Chawky. He is so nice and never fails to strike a conversation with me at my table. You won't have trouble spotting him, because he is the only I've seen wearing a purple/lavender shirt and a genuine smile.They have a plethora of outlets, which are all too conveniently located at every table alongside the walls. The booths are the best place to sit if you need to study or use the computer, if they are available. Unfortunately, too many people have found out about this place and now it gets way too crowded, especially on Sundays after church. It is about time to open a new one in Austin; I'm sure it will happen soon. I will be one of the first ones there too.Now that I have taken yet another break from my studying to write about the very place where I am presently, I bid you adieu.UPDATE!: Chawky just informed me that they will be opening two new locations at the end of this year. One will be on Mopac and Wm Cannon and the other um will be somewhere else! haha I forgot.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,8/23/2007,93,241,4,5,3>To all men interested in my companionship and true love:The way to my heart is Whip In. Best. Date. Ever. (Although, I've never actually been on a date to the Whip In, someday I will meet someone who understands me enough to know that a date at the Whip In will seal the deal.) Seriously, how fun would it be to pick out a six pack with your date? Do a little beer tasting, enjoy our handpicked fruits, and then make out... Whip In kills me. Beer tastings Thursday-Sunday from 4-8. Sweet staff. Mind boggling selection. Best place to buy booze in Austin.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2007,8/22/2007,467,441,1,14,7>This is my absolute favorite bar in Austin, hands down!  The bartenders are amazing, I guess I go there often enough for them to remember what I typically like to drink (not to mention a former neighbor of mine works there).  Their beer selection is one of the best I've found anywhere and you can't go wrong with over 70 beers on tap, a few of which are made in the brewery weekly!  Not to mention, you can never go wrong with amazing free pizza on Wednesday nights!I love this place, every beer drinker should be familiar with it!
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2007,8/21/2007,178,534,4,5,3>Good location, not far away from Z-Tejas on 6th street. But it's not very easy to find a parking spot along the street. We walked in without any reservation and the restaurant wasn't that full on Sat night, so we got a table right away.The waiter is a little bit slow. He always gave us too long to think about dishes. So I had to look for him twice.Their menu is simple, opposite of cheesecake factory. The waiter highly recommended their oyster and redfish. So I ordered blue crab soup and crispy oyster as appetizer. The soup is good, but not enough crab and too much lentils. The oyster is breaded and fried. I won't recommend that to anyone. I don't like fried food. But the Lime Cilantro Aioli and Honey Chipotle Sauce is really good. I don't like the fried oyster, so paying $8 just for the sauce is not worth it.We had redfish and shrimps as entrees. The redfish is tender and mango habanero butter is very smooth with fish in mouth. Only one problem is the flavor is not strong enough. The Honey Chipotle shrimp is good, very strong grilled smell. 8 shrimps are good enough for the entree and it's colorful too. Red, green, orange, black and white. $24 for each is a little bit pricey.I don't know if the chef is lazy, they have the same vege for all entrees. Every entree dish comes with asparagus, carrots, black beans and rice. Not very creative.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2007,8/20/2007,2077,1403,22,4,3>My dog is basically a giant dork.  I mean this with all inherent sensitivity to dorks everywhere, and in fact were they to accidentally come across my dog trying her best to act anything resembling cool, they no doubt would say something along the lines of "wow, that dog's really dorky.  Pass the super glue."I bring this to light in deference to the notion of the Barton Springs Greenbelt and what my experience there has typically stood for, specifically lots of "good time dudes" hanging with their pups, their cold ones, and what my late grandfather might call their "best gals" in order to crank their best day up to Eleven.  And for her part, my dog, who is quite possibly the only lab in the history of man to be averse to the wet stuff, sits in a folding chair, and stares at me as if waiting for Grey Poupon.Which doesn't keep me from dragging her ass back to the scene of the crime, if not for the crime, then certainly for the scene.  Or at least..the scenery.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,8/19/2007,0,0,17,5,6>Remember When Harry Met Sally when Meg Ryan had that fantastically obscene public orgasm?Well, that was me today. And it was hot.Now my lover thinks I am a total faker, but whatevs!If your showerhead stops doing it for you, head on down to Which Wich and order the following: Buffalo Shrimp Sandwich (OMG)White BreadRanch Dressing Cole Slaw (don't judge)PicklesLettuceSalt PepperDon't mess around. Aren't you all smiles now that you've saved the Earth some water?And, "you're welcome."
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,8/18/2007,24,19,10,3,8>A new friend and I were sitting and drinking beers at a bar one day when, at an attempt to establish some common ground, I asked her what kind of boys she liked.  "I like outdoor boys," she declared.  She of the triathlon, spelunking and biking ilk-- I should have known.  "What kind of boys do you like, Jen?" "I like indoor boys."  We had a good laugh over that.  While we're not exactly similar (my brand is one of subversive crafts, weird foods, fancy cocktails and indie pop), our interests miraculously overlap in Whole Earth.I visited the store recently with a different outdoorsy friend (maybe I live vicariously through them) and while she oohed and aahed over different brands of athletic sandals, I was surprised to find a really great selection of quirky, girly shoes!  (Think Lisa Loeb, my high-school idol.)  I bought this really great pair of supercute, mod maryjanes from Spain and felt good about it, since they were natural and made of recycled materials.It's not exactly a "we are the world" moment, but Whole Earth really has something special going if I can reliably find gifts for friends that occupy both indoorsy and outdoorsy extremes.  (Too bad they don't sell boys.)
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,8/17/2007,43,56,2,5,2>Trying to figure out where to get my hair cut is actually how I came across yelp. Went to Joey at vain because of all the raving reviews just on her, and I'm glad I did. Joey is the first person to cut my hair that wasn't all that shocked at how thick it is--which was a relief b/c I think that's the root of my so-so haircut problems. I told her that I'm not too picky, I'd really just rather her do what she thought would look good since she's the pro. So while her cute and nice apprentice Rachael washed my hair, Joey found some pics in magazines and actually showed me what she was thinking about first (I was impressed already). She thinned out my hair incredibly; I swear she must have cut off a pound of hair. Anyways, what was kind of amusing and cool was while she was still mostly cutting the bulk out of it, she said she was going to try something else to show me because that's what my hair really wanted to do and it would be so "sassy".  Pretty much the result was incredible because she brought out the waviness in my hair, which has never been done and now I have a slightly longer that I was going for but incredibly different (for me) and sexy hair (although if I sleep with it wet I have some crazy punk-rocker hair).I liked Joey and her apprentice a lot. What cracked me up though was Joey said, "you know, even if somebody wanted your haircut, they couldn't. And that's what so cool about it." A personally tailored haircut for significantly under $100... Yes please! One more thing, I don't really know yet if it will be a "perfect grow-out" as someone said, but Joey told me I could let it grow out for up to four months and it should still look awesome. Made me think the people that say to get it cut ever 6-8 weeks are just hurting for business. I will definitely be back!Update:Sent my boyfriend to see Sara. I think it was his first haircut since I met him three years ago that actually looked good right after it was cut. Sent my sister to see Esther while she was in town, and she cut it shorter than my sister wanted, but I thought it looked good. Probably not as awesome as mine or my bf's though.9/29/07 -- received my 2nd 5-star haircut from Joey
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2007,8/16/2007,188,425,4,8,5>i have to agree with the previous yelper reviews.....that popcorn place is a piece of heaven.  i spent about 30 minutes yesterday, chatting it up with the owner mark.  what a wonderful guy!  i kept raving about his success and fantastic reviews online and in print (the austin monthly has a nice write up on them.)  he was quite pleased to hear the public enjoyed his popcorn.then i got bombarded with samples galore!  i can't even remember how many i tried....all of them handed to me with anticipation and a smile.  i had the hardest decision on deciding which flavors to purchase.  dill pickle, loaded potato and peanut butter and chocolate won out that day.  as my ass expands and my tummy gurgles with pleasure you bet i'll be back for more.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,8/15/2007,65,140,,4,6>J&J Barbeque -- hmm how to rate ??For barbque I thought it was good but not exceptional.The deal is it's not just a barbeque place.Mexican food --- ta da -- dang good --- really dang good.I know it's your first trip in, and you slipped into the parking lot because you saw the barbque sign.I did the same thing on a trip North or south headed to Austin.Had a passenger in the car going Oh Oh Barbque! Barbque!!Lets Stop.I guess I'm just ever eager to please (smirk) so I turned around and pulled in.When I saw the menue I said - if you want Barbeque go ahead, I'm having something else --I did try hers, and it was good, but for me the Mexican food put a smile on my face.Nice to have some choices when there's more than one along for the ride.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,8/14/2007,17,20,3,4,2>five little white stars with red boxes surrounding.  this gets thrown out there a lot as we wizz off our reviews the next day after visiting a place once.  sixth visit or so now, so they definitely deserve my praise.  the uni never disappoints while the sashimi, well......it slowly dissolves in your mouth with little resistance while taking your neglected taste buds on a bender.  that was as close to speachless as i could come up with.  yes, there is a wait.  there is a reason people wait to get in here.  our service has always been attentive while staying in the background.  sushi does the talking here.  even the rolls are served at the perfect temperature to make every flavor combine in your mouth at once.  so go upstairs and sit in the most comfortable bar stool ever created.  the wait is worth it.  oh, and the price is not bad.  drinks, apps, sake, sashimi, all under a bill for the lady and myself.  quite the bargain if you ask me.
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,8/13/2007,729,671,3,9,9>THANK YEW Toddy B for hooking up a house-music starved San Francisco girl with some proper beats while I was in town. Your buddies DJ Jesse and DJ Merrick were like a juicy glass of Napa Cabernet after a long spate of Lone Star (I love Lone Star and jam bands, please don't flame me!). The decor was smooth like butta as well and the bartenders were as down-to-earth as everyone I've met in Austin. I'll be back to smoke up your dance floor soon!!!!!
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,8/12/2007,21,2,11,3,6>Is it possible to have a gutgasm?It's been a couple of years since I've had the meatloaf sandwich here, and after one bite, I wanted to cry like I had just been freed from a Turkish prison. I dare say this sandwich represents freedom, but I don't want my politics to keep anyone from giving this sandwich a chance. I guarantee you will do the happy food dance after a couple of bites. Enjoy!
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2007,8/11/2007,85,4,2,6,5>Opal's been getting some bad press here, and my experiences there haven't always been good, but I thought I'd mention our latest experience, which was yesterday. We sat on the front porch, catching the (solar-powered!) New Orleans-style music, drinking beer and munching nachos. The food was better than I'd remembered, and the service was really stellar.  Guess they've been reading the reviews, and they're trying to do better.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,8/10/2007,9,8,6,7,4>Jackalope is kind of two bars in one.  The old Cucaracha that is now the Mooseknuckle(BARF), is  located on the back patio..sort of.  I mean, you will find people that used to frequent the Roach sitting outside in order to avoid the just newly twenty-one year olds that roam around inside the Jackalope, drinking Helldorados and tequilla shots.  Don't get me started on the food, because I could go on all day.  The first thing I ever ate there was a blackened chicken Caesar salad that was so friggin' good, it was the only thing I ate there for awhile.  I moved on to the Caesar salad burger(are you seeing the pattern?), and stuck with that to this day.  I've also tried bites of the awesome Frito burger, and you can't find waffle fries anywhere but here on 6th street.  My favorite feature of the Jackalope is the people that work there. There are definitely some strong personalities in there, and it's a great place to escape the vapid wasteland of shot bars and lame dance clubs that pepper sixth steet.  An oasis, if you will. I am biased because my best friend is a bartender, but everyone else there rules, down to the door guys, and up to and including owner Jason Burton who you can see wandering around making sure everyone's having a good time.  If you want someone to serve you up a shot of whiskey, (or my new favorite 3 Olives Grape Vodka with a 7up chaser) with a quickness, this is the bar to go to.  They don't mess around when it's shot taking time, and that always seems to be what I'm doing when I go in there before a rock show.  My only complaint about the Jackalope is that it's on 6th street, and that's not anyone's fault.Love,Corri
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,8/9/2007,16,16,2,4,3>I LOVE the fries here. They're handcut and slightly soggy and just perfect. They're my second favorite after Hyde Park Grill's fries. The burgers aren't that great, but are pretty good for fast food. And everything's all natural, which is a huge plus. And the chocolate milkshakes are to die for.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,8/8/2007,40,86,8,8,6>Sam is a genius. Will you spend much of your session hating him? Yes. At some point, will you swear you will not punish yourself ever again with another session with him? Yes. Will you wake up the next day like you had liposuction? Yes. I have been training with Sam at 24 Hour Fitness since 2004. I've watched other trainers at the gym  -- many tend to chit chat, many tend to take it easy. Sam does not. He stays on track, keeps you working, and all the while, is absolutely charming and hysterical. He's got a great personality. Also, he can handle my attitude -- and trust me, it's a lot to handle. If you put yourself under his training, you will definitely see results. I trust his advice and his training implicitly.
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,8/7/2007,70,461,5,4,5>Leave it to us slackers to be looking for breakfast at 2:35pm.  We missed the cutoff at the 1886, which is 2:30pm on Sundays.  D'oh.  The lunch menu selections felt a little limited, with a couple of soups, meat or veggie burger, salads, and pizza for the most part.  Burgers are around $10, and they will melt Brie on your cheeseburger if you ask for it.  The menu says this is the "1886 Burger" which makes me picture a dried up mummy of a burger, but fortunately, the burger looked wholesome and juicy.  The fries looked amazing, but I forgot to sneak one off my friend's plate.  I had the pizza which was also about $10.  It was on a grilled crust, no sauce but with tomato confit, sausage, cheese, and green onion.  While the pizza was good, it felt rather like a glorified Lean Cuisine; it's one of those crushing moments of defeat when I knew I picked the wrong thing.  Also, I kinda wish I had a slice of cake because their dessert list looked like cure for PMS or a curse on your diet, depending on what cramps yer style.The service was very affable and attentive, despite it being a packed house.  The cafe was full of families who were slightly dressed up when the rest of 6th St was hungover music people, which made me feel as if I went through a portal into a world where it's Mother's Day every Sunday.  We sat on the balcony which faces 6th Street.  And by "faces 6th St" I mean if some maniac walking down the street wanted to reach in and grab a french fry or spit on your food, it can be done fairly easily.  Also, the fancy horsey carriages park right at the curb in front of the hotel.  While I enjoyed looking at the pretty, pretty horses during our lazy lunch, I was also afraid they'd take some smelly, smelly dumps while they waited for fares.  Can horses be toilet trained?
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2007,8/6/2007,184,302,4,6,3>The best florist in town, bar none.  The staff is helpful, the selection is incredible, and their arrangements blow people away.Once you find these guys, you'll never buy flowers from anyone else again, unless you're cheap.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,8/5/2007,209,219,4,2,2>I understand that misting machines are a necessity, given the heat, but I can't help and picture those fat kids you see at amusement parks that have been standing in front of those misters for at least 15 minutes and are completely soaked and are always wearing  white shirts and you feel weird cause this ten year old kid has bigger breasts than you do.So, misting machines aside, Doc's is a completely harmless and pretty OK place.  It does have a really spacious patio area that is just far back enough off of Congress to make you think less fumes, and more fresh air.  I do like their interior bar area, with long communal tables.  But something abou the service made me feel rushed and unwanted, maybe I was, I hadn't showered that day, but you know...They have a decent beer selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable, beer-wise. Don't get their Margaritas: totally sour and weak, like that kid you picked on in the 3rd grade.  The food is typical barfare with one amazing and artery-clogging exception, Frito Pie.  Maybe I'm behind the times on this one, but these things are amazing!  fritos + chili+ cheese+ onions+ sour cream + lots of guilt = wonderful experience that makes you consider bulimia.  Though I view Frito Pie as a white trash wonderland, I have been informed that they are quite popular among the young Mexican descended children of New Mexico, and therefore not as white trash.  3.5 stars, thanks to the Frito Pie, my new lover.Just as an aside: Does anyone else remember those Frito commercials with the geeky girl that  gets some jalapeno fritos from some soul sisters then spins around and is suddenly wearing a purple sequins outfit and singing about how "nothing has the hots like fritos, jalapeno too"?
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,8/4/2007,734,876,3,3,4>This is a country club. I'm not really country club material, and I don't have other country clubs to compare it with, so based on overall country club newbie experience - I'm giving it a 3.5, rounding up since it doesn't have a lot of reviews to lean on just yet.  Stayed here for one week - of all the training facilities that work sends us out to, this one is the best. It's still 20 minutes away from downtown Austin, but not impossible to get to. The staff is awesome - great service. I would expect it from this type of place though.  Won't go into the details, but some time during the week, my friend and I got a golf cart ride and also a quick tour of some of the crazy ginormous homes nearby from the guys working out front. Just landscaping alone costs them on average $1M a year!?Beds are SUPER COMFY. And the grapefruit-scented toiletries are just divine. The gym is clean with TONS of machines. If only the one I go to in SF could compare... It just can't. Inside the locker room area, they've got a sauna, jacuzzi, and steam room. Where else was I going to wind down after a week of classes!? The steam room's a little nuts though. It starts abruptly - not so great when you just want to relax. The jacuzzi is great when there aren't 10-year old boys swimming around in it! This is in the women's locker room, mind you. So strange.We had a buffet for every meal. And when that happens, it means you are eating what you had for dinner last night for lunch the next day. The food was good for a few days though. By the end of the week, I was ready to eat out instead. There's also a bar near the lobby called Jim Bob's - severely overpriced, and they tack on a 21% service charge. At least the bartenders there are friendly. Slow, but friendly. Somewhere along the way, I lost my sunglasses in my own hotel room. Heard that a colleague was also missing something from her make-up bag, so I don't know if something fishy went down...  All aside, a fabulous time. Not to mention, one of the bartenders at the company-sponsored open bar/hospitality events was quite easy on the eyes.  *insert dreamy-eyed sigh*
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2007,8/3/2007,128,427,5,8,5>Located behind the Texas EXes Alumni center, next to a flowing waterway---er, Waller Creek---and encircled by trees, Texas EXpresso is a hidden gem on the UT campus. (And yes, all of the EXes are capitalized.) This place offers something a step up from campus food. Catering more to faculty and EXes, this little spot has grilled sandwiches, salads, breakfast sandwiches, pastries, and authentic gelato. Both the gelato and its creator, Matthew Lee of Teo, are award- winning (Austin Chronicle and Statesman). The Panino Caprese is pretty good, as are the breakfast sandwiches. Oh yes, and the espresso.Since this place is connected to the alumni center, you can lounge in their leather chairs while listening to an afternoon pianist, or eavesdrop on the conversations of Texas Exes elites. Either way, this pint-sized shop is the perfect stop on a hot day. Casual attire, credit cards accepted.Scrumptious.
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,8/1/2007,462,792,,6,7>this is the coolest place ever to just look around. they have everything from clothes, tack and regular hardware stuff to appliances right out of the 1940s but brand spanking new. they have absolutely positively everything under the sun and are so charming in helping you find it all. if you're going to the airport, you're going to drive right past it. leave a little early and take a look.it's a time machine trip to what austin was 50 years ago. check it out!
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,7/31/2007,152,219,5,6,5>Theres a lottta good stuff at Chez Zee, and for your reading pleasure, I present said stuff in list style:Drinks: The first on the list can't always be the best  The frozen mojitos are spotty; sometimes great with just enough mint and sugar, others showing obvious signs that the drink maker was just lazy and filled a glass with frozen margarita and threw a couple sprigs o mint in. Still, for $3.00 anything close to a mojito and I'm not complaining.Patio: Aah, the patio. It has an awesome crossbreze and even on 100 degree days feels great. In fact, it really needs to be above 85 to feel good on the patio. I almost always eat on the patio and so have more to say bout the outdoor ambiance than the indoor. Appetizers: Best in town, best prices in town, especially at Happy Hour (4-6). Do not leave without trying the gorgonzola pizza. The quesedillas are meh. Dinner: I don't eat dinner here too much because their apps are so good so I usually eat those. But all the meals I've had are good. I think they have a jalapeno pasta that rocks the house, in a very good way.Deesert: If you come to Chez Zee for no other reason, come for dessert and eat it on the patio late at night. Their desserts have a reputation for  a reason. If you like chocolate, you truly must look no further than Maida's Cake. The patio late night is like a little cafe in Paris. Not that I've been to Paris. But I can imagine, because I just saw Ratatouille...
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2007,7/30/2007,12,21,4,9,4>I feel the need to stick up for Tino's.Facts: 1. It resides in a strip mall.2. If you sit in the back you can smell the garbage. (so, don't sit in the back)3. Pretty yucky bathrooms. (so, go before you get there)BUT4. Great tzatziki.5. Good falafel.6. Yummy chicken & lamb.7. My favorite:  it's cheap.Bottom line: it's a cheap, fast lunch place in a city woefully in need of Greek food.Maybe I'll pick up something to-go tonight...
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,7/29/2007,24,169,3,9,5>Great Place to try out steaks cooked a different way.  This place is a Brazilian/Argentina steakhouse.  Great carnivore place, but a superb salad bar is present for the vegetarians in your crowd.  Different type of service, it is an all you can eat place (no doggie bags), where the main course come dancing by on huge skewers carried by Gauchos.  Smells of cooking meat and lots of it.  I like the house special picanha (tip roast). Other meats that come by like the picanha with garlic and the bacon wrapped chicken are very tasty and should be given a chance.  You indicate when you are ready for meat by turning over this little disk on your table.  Green for feed me and red for I'm going to explode.  When the gauchos starts cutting your portion, you are expected to take the ice thongs and grab the cut portion and allow him to cut off the remaining meat.  You put that on your plate quickly and grab the next one he has started cutting.  Not really able to choose a level of doneness (almost all medium rare), so it you like your steak more well done be sure to get it as it flies from the oven.  I did not mention much about the salad bar, but it has some very lovely items on it that you will not find at "soup'er salad".  Things like asparagus and "hearts of palm" are favorites of mine.  Artichoke hearts and baby mozzarella cheese are present and delicious.  They also have excellent mixed green salads and probably one of the best Cesar Salad you are going to find anywere.  I have not mentioned that there are some very tasty sides to distract you from the meat.  Everyone that I have taken here raves about the fried yucca.   Got that stuff growing all over my spread in Dripping but I never thought of eating it.  A fried banana and mashed potatoes round out the sides. The banana is a great change of pace and cleans the palate.  Potatoes are of the garlic variety and worth sampling.Oh and save room for the "papaya cream".  This is a Brazilian dish that is a mix of papaya and sweet cream.  Low in calories, I'm sure (NOT!), but so delicious, that you should not miss this.  So hang around a little longer and wait for room to try this dessert.Got to try some of the other desserts on my last trip.  The Creme Bruelee is awesome and the Molten Chocolate Cake with vanilla ice cream should not be missed.Price for Lunch is $19.95 and Dinner is $32.95.  Drinks are extra. Dessert extra.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,7/28/2007,84,289,5,5,5>5 out of 5 stars.6 out of 5 stars.17 out of 5 stars.A friend met the manager on the bus, who told him they were playing Dazed and Confused on the patio that evening. The manager told him to check it out, and he'd take care of him.All I needed to hear was Dazed and Confused, and I was there. But sure enough, we were taking care of. Reserved table, free drinks, free appetizers. A fantastic evening, born of a random conversation on the bus.For those of you not lucky enough to get the VIP treatment, it's a top notch place overall. Good food, good drinks, patio, roof top, fancy looking digs all around. Little fancier than my usual haunts, but not snobby or anything.
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,7/27/2007,7,4,11,12,11>Admittedly, I'm shocked to see only a single Yelp on this place - honestly, the reason that yelp.com is becoming so popular is for Austin's irrefutable love for being in the know, discovering that perfect little spot and lightly lording it over all one's friends.  Perhaps the mysterious lack of yelpings has to do with the almost requisite blood-alcohol-content one must have before following the path to drunchies heaven.But I digress.I love this place.  As an infrequent downtownist, there are certain institutions that I have come to lean on, both for quality and prices (Lovejoys is perpetually renewing the lease on my heart).  And almost no true night can be passed on the town without a final stop at Kebabalicious.Before even touching on the food, let me state that the guys who work at and own this place are AWESOME.  Back up: I didn't even start talking with them until after I was hooked (that I remember).  But imagine if you will, owning a business located not even a full block from the homeless shelter - would this not transform you into a raging prick (call me an asshole, but comethefuckonpeople!)?  These guys couldn't be nicer and they have worlds of patience for the psychotically drunk (not just talking about the homeless here, but realistically about 75% of their client base can barely walk).On to the food: sweet, sweet GAWD.  It all began with the beef/lamb kebab - I understand many of us fear the concept of meat-on-a-wheel, but fear not!  These guys are more inspired by the eurotrashy kebab school than the angry greasemonger in a mall.  And it shows!  The beef/lamb meat is moist, well-spiced and flavorful as fuuuuck.  You have the option of getting it mild or spicy, regular or king and you can even one-up yourself and get the spicy feta sauce to boot!The only foreseeable issue with the awesome facefuck that is the lambie sammie is this - it may inspire tunnel vision that could keep you from the other delights on their menu!  I will admit that I have only sampled one other item, which is the falafel - but it deserves maybe even more mention, for it stands out above any other falafel in this town (and as someone who is perpetually inspired by the film 'Party Girl' I've eaten the fuck out of some falafels).  The falafel patties are closer to green than the usually tannish yellow, possibly due to their freshness - I vaguely remember Chris, the proprietor stating it included fresh cilantro (and surely garlic, though I can't remember for sure) and you can really taste the difference.  You also get to customize the size and spice of course, as well as being able to choose from three different home-made hummuses.   I have no doubt that the chicken schwarma is also something to behold, but I cannot vouch for it personally.  A few closing notes, just to make sure you have all the information:-They now offer a hookah for rental, with the possibility of a food/drink/smoke package, though I'm hazy on the details (Damn you Lovejoys!  Just kidding, you know I love you, baby!).  I did finally get to take a few puffs off of it and found it quite refreshing and soothing under the watchful gaze of 3:30 am.  About 30 people a night (hyperbole alert!) walk by yelling out 'Hey, is that a bong?!' and one of the ever-patient kebabsters just smiles as if it was the first time that night someone asked.-This place has become an odd magnet to wandering artists, guys who start making something and say you don't have to pay unless you like it and when you quietly explain you just blew your literal last dime on kebabs, they still give it to you - I received a bizarrely indistinguishable-from-each-other three-person-portrait and a dragon sculpted out of foil!  Kind of annoying to some but I thought it was pretty kickass.To offer more specificity on their address, walk out the door of Lovejoys down Neches toward 7th and see it glimmering in the parking lot across the street from Mugshot's.Aren't you tired of eating pizza so nasty you would slap it out of your own face in sobriety?  Hit up Kebabalicious, I say.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,7/26/2007,5,19,4,4,4>The best home cooking since Mom!  Some may even be better, sorry Mom.  Fresh veggies!  I haven't eaten a bad dish here.  From the catfish, meat loaf, to the most awsome chicken fried steak, it's all made on site (even the gravy, mmmm gravy).  It is worth the drive.  Try it on your way home from the North Shore of Lake Travis.  It kinda has the "Mel's Dinner" appeal.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,7/25/2007,171,71,7,4,4>Husband: What the hell is gourmet backyard cuisine?Me: I dunno...Maybe gourmet BBQ?  Wanna go in?Husband: Ok, let's check the menu.A list of expensive lunch items.  Ok, whatever, we were hungry and driving around with this yearning in our stomachs but without a clue of what was going to satisfy those little bumps on our tongues (tastebuds).  We ended up at the Domain.  C'mon,  OG Austinites, you've read the  threads! Us Californians love a good modern condo; we just followed the light and tapped our ruby-colored heels together.  Destiny brought us to this outdoor mall that reminded us of our good times at the Grove in LA.  We walked and walked, enduring the heat and humidity that reminds me of my family vacas in Southeast Asia.  The arrival to this restaurant was a blessing.  We spent about 10 minutes decided on what we wanted and then the waiter came and offered us the special: Kobe Beef Meat Loaf, and I took the bait.  My husband wanted to try the Patty Melt.Waiter:No you don't.  It's ground meat you want?  You want the Meat Loaf, too.  In fact if it doesn't run out before I leave, I will have one, too.Husband: (Confused look) OKWaiter: Be right back with two meat loaves (walks away)Husband: He just basically said "What do you want to eat; No bitch, I'll tell you what you want to eat!"Funny and bizzarre!  Our food nazi came back and he was oh so right.  It was a light fare, which was the best part for me!  I didn't want something to weigh me down and conventional meatloaf would have. I mean  you would straight have to roll me across the floor to the parking lot.  It came accompanied with roasted veggies and two potato pancakes.  They were all to die for, even the veggies.  Even for small gourmet portions, I was filled up and couldn't finish my meal.  Their decor is beautiful.  They had about 4 tables busy for lunch (though this was in the middle of the week).  They are kind of tucked in the side of the Domain, so please walk past CPK and don't stop til you reach Jaspers!  And another thing!  Since it was a special, we thought we were going to have to pay like Winn-like fares, but it came out to 30 dollars total.  Great!Stop by here when you want to impress your chef friend or your in-laws or when your mom comes to visit and she is treating for lunch!
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2007,7/24/2007,344,274,5,4,4>If Garden Ridge Pottery, my high shool (Beaumont Westbrook), and a 55 gallon drum of mint chocolate chip (Blue Bell, of course) had a 3 way, Progress Coffee would be the resulting love child.Cool vibe, love the garage door, and like Jess, I have a crush on the cute girl behind the counter (although that damn boy keeps waiting on me... he's actually very cool but I don't fish that pond and I wanna chat with the coffee vixen).My coffee was ok, kinda strong (like VERY dark roasted) and I had to ask for a refill (I prefer the get-your-own style)... 1st one is free, $0.50 after that, but the line wasn't bad.  I'm here now for the first time and my biggest beef is that you have to ask the guy for the internet password in order to get on... and it took a little while to connect.  But Jessica pointed out (I just saw her outside) that the building owners insist that the tenants use their internet services and thus the password thing is not really Progress' fault and they probably can't really do anything about it.So yeah, my first cup of coffee was good, the people are cool, and it's a nice place.  I'll be back and you should add it to your list of coffee shops to check out at least once.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,7/23/2007,278,170,4,16,10>So let's say you need to make sub-continent Indian food and don't want to drive all over town looking for a hundred different  and previously unheard of ingredient, spice, etc. OR say you need King Fish or mutton and that almost sounds unreal and you start questioning how much food out there you really haven't tried. Well, ENTER Shahi.  And a regal entrance too.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't a fancy place by any means but I am a fan of efficient shopping. Also, it may not be in the most convenient of locations if you live in South Austin as I do.  Up until now, I have not regretted the drive to the ends of Lamar because Shahi has ALWAYS helped me find everything I needed under one roof.  Every single time I have cracked open an Indian/Pakistani or in some cases, even an African cookbook - Shahi has been able to deliver most of the ingredients.  It's not a gigantic store and some of the items are seasonal so make sure you have an iota of a clue as to what you are getting yourself into and if it is indeed available.  Because i'm a list maniac; here's why I HIGHLY endorse Shahi Foods. 1 - Good, clean, well-lit store with decently organized aisles.2 - Prices on MANY items beat out any other big stores that claim they carry everything. 3 - There's a butcher towards the back of the store that will cut your meat, poultry or fish to YOUR specifications and you can breath down the glass until they get it JUST right.  4 - The Bangladeshi owner will do his best to help you find what you need and yes, he speaks a modestly comprehensible English.5 - The fresh mint there is a helluva lot cheaper than the mint sold at Central Market or Whole Foods - you get more and it's cheaper - who can beat that? Guess that's point 2 all over again, but please heed the emphasis. 6 - If you are sick of Hollywood and want to jump continents, they have an area in the back lefttside with a decent selection of "Bollywood" Indian movies. 7 - And say you are walking around the store and you start getting thirsty considering all the various Indian food combinations you start mentally concocting - well, there is an area with cool beverages like Cold Yogurt drink and Brasilian Guarana Antarctica, coconut water, mango juice, vimto... you name it.  Why not try something new? 8 - Now that your thirst is quenched, say you need to finish off with a few vegetables.  Their vegetable selection is not great but if you need to throw in a couple of tomatos and onions, the selection will probably be enough to save you that extra trip to H-E-B or Sun Harvest.  I could probably go on but what use would I be if I ruined the fun aspect of exotic food shopping.  Now you know another place to go so that you can cook up a mean and exotic meal. And then you can tell your friends and family you discovered this particular herb or this cut of meat that makes a killer [fill in the blank].  Your cuisine is yours to conquer and Shahi will help you do just that without breaking your bank or killing the mileage on your car from roundabout shopping runs.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,7/22/2007,135,351,11,3,5>My first foray into the Green Mesquite was met with a waitress who sat down at my booth and declared, "I'm so hungover, I'm going to kill myself."Let it out, sister.And I've never, ever felt more comfortable at a BBQ joint in Austin.Food is full-on comfort with more fried food that you can shake a stick at, the BBQ Ribs are (albeit Texas-style) some of the best I've had in town, and the onion rings, lord jesus, the onion rings. If the onion rings were a person, we'd be all makin' out an' shit.Parking is tough on lunch hours, but never have had trouble finding a seat.. Lots of places to sit outside and dogs are welcome on the patio.And they remember you when you come back. TIP: Inside are tables with glass covering pics of staff and regulars, etc.,  and a fun thing to do is come with an old friend and slide in an embarrassing photo of them when they go to the bathroom. The one with my sister in her MC Hammer pants, training bra and headgear is still there, I believe.
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,7/21/2007,212,150,4,5,4>Did I hear someone say "deck"?I live right behind this place (no, not in the box by the dumpster, smart guy!), so this is sort of my "Regal Beagle".Except I don't have two female roomies, an annoying landlord, or creepy neighbor. Wait -- maybe I'm someone else's Larry! Ahem...But, Little Woodrow's is definitely a singlesy-minglesy kind of Larry/Chrissy/Mr.Furley hang out joint, where from any time after 5pm, the place is loaded with suits and skirts, looking to see who's looking. I try and avoid those times, because as hellish as that sounds (well, to me anyway; to each his/her own I say!), the off-times here are just right for my inner Mr. Roper to slide on down, get a big-ass beer, and watch the game. I might even call up a few friends, order a pizza, chat with the staff, and feel like I'm in a real, live, honest neighborhood bar.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,7/20/2007,10,8,12,4,3>longbranch is mint.  she is a crown, of which i soberly gaze at with michelin eyes.  that is, until i quaff like a million beverages in the last 25 minutes of the night and i pass out in the texas state cemetary, sweating, gnashing, crying and damning stephen f. austin and dead civil war soldiers.  i'll continue to visit until i get help. or until they tear it down and make 25 story lofts on top of it.  or offer valet service for the ones down the street.  whichever comes first.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,7/19/2007,132,692,7,7,7>Lucy in Disguise really is the best place for costumes in Austin.  Great for taking friends from out of town during a South Congress tour, or for passing the time while you wait to get a table at Vespaio.  The store can be filled with people, but it's also so filled with merchandise that you can't even tell- it's like you've got the store to yourself, all to convince your best friend to be a Chinese take-out box for Halloween.  The staff is well-humored and good at suggesting costumes for people, and they have a ton of costume jewelry that'd be good even in regular clothes to punch up an outfit.When I was little, I really thought the song DID say "Lucy in Disguise with Diamonds," and wondered... how would wearing diamonds help to disguise her?  They'd still know it was Lucy.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2007,7/18/2007,14,128,2,3,3>i take my coffee shops seriously as i often have to work from them. the staff at this place are exceedingly friendly. not the holier than thou hipster staff you sometimes get. there are plenty of electric outlets around the wall of the place. big happy windows and a wonderful covered patio. free wifi of course. at the end of the day you can have a frosty beer before you quit working. this place gets a thumbs up.
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/17/2007,324,543,4,6,6>Like, like, like it. Cute without being cutesy, if you know what I mean.+Atmosphere is hip without being in danger of being out next week. Lots of cubes and good fabrics, a curtain covered wall that can host a light show+Cute cocktail menu, inspired by their favorite musicians. Could be cheesy, but it's just self-aware enough that it works. Had the Bob Dylan and was only slightly disappointed by its candy-like flavor. Strawberry Fields Forever was more up my candy-drink alley.+Other drinks are decent (though my martini was a little heavy on the olive juice), and happy hour prices are nice ($1 surcharge on ALL credit cards, FYI)+Bartender was very friendly, eager to please-Could get very crowded, very fast -- it's so narrow-Flooding by the green room/women's bathroom -- could be really dangerous with a crowd-So narrow it's hard to find on the street, but as someone said, that mightn't be a bad thingTry it, you'll like it!
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2007,7/16/2007,0,0,17,7,9>Bacon-wrapped jumbo shrimp stuffed with cheese and jalapenos. "Puffy tacos." Cheese cups. Tequila con queso. Okay, I made that last one up, but still.Welcome to Texas.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/15/2007,177,577,5,6,4>*I-23*Ok, first of all, I'm not an old fart.  But, I just love going to a bingo hall and try to play for some moolah.  So, it's a comfort when coming to B-12 Bingo and seeing that there's a diverse pool of players.B-12 lets you play at cheap prices.  You can get 24 cards for 10 bucks!  However, let me say that you do not wanna play 24 cards by yourself.  I spent so much time on dabbing with my ink bottle that I wasn't paying attention if I was winning or not.  I was too busy trying to dab all the numbers before the next number was called.  Let me tell you...I was beeeeehind!People here are really friendly as they'll help you with numbers and explaining stuff that is going on in the bingo hall.  Plus, I also like that there's a non-smoking section and it's not a small tiny section.You can get food and drinks here to relax.  You can even buy ink bottles here.  Some people here have a whole box of ink bottles for themselves.  I guess they freak out when one of their ink bottles runs out.  So, it's nice to have back-ups. *shrugs**G-58*
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2007,7/14/2007,56,28,6,5,4>Disclaimer: I'm not a supertaster. It was only after puberty that I could tell the difference between Coke and Pepsi. I'm not a picky eater, so take this as you will. Also, this review is long, so eat and go to the bathroom before you start reading this.Intro====My coworkers and I make it a weekly ritual to go to Juan in Million every Monday during lunch. We'll also see other people from work there at the same time, too. In fact, there have been times where the lunch rush was sponsored by my company, which only means that there's a lot of loyalty to Juan.The owner=========Let's start off with the handshake. It doesn't matter who you are, if some energetic older gentleman comes by, greets you, and shakes your hand as if you've been friends forever, that's Juan. He's always grateful for your business. It's an experience.Chips and salsa=============On to the chips and salsa. I love their salsa because I can actually taste the kick to it, and I have a very high tolerance for heat. (That comes not from me being any sort of tough guy, but rather a combination of my race and a traumatic restaurant event when I was a teenager involving hot sauce and hubris). Their chips are the thicker kind too, which I prefer over the break-just-by-picking-them-up thinner variety.Service======Chapter four: the service. Most of the time, it's very good. We've found that there's one person who's new and seems to be a bit slower. It's ok, and I'm sure that this unidentified person of unnamed gender will get better. Occasionally they'll get our orders wrong, but it's usually something small (cheese on something we didn't order cheese on), and it's rare.Iced tea guy=========Oh, I forgot I should mention the iced tea guy. There's a guy that goes around and brings out the iced tea or water, as well as doing the refills. Once my roommate and I went there, and she wanted an extra glass of water. He didn't understand, and that was the first time I realized in the years that I had gone there that he barely spoke English; so my roommate busted out the Spanish and he understood.Food====And finally, we get to the food. I like their food. However,I have a friend who shall remain nameless (let's call him RJHMTS), who told me their food sucks. I took issue with him on that, and it ended up that he only tried the enchiladas. The Don Juan is very greasy and is classified as a heart attack wrapped in a tortilla and sprinkled with cheese, but it's pretty good and *very cheap*. Order it with two extra tortilas, because it's like a pound of potatoes and eggs with a tortilla hidden somewhere underneath. RJHMTS does order the migas breakfast tacos, so those are definitely worth a try. The chicken fajitas, in my opinion, are better than the enchiladas.Decor=====The place also has some interesting decorations. Juan used to have this Wall of Fame where he had records for how many Don Juans a person could eat in a sitting. Unfortunately, I haven't seen it lately, but the champ was a tiny Asian guy (think hot dog eating contest) who ate 7+ Don Juans. He also has signed pictures with Rep. Lloyd Doggett, Sen. John Cornyn, and "Grandma" Carole Keeton Strayhorn-Rylander-McClellan-Nahasapeemapetilon behind the cash register.
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,7/13/2007,724,628,6,3,8>Back when I was in grad school, more moons ago than I care to admit, I lived in a big Victorian house with six friends that was walking distance from this Amy's.  We'd wander over here for a study break, soak up the enthusiasm and energy of the servers, turn our blood sugar up a few notches, and wander back on home, happy as can be.My parents visited me at one point and stayed at a B&B just down the street.  I introduced them to Mexican vanilla with strawberries, and after that, they came here twice a day, every day, the entire time they were here (see where I get my obsession with food?).In addition to their staples like Mexican vanilla and dark chocolate, Amy's also has a rotating line of seasonal/creative/downright weird-ass flavors, like Shiner Bock, Thin Mints, Root Beer Float, Turkish Coffee...you get the idea.  If you're wanting something a little lighter, they also carry a varying (small) selection of fruit ices, my favorite of which is grapefruit.Tastes are free, so be sure to at least check out some of the weird flavors before settling on what you want.I've heard, but have never confirmed (although I routinely tell the story as if it's been confirmed), that the application to work here consists of a brown paper bag, which you're supposed to decorate.  That would account for the very creative and lively personalities of their employees.Support Local Businesses - eat Amy's Ice Cream!
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,7/12/2007,150,65,5,7,2>I have mixed feelings about Zen, but I keep going there because there's no other place like it.The Scoop on the Bowls:I generally get the sushi rather than one of the bowls. That's because while the bowls are pretty tasty, they seem kind of unbalanced.  Not that I'm doing Atkins or anything, but the starch is way out of proportion to the amount of meat you get - an enormous bowl of rice with a veggie-meat garnish.  This isn't the 90s when we thought eating a ton of  "complex carbohydrates" and not too much meat was the way to health.  And Zen is trying to bill itself as a health food joint.The Dish on the Fish:The sushi isn't bad.  Basically it's a step up from grocery store sushi, and it has the advantage of being the best raw fish I can afford on any regular basis.  However, they need to have more than 2 kinds of fish - tuna and salmon.  The sashimi salad is fantastic except it needs something else in it to make it stick to the ribs a little better - more tuna?  Sesame seeds?  I like the philly rolls and the firecracker rolls, too.Danger Will Robinson:The one thing I will not eat (other than dishes with mushrooms - yuck) is the SoCo Hot and Sour soup.  It's not because I hate the name (which I do - "SoCo"?  Give me a break.  Ten years ago, South Congress was lined with hookers, not trendy boutiques.).  It's because my roomate ordered it a few months ago and got food poisoning from it.  And I spent the next 24 hours periodically popping up to his room to bring him ginger ale and ice chips, while simultaneously worrying that he was going to waste away.  Yes it was probably a fluke, I doubt they usually have this problem, but...they clearly need some better food handling procedures.Repeat: MonthlyEven so, I have an alarm my phone that goes off once a month to remind me that it's Third Thursday, which is 30% off day...I have a student id somewhere.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,7/10/2007,58,162,5,3,5>Here is a true dive of broken dreams a false celebration, where crazy bling of Santa Clause and merry elves adorn the door the ceiling and any place where a bar stool is not.    Lighting is dingy and the people are somewhat removed from the more trendy hub bub that continues to devour downtown. I can be miserable here like no other place and find satisfaction in doing so, like the day after Christmas in a dysfunctional family where the presents are torn open and toys have been flung around the room by loud screaming children and everyone is either passed out in another room, singing, or confessing themselves just a little too much. My favorite drink here is the Bloody Mary, which they always make from scratch using no mixer.  Indeed if you think of the Christian origins of Christmas and the birth of Jesus, then a bloody Mary is all too blasphemously appropriate.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2007,7/8/2007,47,10,,6,4>If you've had Aster's take-out which has been available at Wheatsville, Whole Foods and Central Market for a few years, you'll have a rough idea of what awaits you at the restaurant, except there are plenty of meat options and everything is fresh (which makes a big difference for the injera in my opinion - that spongy, tart, crepe-like bread that doubles as an eating utensil.)  I can't compare it to Aster's restaurant from 10 years ago, as I didn't eat there back then.There's a fenced and roofed porch area to the side with a number of booths and larger tables further in the back which I find a tad noisy with all the I-35 traffic going by just outside.  Inside it's more peaceful with about a dozen tables (the hourglass-shape wicker tables appear to have been phased out since their initial weeks of operation - I suppose nobody was going for the Ethiopian folklore experience of eating a meal hunched around one of those.)When I went on opening day, I shared a large double-serving of the vegetarian combo platter with three friends and was very happy with everything.  The wait staff was attentive and forthcoming.The service and quality of the food were for the most part great on subsequent visits as well (Ethiopian is my second-favorite cuisine, so I'm on my way of becoming a frequent flier there.)  Omnivore friends of mine were very pleased with their chicken and beef dishes (the one or two lamb dishes haven't drawn favorable mentions yet.)  I like the Ethiopian spiced hot tea, even though I miss being able to order tej (Ethiopian mead) as I tend to when eating Ethiopian in New York City.They ought to pass out steaming hot wash cloths to clean ones hands with, as is common in good sushi restaurants.  `Keep forgetting to suggest that to them.I'm so very glad that Austin has an Ethiopian restaurant once again.  The more African food (and there hardly was any to begin with,) the merrier!
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,7/7/2007,253,502,4,4,4>I love, love, love the Four Seasons Lobby Lounge. It's comfortable, the drinks are really well made (raspberry mojito, yum!) and you get free bar snacks that are way more than just a bowl of peanuts. Some of the best times I've had in Austin were in this place. It's a place to go to celebrate, to star gaze, to people watch, or to watch the bats in the summer with a drink in your hand and air conditioning on your neck. Being here on a Saturday night in the summer when people have just had a wedding is some of the best people watching in the whole world. And so is just hanging out here during SXSW later in the evening to watch all of the A&R people hob-nob and schmooze. The list of celebrity sightings I've had in this joint reads like a list of who's who (and used to be who) in Hollywood. Dabney Coleman once asked me if he could use my extra chair! I should have told him he was excellent in The Muppet's Take Manhattan, what a missed opportunity. Le sigh.In addition, this is a great place to go celebrate, whether it be a new job, achieving remission from cancer, or celebrating an engagement, the lounge-like atmosphere, stellar service, great bar menu and amazing floral arrangements make the Four Seasons one of my favorite places in Austin.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,7/6/2007,9,13,3,2,5>The Rebirth of the Inner Child! Believe it. Just when life wants to put us on a path to grow up, in steps Toy Joy to reconnect us with that lost innocence of childhood. Now Toy Joy is not a place I would actively seek out, but I had promised my little girl that I would buy her stickers. I happened to be on Guadalupe when I saw the freakish looking place on the corner. Don't let the outside deceive you. When my little girl and I walked in, I don't know who was more excited to be there. After the many "only one" responses, we settled on a set of stickers and a glow in the dark pig (which by the way cost $2.95). I flinched at the price, but it made it all worth it when I put it between my hands and it started to glow.So in the end:    -Stickers:  $4.95   -A glow in the dark pig:  $2.95   -Both dad and his little girl happy:  PRICELESS!
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,7/5/2007,43,34,10,8,8>Cops eat there. 'Nuf Said.  Cops spend a lot of time about town. They know where the real good food is hiding. I'm even thinking about my new reality show, "Cops: Dining On the Job!"  We're still searching for a tough-guy-voice for the promo.In the meantime, get your butt up to Reale's and eat some superb Italian food in an honest to goodness family-owned eatery.But first,  A word of warning: The pasta fagioli, while delicious, tastes slightly different every time you go. But, that is because they actually cook it everyday! Hah! What buffoons. Geez, they apparently don't know you can mass produce food to taste blandly identical every time you eat it anywhere from Albuquerque to Albania. Hahaha, the joke is on them! Try it.Oh, man. It is a day for warnings:If you die without eating their pizza - you may be sent back to Earth with  "unfinished business".  You've been warned. I swear.One more:Do NOT order the extra delicious Chicken Cacciatore on a job interview lunch.  I've seen it. It's not pretty. But the dish looked dang tasty.Do try the subs if you don't feel like pasta. Magnifique!Thdo-it.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,7/4/2007,462,751,5,4,4>So, check it out ... The Waxing Studio is one of the few spots in Austin that does exactly what it says it does and does it very well.Yay for hair removal!!! The ambiance is great - smells great, decorated well - makes you feel at ease immediately.If you are at all apprehensive about getting some waxing done, this is the place to go. Their staff - Jodi and Maren especially - put you at ease immediately. You can ask as many questions as you like and they patiently answer all of them and make product recommendations at the end of the treatment, without being pushy.Warning About Waxing The Girlie Bits: Once you pop it, you can't stop it. Heh. You will start with a Bikini, then you will work your way up to Playboy and next thing you know - it's Full Brazilian. Seriously, getting a wax is like getting a tattoo - it's totally hard to just do it once.
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,7/3/2007,664,120,34,18,21>I'll tell you a true story about Jerry's Artarama.You know the Johnny Cash picture of  him flipping the bird?Well, I won one for like $3 once on eBay. I took it in to them and said, "play with mattes. Play with the framing. Just play with it and see what we come up with."In the meantime, this older woman (say 55 to 60) comes in and unfurls what we all presume to be her grandkids' fingerpaintings. I mean, really, lady. They're just like every other kid's work. Give me a break.And, the lady is super cranky with the Artaramaists. Everything is too expensive. Everything is just not quite the right shade. The look of pain on her artaramist versus mine's look of glee was the dichetomy of man at $10 an hour.Eventually, the lady decides that none of it is right for the fingerpaintings. She does, however, have a few other things she has been thinking about getting framed, and plops out 4 original Dr. Seuss prints. All. Of. Our. Jaws. Dropped. Johnny Cash never looked so uncool. I mean, ever.The lady eventually ended up dropping close to a grand getting them framed. Which I highly recommend if you're sitting on some one of a kind prints.Oh, and my Johnny Cash looks effing great. One more thing, they told me it would be done in two weeks. There was absolutely no hurry. It took two weeks and a day, so they gave me a 10 percent off coupon on my next framing job without me even asking for it.I got a BBQ Festival poster framed for my kitchen with the discount. It, too, looks freaking great.Oops, Jaye just reminded me. The best thing about that Johnny Cash poster is that her dog would sit in the floor of my room and bark at it incessantly. I mean, why would a black dog hate the Man in Black?I'd also point out that it's great for drawing the ire of your parentals on their visits to your house.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,7/2/2007,41,25,14,5,6>Here's the deal on Barton Springs from the perspective of someone who only goes on hot weekend days in July and August:  It is butt-ass hot out when you're laying on the hill in the sun, and breath-takingly cold when you jump in the water.  If you try to read (which is what I tend to do because I listen to my friends talk every fucking day and sitting alone with my thoughts takes up about 5 minutes), the sweat will build up all over your body and start to drip down your scalp and onto your face.  And I'm not talking about beads of sweat.  I'm talking about rivers of salty perspiration running onto your sunglasses, down your chin, and into little droplets on your book.  You let this happen until you can no longer take it, and then you turn over onto your back.  You try to hold your book up in the air so you can read it, but it's not long before your arm gets tired.  So you prop yourself up on your elbows and hold the book to your side while you read.  But then you get distracted by the sweat, which is now creating a nice sized pool in your belly button (the 'outies' out there probably won't be able to relate, but what the fuck do I care about some freak whose parents didn't have the sense to cut off their umbilical cord all the way?).  So you get up, walk down to the spring, and jump into the COLD water.  And I know people will tell you that all you have to do is swim around for a bit and it'll warm up, but who do I look like?  Matt Biondi?  So you get out, walk up to your spot, and repeat.So why would I give this place 4 stars?  Boobs.I shit you not - more often than not, when you go there, some girl on the hill will take her top off.  And to all the people who say "but they're not the kind of boobs you want to look at", all I can say is that I feel sorry for you.  The day that I am not the least bit intrigued to see a naked breast is the day I no longer care to be on this earth.  It's worth 3 stars all by itself.
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2007,7/1/2007,246,167,5,10,6>Ok, upfront disclaimer (in case you didn't know or didn't find this on my list of "Places I Have Worked, and thus, are now Legend.",) I used to work here....Working here, though a brief experience, was a great one.  Eating here is just as good.  The Cuban food here is so good, and so real, they made us sign a non-disclosure agreement regarding recipes.  Really.  They all come from the kitchen of the Cuban owner's Mom.  The service staff, in my opinion, lack a little in the way of expertise, with a few notable exceptions like Zach.  However, no one here is lacking in enthusiasm or love for their product.  It shows in the food and the beverages.  Trust me when I tell you this is how Mojito's are supposed to be made, they're fantastic.  Always go with the best dark aged rum you can get, the owner will recommend Barbancourt or Methuselem, and the staff will hand craft them perfectly every time.  The food is to die for, and might kill you, it's not health food, but you'll go with a smile on your face.  My personal recommendations are the Ropa Viejo (meaning Old Clothes but certainly not tasting like them) or the Traditional Cuban Sandwich, slow roasted pork (it takes 24 hours) ham and swiss with pickles and mustard on pressed Cuban bread.  Eat half that sandwich hot, then take the other half home, put it in the fridge, and eat it for a midnight snack.  Swear to God, it might be better cold out of the fridge than fresh, but either way it'll knock your socks off.  No matter how old they are.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2007,6/30/2007,21,22,5,8,4>If I was a T-Mobile customer, Maru would be in my "Fave 5" of Austin sushi restaurants.  Come here for a friendly waitstaff, generous portions, and very reasonable prices.  The other highly rated sushi place that everyone loves sure is tasty, but if you want to get away from the ridiculous waitlists, pretentious atmosphere, and prices that stretch your wallet goatse.cx style, give Maru a try.   I've been twice, and both times came away stuffed, happy, and not as broke.Thumbs up:*  age tofu -- tofu fried in an interesting batter made from some sort of gelatin*  calimari tempura -- monstrous squid tentacles fried in the same aforementioned batter *  seafood salad -- lots of pieces of assorted fish on a bed of mixed salad greens.  the dressing has a spicy kick to it too***  BYOB.   'nuff said.  Thumbs to the side:*  most of their specialty rolls  -- they're usually covered with too much of that sweet sauce that drowns out the fish *  toro isn't as fresh as Uchi's, but passable.Thumbs down:*  they  were so busy during my last Thursday visit that they ran out of rice.  *  limited parking spots in their little strip mall.  you might have to park on one of the neighborhood side streets behind the place.Random stuff:-  Apparently, the head sushi chef (owner) used to teach art in San Diego so that explains the eclectic paintings throughout the restaurant.    -  Tip:  their fresh fish deliveries come in on Mondays and Thursdays, and the crowds will reflect it on those nights.   The waiter told me that a lot of the good stuff is typically gone by Saturday night.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/29/2007,392,291,8,2,2>This place doesn't have many reviews so I'm assuming it's not very popular or people are just afraid to go near a bar that has a sign outside of a dog humping a woman's leg.  I stumbled in here one night with the same person who dragged me into Coyote Ugly.  On this certain night, some fraternity/sorority were having a mud wrestling contest and my friend wanted to enter.  Well, my friend is from my hometown.  She's a country girl.  She rides in rodeos and wrestles steers and has two older brothers who should have really toughened her up.  I figured she is going to tear some girl's ass up. I was standing next to the pool when the wrestling commenced.  Another friend was standing next to me.  He's a cowboy type who has enough starch in his shirt and jeans that they could stand up on their own.  It wasn't two seconds into the bout that my friend was slung around the ring and thrown into the side we were standing.  A wave of mud came over the side of the pool and splattered everyone standing within ten feet.  My white shirt now had brown streaks down it.  Mud was all in my hair and my beer.  I drank it anyway.  My friend had enough starch on his clothes that the mud didn't phase him.  Our friend got pinned.  I was pretty disappointed.  For the rest of the night, everywhere we'd go, I'd see people with brown streaks down their shirts and I'd make it a point to let everyone know we were at a mud wrestling event.  I didn't want anyone to think we were trying to make a fashion statement.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2006,6/28/2007,81,68,5,3,2>A Mexican Wal-Mart.  This place is fantastic if you are cooking a certain dish (like menudo) because it has all the weird stuff that goes in it. (like cow intestine. YUM!) But, if you are a  girl, be ready to be molested by eyes. I felt so uncomfortable in here, I forgot half the grocery list. Now I just go with the man. The prices here are fairly reasonable too, like Wal-mart, minus the world-domination-corporation thing they have going on.
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,6/27/2007,0,12,17,5,8>How can you give Tamale House anything less than the full 5 stars? If you give Tamale House anything less, then you and I are AT WAR!Do you not like good things? Would you rather eat bad things? If this isn't great what is? Some kind of fancy sit down place where everything costs $50. That's better?!!! Now you're just making me madder!When I eat Tamale House food it tastes good in my mouth. Then when it gets into my system it makes me feel all high, like DRUGS! It's better than most drugs and it's like $3.You walk in that place and there's like 8 ladies in there working. It's the cleanest 100 square feet in Austin, the food is fresh.The salsa is so good it makes me want to cry. Just thinking about how crisp and firm the tortillas in the migas are makes me want to stand up and PUMP MY FIST. This is what civilization has been progressing towards! How can you be so blind?When you unwrap the tortillas they're all hot and steamy and fresh. The guacamole is like no other guacamole. Everything's just a little bit different and better.The only bad thing about it is that they close at 3pm. That's weird, cause they could do so much better, business-wise. But am I going to take away a star that those ladies worked and slaved for with their COMMITMENT TO EXCELLENCE? No, I'm not going to do that. If I could give Tamale House 7 stars I would do it.And don't think that just because I've blown off some steam that we're not at war anymore because we totally are, sub 5 raters. WAR! I'm a War Guy!
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,6/26/2007,143,315,1,14,4>I've got 3 words for you:  Gauchos! Gauchos! Gauchos!Estancia is Austin's first Brazilian-style churrascaria restaurant. It's nestled away next to a relatively new Holiday Inn Express along 290 West between Westgate and Brodie Ln.Now.. you may be asking - what the heck is a churrascaria restaurant? It's a brazilian-style steakhouse where gauchos (something like brazilian cowboys) come right to your table with various kinds of meat speared on knives, swords or skewers. The meats include beef, pork, filet mignon, lamb, chicken, sausage, etc.  You may have heard of Fogo de Chao, perhaps?Oh yeah... did I mention it's all you can eat? Oh yes!Ok - aside from the meat on a sword  (which is reason enough to be there) - there's also a pretty excellent salad bar featuring  hearts of palm, artichokes, asparagus, fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, varied greens, olives, waldorf salad, chimichurri-like salsa, etc...  Yes indeed - not your regular salad bar, kids.This location has only been open a few weeks, but they are already doing pretty good business - even with the slightly hidden-away location. Dinner cost is $25 for the all-you-can-eat experience, desserts extra. As of this review they were still waiting on alcohol serving clearances - so call ahead to check, but think about bringing your own bottle of wine.So... on to the review. For the most part, this is not quite Fogo de Chao - which may be the de facto comparison for most people. Not as huge, not as varied, but the folks at Estancia are doing a damn fine job of things.  The salad bar features about 20 items - I'm a big fan of fresh mozerella and sun dried tomatoes so I was happy with the selections.  The meal also included some tasty mashed potatoes, yucca fries (or was it plantains?), and cooked bananas (cant remember the right name for this). I may still be hazy due to the meat induced coma.So tell me about the meat already!  My dining partner and I tried most everything that the gauchos brought by - including top sirloin, filet mignon, chicken leg, chicken breast wrapped in bacon, filet mignon wrappd in bacon, lamb shoulder, sausage and pork ribs.  I think the pork ribs wowed me the most followed by the top sirloin. Well, ok - it was all damn tasty - except for the sausage, which tasted a bit too breakfast sausage-y for me.  Next time I know where to focus my energies.So at this point I'm hovering at a solid 4 stars, but the service totally kicked it up to 5.  My ice tea glass was never less than half full and the staff checked in frequently to see if we needed clean plates or if we wanted a specific meat from the kitchen.  I think they are working hard to impress customers and keep them coming back for more.As with other meat-oriented buffets (like the Salt Lick or County Line) one strategy might be to skip the salad bar and sides - sticking only to the meats at hand. But I'd suggest doing at least one round at the salad bar to get a few items to cleanse your palette between the waves of meat.Grab a carnivore date and check this place out. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,6/25/2007,84,133,5,4,3>I guess that I'm not the only one that likes Sao Paulo's during happy happy ( In fact, David M eats and drinks the same stuff as I do at Sao Paulos).  Their frozen margaritas are $2.50 during happy hour which runs from 2PM-7PM Monday thru Fridays.   The food at Sao Paulos is a fusion of Tex-Mex and Brasilian.I basically  just go to Sao Paulos during Happy Hour and drink their cheap frozen margaritas and eat their chips and queso ( which the menu describes as melted cheese infused with tomatoes and spicy chilies, served with fried chips).   We get the queso with extra ground beef & then we dump in some of the spicy salsa.   Their chips are great; light, crispy and fluffy.  They sometimes run out of drink glasses during happy hour so you might want to bring your own drink glasses.Sao Paulos generally  has a band  playing on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. There is a band called the Crying Monkey's that plays there a lot; they play choro which is a brasilian jazz (i guess).If you like really sweet lemony drinks then you should try a Brasilian drink called caiprinha.  It is made with sugar cane brandy, lime slices, and a tbs of sugar.  it is kinda strong so go easy on it.  I've heard that you go blind if you drink 2 of them; I have problems seeing out of my left eye but I am not sure if the caiprenhas caused that or not.   Unfortunately there is no deal on caiprinhas ($6) during happy hour so I generally stick to the margaritas.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/24/2007,474,618,2,3,5>Went here for lunch today and had the mozzeralla panini. It was so good and filling! And the bread was so buttery. When I have gone in the past, I have had the pizza which is also good. My very favorite thing on the menu is the shells stuffed with meat, spinach and cheese. (Can't remember the name of the dish, but it is great!) The bf had the calamari panini and was unimpressed, so was I when I tasted it. They also have some great desserts and wines.  I'm kind of a sucker for quaint restaurants. If I were in an old black and white movie, I would meet my boyfriend at Enoteca on a cold and rainy night, throw my scarf and coat over the back of the barstool, cozy up to the bar, get a bottle of red wine, a cheese plate and a serving of tiramisu; all while we watched the rain fall outside the windows.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2007,6/23/2007,310,185,6,6,7>If they bring it to your table, in my book it's not barbecue.I want to go up to a small window, order from a guy with a smoke-stained apron who reaches back, opens a lid on what looks like a cross between a small locomotive and an aging oil furnace and stabs a slab of cow to slice off MY brisket, onto a piece of butcher paper alongside some pickles and onions and good old white bread.  That's barbecue.  Especially if you throw in a link or two of Elgin Sausage and a half rack of beef ribs.Iron Works is way better than an in-city barbecue joint literally in the shadow of a convention center needs to be.  It's also totally lacking in pretense, features a big ol' ice tub of Lonestar long necks on the way to the register and a tree-shaded porch overlooking what may one day be scenic Waller Creek.It has much to recommend it, the brisket (best early in the evening or afternoon) good sausage, and amazing Flintstone-like racks of beef ribs.  It had the usual passel of appropriate sides, and a sauce that hits the right note between tomatoey and vinegary, without being too spicy for the newbies.  The building is actually the old Weigl Iron Works, a metal fabricating shop that has been on the site long enough to have outlasted the flood of 1935, and has the prerequisite "we haven't dusted anything in years" look of authenticity.  People come into my pub and  ask me all the time "what's the best barbecue in Austin?"  Now  Austin has more barbecue joints than some cities have burger palaces but a lot of them seem to aspire to mediocrity.  What I usually  I tell them is the best barbecue in Austin is 24 miles outside of Austin in Driftwood (see reviews of the Salt Lick), but if you're staying in the city, Iron Works is IT.   They have  been smoking meats since 1978--they must be doing something right.After I leave, on the way home, even after I've eaten too much, I'm usually thinking about more--it's like BBQ crack....
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2007,6/22/2007,50,82,6,3,5>This is food as art, entertainment, and mind altering substance. I've eaten East and West coast sushi, as well as in Hawaii. I still might put the omakase at Nobu(NYC) slightly ahead of this, but it's like comparing Van Gogh and Gauguin. That's probably a stretch, but we're talking about two masters taking some serious skill a bit South of ordinary to brilliant result.  It's a matter of taste, and you're bound to win in both cases.There are numerous gripes on Yelp about the prices. It seems clear that this is not "The People's" sushi place nor does Uchi bill itself as such. I would not hold your Anarcho-Syndicalist Radical of the Year awards ceremony here. Many villages could eat on what it costs to fly these amazing fish in every day. I look at this food as art, culture, and so damn good that I happily use my "Get out of Western Excess Guilt Free(GOOWEGF)" card here.Here's the tip of the day, but I'll regret it if you take my favorite seat at the bar: There are always some excellent happy hour specials. My practice is to sit at the bar early to enjoy some soup, edamame, a box cup of unfiltered sake, and a few nigiri pieces (1 tuna, 1 salmon, and 1 of whatever the chef recommends.) I get out for about $25, satisfied and oblivious to whatever trivial stress prompted me to unplug and head there in the first place.Beyond the thrifty plan is a vast gustatory playground to be savored. I happily forgo a year of cable TV for a few full-on visits to Uchi. Get there early or be famous, because you will wait for a table on a weekend night.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,6/20/2007,14,76,2,4,4>The food at Wink is far superior to most places in town.  The interior, though, wasn't what I was expecting - it was neither modern nor traditional, sort of an odd in-between. Also, the tables are uncomfortably close - so much so, I was frightened of getting up and making my way to the restroom. I don't know how anyone with a booty to speak of can squeeze through the tables without brushing against someones meal. Maybe they only want stick-thin people to eat here? Hmm.Onto the food - which is unbelieveable. I started with an amazing salad with pecans and cider dressing, had a fish that I'd never heard of before that was cooked to perfection for my entree, and the chevre cheesecake for dessert. The cheesecake was incredible - perfect texture, flavor and presentation. We skipped wine, not really big on the alcohol.A place worth visiting for a nice meal. My only complaint is that the interior doesn't match the consideration, finesse, or artfulness of the food. The Wink Wine Bar is incredible - the best appetizers I've ever had.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,6/19/2007,41,22,7,8,2>Clementine is my baby - good coffee, nice staff, excellent ambiance, and I, for one, love the music.  BUT, a word of warning for the impending summer - I don't know if it's the windows, or if they don't have A/C, or if they're just chintzy with it, but this place gets a little roasting in the summer months.  It's hard to focus on working (or eavesdropping) when you are stuck to your vinyl chair.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,6/18/2007,242,141,2,4,3>Eeep-Opp-Ork-Ah-Ah. You may not think you need a Thingamagoop, but in the end, you will want one!What is it? It's an anthropomorphic analog synthesizer/noise box. An irresistible plaything. Check out the A/V file on the website and see it for yourself.Lots of doohickies and knobs to flip and turn. It's light sensitive and has a bendable antenna with a flashing LED light on it. When you change the knob settings, turn it toward ambient light, bend the antenna toward the light sensor, or walk around with it, the frequencies of its oscillators change, producing audible tones and noises.I gave one to my husband for his 37th birthday this weekend. He likes it! I think. It was also a big hit with our kids -- and you just haven't lived until you've seen two toddlers dancing with a Thingamagoop.Put down that air guitar and pick up a Thingamagoop! It has a 1/4 inch output jack for more interesting fun.Space noise lovers rejoice! (Um, Marvin the Martian just called and wants his Illudium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator back).It will be the life of your party (and probably stolen). You're going to wonder how you lived so long without one!Available through website only. Accessories sold separately. Batteries not included.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2007,6/17/2007,26,1,4,5,3>219!!!when i hear the # 219, i can't help but get up and raise some cain. when you're at happy hour there, the manager sometimes comes up to your table behind your friend. he rocks. i think he has a moustache. one time we brought 20 people to lunch here, and the manager was kinda freaking out (think it's usually slow for lunch). but then they regained their composure, and i ordered the quesadillas (add chicken). one by one, everyone else at my table received their mini-burgers, big burgers, huge lettuce salads with no cheese (i wouldn't advise vegans eat here), and whatnot. my meal was one of the last 2 served. so i wouldn't advise you bring your 20 closest compadres for lunch here.however, IMO that's not 219's strength. for me, the killer feature of this establishment has to be the tuesday night happy hour. 1/2 price appetizers and $1 miller lites. we watery beer drinkers have encountered our oasis. best bets are the shallot fries and the calamari-type schtuff. and you get 4 lil burgs. the bartenders are class acts. the waitresses wear black.that's the fact, julie.happy hr: ylunch: nand we say....3.5 stars (but no half stars here). cannot give 4. so it's 3.
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2007,6/16/2007,2077,1403,5,7,5>Ahh De Ville, where I've likely financed someone's college education or rehab.  It's a funny animal:  intimate, intentionally dismal lighting inside, cruddy school chairs, tables and rock (rawk?) facade outside.  De Ville is an experience that tends to breed repeat offenses.  It's a great scene, and it's not entirely unusual for bands who finish tour sets at Stubb's to stop in after the show.  Others are right, the service can be, um, "challenging," and I'd definitely recommend against opening a tab inside when the joint is hopping.  That said, and at the risk of standing in line behind you the next time you're there, when it's open the back porch bar is fantastic.**Addendum** all of the above still stands, but if you're ever inside here and wondering why the line for one bartender is *significantly* longer than the other one, it's because bartender John Pink is easily one of the most unpleasant individuals most people will ever come across.  That's been consistent with my experience.  He's unpleasant compared to *other bartenders.*   Now you know.
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2007,6/15/2007,224,413,2,3,5>I came a little late for the dirt cheap happy hour to still be in affect. It's a nice bar with that old school wood look. I ordered a glass of wine but then popped outside because I was on my phone and breaking up in the bar. OK, I had a smoke as well. When i came back the bartender had cleared my wine. I guess he didn't see I left my jacket. He quickly redeemed himself by saying I'll pour you another. Met some lovely yelper's, Quani, Steve N., Chewy and Larry. 5 stars for that but I had to knock one off for not being there for dirt cheap happy hour and the disappearing wine incident.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,6/14/2007,467,441,5,2,3>All I can say is, damn...that's a TASTY cupcake!!!I had a double chocolate cupcake with the whipper snapper, as mentioned by Steve.  DELICIOUS!  I needed real food, but would've been happy (but much, much larger and in a diabetic coma) just pigging out on the cupcakes!Delivery service is up and coming, as well.Totally worth checking this place out!  You can never go wrong with cupcakes!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2007,6/13/2007,421,603,3,4,2>Post happy hour downtown, with some new found friends and a broke bank account...whats a gal to do.Why Karaoke on the East Side, of course.Ill admit. I'm a tad bit scared of the East Side. Maybe if I went more I would be less scared. But here, driving on 290 ( the weirdest high way ever) we pull into this little restaurant in the back of an Exxon.The place is packed. So packed its splitting out the seams, I park in an unofficial parking space on a curb and hope no one will hit my car.Walk in. Crazy packed. Like I mean so packed you cant even dream of finding a place to sit, and we weren't the only ones.  I look at it as a new experience. My friend buys me a drink, a margarita the size of my head. Everyone is singing loud "get the crowd moving" songs. A bizarrely large of UT students on an initiation dare were there, singing loudly to pop songs. My friends jammed out to Hotel California and some Queen. I watched. It was the kind of joint where if you were a guy you had to be loud and sing about drugs or sex. If you were a girl you were a stereotypical belter and got alot of whoop calls from the audience. It the kind of place where I two stepped In a tiny crowded space in the bar and no one cared. Where only half the patrons spoke English and loved it that way. Where "Big Jim" The Karaoke host actually had a rock awesome voice and when he harmonized with the singers he actually helped them rather then hurt them ( Ive seen some bad karaoke hosts y'all!)  Everyone knew everyone, the drinks were flowing, the crowd was jumping. Mr. Lapala himself came in, bought a drink at the bar and was greeted by a round of applause by the rowdy fans. Big Jim says "He never thought karaoke would work here, but now after 14000 shows we've done it!" And everyone cheers.And a man walked by and said "Damn Girl, you sure are sexy" to moi. A thing I don't mind hearing every once and a while ( the old ego didn't mind a boost last night)An experience.It did have some downsides, which must be mentioned. 1. Nowhere to sit. At all for like hours. We finally found a table about two hours in. I have a feeling that without the 80 plus UT students it would have a much more intimate feel.2. Someone had obviously gotten sick at the bar. No, we couldn't see it, but we sure could smell it. I think we were the only ones that minded though.The staff worked hard and Big Jim rocked out, and although this isn't a place that I would frequent really ( I think I'm a more of a common interest karaoker), I'm glad I went. You east side? Stop in and have a 5lb margarita, and sing a jam, baby!
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,6/12/2007,0,0,23,,6>Trudy's is the ex sex of Austin restaurants. You know you shouldn't be doing it but that's what makes it all the more exciting. And dramatic. And please call me the next day crazy. I don't know why I keep coming back to Trudy's. I don't particularly like it. The music is way too loud. The food is ok. Well, actually, now I do know why I go back to Trudy's. It's those damn Mexican Martinis. So this really IS like ex sex. For me, the only thing that works is that Mexican Martini, but NOTHING ELSE! Which is why we can no longer see each other, Trudy. It's over. I mean it this time. Unless of course you call me out of the blue next Tuesday for your Top Shelf nonsense. Oh, today is Tuesday you say? Ok, I'll be right over. I've gotta shave my legs first though."
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2007,6/11/2007,24,19,7,3,3>I wish I could power my car with my own natural gas.  It'd be a hell of a lot cheaper and I could justify eating as much dairy as I'd like.  I'd make lactose intolerance work in my favor, for once.  But dreams are just that--dreams.  Instead, I have to open my wallet and scrape it clean, nay, lick its bare bones in order to gas up.  I am often tempted to tears just thinking about the funds once allocated to designer chocolates and cashmere socks while the gallons pump into my car.  I used to love my car.  Now it brings me guilt.It is a small blessing, then, that the cheapest gas station in Austin is just around the corner from where I live.  I can always count on turning my tears of sorrow and guilt into ones of victory once I realize how I have triumphed over the entire city by getting the cheapest gas, mwah-hah!  In the past year or so that I've been a resident of the East side, this station remains consistently cheap.  Thanks, BP, and I mean that.  It's not the cleanest station in town, but in these +$3/gal. days, I don't mind at all.And like all convenience stores this side of 35, there's plenty of Mexican sodas (hooray Manzana Lift!) and a great selection of 40's, should you have money left to throw yourself a post-filling victory party.  Note: If you're not used to being undressed by other people's eyes, I'd take caution and layer wisely.  I'm no Maggie Gyllenhaal-pretty ingenue, but even I feel my dresses and blouses being peeled away by other patrons' eyes.  I just look at it like killing two birds with one stone: you get your cheap fuel AND your cheap thrills.  Real cheap.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2007,6/10/2007,25,104,8,5,4>For my ladyfriend's birthday and our one-year anniversary, we decided to roll big with the dinner. I wanted something with a little more ambiance than Chez Nous and Austin Land and Cattle and fewer Californians than Uchi. We decided on Aquarelle, and it was a very good choice.The locale is a little hard to find. It's tucked away off Rio Grande, near Katz's. It's a little house, and if you didn't know it was a restaurant, you'd either pity or envy the people you imagined living inside. There's not much in the way of parking, and apparently there are some parking rules you have to follow (explained when they call you back to confirm the reservation), but drop the people in high heels off at the door and park on the street around the corner.The restaurant is an old house. Wood floors, lots of windows, and low lighting. One thing I really dug about this place was the combination of the food and the "old house" smell. Not stinky, crazy-person-lives-here, old house smell, but that kind of earthy smell that is comforting. There are few tables, so reservations are a must. But if you're rolling on a $150+ dinner, you should want to make reservations. Well, it makes me feel like a grown-up, so I enjoyed pretending I was some big shot when they called me back. Luckily for us all, the management decided on accommodating fewer clientele, so you're not going to be packed in here. In fact, you probably won't hear anyone else's conversation, which is awesome for creating that special vibe to get the after-dinner romance a meal at this price commands. Our server was excellent. She told us about the place, what the chefs were thinking when they put together the menu, and recommended a couple of apps and wine pairings. Yes, this place is all about the wine pairings. But it's good wine and not ridiculously overpriced for a restaurant.As with most French restaurants, you can order the prix fixe or the a la carte. I suggest the prix fixe if your head doesn't explode at seeing the price. I had to keep telling myself that it was a double-duty dinner (birthday and anniversary; yes, I'm stupid for asking my girlfriend out for the first time on her birthday).The menu is seasonal, so it won't be the same as what we ordered, but I can tell you what we had was amazing. The seafood was fresh and delicious, and my steak was one of the best cuts of beef I've ever eaten.  Perfectly marbled, perfectly cooked.Between courses the chef would send out little treats. We got a cauliflower mousse. Usually, I hate cauliflower. Hate it. But I liked it this time. The people behind us got more of these treats, but I think they were rolling a LOT larger than we were ($800 bill for a table of four, I think---I'm pretty sure one of them was going to die at midnight; at least that's the only reason I could justify spending $200 on dinner for one of my friends).Dessert was the only disappointment. During dinner, I had suavely excused myself and asked our server if she wouldn't mind putting "Happy Birthday" on the plate. She agreed. When she came back and cleared our dinner plates, she asked if we needed anything else. I smiled and winked, because I am so suave, and she nodded and left. And then brought little dishes of gelatto (another chef treat) and the bill. I guess I over-suaved her and gave her temporary amnesia.Disappointed, I paid the bill, gave an 8% tip, wrote a quick note, and we went out for dessert. Well, the next day I get a call from my server. She apologized profusely and asked us to come back. AND THEN COMPED THE RETURN MEAL!!! How awesome is that? We dropped a total of $40 for wine and the tip and had our victory lap meal. And for dessert this time, the pastry chef went effing crazy. Chocolate cake, chocolate flakes, chocolate sprinkles, chocolate sauce. He spelled out my ladyfriend's name, wrote some crazy shit in French, and sent it out with a big voila!If you did something really dumb, dinner at Aquarelle will make up for it. If you want to celebrate something important, this is a good place for that. It was stellar, and one of those indulgences you should afford yourself once a year or so.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/9/2007,14,11,3,5,4>Full disclosure: I don't know a single soul who is affiliated with this establishment, something that makes me an anomolous Yelper.  That notwithstanding, I love the place. So does everyone I rope into going with me. The food is excellent. Ditto the Bar. The burger rivals the perennial "Best in Austin" ones. A cold beer and spicy shrimp tacos are an incredible way to enjoy a weekend game. But the thing that distinguishes Third Base is the fun you can have here.The first time I went was on the day of the Kentucky Derby. Short of being at Churchill Downs, I can't imagine a better venue. There was a large crowd, but the staff handled them ably and I never experienced anything but great service. They had betting sheets with which everyone could participate. I saw a few hardcores (OK, I was one of them) take their Daily Racing Forms and share them with interested strangers who had no clue about picking horses other than by name or by recent excrement experiences. No money changed hands in the wagering; that would get someone like me disbarred. But the excitement was no less palpable than if the rent were riding on the outcome. Management also ran a raffle with the proceeds benefitting one of their friends who had suffered a spinal injury. There is something wonderful about that above the normal good done by charity, although I cannot articulate what that is. But I'm pretty sure my failure to resist the pitch of the girl who sold us the tickets was the best thing I did that whole week. Most of all, the place was alive with cheering, jokes, laughter, and a genuine party of people who had never met before but can't imagine having missed it.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2007,6/8/2007,45,31,5,6,5>First visit to Epoch today, and I think I'll be frequenting this coffee shop a lot.  Why, you ask? - Convenient location on North Loop- Dude #1 behind the counter told dude #2 that he had the perfect CD for him, and proceeded to put in what appeared to be the soundtrack to The Breakfast Club, both cracking up.  - They toast their bagels to perfection- They compliment their laid back vibe with fancy-schmancy, teabag technology, with a silver ball filled with tea in lieu of a "normal" teabag.  - Two large rooms, one filled mostly with couches (easily envisioning myself lounging with a good book in there for hours).  Plus they have a big outdoor patio.  - Great selection of teas (I had mango today), served piping hot in big cups.  - Open 24 hoursI may soon be changing my yelp profile to "Find me in...Epoch Coffee"
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,6/7/2007,28,92,11,6,6>I came here with my NYC friend. She refused to have any, citing the typical "...no pizza is like NY pizza..." excuse. Then she had a bite.Then she ordered her own.Get your own damn slice.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/6/2007,729,671,3,3,4>You know you're in Texas when even your impeccably-groomed gay friend takes you to a little saloon-type bar called the Mean Eyed Cat. Gravel outdoor area, live band, cheap cold beer, and abundant tattoos. I cannot picture a single SF gay guy in such a place, but I 'spose that's what makes Austin one of the coolest towns south of the Mason Dixon!
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,6/5/2007,65,140,3,4,8>Hang out in casual Austin Style --Visit with friends - sip on a cool one of your choicechow down on some authentic Austin hippie cowboy grub.Not a bad combination all in all.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,6/4/2007,17,20,4,2,2>the one of two bars on 6th street worth a damn.  pbr tall boys are a plus.  the rest of the drink selection is great and it is always an oasis from the dim existence that is 6th street.   the food is good and we always seem to run into very good people there.  i hope bars like this spread like a virus to their neighbors up and down the street.
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,6/2/2007,188,425,2,2,3>i would give the alamo drafthouse 11 stars if possible.  i frequent both this location and south lamar.  i love the vast selection of food and alcoholic treats.  the pre-shows are always entertaining.  try and get advance tickets for opening weekend.  alamo does a fantastic job of creating special theme menus and events for that weekend.  where else can you go see the aqua teen hunger force movie and get a key lime milkshake, fries and a meatball?  pure freakin genius!
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,6/1/2007,17,9,4,3,4>OH jo'sI like you, I love you, I want some more of you. .....billy ray cyrus anyone? Anyone?Anyways. Went to Jo's and had the veggie sandwich. This was no ordinary veggie sandwich... This was a perfectly layered zuccini, peppers, avacado, pesto and more sandwich. it was a  mountainous delight that tingled the taste buds of even the pickiest vegetarian. On the other side of the pond, my friend had a chicken sandwich thing that she said she stops by to get, with out fail, once a week. Alongside the food was a wonderful atmosphere to people watch when sitting outside on a cloudy day like today. Another plus, the staff was super friendly. I had accidently pulled out some change in euros and mentioned to my friend I still had some left over from the trip to Spain I just got back from. The girl behind the counter got all excited and said she was going there in a few weeks. It turned out I stayed very near where she was staying, so we were all excited about Spain together--how cute. Claps and giggles for jo's.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,5/30/2007,14,33,1,3,2>When selecting a Mexican restaurant in Austin, one has to consider a few different elements that when combined, create the ideal experience.  I consider these elements to be: Food, Booze (Margaritas), and Patio.  Service, Wait, and Price are inherant anywhere you go.  It seems that most places, at least in North Austin, never seem to have the complete set of good food, good margaritas and a nice patio.  Texican Cafe comes close.  There's a reason that you go to certain mexican food places in North Austin.  You go to Baby A's to hit the limit and enjoy the patio, but the food is terrible.  Trudy's meets the food and the booze requirement, and I know they have a patio... but it's no Chuy's.  Chuy's has a great patio, but IMO, only decent food and decent margaritas.  I live right by it and don't really go there unless it's a beautiful weekend afternoon.  Texican Cafe, however, comes very close in these categories.The food is very good here.  They make the classics, but they also offer a nice seafood-ish twist on them.  The shrimp enchiladas with their Cozumel sauce are excellent.  The carne guisada enchiladas are also very good.  I've tried a few other things off of their menu and have not been disappointed yet.The margaritas are large and pack the right combination of taste and alcohol content, but are a tad pricey.  And, the patio is the best patio experience in North Austin.  They have a nice shaded patio with a few TV's and misters in the summer.  There's enough people there to have background noise, but never too many to be distracting or cause a long wait.The service is always good... I've never had bad service here at all.  The price is perhaps a tad above average, but not too bad.  The wait is almost non-existant.  I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.  Every time there's a wait, they tell me 15 minutes or so, and I go to the bar to wait... and before I can even finish my first drink, my table is ready outside.  So, all you guys waiting outside of Chuy's on 183 every night... please stay there so I can continue to get into a better place without a wait. :)
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,5/29/2007,76,266,2,7,5>I really, really like old furniture.  The second I walked into Fortney's, I thought, "This place is freakin' great."Whether you're looking for a couch, dresser, painting, or just some sort of collectible, Fortney's is a great find.  Think of it as an upscale Uncommon Objects.  They also have a wealth of mirrors, an outdoor patio with many coffee tables, and a western furnishings gallery behind that.  I actually felt like I had walked into some cabin back in the 1880's.  Not that I would know what that exactly feels like...I'm not that old.  Still, you get the point.Fortney's is a great place to shop, and a great place to kill some time if you like antique stores.
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2007,5/28/2007,233,56,14,4,2>Follow these ten easy steps for a positive Cuba Libre experience:1) Go to an ATM2) Take out $10 (or $20 if you're with a date)3) Enter Cuba Libre.  Feel like a celeb when the automatic curtains open and close behind you as you make your grand entrance.4) Walk up to bar.  Your date may need to show some cleavage to get a bartender.5) Purchase one mojito per person.  Place money (see step 2) on bar.6) Suck down mojito.  Ponder what it would feel like to be in Miami Vice.  Chew on the sugar cane stick that comes with the mojito (don't worry, all the cool kids are doing it). 7) Speaking of the cool kids, look around.  Try to find at least one other person who hasn't had plastic surgery.  This is a challenging, fun game.8) Shudder at the thought of undergoing plastic surgery.9) Ensure you and your date don't have bits of mint leaves stuck between your front teeth.  Take a trip to the bathroom and utilize their complimentary mouthwash, hand lotion, perfume, staple gun, Vaseline, etc.  Don't tip the attendant (remember, you spent all your money at the bar).10) Exit Cuba Libre and continue your drinking festivities at a cheaper establishment.  Vicci is a wonderful low-cost alternative, located directly across the street where drinking in bulk is encouraged by lower prices.Congratulations!  You've now experienced Cuba Libre to the fullest!
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,5/27/2007,93,241,5,6,6>Went for the first time tonight and blown away! The burgers... $4 for burger and fries- cheaper than McDonalds and absolutely amazing. The fries are crisp and the meat is good, the buns are sweet, the veggies, A+ for the food!The beer selection was good, pitchers cheap and staff very friendly. The Sunset Wheat comes with a ton of orange slices. Smoking is a plus, and I saw the cutest dogs. The crowd was dude-bro free and very chill.EDIT: this has become my favorite neighborhood hangout since my first time. 5 stars!
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,5/25/2007,15,42,3,4,5>it's excellent for people watching, and always clean... oh, and the gym parts are nice, too.  in the two years i've been a member, i've only had to wait for machines after work once.  i think there was a spike in membership post holidays.  the parking is horrific on week nights, but you can supposedly park by whole foods and brave crossing 5th.  additionally, the bathrooms are equipped with more self care products than i buy for my house, so it's easy to work out after work and still make it to happy hour.  (come on, what's the point of working out if not to excuse your drinking).
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2007,5/24/2007,17,92,,3,3>delicious vegetarian food with huge portions., I had a smoothie, but I cannot recall which one, they all looked good though, and I had the pineapple fried rice, which was perfect, and my gf had the pad thai, which I got to taste as well and that was top-notch. Sort-of an out of the way spot in a strip mall, but worth the trip.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2007,5/23/2007,187,286,2,4,2>All this time, and I can't believe I forgot to write about Zen! I've loved Zen for years, since I used to go to their Anderson location and beg them to open one in South Austin. They finally did--all to shut me up, I am sure of it. It's not fine, fancy sushi and Asian food, obviously, for what you pay, but it definitely hits the spot. When you want something fast and not just fast food crap, it's perfect. I don't cook (well, much) so the takeout here is so great for me. I love the spicy chicken bowls, the gyoza, any of the sushi with tuna... My dad, who lives out of town, wants Zen every time he comes to visit.The parking can suck a little, especially when there's a big happy hour at Continental, but it's never been that bad. The service is usually really friendly. But I am sad, because I thought I was the only one getting called "mama." Should have known...
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/22/2007,121,332,3,2,3>05.11.2007Holy Shietes! Have you seen the line up for 2007? That alone is worthy of a 5+ star review!Here's my hit list: Bob Dylan & His Band, Bjork, The Killers, Arcade Fire, Muse, Bloc Party, Arctic Monkeys, Gotan Project, Joss Stone, Damien Rice, Blue October, Indigo Girls, The Decemberists, Paolo Nutini, Regina Spektor, Amy Winehouse, Crowded House, Augstana, Amos, M.I.A., Ben Kweller, Andrew Bird, Ghostland Observatory, Peter Bjorn and John, Rodrigo Y Gabriela, Blond Redhead, The National, Sound Team, JJ Grey and MOFRO, Young Love, Manchester Orchestra, John Ralston, Sara Hickman, Loretta Williams Gurnell, and The JellyDots!There are definitely awesome returns from last year like Muse (I HEART Matt) and Sara Hickman. But there are disappointments like rumored appearances by Feist and Lily Allen are a no-go. Next time!I can't wait for the nifty calendar scheduler comes out; so we can customize our schedule and ensure no conflicts or rank our conflicts. Hopefully the latter won't happen.This time, no amount of heat or humidity is going to get the best of me 'cuz I still have my AT&T fan spritzer from last year (OH YEAH, WHO IS WITH ME ON THAT ONE?!?!?!?), SPF 45, stacks of oil blotters, wet towel, and more in tow. Most importantly, I will wear cute short shorts. Learning from experience!Oh and let's not forget the delicious food! Roy's! Awesome art to browse!(Sorry I just couldn't resist writing a pre(re)view.)============================================06.19.2007 UpdateYAY: The Scheduler is outBOO: So many conflicts --Day 1: Kaiser Chiefs v Gotan Project v The Killers v BjorkDay 2: Sound Team v Augustana, Paola Nutini v Sara Hickman, Damien Rice v Blue October, Muse v Arctic Monkeys, Clap Your Hands and Say Yeah v Indigo Girls, Arcade Fire v The White StripesDay 3: The Jellydots v The National, Ghostland Observatory v The DecemberistsDilemma, dilemma, dilemma. I will not be able to sleep until I figure out what to do!
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,5/21/2007,40,17,7,5,4>THE MIGAS BREAKFAST TACO IS IT. END OF STORY.I don't know how they do it.  Been around the world, and I-I-I, I can't find a b-taco that rivals this paragon of excellence.  Other places sometimes: overfry the eggs, use poor cheese, cold tortillas, improper proportions of green peppers and onions.Mi Madre's consistently trumps all with a perfectly cooked egg and tortilla combo, a perfect amount of peppers and onions, rad rad salsa, and generous thick shreds of fromage delicioso.I will eat this breakfast taco on my deathbed.
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2007,5/20/2007,339,246,,2,3>From the outdated South Lamar address referred to by Yelpers before me, I guess no one has reviewed this charming spot in a while. They've since moved a tad further north, but it's still a bit of a pain to get back onto South Lamar after you're happily finished with your crepe-tastic meal.Prices have gone up a bit since they last updated their website: between $6 and $7.50 per savory crepe. But the airstream trailer and picnic tables remain as an integral part of Flip Happy's character. (I hope they never get rid of those!) You can feel South Austin oozing from this place while sitting at a teeny table waiting for them to call your name.The savory crepes are about the size of a small burrito (definitely not Freebird's size), and the aroma and flavor is a pleasant complement to a sunny day while you lounge in the shade of tall trees in the parking lot with your tasty crepe. Wash it down with some Sweet Leaf iced tea if you'd like.The verdict: I think Flip Happy deserves my repeat business: it's local, it's unique, and it's got delicious crepes. Now if only it were easier to get to. (They don't exactly reside on prime real estate.) And I hope their prices remain constant.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,5/19/2007,7,2,,4,3>We're so lucky to have By George.  To have that selection of style in a boutique, without having to crawl through a mall department store!, is such a luxury.  And speaking of luxury, while the store price points are high, I've seen the same labels for more $$ in a few other stores around.The staff is friendly, if sometimes over-ambitious.  The girls that've been there a while (which is saying something that many of their staff has been there for a long time) know their lines, and how to dress for body-type, which has helped me fine two of the loveliest, most-complimented party dresses a girl could want.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2007,5/18/2007,184,302,1,6,6>Full disclosure first.... I am a friend of Steve B's, the manager, and also count John (the owner of BD's) as a friend.That all being said, I can honestly tell you that BDs is "my bar" on Sixth Street.  You don't have to wade through frat boys and gang bangers to get a drink, the place is comfortable - my favorite area is the front when the big windows along Sixth Street are opened up.I like Guinness, so I usually drink that when I go.  I've also sampled a few of their single malt irish whiskeys and the occasional shot.  The wait- and bar staff are always friendly and make me feel like a regular even though I probably only make it there two or three times a month. I grew up in New England, so fish and chips are near and dear to my heart.  BD's has the best in town bar none.  Actually, lately I have been having it made "southern style" at the recommendation of the cook, using corn meal instead of the beer batter, and its delicious.  They never squawk when I ask to substitute the fries for something healthier, and the food comes out quickly and hot.BDs is not the least expensive option on Sixth street, but the combination of ambiance, good food and beer, good music and the friendly and professional staff makes it the place I go to each time I go downtown. I often host out of town visitors through my job, many of the them non-Americans, and they consistently tell me what a great time they had at BDs.  Most often these are British or German folks who know their beer/pubs, so I consider that high praise.Lastly, I am a fan of their Wednesday pub quiz.  The competition is tough but the whole experience is fun.  Its one of the ways old friends and colleagues re-congregate - most often I meet up with folks I don't get to see regularly anymore and don't work with.  Its just another way which BDs fosters the 'community' aspects of running a pub, and its something I've always appreciated.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,5/16/2007,128,427,3,3,9>Head East, my friends. Just one more example that the zestiest merriment and pleasantries are to be found east of IH-35. True, the exterior can be misleading, but all the more reason to duck inside. Prepare to enter a world of cool blues and deliberate design. This is not dive bar material. This is new-dive bar. This is a packed crowd one night and a mellow lounge the next. This is easy going bartenders, strong martinis, and an intuitive DJ. This is, as Cati C. put it so eloquently, the big east-y at its best.This is The Peacock.
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,5/15/2007,344,274,13,3,5>Wanna kill 4 birds with one stone (not that I'm into killing things... it's an expression... give the boy a break)?Often I find that I need a new tie, a pound of exotic imported blue mountain coffee, a small glass object to give to mom for mothers day, and... well... I'm hungry.Triumph is the perfect solution.  Trust me when I say that you can kill all these birds (poor feathered creatures... unless they are grackles then they can burn in hell) with one trip to Triumph.Seriously though... the rice noodle bowls are really tasty, filling, and I don't go into a coma 1.5 hours after eating there.  Good stuff... give it a shot!
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2007,5/15/2007,96,471,12,2,4>Oh dear me.  One of the reviews said this place had great clothes for 18-25 year olds.  I'm 27.  I will continue to shop at Emeralds well into my 30s.  Does this make me hip?  Maybe it makes me completely square.  But it's cool to be square.  Or is it hip to be square?  I'm not sure.  Regardless, (note, that I used the word "regardless" and not the word "irregardless."  This is because "irregardless" IS NOT A WORD!  Just wanted to let you know, in case you don't know.  And now you know.  And knowing is half the battle.)  Regardless, Emerald's is a fantastic boutique/gift shop that EVERYONE and I do mean everyone can find soemthing in - from sorority girl to me (and I am very far on the spectrum from sorority girl).  In fact, I bought my first dress EVER at Emerald's.  Now that is something to talk about.  I bought my first dress and I am 27.  Since I am 27, I also do not believe that running around with my stomach showing is an okay thing unless I am in a swimsuit.  Even when I was 18, you don't show your stomach.  There are people in this country that should  have been taught by their mothers not to display their stomach at bars and restaraunts because their stomach is not pretty to look at.  I like to wear shirts that fit me AND cover my stomach.  Most of the time, I can find shirts that fit this description at Emerald's and for that I am thankful.  I think I'll start a facebook group called, "didn't your mother ever tell you not to show your stomach in public?"  Emerald's.  Five stars.  Fact.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,5/14/2007,135,351,10,3,3>A few people from my office gave me tickets to Esther's Follies...they couldn't attend because they were "Christians," and that due to their beliefs, they couldn't justify the type of comedy--"Stop, I said. You had me at 'Christians.' I'll take 'em."Much baudier than improv groups I've seen at The Second City or The Groundlings, this full on shock and awe fest broke through my resistance to intentional comedy, and with some magic thrown in, weird. Especially how it didn't tie in to the sketches. Happy bewilderment...it somehow works!All the more funnier given the randomness. Recommend!
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2007,5/13/2007,212,150,6,7,6>OK, I know Halcyon doesn't need yet another review, but this is my hang-out, and I gotta rep-a-zent.The coffee here will never win any awards, but its quality is consistent.I wish they'd buy some new freaking couches already, but the always interesting art on the walls makes up for any shoddy seating in the atmoshphere dept.The sandwiches are solid. They are my default breakfast/lunch/dinner/late night snack and never disappoint.Good cocktails.Very friendly staff. Once, one of the baristas ran out to her car to get some lined paper for me. How awesome is that?All in all, despite its aging apperance and occasional infestation of screeching 15 year olds enjoying s'mores, I love this place any time of the day or night.
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2007,5/12/2007,132,692,5,2,9>They day I got married, I started my day here with my sister.  She got coffee and I got orange juice.  We sat quietly and stared out the window, and out of nowhere, she said, "Well, listen.  If this doesn't work out, and  we both end up single someday... let's just come back here, okay?"I said, "Deal."
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,5/11/2007,122,181,5,5,5>I turned 21 with a stiff Jack and Coke at Casino El Camino, and perhaps that has formed a bond that will last a lifetime. I love the cool, dark atmosphere of this place. The reviews citing the "gothy, gaudy, pseudo-horror" look and the way they "cater to adults who already know how to order, drink, eat (and tip)" nailed it. This is where the guys in your favorite punk band (or managing your favorite bar or restaurant) go to have a drink and relax. If you're planning to be there a few hours, you should definitely order one of their amazing burgers. It may even be ready to pick up on your way out. ;-) I guess you can't rush perfection.
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2007,5/10/2007,23,61,,4,3>Moonshine is *VERY* tasty Southern cooking.  Its food is also chic without being pretentious.  One on-line review calls its food "playful", which is certainly true, but I think Moonshine's food deserves a little more credit.  I also sensed great dedication and seriousness.  Certainly, IMO, it's not easy to re-manufacture the familiarity and ease of Southern cooking in new and enjoyable ways, yet still keep it easily recognizable.Moonshine is in a big old house on the N.E. corner of Red River and 3rd.  The interior is cozy and comfortable, foreshadowing the food.  We got there at something-to-ten Sunday morning and the line is already to the corner and beginning to wrap around it.  The door opened soon thereafter.  The place easily seats everybody with room to spare.  However, by 10:30 or so, the wait was already up to twenty minutes.  By the time we left, around eleven or so (I eat slow), the wait looked to be about half an hour.I loved the small touches such as the whipped herbed cream cheese for the (toasted) mini bagel halves.  The accompanying smoked salmon is touched with dill and each piece lovingly rolled into little bundles.  I'm a sucker for little touches like that;  they make all the difference.Is Moonshine "authentic" Southern cooking?  I don't know what "authentic" Southern cooking should taste like.  It's probably like barbecue or chili:  everybody has their own idea of what "authentic" barbecue or chili should taste like.  In any case, I don't really care what "authentic" *anything* tastes like.  I only care if it tastes good.Pluses:95% of the dishes were good to very good.I like the "Ball" Mason jars used as drinking glasses.Minuses:Parking:  there is valet parking for $4.00, else it's street parking (AFAIK), which gets quite scarce within two blocks of Moonshine.Omelets (brunch):  I didn't care much for the ham & brie omelet and the steak & blue cheese omelet.  They're on the dry side.  The ham and steak don't make for good omelet fillings, IMO, as they toughen up too much with cooking.  Also, the omelets could have used a bit more moisture, perhaps a touch of cream or milk, and a bit less doneness.Update:  a second visit with a friend from out of town also impressed.  We had the much talked about beer battered asparagus appetizer:  definitely worthwhile.  I had the "Japapeno Hanger Steak", also very good.  My wife had the Broiled Rainbow Trout and our friend had the Crunchy Coated Snapper.  All were well done and tasty.
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2006,5/9/2007,284,200,8,1,1>On my quest to find the best Thai restaurant in Austin (out of the eight or so in this fine city), I stumbled into this place trying to find parking for another place. What a pleasant surprise, being downtown: food and parking at the same time!Anyway, this place is okay. I ordered Cashew Chicken to go for a WHOPPING $10 and thought, so I'm eating Cashew Chicken... yep. It was super watery so everything leaked out of the styrofoam and into the plastic bag, which was a drag, but I'm sure it's more my fault then there's.While I was waiting, I noticed tons of people on dates here. Although it seemed a little slow for dinner, it was Date City inside. Some poor guy was getting his ear talked off by his girlfriend, there was a "friend" date going on, and even one waiter was trying to get into the flirting action with this young woman picking up her order. His attempt was lost in translation though. He said, "It looks like you got sun-burned.""Uh... No....""You didn't get tanned? Your face looks red.""No."It was painful to watch, like a real sun-burn. (whah-whah)
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2007,5/8/2007,45,98,,2,2>I haven't stopped thinking about the chicken enchiladas with black bean sauce since I was in Austin and ate at El Chile two weeks ago.  It's always possible that non-traditional Mexican loses in comparison to a classic taco or burrito, but this meal was fantastic.I look forward to my next trip to Austin so I can go back again.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2007,5/6/2007,324,543,3,4,4>Really just OK for normal folks, I guess. But for special people like me who get 2-for-1 on their already cheap selection ('cause a friend is a regular and tips nicely -- oh, and he was paying anyway), it's awesome -- if I'm in a boring beer mood.If you're in the campus area and looking for an open pool table (or other standard bar game fare), this is your spot.My aforementioned friend is a doorman/bartender down the street, so he knows some of the less savory types who frequent the Showdown, and it's a bit of a nuisance to have to socialize with these dudes (who really just seem to want to stare at me).The stinky burger smell (stinky to me, 'cause I hate beef) permeates the front, and the smoke smell permeates the back. The music tonight sucked big time, but usually is tolerable, as is the general atmosphere and most of the crowd.So this is a review of my unique experiences. Yours will surely be different.A good change from the all-too-stuffy recent feeling of the drag, and there's always a (perhaps somewhat dirty) seat open for you.
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,5/5/2007,20,147,,3,4>Very helpful, no attitude.  You think this would be easy, right?  Seems too hard for other shops.When I asked to use their pump, the lady came out and HELPED me.  No charge.When I needed a wrench to loosen my handlebars--no charge.When I put on my cranks myself and installed them backwards, they fixed it for a nominal fee ($15).Bike box:  No charge.Their outstanding service on small stuff makes this my go-to spot for bigger items.All those incidents were spaced over 3 years--I try not to mooch...but when I'm in a jam, they've helped.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2007,5/4/2007,65,85,,3,2>Outdoor eating? CheckLong waits? CheckDecent food? CheckA lovely Austin eatery that's thankfully still around. If it's a nice day outside, expect to wait because everyone has come up with the same cool idea as you have except they got their first.Good salads and interesting dressings to choose from and lots of veggie options - my favorite is the Hippie Sandwich. What's better? The half a hippie and salad combo. Yum.And...can you say Queso Catfish? Heck ya! It's sooooooooo good. Crispy catfish covered in Shady's queso and pico de gallo. Get the twice baked pot on the side and you're in heaven.
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2007,5/3/2007,11,2,,4,3>Progress is my favorite Sunday morning post-yoga chillout spot.  Their cafe au lait makes my morning, and their rich oatmeal, cooked in milk (soymilk upon request) with brown sugar, raisins, and nuts manages to feel healthful and decadent simultaneously.  Tucked off in a secluded neighborhood just east of I-35, Progress's ambiance is arty and open, with limited outdoor seating.  In the evenings, the coffeehouse transforms into a hipster bar with occasional art openings.
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2007,4/29/2007,849,1374,2,3,4>The food, which was phenomenal (I loved my Chuychanga), is overshadowed by the environment. First, it's in a great location next to the river. Second, the fixtures in the rooms (the bar I think especially) are covered in multi-colored spheres added by the patrons. I say spheres because we were last there in 2002 and I think they were stickers but the boyfriend says they were beads.Most importantly though this is the historical place where Jenna Bush got busted for underage drinking.
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2007,4/28/2007,724,628,8,3,3>Tuesday night adult night at Playland is the bomb-diggety.It really IS a time warp.  There are several regulars here that are SERIOUSLY good roller-skaters and are executing all kinds of crazy skating tricks as the rest of us mere mortals struggle our way around the rink.  It's worth it to go just to check out these fine skaters in action - and to marvel at their straight-out-of-the-70's outfits.  I guess roller skating has kept them fit enough that they still fit in their wardrobes of yore.Warning:  it is possible to seriously injure onesself while roller skating...and it's kind of embarassing when you're walking around in a sling and you have to admit to people that you fractured your elbow in a roller skating accident.  Not that I would know that from personal experience or anything.
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2007,4/27/2007,462,751,4,3,3>Right.The masses of desperate-to-be-liked-rockstar/hipsters make me throw up in my mouth a little bit. The over-priced and campy boutique cocktails are yummy, if a little girlie. The service is...slow - but I suppose these are all indications of a successful Austin bar.However, it was the abundance of glitter, and wide variety of songs selected by the rotating DJ's that sucked me in. There is also good people watching and to add to the salon vibe, a lady doing nails in the corner.
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2007,4/26/2007,9,13,2,23,7>This is definitely a sad review to write, but I wanted all those in the Kyle area to appreciate the good work the Kyle Animal Hospital did for my dog and me. I had an incredible Boston Terrier that would light up a room. Those that didn't like dogs seemed to enjoy his company. Unfortunately, right before Christmas he started having seizures. The Kyle Animal Hospital responded quickly, the entire staff took care of my dog as if he belonged to them, and the vet gave me his home and cell number in the event there was an emergency. Believe me, I took full advantage of it. Even on Christmas he called me and asked how Doc, my dog, was doing. They did everything they could, but his liver was failing and we had to put him to sleep. Everybody at the animal hospital was broken hearted that we had to put him to sleep. The vet even gave me a hug afterwards (which I appreciated).If you are in the Kyle or Buda area, definitely check them out.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2006,4/25/2007,150,65,5,8,3>People complain this place is overpriced, but where else can you get a meal of this quality for this price?  You can't.  Honestly, I think their food is much better than Trulucks, for a fraction of the price, even if you get several appetizers and make a meal of it.  Fonda San Miguel is on the same culinary level of this place, and there's no way you could eat as well there for the same money.  (Besides, FSM* is a lot more hit or miss.)If you think the portions are small...well, all I can say is go look up tapas in the dictionary.  It's a tapas bar.  Deal, or go eat at Bennigans.That said, if you are cheap and have a big appetite, make sure to come during happy hour.  You can get certain wines and certain tapas for $3, and then if there are tapas that are not on the specials list that you want to try, you can still afford a few of them.  You and a few of your friends can eat a full meal's worth of tapas and get fairly happy on wine for no more than $25 each, tax and tip included.  Try that at Eddie V's.The nitty gritty:Alejandro, the chef, is super nice and super friendly.  If you go there at a not too busy time and you are a foodie, he will talk to you.  I once told him that I had imitated his seared tuna dish for a party I threw (years ago, when I thought student loans were free money) but I hadn't quite gotten the horseradish sauce right.  He proceeded to tell me how to make it and ***brought the recipe book out and let me pick which recipes I wanted him to xerox.***  Can you believe that?  He said his mom and grandma shared the recipes with the stricture that he pass them on freely to anyone who asked (that's copylefting for you nerdy folks).  One of the bartenders has been there forever - his name is Fuego and he's a super nice guy.  I prefer to sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders who know more about the place than to sit at one of the tables and be waited on by the standard issue hot college chick of the week.Recommended food items: The salad with watermelon, cheese and pine nuts (this inspired my Thanksgiving salad)Moorish pork (it sounded weird to me - moors are generally muslim and not pork eaters, but it's a spanish dish - pork done in the moorish style- and it's fabulous)The seared tuna with the horseradish cream (also inspiring)Tapenade (super salty but good)Fried calamari (pretty good,  on the specials menu)The beef in some sort of saucePretty much everything.Drinks:If it's slow and you are sitting at the bar, the bartender will probably be able to recommend something, and if you play your cards right, might even give you a little taste.Your best bet is to get a wine flight, which is a 2 oz. pour of 3 wines, so you can try out try out the different wines they have.  Because I did this, I discovered I wine here that i was in love with for a few years until it disappeared off local wine shelves- I believe it was the 1994 Torre Orria, gold netting, the wine that introduced me to tempranillos.The once had a flight they simply labeled the "White Flight".  I think someone expained the trend of caucasians leaving the inner-cities in the 70's and since then, they've been careful to label their whites "Summer White Flight", etc.The only gripe I have about the place is that it's often filled with stupid yuppies - you know, chicks with the exact same blond highlight-lowlight ironed hair, men ranging from metrosexual to chinos-with-a-belt.  But hey, maybe the food will inspire them to, I don't know, leave Texas and visit somewhere else, bring back some knick-knack and maybe care when the country censures us in the UN...sigh.  Is it possible to spread democracy, peace and understanding through food?  I don't know, but if anywhere in Austin has a chance, it's Malaga.*Not the Flying Spaghetti Monster
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2007,4/24/2007,47,10,3,8,4>First, a little prayer (mind you, I am not religious in the least, but sometimes a little prayer hits the spot even for this here atheist:)  May this be my only Yelp review in which I refer to the establishment in question in absolute terms rather than adopting a relative, in-my-humble-opinion-type perspective.Musashino is the very best sushi bar in Austin.  Full stop.IT'S THE SUSHI, STUPID!When everything is said and done, wouldn't you rather enjoy superior sushi over superior wallpaper, lamps, background music, or wait staff?  I certainly would.  And I don't consider Musashino's decor, music, wait staff or average wait distractingly bad (but yes, there is certainly better to be had here in Austin) whereas I deem Musashino's sushi the absolute best one can get in the greater Austin area.Smokey's (owner and head chef) sushi has not been topped in the twelve years that I've followed the sushi bar micro-cosmos of Austin.  With every high-end sushi bar opening I was prepared for a new heir to Smokey's throne:  Umi, Kenichi, Uchi, Maiko (yes, each one of those four initially attempted to position themselves as the new best sushi bar in town, respectively, as bewildering as that might strike you, dear reader, in this early spring of 2007.)  It never happened.  Musashino still reigns supreme.Recommended:  O'Toro and Kama Toro nigiri, Uni nigiri, Monkfish Liver nigiri, Shima Zushi sashimi, Saba hand roll, Spicy Mussel hand roll, Evil Knievil roll, Futo Maki, and of course Omakase (chef's choice.)Not recommended: neglecting nigiri, sashimi and hand roll selections in favor of rolls, rolls, rolls, and nothing but rolls (sadly I see too many people make that mistake.)  Make sure you order a balance of different types of sushi.  It'll cost you, yes, but this is where a top-notch sushi bar such as this one shines the brightest.p.s. The avocado kama appetizer (avocado stuffed with shrimp and crab, topped with spicy sauce) on Musashino's menu is a creation of Tyson Cole, now of Uchi, formerly of Musashino.
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,4/23/2007,246,167,,3,5>One of the best dive bars in town, with more outdoor room than you can shake a stick at.  I was shocked that the SXSW party I attended here was the first time I had managed to make it into Red's Scoot Inn, as this is my kinda place.  Certainly from the School of Old, this place is as authentic Austin as they come.  Now if we can just keep the damn high rise loft condo crowd away, we'll be all good.  Very neighborhood inside, hipster outside is a good description, albeit a stolen one.
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2007,4/22/2007,90,33,6,2,3>Another good time thanks of Longbranch inn!  A cold and rainy night, a hand full of good friends, some old school music on the rockin jukebox, cheap drinks ands easy parking.Just make sure you don't breath through your nose when you hit the guys bathroom.  It easily offends sensitive nasal passages.
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,4/21/2007,392,291,17,2,5>The first time I had sushi was at a place called Buffet City in Wichita Falls, TX.  That alone should tell you how bad the experience was.  I figured I would probably never eat sushi again.  I had a friend come into town last night who asked me if I wanted to go to a sushi bar.  I said "no" at first, thinking of my Buffet City experience.  But then I relented and figured I should give it another try.  Mikado is a really nice place.  And don't be confused by the "proper attire required" sign on the door.  You don't have to have a tie or anything.  I'm pretty sure that only means "wear clothes," because my friend was wearing workout pants and a long-sleeved, white shirt.  If you're a guy and/or lesbian the first thing you're gonna notice here is the hot, young Asian girls running the place.  Our server's name was Hong, and I couldn't get over the cute way she said "I'm going to be servicing you today."  My inner-Woody Allen was telling me to adopt.  And the sushi..WHOA...what the hell were they trying to do in Wichita Falls?  I was kinda scared to order just sushi so I got the chicken teriyaki which came with some sushi on the side.  My friend got all kinds of stuff.  I think I tried his salmon and tuna roll.  I can't believe I've been depriving myself all this time.  I'll definitely be coming back here, and not just to see if Hong will be my girlfriend.
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2007,4/20/2007,50,415,3,4,4>If it wasn't for Larry M and his amazing review skills I would forget half the places I've been too. How could I forget about Highland Mall!?!?! This place is kind of funny. When I first moved here my mom described Highland Mall as a desolate ghost town, full of crappy stores and shady people. Finally, at Christmas, I had to venture into this mall..... and guess what? Its a pretty nice mall! Its got all of the basics (Gap, Banana Republic, Foot Locker, etc) and its great for people watching (like said before). I actually really liked Highland Mall, and since its a lot more convenient that Barton Creek, I'll be visiting here a lot on the future. The Drawbacks? It could use a serious face lift and it seems like every time I go in there more and more stores are vacating.  Its also a pain to get to..... lots of traffic, and lots of traffic lights. With Barton Creek and The Domain not too far it looks like Highland Mall is going to have a hard time competing...... go there while you can!
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,4/19/2007,109,290,1,2,5>Truly exceptional. I have a big appetite, and let me tell you -I didn't eat anything besides half a croissant all of today. I came to Siena truly looking forward to this dinner. I began with Le Volte 2003 Toscana - unbelievably complex and subtle. I've never had a glass like it.I had the rainbow trout over spinach. The fish was buttery and practically melted in the mouth. It was so rich that despite my best efforts I couldn't even finish half, relegating the rest to a box.For dessert I had the black-and-white creme brulee. I'm a big creme brulee person and I thought I'd run the gamut of how many ways it can be done. I'd had chocolate/vanilla brulees before. But this one was unbelievable. The chocolate wasn't custard; it was a rich chocolate truffle base lining the bottom. The vanilla custard was so delicate you had to close your eyes to taste it. The dessert couldn't have been more than 3 inches in diameter and the custard combined with the rich truffle was so overwhelming I could only get two small bites.Please believe I sat there staring helplessly at the remainder, at a total loss over what to do. I didn't want to take it home, because beyond this moment it would lose its magic. I didn't want to eat it because I knew I'd be sick. But I didn't want to desert it because I harbored a secret fear I'd never find it again.In the end I took it home. And it's sitting here next to me. And I can't bear to eat it out of fear of spoiling the experience.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2007,4/18/2007,474,618,1,4,4>I can't explain why I like this place so much. It's not particularly fancy or trendy. I get tired of the too-cool-for-school restaurants popping up all over Austin. Zax is a family owned restaurant, with an eclectic menu and nice drink selection that doesn't try too hard, but is nice enough to take your parents on a weekend afternoon. I've never had a bad experience there, and the staff has always been friendly and helpful.And, I like any place that has a cheese plate appetizer.
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,4/17/2007,310,185,1,7,4>I wasn't expecting anything pleasant about a trip to the dermatologist, but Dr. William Ramsdell and the staff of Central Texas Dermatology Clinic really surprised me in a most pleasant way.That is, during a fairly unpleasant experience.  So that's really saying something.  I had this thing on my nose, (about the size of one of the Yelp stars above) that was sort of hard and scaly and wouldn't go away.  My doc said see a dermatologist, and recommended Dr. Ramsdell.Having gone through a complete history, skin exam, biopsy (performed with a little tiny melon baller type thing) and diagnosis of basal cell carcinoma,  I must say that if you need a dermatologist, Doctor William Ramsdell  is a fine choice. He's talented, easy to talk to, helpful and informative, and not averse to answering questions, unlike so many doctors I know who seem to be intent on playing the "I'm better than you" card all the time.  I figure I'm pretty cool anyway, if I have a cancer named after me.The doctor and his staff were all very friendly, very intent on making sure I had all the information I needed before, during and after my surgery, via the web, email, and hard copy pamphlets.   During the initial biopsy, and especially during the preparation for in-house surgery I was made to feel at home, relaxed, comfortable and well-informed at all times.  The office itself is a design treat, elegant, modern, comfortable and zen-like in its simplicity.   Little conveniences like a separate surgical waiting area (so you can hang out with other oddly bandaged patients) equipped with TV, coffee, snacks and cold drinks went a long way toward making me even more comfortable. The "call day or night if anything bothers you" thing made me feel at ease too. Its a full service dermatology clinic, with all the usual facial enhancement, wrinkle removal and mini-facelift stuff too, but I felt quite comfortable and in good hands with my skin cancer treatment.I can't judge fees, since I have no basis of comparison.  Fortunately I have insurance, but it would be hard to put a price on the safe removal of a cancerous thing from my nose, combined with the comfort of knowing that they got it all, and that they really took care to do a  really fine job of sewing up the resulting defect in my schnozz.Bottom line: nice office, nice people, and a doctor who treats you like a human being.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2006,4/16/2007,56,58,,4,1>Let's get some things straight:1) Uchi is Expensive2) Uchi is trendy3) Uchi is expensiveDid I mention expensive?BUT!!!!  DELICIOUS!!! I have tried my hardest to eat at every slightly acceptable sushi restuarant in the city.  Uchi by far makes every other sushi restaurant experience. . .well. ..  unenjoyable.  I can't afford to go to Uchi all the time, but good god, I'm sure going to try to go as often as I can.For appetizers, the miso soup has a great balance between sweet and salty.  It's a white miso with very fresh shiitake mushrooms with small firm cubes of tofu.  If you're a tofu fan, try the hiya yako, which is a tofu dish served over ice with spices, scallions, dried bonito flakes, and ginger.  I'm not extremely adventurous with the sushi choices because apprarently, in hindsight, I've had some awful sushi.  My favorites are the spider roll, the mustang roll, and the hakujin roll.  Some things that I've tried at Uchi that have been god awful at other places are the octopus, and the sea urchin.  The octopus is cooked enough without being chewy, and the sea urchin is buttery, sweet, and fresh.  The 7 piece chef selection sashimi never disappoints if you're looking for fresh pieces of fish.  If you're looking to splurge, DO NOT MISS OUT ON THE BLUE TORO!!!!  Whether it's flown in from Perch, Australia or Portugal, the toro is incredibly fresh (that's what my bf said).For dessert, always get the dessert of the day (especially if it has honeycomb).  If you like coffee, make sure to get the Illy French press.  Illy French press coffee is wonderful, we make it at home, which we make very carefully, but Uchi times the press just right.Also, sitting at the bar is more fun here than any other sushi restuarant. I have never seen a group of sushi chefs that have as much fun as these guys do!  Have an open mind when you come to this place.  Their selections aren't all traditional, but trust Tyson Cole, the man knows how to put different tastes and texture together like you would not believe!
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,4/15/2007,23,29,,6,1>I have been seeing Dr. Killian for almost 3 years and I have always been very pleased with him.  I tend to go to the doctor for things that are vague but seriously bothering me, and he has never made me feel stupid or like a hypochondriac, and has frequently figured out what was wrong.He is very professional and takes everything I say as the truth.  He seems very knowledgeable and asks many questions in order to understand the situation.  He is not someone who will just give you antibiotics for anything and dismiss you, which I find to be a plus.  It is hard to find a doctor that takes women's health concerns seriously but I find he does.  He has tried many treatments for me until something works.He is a bit brusque, but do not mistake this for him being uncaring.I highly recommend him.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,4/14/2007,104,306,2,5,1>I may have mentioned in other reviews that I am not a big fan of pizza.  That it has to be pretty special pizza for me to like it.  Well, Home Slice has some pretty special pizza, and I like it.Ever since it's opened, it's been the old stand-by for me and my boyfriend.  If we both have a drink, share a salad, and a medium pizza, we wind up with a $30 bill.  If we take it easy, it'll be half that.  Just depends on how hungry we are.  For example, last night, we just wanted a light snack.I had a slice of the Margherita pizza, and my boyfriend had a slice of that plus a slice of the pepperoni.  We shared a half-order of the Pear Gorgonzola salad (the dreamiest salad I've had in Austin).  Unless you're incredibly hungry, you can easily share a half salad (upon request) between two people.  He had a Live Oak Pils draught.  I just wanted water.  Total bill: $16.  A note about slices...you can only get them during the following hours:11:30 AM - 6:30 PM, and 9:30 PM - 11 PM (MON - THURS)11:30 AM - 6:30 PM, and 9:30-PM - 3 AM (FRI & SAT)12 PM - 6:30 PM (MON)CLOSED TUESDAYS!If you go there enough, you'll be treated like a regular.  It's a warm and friendly place, and not just because of the ovens.  Shall I say that Home Slice is rather "homey"?
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2007,4/13/2007,143,315,2,8,1>For awhile I ended up going to Kerbey on a fairly regular basis.  Then I realized I didn't really like all that much stuff on the menu. I decided I was over Kerbey and didn't go for a long time.  These days I will roll thru once a month or so when I'm needing a late night bite near campus. (For those not in-the-know - Kerbey is open 24 hours)Ok...so here's my stategy for Kerbey campus:First  - sit at the bar (you will usually get seated right away). Next - Order something easy. I often get Soup and Salad. Chicken Tortilla and Caesar to be specific.  The tortilla soup is actualy one of the best I've had in town.  Soup and salad are prepped by the servers so you dont have to wait for anything from the kitchen during rush times. Well.. I guess that's about it.  I can get a pretty quick late night meal when I need one. Usually in and out  in about 30 minutes.Yeah... it's not the most excellent food, but at 2am its one of the few places to get hooked up with some variety.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,4/12/2007,118,439,1,4,3>While in law school, I should of just had my mail sent to Mozart's.  I basically lived there, especially during finals because the hospital white light in the library always put me to sleep.  The staff was so friendly and we learned to forgive them when they went through a mood lighting phase where we could not see a thing after dark.  They were trying to make Mozart's an after date spot but we just booted up our laptops for the extra light.  I shudder to think of how much money I spent but the bottomless coffee is really not a bad deal.  The cakes are delicious and so huge, you must share.  The sound of the water is pleasant for studying or gathering with friends.  While parking is not always easy, it is Austin and that is typical.  If you cannot walk up to the top lot, just use the valet at Hula Hut.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2007,4/11/2007,12,111,1,1,3>I sort of should give this place three stars but I'm giving it one extra because it's so charming.  The food was eh. I got a tofu scramble that was these repugnant nuggets of nutritional-yeast covered tofu and nothing else.  I ended up putting them on the sourdough toast I got on the side and cutting it with some tomato and lettuce.  Then it was OK.  There are probably better things on the menu but I only got to go once.The chocolate chip vegan biscotti (which tastes suspiciously like cookie) was incredibly delicious.  I am kind of glad I am saved from going back because I would have probably eaten about a dozen of those.  I also had a really nice raspberry sour.  Try it!
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2007,4/10/2007,11,8,9,3,4>I'm really surprised that El Patio, one of the Tex-Mex legends of Austin (founded in 1954) hasn't been reviewed on Yelp yet.  Well, I'm here to correct this embarassing and borderline shameful oversight. Perhaps one of the reasons for this omission is its unabashed lack of glamour.  El Patio spends next to nothing on self-promotion and advertising, nor does it really care about sprucing up its physical imprint on the Drag to attract young hipsters.  Why?  1) Because such behaviors are against the unwritten code of real Tex-Mex joints;  and 2) They feel their food ought to be sufficient to get folks in the door.  In an ideal world this latter hope would be true, but in the image-obsessed Austin of 2007, you gotta be sexy.  In fact, there are scores of local so-called Tex-Mex joints that are faves among the Chalupa Chic set even though their culinary offerings are scarcely better than a lukewarm TV dinner. Not to name names, but G#@!*%'s is in this category, as is his female friend T_____'s.  But if you just want a big plate of old school, mind-blowing Tex-Mex, El Patio is the joint.  I recommend the largest plate of cheese enchiladas you can order as a first-visit must. Please do get something with refried beans (which shouldn't be hard). These fart bullets are the best I know of anywhere, made just as they should with real manteca (that's lard, folks) and so yummy they make you do a food gig. For you carnivores, I suggest the picadillo, a delectable mixture of lightly cooked taco meat with chopped potatoes, onions, green peppers, and mouth-watering spices.  But the highlight is the puffy tacos.  Don't ask, just order it.  You will thank me tomorrow. If the puffy taco was a movie, El Patio would be Stephen Spielberg. For a man of simple tastes with an appreciation for the gaudy, El Patio has many charms. First, the waitstaff carry little napkins over their arms.  Like I said: old school. Second, they are incredibly fast and polite. There is one especially rad waiter who must have been there when they opened. He must be close to 80 now and just the coolest. Rap with him!  Second, as in the tradition of every Tex-Mex joint worth its rim salt, you get your choice of free sherbet or praline upon exit.  I am now limp with ecstasy. Finally, and most memorably, despite El Patio's bedrock status as a sho-nuff Tex-Mex joint, they offer NO CHIPS AND SALSA.  So cool.  Instead, they proudly offer saltines and butter. Take that, wanna-bes. El Patio:  Bringing SexyBack to Tex-Mex.
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2007,4/9/2007,103,156,3,1,1>I had a "business brunch" here this morning and I really liked it. Maybe it's because I have a thing for Cajun-ness. Not the food necessarily but the novelty of things being "cajun" - it tickles my fancy.We ordered a bunch of beignets. If you don't know what that is then you should come here and find out. There's a section of the menu that is a glossary of cajun terms, beignet is one of them. They're these fried dough pastry things, like donuts but French. You won't find beignets on the menu (aside from the glossary) but rest assured they do make 'em here. Try the strawberry stuffed ones.The Parish is above this place and it's like eating in my bedroom back in L.A. You can totally hear everything going on upstairs. On one hand it's kind of cool because you can kind of get a free show but on the other hand it's annoying as all hell. You know, like when you're trying to go to sleep but the upstair's neighbor's dog keeps running around the house and you can hear it's nails clicking on the hardwood and it goes crashing into furniture and the walls.The staff is super friendly and the decor is tres cool. It's got an upper level but I'm not sure if that's open to diners.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2007,4/8/2007,2077,1403,1,7,3>The Grapevine area is almost an embarrassment of riches:  within the confines of this one strip center, tucked along Mopac just south of the Steck exit, lies Grapevine market (with its exquisite wine selection), Yogagroove (if you'd like to get your sweat and peaceful stretch on), and Grapevine salons, who can help ensure that your hair doesn't get in your eyes for each of the other two experiences. Grapevine Salons is, essentially, a conclave of stylists who rent individual work spaces from the property owner:  what they seem to have in common is a gift for high-end hairstyling that trends affordable and, far as I can tell, chic.   While I might not consider myself an expert on hair salon choices (I consider it a victory when I don't have to wear a hat), I've had great luck here, along with several folks who seem to have much more in the way of a high maintenance hair requirements.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2007,4/7/2007,224,413,3,6,4>This bar is like a country bar from 60 years ago. I wish i had taken a photo to upload because you kinda have to see it to believe it. Rustic decor, picnic tables out back with smokers. Perfect for a cold beer on a Saturday, lots of friendly regulars. Ashtrays every where. OK, I am from California and I happen to smoke, but in California you can't even light up at the Ocean and forget about a bar.  Did i say ashtrays everywhere? I mean at least three ashtrays per customer, even in the ladies room. I hear there is live music here as well. I will definitely be back and will bring the camera next time.
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2007,4/6/2007,467,441,,7,5>I. Love. Video.This is the most amazing video store I've ever been into.  You can find absolutely anything that your little heart desires.  I've been catching a lot of crap from some of my friends because I haven't seen many of the random 80s movies that everyone and their mother has...so I hit up I Love Video.  They had all of the movies that I needed to see (some of them on VHS only, though...I didn't have a VCR at the time).On the wall upstairs, the movies are organized by director...I also went through a Coen brothers kick...making movies pretty easy to find.  The staff is always incredibly helpful and are incredibly knowledgable about their selection.  They are also willing to recommend movies that they think you will enjoy.I'm endlessly amused by the commentary on the boxes as well as by the cut up Blockbuster cards behind the counter.  Also, read the articles and pictures on the counter while you're paying...another one of the little things that amuse me to no end.  Don't forget, either, free beer on Tuesdays!!!
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,4/5/2007,421,603,5,6,5>It goes a little something like thisSusie G: Umm.... So totally random and you probably cant help but I'm looking for a book. I think the first word is little, and it has a black and white cover and was made into a movie??Bookstop employees: Umm..We can search for the first word, but there are over 125 little ____  something titles on the first page of our results.Susie G: No worries, Ill just check it out myself.( 5 minutes later, Bookstop associate arrives holding the exact book triumphantly)Bookstop employee: I knew someone would know what the book was!Susie G : ( Stares. Aghast.)Smallish Bookstore. DAMN good customer service.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2007,4/4/2007,70,461,3,2,2>It was a hot day.  Despite drinking tons of beer, I've only eaten a bagel in like 24 hours.  My old person body can't take this college-like abuse!  Without thinking where I'm going or what I'm doing (well, I suppose foraging...?), I ran off from the outdoor show a block away.  When I saw "Southern Comfort Restaurant" on the sign, I swear I could hear a chorus of angels....but then again, I was fuckin hungry, hot, and somewhat delirious.Tony's is a cute little joint.  It's not so little, actually and they have plenty of tables with green checkered tablecloths and curtains.  The menu is full of Southern classics--a dilemma for me because Austin is as close to the South as I get most of the time so I had better choose wisely.  I was torn between country fried steak and chicken and waffles.  Because I'm a scientist of chicken and waffles, I chose the latter.  (Also, the menu said it was a "Belgium [sic]" waffle which I thought was cute.)I must say, it wasn't the perfect chicken and waffles.  The waffle was slightly undercooked and not crispy enough.  And I vastly prefer chicken thighs, but they only serve boneless breast.  But the chicken was very juicy and well-seasoned. That's about all I can say about the food.  There was no groaning in pleasure or excessive licking of chops.  Normally, in a situation like this, I would give the place three stars.  However, everyone here was really super friendly and nice and it made up for the ok food.  On my way out, the cook (presumably Tony?)--with a droopy chef's hat, chilling out in the dining room watching a basketball game--smiled and asked me "Didja like the foooood?"  all casual-like as if I'm a regular.  There are other pluses to Tony's.  First, I ordered iced tea and I was asked if I want "regular" or sweet tea.  Hellooooo, sweet tea!!  I wish more people would ask me that question when I go out to eat at home.  Second, the sweet-voiced waitress was wearing a Misfits shirt.  You will have to go there and see her to know that you wouldn't necessarily peg her as someone who'd wear a Misfits shirt.  But when I asked her if she's into them, she said that she had a glow in the dark Misfits shirt that someone stole so she had to replace it with a non-glow in the dark one.  For me, that's enough to make me want to give them another chance next year.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2007,4/3/2007,41,22,3,4,5>Vivo has a special place in my heart as My Neighborhood Joint.  You know how everyone has "their" place, the go-to spot for a bad day, a birthday, and everything in between?  Well, this one is mine.  My platonic life partner and I spent pretty much every single Thursday night there last semester, bracing ourselves for a brutally boring night class with a stiff margarita and a good taco.  While often maligned for their priciness, I have to say that their margaritas NEVER fail to pleasantly dull the edges of a long day.  I'm obsessed with the chicken fajita tacos and Megan never goes wrong with the many veggie options.  The interior and patio atmosphere are pitch perfect and the waitstaff is always very friendly and attentive.  I will say that while I love getting roses (free setting for my kitchen table!), I often ponder the gender politics of the rose receipt.  But then again, I'm a neurotic sociologist, so ignore me.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2006,4/2/2007,24,69,5,3,3>One of my favorite indie music stores in the country for precisely one reason... it's not staffed by otherwise unemployable assholes.This is the biggest compliment I can give the place, seriously.I don't know if you've ever gone into an indie record shop and attempted to find a record that's even thinking about becoming successful, but I have. And I'm not talking walking in and asking for effing K-Fed records, I'm talking about really good, pretty hip records like Bloc Party, Lady Sovereign, and bloody Phoenix.  At another store (I won't name), I almost ripped a guys beard off due to the ignorant sneer on his mug when I asked for a pair of tickets (that they were selling!) to a show later that weekend.  I don't know how long it takes to rip a beard off, but I would have done it strand by strand if I had to.  And then I would have ever so gingerly torn his little 'vintage' metal T-Shirt just enough so as to remove it's delicate irony.  You don't know metal, you little punk. I know a guy in Stuttgart who would burn you and then eat you for pretending to be metal.Uh, deep breath.So, in closing, I hate certain people who work at certain indie music stores.  None of them work here.AND... they've got great records, reasonable prices (and I say that with a grain of salt, because buying Cd's is so 2002) and some cool trinkets.  I bought my girlfriend some band-aids with little skulls on them. She likes pirates. I like her.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2007,4/1/2007,45,31,3,3,1>I had been going to an amazing colorist down at Avant for two years, but she ended up leaving, and I eventually decided that it was probably a blessing in disguise as Avant is great but cost me so much money.  Hearing nothing but good things about JR Salon from friends and through Yelp, I went there the first time yesterday for not one, but two hair changes - a cut AND a color.  That's putting a lot of my eggs in one basket, I thought, but was ready to see what magic they could pull off.  Met with Kim, my colorist, first, and showed her two photos of what I wanted, trying to act like I happened to have pictures from US Weekly only because I was looking for hair colors, but then admitting that I'm a frequent reader of the magazine.  She didn't look at me aghast, and I knew we were off to a good start.   My two choices: Cameron Diaz dark brown with a bright pink streak, or Julianne Moore red.  She looked at the pictures, looked at my hair and skin, and gave me really good recommendations that would get me as close as I could to my preferences while still keeping my own coloring in mind.  It's now a reddish brown that looks especially good in the sunlight.  My other stylist was Ashley, and she was cutting my hair.  I wanted bangs, but was scared, as the last time I had bangs was the late 80's and I had a cowlick (sp?), making me look uber dorky.  She took my fear into consideration and suggested long side-swept bangs.  My fear is now gone, and they look good down or up in a barrette (v. important for my curly unless I straighten it - and can't be bothered with that more than once a week - hair).  Great experience, and very cheap!Cut $40Color $50
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2007,3/31/2007,50,82,12,4,4>On our first date, Freebirds was funky enough. She had good taste, but I wasn't blown away. She wasn't totally friendly, and almost seemed too complex. I would get a chicken burrito on wheat, and it was OK.  I had been dating Chipotle for a while. Chipotle was so low maintenance.  Freebirds is right across the street, so we were fated to cross paths often.Now on our 10th date, I am starting to fall in love deeply with Freebirds. It turns out that there is method and meaning behind her complex world view. She is artistic, and very ambitious. As a good lover does, she accepts and even caters to  my quirks while pushing me to be a better man. I have graduated from a Chicken Freebird to a MONSTER on wheat with chicken, beef, AND fajita with pinto beans, cheese, rice, tomato, cilantro, pico, salsa, roasted garlic, AND lime juice. Yeah, I'm in love. Freebird loves me LONG time. We're talking 3 times in a day. I have to pace myself. I have quite the appetite, and there I am turning down the burrito saying," we'll finish later." That's right: One Monster equals three meals. The secret is to NOT get lettuce. Everything else microwaves well, but the lettuce turns nasty when nuked.Freebird's mission, as stated on their website, is to be the best burrito experience in the world. I love the goal, and I think they may be getting close to it.
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,3/30/2007,81,68,7,6,6>Boys: If you have done something terribly wrong, take your girl here after a nice brunch. The landscape is gorgeous and the flowers are so beautiful, even you will appreciate their existence. Women: Drag your man here if he has done something wrong. Families: Perfect daily get away. There are trails to walk along, flowers you've never seen, and children anywhere so yours won't be the only one running around.Oh, just be sure and go in the spring when it is nice and cool. More flowers are in bloom in May and April.
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2006,3/29/2007,65,140,12,5,4>You're driving a Hummer, have a closet full of Brioni, and Kiton suits.Your shoes are Berluti, Lobb, and Dingman.Your shirts are all tailor made and of the finest cloth.And only silk or pure satin sheets adorn your bed.Your personal shopper knows to only visit the finest stores, or face your wrath, and you have just run out of ways topiss away money and show your decadence.Well baby, pull that Hummer right up front of Truluck's.For what you drop for a meal for two here, you could feedA family of twelve in Arkansas for a month, and that's not counting drinks.I am so ashamed to say, I have eaten here, (forgive me lord) twice and enjoyed every mouth watering bite. If mommy, and daddy are paying your credit card bill, you have a company expense account, or you just got a nice birthday check from rich uncle Barry, --- drop on in.The food will be absolutely top notch.Service will be as fine as any you find anywhere any time.Fat boys and girls --- if you don't have a snack before youcome in, you are likely to walk out hungry.Portions are fair and right for a fine dinning experience, butNot enough for those that biggy size is a way of life at theTable.Is it worth the money --- yes, I think so.Will I be back --- my guess yes. (when rich uncle Barry sends the next check)
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2007,3/28/2007,89,85,,12,1>This small museum is located on the UT campus, and is easy to get to. Consisting of four floors, you can view then entire museum in an hour. When you first enter, you are in the Great Hall, with a pterodactyl skeleton suspended above. This room has some nice gems and quartz, plus bugs, bones, etc. It is sort of a showcase of their collection. The other floors have exhibits showing dinosaur bones, fossils, dioramas of wildlife scenes, aquatic exhibits, evolution, etc. There is also a Paleo-lab, where you can see how the paleontologists do their thing.There's a lot to learn about at the Texas Memorial Museum, and it is pretty interesting for K-Elementary school kids, especially if they like dinosaurs. Our 5-year old was really digging it, and our 3-yr old had a good time as well.  I'd recommend starting at the 4th floor and ending in the 1st floor (basement), as the 1st floor has the most impressive exhibits. Nice to end on a good note! Oh, there's also a small gift store as well.Admission is free, but parking in the garage next door will cost you:0 - 30 minutes: No Charge31 - 60 minutes: $261 - 90 minutes: $491 - 120 minutes: $6Over 2 hours: $8utexas.edu/tmm
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,3/27/2007,30,40,2,2,5>I LIVE in Austin and still checked into the San Jose!!!Ok, well my living situation was very weird at that time and I needed to get away from life's craziness...so I decided to pamper myself. Staying there was one of the best decisions I made last year!  The rooms are chic. The atmosphere is lively.  The cheese platter is delicious!  Wonderful get-a-way! Highly recommend this place!
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2007,3/26/2007,170,31,2,3,>For some reason, I can never remember the name of this coffeehouse (I always want to call it Airport instead of Flightpath).  Thank goodness Yelp let me find it on the map! In any case - this is a great, hip, space.  I love the decor and soft lighting.  As one of the quieter coffee places in Austin, it's a great place to go if you want to get a lot of work done.
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2007,3/24/2007,20,96,16,2,8>A True Star Seeds StoryIt was August in the year 2001, and I was hanging out with my roommate Spangler, and our friends Yorkie and Bova. That night, we were drinking a handle of Jim Beam on the front porch of my house at Grooms and 33rd.  By four in the morning, we were trashed and starving and thought that Star Seeds would be the place to be...We came into the joint, sat down at a booth and had the menus thrown at us as is the usual Star Seeds custom.  There were about ten other patrons, dining on greasy breakfasts. We all ordered waters, coffee, and food.  The waitress was surly and looked tired.  Black Dog by Led Zepellin played on the jukebox and Spangler (who has read Hammer of the Gods at least 40 times) jumped onto the table, screaming "hey hey mama say the way you move..." and kicking over all of the waters and coffee, spilling some on the punk couple making out in the booth next to us.The manager rushed out of the kitchen yelling "Have you assholes paid for your meal yet?!" "FUCK NO!" we yelled back."FINE! THE MEALS ON ME!" he shouted back. The manager then told all of the other patrons to get the fuck out of the diner and go home. After they left he put a sign on the door saying "The joint's CLOSED you assholes" and then we spent the next hour eating our free meals and singing songs and table dancing with the manager. End of story. As far as a food review: It was so long ago that all I remember about the food was that it was greasy and didn't taste that bad if you were really drunk. I never ate there during daylight hours and I would recommend you follow the same strategy.
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2007,3/23/2007,5,2,,3,2>I cannot say enough about how great this place is. First of all, you can't get service like this anymore.  Eclectic builds up a very loyal clientele base because of their service. Diana and the doctors are top notch, and will bend over backwards to get you what you need.  For instance: I was stuck in France and ran out of contacts, and Diana overnighted a pair to me. I paid for the shipping, but it was a hassle for her to fill out the paperwork and stuff and she was right on top of it.The frame selection, as other reviewers have mentioned, is super cool. They carry a line called Pro Design from Denmark that I really like. Check this place out!!!!
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2007,3/22/2007,52,47,1,2,2>Restaurant Jezebel was a place I'd heard of from someone else but really had no idea what I was in for.  The atmosphere of Austin posh and dimly lit intimacy make for an immediate interest towards what's in store.  The menu tells you outright that they're devoted to your experience - no tips are ever added to the bill and the wine list isn't marked up to insane levels.  (although it is still pricey)  The setup is great - and the waitstaff execute it perfectly.The menu is also excellent.  Everything I had that night was wonderful.  The steak tartare was outstanding, the veal chop cooked perfectly, and the bananas foster out of this world.  There were a dozen other things on the entrees list that sounded fantastic that I can't wait to go back and try...I highly recommend this restaurant.  With wine it is a splurge for sure, but one worth having.
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,3/21/2007,233,56,1,7,6>I'm currently only in my second week of the Southwest Austin boot camp.  I love it so far.  I complain about it to everyone I know - not the program itself but the audacity of the thought that I would actually get up at 5:00 AM three times a week to go to an outdoor park to work out.  It seems a little silly, especially during the worst season of weather in Texas in the last year.However, so far I'm really enjoying the program itself.  Our workouts are varied and perfectly suited to various levels of fitness.  Our trainer Stephanie isn't nearly as drill-sergeant as I expected her to be.  In fact, she just motivates us and tells us what to do.  There is no in-your-face-yelling or anything like that.If you feel like you need to get your butt in shape, and you've got some extra cash, try it out.  I'm by no means a morning person but I actually look forward to my 5:30-6:30 AM workouts on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.  They have evening classes as well as various locations and co-ed classes. I encourage you to enlist!!
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2007,3/20/2007,50,5,1,5,5>This coffee house is my new home office. The space is spacious and quiet. Free WIFI, good cappuccinos, and if you come early they have the delicious breakfast tacos from Taco Deli. Furthermore, you'll help change the world with every delicious coffee you drink. Dominican Joe's primary coffee is purchased from Makarios, an Austin-based non-profit organization doing educational development work in the Dominican Republic. Skipping the large corporate middle-man, Makarios works directly with farmers in the region and pays them higher wages and supports their communities in an effort to develop self-sustaining skills for the future.
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2007,3/19/2007,76,266,11,,2>Sorry, but I won't be spending $15,000 on a rug today.  Maybe tomorrow, I'll have to balance my checkbook after paying off my Mercedes in two payments.Things I might spend $15,000 on include a car, a house, or part ownership in my favorite baseball team, the Detroit Tigers.  They seem to be doing just fine with me just rooting them on, however.  I'm sure that the Pakistani rugs offered at this store are great if you are into this sort of thing and can appreciate it.  As for me, I would probably just walk all over it with my muddy feet and then try to vacuum it up with my Shop Vac.  It wouldn't be pretty.
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2006,3/17/2007,10,11,4,2,2>Under normal circumstances, I would not stay at a coffee/beer house until two in the morning with unpleasant company, but Spider House made me do it.  I was on a first date with a guy I met on *cough* myspace (yes, you are fully permitted to poke fun at, belittle, and curse me).  We started out with coffee, mine black, no sugar no cream.  I like mine like I like my beer--dark.  Things started out nicely, some eclectic group with some unusual uniforms beat out a mere song or two on the stage.  I don't really know if it was supposed to be music, it was more of an avant-garde vomiting of chords and a yelp now and then, but times like these remind me of why I so love Austin.We were outside, the weather was still lovely at this point.  There was a grand assortment of once-possible seating options, but indeed it was difficult to find a place to rest my tush due to the popularity of this cafe.  The coffee was actually very good, but things were getting grave as far as company goes, so it didn't take me long to examine the beer.  Escape tactics, yessur.  Because my date apparently could not be silenced until his entire Life and Times (the whole collection of I'd guess to be about nine volumes) were to be heard by me, I had ample time to use my mouth not for conversing but for drinking.Thank You Spider House.  The vast edibles, drinkables, caffeinables, and amazing stimuli for the eyes (people, decor, waiter who kindly came by a time or two) make this place a wonderful choice for a date with someone you might not like, or with your step parents, or with your homework, or essentially, with any company that you feel will bore you out of your mind.  Spider House, with all its nuances and goings-on, can make anything tolerable, and, dare I say it, enjoyable.I plan to return with some better company and see what kind of magic this place can dish out then.  For now, however, I am glad we went to Spider House instead of, say, Starbucks, where I would probably not be here writing. That night, with a less inspiring atmosphere, I just might have grabbed a bagel knife and distracted myself that way. horsies,andrea
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2007,3/16/2007,55,83,,2,3>The first time I ever went to Gene's was on a sunny spring day, and for whatever reason, I didn't have to work. I went with my brother and we each got a catfish po'boy and sat out on the patio, enjoying the good weather and chatting about this and that. The food was delicious and it was just one of those perfect, lazy-day afternoons that you always remember fondly.I've been back to Gene's since, and somehow the food doesn't quite measure up to that first time, but it's still very yummy. There's both indoor and outdoor seating, although if you sit indoors, prepare to be lambasted by blaring sports TV. On the plus side, they've got some nifty Mardi Gras decor in the main room, though the whole place looks a little dingy and run-down. Don't let that deter you, though. It's part of the charm.A couple cool things about Gene's -- there's an original Gene's Po Boys in New Orleans (according to a friend of mine who lived there), but it closed down after Katrina, and the Austin one is the only survivor to the legacy. Gene also doesn't seem to believe in receipts. They operate on an honor system. You order, eat, and when you're done, come to the register and tell 'em what you had. Seems to work for them so far. Gene's is like a holdover from another era, and I guess that's one of the reasons I like it so much.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2007,3/15/2007,5,13,1,4,3>I've been having some extensive repair and refurbishment to my choppers, gums and the foundation of my now always at the ready smile.  None of it could have been placed in more skilled hands, nor could the entertainment factor have been better than it is with Dr. Nicosia.  I actually look forward to each procedure, regardless of how painful I know it might be.  She seems to use liberal amounts of laughter as the best possible medicine to help get me through anything and everything, plus she's got the best follow up I've ever had from an oral surgeon.  She's even phoned me from home on a holiday weekend just to check on my condition.  She delivers her super service with the superb skill of completely competent oral surgeon coupled with an amazingly entertaining professional personna of a ditzy though delightful dememted dentally deliberate dame of fine repute.  I give her five stars without reservation.  She's been a wonderful defender of my dental health for more than 8 years now.  In fact, I owe most of my proudly displayed smile to her these days.
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,3/13/2007,128,427,1,9,5>The Soup Peddler began with a man on a bike. Once upon a time, David Ansel pedaled all over South Austin delivering soups. Today, it's kind of the same deal. But instead of bikes, the peddler has trucks; instead of serving South Austin, they have clientele all over the city; and, in addition to being a neighborhood hero, he has gained national recognition.The Soup Peddler is pretty much exactly as it sounds. Home delivery of specialty soups. They've expanded to casseroles, pies, quiches, and entrees (like this week's apple-stuffed pork chops), but the soup is still the star.Check out their website for more info, but here's how it works. Order online, leave a small cooler on your front porch on delivery day, and come home to ready-made soup. (You do have to warm the food yourself, but I don't think punching "Re-Heat" on the microwave qualifies as hard labor.) The soups (that I've tried) are delicious and you have to admit...soup peddling is a pretty cool concept.Soup Peddler is Austin at its best.
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2006,3/13/2007,1062,3449,,1,5>This place is the biz-omb -- from the tasty mole, to the ultra-limey and fresh ceviche, to the spicy flavorful green and red salsas, to the garlic butter fish w/ shards of perfectly roasted garlic, the warm tortillas, to the drinks with fresh mulled juices, to the handmade dulce de leche that graced the fresh crepe. The tropical, dark, classy ambiance, attentive and knowledgeable service, perfect flavors, everything was superb, organically grown/hormone free, tastefully presented (big, but not over the top, portions), a nice balance of textures, flavors, colors. The best Mexican I have ever had. Period.
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,3/11/2007,96,471,1,1,2>Let's get something straight here people: Hula Hut is NOT a mexican food restaraunt.  It's beach-influenced tex-mex, which means, it involves fish, tortillas, chips, salsa and margaritas, and that's about it.  What is it really?  It's a place to get sauced on a beautiful Austin afternoon on Mexican beer.  Stuff yourself with the awesomely huge chicken and guacamole tubular taco, which is more like a burrito on steroids and drink all the beer you can on the deck.  That's what it's for.  Don't like waiting?  Move away from Austin.  Your impatience isn't welcome here.
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2007,3/10/2007,14,23,,,3>Upper Crust is on my Top 10 Places to Chill in Austin, if for no other reason than their Cheese Soup. It is absolutely amazing!! I have spent many pleasant times here, be it Spinach Ricotta Rounds and a latte in the morning... or a scoop of Chicken Salad and the aforementioned soup for lunch. If it is any indication of the quality and ambiance of this place, it seems that Upper Crust has a devout and loyal morning crowd as that everytime I stop in on my way to work, I see famliar and smiling faces.  Artisan breads and tea loafs make nice gifts too!
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2007,3/9/2007,135,351,3,2,>This nifty but contrived high maintenance chain does not disappoint in terms of flavor or participation, but man oh man I do not have the patience.After waiting for our entire party due to the drill Sergeants at the hostess stand, a friendly waiter came to our table, after about 10 minutes, and told us to put on our seatbelts, because it was going to be a bumpy night.We never understood what that was supposed to mean.What he should have said was that if we had plans, cancel them, because our meal was going to last FOUR HOURS.I just can't sit anywhere that long, let alone a restaurant so far north I felt I was just outside Dallas.We did enjoy ourselves. The process, albeit painfully slow, was fun, got to know some new peeps, but staring at my watch for the tenth time, enough was enough. A restaurant shouldn't feel like a stint in jail, especially a life sentence, and an expensive one at that.They DO let you come in and just do dessert fondue, which would almost be worth it if it wasn't so far north.  If you find yourself that far north craving some mad chocolate, it's pretty fantastic.
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2007,3/8/2007,212,150,12,5,6>I was a little underwhelmed. I had some work to do, and I remembered the good reviews of this place on Yelp, so I decided to give it a whirl.I just got a bottomless cup of coffee (Costa Rican), which I'd give a 7.5 on my Taste-O-Meter (patent pending). It also wasn't so hot temperature-wise. What was cool, though, was the decor. I sat in the little nook comprised of a vintage couch and coffee table. After a time, I leaned back to rest a moment, and saw they have little vintage radios hanging from the ceiling. Very cool.Unfortunately, that's where my good times ended. One of the employees, who was checking her email, got a phone call. She talked. And talked. This woman was not using her inside voice, either. She kept talking, and now I know all about her friend's legal troubles. I couldn't concentrate on my work. At one point, another customer and I shared a moment when we both realized we were staring at the loud employee.I gathered my things. No more work would be done. She was still talking as I walked out. But what I really wanted to do before I left was summon the spirit of the late, great Chris Farley: "Why don't you just SHUT YOUR BIG YAPPER!!"
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,3/7/2007,21,68,3,,3>The flavors are amazing.  The nicest buffet in Austin.Alborz started out as a Tex-Mex food court denizen called "Taco Arriba" in Northcross Mall.  An Iranian lady I knew threw a persian food party and I asked her who catered the excellent food.  "Taco Arriba!" she said.  Unbelief.  The proprietor started slipping in more dishes from his native land, and soon Taco Arriba became Chelo Kabab.  Finally came Alborz in the present location.  In my mind's eye I kind of see that evolution chart we all know where on the left side is the slouching simian, followed by various stooped hominids, and then a guy in a top hat on the right side.  Alborz is the guy in the top hat.Don't miss it!
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,3/6/2007,38,85,3,1,>I love Whole Paycheck...I mean, Whole FOODS.  I don't get to shop there often, but the selection can't be beat.  I've paid for some of the cooking classes there and learned a thing or two in the process.  They have a great wine and cheese selction, too.  One of my favorite things to do is to get a bottle of wine and a cheese plate and take it upstairs to the roof/patio...a great people-watching spot.  Try it if you're looking for something relaxing to do on a warm night.
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2007,3/5/2007,4,2,2,2,>I don't know about you, but I sure can eat the shit out of some mexican food! And where else would you want to go to eat such food than the eastside at De Las Casas off 7th Street. Now I wouldn't go so far as to say that those four stars are for everything on the menu, becuase lets face it I am a chick and can only eat one plate of food in a sitting after queso and chipas. So I am giving this star mark here on a one time experience.....which I must say was fabulastic!We sat out on the patio, there was a nice breeze going. The waiter, which my friend knows  very well seeing that she eats there once a week, named Joe was relaxed yet attentive to our dinning needs. But it wasn't the massive amounts of soda that he offered me which won my heart that night......but the avocado enchilada special on the right side of the foldy plastic menu. Sauteed avocado with vegetables wrapped in a corn tortilla.....just smothered in their special avocado cheesy sauce...with a delicate sprinklin' of lettuce and tomato ontop. On the side a bed of charro or refried beans with rice. It was like heaven each bit and trust me....I wanted to die over and over. So if you know what is good for you, and I am talking really good for you....then make your way to De Las Casas and for goodness sake order this dish and just prove me wrong....because in heart of hearts...I bet you can't!!!
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2006,3/4/2007,284,200,3,6,4>Just realized I wrote my review ages ago for the wrong HEB:Once you go to H-E-B you can't shop for groceries anywhere else. The Dallas-Fort Worth are totally NEEDS one of these because it would kick Kroger, Tom Thumb and Albertson's asses. Here's why you should go to this specific H-E-B, which is so conveniently close for me - although many H-E-Bs provide the same services:1) There's a bus stop in the parking lot that will take you downtown (I wonder if I can just park my car in the lot and then jump on the bus???)2) You can buy bus passes here. Just say you're a student and see if they actually check.3) They sell fresh-made sushi4) They have a lot of the fresh produce and imported goods that Central Market (owned by HEB) sells.5) You can go to the Chase ATM - my bank!
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2006,3/3/2007,52,28,2,1,3>Four stars for the awesome veggie burgers and fries. I'd say better than most in Austin. Decent soft tacos as well. But enough about the food...Great selection of drafts, good HH specials every-day (but Saturday). Lots of indoor/outdoor seating, but the place is always crowded during peak times. Go early to get a dart board or pool table to entertain you through the night.C & A = friends to dogs (they always bring out a big dish of water for your pup).
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2007,3/2/2007,25,6,,2,1>It absolutely baffles me when I hear about people's poor experiences at Maiko's.  I constantly hear about the bad service and mediocre food.  Perhaps it's because I've never been there for dinner...  I dunno.  Maiko's is one of my favorite happy hour spots after work.   The rolls and the nigiri are nice and inexpensive.  My new favorite roll there is the spicy escolar...  very "buttery" fish that pretty much melts in your mouth.  The tiger eye is really good as well if you ask them to put half the amount of cream cheese in it.  Hmmmm, I'm craving a happy hour with my girls now.....
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,3/1/2007,22,68,3,,6>After four years of schooling at UT I was asked to move to San Francisco. When I did the move, I knew I would be giving up three things in life in exchange for living in California.1) Concealed carry permits2) No income taxes3) Trudy's martinis.I love Trudy's so much. I have tried to get my company to send me on business back to Austin so that I can sit here with my old Austin friends and suck down two martinis and have their salsa and chips and food. Trudy's is something that I miss so dearly from the bottom of my heart.I have so many fond memories of Trudy's, like having to bike back because I was too completely sloshed to drive (factor in some pre-drinking here), or going here for brunch after my friend picked me up because I was still too messed up from the night before to drive and sitting down, trying to eat my Migas and not tip the table over at 10:30 AM.Given the number of girls I dated, I would say a good solid half of my relationships either began or ended at Trudy's or within some temporal proximity thereof, or Trudy's in some way played some critical part in my relationships, either in the bonding over martinis or the deep conversations that occur when you're waiting to get your table to eat before a night dt or partying in west campus.I still have not come close to trying to describe the impact that Trudy's has had on my life. Trudy's is my lulu's of Austin, where I'll get the brightest of my friends and we'll throw out VC ideas or crazy engineering or web or entrepreneurial ideas that we might have actually remembered if we weren't drinking two martinis and then partying after. I have found nothing like it in the bay area or elsewhere. I have not been able to find the vibe or the drinks or the crowd anywhere. It's one of a kind, something so dear to my heart that I yearn to return to Austin for.
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2007,2/28/2007,339,246,,1,4>My third new year's resolution for 2007 is "go to the Draught House (pronounced "drafthouse" like the theater) on a regular basis." I don't even have an excuse not to fulfill this resolution since I live within walking distance. I guess I have to drink more...I love this relaxed neighborhood pub: the selection of beer (some of which are their own brews, regulars and seasonals), the atmosphere, the newly upgraded dartboards (now, with backlighting!), and the kosherness of wandering out of the bar and having your beer in the parking lot if it happens to be too crowded indoors, which happens quite frequently nowadays.My favorites (depending on my mood) are Boddington's, Ace pear cider, Guinness, Belhaven, Woodchuck amber cider and Paulaner Hefeweizen. But go there and find your own preferred selection of happy juice.The verdict: the Draught House is your local stop for a wide beer selection (no nationwide chain here). It exudes an inexplicable charm that pulls me back for more. And you can't go wrong with their rotating daily specials: draughthouse.com/special
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2007,2/27/2007,23,21,1,1,1>It does not get any better than this.    Pulled-pork BBQ, fried pickles, Bass on tap, and events like the Buffy Sing-Along make this my favorite destination in Austin.For those that haven't been, this place is really geared toward my generation (early to mid 30s for the most part).   The crowds and the staff all just seem to get it.   The irony, the cultural references, and the events are all suited perfectly to people of my age group.   My generation is a little more grown up and I think we're at the point now that we get tired of being overrun by the hipsters in their 20s or god-forbid those awful high school students everywhere and the Alamo Drafthouse seems like a refuge from all of that.   It's just wonderful that this place exists.It is heaven.
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2007,2/26/2007,2,4,,1,2>This place is great and super cheap! Definately the best bfast taco deal I have found. What's even better...they don't use lard in their beans! Here's what I get: 3 bean and potato tacos with cilantro and onion for $3.30. Prices are never consistent because sometimes they charge for extra toppings and sometimes they don't. But either way, it's yummy and cheap..so just eat it and don't complain. Their salsas are also amazing and incredibly spicy. Rico's has recently changed ownership and is now called Ponce's Patio. While the staff is friendlier, the food comes out quicker, and there is better outdoor seating, they now use crappy styrofoam trays for every order! The old place used paper and plastic baskets...which was a lot less wasteful.
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2006,2/25/2007,20,147,1,5,1>For the price & hype, I was disappointed.  Jeffrey's is always mentioned as "best of Austin", but I'd put it at "okay for Austin".To start:  I wanted to get the full experience, so I got the "tasting menu".  I should have taken it as a bad sign that everything on the tasting menu was also on the full menu.  The tasting menu was really just a "prix fixe"--2 appetizers, a full entree, and a full dessert.  This is quite alot of food at Texas size portions.  Throw in a caviar blini & an "amuse bouche", & it was just outsize.0) Amuse Bouche:  Tart with tuna on top.  The tart crust was very dry.1) Caviar blini:  eh.  Smallish dollop of caviar.2) Truffled Duck Pate with ginger biscuits:  This was great!!  Very good.  I'm a sucker for Pate though. 3) Seared Ahi Tuna.  Another "eh".  When even HEB has Tuna, it doesn't really thrill anymore.  Nothing special.4) Lamb with Bread pudding.  This was actually very well prepared.  However, I was definitely slowing down at this point.5) Pecan Tart.  VERY VERY DRY.  I don't know if they want patrons to drink more, but I could only choke down a couple bites.Service:  Great, though our food came out very slowly--it took about 3 hours.Wine Pairing:  Nice.  I was happy with the 1/2 glasses--2 1/2 glasses with dinner is about the right amount.  For a special occasion, I'd pick Driskill Cafe any day.
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2007,2/24/2007,87,305,,2,4>Nice atmosphere - very new agey. The food is on the bland side, but I was impressed with the portion size and freshness of the veggies. I'll definitely be back - a lot of the regular menu items caught my eye.Also, their chai is delicious! Love that the soy/regular cost the same. What a concept!
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,2/23/2007,22,91,1,,4>I was standing outside Manuels during SXSW and had one of those surreal meetings. The ones where you meet someone and you just hit it off from the start. Well, I was on the phone and she came up ato me and started into this "You must be an important music industry guy" thing. It thought it was great so I complied and said I would be just as minute as I was firing a co-worker. I got off, we chatted, a photographer came by and took a bunch of photos of us for the Autin paper and then we both slinked inside to drink margaritas with all of the british bands that were in there. We have a date for Wed of this years SXSW all set up. Meet us there?A
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2007,2/22/2007,53,65,,3,2>dude, this website is awesome!!!you can virtually find a vacation rental anywhere around the world! so far i have used it for paris and oahu (twice)! Pros:- i can see the pictures of the rentals. - ask tons of questions. - check out the availability calendar.- its comparable or even better in price than a hotel.- many rentals have kitchens.- i can rent them last minute.- the space is usually larger than a hotel room.- its through the owner.- the areas of a city are categorized well.Cons:- its through the owner.- the website is pretty old school (needs an update and better search tools).- to look at rentals in one area, you have to scroll through a lotfrom now on, i check the site in case there are better deals on a rental here.
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,2/21/2007,56,92,6,1,3>Whenever I'm thinking about going to this place with a friend or group of people here's how the conversation generally goes:Person 1: Hey, I'm kind of hungry.. what's there to eat that's nearby (standing somewhere near campus or downtown).Person 2: Well we could go to -insert random mediocre restaurant-Me: Hey, I've got an idea... How about we go to Hoover's and make some bad decisions?Person 2: dear god....Person 1: Let's do this.We then end up at hoovers, eating way too much delicious food (you can't skip out on cobbler a la mode!) and feeling terrible afterward from overeating.  This is comfort food in every sense.  You definitely don't eat here because it's healthy, you eat here because it's tasty happiness that makes you feel good, right before making you feel like you're about to explode.I think a key to success here may be to order a normal serving, take -half- of it and put it immediately into a "to go" container, then proceed with your meal.  Unfortunately I seem to be too weak to this food's supernatural power to be able to succeed (curse you cobbler!).  If anyone can give that a shot and actually pull through with it, let me know how it goes!
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2006,2/20/2007,6,7,2,8,4>First, in case you don't know, kolaches are pastries from eastern Europe. They are usually slightly sweet bread, filled with a variety of things, from fruits, to meats and cheese. They  are addictive, and very filling too. Kolache factory is the closest place to my house to get them, and probably the best I've had in Austin (granted, I haven't been to many places). They have an amazing assortment of kolaches.It's pretty easy to pick out 4 of them and still stay under 6 bucks. I've tried, and enjoyed, the ham and cheese, apple, BBQ beef, turkey and dressing (holiday time only), jalapeno sausage and cheese. They have special holiday recipes right now, including turkey and dressing, pumpkin, and pecan. They are only open till 2pm, so it's really only a breakfast / lunch place..
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2006,2/19/2007,6,18,,3,3>This is one of the places Rachel Ray should have gone to when she was dining in Austin. It's on Manor Road's restaurant row but is still a standout. There is something nice about eating in a restaurant that is in a house as opposed to a commercial building. The garden out back continues the homey feeling and there is a gift store for those who must shop. The food is good, yuppie gourmet with a pretty wide variety of choices. The preparation and presentation is thoughtful. My only complaint is that there is limited seating. It's probably busier than ever now that the Eastside is trendy.
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2006,2/18/2007,8,212,,4,>Doc's is owned and operated by Charles Milican, who has managed a number of Austin restaurants (both Iron Cactus locations, Carlos and Charlies) with great success.  Doc's is his own place, and it seems all the lessons he's learned through his managing experience have been incorporated in to Doc's.Doc's is in an old mechanic's shop that has been converted in to a charming and relaxed place to grab some food, drink a beer, and watch a game or hang out.  They have old school video games (Pac Man anyone?) and shuffle board to compliment the half dozen flat screen televisions.The food is good, containing mostly burgers, sandwiches, salads, and platters (chicken fried steak, tilapia) and a couple of steaks.  You can probably get in/out of Doc's well fed for under $10 not including alcohol.Doc's also has daily food specials ($1 tacos on Wed, for example) and Happy Hour ($4 pitchers of Lone Star on Wed as well).
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2006,2/17/2007,110,56,,4,3>An interesting little specialty shop in the middle of an interesting little shopping center.  It's filled with all sorts of Arabic items ranging from incense to clothing to hookahs.  They also teach belly dancing classes several times a week.  I don't purchase much here aside from sheesha for my hookah, but it is a lot of fun to wander around and browse.  If you are looking for a unique gift or want to learn belly dancing, this is definitely a place to check out.
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2006,2/16/2007,724,628,2,4,4>You simply cannot go wrong with Ranch 616.  Stellar food (try the jalapeno-maiz trout; it is to die for); excellent, strong drinks; cool, funkadelic atmosphere (where else can you see a last supper painting with a pair of longhorns above it?); always great service.  Bring a sweater, 'cause they always have the A/C jacked up, though, for some reason.  Also, it can get a bit loud, so if you're looking for an intimate dining experience, this may not be your place.  But otherwise - it is fabulous.  Yum.
<review# 2647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,2/14/2007,7,4,4,6,3>The proprietor of this establishment had the stroke of genius to combine a coffee shop with an Vietnamese food outlet and attach it to an awesome patio. They succeed in each part making the whole much greater than your average shady Asian food restaurant in town, and keep me coming back.First off when you walk in the door you notice the impressive assortment of teas and coffees available for purchase to take home with you. But you didn't come here to fill your pantry; you came here to fill your stomach with tasty goodness.Their beverage assortment is quite impressive. I'm particularly fond of their peach iced tea. They also offer more drastic forms of caffeination involving coffee beans and a device that, to quote Dave Barry, "resembles a small nuclear reactor." However, this only serves to delay the colonic uprising that your body threatens if you don't feed it soon, and so you must press on to the food menu.I must admit, the food menu can be hit or miss on some dishes, but there really are only so many ways to combine vermicelli with grilled meat. I am a particular fan of their spring rolls, which are large, in charge, and obviously made fresh since their rice paper is still soft and not dried out following an extended stay in the refridgerator as found in most restaurants. As far as entrees go, you must press on beyond the occasional boring, run-of-the-mill dish that you can get at any vietnamese restaurant and order the most exotic, nutritious, and all-around-best item on the menu: The Combo Fried Rice. Fried rice not exotic you say? Well, this fried rice is special. It comes with a combination of meats, such as beef, chicken, shrimp, and pork. It also comes with both peas *and* carrots, and some other food thingies mixed in there. But most importantly of all, it's laced with crack. Ok, it's probably not crack, but there is something special in this fried rice the captivates the mind, body, and taste buds, instantly addicting those that order it. Any restaurant that can captivate my palate in such fashion is definitely worth 5-stars. It's the best fried rice in town, in my opinion, and I'm somewhat of a connoisseur of shady Asian restaurants. If you're like me and want to make yourself feel better about ordering fried rice, you can have them add veggies for a small extra charge, which helps your body to think that it's actually being nourished while you're busy enjoying the fried bits of happy. And if you dodge the lunch rush your food is usually out a few minutes after you order, hot off the wok.  If you can still fathom consuming more, they have an interesting array of chocolate and baked goods to top you off.The patio is awesome as well making Triumph a great place to get lunch on a nice day. Also, on weekend evenings, you never know what you'll get when you walk into Triumph. Musical groups from every category you can imagine show up here from time to time, and its always something interesting.So next time you're in dire need of a latte and some fried rice, drop by Triumph. They'll take care of you.
<review# 2648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2007,2/13/2007,63,353,1,6,6>Is there a preceding review that doesn't mention the hipster cadre?  No, and there is a reason--they are, save for the wooden bar, the dominant feature.  I have a high tolerance for this, apparently:  Longbranch was immediately comfortable, sort of a Lovejoy's with parking.  It filled up as the night went on, but never became too loud or crowded.  Smoking was confined to the patio.  Many have noted that drinks were pricey for the dive environment.  This is a valid point, but our drinks were ample and stout.  This saves you money and trips to the bar if you are going to be there a while.  The jukebox is great; your friends are here.  Why wouldn't you stay?
<review# 2649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,2/12/2007,1242,362,,3,3>I love Starwood, and so I am so happy that the former Marriott at the Capitol is now the Sheraton Austin. I have a great view from my 8th floor room, and the beds are comfy. No complaints here. Toiletries are by Pantene. The location is downtown, convenient to UT Austin, and only a mile away from Wink!
<review# 2650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,2/11/2007,225,591,1,1,2>Ruby took her love to town & lookit what happened. She made the Best BBQ Ever.I ate there once when I was visiting Austin, & I still daydream about it to this day. I wish they'd move their operation to San Francisco.
<review# 2651,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/29/2006,2/10/2007,80,109,,3,1>Like any of the other Baby A's locations, you shouldn't go here for the food.  However, the margaritas will pretty well knock you flat on your a*#.  As mentioned, there's always plenty of parking (this is the location that used to be Bahama Breeze) and tables are almost always available, large and small.
<review# 2652,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2007,2/9/2007,109,290,,2,3>Considering the only breadlike item you can land here is an overstuffed Texas-style croissant sandwich, it's my opinion that Au Bon Pain doesn't deserve to call itself a French bakery cafe. It's the furthest thing from it.But this location has truly amazing staff. They'll help you during closing hours if they happen to be around. They'll even give you a free apple turnover or muffin if a few hours have passed beyond breakfastime. And they look you in the eye and say thank you in a meaningful way when you leave them a tip.Au Bon Pain sucks the royal ass, but the staff keeps me coming back. I can live with the sub-par coffee and croissant if the people are prompt and care about me, and if the food doesn't disgust beyond human comparison. (See Denny's in Austin review.)
<review# 2653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2006,2/8/2007,58,162,4,4,3>When you're out of money, full of health, and you want a great buzz from helping people, the blood and tissue center is the way to go.  The volunteers and staff people there are true Austin Originals with their own stories and quirks.  The other donors all posses a feel good vibe about them.  The blood and tissue center has diverse means of extracting life saving material from your body and experts will guide you  to the most appropriate means.  I kind of like the ALYX machine which takes out red blood cells and runs everything through a centrifuge.  Not everyone is a celebrity, but we can be heroes here.  Also their "cantina" serves the best Delaware Punch anywhere in Austin.
<review# 2654,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2007,2/7/2007,6,23,,5,2>I was so disappointed by Arandas. I read all the Yelp reviews and thought I'd finally eat good Mexican food in Austin, TX but Arandas failed to satisfy. I ordered an avocado taco and the avocado tostada. They were okay, barely memorable. I went with my parents who ordered the chicken flautas and a tostada. Last night we had homemade tostadas for dinner and my dad said, "This is way better than that restaurant." The salsa there is decent but the chips had a weird texture, kind of bubbly and just strange. Service was great and they are fast on the salsa refills, but I don't think the food is worth coming back again.
<review# 2655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2007,2/6/2007,23,29,6,2,3>Last night I went to my usual fav for cheap yet good sushi, Kyoto on Congress, and found there to be an hour wait.  My date and I were so hungry that we wandered around looking for something else, and then he remembered he knew of a place up on 8th and Congress.  This is way too long of a back story.Anyway, we arrived at Silhouette, and there were very few people there so I went to look at the menu and as I was standing at the bar I saw the bartender making 2 delicious looking bloody marys.  I loudly oohed and he said they were actually Geisha Marys, made with wasabi!  I was intrigued and the menu looked reasonably priced so we took a seat.As much as I loved Kyoto, I found this place to be way better in terms of atmosphere.  There was a huge screen playing an old samurai movie playing above the sushi bar in the back and candles galore.  The Geisha Mary was awesome, bur extremely spicy so watch out!  I drank the whole thing, but it took the whole meal.  My date tried it and almost died.  The sushi was great - I recommend the peace roll. I had heard rumors of a sushi place with a toilet cam, but I had no idea that it was this place.  I did go to the bathroom, and so far have not seen myself on any of my fav hidden cam sites, so I think its safe to return.I highly recommend it!
<review# 2656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,2/5/2007,28,239,3,3,2>One of my all-time favorite places for migas... great food... totally authentic with a warm staff... but here lately, it's sadly become gentrified. They've added outdoor seating and margaritas for the yuppie crowd who have to brunch. As for me, I'll stick with the "tacos de chorizo con huevos" the way my grandmother made them.  Awesome food at an awesome price. Please leave your DKNY purse and Blackberry at home.
<review# 2657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,2/4/2007,689,1206,2,2,6>Was there recently from out of town, and the doorman's description of the bands as "confrontational, noisey, indie rock" had me at hello! We have our dives in Chicago, but this even put us to shame.The Lonestar beer was good and cheap! I had a Stella too and as it hadn't been tapped in a while the bartender was nicely apologetic, and it was still nice and fresh! The bands were young and inexperienced on the Tuesday night I was there, but it was great. Vintage video games and a great jukebox kept my tourist ass busy during the band breaks, and I had nice conversations with the bands. The men's bathroom is covered in vintage parn and tags, what charm! I'll wear my t-shirt proudly!
<review# 2658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2007,2/3/2007,143,315,,4,4>Closest thing to real NYC pizza you can find in Austin.  Yeah... it's not exactly NY pizza, but then its not done in an old brick oven which gives you the high temps needed to get that NY crust. But its still pretty darn tasty.Slices are NOT available during the dinner rush 6:30-9:30. Friday and Saturday the slice window is open until 3am!! Great for your late-nite pizza fix.The dinner rush hours are usually VERY crowded (with 30-60 minute waits) - especially on weekend nights. I've heard people complain about the wait, but I've not had more than a 30 min. wait on busy nights. I suggest going early or later... lunchtime is usually not so crowded.As another reviewer noted - slices are often from pre-made pies that are reheated. This is pretty typical of any "Slice" pizza joint (including lots of places in NYC). I'm a big fan of the Pear Gorganzola Salad. Order the Half Salad and One slice and you'll be happy.The meatball sub kicks ass. Calzones are good stuff too.So yeah... I'm a fan.
<review# 2659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,2/2/2007,219,173,1,5,5>I checked this place out on my recent visit to Austin based on its Yelp reviews.  It was exactly what we were looking for.  Stubb's combines Texas BBQ with great live music.  We enjoyed the background music while chowing down on ribs and brisket.  Life doesn't get much better than Stubb's.
<review# 2660,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2006,2/1/2007,312,517,1,2,3>I like this gym a lot because it was my first one, it's close to me, and I'm just used to it (having come regularly for the past few years).  Good Things:- Warm, cozy atmosphere due to the low ceilings, small building size, and layout of equipment into areas that are spaced like smaller rooms- Location is convenient (183 and Burnet).  The only annoying thing might be if one was coming from north 183--they'd have to do a U-turn under the freeway with a somewhat short distance to cross three lanes.- Lots of parking and the parking spots are regular size, not the compact ones- Wide variety of equipmentNot so Good Things:- During peak use times, it sometimes feels like there's not enough of each equipment.- Equipment is crowded due to lack of floor space so you're often working out very close to your neighbor.- Occasionally I see the frequently-used equipment is in poor shape.  For instance, the vinyl might be torn, grips might be torn, weight plates divider might be broken.  They do not stay broken for long, though.- Loud background music makes it hard to listen to one's own personal music player.
<review# 2661,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2007,1/31/2007,12,111,,1,1>The people are very nice here and it's great to have a separate bedroom and lounge in your room.  You can't expect too much from a hotel like this.  You know there's going to be the nasty fabrics on the couch, the curtains, and the bedspread.  You know they will be vaguely disgusting to the touch.  The sheets will invariably be made from some hideous poly-cotton blend.  It's ok, you're only staying a few nights.The one thing that I didn't expect to be crappy was the temperature control - usually hotels have that down - but ours wouldn't heat and just kept pumping out cold air.  The ambient temperature was just a little too chilly, but all in all, I can't really complain.  It's an Embassy Suites, not a W.
<review# 2662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2007,1/30/2007,118,439,,1,5>For some reason Maudie's fell off of my radar until the ROTD was posted today.  Why I have not reviewed this place, I don't know.  It is one of my favorite Tex-Mex spots ever.  The chips, salsa and queso are just the beginning (and are all noteworthy) but don't fill up.  You cannot pass up the chicken tacos al carbon.  The meat is marinated perfectly and the heavenly taste will make you forget you are sitting two inches away from the next table.  That is my favorite dish but I have heard raves about the enchiladas as well.  Be prepared to wait, but sip those margaritas slowly or you will be too drunk to enjoy the tasty food.  The margs are almost so good you don't realize the strength.  Here you will find locals and students alike trying to scarf down some of the city's best Tex-Mex.
<review# 2663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2007,1/29/2007,467,441,2,10,11>An alcoholic's heaven.  When I walked into this MASSIVE liquor store, it almost brought a tear to my eye.  I pass this place driving home every day and I just HAD to stop in before going to a Nip/Tuck season finale party.  The original Spec's is in Houston, a friend of mine who just moved there told me about it...knowing my love of alcohol.  They have everything alcohol related that you can imagine, including garnishes of all types, a deli with all sorts of cheeses and meats, servingware (is that a word?  You know glasses, bottle openers, corkscrews, bottle sealers, etc.), cute cocktail napkins, mixers...everything.  This all goes without mentioning the HUGE variety of beer in a wall sized cooler (think about an isle of HEB frozen goods), a section of less classy wines (there's actually a section for boxed wine), the huge racks of rows and rows of bottled wines, and an incredible selection of every type of liquor you can imagine.  They also have well-aged liquors locked up near the registers.  I was too overwhelmed by the size of this store to even notice the humidor next to the doors when you walk in.There are plenty of employees around that are more than willing to help you with any questions you may have.  They're constantly present, but not too in your face about it.  They seem very knowledgable about their product and happy to assist you.  You can sign up for a Spec's Key for free, it's like one of those little barcode cards you put on your keychain.  With this card, you get email updates on special sales going on just for key members and you get discounts on certain items weekly.  Perhaps my favorite thing about this store, though, is that you get a 5% discount on everything you purchase when you use cash or debit as your form of payment.I forgot to mention that on Tuesdays (I'm not sure if it's every Tuesday or just a couple times a month), they offer Tasting Tuesdays.  It's my understanding that there's tables set up around the store with different types of spirits that you can sample. I'm so happy it's close to my house, I'll never buy liquor anywhere else!***** EDIT *****Upon a recent visit (yes, I'm a regular), I was delighted to discover that they now carry Dublin Dr. Pepper!  Whee!
<review# 2664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,1/28/2007,421,603,11,9,5>Rules of shopping at Savers.1. Always get a cart. On the days where the sales are incredible show up early and fight for a cart. If that fails,  hang out by the dressing room....when someone goes in, steal their cart. 2. Look at every single item of clothing. It is rare that things are actually hung according to size and to do the best shopping you must look very carefully.3. Be a name brand whore. I am. I always walk out with at least one brand name item, usually more. Then I can brag to my friends by saying..." How much would you pay for a new Banana Republic tank top? Oh really! Guess how much I paid." It's OK to gloat. Just not that much.4. Do bring enough money. Inflation has hit and it has moved down to the thrift stores. Laugh when you realize that a 6 dollar shirt at Savers is considered expensive, when you would happily shell out double that at a brand name store.5. Don't buy something just because it's cheap enough and it fits. Have standards, good grief!6. Go often. New things come in every day. Don't worry if you start getting the ridiculous urges to stop by on your way to meetings, the grocery store, Church.... just to see if something new has arrived. Don't worry, this happens to everyone.
<review# 2665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2007,1/27/2007,0,0,5,3,4>I heart the Fiesta--name says it all really. Could HEB throw in "party" and get away with it? Doubtful. Not only does Fiesta have a great collection of Latin/Mexican food, they also have several aisles devoted to "ethnic" foods from all over the world--and for cheap. The veggies are super affordable but the quality is hit or miss. You may get 20 key limes for 50 cents but you may be searching for a while to pick out the good ones. But, when you get 10 awesome avocados to make a week's supply (well, maybe in a house other than mine) of guacamole, who's complaining? To my vegetarian friends, if you're ever feeling like you're falling off the wagon, take a stroll through the special meats section. There's all kinds of stuff that white folks don't typically eat that will get you right back on track with the veggie lifestyle.Lastly, if you've lived in a suburban white bubble your entire life and are afraid of people of color, you should really stick to the west side of I-35--Fiesta is most likely not for your lily-white self.
<review# 2666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2006,1/26/2007,20,23,,6,5>You could go for the gorgeous pastries, the intimate atmosphere, the unspeakably precious crustless sandwiches that my Argentinian friend raved over, saying they made her feel like she was back home, but me? I keep returning for the soup.They make one a day, and it might be carrot ginger or curried sweet potato, you don't really have a variety but what you do have is the best soup you could possibly wish for and a lot of it.Paired with an empanada (made in the traditional style with ground meat and raisins) it's a delectable, affordable treat in an otherwise moderately pricey cafe.If you go during peak hours, expect the tiny place to be overwhelmed as its business has already burst past its seating capacity. The waiters aren't the quickest but they really do have lovely accents, which makes up for a lot. Order an espresso or a bottle of wine, sit on the veranda and imagine that the universe really has combined Argentina and Austin, Tx, just for you.
<review# 2667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2007,1/25/2007,11,8,7,3,2>Full disclosure:  The most appealing feature of this El Mercado's location is that my wife and I can walk there, eat, drink, and walk back half or more tipsy without incident.  BUT, this convenience does not detract from El Mercado's many other outstanding features.  For example, they have attractive door handles and air conditioning.  Just kidding . . .Probably the best thing about El Mercado is the big portions.  I saw one slim lady come in last week, and she came out 30 minutes later as a 350 lb. tubby dude. Wow!  That must be good queso!In addition to a very extensive menu of traditional tasty Tex-Mex offerings, they also have a nice assort of vegetarian and seafood  options (and I don't just mean cheese enchiladas).  Try the spinach/mushroom variety, fish tacos, and several shrimp dishes.  It's a funky joint with a parrot theme.  If you don't like exotic birds or loud talking funny people, stay at home with the Lean Cuisine.  The waitstaff is reliably kind, competent, and jocular, and I frankly look forward to rapping with them. The ambience is oddly "South Austin" even though it is located squarely in Crestview.  I've never been disappointed with the entertaining, even shocking conversations I manage to overhear there.  Yes, Dorothy, there are weirdos in North Austin, too. El Mercado also offers a great selection of domestic and Mexican beers, as well as much-lauded margaritas. I tend to stick to Corona, so I can't speak to the frozen drink selection.  One final note:  They prepare the food PRONTO!  One time, I could've sworn they brought out my order before I told them what I wanted.  Damn psychic waiters. El Mercado:  Un buen lugar.
<review# 2668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2007,1/24/2007,41,22,7,5,3>At the risk of running myself out of a spot in his char, I gotta let it be known - I am utterly addicted to Joe Edwards.  My roommate and I (both of the short coif variety) have both been frequenting him for years and we perish the thought of ever parting with him.  Sometimes we ponder what life will be like when we have to leave Austin and lose our Joe supply.  Will we have to make nun's habits the new fashion accessory?  Will we have to go back to the East German Gymnast do's of yore?  I shudder to think.  But in the meantime, I've referred a dozen people to Joe over the years and I've never been wrong.  So hear me when I say - best haircut in town.  If you can afford to meet his fee ($65 for a haircut, with free bang/nape trims in between visits), then do it.  Aromatherapy head massage, perfectly edgy-without-looking-Swedish haircuts, and the most entertaining stylist banter around.
<review# 2669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,1/23/2007,90,33,,2,2>Great for tires and small accessories.  They are one of the only places in town that offer cycle tires with road hazard insurance.  They can special order parts at very competitive prices; and the parts arrive pretty quickly.  The only down side is that  their gear is just a tad bit overpriced.  The sales staff are all active riders and are very helpful.
<review# 2670,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2007,1/22/2007,45,31,3,6,3>I'm actually looking over at the parking lot of Jorge's Restaurant as I write this.  Two things you should know first: 1) I absolutely love Mexican food; 2) Jorge's is my neighborhood Mexican restaurant, situated very close to my pad. These two facts are important to know, because if I enjoyed Jorge's, I'd be there almost every night.  Mexican food and proximity... should equal frequent dining.  However, I've never been too impressed with Jorge's.  I've been in there a handful of times to eat, and about the same amount getting takeout.  The service and food are acceptable, nothing great, when I've been in to dine.  But every time I get takeout, they mess up the order!  They've messed up the changes we've asked for, left out items that are standard with the meal (sides of pico, sour cream, tortillas, etc. for a fajita), and even forgotten to make our food before, leaving me to socialize awkwardly with the host for 15 minutes when I came in as they finally made the order - and I'm really awkward at socializing sometimes!The food tastes fine overall, but I'd recommend heading 5 minutes up the street to Curra's if you're really craving Mexican food in Rosedale.
<review# 2671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2006,1/21/2007,9,25,,4,2>I will try to keep my inner geek in check while writing this review, but in all honesty... I have probably spent far too many hours there. If you are in need of ANY magazine, book, gift or time waster, this is the place. Book People is very appropriately named, all of the staff is super knowledgeable about their books, they make recommendations on everything and over time I have really learned to trust their opinions. This is one of the only places you can find some of the smaller independent  zines, music rags and art books. Grab some coffee scope out a seat upstairs or downstairs and clear your day because you will undoubtedly loose track of time here, but only in the best kind of way.
<review# 2672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,1/20/2007,50,82,2,3,2>Potentially my favorite brisket. Coffee rubbed? I've never heard of that. Sounds pleasurable. Tender. Great tangy but sweet enough sauce. I say potentially my favorite because I need to go back and sample more. I try to be pretty conservative before I throw words like brisket and favorite into the same sentence. It's damn good, though.The mac and cheese was special. I think my body fat index rose from the 4 bites I had of that. The spinach side dish was absolutely great. The staff was friendly, and looked good in short skirts. The iTunes was chock full of the right kind of old blues for the environment.This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
<review# 2673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,1/19/2007,324,543,1,5,3>This far out of town, I didn't expect to find such good food. Bad assumption, I guess, because Maudie's Hacienda is quite good for hearty Mexican food in huge portions. Enticing salsa and chips, promptly refilled. I don't even remember what I had, just that it was delicious and my companions loved it too. It does close early, unfortunately, and we were seated right next to the entrance, so it was raucous -- I could barely hear my date talk. Lots of loud families here.I'd love to go back here now that I eat cheese.
<review# 2674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,1/18/2007,65,140,3,3,5>Kind of a Pat O'Briens meets wild west meets 50's roadhouse meets a trainstation theme bar.It gets four stars from me instead of less, because it is what it is and doen't try to fake you out.A touristy, noisy, fun luv_n honky tonk almost comic relief type o joint.Just couldn't do this on a regular basis, but for a low-brow non-cultural wierd-ole good time why not get drunk at Donn's.
<review# 2675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,1/17/2007,12,11,3,3,3>Well... I don't know know how "cool" this place is actually, but they are super sweet here. The people that work there are always easy to talk to and they always seem glad to see you when you step in. They have a nice assortment of good beer and ok wine. They have a little list for customers to add their beer of choice to the fridge. I added Boddington to the list and would gladly buy some each and every week if they, in fact, actually added the beer to their inventory. To date, I have yet to see any. No worries though. The rest of the beer is ice cold. The secret... they have a freezer behind the walk in fridge and they leave the door open so the cold-as-ice temperature flows into the fridge. Otherwise, it's just your basic convenient store. The drive-up window is cool but I really don't think driving up to a window for a 12 pack of Modelo Especial and having to wait for them to walk over to the cooler to get it for you is all that impressive. In fact, it probably takes longer for them to go get it than it would be to just park right by the front door and get it yourself. Are we that lazy these days? I did, on one occasion get offered a slice of pizza from the guy working the counter. I took him up on it as it seemed as though he himself wouldn't have been able to finish said pizza on his own. I guess that's pretty darn cool!
<review# 2676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,1/16/2007,30,40,,4,3>Ooh Uchi! I love dining at Uchi.  Everytime I go I have a wonderful experience and end up making a new friend or two! Don't feel like you have to take a date or go with a group of people. I love dining there alone and chatting with the sushi chefs. The guys are amazing and they create the most unique sushi rolls! The sushi is mouthwatering, the atmosphere is hip and the desserts are irresistible.
<review# 2677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2006,1/15/2007,104,306,1,15,3>I'll deduct one star because it's not open year-round.  Now, I understand this pool is not as cool as Barton Springs or as historic as Stacy.  And yes, it's chlorinated.  (It's about $3 to get in.)  But ask yourself the following questions:1) Do I hate cold water?2) Do I hate small swimming pools crowded with small kids?3) Do I hate having to struggle to find a parking spot, when all I want to do is lolly gag in a pool for about 30 minutes, maybe do a couple of laps?If you've answered "yes" to all of the above, mark your calendars for next May 27.  While the shallow end is full of kids (there is a smaller wading pool for the real tiny ones, though), the lane is most always empty (definitely wide enough for two people).  The pool is 50 meters in length.  It's warm.  It's got a great diving board into the 12' deep end, and you don't have to wait in life for it.  It might even be in your neighborhood, if you're lucky.         Dates/times of operation:May 27-August 6, 8 AM - 9 PMAugust 7-13, 12 PM - 7 PM
<review# 2678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,1/14/2007,9,29,,5,1>I have to admit, I kind of love Firebowl Cafe.. I started out always getting the sweet and sour chicken which always impressed me with the really good breast meat and fresh pineapple they used, then eventually tried the general tso's chicken which became another favorite because it comes with broccoli and is a very spicy/hot dish. Finally I decided I needed to try the stir fry your own way and thats where I fell in love. I always get the spring veggie mix (the veggies are always really fresh). I've only tried it with either fried tofu or chicken, but I think just by the quality of everything else I've had here you probably can't go wrong with any of the main ingredient choices. Then there is the sauce choice... Oh I love the heat, so I always go with the Kung Pao, Bangkok Red Curry, or Thai Pepper but once again, no way to go wrong. You can get this stir fry your way with either white, brown or fried rice, or if you like noodles they have 6 different kinds, so basically I could probably eat here about 4 times a week and still not get tired of it. So my main suggestion, try the stir fry your way.. ;)
<review# 2679,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2006,1/13/2007,110,135,1,3,2>Canvas Bar is relatively new to the Austin scene.  The interior is pretty.  Very dark.  Take someone for one drink there then move on.  The Art, which is prevalent, is all done by the manager/ part- bar partner.  I don't care for it and it is very superficial, please change it, yo!  Drinks are regularly priced $7-9 for a cocktail.  TV's playing sports and a DJ . . . ?  Are you a cool art guy or a rich jock?  Or are you a "cool" Jock who does Art on the Side to get the Ladies?  The bar is uniquely circular in its setup.  I remember the first time I walked in, I went around on one side and then came out on the other side of the circle . . . then out the door.They could, from here, go either way.  It could get worse or better.This Friday marks their first new art show after being open now for 6 months . . .
<review# 2680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2007,1/12/2007,320,128,1,2,1>Tiff and Jonathan's comments are perfect.  Ever since I started visiting Tiff at UT back in 2001 and 2002 before I came to UT as a student, we would hit up Einstein's and if anything--that place (other than the Wooten and the Co-op) has not closed or changed dramatically.  I like this place because Steve and Josh (two long-time employees) have watched me DDR it up with Tiff and if I fail--they laugh and encourage me, "What would your sister say if she saw you fail that!?"  I'm not as familiar with some of the newer workers now, but their lab coats make them super cool.If you're looking to play some of the recent (probably not brand spanking newest) arcade titles for cheap, head over to Einstein's!  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 2681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,1/11/2007,233,56,2,1,4>Halcyon is the sort of Austin foundation that natives try not to take for granted.  Sure, we can have a bar, coffee shop and a casual hang-out all under one roof.   Doesn't everyone?  Sometimes Austinites are surprised by their own city's chutzpah. There was some debate over Ruta Maya's migration to the more alcohol-free SoCo area -- gone are the poetry slams and funk bands of yesteryear.  But rather than a Starbucks popping up on yet another street corner, Austin was blessed with a rogue double-agent.  If Austinites can wear jeans to work and Birkenstocks to parties, then it's only fitting that Halcyon is able to serve lattes by day and Long Islands by night.During a quick perusal of the chalkboard menu on the wall, any red-blooded woman's eye will immediately be drawn to the word "S'mores."  Served with a "tabletop campfire"--a miniature hibachi grill--the construction of s'mores is the perfect postprandial activity for lovebirds or a group of girlfriends.  It's a well-known fact that if you add a tabletop fire to any meal, the food immediately will hold a taste of legitimacy.  However, if you add fire and chocolate to any dessert, you have instant intimacy.If you're single and your idea of the perfect evening involves free Wi-Fi and idling on your iBook for two and a half hours (don't worry, I've been there), Halcyon--like the fabled bird it's named after--is your calm in the storm of solitude.  Don't worry about flying solo when you can nest in one of the oversize easy chairs and spend the evening reading celebrity gossip.  You never know what compatible PC user might be peeking over his copy of The New York Times to steal a look at you. Recently I was at a party in Boston talking with a couple from Los Angeles who had driven cross-country to visit relatives in Beantown.  When I told them I was from Austin, they had the typical gushing reaction.  They had made a stop in Austin on their trip and were so enthralled with the city that they revised their return trip to take them back (who needs to see the Midwest anyway...).  The husband started telling me breathlessly about this "cozy little coffee shop, that was also a bar, that had couches, and internet, and there were all of these people there, right in the middle of downtown!"  To them, Halcyon was as much of a myth as the kingfisher bird -- a solace in a world of pay-by-the-hour WiFi and the sterile, overcrowded espresso bars of Los Angeles.  I asked the wife if they'd indulged in the s'mores.  Her face immediately lit up,  "Of course!  I saw it on the menu and said 'I don't know what those are, but I need to have them.  Like, now!'"The appeal of Halcyon is found in its accepting environment -- you can be addicted to caffeine, alcohol, or even both!  Take a break from the weekday rush of grande soy latte, commute, work, repeat.  Have a seat, huddle around the mini-campfire (it is 70 degrees outside, after all), and stay awhile.  We won't tell your barista at Starbucks.
<review# 2682,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2006,1/10/2007,63,442,,5,2>its probably best that you go with 3 or more other people to split the costs and try more dishes. The only thing that sticks out is the lamb - which was very tender - order a couple of these at least. This is more of a place to go to get a light snack than a full meal.
<review# 2683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,1/9/2007,10,11,4,,2>I am always surprised when I visit Mozarts.  And I frequent this place often enough that surprises should no longer be warranted.The other day I was all about, "Damn, I've never seen the black swans with the pink beaks in the lake  before. Trippy!"  The other trip I was thinking, "I wonder how long that barista has had purple hair? I don't remember any purple-haired baristas."  Once, "Oh my teh, my laptop is out of battery... look! A socket on the patio!"  So many revelations.  "Wow! I'm on yet another date experience at Mozarts, except I actually like the guy this time!" (That was yesterday.)The coffee is phenomenal.  I always go for the bottomless cup.  I have never tried the fancier espresso drinks, but I've seen them, and I am frightened that, should I try them, I'd be horribly addicted.  Which would mean mass expenditures of money (moreso than just my drip coffee) and a certain and preventable lack of sleep.  The people are interesting.  Students, dates, older people who approach you when you are about to leave and swindle you into conversation due to their loneliness.  (Sorry, that one's personal.)  Also, several times per hour you will see a man in a business suit escorting a couple to the parking lot, as the Mozart's deck is shared with a Mediation Center.  One of the best aspects of this place is its dog-friendly environment.  I take my dog everywhere, and she gets bouts of pissed-offedness when I leave her in the car because I need to write or study.  When I am seeking some caffeine, I ask her, "So? Where to?" She always whispers "Mozarts! With the overabundant bird population!"  This is a wonderful place if you have a lot of work to do.  Beware if it is very cold or rainy, however, for then the inside gets a slight crowded.  Mozarts is highly supportive of the need to relax or the need to rapidly get a lot of work done, depending on why you're visiting.  If you decide to go, and see a girl with a laptop and little black dog and plain drip coffee, it's me, tell them I sent you.  horsies,andrea
<review# 2684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2006,1/7/2007,5,13,,5,3>Not as fond of the place as I once was.  It did get old hanging outside with stiff breezes carrying second hand smoke my direction, and the too cool for their own good crowd acting as if anyone over the age of, say,,,their own...was not worthy to breathe in the stale smoke or listen to the music some find horrible but others find different though relatively interesting.  The comfortable place it once was is no more, and those clean bathrooms disappeared long ago.   Too bad.  I'm not inclined to patronize the place much anymore.
<review# 2685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2006,1/6/2007,0,0,1,4,1>This Super 8 is pretty damn super!  It's more like a hotel.  It's 4 stories with elevators and interior hallways.  There's a real lobby as well.They told me that the wireless internet is only available in the lobby, but I was getting reception on the 4th floor.  The free continental breakfast was good too.  For some reason, these breakfasts have a habit of always being picked over and disorganized, but not here.The only part of this Super 8 that reminds you that you're in a Super 8 is the room furnishings.  You're provided with a washcloth and a towel that are only useful if you have a suitcase full of unfinished furniture.  You're also not getting any foo-foo shampoo and soap.  There is actually another Super 8 fixture that reminds you it's a Super 8, the price.  I stayed for $40 a night.What stopped me from giving this place 5 stars?  I came at 9:30 at night and the lobby was already closed, so I had to use the night window, even though I was let in.  Having to use the night window that early in the evening gave me an impression the place was ghetto.
<review# 2686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,1/4/2007,128,427,3,7,5>I am not an actress, nor comedienne, nor barista, nor starving artist (not yet, anyway). Despite my lack of experience in areas that might better suit to make an informed judgment of The Hideout Coffeehouse and Theater, I love the place.This Congress Avenue combo of a java joint and a mini-playhouse makes for a merry evening, alone or with amigos. I went with a small group of friends to their Saturday evening Maestro Improv show (10pm, $7) and had a wonderful time. The Heroes of Comedy put on an entertaining elimination-style improv that involves the audience and is sure to garner laughs, even from the toughest crowd. The house is small and the stage smaller, but it creates an intimate setting that makes you feel like you're the IN person in an inside joke (if that makes any sense...). Get tickets online or go a half-hour early to buy at the window. Hideout tip: they charge on a sliding scale of YOUR choice: $7-$10 per show. Nice.The larger portion of Hideout is not the theater (two stages), but the main floor coffeehouse. The atmosphere is quiet, but not stiff. The barista was patient with a long line and demanding requests (they serve a decent variety of specialty coffee beverages). Someone recommended their cinnamon roll (heated up) with a scoop of Amy's Mexican Vanilla (they sell Amy's!). Wow. That combination has officially entered my top five best desserts list. Semi-expensive prices (the dessert and a glass of wine cost me $10).The above is just a highlight of my experience - Hideout offers other shows and other desserts. Highly recommended for a feel-good time.Hideout = Happiness.
<review# 2687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2006,1/3/2007,66,60,,4,1>Zax Pints & Plates sits in that building (on Barton Springs Rd. between S. 1st and Congress) that everyone thought had a curse on it; when it was an Italian joint called Al Capones; complete with a logo that looked like a rifle-sight;  everyone swore it was a front for some sort of illicit activity. But when the folks from Zax moved in, they designed a bright, airy space with high ceilings and polished wood, complete with a long bar (stocked with locally brewed beers such as Live Oak) that's become the social center. The atmosphere feels sophisticated and grown up, but not in the least pretentious.  Their menu nods toward American with burgers and sandwiches, but dips into bistro favorites such as crab cakes, grilled salmon and steak with frites. Live music combos, like the Lucky Strikes play on Fridays, and they are now open for brunch on Sundays. Pint nights on Wednesdays let you keep the glass!  The Lynd family runs the place, and have been there virtually everytime I've visited.  It's the place I suggest to out of town visitors, and when a vendor wants to take me to lunch!
<review# 2688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2006,1/2/2007,76,266,,3,2>Sam's is a legendary east side barbecue.  It's been around a long time and is located in an old neighborhood.  With the look and the smoky smell, you get the sense that Sam's is going to be good right when you walk in.The sausage stands out here, and is often served in a tortilla as a wrap.  The brisket also scores high, and I've always dug their sauce.With Sam's you really can't lose.  Their quality is consistent with their reputation.
<review# 2689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2006,1/1/2007,65,138,,1,3>Hula Hut was one of the first places I discovered upon moving to Austin. I was happy to discover their yummy salmon fish tacos and their delictible mango margaritas.They're owned by Chuy's so of course their salsa and chips rock ... and they have a very cute selection of tshirts ... the best is that they're right on Lake Austin ... so if you get there after work for a beverage ... you can sit at the deck bar and watch the sun go down over the hills ... with a drink in your hand.Lovely
<review# 2690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2006,12/31/2006,81,68,,5,4>The best reason to go here: Passion Fruit Margaritas.  These things are one of the tastiest treats I've ever had! They are reasonably priced, too.  This place is perfect for any UT student because of the location. It is a bit of a drive for me since I am south, but well worth it.  The palmito casserole is delicious! Palmito is a heart of palm, but tastes like an artichoke heart. It comes with corn and red pepper smothered in white cheese. I know it sounds weird, but if you like exotic food, try this.  Just about anything here is great. The fried bananas make a great appetizer as do the crab stuffed jalapenos. I really love this place.
<review# 2691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2006,12/30/2006,9,9,,4,1>As soon as Woody's put out their "OPEN" sign, my friends and I were all over it. Not only was the owner a popular Austinite (previously 1/2 of Club 710), but living in South Austin and looking for a local dive close to home can be tricky and this looked to be our saving grace. We were not disappointed. If you just want to go out for a night of drinking (beware: they close at 12 on weeknights and 1 on the weekends) and listening to good music from local bands, or if you actually want to sit down to a tasty meal (the menu carries everything from Gator Cakes to Bubba's Meatloaf), Woody's is your place. Don't miss Sunday brunch from 11am-3pm where you can get cheap breakfast tacos and $2 mimosas or bloody marys while listening to some good ol' country boys (or girls, whatever) . Besides the food and drink, the staff is friendly and quick, and for entertainment purposes there are pool tables, flat screens and dart boards. We have had many a good time at Woody's South and I highly recommend you try it -- you just might like it!
<review# 2692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2006,12/29/2006,0,0,2,1,2>best damn mexican food north of the rio grande.
<review# 2693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2006,12/28/2006,49,29,,1,3>Texas Land and Cattle has the best steak I have ever had.  The smoked sirloin has more flavor than you would ever guess and they match it up with really good sides.I challenge anyone to find a more delicious steak.  If you do, please let me know.
<review# 2694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,12/27/2006,7,9,,4,3>A popular destination for out-of-towners, Whole Foods is half tourist attraction and half super-market. I find great amusement gazing over the balcony watching bewildered Whole Foods virgins stop and gawk at this culinary wonderland before entering. I'll admit, walking through the prepared food section of the store (which takes up a good third of the floor space) can be, at times, overwhelming. Shopping or dining on a Saturday afternoon is not for the feeble or agoraphobic. Whole Foods, is responsive to consumer suggests, responsible in their purchasing practices, and clearly dedicated to sustainability. In contrast to its competitors, you can be sure the ethics of buying a particular product have been considered FOR YOU when you buy from Whole Foods. You do pay what I like to call an "ethics tax" in price, however. Personally, I think it's worth it.You can sample ANYTHING at Whole Foods, you just have to ask. Not only will you be accommodated but, should you want it, you will receive the most up-to-date information regarding the product you are tasting. Everyone is well-trained, experienced, and a lot of fun to talk to.I could go on and on about what Whole Foods actually sells but I'm sure that will be reviewed in full by people who are much more picky than I. I would, however, like to mention the meat market. The dating meat market, that is. Whole Foods is a popular destination for singles progressive values and shared interests to mingle and make small chat about expensive cheeses. What more could you ask for, really?
<review# 2695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2006,12/26/2006,9,16,,1,2>Highly recommended.  Particularly the summer movie series.  They show classics, generally clustered in themes.  For instance,  several days will be devoted to early noir, several days to Kubrick, several to Indiana Jones, etc.  Make sure to catch one of the "70 mm" classics, too.  Seeing 2001: A Space Odyssey here constitutes something very close to a religious experience, with the soundtrack blasting and everyone enraptured in the balcony.  During the rest of the year they'll occasionally have a week or two showing films, but these tend to be less publicized.  Check their website for listings.
<review# 2696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2006,12/25/2006,284,200,,4,7>I finally got to check this place out a couple of weeks ago. It is definitely a place everybody needs to go to at least once because 1) there's a great view of the city from the rooftop (or so I hear since I arrived too early to go up), 2) amazing blues musicians play here and 3) you'll get a crash course of the Austin music scene just by looking at all the clipping, photos and posters covering the walls.My friend and I came around 6:30 p.m. for happy hour. There were these super old guys playing without too much energy. They were actually losing steam pretty quickly, but we didn't care too much. Now, I really wish I would've seen Wayne "The Train" Hancock play, or even the Mexican Elvis impersonator, El Vez.The inside setup is pretty cool and very vintage-dive bar themed. Tall chairs are lined up in the middle of the club so people don't have to stand while watching the act, and there's seating on the sides. Most of the people here were 30+, so I did feel a little out of place, but maybe I'm just an old soul.
<review# 2697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,12/24/2006,1,3,1,2,2>The atmosphere at Mars is low-key, with soft lighting and friendly service.  Located in Central Austin, near the Guadalupe strip area, the restaurant sits inconspicuously in the midst of a quiet residential neighborhood area.  In this unusual location, it's not hard to relax and enjoy the carefully prepared Asian and Mediterranean seafood and vegetable-rich entrees cooked by the master chefs at Mars, nor does the menu lack of choices for those who wish to stick with unique dishes of beef or pork tenderloin dressed with a savored Mars specialty of crusted goats cheese or baby-back ribs flavored with Chinese barbecue sauce, as well as dishes with exotic flair, such as lamb meatballs or a tasty entree of duck.Mars offers a fish of the day at market price for their nightly specials and specializes in delightfully flavored Thai, Vietnamese, French, and Chinese recipes.Any dish that you choose from the menu at Mars, you can bet will be professionally prepared and served with delight by trained wait staff.  The beverage menu at Mars includes a selection of premium beers, but I opted for a deep red wine with which to wash down my beef tenderloin and crusted goats cheesecake and topped it off with coffee and liqueur for an after-dinner pick me up.it is true that the prices are not listed upon the menu at Mars Restaurant and Bar, but when you dine in the best restaurants, then you expect to drop a 50 dollar bill per person on dinner, drinks, and after-dinner beverages.  I exited with about a $50 tab for me alone, but had a great time spending the $50 at Mars.
<review# 2698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2006,12/23/2006,52,28,,1,2>JR is a great place for a cheap cut. As Sarah and Jen have already pointed out you can get a professional cut for a straight-up $30. Although I feel strange about not giving tip (especially after the free drink, hand and scalp massage), they REALLY won't let you! My impression here is that they are a "training" center for the Jackson Ruiz salon down town. It just makes much more sense to me. But, don't worry. I doubt JR would hire anyone who can't give a decent cut. Try out a couple different folks and find your fave. I've been to Joe a couple of times, Miranda, and Liz. I have been happy with all of them--esp. Liz!
<review# 2699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2006,12/22/2006,2,3,1,4,1>I was sad to see that  Angel got such a "cooler than thou" vibe from Flips.  I don't consider myself uber-hip, and after going here for maybe three times the girls (and guys) working here went out of their way to be super friendly.  They're just younger than we are.  In any case Flipnotics has good coffee, good coffee house food, good bands, great staff, and a great patio, all at a place that makes you feel good about supporting an independent business.  That's why I'd recommend it.
<review# 2700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2006,12/21/2006,935,1053,3,2,4>Four words-chicken in a cone.  My Austin friends told me that I had to try Hudson's chicken in a cone at ACL so I had one on Friday.  And Saturday.  And Sunday. Words can't describe how good it was!  But I'll try...imagine a piece of chicken breaded in a panko style batter and lightly fried.  Wrap a tortilla around it and put it in a cone.  And don't forget the secret surprise layer of coleslaw in the bottom of the tortilla.  On my next trip to Austin I definitely plan on stopping in to Hudson's on the Bend to see what else they can deep fry and stick in a cone.
<review# 2701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2006,12/19/2006,37,58,,2,2>Austin has something for everyone and me and my friends were able to run into Emo's on the last night we were there for a business trip. Just like all the venues in that area, the music is loud. The difference is that they play good music! The night we went there the band wasn't that great but it was still better to be hanging there than listing to booty music down the street.I can't wait to get back to Austin and see a good show at this venue. It is down and dirty, grity and real, and the people there are really cool.
<review# 2702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2006,12/18/2006,48,897,,4,>This is an awesome antique store. It was huge inside, with different booths of really neat and different stuff. A lot of it is arranged very artistically by color, or thematically. Not a lot of furniture here, but they have really different accessories and lots of neat lamps. There is also a good selection of vintage clothing and jewelry. You could spend hours just looking at everything that they have.....if I lived in Austin, I'd be a regular....
<review# 2703,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2006,12/17/2006,562,618,1,3,5>Came here b/c Taco Xpress was closed and I had already eaten Home Slice too many times this week. Always wanted to try this place. Don't know whats up with all the incomplete sentences. Continuing.. Interior is very run down and doesn't seem like anyone has renovated or cleaned the place since 1950. Staff could care less about anything. Ordering line could be more efficient as once it hits 3 deep the line hits the door.. which is the first thing people run into upon entering. The burger itself was decent.. I like the idea of being able to order "baby" burgers b/c I had already consumed a weekend of grease and anything bigger than that would have made me sick. I would have given this place 4 stars but the condition of the place and the poor attitude of the staff knocked off a star.
<review# 2704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2006,12/16/2006,8,4,,2,2>Buenos Aires Cafe bills itself as the first Argentine Cafe in Austin.  I read a favorable review of the place in the Chronicle and had to try it out.  It didn't disappoint.  It's location on South First may seem a bit sketchy to some, but I found the interior to be very cozy and charming.  I've been to Buenos Aires several times and have eaten at authentic Argentine cafes, and although BAC is undeniably an American restaurant, it definitely has the right vibe going.  The food was great.  My wife and I started with empanadas.  She had the Canelones Caseros, herb crepes stuffed with eggplant and portobella, and I had the chef's special, which was trout topped with two large Gulf shrip and a delicious fruit salsa.  I was blown away by my dish and routinely call BAC to check if they are serving it.   Service was good, not exceptional, but we were there late and the staff was beginning to shut things down.  I strongly recommend BAC as a romantic dinner spot for 2 but not for a family outing, simply due to the size of the place and the vibe.
<review# 2705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2006,12/15/2006,317,333,1,3,2>waaaay better than la travatia, and for the same price. some of the antipasti's are just what they sound like (beet salad, chick peas and tuna) w/o any added flavor, but there's a few gems in the bunch, and the spicy pumpkin tart is godlike
<review# 2706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2006,12/14/2006,97,24,,4,2>Houlihan's roof top seating is amazing at night in Austin. It has a great view and is very chill. It is a great place to a watch a band yet feel like you can just relax. I have not tried the food yet...so no comment there...but I loved the atmosphere including hanging lights.
<review# 2707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2006,12/13/2006,30,14,1,4,>The DJ was spinning that What A Fool Believes by the Doobie Brothers, which is a GREAT song I might add. And I go up and ask him if he's heard of Self. And told him he should check out their cover of the song because it effing rocks. AND then came the evil glare back from the DJ...Are you not supposed to suggest a cool song to a DJ? Or was he too cool with his hipster trendy garb, or too cracked out to really know what was going on?Anyways, I do like this place. Although by no means does it compare to the Beauty Bar in NYC--where you can actually get your nails did while sipping your cocktail. Here they just have the hair blowers, but no one actually doing hair or nails.Although it's a fun place with good music, I wonder if it's too hipster trendy for it's own good. To the degree where everyone  just ends up glaring at you if you left your vintage dress and chucks at home.
<review# 2708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2006,12/12/2006,56,58,,2,1>I really liked this place, but then again, I'm partial to restaurants that are in very old homes that are cute and cozy.  The only thing that I've had here is brunch.  I've had the Almond Apple Belgian Waffle and it is perfectly sweet enough to have without being too much.  My bf had the migas which were quite large in portion and not to mention delicious.  Also, word to the wise, get bacon.  It's good, thick, fatty, and satisfying.  YUM!The only reason why i gave it 4 stars was because I wanted pancakes, and they didn't want any.  I feel like if you're going to offer breakfast or brunch, make sure you have pancakes because a late night, some booze, and a slight hangover are going to be hankering for some buttery pancakes in the morning.  Otherwise, cute place, and to avoid the late mornign saturday rush, get there before 11.
<review# 2709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2006,12/11/2006,187,286,,2,2>I have a soft spot for the Re store. I discovered it when it just opened last spring (I think), and we must've talked to the owner for half an hour or more and came away with some great deals. The owner's gotta be the friendliest store owner in South Austin--he runs the place with his wife, and their new baby girl. I've taken friends there on spur-of-the-moment shopping detours quite a few times.  It's a tiny little spot that's easy to miss, but filled with vintage treasures and offbeat finds, like jewelry, sunglasses, records and CDs, purses, vintage T-shirts and other clothes, nick-knacks, and a piece or two of furniture. There's also a bin of random hats in the back are a ton of fun to try on. It's one of those places that I stop into from time to time and come away with something that I didn't know existed, didn't know I needed, but am glad I found. Just shopping there and seeing friendly faces, is half the draw.
<review# 2710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,12/10/2006,6,7,,3,1>One of the Austin Required Dining spots for new people. If you haven't been here, and you like Tex Mex, you should go, now!. They have a lot of new Mexican influenced dishes, especially around the Green Chili Festival time. Everything on the menu is wonderful, but the portion sizes can often be too large. (GASP!) Almost everyone in Austin knows to ask for the "Creamy Jalapeno sauce", but in case you don't, you should ask for it. Dip your chips into it and become addicted. For those who don't like huge portions, and / or are a budget, order the small bowl of green chili stew with extra tortillas.. Caution, it's spicy, but amazingly good. It's also under 6 bucks, and you will be stuffed from chips and stew and tortilla.
<review# 2711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,12/9/2006,110,56,,4,3>Combining my two favorite things (movies & beer) is perhaps the most brilliant thing to come out of Austin since... well maybe ever.  Add to this all of the wonderful special events (The Sinus Show, Sing-A-Longs, celebrity guest appearances, etc.) and you have a recipe for success.  This is one of the main reasons that Austin is my favorite city, and a large reason why I moved back.  The food isn't always great but it is at least creative and fun.  Do yourself a favor and check out this Austin treasure.
<review# 2712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2006,12/8/2006,29,32,,1,2>Chez Zee has had both its hits and misses for me. On one hand, I've never had a bad meal there and a slice of its Lemon Rosemary cake is to die for. On the other hand, the main dining room is often loud and I had to strain to hear my dinner companions. For best results, request  a seat in one of the magical, somewhat secluded hallways or even in the front room and save room for dessert.
<review# 2713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,12/7/2006,724,628,2,7,5>This is my favorite thrift store in town, and that is saying a lot for a garage sale/thrift junkie like me.  First of all, they have a really cool streetlight outside their store that is made to look like a vintage lamp.  It makes me happy every time I see it, which is virtually every day since it is right near my house. But it's not just the outside of the store that is great.  The last time I was there, I scored a Max Studio top and an Ann Taylor blazer and spent a grand total of $7.50.  Plus, I felt good that my $7.50 was going to a good cause.As if that weren't enough, they were throwing a party that evening, and they had free food AND free beer AND free live music!If that's not stellar thrift shopping, I don't know what is.They don't throw parties every day, of course.  But every single time I go, I come away with some little treasure (or two, or three, or four).  This place is fab-u-lous.  So if you're in need of a little retail therapy and are tight on cash, come to Top Drawer.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 2714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2006,12/6/2006,8,212,,3,2>The Crown & Anchor is a cool place because it's crowd is almost always college kids, but you never feel like you're down on 6th street being hounded to buy a Jello Shot.  This is a "grab a table and a pitcher of your favorite beer" kind of place, and one of the best in town at that.The tacos are really good, the beer selection varied, and the staff is usually pretty attentive and happy.  The deck is a fine spot to relax if the weather is right.Parking is found in scattered lots and along the nearby neighborhood streets.
<review# 2715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2006,12/5/2006,46,211,,3,3>This is the best place to see a movie ever.  Really.  Sure, it may be kind of an old, crappy theater (although it's much better since they did some remodeling), but where else can you munch on queso fries and drink a Shiner while you watch your movie?  It's awesome.  I think about moving back to Austin for this place alone.  I swear, we went once a week when we still lived here.  And the quirky pre-show stuff beats the hell out of the random movie quiz (with the same questions over and over) and horrible pop music they're playing over at the Regal... I don't care how comfortable their seats are!  To make the decision even easier, the Alamo attracts a more adult crowd (I think it's actually 18-and-up, but I'm not positive), so there's less chance of being annoyed by the teenage crowd here.
<review# 2716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2006,12/4/2006,4,73,,,3>Austin. This is the place that makes me wish my name was Erline. No trip to Austin is complete without a night here. See a band like the Derailers or Junior Brown and you'll pine for the charms of the Great State of Texas forevermore.
<review# 2717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2006,12/3/2006,110,659,,4,2>Great hotel restaurant... and I've been to enough of them to spot a good one when I see it. We went two nights while staying at the Hilton in Austin, and although we perhaps could have been a bit more adventurous and ventured out, we wanted to test an upscale restaurant and compare it to San Francisco's finest. Overall, Finn & Porter didn't disappoint. The service was top-notch, excellent wine list, and the menu had a nice variety of options. We ate at the sushi bar the following night, and walked away quite impressed. If you happen to be in Austin on business, or just live there and enjoy good sushi, then definitely give F&P a shot!
<review# 2718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2006,12/2/2006,72,158,,,3>Love Quack's! It's a coffee shop that is great both studying and being social. All the food is great and the people who work there are friendly. It can hard to find a place to sit at peak study times. I like that it's a mix of students and families that live in the nieghborhood. This was one of my favorite places when I lived in Hyde Park.
<review# 2719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2006,12/1/2006,157,129,4,2,3>Last time I was in Austin I had Jo's pulled pork sandwich every single day for lunch. That damned  sandwich was so good I ended up not wanting to go anywhere else. Great coffee, chai and muffins too.BTW, the last time we ate there that scoundrel Luke Wilson was eating at one of the tables and was totally ogling my girlfriend. Keep on dreaming loser!!
<review# 2720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2006,11/30/2006,8,23,3,2,1>I'm not the kind of person who just hands out 5 stars like I'm handing out Krispy Kreme donuts. In order for me to put my reputation on the line for a place, it pretty much has to pay my bills for me and hook me up with Brad Pitt. So for me to give Arirang 5 stars, you know it must be something spectacular.My absolute favorite thing about this little sushi shop on 6th is the waitress. I love going to restaurants and getting the same server every time, because then you know they have a personal investment in their job and are not just doing it to smoke pot on a crate behind the place (*ahem* Alamo Drafthouse *ahem*). This particular jem of a server is sweet, punctual, and clever. She's so great, she gave me a little Christmas present last year. Most servers start to drastically suck after given just 2 tables, but she manages the whole restaurant by herself without breaking stride. That's damn impressive.Now about the food. Arirang offers Japanese and Korean style food, and to be honest, I'm not a huge Korean fan (probably from years of impressionment from my grandma, who to say she hates Koreans is an understatement (she's Japanese by the way)). But, I've spoken to people who do like Korean cusiane, and they give it their endorsement. Personally, I stick to the Japanese side of things and it's incredible. Try the Udon soup, it'll fill you up for 2 days.Lastly, Arirang has a nice location with a great atmosphere. It perfectly blends Austinite culture with Asian culture, giving a feel like you've just transported the whole city overseas. Plus, it's right off the highway so you can swing by for a quick sushi snack, or find ample parking around the restaurant for a relaxing meal. I should mention that Arirang closes its doors early to avoid nasty drunkasses. This is probably my favorite feature of the restaurant since nothing irks me more than some dumbass frat boy drooling over my sushi while shouting about the UT game and slapping the waitress's ass. I say, and Arirang agrees with me, go to Denny's you lame drunkass mofo, it's not like you're going to remember what you ate anyway.
<review# 2721,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2006,11/29/2006,80,109,3,2,>I've only been there once, but wasn't terribly impressed.  Made the mistake of ordering a fettucini alfredo which was more like some soggy noodles lost in a flowing sea of lard.  The tables inside are tight, and not in a "cozy" sort of way.  Having stolen some of my girlfriend's food I can say it's not all bad, and the outside is more pleasant, but overall a pretty ho-hum place.
<review# 2722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2006,11/28/2006,6,5,1,2,2>Before I moved to Austin, I don't think I had even had a breakfast taco... now I am pretty sure I eat them 3-4 days a week. Nueva Onda was introduced to me by a friend and quickly became my favorite taco place in Austin. Now, make no mistake, Ausitn is filled with great taco stands including the famous Maria's Taco Express (which is terrifici as well), but for some reason I keep finding myself driving out of my way to to Nueva Onda. First the food -- okay, maybe I am not the best reviewer here becuase I have never had anything but tacos, but that is what I would reccomend going there for anyway. Hands down, these are my favorite in Austin -- and not just the breakfast tacos. They also have some different selection of canteloupe juice or other unusual fruit juice -- try it, it rocks!Service -- sometimes a little slow, but it is family run and they are very friendly.Atmosphere -- on a nice day, just sit outside on the patio and chill with friends. There is a nice book/magazine selection if you are just hanging by yourself.Okay, maybe not the most thorough review, but I really love this place and would reccommed giving it a try over some of the more popular or well known places like Taco Shack.
<review# 2723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,11/27/2006,100,158,,3,2>amazing!  delicious! brunch to die for.  my husband went for dinner the night before and took me for brunch the next morning.  incredible service and everything we ate was delicious and top notch, from the espresso to the migas to the eggs benedict south congress style.  i loved it!
<review# 2724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2006,11/26/2006,28,56,2,3,2>The legend on the menu says it was named the "Salt Lick" because that's where animals conglomerate. And like horses to salt, humans flock to the SL for round after gut bustin round of brisket, sausage, and ribs. The coleslaw and bread seem to be obstacles in the way of the meat. Mesquite is plentiful in dem part of the hills and the sausage hangs ornamentally over the open pit BBQ soaking up the flavorful aroma like sponges. I ate so much I actually had a meat hangover the next morning. Plop, plop, fizz, fizz... The staff must be soaked through the bone with mesquite vapors. Dogs must chase them home everyday. I pity them.Bring your own cooler of beer because it is a dry county. Wait for a table and wave at the truckers who blow their horns in respect as they past by.
<review# 2725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2006,11/25/2006,121,332,2,3,2>With a packed ACL schedule, it was difficult to make it around to the reknowned quality seafood. So eventually, my Austin hostess and host went out a week later and said the following:"john said his was okay, but my salmon was good. john eats salmon all the time and he said "wow, that's fresh""I'm trying to persuade them to yelp about it, but in the meantime, that's their review. Hopefully mine will follow soon on the next Austin trip!
<review# 2726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,11/24/2006,70,324,1,5,2>Super-friendly staff and a nice selection of well-named, reasonably-priced flights make Cork and Co. stand out. They carried a lot of off-the-beaten path wines -- we tried delicious ones from Connecticut and Hungary along with those from France, California, etc. Also you can buy bottles to take home or even to open, drink a bit, cork, and then take home (yippee for Texas laws). For trivia junkies or those in need conversation starters, check out the "smarts" trivia cards on the tables --  we played Wine Smarts, Chocolate Smarts, and Sex Smarts. Fun!
<review# 2727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2006,11/23/2006,118,439,,3,2>This cafe is a great stop for large groups or a date and the food is wonderful.  The decor is so bizarre but if you can find parking, you should definitely partake of the great food at Castle Hill.  The first, second and third time I went, I had one of the specialty salads because it was so darn good.  And, trust me, I am not the first to order a salad, but when it is topped with onion rings, why not?  The following time I ordered fish, pecan encrusted halibut, I believe, but i could be wrong...anyway, it was perfectly prepared and delicious.  The food is seriously yummy but my service has been mixed so four stars with a potential five one day.
<review# 2728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2006,11/20/2006,421,603,4,,2>How to date in an Austin bookstore.Dress semi chic, but funky enough so people know that you might have something cool to say.Go Alone.Always go to Half Price Books. Head to somewhere interesting like, hmm...self help, or poetry and wait for the next eligible bachelor to wander by where you two will inevitably bump into each other and discuss Yeats or Poe while wandering aimlessly among the books and other assorted  treasures...Or maybe that's just my fantasy  :)Half Price Books probably has every book you could possibly want. Named because of what it does (sells books for half of their store price, and sometimes less) the store both buys your old books and sells other people books back. Although they don't have much seating, and its lacking the requisite coffee shop inside like the bigger establishments, Half Price is really the only place to go to buy a book in this town.The staff is incredibly knowledgeable, the vibe is happening, and really you almost always find what you want. Or if you don't, you'll find another book that you didn't know you always wanted. And another. And..err...another.So if that hot date in the poetry aisle doesn't work out, bring your old books, score yourself some store credit and stick around for a while, you never know what can happen in a bookstore...
<review# 2729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,11/19/2006,76,179,,5,2>Best ice cream in town and the best atmosphere.  The Mexican vanilla is to die for.  Servers are entertaining and make for a good night even before you choose a flavor.  The location on the drag is a popular spot, but if you want a quieter location, go to the Amy's in the arboretum. It's a great date spot.
<review# 2730,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2006,11/18/2006,8,11,,5,1>Good "hole in the wall" vegetarian Indian restaurant.  Have a lot of South Indian and Bombay style stacks like Dosas, Bhel Puri etc.  Also have some north Indian dishes too.  Food is not too oily.  You order at the counter, pay and pick up a number and they bring your food out 10-20 mins later.  My only complaint is that sometimes they can mess up your order.
<review# 2731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,11/17/2006,20,23,1,,3>Charming, friendly, and the sole purveryor of "Oatscreme" that I have ever discovered. Oatscreme, for the uninformed, is similar to soft serve ice cream in color, texture, and taste, but made with only oats, vanilla, and water. That's right! No added sugar. You can bet a rubber rat on it, which you can get by walking through the back straight into Toy Joy.That's a rubber rat, not a mouse. Look up and down, you won't find a rubber mouse at Toy Joy.The Lavender mocha is fantastic as well. As my oatscreme companion stated, "I don't know whether to drink it or cuddle with it."
<review# 2732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2006,11/16/2006,6,3,,1,2>I'm in love. If it's at all possible to be in love with a crepe, or the place that makes them for that matter, then I'm in love with Flip Happy Crepes.  They're a tad hard to find on South Lamar (just past Oltorf on the right if you're heading north) and you are likely to drive past the entrance if you dont mistakenly turn into the driveway just south of theirs first.  Nestled far in the back of the lot, Flip Happy consists of a tiny airstream trailer with a red awning,  wooden tables and metal chairs scattered about and possibly the nicest guy on the planet taking your order.  I went on a friday evening and it was quite busy.  I enjoyed the pesto, goat cheese, sundried tomato and spinach crepe for $5.50.  Man was it ever good. It doesnt hurt that all of those items are on my list of favorite foods so roll them all up in a warm crepe and you really cant go wrong.  I did have a bite - or two -  of a friends lemon curd with blueberry sauce as well.. only one bite as to be polite, otherwise i could've eaten the whole darn thing when she wasnt looking.  My plan is to sample everything on the menu.. next up is the nutella and fruit (strawberries OR bananas) YUM. "All ingredients made from scratch, with love"
<review# 2733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,11/15/2006,2,34,1,4,4>Casa de Luz is my favorite place to eat.  It is vegan, macrobiotic, prix fixe menu.  Dinner is $12, you get soup, a small delicious salad bar, then a delicious healthy meal.  It also comes with hot and cold teas.  I could eat here every day, unfortunately I live across the country now, and can only wish that something similar would open here.
<review# 2734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2006,11/14/2006,23,3,,5,2>Wonderful and serene venue. Enjoy having a party in this all organic garden and gaze at the featured art from local Austin artists.
<review# 2735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,11/13/2006,9,25,1,2,2>Trust me when I say that I would never go to another salon... this is coming from one of those scensters that are far too concerned about their hair. Wet has the perfect combination of amazingly capable stylists without the pretension and snobbish behavior that so many other places have. They serve a huge range of clients from moms to the hip and trendy with the same level of sass and professionalism. Good music, good people, pretty fairly priced and they will always work you in ASAP. Ask for Will... he is the guy that re-vamps my "sexy".
<review# 2736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2006,11/12/2006,65,140,3,4,4>Did I get lucky, or did I get seated near a couple of really crabby asses?First my meal and my dates meal were just perfect.Crab stuffed canneloni for me chicken piccata for her.Shared a nice bottle of wine ( forget the white with chicken she wanted red and so did I) Was a bit to load to be called romantic, but what the hey the food was good.Good for us anyway - Two tables near us whined about everything - food to spicey,food to cold, when is the food getting here, the olive oil is stale, the fish tastes bad - Made me wonder if it was being prepared in the same kitchen as ours or what.Stars are based on what we had not what we heard.Best news is as they said they would never be back - I will and will enjoy it without the Whine whine whine.
<review# 2737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2006,11/11/2006,104,306,,3,5>Since I started my new job on 12th & Red River in June 2006, I've either had my car or had packed a lunch.  But yesterday, I had neither, so it was time for a lunchtime adventure.  When I asked my colleagues what was within walking distance, they suggested Serranos or Brick Oven, both within a block of our building.  No, I mean, within WALKING distance.  Walking half a block is hardly a walk -- that's more like a sneeze!  Then again, they will drive three blocks to go down to Jaime's Village. So, I took a stroll down Red River until I hit Sixth Street.  Nothing due west except for closed bars -- I took my chances toward I-35.  I happened upon a little alley-turned-courtyard, also known as Sabine Street.  And there it was, after a mere 12-minute walk from work, the peaceful sidewalk cafe I'd been looking for!Not only do they have a varied selection of breakfast, bakery, and coffee bar items, they also have a formidable menu of sandwiches, wraps, soups, and salads.  They've got your basic tunas and ham'n'cheeses, but they also have gourmet ingredients (brie, artichoke hearts, scallions...).  About the only drawback is way too many options - this place might not work out too well for the indecisive.I ordered the California Chicken Wrap, and I simply have to describe it because it was just too perfect (I had been craving a balanced lunch of veggies and protein): avocado, sprouts, spinach, tomato, tender chicken, tomato, dill sauce...all wrapped up in a garlic herb tortilla for $5.99.  The staff was also friendly, and they jokingly asked me to sign my life away when they handed me the credit card receipt.  I took a seat outside: it was quiet, cool in the shade, warm in the sun, tiny butterflies fluttered about, and I had a view of the crisp blue sky, the Frost Bank Tower, True Blue Tattoo, and historical Sixth Street.  I was surrounded by native garden beds, pecan trees, and if I'd had more time, I could have taken a stroll on Town Lake.  (The Waller Creek Trail entrance is right next to the cafe.)Upon returning to work for the afternoon, my colleagues asked me where I'd gone to lunch.  When I responded, "The Texas Picnic Company on 6th and Sabine," they exclaimed, "You walked ALL the way over there?"Yes, I did!  If they wish, they can stick to what's on our block, but let's just say, I like to "eat outside the box."  I'll easily walk six blocks if it means expanding my lunchtime options.  Call me a rebel, I guess.  This place is just great for those who work in the MLK/Red River neighborhood and don't want to venture up to the UT campus or the Drag. (hours: Monday-Friday, 7AM-3PM)
<review# 2738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2006,11/10/2006,104,21,2,3,3>Gomi is hands down my favorite spot to hit in Austin. I remember shopping there back in the day when they were on Mary Street, then Congress Street, and now 2nd Street. The owner John is one of the most chill and down to earth shop owners I have met in Austin. I stopped by over the weekend, and ended up chatting with John about various things like the SF Urban Clothing scence, Rocket Science, Careers, Music, Urban Vinyl, etc. The dude is just cool like that. Also, John sparked my interest in Bpitch Control many years ago, long before Ellen Allien blew up.Now onto his product. First, Gomi has an excellent array of music. I just picked up a DJ mix by Chromeo that I couldn't even find at Waterloo. And of course the music is always playing in the store for your listening pleasure. Second, Gomi has an excellent selection of top-notch labels. I have found excellent shirts there for local Austin DJs, shirts from Toki Doki, Upper Playground, Drifter, AVVA, etc. His selection is discerning as f&*k.Third, Gomi is a major supporter of the Urban Vinyl scene. This has become a serious culture in SF, NYC, and Tokyo. He is bringing an excellent collection of UV to Austin, which to my knowledge hasn't even heard of UV before. He even is kind enough to display his own private collection with works by Mars-1, Sam Flores, etc. (All locals in SF!!!)Last, I just found a Medicom UV figure from Unkle at Gomi over the weekend, that I didn't think I was going to have any luck finding. Hell yes!I freaking love this store and have an innate urge to go and spend tons of cash every time I am in Austin.
<review# 2739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2006,11/8/2006,39,170,2,1,2>This is the third best of the three Trudy's, which is like saying that the Holy Ghost is the third holiest of the three dudes in the Trinity.  It gets 4 stars only in comparison to the other two locations, both of which have somewhat nicer setups - this one is in a fairly depressing anchor-store parking lot.Things to get at Trudy's - enchilada's with caliente sauce, stuffed avocado, fajita's, hondo burrito with spiced smoked chicken, queso especial, homemade flour tortilla's, both salsa's, their chips (so dainty and crisp and salty...)...  And two Mexican Martini's.For the record - there is a competition in Austin regarding the Mexican Martini's.  First know that one "mexican martini" is served in a shaker, so once you finish the one they pour in your glass you basically have a full second drink.  And a STRONG drink at that.  Now if you want you can order a second one.  I hope you have a designated driver now.  But no matter what - they won't give you a third.  And if you want to order two, you can't order ANY other alcohol.  1 beer + 2 martini's isn't allowed.To get around this, some folks drive (or get driven to, hopefully) to all three Trudy's and try to get two at each in a single afternoon/evening.I really don't know how this is possible and I don't know anyone who's ever done it.  Actually I wouldn't be surprised if it is an urban legend because I imagine that the second Trudy's would notice you are blasted and wouldn't serve you, and the thrid Trudy's would notice that you have died and wouldn't serve you either.
<review# 2740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2006,11/7/2006,63,442,,5,2>Newest Chinese BBQ in town - they just opened late August 2006 - so they are still working out some quirks such as seating and ordering. The Roast Pork here is better than DinHo - more flavor.  You can even get pig ears, intestines, etc ... that i don't think DinHo has on there menu.  In fact it seems like they have more items on there menu than DinHo - only exception is you won't find any live seafood here - at least i didn't see any tanks. But for everything else this is a new option for Austin diner's.  They still don't take credit cards - bring cash.
<review# 2741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2006,11/6/2006,110,135,2,3,1>uber-hip sexy mexi.  try the cochinita pibil and a fresh agua de pina.you can't go wrong with this place, the salsa is exceptional and the food is consistently good.
<review# 2742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2006,11/5/2006,339,246,3,7,8>I can't believe people are rating a university solely based on the football team. Are you kidding me? Where are America's priorities nowadays? But enough of my anti-live-vicariously-through-other-people's-­athletic-abilities rant. I'm here to tell you about why UT Austin is such a great place to go to college or just to visit.The city of Austin really adds to the college experience at the university. The live music scene, which even has a presence on the campus through the Cactus Cafe, the colorful personality of the city, the outdoor activities, the innumerable local restaurants, the downtown area, among other features are attributes any UT student needs to take advantage of while he or she is there.The campus might not be the prettiest one in the world or the country, but it certainly has its own character. The student body is fairly diverse for a state university in Texas, and there are enough registered student organizations to make your selection of extracurricular activities a challenge.Many high school students choosing a college shy away from UT Austin because of its large student body. This can actually be good rather than bad: you learn how to interact with a much wider range of personality types. Take some major-independent courses: that's a really easy way to meet people whom you might otherwise never have had you stuck to classes that are offered to students only of your major.The verdict: If you visit Austin, you should allocate a part of your day to wander around the vast campus just to people watch if you don't have time to check out what is currently on display at the Harry Ransom Center. (Both activities are free!) If you are a high school student considering what colleges to apply to, UT is definitely a great value for the tuition you pay, especially if you are a Texas resident.
<review# 2743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2005,11/4/2006,17,67,,4,>Absolutely the best Mexican restaurant in Texas.  Their mole sauce is to die for.  And a perfect "hole in the wall" ambience.
<review# 2744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2006,11/3/2006,25,45,,2,3>The only way to see a movie.  Your experience will start with clever film clips played before the beginning.  For instance, during Cars, they showed old car commercials from the 50s.  And then you place your order for various delicious food and drink items by writing down what you want on a slip of paper and sticking it in the holder in front of your seat.  They also offer specials related to the movie.  During Snakes on a Plane, you could order Snakes on a Plate, yes, an actual snake meal!  The food is great, you can get beer, and even if the movie sucks, the experience will still be fun.  There are plenty of special events too, like watching the movie with the composer or author or producer or something cool like that.  It's hard to say enough good things about the Drafthouse.
<review# 2745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2006,11/2/2006,0,3,,3,1>If you appreciate the little things in life, then Mozart's is the place to go, any time of day or night.From the gentle waves lapping under your feet to the live music (at a tolerable decibel), the turtles poking their heads above water and the nightlights that kick in when the sun goes down over the water, there's something enjoyable for everyone who takes a seat at this local coffeeshop.However, to call it just a coffeeshop would be to undermine Mozart's. A scrumptious bakery case with varieties of mousses, cakes, and cheesecakes that put weight on just looking at them greets you as soon as you walk in. After being hit by the comforting drafts of freshly made coffees and teas, step to the left of the bakery bar and choose your weapon from the Amy's Ice Cream case (another local favorite and landmark business). Or just go for the coffee, the mochachino, the toddy granita, or any variety of teas. The staff are attentive and fast; always ready with a smile and taking care of people 5th and 6th in line to help with the long wait that can occur on the weekends (did I mention how popular it is?).But fret not--it's open til midnight or 1 am most nights.Once your hands are full--and they will be; the portions are more than generous--take yourself or your laptops and find a spot inside or out on one of four decks facing the beautiful Lake Austin.You'll always enjoy a great sunset since the decks face that way, and when the sun goes down, don't fret--the decks are adorned with rope lights that guarantee you'll find a well-lit, yet romantic, spot to sit and chat. The person you see tripping over everything is me, and I really can't blame the lack of light, I'm sorry to say.Many tables are available for parties of virtually any number, and though close together, each table feels private. There's no 'cafeteria' feel--or sound--here.Sometimes live music will be playing on the welcome deck. Even close by--and I've sat very close by--you can still hold a conversation. Some of the most beautiful music I've ever heard was played outside at Mozart's.All in all, Mozart's is about the best place to relax after a long day, bring a laptop to get extra work done in a beautiful, serene setting, take a date after dinner, or kill some time before a movie. There simply isn't a single time I've been disappointed in my Mozart's experiences. (Except for last Sunday, which brings me to the one downside of Mozart's: you may run into someone you don't care to see. In this case, I ran into my ex. I'm sorry to say I did not throw it in reverse.)You can also buy coffee by the pound special-made by Mozart's, use the restrooms, and rest assured of the handicap-accessibility.I could say more, but I'm headed off to Mozart's yet again. I think this makes trip #128? That's a lot of coffee.
<review# 2746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,11/1/2006,25,319,,2,1>I love this place. I love the music. I love the food. I love the cute T-shirts the waiters/waitresses wear. And it's a great place to take the whole family. Recommendations: Cedar Valley BurgerNutty Shrimp Wontons (Appetizer)Nutty's Queso (Appetizer)Cecil GalloChicken Fried SteakCedar Valley Smothered Chicken
<review# 2747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2006,10/31/2006,462,792,,2,2>No one's reviewed The Oasis? Seriously? The original Oasis burned half down a couple of years ago but the intrepid crew sprung into action and rebuilt it quickly and didn't go overboard upgrading it (a good thing). Great views of Lake Travis, edgy but not too edgy waitstaff. Pretty good food and awesome sunsets. A big stage with music and dancing too.
<review# 2748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,10/30/2006,50,29,,3,1>Nicole is great for normal cuts.  Denae is good for updos.  They also sell Bumble and Bumble products.
<review# 2749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,10/29/2006,128,427,,6,3>Homeslice is a must. I've been lucky enough to have great NY pizza, great Midwest pizza, and legendary NJ boardwalk pizza. Homeslice is as close as you get to this greatness.Yes, the wait staff is just OK, but the pizza is delicious. Large, thin, fold-able slices with tasty sauce, fresh toppings, and crust that's just slightly burned and flavored with a pinch of salt. The wine list leaves something to be desired, but I have to award 5 stars because it's the best pizza I've had west of the Mississippi.Lick your plate clean.
<review# 2750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,10/28/2006,4,6,,4,2>Azul's sandwiches ROCK.  I always get the pork tenderloin, goat cheese and apple sandwich - YUM.  If it's been too long since I've eaten there, I start dreaming about it.  The other sandwiches are excellent too - I have had bites : )  Good coffee, yummy unusual sodas (e.g. Topo Chico, etc.).  The inside seating area is cozy, and the outside is surrounded by tropical plants, providing a nice little oasis.  Friendly and efficient service.  Yay, Azul!
<review# 2751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2006,10/27/2006,76,266,,4,3>I took a friend of mine out to dinner for her birthday and she chose Zax Pints and Plates.  What a great choice it turned out to be.Our waiter was friendly and thoroughly explained that evening's specials, as well as the menu items we asked about.  My friend ordered the scallop special and I ordered the steak salad.  We also sprung for the cheese plate appetizer.All of the food was excellent.  It's been a long time since I had a meal where everything was so good.  Even the dressing for my salad was top notch.  The fresh baked bread they served is of the sort that you keep begging the waiter to bring out more.  I eagerly went to the fridge the next day to devour the leftovers.We left totally impressed.  This would be a great place to take a date.  You don't need a reservation to get in, although the quality of service and food were as good somewhere you would need one.
<review# 2752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2006,10/26/2006,65,138,1,2,2>How could I not love Nomadic Notions? They got me hooked ... they have great classes and a wonderful selection of just what you need ... and what you don't. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful ... and their instructors know their stuff. It's always nice to welcomed with open arms to a place where you can let your creative juices flow.Thank you NM for 5 years of inspiration!!
<review# 2753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2006,10/25/2006,150,151,,2,3>Amazing sushi was clearly not something I was expecting to get out of my recent trip to Austin.  Not that I assumed I would be chowing down on barbecue the whole weekend (okay, maybe a little) but sushi and Texas just aren't words that are associated in my mind. Was I ever wrong!Kenichi was a huge surprise.  We wound up here simply because we were in the area, it was getting late and a lot of places had stopped their dinner service. Kenichi not only still had an open kitchen, but they we able to seat our large group.  Some rolls were made with spicy, blackened fish  (something I'd never experienced in a sushi roll before), and some included panko (because there's nothing better than crunchy sushi).  The spicy tuna was ridiculously, deliciously spicy.The real stand-out here is an appetizer called Spicy Edamame, where they saute the edamame pods in siracha, chili oil, and something sweet, like teriyaki.  It's the most incredible taste experience, kinda like edamame meets buffalo wings.  Totally messy, crazy spicy and infuriatingly addictive.If you want to try this out on your own, I think I've come close to figuring out something very similar:  You get a bag of edamame in the pods (frozen, from Trader Joe's) and boil them.  Also get General Tsao's  stir-fry sauce (again, from TJ's) and slowly stir in a little siracha (the rooster sauce) until it's just about as spicy as you can handle.  Mix this combo in with the still-hot edamame pods and stir it up until they're all coated.  And instead of salt, try sprinkling it with some Lawry's.  Betcha can't just eat a handful!If anyone has heard of a place in San Francisco serving up something like this, please, please, please let me know!
<review# 2754,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2006,10/24/2006,81,68,,6,>This is the place to find the perfect jeans. It isn't incredibly cheap for used clothing, but considering that they are used clothes, they aren't in that bad of shape. DO NOT sell anything here because you have to turn around and spend a percentage there. It is not cash-in-hand.
<review# 2755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2006,10/23/2006,9,9,,2,4>How convenient can a convenient store be?Ask any one of the customers at QP Food Mart.The place not only has all the regular convenient store goodies that one could want, but it comes packed with the hugest wine selection you could imagine for a little corner store. As if you weren't already confused enough (liquor store? convenient store?), QP also sells kegs! That's right folks, they have the whole set up at QP at pretty regular prices. Two things that I love the most about QP besides the wine and kegs: a drive through window and the very frequent buy one get, one free Camels. Also, these guys have been known to give cash back on a debit card and who does that? It's the small things in life that I enjoy the most, and I enjoy my QP Food Mart.
<review# 2756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2006,10/21/2006,7,9,4,4,2>Toy Joy is NOT a sex shop, it really is a toy store. You would think that this doesn't need to be said but, trust me, it does.Remember all those toys you played with as a kid? Take a walk down memory lane and embrace your inner child. Ask to see their selection of 'boxing' puppets. They are great!
<review# 2757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2006,10/20/2006,10,2,,4,3>American Western Bistro.So I went here Friday for an anniversary celebration.  It was amazingly crowded.  We went upstairs to wait for the table and had a cocktail in the upstairs hotel lobby.  Great atmosphere and great balcony.  We had reservations but the table wasn't ready for about 20 minutes which was fine.  The service I must say was not as great as I expected.  The waiter would take our order and then disappear.  For quite a while.  It wasn't that he was rude, I believe they were understaffed.  Our waiter in addition to our table had a private room that seated around 25 people.  BTW, this room looked pretty awesome for private parties, very secluded and in the back with windows. All this said. The food was amazing.  Because this is classified as a 'Western' bistro there is lots of green chile.  The green chile mac and cheese is to die for.  I don't really enjoy mac and cheese, but this is basically mac noodles w/this alfredo/green chile rich decadent cheese dish.  It comes in a cauldron and we split amongst 3 people.  I had the crab cakes. These have corn and chile in the crab mixture.  Quite a different texture than I am used to, but very good.  Also the chopped salad w/green chile ranch dressing w/blue cheese and red and yellow tomatoes.  Everyone, everyone loves the green chile pork stew.  It too is served in a cauldron w/ 4 large flour buttered tortillas that are so light and yummy.  Also this place is really great to sit in the bar area.  You have to get there early or circle tables/chairs for people to leave.  They  have a bar menu, everything $5, which includes the above green chile stew and I believe the BIG ASS Burger may be on the menu as well.  I've heard it's excellent.  Last time I had the tortilla soup.  It was good, but I've had better and wouldn't recommend trying it when they have so many green chile dishes to try.  As far as price, it's in the moderate range.  Most appetizers are $8.  Most salads $8, and most entrees $13-25 range. Sides are served separately ranging $6 each but are giant portions that you can share w/guests.I will definitely be back.
<review# 2758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,10/19/2006,58,77,,3,3>Woohoo Wahoo's!!! When you go to Austin, Texas this is the happening afternoon spot. My band was playing there this summer and a friend took us to this joint when the sun was just BLAIZIN!!! We got in there and it just so happened to be the $1 Margherita special time o the day! And they HOOK YOU UP!!! I had a big ol chalice of margheritas, my friend, and the fun don't stop there. You might actually want to try a fish taco....and when you do...just sit back, relax and imagine yourself chillin on some super cool surfer beach in Mexico, cuz dats da vibe!Oh and be sure to say hello to Dirty Bill, the ceramic gnome that happens to live at Wahoo's during his off time...
<review# 2759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2006,10/18/2006,284,200,4,5,4>My frugal, male roommates looked at me with disapointment when I told them I ate here. "That place is notoriously known for being bad," one of them said."Yeah, they're like, 'Welcome, we don't give a fuck about you,'" another chimed in.Well, my experience wasn't awful but lukewarm. A friend of mine recommended this diner, saying they had the best migas in town, so I had to check it out. I rode my bike here and waited a while - a little too long considering the place wasn't too busy - and once I got a seat at the bar I had to convince the owner to let me keep my $700 bike inside. He was accomodating though. My migas were excellent, I must admit, but it took the server FOREVER to get me coffee and food. They only have one coffee maker, WTF! Also, the girl sitting next to me pointed out that the hashbrowns are never crisp enough. And, the sucky music is waaaaay too loud. Why do people come here again?I'm glad I went though because I made a new friend with this other girl sitting at the bar and we talked about our cats like were were crazy-cat-ladies who knew each other for years. Once again, people in Austin are so friendly!
<review# 2760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,10/15/2006,24,69,1,1,1>This is definitely a must stop joint in Austin, although, I have to say it, it's not the greatest place I've ever been to.  I know, I know... I may get kicked in the junk for saying that, but please, cut me some slack... I've been to a lot of places, and all I'm saying is that this is not THE best Mexican joint I've ever been in.The food is good, the booze is great, the staff is rad, there are a few good veggie options, but... there's usually a wait. I hate waiting. I should've given it one star just to drive my loyal legion of fans away from the place... ensuring that well... basically nothing would happen. I'll eat there again, and I'll enjoy it. I promise. As long as there's no line.
<review# 2761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2006,10/14/2006,367,708,,2,1>The Blanton Art Museum is an amazing museum for a medium sized city.  The Blanton has a fine assortment of modern to pre-renaissance.  This is a serious museum and looking at their modern media piece as daring, evocative and daring for the heart of Texas.  Austin is not Houston or Dallas and this museum lives beyond its environs.  I thoroughly enjoyed this museum and I am a serious museum hound.  Please GO to the Blanton.
<review# 2762,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2006,10/11/2006,49,109,1,1,1>"Time/Date: Tuesday 8:30 pmType/Quality: An expensive Steak House that does angus grade steaks. I wasn't blown away but the food is good. Price/Quanity: About $30 bucks per steak with sides. You will walk away full. For the price its average. Service/Accesibility: They kept my cup of water full, heaven. The waitress was attentive, and we were seated quickly; it was late. Structure/Ambience: It has a relaxing atmosphere that gives it a private feel. You can't cheat on your husband there, but you can do bussiness.
<review# 2763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/10/2006,38,32,1,1,2>QUIZ:Please pick the best answer to the question below.What do you think of when you hear the words Top-shelf Tuesday?a.  a puck shot in hockey.b.  a high school English lesson on alliteration.c.  Trudy's.d.  none of the above.If you did not pick option c.  Trudy's, then you probably did not attend the University of Texas or ever attempt the "Trudy's Trot" (see footnote).  That's okay though.  Once upon a few weeks ago, I failed the quiz miserably and found myself taking slap shots alongside Wayne Gretzky's nephew.  Now, look at me:  Yelping away.DRINK THERE:Okay, grab your Day-Runner, Blackberry, or what have you.  Now, create a 5-7pm window on Tuesday night for some serious QT with one of Trudy's top-shelf Mexican martinis, free and bottomless baskets of tortilla chips, two (also free) types of keep-you-drinking salsas, and some friends (in order to not look like an AA candidate).  I stress that you check out Trudy's Tuesdays during Happy Hour so that you can hit up the Mexican martini drink specials; however, Trudy's runs other specials throughout the week such as mojito special Sundays.  DON'T DRINK THERE:Items that I suggest you avoid on Trudy's menu are the house margaritas.  Whether frozen or on the rocks, the house margs taste like, well, any other cheap house crap.  So, go ahead, spend the extra 50 cents or whatever it is, and treat yourself to a margarita made with the good stuff.EAT THERE:If hunger hits, this Tex-Mex joint offers the cheese-slathered Hondo Burrito (great w/ the chicken fajita meat) that comes paired with Spanish rice and your choice of beans--including spicy black, borracho, pinto, refried, or refried black.  If you're concerned about the state of your arteries, try the smoked chicken quesadillas or the black bean veggie burger.  ENJOY:Whether eating enchiladas in their restaurant, watching the game in the adjoining bar, or sipping on a Mexican martini on the outdoor patio, you're sure to find a comfortable place at Trudy's to enjoy and unwind with friends.  And hey, you might just ace that quiz after all.__________________________________________________Trudy's Trot:  n. a rite-of-passage of sorts in which the true Trudy's connoisseur travels to each of the three Trudy's locations and drinks the maximum (2) Mexican martinis at each location.** with the aid of a reliable designated driver.* without getting caught by suspecting waitstaff.
<review# 2764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2006,10/9/2006,199,77,5,6,4>one of the fondest memories of living and partying in austin is sixth street .  it wasnt just for the bar/club scene, but it also included the best wurst.  the best wurst does not have a physical address because it's a hot dog cart, actually a bratwurst cart.  as you pass by the cart you'll see a line of people snaking around this cart with all this steam coming from pile of  grilled bratwursts and onions.  its located caddie cornered to the hard rock cafe.   right when you get out of the club or bar, my mouth waters everytime i see and smell the brats cooking.  i have to make my way to the cart everytime i'm out on sixth street.  i get so excited when i get that spicy, juicy brat drenched with grilled onions and topped off with spicy deli mustard.   ooh, i need to go back to austin..
<review# 2765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/5/2006,30,14,1,2,1>Time to pretend like you were at your 10th birthday party at chuck e cheeses, playing video games and eating pizza. Only this time, the pizza got a whole LOT better. And even if you hate video games (ah-hem) then you can enjoy the delicious wine-margaritas--recently added to the menu. OR better yet, get a wine-margarita while playing pac-man over and over, guaranteed to make the game even more addicting. Rounder's pizza is baked in the coal oven, giving it that delicious new york style flavor. The crust is crisp and crunchy, but not over-cooked, which is my favorite quality about the pizza. Not to mention the many different, exotic, and delicious toppings Rounders has to choose from. I got the artichokes and mushroom toppings, but also suggest the ricotta and sun-dried tomatoes. There are also a variety of meat toppings for those who crave a meaty pizza. There are 2 sizes of pizza - 14-inch Casino ($7) and 18-inch Casino Real ($11).We got the smaller and split it--and still had 2 pieces leftover. The toppings range from $1-3, all bottle beers $3 and an array of wines to choose from. Great for lunch or a family/friends night out. They also have take-out pizza and delivery! I wonder if they can deliver those delicious wine-margariatas! (hehe)
<review# 2766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/4/2006,48,897,2,2,>Um, can we talk about the infestation of flying crickets at the Austin airport? I had to take a super early flight out and as I walked through the otherwise empty airport, I realized that there were large bugs crawling around on the floor. First, I thought they were cockroaches, but then I realized that they're actually crickets. They even hop away when you try to step on them. They also fly very high. And they are EVERYWHERE. It became a fun game to see whether or not any given cricket would get crunched when it ventured into the "road...." Other than that, I think that the Austin airport is really nice. It is very new feeling - it even smells new - and has lots of cool photos of Austin hanging on the walls. There is also a live music band that plays during the day, which I've never encountered in an airport before. Makes for a nice airport experience, just watch out for all those crickets....
<review# 2767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,10/3/2006,10,75,1,2,>This is one of the very few seafood experiences I might recommend to diners in Austin.  The setting definitely offers the power lunch vibe.  The seating is below the level of the sidewalks outside, so you get a weird angle on the tons of foot traffic on Congress.  The service is high-end, too -- random staff who are not your server will fill drinks and whatnot (ok, this isn't really high end, but should be a basic, but you'll admit it's not, right?).  In addition to all this flair, you get to pay out the wazoo.The menu is printed new each meal.  The seafood is not only fresh, it's identified by source (e.g., Alabama catfish and Hilo Hawaii Ahi Tuna).  Seriously, you can order oysters on the half shell from 5 different locations.  I guess this is the excuse for charging $7.95 for 4 oysters.  I'm not kidding.  What most places will do for approximately 50 cents a pop costs you 2 bucks here.  Hope that you care whether your oysters are from Washington, Rhode Island or Timbuktu.  You're paying for the increased fuel prices, I suppose...
<review# 2768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2006,10/2/2006,63,154,,1,1>I think this place either moved or went out of business, well, I think more than likely they just closed their retail location and focused on restaurant shipments only. They used to carry Wagyu kobe beef and was pricey but DAMN GOOD! When I lived in Austin and had a real house and a backyard and a weber GRILL, I go there all the time when I want some really good steak. definitely beat spending the same amount of money at a steakhouse, especially when most of the steakhouse chains suck... (I do love Saltgrass though, cheap and good)...
<review# 2769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2006,10/1/2006,8,152,,2,2>Easily one of the best indie music stores in the country.  I recently moved away from Austin and The Alamo Drafthouse and Waterloo Records are the only two things I will miss.The variety and selection are beyond comparison in Austin.  They also host terrific events, such as in-store performances and advance listens of new releases.  Free beer can usually be found at both and you can get away with recording audio of the performances.The only draw back is like that of any indie record store: the cashier is going to question every purchase you make, because everyone there thinks they're a music critic.  If you're going to buy the #1 Billboard album, stick to Best Buy, but if you don't mind forking over the extra cash, this is the place for obscure music.The only major drawback is the location: horrible traffic and the usual fight-to-the-death for a parking spot.  This place is always busy.  A visit to Waterloo at 2pm on a Wednesday will make you wonder if anyone in Austin has a job.
<review# 2770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2006,9/30/2006,89,85,,3,2>Great buffet lunch. The kebobs and chicken are really tasty. I could spend lots of time stuffing myself there, but only ate at lunch so I had to go back to work and be productive. This is a nice place for a fast lunch, and inexpensive too.
<review# 2771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,9/28/2006,2,3,1,2,2>Even though I'm sure everyone who lives in Austin has already been here, I feel the need to review Rudy's as a recent transplant.  First of all, one cannot overlook the cosmic relevance of having a BBQ joint in a gas station, we didn't.  Upon reaching the counter we were asked if "y'all 've been here before, right?", and when we replied no all hell broke loose, in a good way.  Some form of non verbal communication informed the rest of the staff that we were rookies, and the entire group of guys started to hoot and yell.  Then we were given tastes of whatever we wanted to get a feel for how they do things there.  Three words "Extra Moist Brisket"- it's to die for, by extra moist they mean "not extra lean", I used the word "fatty", and was quickly corrected, but if you mean "fatty" as a compliment like I do, then this is you're meat; tender and juicy and lined with a crust of crunchy peppery goodness, the extra moist packs a lot of flavor in, and because you order by the pound, you can be as much of a glutton as you want to be without feeling like one.  The links were lackluster,but the creamed corn was great, very thick, and obviously homemade.  Also the bottle of sauce is on the table, so, while it's still not as spicy as I'm used to, it's still got excellent flavor, and you can put as much as you want, in my case alot, on your meat.  My favorite Q in Texas (so far).
<review# 2772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2006,9/27/2006,46,211,,2,1>Cool atmosphere and great food.  The wait can get a little long here, but at least you have chips and salsa (and a nice margarita, if you can elbow your way to the bar) to keep you company.  The Comida Deluxe is easily a meal for two people, but I never share because it's too tasty.
<review# 2773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2006,9/26/2006,13,49,,4,2>Enoteca Vespaio is located right next door to the original Vespaio restaurant on South Congress- only this one is more of an Italian cafe than a fine dining experience. Their menu is extensive and offers paninis, pizzas, pastas and lots of antipasta varities to choose from. I appreciated the different local cheeses on the sampler. The ingredients tasted fresh, and well thought out. They even have prepared pastas and antipasto to take home with you. The place feels a bit crowded, but that makes it feel a bit more authentic in my opinion. If you can't stand the wait at the restaurant next door, put your name on the wait list here. You will definitely get in sooner at Enoteca and be offered the same fresh Italian for less.  Paninis run about $8, pizza is about $12, and the pasta is about $13.
<review# 2774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,9/25/2006,110,659,,2,3>Coming from the food obsessed city of San Francisco, my fiancee and I decided to put Austin to the test and sample the local Italian fare. Overall, we found La Traviata to be quite good. The atmosphere was very urban, and although the restaurant can get a little loud when crowded, it didn't distract from the overall experience. The wine list is decent for both whites and reds, and the pasta dishes we tried held up well to their San Francisco equivalents. Bonus points if you're a wine lover like me and want to have a post-dinner glass or two... La Traviata is two doors away from Cork!
<review# 2775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,9/24/2006,72,158,,2,2>This is one of my favorite restaurants in Austin. Thinking about their mole enchiladas and avacado sandwhich makes my mouth water. Also features a really cute enclosed patio that often has live music (the subtle variety).
<review# 2776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2006,9/23/2006,935,1053,6,7,5>I had a slice of pizza here at 1 am Saturday.  I think it was good but I really don't remember.  I do know that it helped soak up the booze and allowed me to keep drinking.  Thanks, Roppolo's!
<review# 2777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/22/2006,15,50,,4,1>Oh my God! This is one of the best hamburgers I have EVER had!  I opted for the Chubby Chuck which consisted of a perfect hamburger pattie, BBQ sauce, onions, pickles, and grated cheddar cheese.  All within a fresh white bread bun.....perfection.  Seriously this place is DA BOMB.  The fries are fantastic as well...all cut in house and very fresh.  The only bad thing that I had there were the onion rings....they were horrible, but don't let that stop you from going...just don't order them.
<review# 2778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/21/2006,100,158,,2,2>incredibly hip, terrifically friendly staff, and all around great place.  i will stay here every time i visit austin from now on.  great rooms, super staff (bartenders, front desk, everyone), great scene, not an ounce of pretense.  fabulous little place to catch a few winks, have a few glasses of white sangria, or just hang out and relax.
<review# 2779,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2006,9/20/2006,121,332,,3,3>Thursday is martini and manicure (M&M) night for $10. Girlfriend and I rolled in this joint after working 10+ hours and feeling like crap. We made the b-line for the lounge in the back to reveal manicure tables. Oh my. This was going to be my third manicure in 2 weeks.This night is perfect for dolls and guys (yes guys should get some pampering too or some eye candy) to get a quick manicure to paint the rest of town red that weekend. Apparently there is someone who threads eyebrows too.  Just make sure to order a drink first and get a manicure ticket for the manicurists. And give that ticket to the manicurist, so they can be rightfully paid as moonlighters (I am a sucker for people who play hard and work hard, esp. after a 10+ hour day). There were 10 tables set out for manicurists, so the line goes fast!The mojitini was girlie-delish. The girl next to us complained that the appletini tasted like medicine, so maybe avoid that martini. Unfortunately, there aren't many martini options (only 3) for the M&M deal. And we scarfed down the spinach and artichoke dip with chips and pita chips. Fun for a quick M&M picker-upper for us girlie girls and manly men!
<review# 2780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,9/19/2006,70,324,,2,1>Wow! A five-star even compared to San Francisco shops. Local Texas wine (try Becker Vineyards), California favorites (Meeker and the like), and a great selection of standard and non-so-standard international choices (Hungarian, Bulgarian, Greek, etc). You can also get beer, booze, fancy cheese, chocolate, and all that.
<review# 2781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2006,9/18/2006,118,439,1,2,1>Best breakfast tacos EVER!  Ask for the Don Juan tacos with an extra flour tortilla.  You will see why when they bring out a heaping mound of filling on your breakfast tacos.  The salsa is super spicy but so fresh.  The best part is that it costs about $3.00 to get a ridiculous amount of delicious hangover food.  Say "Hello" to Juan as he will be walking through, making sure you are being treated with good service.  My only complaint is that there are no fountain drinks.  However, the cheap goodness can not be matched.
<review# 2782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,9/17/2006,37,58,,3,1>I had some good steak kabobs here. The cheesy rice sounds disgusting ( i ordered it by mistake) but it was great! The margaritas are really great too. The atmosphere is really different from the other bars on 6th street. The ceilings are about 15 feet high with exposed iron beams and the place is really well lit. Maybe too well lit for a bar on 6th?I would suggest this place for a good lunch meal (its about 3 blocks from the Hilton) in under an hour but as a bar I wouldn't recommend.
<review# 2783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/15/2006,76,179,2,5,3>A championship football team, world-class Blanton and Harry Ransom Center museums, the LBJ Presidential Library, even Gregory Gym's new posh pool for all students, what's not to love?  UT has a top-rated Law School, Business School,  Engineering school, RTF program PLUS its own movie production company.  Since I was a journalism grad, I have to give props to KUT-radio, KVR-TV and The Daily Texan.However, I give this past weekend's football game against Ohio State only 3 stars.  A fumble on the 2 yard line??? Come on, guys! What about that jumbo tron? The largest in the world and in High-Def! That gets 5 stars, too.
<review# 2784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,9/14/2006,1,9,3,2,3>In many ways, this is the quintessential South Austin Mexican restaurant.  You got friends coming from places that think Taco Bell is Mexican food?  Set em straight... take them here.  The salsas range from decent to sublime (the blackened salsa is my fave), the vibe on the porch is busy-happy-Austin, and the service has always done right by me.  During peak times this place gets a little hairy, but even when packed to the gills, it is usually a worthwhile stop. Chili Relleno Al Nogal with grilled vegetables is scientifically proven to be the single best chili relleno made by human hands.  Once a better relleno was brought to mankind by Prometheus, but the gods struck him down and invented Tostitos brand chips and dip to punish us for our precociousness.I have never been sad I came to Polvo's, and it has been a staple of mine since moving to the cool side of Austin years ago.
<review# 2785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/13/2006,2,34,,4,2>How i miss tex-mex.  Mexican martinis and portabella fajitas are my favorites at Trudy's.  The Sangrita (sangria swirled with frozen margarita) is another delicious, slightly less potent drink choice.  Trudy's breakfast is delicious also.  This is my favorite tex-mex restaurant.
<review# 2786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2006,9/12/2006,65,140,1,2,1>I like this place because it is Austin wierd, and the food is good.The Asian I tend to go for at a few other places around Austin, but the Mediterranean, is just right. It is a nice place to take a date if you want to be able to talk and enjoy a nice meal. ( What a unique concept, wanting the be able to communicate on a date, huh.)
<review# 2787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,9/11/2006,104,21,3,1,1>I seriously considered leaving my job in San Francisco so I can open a Chuy's location in SF. Chuy's has been proven to be the best tasting food on Earth. *Pause.* Actually, I cannot continue this review as I will never be able to do this restaurant justice. By the way, i've actually visited Chuy's four times in one week. In addition, I've started a religious group on Facebook called the Followers of Chuyism. Chica-Chica Boom Boom!
<review# 2788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2006,9/10/2006,35,26,,4,1>Clementine is great for a lazy morning. The design is fun, the coffee is on par.
<review# 2789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,9/9/2006,39,170,,2,1>I went to this Rudy's in particular numerous times during my last few years in the great Austin.  All Rudy's are pretty similar, though.  They have really good beef brisket and sausage.  Their jalapeno sausage is very tasty and spicy.  You can order the brisket in regular, extra lean, or extra fatty varities to suit all tastes (I always got and enjoyed the extra lean).  The best side they have is creamed corn.Their sauce, as the commercial said, "is boss".  It is VERY spicy and peppery.  I really enjoy their sauce but it is too spicy for some weak-kneed northerners or people from Dallas.
<review# 2790,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/15/2006,9/8/2006,63,442,,4,1>This is the closest you'll get to those quick food joints you see in Japan-town Center out in San Francisco. I think this place is affiliated with the full-service Origami restaurant up in Round Rock - prices are a little more on the pricey side for a fast food style place - about 6 to 8 bucks... still if your looking for Japanese food and don't feel like going to the highly gringo and hippie  Zen or sitting in full service restaurant - this is a good alternative.
<review# 2791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2006,9/7/2006,110,135,2,5,3>Delicious cuisine that is not usual for Austin.  I think all the asians  that come to austin and work for Dell, IBM, Motorola, or other super corporations come in F.O.B. and bring all of their relatives, lucky us. We get to eat yummy exotic cooking! :) Very reasonably priced. Take a date, they will be impressed by your culture taste and flair. (that sounds like a fortune cookie). In Austin, all "Asian" restaurants give you a fortune cookie at the end of your meal.
<review# 2792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,9/6/2006,339,246,,7,3>You're in Austin, and you need a place to have a really good brunch? Lucky you!Green Pastures dishes out its delectable results in a historic house, complete with an ostentation of peacocks. (Yes, that is the collective noun for peacock.) The $30 all-you-can-eat brunch on Sundays from 11am - 2pm presents nouveau continental cuisine, a live pianist, and the drink that keeps me coming back: milk punch."Milk punch, you say? Isn't punch usually made of fruit?" Punch doesn't have to have a fruit base to be good, you know. This one is composed of three different hard liquors (bourbon, rum, and brandy), whole milk, and Hagen-dazs vanilla ice cream. They say that one glass will make your day, but I will usually down about four since they keep refilling your glass!The verdict: Green Pastures is a definite brunch spot if you haven't been before. And probably if you already have.Disclaimer: I have never been for other meals, but brunch is a safe bet.
<review# 2793,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2006,9/2/2006,19,194,1,1,1>Great place for pepperoni rolls and beer. Don't expect fancy pizza or anything like that, just greasy and totally satisfying pizza dough stuffed with pepperoni and cheese and a large pitcher of Shiner Bock.If you must, there is a small salad bar, but really, own up to why you are there... and go for what they do best.
<review# 2794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2006,8/31/2006,462,792,,2,1>Great acts. Here, Continental Club and Saxon Pub are the first entertainment listings I check. My first time here to see Ray Wylie Hubbard, Ray sat down at my table and watched the last couple of songs by the opening act. The food is waaaaaaaay downhome. A little greasy but just like Mom cooked if you're Johnny Cash. If you're into Austin music history, This place took over the mantle of Armadillo World Headquarters when the original Armadillo (which was in a big warehouse across the street) shut down around 1980. There are fantastic t-shirts to be had. So when you watch Austin City Limits and sing "I wanna go home with the Armadillo...", THIS is what you're singing about. Not an armored  squirrel in the middle of the road.
<review# 2795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2006,8/30/2006,22,57,,4,1>I never had brisket until about a year ago when I moved to Texas for 4 months. WOW.....ever since then I've been craving it so bad I'm seriously considering flying out to Austin, getting some Stubb's and flying back! My experience was excellent, the food  and service were amazing (the waiter was pretty hot too). I got to catch a few concerts at Stubb's as well and I love that tickets were cheap, the space was small and the talent was HUGE. Well done Stubb's, you are one of the few things I miss about Texas.
<review# 2796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2006,8/28/2006,3,12,,3,2>Vain is the best new salon in Austin!  The entire staff is extremely talented and professional, not to mention diverse.  I followed Buffy Thomas to Vain from her old salon, and I can't go out in public without getting at least one compliment about how great my hair is.  I highly recommend Buffy, however, any of the gifted and friendly stylists at Vain will do an amazing job at giving you exactly the style you want whether it's something innovative or more traditional.
<review# 2797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2006,8/26/2006,25,45,,3,1>Gotta love the bats.  Up to 1.5 million bats fly out from under the Congress Street Bridge every evening in the summer and eat a whole bunch of bugs.  Great viewing is available from a number of different locations (although don't stand too close, you don't want to get any guano on you!).  And don't worry, these are friendly bats.  They don't bite or go near people or anything.  A must see if you are in Austin.
<review# 2798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2006,8/19/2006,284,200,,2,2>I randomly chose to eat here today just because there was a parking spot downtown, and I lucked out. It's incredibly hard to get a seat at any place downtown around noon and I happened to get a seat at the counter. The Aztec/Mexican infused, hole-in-the-wall diner, with ink drawing of skeletons on the wall, is bustling with downtowners dressed in suits and students. There are also plenty of regulars, who all seem to be friends with the owner -- a pleasant, plaits-wearing woman who has been making the rounds while helping serve food for about 25 or 26 years. I was impressed with the owners efforts to see how everybody's doing. In the middle of my meal she noticed someone left their blackberry on the counter. While an older male customer approached some corporate-dressed men and asked if it was theirs, ignoring the women sitting next to him, she joked, " Well, it can't be you because you're young and a woman, so you're invisible," before pretending to give me the oh-so-expensive accessory. Touche!A friendly artist sitting next to me told me this place was featured on the cover of Austin's weekly newspaper, The Chronicle, because they started from nothing and have gained popularity in the past few years, despite threats of bigger, corporate businesses taking over the area. My new friend ordered Las Manitas' "decadent" mole enchiladas and I ordered echiladas with spinach and shrimp, a surprisingly tasty combination. The rice and beans that came with them were a little bland, but I was satisfied overall with the quick service and the affordable, just under $9 price.Plus, I could just be picky: some other guy ordered the same thing I had and told the owner, "I traveled all around Europe this summer and this is by far the best thing I've had to eat."
<review# 2799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2006,8/16/2006,24,69,1,,2>See... that's what's wrong with a town like Austin, everyone goes coo coo bananas over the BBQ joints and forgets that there are actually other places to eat.  Places with speedy, friendly service and a men's room that's located in a bizarre outdoor location that requires a solid ten minutes of instructions to find.  Now that's good hilarity.Over all Jaimes is not the pillar of civilization that you'd normally hope for in a Mexican restaurant deep in the heart of Texas, but if you're like me and not a fan of "eating meat" or "standing in line" then on a Saturday night in Music central, there ain't many places better than this bad boy.I'm sad I didn't take pictures, but I assumed that someone would have reviewed this joint by now.  Next time, yelpers, next time.Oh, right... the food.  Mediocre to Pretty good, standard Mexican fare, but made up for in location and cheap-a-tude.  If you're on the strip and you want Mexican, just go there.  Give your poor colon a break from greasy, greasy bbq meat.
<review# 2800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2006,8/15/2006,367,708,,2,2>Cork & Co. is a nice wine bar.   great to go with your friends for a fun and simple evening of conversation, wine and perhaps one of the tables games to make a lively evening.  the service was extremely nice and so willing to make our evening the best it could be.
<review# 2801,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2006,8/12/2006,19,128,6,2,3>Is this place still around ? I thought they changed names. Their foam parties are awesome though I remember I got very sick once 'cos I was all wet and it was a pretty cold November and I think I was sick for a week. I missed some exams, flunked 5 classes and ended my Sophmore year at UT with a 0.00 GPA all thanks to Paradox. This was also the first club I ever went to at the age of 17 using my friend who was 21's  Mexican passport to get in. Thanks Eitan wherever you are. I also had one of my friend in Ohios IDs confiscated by a bouncer after I let another friend use it. The guy in the ID was 5'9" and my friend who used it was 6'6" . Good job spotting the height Mr. Bouncer. Also the bouncer asked us for $100 to get the ID back. We responded by waiving our middle finger straight at him. Keep the ID Asshole we got others.
<review# 2802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2006,8/8/2006,60,80,,1,>Oh, Guero's...how do i love thee?  I may only make it out to Austin a few times a year, but when i do, I go to Guero's.  Go for happy hour with cheap fish tacos and if you're really hungry, stay for dinner:  the shrimp fajitas are to die for (and big enough for two to share!).  Guero's is also in one of my favorite Austin 'hoods, SoCo, with lots of drinking, eating and nightlife options just steps away!
<review# 2803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2006,7/28/2006,207,336,2,2,4>Can I get 2 shots of Jager?  That will be $6.  Each?  No, together.  Holy shit!  I love Texas!Fish swimming everywhere.  Suh-weet!
<review# 2804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2006,7/27/2006,1574,1166,1,1,>Reviewing a coffee shop in TX is kind of like reviewing a BBQ place in Seattle. Not fair.The coffee shop itself was spacious, seemed like a spot you could hunker down with your computer and latte to stay a while without feeling uncomfortable. The coffee itself was only ok. I got a soy latte and I would say that it was solidly average. They were out of muffins at like 10 in the morning which I thought was strange. But, what I thought was even weirder was the to-go cup they gave me. It was the kind that wasn't paper, or Styrofoam, but some hybrid of the two that kept making me want to scratch the sides of the cup.All in all it got me my coffee fix and that made my travel companion a happy guy indeed.
<review# 2805,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2006,7/14/2006,118,439,1,1,1>Great greasy burgers and french fries cut  with potato skins still on them, which I love.  This food is perfect for a hangover but hard to handle otherwise.  It is very greasy but tastes so good on the days you need it.  Biggest complaint - Dirty's is dirrrrty and the waitresses...bitchy.
<review# 2806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2006,7/4/2006,19,194,1,2,2>The younger, larger brother of the original store in Central Austin.What stands out here is the wine selection and very helpful staff, as well as the prepared seafood items. I also like how it's laid out a bit like IKEA (is that good? I think so), where you start at produce, go through seafood and meat, proceed through the wine section, etc. That way, I don't forget something I need.It can get congested on weekends, so shop during the week if you can. The attached cafe' is good if after all that shopping you are too tired to cook what you just bought.
<review# 2807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2006,6/17/2006,24,69,1,1,2>This place is a sanctuary for SXSW-goers like me who, in the middle of the day, aren't really looking for much more than a nice refreshing marg to get things fired up again.I've eaten here, but the food wasn't worth mentioning.  What is notable is the remarkably cool staff who you actually feel like talking to from the moment you come in.  Why this is interesting, is most people would walk past unless they were in the mood for an ordinary looking chain restaurant.  I don't believe that this is one, but with all the cool grit that is Austin you'll understand what I mean when you see it's neighbours.Also, they have a cool rooftop patio which is almost unheard of in the very central area that they call home.  If you're looking for a place to sit and have a break while you  hit the strip, this is the place for you.  Their selection of more than 50 tequila's can also make for some good conversation.  My friend Bjorn was more than amused with a drink, some free chips & salsa and the very friendly rotating staff that we found ourselves surrounded by the 5 times we found ourselves there.
<review# 2808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2005,5/5/2006,58,561,2,1,1>It looks like five municipal pools laid end to end, but the water is from a natural spring and as fresh as can be. Not to be missed: a uniquely Austin experience (plus, it's so damn hot here the cold, cold water is like manna from heaven).  Go in the back entrance where all the cool kids hang out on the hill.
<review# 2809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2006,4/18/2006,24,69,4,3,2>Being a bit of a "I like hot sauce, but not the kind that burns the living crap out of your mouth, causing your friends to spit beer out laughing at the face you're currently making" kind of guy, I need a lot of choice when it comes to what hot sauce to use.I'm the wimpy bald guy in the hot sauce "high fidelity" of life.  You may day-dream that I'd smash a guy in the face with a rotary phone before dropping an air conditioner on him to defend your honor, but really I'd just make a few wise-cracks about him behind his back and then awkwardly wander off to listen to Michael Frenti records with my headphones on.That said, this joint is rad.  Tons of sauces from around the world  that you can normally only find on the internet. So many in-fact that it would literally take you all day to sample each of them. And yes, I do know that for a fact.The prices are a bit high, but given all the assembling they've done for you, it's worth it. I'd recommend that you try some of the house brands while you're there.  The green 'cactus' sauce is great over eggs on a hungover Tuesday morning.  For the more adventurous there's a really hot "August In Austin" red sauce that some people seem to like.... people that aren't me.  I've got a bottle in my fridge that's been there for about 26 months. What?It's really hot. Shut up. You try it. Tough Guy.
<review# 2810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2005,3/5/2006,58,561,2,3,4>I totally forgot about this place! But just found an old receipt kicking around, and the memories came flooding back...A wonderful vintage store, with one of the funnest and most eclectic collections of stuff I've seen in a while. I bought some fabulously colored strappy stiletto sandals for $15 (they were actually my size!) and old VW logo barettes in the same place...I only wish I lived closer. Or maybe I don't.
<review# 2811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2005,2/15/2006,63,442,1,2,1>Known as the "Wurst" BBQ in Texas. Okay its a gimmic :-) The BBQ here is pretty good central texas bbq. Brisket is very moist. I'd say the rub here is about par not as great ast the Salt Lick but its very tasty. The rub and the sauce here are more spicey than sweet. I normally go here for the breakfast tacos and on occasional nights to pick up some BBQ togo. You order bbq by the pound. I normally order the extra moist and the st louis bbq pork ribs with a side of Cole Slaw. The Slaw here is the sweet type not the sour type. As in most Texas BBQ places - sauce is optional and is on the side and you get bread with your BBQ.
<review# 2812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2006,2/7/2006,394,1232,,3,2>This place is awesome.  Brilliant idea: a movie theater where they serve you delicious food and cold beer while showing pop and cult classics.  This is the original in a now burgeoning chain, and plays host to the Spike and Mike's Cartoon Film Festival every year (sometimes Spike and/or Mike actually show up to MC too!!).
<review# 2813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2005,2/6/2006,110,135,1,,2>Wow, What a concept!  Food, beer, movies.Duh, that's awesome.
<review# 2814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2005,12/9/2005,394,1232,3,5,4>The owners here are so confident of the quality and popularity of their barbeque, that they have proudly dubbed themselves "the worst bar-b-q in Texas!" They use an oak-burning fire pit to slow cook their meats which are succulent, tender and flavorful.  The food here is the real deal. The place is a combination gas station-convenience store-restaurant, so you can get a lot done in one stop.  Ordering is done mass-production style and is quite entertaining as you stand in a cafeteria style rope line. When you get up to the front counter, you order by weight. In other words, 6 ounces of brisket, a pound of pork loin, a half rack of ribs and three pints of beans, for example.  They serve it with sliced white bread on white butcher paper. Then you take your butcher paper piled with a mound of beef and white bread outside and trough feed at communal picnic tables with jugs of their famous "sause" spread around.  They also have awesome breakfast tacos for about a buck each. Its a darn good time and some tasty vittles.
<review# 2815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2005,11/17/2005,63,442,4,1,>Eastside Cafe grows its own vegtables - many of which are used in their dishes. So the food is very fresh tasting. Popular - especially with those from the west side of the tracks -  Very entertaining - a lady (obviously from the westside)  next to us was talking very loudly about the country of "South America" and how man started off in the forest- very deep - savanah/forest does it matter? Did you also know prohibition was during the great depression - i thought it was repealed during this time.. the 20s and 30s they obviously happened too far back for anyone to care ? many laughs.
<review# 2816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2005,11/4/2005,110,135,1,3,3>The best Glazed and/or cake donuts in the industry. The owner is Hindi and prays over the apple fritters. They use veg oil instead of lard like most joints so the donuts don't taste rancid like most of the larger chains.  At 3 - 4 am they are made non-stop and for years the kids show up after the club to get some of those hot babies in their bellies!  worth the trip.  I once saw a band called the African Zombies play there, in store!
<review# 2817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2005,10/14/2005,63,442,4,6,3>Hippie Hollow is the only clothing optional public park in the state. So its no suprise its in Travis County. This site is popular for nude sunbathers and gawkers - last year a boat capsized as onlookers where looking at the park from nerby lake travis. As nude beaches, parks go - you're going to have to walk on cliffs and paths to get here - but the website does say ADA accessible. Home to first and last splash - sponsored by the austin tavern guild - free beer on the beer barge. First splash is in the late spring and last splash is arround labor day. A circuit party also happens during the weekend of  last splash as well. Keep in mind that central texas in the summer has temps normally in the upper 90s to lower 100s - bring lots of water.
