<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/24/2014,54,30,1,6,3>THE BEST ASIAN FOOD I'VE HAD IN THE SOUTH. And great and friendly, attentive service to top it off. It's one of those restaurants where you get the distinct feeling they're grateful that you're their customer and they treat you that way. Black pepper beef tenderloin and the Chicken Eggplant in a Hot Pot are extraordinary. I plan to become a regular at this restaurant. Thanks to my friend Yan for the introduction.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/23/2014,109,165,3,5,3>This location of the Francesca's Collections is just better than the Summit location, which I reviewed a couple years ago. The store is a bit smaller, but the parking is generous and spacious. Trussville's location seems to have as much merchandise as the Summit store. The sales associates are very friendly and unassuming. There seems to be less traffic, but that may change during the holidays. This branch is still relatively new - a very shopper-friendly location!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/22/2014,8,6,3,4,3>I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  So refreshing to have something different in Shelby County!  The plantains were cooked perfectly and I loved the jerk chicken sauce.  The environment is contemporary and if you come on the weekends the live bands add the perfect touch.  The meals are not very expensive and you get several different things to choose from.. in other words if someone in your party doesn't want Caribbean food there is other main stream meals to choose from.  My fave's are of course plantains,  greens, jerk chicken wings and last but not least the sweet potatoes!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2014,11/21/2014,0,47,3,3,3>So fresh and so tasty. I only had tacos, but the side of chips was so good they didn't even need salsa. However the salsa is perfect and tasted like it was made daily like the chips. The tacos were perfect too. We will be back if we're down this way again. Atmosphere was very casual and friendly.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2014,11/20/2014,59,37,2,2,2>This is a top notch Haunted House and I was impressed all around.  First off there is plenty to do before you even go into either of the two haunts. The night I went there was a DJ, several food vendors,  zombie paintball,  and horror movie area.  I loved watching the characters interact with the crowd outside and they were very nice to even pose for pictures.I don't want to give to much away,  but the 3D haunt was by far my favorite.  The rotating room was worth the price of admission just by itself.  Here is why I recommend this place: 1. Lots of real live actors (I counted over 80). 2. Great special effects;  both lighting and physical.  3. Don't have to go to a bad part of town; with the some of the other haunts the scariest part is what will happen in the walk to and from your car.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2014,11/19/2014,69,25,5,6,5>Held together by staples, tar, and sin, The Nick is still a Birmingham classic. I don't go as much as I used to but I'm still glad it's there. The shows still start too late but damn if that PA still doesn't sound great. And, if you're a band, you'll find The Nick has excellent on-stage sound -- so even if you'll playing to a bunch of inebriated ne'er do well's (and why wouldn't you be?) it'll still sound like your best show ever... And maybe it was. Nighthawks take note: The NIck stays open well into the wee-hours of the morning most nights and doesn't even bother to close on the weekends. Party.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2014,11/18/2014,9,6,4,7,6>Can you be a Southerner and not appreciate a good burger? I certainly hope not. Flip Burger takes the classic meal and, as the name suggests, flips it on its head. Instead of a beef patty, one might get a lamb, bison, or chicken patty with all manner of boutique jams, jellies, and sauces. Owner and head chef Richard Blais takes creativity to the next level with the burgers, salads, and creative side dishes and I've never had a meal that I didn't love. The Butcher's Cut is probably my favorite with beef, crumbled bleu cheese, caramelized onions, soy truffle vinaigrette, frisée, pickled shallots, and red wine jam. The milkshakes and cocktails are just as ingenious, usually being finished off with a smoky blast of CO2 that creates a one-of-a-kind experience. As should be expected, prices are a tad higher than a normal burger joint, but you get what you pay for and Flip delivers every time.The high ceilings covered in modern art and funky music make the restaurant a fun place to dine. The service has usually been great for us, although there have been a few times when side items were forgotten or food took longer than average. Honestly, the food makes up for any small errors in service. The place is fun, delicious, and can actually get me to drive into the traffic nightmare of the Summit. A must-visit if you're from out of town especially!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2014,11/17/2014,44,54,5,4,6>Thrilled to discover this wonderful hidden gem!  We've been desperate for even average Thai in the Ham for a long time now, held prisoner to Surin with no other options.  But Surin's snobby waiters, overpriced bland uninspired food can finally kiss my lemongrass!  Enough about that, let me tell you how much we enjoyed Nori from the moment we walked in the door and were greeted by two super friendly dudes.  The green color looked bad in photos but in person I was surprised to like it.  The place is immaculate and has a very pleasant energy and positive vibe.  Nice music, very comfy booth seats, modern yet warm feel.  Woooonderful service with waiter who even brought sample of coconut soup!  Which btw is very good!  Nice creamy flavor without being fatty, and if you like spicy as I do, they'll bring you the usual chili stuffs to add.  Very generous tofu in mine, also avail w/chicken which my bf enjoyed.  Not my favorite kha gai but still comforting and yummy.Chicken panang was so delicious that my Pad Thai lovin boyfriend stole my plate after eating half of his!  Rich, creamy, perfectly seasoned and seriously the best panang I have ever enjoyed!  And we are very fortunate to dine all over the country!  I highly recommend!  Pad Thai usually makes me wary...it's a common dish so often disappointing. Not at Nori!  Omg it was also amazing!  Perfect balance of savory, hit of sweet, awesomely spiced, man it was so good I could eat it for bfast right now, lol!And the sushi!!!! Holy cow it felt like we hit the jackpot on everything we ordered!  Must try the Blazer roll!  Shrimp Tempura with cream cheese, avo and spicy mango sauce...plate was nicely garnished with a few swirls of fresh red beets and bits of strawberries.  It was so freaking delicious!!! I love this place, from the waiters to the food to the clean and fresh decor.  You can tell the chef actually enjoys cooking and cares about what is coming out of the kitchen.  Dishes are seasoned so nicely and thoughtfully.  Portions are modest but flavor is huge and you will leave perfectly satisfied!  Can't wait to return for the $6.95 lunch specials and to explore more of the menu.  Will I ever be able to tear myself away from the Blazer roll, pad Thai and panang?!  Lol Half the price of Surin and more than twice as nice, B'ham FINALLY has a great Thai & sushi spot!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,11/16/2014,16,94,2,2,2>Excellent food, location, setting, service. Pizza was an ok deal for a nicer restaurant and it was very tasty, amazing crust and combination of cheeses. The classy brick oven in the kitchen really gives it a nice flavor. Tried one drink, and for me I've had better for the price.Gnocchi was practically flawless, I mean has to be one of my favorite Italian dishes of all time. However, for the price, I feel like I got the shaft. I would expect a much larger portion for what I paid.If not for the price, I could consider it 5 star. To sum it up, excellent food, but be ready to walk out either hungry or broke. But oh that gnocchi.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2014,11/15/2014,5,17,3,3,4>As soon as I saw the bacon flight on the menu I knew I would love this place. The only reason that they got 4 stars instead of 5 is because they didn't have a spicy bacon option (ex. big bad breakfast spicy bacon.) They said they were working on it so if that happens then I'll update to a 5!I was too excited about the bacon to order anything else but my boyfriend got the smoked chicken salad sandwich and said it was fantastic. I think they butter and lightly toast the bread so he really appreciated the attention to detail.The atmosphere is great, I would say its perfect for groups, a casual date night, or lunch. We will def be back with some friends and get all 4 flights (Bacon, cheese, beer & wine)
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,11/14/2014,32,82,5,4,7>Best gas station in Birmingham. That is, if you love beer!!Don't believe me? Browse through the photos and then find me a better one. I dare you!This gas station, located on HWY 11 towards Trussville, has it all. It's better than any other for two primary reasons: the most helpful staff and the best beer selection.First, the staff is more kind and helpful than any other gas station I have ever been to. The wonderful lady's behind the counter give great customer service. For example, I saw one of the attendance help an older gentlemen get a Icee or something similar and helped him figure out what size to get etc. She really went out of her way. In another example, every time I have needed something, I get help regardless of how busy they are. Raceway always keeps employees on staff to provide great service. Next, this gas station has the most amazing beer selection. They have beer on tap!!! Yes, I said it... Beer on tap in a gas station. As a matter of fact, today I counted 62 beers. Yes, 62 beers on tap in a freakin gas station. They have all the local favorites, and some really great seasonals. The "beer guy" rotates the stock based on what everybody is drinking. He is very knowledgable and helpful in beer selection. They also have plenty of beer on the shelve and in the cooler. In summary, the Raceway near Trussville on HWY 11 is the best gas station I have ever been to. Not only do they provide ultimate customer service, they have the best beer selection on this side of town; definitely the best in a gas station in the Ham. Next time you find yourself in my "territory" check out Raceway, the best "beer station" around.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2014,11/13/2014,89,327,1,4,4>Gas station drive thruWe've ordered boneless wings from here a few times. They have several flavors for the Wings. We've tried Hot, Fultondale Fire, and Cajun Ranch. All delicious.Fultondale Fire offered enough heat for us without being unbearable. But we are heat lovers. It was fairly hot to my in-laws.Cajun Ranch is really good, creamy sauce with just enough seasoning.Chunks of chicken are hearty, not overfried, good crust. I've actually liked these better than Buffalo Wild Wings.Very nice family running this business as well.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,11/12/2014,4,15,1,2,3>This place has really good Chinese food for cheap! Their fried rice is good and not dry like other places can be. The General Tso's is super good and actually has some kick to it. My husband loves the chicken lo mien. They have good crab ragoons and fried donuts, too. Take out is easy to order and ready in 10 mins! Definitely the best Chinese take out in town.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/11/2014,4,52,2,3,3>I love konomi! I usually sit at a table near the sushi bar because  I'm not a fan of the show. It takes away from the conversation. Also, I usually go around lunch, and their bento boxes are the best! You get a lot of food for the money. I also love their super crunch roll. My only complaint is that sometimes you have to wait a while.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/10/2014,15,36,4,3,5>Jim and nicks is a staple of mine. I love the smoked chicken plate with the Morgan white BBQ Sauce. YUM YUM!!! Nick always hires the best people to work for him so you will always get great service and great food there. Try their veggies out for lunch! They do more than BBQ~!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/9/2014,36,80,5,5,4>Lots of negative reviews based on "Service". Well that sucks!I've never had such an encounter. Interact every so often with VERY pleasant staff in the dining area (gotta get a Nathan's and that good Sam's pizza)! This location has more free sample offerings than I'm used to. Any day of the week, I'm gonna get at least 2 samples of something lol. They also have the machine that let's you scan your membership card and it provides you with a free sample of something (both times I've used, it's been some laundry-related product).Outside of that, I'm never getting 30 bulk items at once so I always hit the self check-out lines. How convenient is that for a Sam's.. right!?Along with the pros listed above, It's never been dirty, I've never been treated wrongly etc... so 5 stars it is!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,11/8/2014,37,133,4,6,5>Arriving at longhorns and being greeted by a cheerful team felt amazing. I always like when host and hostess are happy to see you whether your meal is on the house or not. It makes me feel as if my business is appreciated. Shortly after being seated, our servers introduced themselves and offered us an array of beverages. Throughout the night I ordered an Arnold Palmer, Montana's Mule(very good!!), glass of Malbec and water.  Note to self: bypass the bread on ALL four course meals--it becomes a filler and one's stomach can only take so much.For the 1st course we had an opportunity to munch on four delicious appetizers: wild west shrimp, spicy chicken bites, housemade kettle chips and sweet corn fritters. By far, I would order the shrimp and the chicken bites again. Both had a nice kick to em. If I were at the bar for drinks, I'd order the kettle chips....everyone likes a good kettle chip. They were so yummy, unlike other greasy chip options. Each appetizer option came with one or two sauces of your choosing.The 2nd course I tried my first grilled watermelon wedge salad. It was pretty good. I like kale, but not sure I like it in salad. The watermelon was different with the balsamic glaze. It was nice to try something different, but I was thought it would be more refreshing.The star of the show....3rd course was amazing! I ordered Flo's 6oz filet accompanied by a semi-loaded baked potato. This was yet again another first....filet. Now I see what the fuss is about. It was a tender cut of steak, one that melted in my mouth. I would've liked a 8 oz, though I know filet's tend to be smaller cuts of steak. Nonetheless, it was seasoned/cooked to perfection- no sauce necessary! Since the filet was so small, the plated presentation was lacking a bit...good thing the appeal of the plate didn't change the taste of the steak. For the potato, since I don't eat bacon, it was semi- loaded- chives would be a nice touch for non bacon lovers. As if we hadn't already overeaten, to my surprise the 4th course and grand finale arrived at the table in large proportions. I reached my limit long before the thought of dessert. A giant stampede and fresh handmade tart came to the table and interestingly enough was not as sweet as they looked. Which was a compliment considering what we had just eaten. I had a small amount of each just to try them versus making myself sick :/All in all, giant thanks to Longhorn for rolling out the red carpet for us yelpers. I appreciate the opportunity to dine with you and look forward to seeing you soon.  Happy-stuffed eats.  *sorry, no pics, but the ones posted are more than accurate.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/7/2014,18,54,2,6,7>This is a bad review with a happy ending.Me and a friend were next door to Saw's Soul Kitchen have a brew and wanted to get some food. It was later and not that busy, around 7pm. I placed my order, BBQ Chicken Sandwich white BBQ sauce and sweet potato fries. My friend got the Pork and Greens which was cheese grits, greens, pulled pork and onion rings on top.After placing our order we sat, listened to some great blues they had on the radio. But then something happened. People would come in order food, get their food and either leave or eat their food and leave. All the while we sat and waited. After about 25 minutes my friend was going bonkers about why we have not gotten our food but the last 8-10 people who had ordered before us had and some had left.I walked up to the register and the lady looked at me as if "why are you still here, you should have gotten your food a half hour ago" then she was shocked. The manager came up from the back and was shocked too, they both apologized many many times and got our order out to us right away. The manager said, "You are not paying for these meals, and handed us our money as well as our meals"This is great customer service on what was a true mixup on their part.my sandwich was awesome, fries were think and crispy. my buddies meal was great, he said it would have been better half an hour early but all the same great.I will be back.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,11/6/2014,42,38,1,7,3>If you're looking for a frozen treat, this is the place to go in Birmingham. I've been a huge fan of this place since their grand opening. You're not buying into the hype? Let me help.This is the original location (there are now three in Birmingham and other locations elsewhere in the state and I believe they are franchising in Texas). The idea here is simple. Gourmet popsicles made with organic fruit and organic cane sugar. This is not cheap, off brand popsicles that you can find in the frozen food aisle at the grocery store. This is the real deal. I've heard people complain about the three dollar price tag on these pops. My take is that you're going to spend just as much if not more on any almost frozen treat in town except for cheap soft serve.If you can get over the price you will not be able to get over the insanely amazing taste of their fruit or creamy pops. I've tried just about every flavor here and I've not been disappointed. They have classic staples such as chocolate or watermelon and off the wall flavors such as pineapple jalapeño, cherry sour cream, and blueberry basil. The menu is always changing so if you drop by any time of the year you will find something new and intriguing to enjoy. In conclusion, don't miss out on these great flavors and dessert vibes.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2014,11/5/2014,65,139,,6,4>So the wife and I decided to give FIVE our first try this weekend for the Sunday Jazz Brunch, and we enjoyed it quite a bit.  Our wait time (approx. 40 mins) wasn't unbearable or unreasonable considering how incredibly popular the spot is for the brunch, the atmosphere was very casual and the Sunday crowd (what you might come to expect in Lakeview) made it even more so, and the staff were phenomenal and attentive.  (BIG shout-out and kudos to Jordan, the petite hostess that did a hundred miles an hour from the time we showed up through the time we left [crazy-impressive hard worker], and to Corey B., our great, laid-back server that treated every table like it was the only table he had - nice work to both of you, it didn't go unnoticed.)  The food was good here, but nothing that really stood out IMHO.  We tried the Caramel Apple Beignets as an appetizer and Chicken & Waffles for the entree, although I wouldn't try to compare the beignets here to, say, the ones at Cafe Du Monde in NOLA - very different in texture and flavor.  (Du Monde's is much lighter/less dense than FIVE's offering; but FIVE's caramel apple sauce really helped the beignets flavor.)  The chicken in the Chicken & Waffles was cooked well w/ a very flavorful, traditionally Southern crispy skin, the waffles were beautifully-browned, and a delicious light syrup accompanied them both.  I probably would've preferred a bit more syrup (it comes in a cute, mini mason jar) to evenly coat the waffle and lightly coat parts of the chicken, but that might be my sweet tooth talking, so don't put too much stock into that comment. :)  The OJ - it truly tasted freshly-squeezed and was a refreshing addition to the entire meal; I'd imagine a mimosa would contribute quite a bit to the meal as well. All in all though, I didn't leave anticipating a next visit or the next time I could enjoy the same meal, despite how full I was at the time; and for me, that's usually a tell-tale sign of how great the food really is.I think the chances of us revisiting FIVE eventually are decent, to give a few of the other offerings a try at some point.  I can't say I was as moved as some by the food at FIVE so far (judging from other reviews) but the great service and unique take on some of the dishes definitely makes me more likely to give it another shot. * Don't mind the 3-star rating - I'd give it 3-1/2 if possible. *
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/4/2014,90,70,3,5,6>Highland package has been my go to for draft beer for quite some time. They have a large selection that they run specials on and change out frequently. You can buy kegs from them as well if you're having a party, etc. In addition to draft beer, they have a large bottled and canned beer selection. It's not so much organized by type, but it's fun to wander around and pick one out. Oh, and if you have something you want but don't see it there, they're good about trying to get it for you. Their liquor and wine selection is decent. A little pricier than some liquor stores, but they're really helpful if you're not quite sure what you need. Up front, they have some non-alcoholic beverages and food items like chips. Overall, I really love this place (and love that they're open on Sundays). The guys that run it are very friendly and super helpful, and I'm willing to pay a little more for that.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,11/3/2014,49,40,1,8,6>Hands down my favorite spot for tattoos.  My wife and I have both had work done by 2 out of the 3 artist working here. I can't imagine trusting my ink to anyone else.  I think the best color work in the southeast.  I wouldn't begin to hesitate sending anyone there.  No heavy handed puffy work here.  True artist and slaves to their craft.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/2/2014,31,141,3,6,3>After attempting to eat at Taco Mama several times but being intimidated by the crowds and lack of tables to actually dine at, I finally got to eat here! Apparently Monday nights aren't crazy busy. Just a note!Definitely recommend the queso with chorizo to start. Not sure what it is, but the chips seem to be sprinkled with something a little extra that makes them even more delicious than your average fried chip. For my meal, I choose to build my own burrito bowl. If you want leftovers (and you do!), go for this option - there was more than enough for two meals.My husband seemed impressed with his Alabama Redneck taco basket, and my dining companions loved the Hippie Fisherman burrito they shared. My friend and I decided to do a little experiment since we were the ones who ordered: we ordered a pitcher of the 'skinny' margarita to see if the others would notice. Our husbands could not tell the difference and were shocked the margaritas they had been drinking were 'skinny' ones.Service was excellent, but it sure does get crowded! Just come a little early, grab a table outside, and people watch in the village until you get hungry.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/1/2014,203,99,5,10,8>Overall, the Yelp Bottletree: 5 Star Karaoke Party was another great event hosted by Will, Aimee, and the rest of the Yelp crew! The ambiance, awesome Good People beer (IPA & Pale Ale), food (vegetarian fare), fun antics, music, and karaoke was lots of fun! I enjoyed chatting with many of the familiar and new faces of the Birmingham Yelp community! In addition, there were lots of interesting and cool people who stopped in for the event. Heck, I think I even found a new yoga instructor (the lovely Ms. Allie of Birmingham Yoga) as a result of meeting some new local people. It was an eclectic mix of mingling with people, enjoying local brews from Good People Brewing, eating delicious food from Bottletree (hummus with warm pita bread, vegetarian Viking funeral dish with sweet potatoes, vegan chilli, and pimento cheese), the amazing backdrop of Bottletree's understated cool vibe, Monday night $1 wells, and entertaining karaoke singing! Thanks for all of your hard work Will, Aimee, and the rest of the Yelp staffers! Each of you are such gracious hosts and local business advocates. You should definitely stop by Bottletree for a local concert or event if you have not because it is always a good time :)
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,10/31/2014,19,42,4,4,4>Best BBQ in town.  hands down.3 locations:Homewood (original) - awesome lunch spot but since it's small it gets crowded fast and people hover over you.Avondale - even smaller than homewood.Crestline - best set up of them all but surprise, it's super crowded.  expect a 1.5hr wait at any point in the day. also, really terribly slow service.  park on the street.all of this is worth it.  i promise.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/30/2014,12,20,2,4,3>For this review, I'm comparing Cantina Laredo to Americanized Mexican restaurants and to upscale chain restaurants. Because we all know this ain't Gordo's.Anyway, Cantina Laredo stuns on both counts. It's beautiful, it's spacious, it has a massive rooftop bar right under the Jumbotron. This week they'll air the first 'Bama game, but I wouldn't care if they were airing peewee hockey, I just want to go before word gets out about their sweet set-up.I went for lunch today, and it was my first visit. They bring two kinds of salsa to start; one is served warm, and it's out of this world! We also got the tableside guac, which is fun and a good show. The chips are too thin to manage the guacamole, but the flavor was great. My entrée was the molé chicken enchilada, and the lunch portion was just the right amount after chips and dips: one enchilada with a side of rice and grilled zucchini. The molé sauce was thick and rich, and the rice was just perfect. Even my unsweet tea was extra-refreshing. My only small complaint was with the zucchini, which wasn't the perfect complement to my Mexican lunch. Still, I'm always glad to get a fresh vegetable with my meal.The service was top-notch from all parties, with multiple managers stopping by to make sure our meal was delicious or invite us to check out the party deck. All-in-all, the experience was very resort-like. You'll appreciate the break in your work day, though you'll realize you're in the wrong business. They're going to be printing money come football season.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/29/2014,17,12,1,7,5>What a welcome addition to the neighborhood! We used to venture to the Pepper Place Farmer's Market every Saturday for these same veggies, now I can walk to this market every day if I want. We love the owners and the delicious, healthy produce offered. I really hope they are successful in their new location. I know we'll do our part.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,10/28/2014,3,24,4,4,5>Amazing food. Amazing service. Great atmosphere. Perfect fall day today with the "windows" open. The lamb sliders with chimmichuri were amaze. I love the vino verhde and the carnadas portas with house made pickles were delish. I want to try everything on the menu. It is a great place to go with friends and order a bunch of items on the menu to share them all. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2014,10/27/2014,4,30,1,5,6>Restauranteur David Kahn has done it again! Found a recipe for success and meeting a niche need in the Birmingham market; quality pizza made to order and cooked quick..120 seconds! Get it? Pizza 120.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/26/2014,36,269,4,4,4>Love when new restaurants/bars hit the Lakeview area, as it's walking distance from my place of work. The name alone for Jack Brown's had me hooked--beer & burger joint? I'm in, automatic. My first visit was on a Monday, so I tried the Monday special--chile verde burger with roasted jalepenos and pepperjack cheese. The burger was great--meat was tender and flavorful, and passed my burger test--no condiments needed. The cheese and peppers added great flavor and a tiny kick. The crinkle-cut fries were on point as well, and the sauce...so good I wanted to ask for few extra cups of it to-go! Looking forward to coming back after work hours so I can enjoy the beer list, which looked impressive.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/25/2014,80,194,5,8,6>This was by far the best cell phone store I've been to. The way the AT&T staff makes you feel at ease with all the amazing technology offered rather than trying to aggressively sell you something is a breathe of fresh air. The AT&T Home area was definitely my favorite with it's home automation techniques.Really glad AT&T opened their doors for us to show this great store off.As always our community manager pulled off a great event and the added bonus of Green Central Station food and Good People Brews was just icing on an already great cake.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/24/2014,40,14,3,3,5>I love Rojo. My boyfriend and I go here ALL the time. The atmosphere is great, its a cool, casual, neighborhood place that has everything. Burgers, nachos, mozz sticks, chicken tenders, burritos...what more could you ask for? The desserts here are to die for also. I recently had the pleasure of inhaling a molten chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. It may be my new favorite thing to eat..ever. This place is great.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,10/23/2014,2,7,2,3,2>Started using Capelli Salon after noticing someone's awesome hair cut and color and have been very pleased. Natali is fantastic at knowing what color I'm looking for as well as what cut without me even really knowing what I want. Staff is incredibly friendly and the atmosphere is also great. Would definitely recommend!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,10/22/2014,9,15,4,3,3>i wasn't too sure about a sushi place in a strip mall next to a title loan company, but i was pleasantly surprised.  prices weren't bad and the food was great.  we ordered several rolls and 2 entrees and all of it was very good.  large portions on the entrees, so there was some left over for the next day's lunch.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,10/21/2014,9,15,4,4,5>My husband and I absolutely LOVE this place! We've been there four times in the last week! The veggie Benedict is awesome and the Belgian waffles are TO DIE FOR!!! Grady (the manager) comes by our table every time to say hey and makes sure everything is great! He even gave us coupons to use the first time we came in! A word of caution: if you go in on the weekends be prepared to wait for your food! They make everything to order, so it takes a bit..about an hour and a half from start to finish...but it's SO WORTH IT!! Ask for Kenya if you get a chance! She is awesome!!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,10/20/2014,31,56,2,3,5>A welcome addition to the other great pizza places in Bham.  This place mainly serves your classic pizzas but does it very fresh and tasty.  The great selection of Avondale brews and side items like salads and meatballs make it worth the drive from the suburbs.  I will be back here again and again.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,10/19/2014,19,26,4,5,5>I would give five stars but for a few service related issues that I don't usually have when dining here. When we arrived around 8:00 pm, the hostess informed us that it would be an hour wait for a table. The wait was fine with us because we enjoy sitting at the bar, people watching and seeing all the cocktails being made behind the bar.  We were lucky to snag two seats at the bar because the bar started filling up quickly after we sat down. I ordered a classic daiquiri that would have made Hemmingway proud -- simple perfection of just fresh lime, rum and sweetener.  We perused the menu while we waited and decided to get something to snack on while we waited, but we had trouble getting the bartenders' attention so we never ordered anything :( Exactly an hour later, the hostess informed us that our table was almost ready and that she would have the bartenders close us out at the bar. This was a nice touch because most of the time at other restaurants you have to leave someone at the bar to close out the tab.  Side note: to the lady that kept pushing her bar stool into me and elbowing me that was sitting to my right at the bar, I give your manners zero stars. Our waiter was less-than loquacious.  He never smiled and he just seemed sad. I wanted to give him a hug and tell him everything would be okay.  I had to ask him what the fish and soup of the day was and he did not inform us that they had run out of the muscles.  Only when my hubby ordered the muscles did we learn this devastating news. The muscles here come in this crazy good broth that I could just slurp from the bowl. We looked jealously at the table of four next to us that had four servings of muscles. Damn them!  They had an embarrassment of muscle-riches and we had none. I was not angry that they ran out because I know that they get limited fresh deliveries, but it would have been nice to have been informed as much by the waiter.  I ended up ordering soup to start and the simple fish (grouper). My husband had the croque madam. I will be dreaming about that soup all week. It was a summer veggie soup with a pesto drizzle on top.  The veggies were super fresh tasting.  I'm kind of obsessed with soup so this was a highlight of the meal for me. The plan was to split it with my husband but I quickly lapped up most of the soup.  How do you make simple fish and green beans decadent? Cook it in beurre blanc sauce. My fish was so dang fresh and that sauce is positively sinful. When you order the daily fish, there is a choice of three preparations. I declare the beurre blanc to be the best. Don't even waste your time with the other two.  My hubby's sandwhich was as expected - ham, cheese and a fried egg. I think he was a bit disappointed but how revolutionary can you get with a grill cheese? Half way through dinner my water glass and wine glass were empty and our sad heart-broken waiter never stopped by to refill or to ask if I wanted another glass (hint: I did). By the time I had eaten every bite on my plate and licked all the sauce off my plate (kidding ... sort of), he finally stopped by and refilled my water and asked if I wanted another glass of wine. My favorite dessert of all time is served here - the coconut cake. I don't even really like coconut but this cake is the bomb dot com.  I was so full that I almost said, "no dessert for me, thanks." But my husband insisted we order a slice. One slice is enough to feed the Duggar family so consider splitting it with a friend, or eight. This isn't a dainty southern coconut cake. It is rich and heavy. Try it and your view of coconut will change forever. We finally got our sad waiter to smile by making a lame joke at the end of the night. I hope he has cheered up today.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/18/2014,16,152,5,6,4>Pappadeaux Birmingham is opening soon (end of September or first of October), and I can't wait!I've been a huge fan of the Pappa's restaurants since the 80's when I was living in Houston. I remember the Pappa's seafood restaurant on Highway 59, the Pappasitos on Richmond Avenue, and the first Pappadeaux on Westheimer. I have always been impressed with how they maintain consistency and high quality in such large restaurants.Pappadeaux is one of my favorite places for several reasons (but I could also say this about the other Pappa brands). First, they offer a wide variety of dishes, and pair food nicely. For example, the Redfish Pontchartrain is a grilled redfish filet that is topped with shrimp and crab meat. It is served with a side of dirty rice. Great service: I'm sure I've had poor service, but I mainly remember attentive staff that is efficient and willing to serve. The staff always seems more motivated than the servers at similar places. Finally, I think the dining experience is a very good value.  Pappadeaux is not the least expensive dinner, but the portion sizes are good and the food is delicious.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/17/2014,837,503,5,6,5>Another OUTSTANDING Success by our amazing CM Will! This was a great time with buffet food (I love it when I get to sample a lot of different menu items!), a great atmosphere (outside seating with perfect weather) and the good company of Yelpers.Thanks go out to the staff of Zoe's for being wonderful hosts!!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/16/2014,48,43,4,4,7>As someone who doesn't really fish or hunt I thought I would not like this place.  I was wrong.  I could spend a few hours playing the shooting game, grab some fresh made fudge from the sweets area,  and check out the camping cooking gear.  Really great selection of anything you could ever need for the outdoors. Boy scout merit badge classes are offered.  My friend I was with even renewed his fishing license while there!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/15/2014,22,229,4,4,5>For places like this, I wished Yelp had a 6 star rate!Went there with a new B'ham resident that naively thinks that you can move yourself around town by bike, and that was looking for a cheap used bike.First of all, they got some seriously super cool bikes there. I'm not an expert, but you can easily tell when something is good for real (or at least I can!! ...joke)The whole story:I took a look around and among the worst looking bikes the lowest priced was $80. Then I assumed we were not going to find anything cheaper than that.In the bunch, there was a very cool bike that was in a great shape and had also front and back shocks! The bike didn't have the price tag, I assumed it was above $200, but I still wanted to ask for the price. The guy at the shop quickly understood that my friend didn't want (have the possibility) to spend much on the bike, so he told us that he didn't remember the price, that he had to make a call for it, and that in the meanwhile we could test the bike.We tried the bike, it was working great, the guy came back to us, asked if we liked the bike, when my friend said "sure I love it, but I'm looking for something cheap" the guy said... "well, you can have it for 40 bucks!"I was shocked!!!That bike is definitively a hundred dollars bike!What happened?? Simple, here they don't just sell bikes, they provide you with your bike!Here is the wrap up story:Need a bike? Go check out this store, please!Sometime it happens that nice people run a business with the idea of providing a good service for the community, and not only for their personal good, and that's really the case here!Redemptive cycles, your awesome!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/14/2014,1,22,5,6,5>I'm slowly adding healthier foods to my diet and Earth Fare has made it easier than I thought.  First of all, the meat the tastes delicious!  I had become accustomed to the bland, over processed food that most grocers sell.  There really is a big difference when all the antibiotics and chemicals are left out.  I enjoy the chicken and ground beef so much.  I also like chatting with the butcher.  He will add spices to your meat if you ask!The staff is extremely helpful and the samples are great as well.  I"m now addicted to Tulsi tea, which calms me The prices are pretty comparable to other grocery stores but it's worth the tiny bit extra to know you are treating your body better.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/13/2014,13,36,5,3,4>Everything here is quality. Yes it's more expensive than a fast food biscuit... it should be. The green tea latte with goat's milk was good. Really grassy which I liked.The goat cheese, pecan and honey biscuit was delicious....so yeah I guess I really like goat stuff, and this place
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,10/12/2014,6,15,3,3,4>I went here for Sunday brunch, and it was so enjoyable! The complementary cornbread was phenomenal, and I ordered the chicken biscuits with cheesy grits for my meal. The portion was massive, and the chicken was spicy but had a honey flavor as well. With your Sunday church bulletin you get a free dessert. I got the chocolate bread pudding and it was divine. Great service, very attentive. No bad things to say about this place!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/11/2014,44,240,4,4,5>What a beauty!  I am ashamed of myself for not returning to here in such a long time.  I can just imagine all of the history and big productions that have taken place here.  All of the decor is spot on, and I need to come here more often for concerts/movies.  The organ singalongs for movies are pretty fun.  I am very proud and glad this gem is in Birmingham.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,10/10/2014,7,96,4,7,3>It's really hard to believe, but Birmingham has some incredible natural areas within a matter of minutes of the city center. We decided to go the Red Mountain Park for the heck of it, and found a great oasis. 1200 acres of peaceful wooded hills. There is no water fountain and no bathrooms. So take care of biz before you set out. Just saying. Only quibble? The trails aren't as well marked as I would have hoped.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/9/2014,6,65,3,4,6>Why a 5 you ask? Because I continue to choose to go back over and over. And over and over its solid consistent been around forever yummy recipes. Me: fried chicken, fried green toms, squash, collards. Yummmyyyyyy don't forget the remoulade it's delish. My I also commend the server who is prompt friendly and an overall asset to your establishment. See you soon!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/8/2014,25,26,3,5,4>The first time I ate at Moe's in Trussville was shortly after their Grand opening. To be honest, the experience left me unimpressed. The food was lacking in flavor and the Bar-B-Q was poorly cooked. Last week, I decided to give them another try. I was very impressed with the food and the service was great. My lunch was a BBQ all white meat chicken sandwich. The BBQ had a very smokey flavor and the bun was toasted to keep it from becoming soggy. My next visit to Moe's was later the same week for a family dinner. The sweet ladies at the counter recommended the family meal, usually a take-out item that the offered to serve in house. Her recommendation, ultimately saved us over 15.00. They brought it all to the table "family style" and I served everyone. Made me feel a little less guilty about not serving a home cooked meal. I must say there Banana Pudding was very different from the normal banana pudding served in the south. It had a whipped like texture and had a hint of fresh vanilla bean. This is offered as a side item, so you can get a meal with two sides and include desert as a side! The kids really enjoyed it and so did I. My husband even went back today and got the Redneck Nachos, he was highly impressed with the pork. I really enjoy their fries, just crispy enough and not greasy.Overall the restaurant is very clean and the food is great. Many improvements have been made since our first visit.I would have given them 5 stars but there are a few improvements that need to be made to the decor and to the bathrooms. The dinning room is fairly small and would not be good for large groups of 6 or more. Parking is also an issue if they are crowded. We will definitely be back.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,10/7/2014,13,7,4,3,4>Definitely my top 5 breakfast places in Birmingham. I've had their double fried pork belly quesadilla and I have also had their Big Bad Breakfast skillet. Both are delicious and and very well seasoned. The place is lively and simultaneously retro and modern. They serve Octane coffee (local roaster), which a nice touch. Took a while to get our food, but it was pretty busy and I had good company so I didn't notice. The second time was not as slow. The real reason to go is their bacon! Oh my stars it is good! Try their spicy bacon if you like spicy stuff, it is even better. Recommended meal:- Freshly squeezed orange juice - Octane coffee- Biscuits w/ mango jelly- Double fried pork belly quesadilla - BACON! (Spicy if you dare)
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/6/2014,29,22,6,8,7>First things first- this place serves food. Wait, not just food, great food. Everything I've had has surpassed my expectations. I don't like seafood. They told me their best item was the shrimp potstickers. Guess what- now I like their shrimp. Amazing food. The menu is changing frequently to other great foods, plus being located in the backyard of Parkside is a great perk. The courtyard is cozy and nice, especially at night. This little airstream restaurant is a foodies dream to explore foods and new menus at a reliably tasty destination. Visit this place. It is fantastic.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,10/5/2014,49,51,1,2,3>Really good food for a pretty good price, especially in this area of Birmingham! My roommate and I try to hold off during the week and wait for the famous "Friday Special," (easier said than done) and if you're vegetarian, I've found you can even order that as the "Mediterranean Salad," which basically substitutes the meat & pasta for chickpeas, nuts, & sauteed pepper. I'm also a fish-freak, and I love their fish dishes & sandwich!  So far, I haven't had anything here I didn't like, and the staff has always been really helpful and super nice.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,10/4/2014,1,82,5,4,3>A true "soul food" restaurant--tasty traditional southern food! We arrived about 2:00PM on Sunday, and the street was parked up with people going to Eagles.  We arrived to find the waiting line going out of the door.   Even at this hour, it took 30-45 minutes of standing for us to get our food.  There is seating inside this tiny place, but it would be very uncomfortable to be in a booth with people crowded standing in the room, standing above you eating.   Clearly a popular place.We ordered one of every main meal (pork chops, chicken, ox tail) and every side (mac & cheese, candied yams, greens, green beans, creamed corn), with corn bread.  All tasted great but was very greasy.  I could not eat like this regularly.  I felt the price was high, but one did get quite a bit of food.Eagles is certainly a place worth visiting.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,10/3/2014,28,26,4,4,5>I popped in here for happy hour one evening after work. I love the interior of the place- it's pretty hip and a bit more upscale, but still relaxing and casual at the same time. We sat at the bar, so we didn't order off of the main menu- we stuck to the smaller happy hour specials. We tried the smoked gouda mac n cheese, spicy tuna bon bons, & the ocean roll. Everything tasted really good, but we weren't expecting the sushi roll to only have 4 pieces. It just seemed so tiny. That said, it's still worth ordering, since it isn't pricey during happy hour anyways.  I would without a doubt like to go back for dinner & try out some of their other menu items.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,10/2/2014,1,17,4,5,5>Drinks were delish and their bourbon list was amazing! A nice laid back place to grab drinks after work or after dinner. I had the Yin-Yang martini and it was soooo good! The muddled strawberries made the drink! It was like tasting fresh strawberries right out of the carton! Definitely one of the sweet drinks on the menu. My husband said it was delicious but too fruity for him lol definitely a girlie drink. I also had the Blackberry Winter. It was really tasty but kinda strong. The bartenders were super nice and offered advice when asked. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because we didn't sample the food menu but it looked good from what the people around us were eating.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/1/2014,4,25,2,2,2>Possibly my favorite place to grab a beer or two on 280! The interior is intimate but doesn't feel cramped. Nice patio out front. Unique and quirky art and decor with good tunes playing. Pretty decent beer selection and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly too! The real standout here is the menu. Fantastic pub grub! Excellent burgers along with several other equally excellent entrées! I highly recommend this place!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,9/30/2014,45,202,1,2,3>I am a fan of this place but going on a Wed night plan to get there by 4pm if you want a table in the bar area.  It's packed - probably because of the great drink happy hour and good food you can order off the full menu or the bar menu.  Also, if you are a gentleman over the age of 35+ you will have an abundance of ladies to flirt with.  There is live music (a bit loud for the space) and some people actually get up and attempt to dance.  (It very slightly reminded me of a nonsmoking Hogan's)  Our waitress, Jami, did great for waiting on a group of 10 squished into a booth. BUT the food was not as good as it is seems to be when you are sitting on the restaurant side.  I think it's because the bar area is just overwhelmed with orders.  Worth going again, but will get there early to grab a different table.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,9/29/2014,62,78,5,6,5>We stopped by for dinner last Thursday with a couple of friends and were seated immediately around 6:15 PM.  By 6:40, this place was packed so they are doing something right.We started out with the fritto misto tempura vegetables.  Great hand on the fry, not too thick of a batter with lots of onions but unfortunately I do not recall what else.  This is not a bad thing, I was just starving.  There were none left!  I like the sweet chili glaze but we should have requested it on the side (our fault) and it would have been nice to have a spicy sauce option too.  With that said, their house made mustard is somewhat sweet but also a little tart and went well with this (well, with everything actually).  Paget was nice enough to also bring us out a plate of fries gratis and talk with us a bit, which is always nice and a welcome touch showing that management is looking out for everyone. Note, I do not personally know Paget but she was super nice to us.  I ordered the Reuben and was pretty impressed.  Now, I will say that perhaps the edge goes to Max's or Itzzy's as far as quality and quantity of pastrami, but the pastrami on this sandwich is not far behind.  It tastes artisan and was delicious plus as expected, Melt does a much better job of pressing/grilling a sandwich which never comes out toasted or buttery enough at Max's).  I realize this is a personal preference as a Jewish Reuben is not a melt per se, but the one at Melt surely is.  Otherwise, the Reuben was perfect as was the side of fries although I could not eat as many after Paget's nice gesture. Sally had the Flaming Lips sandwich which while not very spicy, was a bit hit regardless.  The key is the grilled jalapenos which were there but not overpowering.  I would definitely order this again.  I can't wait to return to try the burger and other sandwiches. With that said, the minor miss was that they do not have a lot of options on draft with only five choices.  Since I always love a Good People IPA (and only had one that night), this is not a big deal but just wanted to let others know the craft draft options are somewhat limited.  They have some bottled domestics too.  Keep it up Melt!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,9/28/2014,32,57,4,6,6>Getting ready to head to a local restaurant we discovered that our car was acting up. Being in the middle of the week and almost 8:00PM we decided we better try our luck with Autozone to try to diagnosis the problem rather than waiting until the morning to deal with it. We entered the store and there were already customers being serviced by the staff. They were pleasant enough to let us know that they would be right with us. After a few minutes wait they asked us what was going on with our car. We made the various grunts and noises that we thought would enlighten them. However, they were smart enough to suggest that they put their tester on to see what they could find. (I can't believe they didn't understand our shop language ... LOL). So... they put the tester on and the diagnosis was showing a bad battery. Whew... we thought we were going to have to take it to the ER! Here's the part that I'm impressed with... they helped us select a battery and then at 9:00PM, AJ installed the new battery in the car. AJ would not allow us to leave until we had cranked the car several times and even adjusted the tightness on the clamps to be sure he had everything correct BEFORE we left the parking lot. Now that my friends is customer service! AJ was pleasant, helpful and considerate as we stood by and watched him work. Thank you AutoZone for employing great employees and for staying open until Midnight!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,9/27/2014,35,41,1,3,2>I normally stick to this location drive thru, but decided to go in this time.  It was kinda small, but clean. There was no one at the counter when I approached... I stood around for 5 to 10 mins, but I guess someone signaled someone in the back. When I was assisted the employee was nice and the food was out quickly.  I ordered the chicken finger basket, which is always awesome. You really can't mess up chicken fingers... I will be back, but i will stick to drive thru only!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,9/26/2014,80,246,,3,3>This place is like Cheers - everybody knows your name.  This is a combination of great customer service and the fact that we have entirely too much dry cleaning for two people.  While it is not cheap, the quality of service is worth it.  They do everything - the basics, plus sewing repairs, wedding dress preservation, and pillows/comforters/etc.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,9/25/2014,11,60,1,1,2>Their strawberry lemonade (only available in the summer) is delicious. I've tried a couple of things here, and I liked everything except for the pulled pork. My favorite food here is the broccoli salad. It's SO good. If you're coming here for the first time, get the down home, strawberry lemonade, and some orange rolls!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/24/2014,16,101,5,5,6>I knew I had to try this place the moment I read Chip's initial review and he likened it to Antico's in Atlanta. I have been known to plan entire day trips around an Antico's visit.... crazy but true. The promise of a similar food experience in Birmingham made for high expectations but  I'm beyond impressed with this place. I took my visiting Aunt and Mother here on Saturday night. First impressions: incredibly positive/helpful staff and a really beautiful setting. We ordered a large (16oz) pizza and a bottle of the 'Treehugger' brut between the three of us. We took a number, our bottle and found a table on the patio. They had live music and many families with young children were dancing in the open areas of the patio. The ambiance of this place is stellar and, dare I say, better than Antico's in Atlanta. The ability to sit outside or inside (and view the kitchen) is superb. I love community tables and appreciate places that do them well... they do. The pizza arrived quickly despite it being a busy Saturday night. It was piping hot and looked incredible. Fresh ingredients, a perfectly executed crust, and no cheese abuse. On first taste, I knew that I'd be returning here many, many times. The large pizza was plenty big for the three of us but it was so delicious there were no leftovers. Having spotted the cannoli at the counter while ordering, I knew I couldn't leave without giving it a try. It was excellent: freshly prepared (not a hint of sogginess), not too sweet and lovely extra dark chocolate chips. Overall, a really superb experience that I am looking forward to repeating in the (very) near future.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/23/2014,15,21,4,5,4>This is a curiosity shop.  If you want to know what that means, stumble in and check it out. It's got tchotchkes, knick knacks, vinyl, clothes, advertisments, books, razors, belt buckles and a plethora of other items to browse. I've even found a few antique double edge razors (although nothing worth restoring).They have also built the best used videogame collection in town. It's a litte overpriced but worth a browse.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/22/2014,19,75,5,5,4>Overall, I think this place will be a fantastic addition to the Avondale/Birmingham area. I came here with a friend for dinner on a Tuesday and it was not super crowded (which is good because there are only five tables!). I got the LHM and my friend got the Aloha, and we switched halves so we could try both. She also got some of the citrus edamame which was super fresh and delicious! For drinks you have your choice of bottled Coke and Diet Coke, glass bottle sodas (Fanta and Coke too I think), and water from a cooler. They have cups but no ice. The sushi burritos are much smaller than I thought they would be, and I have the appetite of a growing 12-year-old boy. I think I heard someone behind the counter telling another customer that the sushi burritos are equivalent to a roll and a half of sushi. You can, of course, Go Godzilla! for a bigger portion but that would cost you $12-15 (though I guess when you think about it, three rolls of sushi will run you more than that). I would love to come back and try some of the tacos (ceviche!!), but at $6 a pop, the next visit will absolutely have to be a special occasion.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,9/21/2014,35,61,4,9,3>Great food, great price!  Prior to getting onto Yelp earlier this year (2014), I use to frequent this buffet whenever I was short on time.  In short, this side of town has two main buffet restaurants, one is Mr Wang's and the other is U China Buffet.  What sets Mr Wang apart is this simple fact that the owner is always present when I'm there and he's always in a great mood.  In addition to this, his staff is constant and the food is great. Now I've read a few reviews where people complained about the service and food, which surprises me since its a Buffet (i.e. serve yourself).  Additionally, this is not a 5 star fancy french restaurant, its a Buffet for $7-$9.If you're looking for a quick meal, low price and a nice variety, then this place is for you.  Happy Yelping!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,9/20/2014,40,53,3,4,6>This is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in Birmingham. I'm quickly becoming a Vittoria evangelist. I've been here three times so far, and all three visits have been some of the best meals, with the best service, of my life. The atmosphere is welcoming, and it is not hoity-toity as some may expect. You can come here and spend as much (easy to do) or as little (much tougher, because everything is amazing!) as you'd like. The entrees are ridiculously good, and the charcuterie is phenomenal. The people that work here are passionate about the product you receive. Josh explained to me the entire process of making soprasetta, which is a time-consuming endeavor done on premises, and easily recommended cheeses and accoutrements that paired with the flavors and textures of the meats we chose for our charcuterie board. The entrees have interesting and flavorful combinations (beef Wellington with foie gras! Fried quail!) and are beautifully plated. You also can find out from where all the ingredients are sourced. I still haven't mentioned cocktails and desserts! The wine list is extensive, and servers are well-equipped to recommend something you will love if you don't see one on the list that you know you love already.  Apertifs and digestifs are part of that territory, too. You may not know what they are, or why you need them, but you will learn how they augment and complete a meal.The Sea Pistol is a delicious libation featuring whiskey, egg white, nutmeg, and some other tastiness. One of the best creations in town. Emily might even whip up something not featured on the drink menu, and it's guaranteed to satisfy your craving. The desserts make you want to forget your manners and just go ahead and lick the plate clean. I have yet to come here and be able to say no to dessert. Plus, PRALINE BACON. That alone is worth the trip. I was spotted dining al fresco next door at Bettola, and was accused of cheating! They remember their customers, which is a fine way of expressing gratitude, and it might be my favorite thing about this restaurant....which by now  it should be obvious that choosing just one favorite thing is quite a feat. I will return here, again and again, and I will continually advise others - friends and strangers alike - to do likewise.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/19/2014,7,48,3,6,4>I have always been jumping from one stylist to another but I have finally found THE one! Brittany is by far the best... Her excellent training and continual education are evident in her knowledge of technique, product, and styles. I have lived in Atlanta, New York City, and California and have never found anyone that comes close to Brittany. And if that's not get enough she has the most genuine and down to earth personality. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,9/18/2014,113,225,1,7,4>Last week for my birthday, we ordered take out from this favorite. Wait--what?! Take out!!  We are so excited to enjoy this delicious treat at home since we are new parents and can't always go out with the baby!It was delish!  Three of us shared the penne vodka with shrimp and the prime rib special with Italian Mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts.  We had the fiocchi appetizer that came highly recommended by the gentleman I spoke with--glad we ordered them!!  We requested bread too and he hooked us up!  We are celebrating my moms birthday tonight and guess what?  We ordered more GianMarcos take out!  Can't wait!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,9/16/2014,54,28,3,4,4>This place has solid burgers and dogs, cheap and fast.  The service is always really friendly and someone who works there has a sweet old fleetwood that stays parked out front.  This place is a regular lunch stop for me. Giant burger all the way with bacon and cheese, please.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/15/2014,54,30,3,3,6>I bought a unit here about 2 months ago and literally love it more every single week. Extraordinary views. Surprisingly peaceful even though you're overlooking the metro area. Watch amazing sunrises and sunsets every day. Kind, respectful neighbors. Extremely solid, quality construction. Great soundproofing inside the units. Common areas all recently renovated and updated. Security gate with guard. Salt water pool, tennis courts, gym with new equipment, library, party room, storage, etc. Truly a hidden gem. I'm 35 and may well end up living here for decades. Everyone who visits me for the first time is blown away. For those with allergies, note is a pet free facility.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,9/14/2014,109,165,1,3,5>This is dive bar couture!  The Garage Cafe looks like a movie still, invented around a stone courtyard of antique statues and old stores with treasures of the past.  The seating, the smell, the over-grown flora is straight out of the Bohemian Revolution.  To feel like you've been transported into 1901, spend a couple hours at The Garage.  It's like Southern gothic mated with Paris....Parking is a bit of a hassle, but worth it!  Remember to bring cash!  They do not take credit cards.  Hey, but plastic payment didn't exist in 1901, did it?  And the beer selection is not hugely expansive, but you're going for atmosphere.  And to pretend you're either Hemingway, or one of his wives.  Heck, I vote they rename the place "The Hemingway!"
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,9/13/2014,10,5,3,4,4>Brick & Tin is a great restaurant. I had a great lunch there the other day. I ordered the Southern panini which was to die for, they also had some great tomato soupThe only things I would squawk about is  that it is really small and really loud. During lunchtime there are hardly enough seats to be had. I had to snag a seat at a table that was dirty but luckily someone came and cleaned it. Also a saw a friend there and wanted to talk to them but they could hardly hear me because the music and the people were so loud. But overall it was a great experience.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/12/2014,1,10,2,2,3>I really enjoyed my meal at Urban Cookhouse. I had "the down home" witch had smoked turkey and ham with pineapple,  mac and cheese, a delicious broccoli/ farro and grape salad, And Orange roll. It was the perfect amount of food and for $7.95 it was a steal for fresh local ingredients.  Even my $5 glass of Pinot Noir was decent. If your someone who appreciates quality over quantity then try this place.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,9/11/2014,16,11,3,4,5>So, this place is definitely growing. Been here twice this week, and they've had guests. I'm very excited to see that because I want this restaurant to stay in business! They have a new cocktail list that looks amazing, however, I'm sticking to my Bombay gin and cranberry juice for now. I don't think the menu has a bad item on it. I'm a regular here, and I have never had anything I don't like. Please support this place. It is locally owned and gives the chain restaurants around it a run for their money!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,9/10/2014,0,4,2,3,3>I have heard some wonderful things about Food bar, and to be honest, my expectations were high. We came on a very busy Saturday night, but we were seated almost right away. The hostess was very friendly, and as was our waiter. We ordered our drinks and squash blossoms as an appetizer. We received them quickly. They were well plated and looked delicious!Despite being a bit underseasoned, they were quite delicious!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,9/9/2014,13,5,2,3,3>Yum, yum. Fun, fun. I love going to this place. The tuna tartare burger is my absolute fave (perfect flavors and texture!) and the fries with smoked mayo are soooo delish. Cool atmosphere, too - whether inside at one of the space-agey booths or outside in the surprisingly comfortable patio furniture.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,9/8/2014,5,22,,5,4>Being from up north it is hard to find a good cheesesteak and on Friday night decided to try the place - ordered cheese steak and was surprised to find that I could get it Philly style with Cheese Wiz - not a Philly Cheesesteak but, damn good for Alabama! you won't find one anywhere else as good as here - Jersey Mike's is Ok but this is way better.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,9/7/2014,32,82,6,4,4>Foodies love the sweet potato fries, hipsters love the PBR, criminals love the parking lot, and I just love the tree of bottles!I have little to offer in advice as to what should be avoided. The men's restroom includes the vinyl album covers that my uncle donated to Goodwill fifteen years ago. I appreciate the personalized graffiti produced by my fellow patrons. In other words, this place has its own feel and its own theme. The theme is one of eccentricity. The food is prepared at a bar, so its bar food. It may feel strange to say it out loud when you see and taste it. Seating is limited, it does get packed, so come early for food and stay late for your fill of Pabst Blue Ribbon. The staff is excellent, helpful, and friendly. Prices are very reasonable. If you plan on becoming a regular and don't already have a beard: grow one. You will see.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,9/6/2014,50,54,2,3,3>Been here 2x so far, both times for tire service.  Apparently, they handle everything from maintenance to oil to engine drop-in, which I just learned this morn, so I'll prob just make these guys my go-to since it's pretty close to Avondale. The two fellows up front are long-time veterans of the business and are not out to jilt you, which is great for those who may not know much in the auto realm.  Five stars awarded for great customer service, full shop, and customer transportation!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,9/5/2014,36,80,3,4,4>If you enjoy beer... Visit World of Beers! Not sure why there are so many bad reviews on this place. I've enjoyed it on every occasion I've been. This includes busy weekend nights, slow afternoons etc. Service has always been on point and never a low as stated in other reviews. There's PLENTY of beer to choose from as you would expect, and the menu is sectioned by brew style. They also serve cocktails/mixed drinks by request. Just don't ask for anything too fancy. If you get hungry... It's Five Points South... Walk, or check out a local food menu listing close by places that will deliver to WoB. There's plenty of indoor/outdoor seating with activities such as Lifesize Jenga, Lifesize Connect Four and Corn hole! Depending on the night you may even catch some love music. Lots of beer, lots of fun!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/4/2014,26,227,3,2,2>Patriot Park is another terrific Birmingham greenspace that can be found just off West Oxmoor. There's a large open grassy area for running about and chasing your choice of frisbee, football, baseball, soccer ball...you get the idea, a decently sized playground, a couple gazebo/picnic pavilions, and a small restroom facility. Parking is a little sparse relative to the number of people that could be using the park at one time, but there's an empty lot at the intersection of Oak Grove and Oxmoor that can hold some additional vehicles. And a final word of warning: the grass is rough in patches, as my scuffed shin can attest. However, if some potential bumps and scrapes won't scare you off, this is another great park to visit as the weather starts getting better.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,9/3/2014,25,31,5,5,5>Oh my lord, this place. Seriously. So good! My husband and I both started with the grits, greens, bbq, onion rings pile, which was beyond delicious. Their onion rings are really secret superstars that make the whole dish and honestly, they make life worth living. However, the BEST thing we've had were the smoked wings. They're sticky, not too sweet, spicy, smokey and covered in some yummy white sauce, maybe ranch, maybe crack, who cares, it's amazing! If you haven't eaten here yet, you really should be ashamed of yourself, and you should fix it right away. Also, I hear their fried chicken and cheeseburgers will knock your socks off...will definitely be trying it next - only bummer, no alcohol, but they will totally wrap up your food and you can enjoy it at Avondale Brewery next door. Point is, go now and go hungry.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/2/2014,42,38,3,4,6>This place is the jam. I've been here a handful of times now and have not been disappointed.Located right next to Pepper Place on 3rd Avenue South, this place provides any and all of your beer needs. Whether you're a beer aficionado or you like to sit back and have some drinks with friends, this is the place for you. First of all there is a vast selection of bottled beers and wine here and the friendly staff can help you choose whatever it is you're searching for. What makes this place so great you might ask? Growlertown. That's right, 60 beers on tap that you can enjoy sipping on at the bar or buying a growler so you can take it home. Personally, I go to the bar and drink samples. Samples usually run around $1.50 and you can try tons of beers without breaking the bank. There's also a great variety of brews from the state of Alabama so you can support local breweries. Stop messing around and come get some beer.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,9/1/2014,37,133,,4,4>At first glance this place was a bit sketchy. We walked down an alleyway/smoking section and wondered if we found the right place off 5th. Luckily we kept walking & found a gem behind the grey doors. Very hipster! I personally love the decor. Not stuffy, but inviting. Lots of space (at least close to 11pm on a friday....then again the grand opening hasn't happened as of now). Grand opening set for March 28th & 29th. Scheduled to have 8 beers on tap, food trucks & good times had by all.The staff was amazing...3 total maintaining all customer requests. Very accommodating, friendly and thankful to have our business. I was afforded the opportunity to try beers before deciding which to order. I'm not a beer snob yet and often have trouble deciding which brew will best suit my taste. I was pleased with my Rye Brown Cask w/Irish oak=YUM! Hubby got the nitro rye brown-creamy brew=good! Grand total=$10 (minus tip)Harris was a delight to meet. He is the founder of the brewing company & so personable. Loved his selection of musical tunes of the night. Had such a variety that encouraged folks to enjoy the atmosphere even more. The iPad cashier/dj options works well. All in all this place is pretty nice- I like the chill Friday night vibe, I hope business builds for Harris' (&team) sake, I however kinda like keeping gems like these in my back pocket...eat your heart out yelpersSee ya at grand openingHappy Friday night sips (be responsible)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,8/31/2014,12,60,3,4,3>Ummm I've almost taken naps on the couches in the back more times than I'd like to admit. Coming to Blue Monkey is a bit like crawling into a cave. I love it.When friends/family come into town, I bring them here. Always. You'll typically catch me here at least one night of the weekend. I haven't had a bad drink yet - my favorite so far is the pomegranate martini. Nut & Berries is DELISH. Oh, and you get a sidecar. What's not to love?The vibes are great here. Piano dude in the back makes the night.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2014,8/30/2014,90,70,3,6,5>Pros: The price for both entry and concessions is super cheap. They have hot dogs, nachos, popcorn, and candy. Cons: The space is super small, so when people say 'Get there early' they're not kidding. I would recommend arriving a solid 45 minutes before the movie starts. They only take cash or check at the concession stand. They let in WAY too many cars. To be honest, we may be sleeping here because I think we're in here like a Tetris piece. There is a train track behind the lot, so you can hear that when it goes by. Also, there are quite a few overgrown trees at the base of the screen blocking part of the view.  Lots of people bring chairs and their own food. They don't allow alcohol, but they also don't search your car. The radio station is 89.1 to hear the movie. Finally, if they say they start at 7:30 and it's not dark yet, they won't start. So, if you're running behind, you may not be late for the movie, but you probably won't have a place to park.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,8/29/2014,65,139,4,4,5>Ditto on my previous review. Nothing's changed, and that's absolutely a good thing. Still an awesome choice for a chill summer night of libations, laughter, sports and bar cuisine. Do yourself a favor and go... now.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,8/28/2014,49,40,2,4,6>This is a small piece of the old world left behind.  A truly wonderful look into what Birmingham might have felt like 100 years ago.  Need shoes shined?  This is the place.  Need a repair? Look no further.  Need a hat rehabbed or stretched?  No one does it better!  Dim lighting, dark wood, and old leather.  The prices and services are outstanding but the feeling of walking into something this authentic is well worth the stop!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/27/2014,19,42,2,3,3>I love sushi, are you?Best marketing campaign in town! Also demonstrates the sense of humor and fun nature of management. This place is fantastic! Delicious, great price points, and lots of variety. Only bad thing is how popular it has gotten. It now takes 45 minutes to be seated and order when you used to be able to be in and out in 45.  Take out is still really quick though. Best paired with a movie at the Edge theatre across the street. :)
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,8/26/2014,31,141,1,4,6>Who needs boozy paint by number classes when you've got Wine and Welding at your convenience? When I heard about the Wine and Welding class at Weldwood Creations, my initial thought was "Me? Weld? Nahhh". After a quick internal struggle, I brought myself to the conclusion that I should at least try it - I mean, at the end of the day the least I could say is that I've been to a welding class before.To say that I left Weldwood Creations ecstatic is an understatement - anyone (yes, even you!) can weld! And guess what? It's really freakin' fun. Even this slightly girly girl really enjoyed working with my hands to create a nice iron piece. Certainly it doesn't hurt that the staff of Weldwood Creations are super friendly and helpful, and provided tasty snacks and wine (duh) for us to enjoy.The creations that we welded on this particular night was a quick decorative piece, but multiple week classes are offered for more in depth projects as well. The owner showed us pieces that are often made in these classes, which costs way less than if you just bought the piece instead of making it yourself!Be sure to check out this place! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/25/2014,203,99,3,8,7>I've been a fan of the Off the Hook food truck for a while and I finally made it to the company's relatively new stationary restaurant location - Hooked. The first thing that I noticed upon entering Hooked is the beautiful Birmingham mural that covers the wall directly behind the bar area that wraps around the entrance. I dined at the bar counter and enjoyed a good experience. During my quick stop at Hooked, I sampled their great fried green tomatoes (that has a unique tempura like-buttermilk batter that omits the typical cornmeal batter), solid fried oysters, and the delicious southern gentleman cocktail. In addition to the yummy food and drink, the service was stellar too. The staff is friendly and very helpful with explaining the menu and drink options. Overall, I definitely look forward to coming back for more at Hooked!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,8/24/2014,41,54,4,3,3>I know what you're thinking: "a sidewalk? who cares?". I tell you who should care: anyone who wants to go for a beautiful stroll, that's who. Nestled in one of Birmingham's most quaint neighborhoods, this sidewalk is great for walking, jogging, skipping, or strolling with the kiddos. Hungry after expending all of that kinetic energy? Us too! Tip Top Grill is a stones throw from the end of the sidewalk. They have the view and the food to fill body and soul. So put on your comfy shoes and let's get moving!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/23/2014,23,40,2,3,3>I can't believe we lived in Birmingham for a year before coming here. Oops!We stopped in on our lunch and got some pulled pork sandwiches. I got slaw on mine which turned out to be an excellent decision. It turned into a fork and knife situation pretty quickly. The slaw is mayo free (or at least vinegar based) and delightfully crunchy and zesty. I got potato salad which was pretty good and Man friend got Mac n cheese that looked amazing. It was busy but they were quick. We shall return!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/22/2014,16,94,4,4,3>First off, on Sunday night they have a Mariachi type group who play during dinner. They were very talented, but extremely loud in a rather enclosed space. So if that's what you're looking for (or trying to avoid), take note.Also, if you walk in and find that you are the only non-Hispanics in the restaurant, you know you're getting some excellent and authentic Mexican food. And no other two words describe it more accurately.I enjoyed the variety of salsas, exceptionally better and more distinguished than your average El Paso Picante brand. And I recommend ordering from the authentic selections, even if you're not sure.You must try the Tripas Taco. Get it extra crispy, just don't ask what it is. If you like bacon you'll love it!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/21/2014,4,30,,5,2>Agree with the reviews posted already.    For a brand new spot this joint has it together; no rookies running this place! Plenty of beers to choose from, daily burger specials plus the good old stand-bys. Sweet potato or usual fries make up the sides.Don't forget the fried Oreo for dessert Staff is as laid back as the place. Be warned: after 10 the disco ball comes on and the place is made to get wild! Apparently dancing on the bar is permitted and a peach colored bar already adorns the chandelier!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,8/20/2014,37,9,2,2,3>I've been flying in and out of Birmingham Airport an average of 3 times a year for the past 6 years.   I must say that the renovations that have been made are great.  Everything is brand spanking new. The TSA  and gate agents are some of the friendliest I have ever encountered (domestic and international).Over the past couple of years, the airport has also stayed open later to accommodate later arrivals. They've also moved more food options inside the airport instead of outside security where they used to be. The only improvement I would suggest is a larger baggage claim area . I came in on a busy day and there were four arrival flights all looking to get the bags from two conveyer belts right next to each other.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,8/19/2014,72,51,3,2,2>First, please note that I have not eaten an actual meal here, but merely a whole bunch if appetizers. I also did not realize until Yelp's newsletter that FIVE served brunch - definitely going to try it. That said, all those appetizers were very tasty and made a good meal all by themselves for 5-6 hungry guys, two of whom had just flown in from LA (the city on the west coast, not Lower Alabama). They were equally impressed, and after several other meals in our fair city are eager to return. What I especially liked is that the appetizers were clever and not the standard, boring "cheese fries" or something, but they were also not like those weird dishes ones finds in Atlanta that were clearly just made up to be, well, weird. (Yes, I know there's a FIVE in Atlanta, and Atlantans probably appreciate it). I also liked that my boss paid - it seemed more than I would have spent, but there were a lot of drinks on our bill somehow. We must have been there longer than I thought!My advice: try all the appetizers if you're not ready for a full meal. I shall return for brunch!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/18/2014,80,194,3,3,2>This brand new Mediterranean restaurant is poised to make a big splash in the Hoover area. It is in the newly constructed addition to the Chace Lake area and it is nicely decorated with plenty of room. The owner is very friendly and you can tell he is proud of his restaurant as he should be. This particular trip I had and appetizer of humas and pita that was wonderful and for my entree had the chicken shawarma which was also very good. I highly recommend this place.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,8/17/2014,61,39,4,4,5>This is a great running trail that allows for a pretty flat, partially shaded 5 mile run.  You can stretch that to 6 if you go past the target to the end of Brookwood mall. The trail has lanes like a road to avoid any accidental collisions with any other runner, walker, cyclist, stroller or dogs (on leashes!) that are going the opposite way.  It's pretty popular so be prepared to have to pass or be passed by others.There are mile markers that are helpful if you start at either end. There's also plenty of parking and a water fountain at each end.  Although, I'd recommend just bringing your own water bottle.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,8/16/2014,31,56,4,5,3>Check my update below...I love the great selection and the low prices.  So far I have only bought from the center pavilion where there are two stores who basically have the same thing.  Workers at both were very helpful and friendly but the one in the back (Evelyn's) had lower prices on a few things.  I have really enjoyed the quality of everything I have ever gotten here.  Next time I plan on visiting the smaller booths where farmers are selling out of the back of their trucks or out of trailers.  There is less variety but I look forward to the experience.On Saturdays there is a flea market set up with lots of random stuff being sold by about twenty different vendors.  I only checked out one, a guy who was selling lawn and gardening equipment, and it turned out that the price he was selling his used garden rakes for was more than a new one at home depot.  So, check it out but know what a fair price its before you buy.Overall I am very happy and just wish this place was closer to my house!   And check out niki's west while you are in this area...great lunch spot and great warm banana pudding.Update (10/1/2014)I finally talked to a few people who were selling from smaller tables or just out of the bed of a pickup truck and I am so glad I did.  I got a basket of squash for 20% less than the squash at Evelyn's (now I do still love Evelyn's) and enjoyed talking to the family that was selling it.  I was pretty cool to be talking to the guy who farmed it and I liked meeting his family.  We also ate at the Mexican restaurant!  I couldnt believe my Dad wanted to eat there but he did and so we did.  I went in and ordered two tacos (chorizo and asada) and a tamale.  There was a good bit of a wait until I got my food (it was a Saturday afternoon) but the guy at the register (who spoke great English and Spanish...well I think the Spanish was good...sounded good to me!) told me that there would be a wait.  Knowing there was going to be a wait, I took some time to look at what more of the farmers had brought while I waited.  Both tacos were great (as one of my friends says...let the flavor of the meat shine!)  and my stepmother liked her tamale.  He gave me a small cup of each of the sauces (rojo, verde, and habanero).  Each was good and the habanero was not ridiculously hot like other habanero sauces I have had.  Tamales were not on the menu so I am sure they have other items that are not on the menu either.  If there is something you want...ask...they may have it!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/15/2014,1,11,1,2,1>Finally!! I've found a great Mexican restaurant really close to the house. This place puts Sol azteca to shame! The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very attentive. First, we ordered margaritas during happy hour and we were delighted with the taste and amount of alcohol in them. Their chips and salsa tasted good but their salsa could definitely use some more heat. The enchiladas were cooked perfectly as was everything else our table ordered. Also, the prices are low for the amount of food you get. I will be coming back here next time I get a craving for Mexican food and don't want to pay a lot or travel far to get it.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,8/14/2014,14,6,3,2,2>Sexy little place. Great for a Sunday night date night. Kadoma tuna a must--even though it's smaller than it used to be. Ceviche used to be the best I've ever had but they don't include as many seafood items anymore. It's more like a salad with seafood in it. But still delicious. My husband takes our young daughters here for date night frequently. Even great for them...cook steak on a rock!  So fun. Last bonus for me... They serve Sancerre.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/12/2014,36,269,3,2,6>This event greatly exceeded expectations for me--if everyone is honest, I think we'd all agree that you don't usually get fired up about LongHorn. But aside from the special focused service (being treated like royalty is a perfect description, Justin!), this was a great showcase that LongHorn really does have some quality eats. They could have just kept the appetizers coming and I would have been more than satisfied! The spicy chicken bites and fried shrimp appetizers stole the show for the first round. The salad with grilled watermelon, goat cheese, and quinoa (did I do that right? because spellcheck wants to change that to 'Joaquin'...) was light, refreshing, and delicious. The filet was cooked to a perfect, as-ordered medium-rare and the flavor was outstanding. None of the "special sauce" that was prepared tableside (nice touch) needed with the steak. Grilled asparagus was money as well. I'm not a big dessert guy (I'll eat seconds at home instead of dessert usually), but my hat is off to the chocolate cake (6 types of chocolate!) and the peach tart. Both were amazing, and served in abundance.Great company, great food, and another successful elite event. Thanks to Will and the staff at LongHorn!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,8/11/2014,19,26,3,3,2>Your basic Mexican food can be found here. It's nothing fancy but you can get a lot of food at a good price. They have been in business for 15-20 years in the same spot so they must be doing something right.  Inside is super-clean and tidy. I recently visited with a group of nine gals and they kept our drinks filled and and the chip bowls full.  Service is swift and friendly. Our group ended up being the last table there but they didn't try to rush us out the door.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,8/10/2014,837,503,3,5,3>Last night I made a return to the Stardome Comedy Club after an extended absence... I have always had good experiences through the years and really don't know why I have not been in years.But, this venue is well known for attracting the best comics in the industry. The theater is rather small, which gives an intimate, close up view of the performer on stage. As others have noted they do pack people in tightly so, be prepared to be close to your neighbors. But, the view of the stage is good anywhere, the lighting and sound systems are top notch.The food is uninspiring and bland. 2 steps below what you would find at any generic sports bar anywhere. But, in reality this is NOT where you go for a great (or even good) meal. We can a combo platter with chicken fingers, wings, fries and Onion Rings ($18) which was fine...Some have complained about the servers, but to me, they were doing a pretty good job if you consider the cramped quarters and the time constraints of getting everything done during a live performance. Last night's performer was Craig Shoemaker AKA "The LoveMaster". He performed for 2 hours of full speed comedy genius. We laughed so hard that we were exhausted when the show was over.Laughter is  good medicine!!I'd say to my fellow Yelper's, don't forget about this bright spot in Birmingham's entertainment community. I know I won't!!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/9/2014,48,43,3,3,4>It's 2:00 am and you're hungry? It's Christmas Day and everything is closed? Go to Al's.  They are 24/7 365 days a year.  They have a wonderful falafel and don't forget they have chicken fingers, french fries, cheese fries, an amazing cheeseburger, loaded giant baked potatoes, and mint sweet tea.  Yum.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,8/8/2014,22,229,3,5,2>I've been both for lunch and dinner, and I really like this place!Do they serve the best Mexican ever, no.Is the food good, absolutely yes.Why 5 stars? ...because the people here make their best to be gentle, nice, fun, and greeting.The atmosphere is just great, and they serve good drinks and lunch time service is fast and well-priced.Definitively a place to go when you look for something easy and chill.Nice discovery thanks to yelp!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,8/7/2014,13,36,3,6,3>No, this place is not whole foods. Value is hit and miss. But it's like that in every "healthy" supermarket. They offer plenty of email and text coupon lists you can join. This is the way to go! They run meat specials all the time. I got an email last spring from them and whole foods. Both had wild caught salmon on special. Whole foods $15/lb , EF $9/lb. That is legit! I have wild caught flounder, grass fed filet, wild salmon and scallops all in my deep freezer from EF. Other email offers I've used are... free grapes no purchase required. $14 off $70 purchase. Free bag of organic oranges no purchase required. 5 crab cakes for $10.The other high point is their juice bar. 16oz juice is $6. I juice at home and it takes a lot of produce to make 16oz. On top of that they have a punch card you can use that makes your 9th or 10th juice free.get plugged in with this store through social media and email, it's worth it
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/6/2014,6,65,3,3,3>Brandon was a great server. Not over pushy or bothersome but always there when he was needed. The chicken pesto flatbread was delicious. I had the Lamb which was cooked perfectly my only suggestion which is just preference is maybe not so many peppers in the vegetable ratatouille. My boyfriend had the scallops and he loved them. He never orders ocean type for so that saying a lot. The risotto that came with his meal I was rather jealous of it was so delicious and paired perfect. Our drinks were very well balanced and nice. The atmosphere was not what I would have expected. Love all of the wood. And last but not least the piano player was pretty darn good, not hokey or all the same sounding. Overall I am very impressed with this restaurant and will share my experience with others. Thanks for having us!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/5/2014,44,240,4,8,7>Unquestionably 5 stars! I'm normally not one that likes to be bombarded by sales staff, but after I got in for 5-10 minutes, I just genuinely enjoyed talking to all of these super knowledgeable staff about all of the mind blowing array of products they will sell from their state of the art store. Yelp leadership killed it as always, the AT&T staffers were super friendly, and I finally got to try Green Central catering which was delicious. This is definitely one of the top 3 Elite events I've attended. Will keeps doing an amazing job as the leader of the troops here; I couldn't imagine another person making the Magic (City) happen!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,8/4/2014,18,53,6,7,3>This place has really good breakfast. I usually go to Salem's or Cosmo's brunch, but Over Easy has earned a spot in the rotation. Flavors are nice, dishes are creative, and the quality of ingredients is noteworthy (McEwen & Sons Grits, etc.)I had the pleasure of meeting the owner and his wife at Hot & Hot three or four months ago and they really won me over. Call ahead on the weekends, it's usually pretty busy.Edit:  I've noticed Over Easy getting some flack from other reviewers so I'd like to weigh in.  When ANYTHING - whether it's a restaurant, Tickle-Me Elmo, etc. - gets popular people fuck it up and then start complaining about it.  If you want to, or are thinking about, eating here you can save yourself a lot of time and trouble by getting there early with a small party (meaning by yourself or with one other person).  Given the size of the restaurant and the rabid "gastronomes" who have caught wind of a decent breakfast place, you're setting yourself up for failure if you don't plan before you go.Also, to anyone who isn't happy about the pricing: restaurants make the best margin off of brunch and breakfast service.  Think about it.  Eggs Benedict is two eggs, an English muffin, some sort of meat, and fortified mayonnaise.  And you pay +- $10.00 for it.  So before you mouth off about them sticking it in you, think about what you're actually paying for.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/3/2014,25,26,,2,1>Very good southern comfort food. Not the best decor but you once you taste the food you forget that quickly. If you want a good traditional southern meal with no fuss this is the place. Been here many times before and they are consistent with the food and quality! The lady's cooking and serving have been there since they opened and they are all warm and friendly and treat you like you are at home at moms table.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/2/2014,7,96,8,8,5>What the hell was I thinking? I've driven past this place zillions of times, never suspecting the loving goodness that waited inside for me. Yeah, it was a cheeseburger and fries. That's it. A lousy cheeseburger. And it took ten minutes to arrive at my table. But OMG, little did I realize that cheeseburger had been made with perfectionist hands. I mean, it was done with such care, such devotion, that they might have used calipers to ensure the lettuce was placed just so on the pattie. Mind you, if I had to compare this cheeseburger to Chez Fon Fon's, Frank Stitt's creation would win. But Frank Stitt would charge me a heckuva lot more. And the fries? Somewhere in Idaho, there's a potato farmer giving up agriculture forever because he will never, ever produce a potato that makes such sterling french fries ever again. All in all, a rapturous experience with a damned cheeseburger. Heck, maybe I was just really hungry. Maybe I just got there on the right day, when the chemistry, the conditions were just ideal. I dunno. But it definitely deserves scientific study in the form of about about two dozen more visits to be absolutely sure.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,8/1/2014,29,22,3,5,4>So good. I go here nearly every time I drive past on my way to or from Boulder Fields.The food is tasty and greasy like a hole-in-the-wall burger place should be. Relatively well priced, but if anything go by there since they've extended their hours to 7 pm. That way you can catch a sunset and dinner from Shades Crest even in the summer. The view is what makes this place special.When I bring friends here, they always can't believe they've never been before. Don't be that friend. Go and eat here and enjoy the view of the valley and the food from a small local restaurant in an old converted gas station.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,7/31/2014,7,15,3,4,3>I was a little nervous about this place, but after some friends convinced me into going, I'm glad I listened. The super friendly staff was so patient and helpful with my indecisiveness and pointed me in the direction of their (in)famous drink-- the Moscow Mule. Don't question it (unless some creeper brings it to you; then question it). Just drink it.  Until visiting this bar, the only thing I ever learned on a Saturday night was that preppy white men get a little racist when they drink (I found that out while hanging outback)  but here I learned SHUFFLE BOARD! They have very cozy seating and lots of room to relax. Overall this bar was a fun and memorable experience.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,7/30/2014,17,10,1,2,1>I chose to get the egg bowl today, and it was pretty good. For some reason I find the counter service hard to navigate: who takes my order? How do I pay? Will they tell me when the order is ready? Where should I stand while I wait? Once you get those items figured out, bagels are excellent and so is the signature roast coffee.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,7/29/2014,1,82,1,4,2>I decided to try this place in lieu of our standard Chinese at the Red Pearl down the road.  When I entered the room, I immediately liked the atmosphere.   Open room with nice seating, and very interesting clientele, with many Africans there.   The African decor was attractive.We were seated in a reasonable amount of time.  The servers are really nice and helpful, but aren't in a hurry.  They did take time to converse with customers.   It took a while to order, get food, get drink refills, and get our check.  It is a relaxed place.  My bill was a little messed up and I never got my samosas I originally ordered.The menu isn't particularly exotic, but was interesting.  I ended up having a fish dinner with "dirty" rice and cabbage on the side.  It was good but not excellent.   I was fascinated by some of the other selections and hope to go back to try them.  I hear some of the other dishes are more notable.The beers are reasonably priced.  And, to give you a sense of their relaxed attitudes, they close whenever they run out of customers, which can be well after midnight.  I hear they have had music shows go until late in the night, like 6AM before.  This could develop into quite a great hangout.I will return!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/28/2014,28,26,3,5,2>I love this place. i've grown up around baseball, so Regions Field immediately felt like home. It's in such a great location within Birmingham, & the view of the city skyline as the sun is starting to set is pretty insane.The food is pricey, but isn't food always pricey at sporting events? We still grabbed a few hot dogs & cheese fries, and double fisted a few Shiner Bocks because they have it on draft (among many other beers). If hot dogs aren't your thing don't worry, they do have a Dreamland BBQ stand. The seats are comfortable, you don't feel too cramped in with your neighbors, and the view of the field is great. If you don't want to sit in a seat, you can camp out on the grass in the outfield. All in all, I think it's a great experience for anyone. Just don't drink too many beers then go crazy in the gift shop.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,7/27/2014,62,78,5,7,5>Serious kudos go to Brian C for bringing Great Wall back to everyone on Yelp's attention.  Like Brian notes, this is the real deal based on my experience with various Chinese cuisines (albeit in major US cities, not actually in China).  Sally and I pigged out recently for lunch and we may have a new favorite (yes even over Red Pearl but not 100% yet). The Pan Fried Buns are fantastic and served with (black) Chinkiang Vinegar.  I made the mistake of opening one and perhaps it was slightly underdone but I have also learned sometimes to just eat my food and quit playing with it.  They are cooked for 25 minutes so it had to be done.  I also requested chili oil for dipping and they were happy to provide.  6 sizable buns for $8.  RP makes nothing like this. Next came a bunch of family style dishes split between the two of us.  Yes we had leftovers.  We ordered:1. Sautéed green beans.  These are excellent but lack the char one might find at RP.  However, they are served with plenty of ground meat so be forewarned (this is a common theme on "Vegetable" headers for lots of Chinese restaurants).   I loved them but would have liked a little more blackened skin.  $7.95 and a little larger in portion size than at RP.  2. Fried Squid with Salt & Pepper.  $12.95 but twice the size of the "salted crispy squid" at RP for $9.99.  These were pretty amazing but I do prefer them to be a little more salty a la RP, plus RP had more jalapenos and fried cilantro which is delicious.  3. Spicy chicken which is not on the online menu but is available and amazing.  The price was probably around $10.95 like the most expensive chicken dishes on the menu but this dish was fantastic.  Not quite as "ma la" or plain all out spicy as the version at RP (7.99) but definitely twice the size.  Plus sometimes the dish at RP gets ridiculously spicy.  4. Hot Spicy Fish Fillet with Tofu for $12.95.  This dish was good but we prefer the fried version at RP.  I wish RP's had silky tofu as well though.  You can't always get what you want. The waiter and perhaps the owner came by to say hello and ask how everything was plus really seemed cool with our baby sitting beside us for lunch telling us how she will grow up eating like us!  I believe she also said their new chef of 3 months is from Shanghai so will have to look into some Shanghai favorites (Lion's head meatballs for one, as I saw meatballs on the menu).  This was a lot of food but we also had a tab of about $62 before tip which is spendy for lunch.  We typically over order at RP too but leave for under $40.  Most of the time we have leftovers and we had a decent amount here even after stuffing ourselves.The most important thing to remember here is that we now have options in BHM.  RP covers the gamut while Mr. Chen's strong suit is Taiwanese. Great Wall may focus on Shanghai options but not entirely.  I also heard that the Black Pearl now has some more authentic dishes.  I, for one, welcome our new Chinese overlords and thank UAB.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/25/2014,13,7,4,6,5>Hotbox is a very well hidden food truck that provides some delicious food in the back of Parkside's courtyard. Me and my friend just so happened to run into it one night and shared some of their Shrimp potstickers. We both were taken back by how good they tasted. If your in Avondale and want to try something different; Go to Parkside, say "hi" to Brandon the Parkside cat, grab a drink and get some Hotbox. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/24/2014,48,263,1,3,1>This is probably my favorite location even though I eat at the Hoover/Hwy 31 S. store more frequently.  If you want consistent greatness, Jim 'n Nick's is the place to go.  It's all good, 'Q, sides, deserts, all of it. Service can be spotty but I can pretty much say that about any restaurant.  Everyone has their good days and their not so good days.  Overall, it's typically a good experience and the food can't be beat.  Prices have crept up through the years but they have everywhere I guess.  It'll cost about $50 to feed my family of 5.  Same as most "fast casual" places.  If you're in the minority that has not tried Jim 'n Nick's, go for it, you'll like it.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,7/23/2014,14,40,4,5,5>Moe's is a great little restaurant/bar. The deck out front is an awesome place to sit and have a drink or some food. Speaking of the food, they cook up some really good wings which I would recommend and the redneck nachos are also worth a mention. On weekdays-- 4:30 to 6:30 they have a happy hour with half priced food and alcohol is discounted too. Good deal. Otherwise, the food can be a little on the expensive side.Moe's is one of the better music venues I've been to in Birmingham. They get some really good bands. The stage area is terribly small, though. Not much room to work with.I know it's a chain, but Moe's really feels like a Birmingham establishment and it's one of my go to places for a night out.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,7/22/2014,8,36,4,4,2>This place is not much to look at, but the smoked chicken is delicious.  All my coworkers decided to go eat some bbq.  There are a lot of bbq restaurants to choose from in the bham area.  I was looking for one that would not be over priced and offer large portions.  Miss Myra's hit the spot.  This place is pretty much self serve, so if you are looking for someone to bring your food to you look elsewhere.  The majority of us had smoked chicken with baked beans and potato salad.  Which was all pretty good and filled us up.  One person at our table got regular bbq pork plate, but it looked stringy and not seasoned well.  I would highly recommend the smoked chicken which  is pretty much half a chicken.  The white bbq sauce went really well with the chicken.  I am still a die hard red sauce fan, but it did impress me. You will leave there smelling like bbq.  There is no way around that.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,7/21/2014,32,57,,2,2>Western has one of the finest wine selections in town. If you need to grab a bottle for a dinner party then you definitely need to stop by. There are other jewels about Western I enjoy. One, they have by far the nicest group of folks working there. I'm always greeted with a smile and rarely do I ever wait in line. Second, The produce is fresh and they have a great cheese selection. The meat just wants to jump in your cart (at least mine does). The cuts are fresh and delicious. As far as the decor, don't let the storefront fool you. Yes, it is a little dated but hey it's been a staple in Mountain Brook for a long time. The prices are a little higher than some of the other competitors but you get what you pay for. Let's face it... there are times when I LIKE having someone ask if they can assist me instead of giving me the blank stare. Western embodies customer service which seems to be rare in this day and time.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,7/20/2014,25,63,,2,1>They cut this thin crust pizza into the cutest little squares that make you feel like you're not eating much at all. It's good pizza, so before you know it, you've taken a dozen of those to the face in no time at all. I've even had it topped with anchovies (don't judge) and it was delicious. Bored waiting for your pizza to arrive? They've got all kinds of old-school video games in the back room. Great place to take the kids.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,7/19/2014,3,22,,2,1>The best Caesar salad in town. Good pastas, excellent sandwiches. I don't think of it as a pizza place and somehow, over years of eating here, I've never gotten a pizza, probably because I was looking for good inexpensive Italian. I've tried the tables outside and like them, as the only flaw to this joint is it sometimes seems a little too enclosed inside.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,7/18/2014,80,246,2,4,3>I've been a few times - for lunch, for drinks only, for dinner.  Each time there has been something a little bit off, but I've chalked that up to a new place working out the kinks. I think this is a great place to head to before or after an event at the BJCC.  Cool décor, interesting drink menu, lots of food options.  Servers are friendly too.  This is a great place to watch a game with friends - tons of huge tvs and booths for big groups.I can't figure out what the Southern is going to be in a year, but I'm okay with that.  It is walking a line between a cool local place and a place for convention goers/tourists.  Either way, I'm glad it's here and helping to revive Uptown!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/17/2014,15,21,2,8,3>My recent stylist who has been cutting my hair for 12 years decided to move to hawaii. Rather than take this personally, I asked for recommendations on where to go next. He recommended this barber shop in Mtn. Brook.I arrive and it's got a quaint feel to it.  It's late in the day and not too busy so there are a mix of old timers, youngsters, people getting cut, and people that obviously just stop by every day to shoot the shit.I get called to an open chair, and it looks to be someone too young to be working in an old time barber shop. I hesitate initially, wondering if someone with more experience should be cutting my hair.  Then I remember my first meeting with my  last hairstylist. I had the same thoughts because he was young, had spacers in his ears and was covered in tattoos when I first saw him. He turned out just great.  I also remembered that this young man in his somewhat counterculture attire probably has more similar tastes to me than anyone working in this barbershop and my ageism dissipates.As for the cut, he was very polite and softspoken and very knowledgeable about his craft. He asked questions about what I liked and made recommendations based on my cowlick and varying degrees of baldness across my scalp.I came away with the best first haircut anyone has ever given me. The neck shave with a razor was nice too. IMHO the haircuts are a bargain at 18$.My barber's name was Mark Shadix.  If you are looking for a new barber hit him up!P.S. It's cash or check only, but they are relaxed and will let you walk to the ATM after your cut if you need.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/16/2014,9,13,4,4,3>I'm only knocking off a star because I feel a little gluttonous every time I walk out of Mugshots. I just wish this place was around when I was in high school and could eat like a stone-cold champ with no remorse.The bun pretty much makes the whole deal, and it's so ubiquitous that you'll find the hawaiian roll cut up and used as dippy toast for pasta dishes. That's flippin resourceful!I like to think of myself as a connoisseur of Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches, and the Brisco Inferno is as good or better than Bob Baumhower's Royal Rooster (one person who reads this will be shocked). As a Vestavian (Vestavite?), I couldn't be happier about Mugshots being in the City Center.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/15/2014,16,101,,5,2>I returned to The Collins after a long hiatus thanks to Negroni Week and the promise of Negroni slushies.  I, admittedly, didn't expect much since my first encounter was so off-putting but I'm happy to say that my impressions of this place have changed for the better. While I did not give the food a second try (see my initial review), I was pleasantly surprised with the slushies - props to Steva for the inspired idea - and the updated decor/atmosphere. A phenomenal local band, The Violet Hour, was playing and the ambiance was really lovely. While wait times for the drinks were above average, the bar was packed and the quality of drinks was never compromised. I'll happily wait a few extra minutes for a drink at a packed bar knowing that the product I am getting is top-notch. Overall, I'm excited to return and have hope that my first experience was a rare off night.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2014,7/14/2014,35,61,2,3,3>This place, feels and sounds like a bar but offers food.  Location wise, it's a way off lakeshore heading to the industrial area.  I first learned of this place through some friends and other reviewers.  As I work at an operations center on lakeshore, this is the closest bar/restaurant to the center.  Looking around the crowd is a bit thin, which only means you'll receive quicker service.  Space wise, they have adequate seating and several pool tables.  If you're looking to take a break then this is a great place to stop and have a "beverage".  In all fairness though, the servers are very friendly and personable, but a little slow.  The food is very well prepared and the bar tender was very good at making recommendations.  Every time a new customer walked in the staffers were very prompt and greeted the guests cordially. One reason for the slowness I did observe was due to the constantly ringing phone.  I'm guessing they have take out?
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2014,7/13/2014,19,75,,13,1>Well, let's start with the positives.Came in on a Friday around 3pm, and we were one of two tables in the restaurant. The whole feel of the place is very eclectic-casual. The menu is not super extensive but it was hard to decide what I wanted, because I love to try new things! I ended up ordering the curry shrimp, hot, and the jerk wings (from the appetizer menu, but with my main meal). All of this was delicious! Definitely get the curry hot if you are a fan of spicy food - it cleaned out my sinuses real good. Also, since entrees come with a side, I ended up choosing mac and cheese (after I was told by the waitress that my initial choice, cornbread, would take 15 minutes to prepare and they had just put some in the oven). Now on to the not great stuff. While I was completely satisfied with my food, but my partner was not. He ordered the burger, which comes with grilled pineapple and jerk sauce. The burger that he received was very reminiscent of cafeteria burgers we ate while growing up - thin, crispy, and too chewy. The fries that came with tasted like the frozen kind you buy and bake in the oven at home. In short, this entree was not worth $8.We waited upwards of 15-20 minutes for our food to come out, and since I had been warned about the cornbread, I assumed this was an extensive wait time. Not only that, but at some point our waitress came out from the kitchen and asked us, "Oh, did they not bring your food yet?" when we were sitting with nothing in front of us but our drinks. Then, she brought our food out, which leads me to wonder why it was surprising our food hadn't been brought out when she was the one who would have done it? She was nice, but it's kind of unreasonable to not know that your only table hasn't gotten their food yet.The unfortunate ending to our meal was our waitress bringing our card back to say that their credit card machine had just gone down, and did we have another form of payment? Since our total was right at $30, the twenty dollar bill in my pocket didn't cut it. She then went to alert the manager, and another 15 minutes later they rebooted their system and we were able to pay. I feel like they have been open long enough to know the necessary steps to fix their credit card machine when it goes down. At least enough to say "It's going to be x minutes, would you like to wait or pay some other way?" Apparently the closest ATM is across Hwy 31 in another shopping mall, so it's to a huge inconvenience to the customer if they don't have cash. All in all, while our waitress was nice, and apologetic about the whole credit card deal, simple pleasantries can't make up for the rest of the experience. I might come back with a friend, but I unfortunately won't be able to drag my partner back here for round two.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/12/2014,113,225,,7,3>Love seeing our downtown alive and vibrant with happy Birminghamians!!Carrigan's is obviously a hit with the after-work drinkin crowd.  It's a great space to accommodate a lot of guests.  The menu is pub food for sure, but with a kick.  We had been told it was the new place to try, so we decided to bring along the munchkins and be adventurous.  While it worked out this time, we will make sure to leave them home from now on.  It wouldn't have been so bad if they hadn't raised the volume of the music so much after we had been there for 15 minutes.  Its a pub though...so I understand!We had the wings appetizer, YUM!  I had the burger...it was ok, but I'll probably hit up a burger joint next time I have a hankering.  Our friends ordered the famous corndog, but were not impressed!  I wish I had had a try so I could say whether I liked it or not.The table of men next to us had the right idea.  The six of them ordered a handful of the appetizers and shared them.  I wasn't that impressed with the entrees.  I would love to try the beet sliders when I make it back.Yeah Carrigan's--I hope you continue with great success!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2014,7/11/2014,24,83,3,5,4>I went to Silver Coin with my friend who is in the US for school, but he's from and is a citizen of India. He said this was the most authentic India food he'd had so far.We went on a Sunday and there was a buffet. I don't know if there's always a buffet, but there is on Sunday. I'm not usually a fan of buffet-style restaurants, but it was clean looking and it gave me a chance to try a lot of different Indian food. Everything that I tried was really good (albeit, spicy), but the funniest part of the meal was when the server came to clear our plates and asked where we were from. My husband and I said we were from 'here' and we pointed to our friend and he said he was from India. We asked if she was born in India, and she said, "No, I'm Mexican, I'm from Mexico." Straight face. No joke. We all got a good laugh out of that, and it just shows how much a melting pot our great city really is. I would definitely go back to Silver Coin, but my pallet may have to get more acquainted with the spicier foods first.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/10/2014,40,53,2,7,4>Some lovely ladies brought me here for a belated birthday dinner.  There were a few places around town that I had yet to try, and we all agreed El Barrio would be perfect for supper.  Of course there was a wait when we arrived, but we were seated well before the stated 30 min delay.  We ordered margaritas (also of course)  at the bar during our wait, and were not terribly hassled and kind of entertained by an outgoing, eccentric, mildly uppity couple.   I HAD to have the Spicy Margarita. Holy cow, it was deliciously kickin'.  Definitely a sipper instead of a chugger.  Apparently they've improved upon the recipe by infusing the tequila with peppers. It's not for the dainty, leaving an oh-so-right burn at the back of the throat.  We chose to have the chunky guacamole and queso fundido to begin our meal.  The guac was pretty darn good, but the queso was outstanding.  Plus, what's not fun about a big bowl of molten cheese, cilantro, and tequila!?  Even though the menu is relatively short and sweet, I was having a heck of a time deciding what to have.  All these enticing ingredient words were popping out from the page: pine nuts, pecans, carnitas, cotija, cilantro,  jicama slaw, bacon, sweet lime crema....finally, I settled on the Pork Enchipotlado (which I totally misspelled in my photo, please forgive me!).  This dish was simply amazing. Grilled pork tenderloin, white beans, mustard greens, apples, and pecans in the perfect amount of spicy broth. Each individual flavor could be singled out in a bite, and all mingled together in piquant goodness.  Our server was knowledgeable, and eager to guide us in making our meal choices. The atmosphere exuded bustling coolness.  I'm just sad that I'm late to the party and haven't been enjoying this trendy hot spot before now. I'll be back again and again.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/9/2014,243,43,2,7,3>One of my essential business where I not only purchase staple products like paper goods to fruits/ veggies-  but everything from electronics to wine and beer. Love the selection as it slightly changes by month... There are even Asian products like soy & teriyaki sauce/seasonings, wonton soup, egg rolls, fried rice... Only things missing are hard liquors since the Alabama laws don't allow for it. Oh did I mention TVs to cameras to office supplies are a bargain here? Suggestion- try to avoid this place on the weekend during the day- if can be like 280 during rush hour. Weekdays are great, evenings close to closing or right in the AM are the best times to go with less crowds.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,7/8/2014,2,17,,3,2>We love eating a Dave's!! We eat there once at least once a week. During the week they have a really great lunch buffet with lots of choices. Their high chairs are a bit outdated and pretty scary looking so we usually do not visit there with friends who have children that can not sit in a regular chair.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/7/2014,12,20,4,5,3>Holy smokes this page is madness. I've had Rocky's on speed dial so long I'd never seen their Yelp reviews until I was surfing around tonight looking for delivery options. I've been eating at Rocky's for 20 years now, and I love it! I prefer the pizzas and pastas over the sandwiches or ribs, but I can't remember if I like the wings or not. I use the specials on their website (but never order the boxer specials--too weird for me). The signature sauce is my favorite! It's an Arrabbiata sauce that's spicy and delicious. Definitely my favorite pizza delivery in 35205.P.S. to Rocky's: would definitely love to see a site update with online ordering in the next decade or so. Thanks!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,7/6/2014,56,54,3,8,3>Just moved into town a couple of months back and friend of mine suggested we hit up Eagles for some real Southern soul food.  Now this place did not disappoint.  This is your no frills, home cooked, tasty, hope you came with an appetite kind of place.  I had the oxtail, collard greens, and mac and cheese.  Every single thing was fantastic, especially the oxtail.  They also give you two pieces of corn bread that are probably some of the best I've ever had.  I had to literally take a nap after the meal.  Will be back because I gotta bring the wife.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/5/2014,54,30,2,4,3>One of my family's favorite place, for many years. To go is fun, tradition, and guaranteed good Southern(US)-and-also-Greek food. Standing in the cafeteria style line reminds me of being in a scene from Seinfeld. Because once you're up, you better be ready to order or else you're going to get some looks-that-kill and they're going to insist you hurry up. On the other hand, there's almost always a line and as long as you're respectful of everyone's time, they are super nice. I usually ask the gentlemen working behind the line what their favorites are among the ka-zillion items available, and I'm almost always pleased with their recommendations. But when they give you a recommendation, be ready to take it and GO on down the line to the next gentleman. The place has great food, nice wait staff, and a nostalgic atmosphere. Nothing fancy. But plenty of culture and experience. My great-grandparents liked this place, my grandparents, my parents, me and my sister, and now my nieces. Go... but be prepared to keep returning for generations like my family and I.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/6/2014,7/4/2014,54,28,3,6,4>Friendly staff, decent service, kinda expensive, but the biggest detractor was the clientele.  We came here to meet a friend and I wanted to leave before we even got in the door.  This place is like being at a frat party that you don't belong to.  Everyone was completely toasted and acting like a bunch of kids at their first house party.  I was stumbled into more than once while waiting for service at the bar. Visors galore.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,7/3/2014,36,80,3,6,4>World Market is a treat of a store if you've never been. The kind of store it is, literally is described by its name... It's a Market for all things worldwide!I feel there are 4 main sections to this store... Furniture, Home Decor, Food, Wine&Beer (with Seasonal as a bonus). I'm not big on shopping per se, but I do enjoy coming to this store. Always something a little fun going on. If you look carefully, for various items (food/candy, beer/wine, furniture) you will notice that you're provided with descriptions of what parts of the world items are from and some brief background on cultural things that are related. You're bound to learn something new!Also, take advantage of the rewards program called World Market Explorer. Rewards and extra coupons (and even free coffee)!! Why not be gifted if you're going to shop here anyway?! Only downsides if there are any would be the store layout... it can be kinda tight. Almost as if the store needs a little extra square footage. Also some things may be a bit pricey... depending on what your annual income is I suppose lol.All in all, great store for exotic "stuff"!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,7/2/2014,50,54,,5,3>Love the fact On Tap was willing to have a group of us for some free tastings during happy hour.  Have to admit...I'd never had fried ravioli before this event!  I will say, though, that even for hot dog lovers, I don't think the fried dogs appetizer was a good idea. I recommend On Tap mostly for their burgers since they switch them out weekly!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/30/2014,57,115,2,5,4>So first, the service here is top notch, everyone is smiling, attentive and they take very good care of the guests.Keep in mind this is a chain, with locations in 9 states.Pizza was good, sauce was not acidy. Meatball Parm sub was on good bread, however the meatballs seemed pre-made. Now a 4 star rating on a chain restaurant is very high praise and I would certainly eat here again.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2014,6/29/2014,32,82,4,6,5>There is no possible way that I can give a thrift store without a dressing room anymore than 3 stars. But, I still love the place.My attics, closets, barns, basements, outhouses and zombie shelters are all packed with useless clutter. I come here to Americas Thrift Store to add to my collection; there is still storage space in my refrigerator. On my hunt today I met many characters: a panda, real life Dora the explorer, tiny puppy, and a panhandler. I purchased a shirt that didn't fit, a shirt that smelled like the previous male owner, and a pair of pants that I may actually wear. I try on my clothes in the isles, but some articles of clothing are too difficult to change into without offending others.  Thrifting isn't shopping, it's an adventure. Americas Thrift Store is no exception. Just don't be surprised if some items don't fit and you never actually exchange them.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2014,6/28/2014,26,227,2,5,4>Visiting Saw's Soul Kitchen in Avondale is an experience to be certain! Crammed into the shell of an old barber shop (you can still see the painted sign fading into the exterior wall), this dive of a spot is focused on one thing and on doing that one thing well: cook up barbecue, burgers, and greens with delicious Southern flavor and flair. I got the Carolina burger based on the recommendation of other Yelpers, and the wife got a pork plate. Sadly, the burger was a bit underwhelming - by the time it came out to the sliver of shade we'd staked out on one of the picnic tables in the alley the burger was on the very well done end of the spectrum, and the bun was a puddle of condiments. The flavors were pretty good, but just not as outstanding as I'd hoped. I napped some of my better half's pork though, and that, as expected, was excellent. Nonetheless, I did enjoy the experience as a whole. It's a teeny tiny joint, so be prepared to get cozy with folks just to order and fill up your drink, but it's worth swinging by to grab a bite, even if you take it to Avondale Brewery next door or over to Avondale Park up the street a piece. I know I'll be back to give the pork & greens plate a shot, and perhaps even a reprise on the burger at some point.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/27/2014,42,38,2,4,4>For a musician, a good local music store that can take care of your instrument needs is a must and a necessity. This place has taken care of me for many years.There are two locations in town but I have frequented this location on Highway 280 the most mainly because I have developed a good relationship with the drum guy. I enjoy bringing him my business because he knows what I want and he always takes care of me. As far as selection goes they are always growing there inventory and anything they don't have on hand you can simply order.Please stop in some time and see the fine people here.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/26/2014,12,60,2,7,5>So happy this exists in Avondale! I tried a beer cocktail - King's Spring something... it was deliciously divine, and I don't even like beer (I know, what's wrong with me?)My brother tried the meatballs and said they were the best he's ever had. Pepperoni pizza was just perfect. Attentive, fast service. The seating can get wonky when it's super busy as the place is pretty small. We managed ok after waiting five or so minutes for a table and running to it before other groups did. No less than five stars though, because hey, they're doing what they can with the space. And the pizza is too good to complain.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/25/2014,90,70,2,6,4>I'm pretty sure that even if their coffee sucked (which it definitely does not) I would still give it 4 stars just for the decor alone. I want whoever decorated that place to come do my house. The tables, chairs, walls, and ceiling height are all perfect!Ok, so they have coffee too.... When I went I had the iced vanilla latte with an extra shot of espresso. It was very yummy, and, even though it was pretty crowded, my coffee didn't take long to make it into my hands. I will definitely be returning to try their food soon. Stay tuned for an updated review!!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,6/24/2014,37,133,2,4,3>Such a quaint nook perfect for coffee, tea, small breakfasts & creative paninis. The staff is so friendly. I ordered half chicken melt/half mediterranean(out of curiosity) and was charged a whole panini though I ordered two completely different halves. I love options & not being charged extra for stepping outta the box.  Total price is compatible with surrounding establishments...which is more than I'd like to pay for lunch overall, but who's complaining when there was nothing ro brown bag from home.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/23/2014,7,5,,7,1>Very impressed with this unique dining experience!  Food and drinks  were wonderful, service was fantastic and our server was very knowledgable!  I would recommend skipping lunch the day you go because this is truly a feast and meat lovers dream!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,6/22/2014,5,13,3,5,5>This place was awesome! My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken coconut soup which was great! It did have a high salt but it was flavorful. Our entrees consisted of the lamb. I was expecting 2 big lamb chops but we got 4-5 little ones with awesome sauce, cabbage, steamed rice, veggies, and mushrooms. The lamb was cooked to perfection! I would recommend and would definitely return!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/21/2014,1,18,2,3,2>Warmed up a January night! We walked into a silver beaded curtain entrance, no one came to seat us, so we sought a waiter out, minor glitch. French bistro atmosphere  with black and white decor, red touches, including red bags for your cheese purchases from cases in the rear of the restaurant. You can order a tasting of wine which is half a glass, which I did, in order to try more than one red. Under small plates, tried Rogue blue cheese chips with bacon and apple chutney--outstanding! Had the redfish special and asked for lentils as a side instead of potatoes--perfect.My husband's hanger steak special was fine he said. He thought the accompanying truffle fries were greasy, but I liked. Will definitely be back, we said!They have Thursday wine tastings 4-6 p
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,6/20/2014,8,11,2,3,2>Jefferson's is a treat hidden away in an old strip shopping center on Valleydale Road near I-65.  Their wing specials on Wednesdays and Sundays are very popular with the locals. The wings are meaty and well prepared in a variety of flavors (my favorites are the lemon pepper and hot-yaki). They have great burgers--the Jefferson burger with bacon, cheddar, and BBQ sauce being my favorite.  On Monday nights all burgers are $5.99 which is a steal!  Other menu items I recommend are the buffalo chicken sandwich or wrap and the BLT is probably one of the best in town.  I also highly recommend the fried pickles as an appetizer.  You can get a 1/2 order for $3.25 which will feed the table.  I'm not a big fan of the dinner plates, so I'd stick with the wings, burgers, salads, or sandwiches.  There are different beer specials most nights of the week and a nightly happy hour (which includes a killer margarita).  Servers are friendly and fast.  There are a ton of TVs around for the sports bar motif, so it's a great place to come watch a game or for the team to meet after a game!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,6/19/2014,41,54,3,6,4>Great atmosphere and beer/wine selection. Don't finish your wine? No sweat, they will cork it up and send it home with you. Great draft beer selection with the option to fill your growler up! In the heart of the Preserve, the "French Quarter" style décor on the patio, complete with vintage picnic tables and café lights, along with the family style pizza platters, make this a great place to take a group when the weather is nice out. Plenty of large family style tables indoors as well. The pizza is fresh and tasty. The only drawback is the limited menu. Salads and pastry deserts are the only options other than pizza. Staff is friendly and accommodating. It's worth it to give these guys a shot, maybe after a nice hike on the nearby Moss Rock trails!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2014,6/18/2014,49,40,3,6,5>This bar has a lot of potential, but it's just not quite there yet.  The band area is cool but the PA system is quite possibly the worst in town.  A birds nest of cables and audio snakes on the floor in front of the stage seems kinda dangerous also.  Nice bar side.  The bartender was great and she had a kickin mohawk too!  Hopefully they will put some time, money and knowledge into building a better PA in the future.  Historic Morris Avenue is such a beautiful place this could be a gem in the future
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/17/2014,203,99,1,6,2>I'm totally in love with the car garage meets retro arcade and pub fare/bar theme of Paramount! It's the perfect place to have a quick yummy bite to eat and drinks after a long work day. The staff is very courteous to patrons and helpful if you have questions about the food, drinks, or games. There are some unique drinks on the menu and a decent beer menu that includes a couple of local and state breweries (including Good People Brewing and Straight to Ale). Try the coffee cocktail if you are a caffeine addict like me! It's also a plus that the game room is a cool place to unwind for just 50 cent a go on most of the units. There's a beer bar, 2 basketball shooting cage units, a couple of retro arcade games (including Street Fighter and a handheld shooting game), fooseball table, skee ball, and 2 pool tables. My favorite feature is the stripped down decor of the bar. I'm a sucker for unique interiors and it has plenty of visual features to gaze at. It has exposed brick walls and metal fixtures along with hanging utility lights and stripped tire rims throughout the facility. Overall, I enjoyed my first visit and I look forward to my next one!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/16/2014,31,141,2,4,3>Ollie Irene is officially in my "must eat again again SOON" category. The husband and I put off our anniversary dinner due to the snowpocalypse of 2014, so by the time the weekend rolled around we were more than ready to have a great dining experience and that's certainly what we found at this restaurant.Since they don't take reservations and it was around 7 pm on a Friday night, I was nervous about our chances of getting a table within a few hours and I was a hungry woman on a culinary mission. Luckily for us, we only waited a few minutes for a seat. Although on a mission, once I looked at the menu I was stumped - everything sounded amazing. Thankfully, our server had great suggestions.I started with the "pickled rickey" cocktail, which is unlike any drink I've ever tasted. I'm not much of a gin person, and the pickled grape brine worried me, but this suggested libation was the best I've had in quite awhile. We were having trouble deciding between the pub fries and the boudin balls for an appetizer but our server let us in on a little secret - if you get the off the menu burger, it comes with those delicious hunks of potato fried in duck fat. The boudin balls were lightly fried and full of flavor, but the star of the show was my burger. Perfect amount of meat cooked to medium, topped with a slab of truffle butter, and served on a house made bun, combined with those amazing pub fries is absolute heaven in your mouth.But wait! It gets better! Again, our server recommended the sticky toffee pudding and it was the perfect ending to a spectacular meal. Not too big for two to share also. While a little pricey, this is a dining experience I would gladly pay for over and over again.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/15/2014,23,40,2,3,3>As the person in charge of our office recycling this place makes it a breeze. I can bring everything here from our toner, mounds of paper, cardboard, and electronics. Why does one office need 12 of the same cord?!? Parking is limited, but everyone is hustling so if its busy I use it as an excuse to stop by Urban Standard. Once you have a good spot some friendly gentlemen will help you unload all your what-nots and doo-dads. They get extra points for being impressed I loaded my car by myself.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/14/2014,4,30,3,4,2>Fast food not healthy food but good when you just want that kind of food. Come for happy hour 2-4 daily and enjoy 1/2,price drinks and slushes...may I recommend the cherry limeade?
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,6/13/2014,80,194,2,4,3>Ranch House has that family owned restaurant appeal to it. It's not as if the food is amazing or anything but it's darn good when you want something like a home cooked breakfast. I had the Loaded Hashbrowns which had chunks of ham, tomato, bell pepper, and onion. Also tons of melted cheese. It tasted exactly as I expected it to so I have no complaints at all. There is a Waffle House a stone's throw away so give this place a shot over the Awful Waffle sometime.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/12/2014,109,165,,8,3>It takes a lot to impress me these days, and I'm impressed with Octane. We love their coffee beans, lattes, bar drinks, baked treats.... This cafe is second only to The Red Cat Cafe. I am so glad that the Birmingham area has another unpretentious coffeehouse that's not stuck in the '90s, or trying to emulate another city.The bartenders are really chill; the atmosphere is modern, unique, and laid-back. Octane is much better than O'Henry's, which is a street over. This is a great locale to meet friends, or just chill. The food is fresh and the drinks are strong. Drink on!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,6/11/2014,31,56,3,5,3>We give Dr Crum 10 stars!  They are very timely, getting us to a private room very quickly so all of the sick children are not sitting together in the main waiting room for long. We love that they have separate entrances for sick and well children. They have done a great job coordinating with our son's specialists. The nurses are quick to return phone calls when we call with small questions or followup questions. The staff seems to do a good job being kind to our baby as well as educating us as parents. It is an older building with smaller exam rooms but I like that there are many exam rooms. There is a specialty pharmacy in the same building so getting scripts filled is a little easier.  Location is a little hard to find but once you find it, parking is easy.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,6/10/2014,5,16,2,3,2>Have been wanting to try this place out since we moved into Crestwood about a year ago. Quit frankly the name turned me off...sounds hokey. After a coworker told me for the 5th time to try it, I did. Took the wife to date night and a movie. Was NOT disappointed. Great overall experience. Good service. Very good rolls and very good sashimi.  Was surprised no Kirin...Sapporo only...did have some good Westbrook brews. Very good product at a very good price point. Will be back.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,6/9/2014,5,17,1,3,2>If you're looking for a great local eat this is the place. At such low prices you cant beat it. And you get such a bargain for the hotdog if you want another it wont eat a hole in your wallet to indulge yourself. The nicest people work there so strike up a conversation with them and see whats cookin at Gus's Hotdogs today.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,6/8/2014,73,6,,4,3>Over 1,200 acres of preserved green space within city limits!!! Fantastic trails with panoramic views of Jones Valley and Birmingham City skyline, not to mention historic mining sites scattered throughout...Be sure to stop by the Treetop Nature Center. A great place for kiddos to see wildlife and learn more about the great outdoors.Also tune in to their ongoing events calendar - all kinds of great happenings that guarantee fun for all ages! ruffnermountain.org
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,6/7/2014,3,14,3,4,2>This was truly a wonderful dining experience.  My wife and I expect quality service from nice restaurants and this one was spot on. The servers were prompt and polite which made the night enjoyable. The "by the glass" wine list was short but powerful and the martini was delicious. The appetizers were pretty large and very tasty and that rolled into the main course.  The iron steak and the duck were cooked perfectly and we managed to save room for two outrageous desserts. We will be back as often as our wallets will let us.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,6/6/2014,36,269,3,8,3>Had a great lunch experience here--love the food, decor, and convenient complimentary valet parking. Wish they would nix the counter ordering and let you order from your table, though. Line was stacking out of the door by 11:30 AM, in the rain. I had the Desi panini, which is basically a fancy BBQ sandwich. Pork was tender and sauced, pickled slaw was fresh and tangy (included jalepenos!), and the avocado crema rounded out the total package. I definitely will return to try the brisket sandwich--a coworker ordered one and I had order envy for sure.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/5/2014,48,43,2,6,4>My favorite local brewery.  I love the Pale Ale and the Coffee Oatmeal Stout.  This is also THE perfect hangout after a Barons game since it is so conveniently located across the street from Regions Field.  Garage doors open to an outdoor patio and it's fun to stand around inside drinking next to the tanks that make the beer.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/4/2014,15,138,3,5,3>You pretty much can't go wrong with giving local gifts to folks, especially when your friends do not dwell in the Ham or the Heart of Dixie.  Alabama Goods is stuffed full of items from either Birmingham or Alabama, perfect for presents either for yourself or for others.They've got your bases covered; I saw shirts, soaps, pottery, items made out of wood, jewelry, snacks, hot sauce, potholders, cards, stickers, and I'm probably forgetting a zillion other things.  And all at varying price points.  The chatty and nice lady working offered to help but I was content just browsing.  So much to see!  So don't be in a hurry when you venture into Alabama Goods.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,6/3/2014,35,180,2,4,2>Don't know if it's as good as it gets, but I was very happy with the service. I had a wisdom tooth come in sideways, and after 2 decades finally had to have it removed. Dr. Buck tried as he might to convince me to have general anesthesia to do it, but for a variety of reason, I opted for local anesthetic. He had to drill into the bone and break the tooth up into pieces, and he was very fast and I felt nothing at all. I think he gave me the worst case scenario in both the extraction and recovery time, but major pain was gone in a day and bad swelling only lasted 2 days, so I was satisfied with the result. He also asked that I return in a week for a follow up, no problems and no charge. I thought he way overplayed the pain aspect, but then again, maybe I am tougher than I look ;)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,6/2/2014,5,94,2,7,2>Our first visit was a Friday night. We waited 32 minutes for our food. The staff must have noticed the frequency in which I was checking my watch and the irritated look on my face. Shortly after our food arrived, the owner, Chubb, came over and introduced himself. He apologized for the excessive wait but explained everything was made fresh so a 15-20 minute wait should be expected on a busy night. He also gave us a card for two free meals if we came back to try them again.That night, I had the chicken tacos and my husband had the Chubba burger. My tacos were quite good. They were topped with a corn and black bean relish. The salsa that came on the side with the chips was smoky and thick. My husband gave the burger an "I would eat this again" stamp of approval. He is a huge burger snob so this is almost the best rating he would ever give. The french fries he had were hand cut and delicious. I don't know why so many places struggle with good french fries, but Chubb's delivers. Next to Bellini's, Chubb's are the second best in town.With two free meals in hand, and rave reviews from friends, we hoped that the slow service on our first visit was a fluke and went back the following week. I had the chicken tenders and my husband had the Chubb deluxe. Both were excellent. Chubb's is inexpensive and has really great food. The water has a strange taste so I would advise getting something else to drink. The wings that went by looked delicious. They don't offer dessert of any kind, which is unfortunate. They also don't offer beer, wine or a full bar. It's rather difficult to obtain a liquor license in Alabaster but I do wish they would try.Finally, I appreciate a business owner that is willing to accept responsibility for slow service. However, there is clearly and issue when you have a 32 minute ticket time. Even a 15-20 minute ticket time on a busy night will sink a restaurant faster than the Hindenburg. Food should be dropped within 90 seconds of ordering and delivered in 8-12 minutes. They may benefit from bringing in a restaurant consultant to help iron out the issues they are having. I hope that they do because the food is great.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2014,6/1/2014,837,503,2,5,1>I found this "iconic", "legendary","historical"..etc etc etc BBQ joint to be a solid 3 star experience....Average. The service was friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was nice. The food was fine...just nothing spectacular. Sorry, but I simply have no superlatives for Bob Sykes BBQ.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,5/31/2014,202,144,3,4,3>Yup!  Home Depot ... Is this review going to get ridiculed like the ones ppl post from fast food restaurants?  Now, before you judge my review-ability ... Let me just tell you a little secret: They have Christmas stuff here - and FOR A GOOD VALUE, I might add.This year, we decided to go light on the pcoketbook for Christmas decorations - And I found just about all I needed at my local HD.  They have fresh trees of a variety of sizes, wreaths, garland (two kinds), swags (yes - swags!), beautiful pine arrangements, and that's just the fresh stuff.  They also have a great assortment of ornaments, lights, tree stands, and other decorations.  My HD does carry the Martha Stewart brand, and some of those things are just cute as can be.  Who knew?!?  Before I get bent out of shape because I need JUST ONE MORE STRAND of lights for the tree and nobody has them - I'm going straight to the HD!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/30/2014,22,229,10,10,7>Unfortunately, I haven't made it to China yet, so I can't tell how legit this place is.Although, it totally fits my idea of a typical restaurant in China.Look, actually... don't look. Nothing looks nice and cute here. You are welcomed by a multitude of angry bull frogs begging you not to order any of their friends for dinner.The food was soo good! Like, not sophisticated good, but just genuinely good. We ordered dumplings, calamari, and broccoli and beef. Everything was really good and generous in quantity.At some point I saw a gentleman on the table next to ours with a plate full of little neck clams, I got envious and had to order that too. The best choice of the evening! First time I find in B'ham these very small little necks, my favorites.But if you prefer big clams in the front store they also sell some clams that are 7" wide, that you can use for cooking or eventually house guarding.I've been impressed by the service. For the first time ever I set in a Chinese restaurant and I haven't been treated as I was disturbing them with my presence; at some point I started supposing that being mean is a good way to show appreciation to their customers.Here it was a whole different story. Everyone was nice, smiling, and patient.Very recommended, but try to focus on the food only and skip analyzing the rest.Do not go there for a date
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/29/2014,44,240,,4,2>I think this is my second favorite thrift store overall experience in Birmingham.  They have a great staff that is very friendly and open to helping out.  They have pretty good options of stuff all around the store.  Check this place out for a good cause.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,5/28/2014,4,15,2,3,2>Went for a late lunch on a Saturday. It was pretty quiet but the server was very friendly and accommodating. I had a pizza and it was great. No skimping on the toppings & everything was fresh & good. The crust is thin but somewhat chewy, like NY pizza is supposed to be. Very good. There are sandwiches, calzones, pasta dishes and appetizers on the menu.They also had a nice beer selection with reasonable prices, some seating outside, lunch specials, & gluten free pizzas are available. I'll be going back.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,5/27/2014,1,8,2,3,2>I like Dave's a lot. When I first moved to the area, it was my go-to spot on the weekends. The music gets kind of loud, but the outdoor area is perfect for people-watching. Everyone that works here (Mud especially) is great. They'll have a conversation with you while making drinks, which I appreciate. If you go here more than twice, the doorman will definitely recognize you, which isn't the case at most of the bars in the area.Some of my friends don't enjoy Dave's so much, which I understand. The people that go here are pretty hipster. They aren't the most pleasant people to drink around sometimes. There's never a cover here, even when there's a live band. They also have a great beer selection and will let you bring in whatever food you want. I have a lot of good memories at Dave's and wish the place nothing but the best. PS: This place is DEAD on weekdays, which is part of its charm.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,5/26/2014,7,11,2,3,2>Hop City has an incredible selection of beer, wine and home-brew supplies. I've been visiting here for a couple of months now and started with one of their home-brew classes they offer. The instructor that taught it was incredibly knowledgable in the brewing process and I learned a lot while taking the class, plus it included a pint of beer to drink during the class. Lately, I've been visiting growler town since I purchased a growler there and have slowly been exploring the many beers on tap. All the staff are very helpful when it comes to selecting beer and the overall environment is really fun. Can't wait until my next visit.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,5/25/2014,1,82,2,4,3>Although one may feel that one is paying extra for the hippy atmosphere, I think the MM offers something needed in the Birmingham community.   It has real vegetarian options, tofu, fake cheese, hummus, etc.   I thought the pizzas were quite good and the outside seating was pleasant. I would like to visit it more often, but the price is prohibitive.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2014,5/24/2014,62,78,3,5,2>I'm so tired of the bland food at Sweet Tea and Niki's is a hike so I stopped by for my first visit at Fife's last week and was pleasantly surprised.  This is old school meat and three cafeteria style.  I had the country fried steak which was ok except the breading fell off due to the gravy.  But it was well prepared and actually seasoned unlike the meat dishes at Sweet Tea,  The mashed potatoes and gravy tasted reall and not like instant potato pearls but they could just be using the good kind.  Greens were collards not diced to hell and back which is awesome.  Also, the serving sizes are nearly Flinstone sized.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,5/23/2014,22,42,,4,2>I really wanted to love this place, and I really did like it, but it was just a little short of five stars. We went there on a Wednesday night with five other people, a total of seven people. We did not have to wait very long, which was great. The bread and olive oil to start was really good. We got the potato chips appetizer and the baked feta... Both were okay but nothing spectacular.Two of our group got the steak, and the steaks were very good. If you are eating with me, there is about 100% chance that we are going to share food, so I tried everything first hand.  The steaks were cooked perfectly. Another member of our group got the mac & cheese which was just like I like it, swimming in butter and various cheeses. One of the guys, the birthday boy, got the special of the evening which was a fish... I actually did not try it, but I did try his soup which was average. The salads that we got before the meal were very good, with a very vinegary vinaigrette. I got the farm egg pizza, and I give it an eight out of 10.After dinner: we got the peanut butter cake and the tiramisu. We had mentioned that it was one of our birthdays, and the restaurant decorated the tiramisu beautifully. See picture.. All in all the main restaurant is my preference but I would go back to the café again.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,5/22/2014,2,14,,3,2>We had no idea this little jewel was just around the corner. We have now eaten there twice. Great meat and three for lunch. Now I want to try their breakfast everyone is talking about. Clean, home cooked meal at reasonable prices. Next to Enterprise Car rental on 31 just south of Valleydale rd.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,5/21/2014,5,20,3,3,2>Some friends introduced me Cozumel. It is in the middle of a strip mall and I would have never noticed it otherwise.The portions were generous and delicious. I had a salad with shrimp on it, and there was around 10 shrimp on there. Much better than the typical 5. I also enjoyed the margaritas. So, food and service are good. However, I am taking a star away for the cigarette smell. My lungs were not happy.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,5/20/2014,15,7,,5,2>The food here was fantastic. We had the sampler platter with goat stew and grilled goat. The greens, rice, and flatbread were all very good. Goat stew was delicious. Samosas were a great appetizer. The service was attentive but appetizers took too long and almost came out with the main dish. Otherwise, very good all around.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/19/2014,28,26,2,7,4>This park is absolutely gorgeous. When I moved to Birmingham I really wasn't expecting a place like Railroad Park to exist- especially with it's location. There is so much green space, really cool water features, and some great views of the city. It's a great place to walk your dog because of the trails or bring your kiddos to play. They also offer various fitness classes in the evenings during the week. Im pretty sure they also have a little cafe that you can grab some food at to enjoy at the park, though I've ever eaten there myself (yet). I'm super impressed with this park.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/18/2014,1,11,4,6,3>I've been coming here since I was a kid, and I NEVER get tired of it!  When I was a kid, I loved the petting zoo, the stables, swimming at the lake, and rollerblading around the parking lots (back when that was a thing). Now I almost exclusively come for the hiking and geocaching, although I'm planning to camp here when the weather gets warmer.The day use fee is $3, and sometimes there is no gate attendant to take your money. If there is an "honor box", don't be a douche - put your money in the slot and know you are supporting an amazing area that many people will be able to enjoy for generations to come.  That $3 goes a long way!Must-sees along the well-marked trails are Peavine Falls and Maggie's Glen, though if you follow any of the well-marked trails you'll always find something amazing to catch your interest.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/17/2014,20,26,2,5,3>This is my favorite hiking spot in Birmingham.  My dog, McCartney, LOVES it here.  On a Saturday you will see dogs, families, and couples making their way though some trails.  It has never been too busy or congested that you feel like cant just enjoy the scenery.  There are streams, waterfalls, rocks for climbing, hills, and signs for easy maneuvering.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,5/16/2014,13,11,2,9,3>Let me start by saying, Cafe DuPont is the best meal I have had in Birmingham. If you are looking for a good date spot or a place to take your folks when they are in town, look no further.I went there with my girl friend and we started out with the fried oysters and okra. It was fantastic. Then she got the Sea Bass as her entree and it was delicious. I had a bone in pork chop that was hands down the best meal I have had in Birmingham, like I said earlier. The wait staff was knowledgeable and nice. They helped us pick out a great bottle of wine with the meal.If you are looking for an American classic style meal in a high end type restaurant, you've found it at Cafe Dupont.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/15/2014,7,4,2,10,4>Very good food and wonderful atmosphere.  My wonderful girlfriend and I decided to get out of Montgomery to try something new.  We are glad we found this place on here.  Very intimate setting with seating for only 24 people.  Big parties probably wouldn't work unless you make a reservation far in advance.  The wine selection is phenomenal and the staff is very knowledgable if your indecisive.  The portions a large and will allow you to have leftovers.  We already decided to come back as soon as time will allow us to.  Well worth the drive!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,5/14/2014,39,37,2,5,5>Great lunch if you're in the Greystone/Meadowbrook area. Quiet setting with a full bar and outdoor seating when the weather is nice. Food wise it's best to stay away from traditional Italian food. Go for a big salad, beef tips or even a pizza. Can't go wrong with any of the pizzas. Go down to Edgar's for dessert and get some strawberry pound cake.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,5/13/2014,2,28,2,4,3>Love Joe, the bartender. I am not usually a martini person, but joe makes a wonderful blood orange martini.  You MUST order the okra basket and you might want two. If the brussels sprouts are on the menu, you must try them. I didn't think I liked Brussels sprouts until I had them at "The Throw". Now I crave them. Yum!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/12/2014,5,67,2,5,4>I apologize up front that I have done a bit of editorializing in this review, but not much.We have been here half a dozen times and have never had a bad experience. We usually get pizza. The crust is really good and all the pizza ingredients seem fresh. The pasta is a solid bet, also.We have always had very good service, but we never go during busy times and certainly not on weekends. This place has a good selection of beer on draft, but the prices are high. Now, they are no higher than other places, but how did we get to the point of accepting $8.00 a glass beer? Area 41 also has a full bar and wine if you you do not care for beer.While this place is a tad small, the clientele makes the slight accommodations fine and it is usually pretty quiet. I have never been to Area 41, at least, when a stentorian patron or rude cell phone conversation sharer was present. You do not get the uncouth crowd here.Sales tax is only 5% so this is another restaurant to choose to protest the ridiculous 10% Birmingham sales tax.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/11/2014,80,246,2,5,3>while i have no plans to do my regular grocery shopping at v. richards, i do enjoy the cafe.  they have a variety of tasty lunch options and really great lattes.  prices are likely above average, but it's a cool environment and you have to love supporting a small business such as this.i'd like to return soon to enjoy breakfast/brunch on the cute outdoor patio.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/10/2014,34,23,3,7,4>LOVE, love, love this store.  The owners are hilarious and just as eclectic as the store itself.  You can't go in there expecting to find a certain item, but you'll probably come out with five things you never thought you'd HAVE to have.  There's always "new" merchandise every time I visit--if I come in and ask for something hockey related--which is hard to find in Birmingham--he has something.  It's awesome.  I could seriously spend hours (and I have...) in here. It's like Instagram was an actual place.  Haha!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/9/2014,9,13,5,7,4>I love the Trak Shak folks. They are practically family by now. I've bought every pair of running shoes there since Cross Country in High School (when it was actually in a house). Their regular Wednesday Night runs (5:30 at the curve) and involvement in so many local events is a testament to the fact that Val, Scott, Jeff, Tracy and crew love and support the Birmingham running community. That should speak for something. If you walk in the Trak Shak, take advantage of their expert customer service, and then go order shoes online, may God have mercy on your soul.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/8/2014,16,101,4,7,4>We biked here on a Sunday afternoon (2/23) and sat inside to enjoy a few beers. While the menu was, indeed, limited they've only had a 'soft' opening. All three beers that were available were delicious and fairly priced ($5). The building is basically a concrete box with good lighting (a nice advantage over GPBC) with sparse but pleasant decorations. I appreciated that they are featuring a local artist's ,Paul Whim, paintings as both custom pieces for the taproom and pieces for purchase. I can't imagine they'll be able to comfortable accommodate more than 100 people when full to the gills unless they are able to claim some of the yard space as a patio... so far, no beer is allowed outside, only in the enclosed courtyard. All in all, I think this place is really, really promising. A few more beers on tap, a bike rack outside, and a more appealing entrance/outside area will push this place into 5-star contention.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/7/2014,24,83,5,8,4>I could probably eat here 3 times a week. We ducked in here for a quick bite after a function around Christmastime. We aren't big drinkers, but we had heard great thing about it. I got the corndog, and it was to die for. I just loved the atmosphere and I would go back again and again just for that. The food isn't too shabby either.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,5/4/2014,49,51,3,6,5>Whether I'm there for a band, the bar, the food, or some obscure event being held, it's always a good time at Bottletree! As you might have heard, excellent vegetarian/vegan options -- actual MEALS, not just some fancy piece of lettuce. The beer selection is good, the prices are right, and really my only problem is my schedule, because I really want to try brunch here already!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,5/3/2014,26,155,2,5,3>Great facility with the slowest and least efficient concession stands known to man.  After having been to 3-4 games at the park, I have seen varying crowd sizes.  Despite the number of fans or workers behind the counter,  expect to wait at least one inning to get a soda and hotdog even if there are only 2-3 people in front of you.  I kid you not, the Barons have chosen to employ human sloths.  No exaggeration, it will take you infinitely longer than you ever expected humanly possible to be served.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/2/2014,40,53,2,7,4>I really wanted to try something new, and global street food is out of the Birmingham mainstream. I didn't quite gravitate toward something totally unfamiliar though. I know things that I like, and was eager to try them in a different variation. When I wasn't sure about a certain pairing, the nice lady behind the counter kindly made recommendations. I bet they have come to recognize the blank and/or confused stares of Tau Poco first-timers. Ultimately, the combo I settled on was tasty, and not something I could get just anywhere - exactly what I wanted. At almost $14 for a combo and a bottled drink, it's a little pricey for frequent lunching, but definitely a destination to treat yourself when you crave something out of the ordinary.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/1/2014,243,43,5,7,5>I've been here three times and each time- EVERYONE has been super friendly and welcoming.  Best part - I've been satisfied almost each each time. One time- I could still see #DuffytheChiweenie nose marks on the glass but they apologized and were quick to clean it. Excellent value- $49.99 per month for unlimited washes!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,4/29/2014,50,54,4,6,4>For being as small as this place is, it sure packs a punch as far as all-around quality. Our waiter, Mitchell, was very knowledgeable of the whole menu and the bartender knew the history of the drinks we ordered. Think I got a 5-min lesson on Sazeracs that I found very interesting. The 90 degree booth straight ahead in the opening room is the best vantage point!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/28/2014,82,452,3,6,4>Very cool place where the locals hang out. Don't expect an extensive beer selection, this is the kind of place you will be drinking bud light and aren't expected to complain about it. The countryside crowd was just having a good time here dancing and not worrying bout a thing. The crowd was mostly in the 40s and although music is playing, the atmosphere is pretty chill.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,4/27/2014,36,80,3,5,4>Love love love cosmos! I've been coming here for years and have always been pleased. The pizza is great and they have a solid host of different toppings (from zucchini to alligator sausage) broken out into categories of Regular, Gourmet and Super Fly!!The atmosphere is really chill and laid back, kinda has a retro diner feel a little bit. Found in 5-Points South, there's great covered outdoor seating (this area is also dog-friendly). If you're into this kinda thing, they even have a decked out Bloody Mary Bar.The pizza is always great, toppings don't matter... it's just good! I usually treat myself to a hearty calzone which depending on how much meat you get them to pack it with, should be left for consumption only by grown men lol! If you're into brunch, give that a shot as well... Respectable brunch menu too!All the good food only made even better by some of the most hospitable service you'll ever get! I've had lengthy conversations about anything at all with owners/managers/servers on various visits here. Everybody's always smiling and happy to help!5 Star Business!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,4/26/2014,54,28,2,6,3>Neighborhood favorite.  This place has good food, fast service, awesome selection of beers, and a great atmosphere.  Their prices are affordable.  Honestly, I think they deserve one dollar sign.  It gets crowded on weekends, but the vibe is always fun.  Their trivia is the most fun I've been to.  The physical challenges really bring the ruckus.  Would definitely recommend.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/25/2014,17,49,3,6,4>I've been here twice. Didn't care for it much the first time, but the second time was better. The blueberry pancakes with blueberry compote was very tasty. Good hazelnut coffee too. Classical music playing was nice & relaxing. So much better than the loud, obnoxious crap they play at most restaurants. Overall, it's defiantly a better place than IHop, but it's not a high end breakfast/brunch place either.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/24/2014,32,82,9,9,8>I would like to call this place a secret, but the crowds imply otherwise.Hospital night shift work downtown can be physically demanding. The frustration of finding a place at 8AM that one can restore caloric requirements while offering a spiritual oasis, can be even more challenging. Another Broken Egg is my getaway...Every dish is plated as if it were the product of something supernatural. The taste of it all corresponds to it's appearance in a positive linear fashion. It has been suggested that our expectations based on visual assessments of a dining establishment heavily effect our perception of food. The decor is pleasing and in no way distracting. In the morning, they grill a burger at my request without reservation. I find my self dispensing moderate amounts cash without any regret or hesitation. Breakfast of this quality simply cannot be found elsewhere in this area. I can argue that the clientele is distinctly mixed between the wealthy local community, the cubicle dwelling bougie middle class, and the undefined foodie community. Despite our social and political differences, we all stare at our plates asking "Did I really eat the bacon already?"
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/23/2014,1,10,3,7,5>Bogues is my place to go for a good southern style breakfast. Eggs, grits, biscuit, sausage, and a whole pot of coffee just for me. The long time staff are great at their job and full of charm. For people put off by this place when you came at their busiest time and you had a long wait, come back and try it on a day other than Saturday, it is much more laid back.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,4/22/2014,14,40,8,13,11>Pop's is easy to miss, it's not far from 'hole in the wall' status. I probably passed it by a hundred times before finally checking it out. Well, I was definitely missing out. They make a pretty damn good burger. And while I usually don't make a big deal about fries, it's worth noting here because Pop's might have the best around town. If you are in Five Points on a Saturday night and need some good drunk food, try Pop's. I imagine it's good sober eating also.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,4/21/2014,20,4,3,6,4>Without a doubt, the best cheeesteak in Birmingham. Fine-chopped and covered in white American on a steamed bun. Fries and a cold Grapico are the perfect fit. Only drawback to this place is the distance (about a 15-minute trip from downtown) and sometimes the wait can be tough during the lunch hour. It's made even tougher as you see and smell big cheesesteaks being brought to people all around you. One of my Top 10 places to eat in Birmingham.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,4/20/2014,7,13,3,6,5>The staff is super friendly. The pizza is fantastic (try the margherita-it is super thin and the basil on top is so fresh) and they have a nice wine selection. Great decor and ambience. I have been here twice since they opened and love love love! They got it right!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/19/2014,57,115,2,8,5>It's Deli Nirvana!!It's 3/10th of a mile from my office so I can walk there. Imagine having the best Pastrami, Corned beef and every other deli fare walking distance from your office.I am truly blessed and you are jealous!My first meal at Itzzy's was the hot pastrami on rye with swiss. (of course) The meat was cooked to perfection, sliced perfectly and served on soft rye bread while Frank Sinatra played in the background I sipped a Dr. Brown's Cream soda and slipped into Pastrami Paradise.Good deli is hard to find in Alabama and I am so happy to have it nearby.Beautiful job Steve wish you all the success the world has to offer.Make the trip you won't be sorry!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/18/2014,42,38,1,10,7>Located in the hip Avondale area this building used to be... that's right you guessed it, a post office. The price for a pie is right on point with what you would pay at any other "boutique" pizza place in B'ham. Since they are right next door to Avondale Brewery they only serve Avondale brews on tap which I can't complain about.I've only tried the Pepperoni Pizza but if the speciality pies are anything like this faithful standard then you are in for a treat. Nothing like a great thin crust pizza. I came away very impressed with this place. There are several great pizza joints in Birmingham so it can be hard to be unique. This place does everything right in my opinion. I plan on coming back.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,4/17/2014,37,133,4,8,4>What a nice surprise...a trail in the woods that has quite a bit of traffic in and out. This may not be one of the most talked about parks in town, but it is a nice one. I like the underdogs...parks included:) Great trail....not ideal for running, but hiking & brisk walking...awesome. Pet friendly (be sure to clean up after your pets however)- also family friendly for all ages. I would feel comfortable bringing my parents/in- laws to this trail to get away from the noise of the world and relax. Stay on the trail and rest assure that whenever the park is open, a park ranger will be on duty. Aside from hiking, this park has lots to offer.....so I guess we'll return for an adventure really soon. leading happy healthy lives
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,4/16/2014,90,70,5,7,7>So this was my first elite event, and, I must say, I was impressed. What's not to like? Free DELICIOUS food, free STRONG drinks, and free YELPTASTIC swag! All at one of my favorite bars in Birmingham. Without even considering the food and drink, the event was a success. I met so many fantastic people who I will definitely be hanging out with again. Also, I think it was really great that we had so many guests there to experience the party scene of an elite yelper! Big thanks to Will, Carrigan's, and Bulleit Bourbon for a night of fun!! The only thing more I have to say is, when is the next one?!?!?
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/15/2014,26,227,5,12,10>Two words: Out. Standing.If you want to experience what the crew behind Alabama Biscuit is up to, head over to Cahaba Heights around 9am on a Saturday morning, You'll have to queue up for a table, because the earthy/urban shop will be packed. While you wait in line, inhale deeply through your nose - smell that? That's the aroma of some of the best biscuits you haven't had yet, but you're going to experience them soon. Check out the classic menu board over on the wall, keep enjoying the aroma, and take in the repurposed decor (really cool tables). If you're with a group, get one of everything and trade bites around with your friends (if you're able to convince them to stop eating long enough to share). If you're by yourself, get one of everything and hoard it all. I mean, no, just go with the ham & cheese (my fav), the Alabama (brown sugar sauce and toasted pecans on a biscuit?? yes please!), or maybe just a plain, buttered biscuit. No worries, it's all good - really, literally ALL of it is good.Now that you've decided what to eat, you may progress to the comparatively easy decision of what to drink: coffee. Yes, there are other options - juices, tea, or even Virgil's sodas - but coffee is the route to take here. Right now Octane's beans are supplying the joe, which you can get as a plain-ol' drip coffee (with refills), a pour-over, a "Softbrew for two," or an espresso drink. The Softbrew is good, and a different process than any offered by the numerous other coffee-brewing shops in the area, but it is fairly pricey per-cup ($7.50 for a scant two cups). But hey, if you're getting breafkast (or lunch, that's good too) here, price point for this particular meal is a low-priority consideration - this is all about the experience! Anyway, I recommend the pour-over, but you can ask what beans they're brewing with (it can differ between the drip, pour-over, and espresso options) and pick your favorite.There might be a table open now - quick, grab it! Stake your spot out and sit back for a few minutes (you're still enjoying the aroma and decor, right?) to prepare yourself for THE experience.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,4/14/2014,61,39,5,8,5>After hearing that Dixie Fish was officially kicking off crawfish season, I knew it was time to finally try them out.  I can not resist crawfish.  Can't.The location and actual building size led me to think this place would be much more like a chain than it is.  The decor and beer list quickly changed my mind.  Don't get me wrong, it's a huge building that does a lot of volume, but is smothered with local flavor.The meal started with a cold Good People IPA, as every meal should.  It was necessary to help wash down the biggest bowls of spinach crab dip I'd ever seen.  This is the point when we should have invited over several tables to help us take it down.  It was that big.  Unlike the other things we tried, the dip didn't have as much flavor (or crab) as I was hoping for.On to the real reason we were here... The crawfish boil.  While I'll rarely turn down this crawling bottom feeder, I am particular as to which ones I love and want to go back for.  These definitely passed the test.  We shared four pounds of crawfish that came with corn, potatoes, sausage, and mushrooms.  Spicy, but not too spicy.  Flavorful, but not overly salty.  Sinful, indeed.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/13/2014,203,99,5,10,8>I love, love, love the J Clyde! This is one of my favorite place to eat dinner and enjoy craft beer on the weekend with my friends. I stop by frequently for the nice stateside and imported craft beer selection, delicious seasonal food offerings, old world pub/beer garden ambiance and consistent quality in customer service!Some of my favorite food picks include the following: fried green tomatoes, grit fritters, vegetable pesto pizza (that has crust made from Good People Brewing Company spent grains) lemon risotto, smoked trout, and the St. Patrick's Days salmon croquettes to name a few.A few of my favorite draught beer selections include the Avery The Reverend, Avondale Vanillaphant Porter, GPBC Fatso & Snakehandler, Straight to Ale Brother Joseph, and Stone Imperial Russian Stout. J Cyde is a go-to place for brew lovers and people who enjoy the pub atmosphere alike. Each local resident and visiting tourist should try it at least once because I doubt they will regret the stellar experience!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/12/2014,41,54,2,7,5>This place it top notch! Excellent, nice but not stuffy, vibe. The staff was crazy friendly and the haircut looks great. It was very affordable and the stylist was a real pro! The only drawback is five points street parking, so leave early enough to find a spot.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,4/11/2014,8,80,,6,4>A coworker and I tried this place today on lunch and all I can say is wow!The interior Hip and posh with a series of tables down the middle and booths on one side by the windows.  There's also the booth one side with chair on the back side in the very back and they have outside seating.  Some tables outside had umbrellas.  We ended up in a booth which was fairly large and the back of each goes to the ceiling, which makes it a lot more private and quiet.  The serviceOur server was extremely knowledgeable about the burgers.  He had a lot of suggestions.  You could tell he wasn't just making something up.  He kept our drinks filled.  The only issue I had was that it took almost half an hour for us to get the burgers.  The place wasn't even half full, so I'm not sure what the hold up was there.  Nothing bad to say about our server though - he was on top of things.The foodThis is where the wow factor comes in.  I had looked over the menu before going, so I had a rough idea of what I wanted to try.  At the server's suggestion, we both ordered "The trio" which is a slider type version of three of their most popular burgers (the rBQ, the Fried Chicken and The Butcher's Cut).  All three were exceptionally good.  They were cooked well and some of the most unique flavors I've ever experienced.  At the server's suggestion, I had pimento cheese added to the fried chicken sandwich.  It costs extra, but it's worth it.  That cheese is excellent!We also ordered the "prix fixe" for lunch that includes fries/sweet potato tots/caesar salad and a fountain drink or iced tea for the burger price plus $3.The fries were slightly on the greasy side, but they were still pretty good with sea salt and some herbs on top.  The onion rings were pretty good, but I didn't really care for the beer mustard, though my coworker loved it.The priceVery pricey.  The trio, plus the prix fixe, plus half the onion rings ended up being over $21 tax and all.  However, I believe it was worth the price.  It was unique and quite good.  Also very filling because the burgers and fries are so rich.  It's not a place I would visit frequently simply because of the price, but it's a great place for a once a month meeting with friends or a casual date.All in all, it was a great experience.  If you're in the area and you like burgers at all, definitely give it a try!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/10/2014,49,40,3,8,5>Don't know a lot about this business really, but it feels like a non profit.  The people there are so nice and seem to really be glad you are there.  You can donate a bicycle there and they will fix it up and put it back into general population!  You can also purchase refurbished bikes there too.  The prices seem more than extremely reasonable, and you feel good knowing you are recycling a bike!  I will definitely be going back to buy a bicycle ASAP!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,4/9/2014,89,327,,5,3>I love the torta with spicy pork at the taco truck in Huntsville so of course that's what I wanted to try here for comparison. I had my mind set that this wasn't going to be close especially since it was smaller for the $6 price.It definitely rivaled my beloved torta from Huntsville. They crisp up their bread and the chunks of pork were more meat and less fat unlike other 'authentic' Mexican places. The al pastor had a good flavor. LOVED the hot sauces, especially the green sauce which is always my favorite. I usually don't prefer the red sauce but theirs was good and I switched up the sauces with each bite. They had a lovely heat level which may be too much for some but I love some spice.I shouldn't be surprised that it was so good. I was there at nearly 2 pm for lunch and it was still really crowded. It surely lives up to all of the hype.TIPS:Take cash.The Yelp map shows it in the wrong location (closer to Wells Fargo). It's actually further west on West Valley Ave in the Texaco parking lot.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/8/2014,84,75,2,6,7>I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet, considering it is one of my favorite places in Birmingham!There is nothing that cheers me up more than a steel city pop. It is the perfect dessert in my opinion. Light, refreshing, tasty, sweet, and portion controlled. I have tried several flavors = coconut, coffee, peanut butter, pink peppercorn, buttermilk, caramel, avocado, chocolate peanut butter, pear, raspberry lemon, mango, strawberry balsamic and the list goes on! I have never been disappointed with any of the flavors I've gotten. But the buttermilk will always reign as my favorite! Highly recommend it!Other than the delicious pops, I love the interior and design of this place. I also give them 5 stars for customer service. If you are unsure of a flavor, they always offer to swap it out for a different flavor if you don't like it. That gives me the comfort to go outside the box sometimes.If you haven't gone to steel city pops, add it to your list of things to do ASAP!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/7/2014,31,141,4,8,6>The Bright Star has been a restaurant that I've visited throughout my years as a Birmingham native, and it has been consistently delicious. A mix between deep South traditional foods and Mediterranean flair, you'll more than likely be able to find something that will make your tummy happy.The fried snapper almondine is always cooked to perfection. For sides, get the greek salad (with anchovies) and whatever the vegetable of the day is. The last time I visited the Bright Star, they had a shrimp and grits dish on their lunch menu that was amazing. My one qualm with this place is that this tasty meal will set you back a pretty penny. Too bad it's so expensive for what it is, or else I would dine here more often.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,4/6/2014,23,40,2,6,3>The brunch lived up to the hype. I got the French toast and it was heavenly. Matt got the farm egg offering and was equally pleased. The staff was quick and attentive. We got super lucky and somehow came when there wasn't a wait. However this was  our second attempt to eat here. The first time the line was wrapped around inside. Not cool. I'm glad they are busy but wish I could depend on getting my sugary carbs swiftly.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,4/5/2014,19,75,3,9,4>I've been here twice this week! For a show last Sunday and for lunch today. So this review is kind of a long double-whammy. As a restaurant: I can already tell working so close to Iron City Grill is going to be my financial downfall. And good gravy is it already tempting enough to enjoy a beer on my lunch break without staring at their draft selection of local brews. The food is not meant to be shoveled down on a 30-minute lunch break. After a quick glance over the menu, you can tell the food is steeped in Southern ritual. But there are pinches of other cultures to be found, creating an original twist on old classics.I sat at the bar, and the waitstaff were super attentive (the place was not packed, though, so maybe they were just bored). Even the chef came out and asked me how my meal turned out. I chatted with him about who chose the menu selections, and he gave me a wonderfully detailed explanation as to where their food comes from (locally-sourced ingredients), and how he aims to change the menu up as often as every two weeks. He also mentioned that with these frequent menu changes, he was going to ensure that the proper online outlets (Yelp, Urbanspoon) would also be updated. You can't get anymore dedicated to your craft in the food business than that. I had the slow-roasted creekstone beef, which even the chef referred to as "a philly" and sweet potato waffle fries as a side. They even talked me into dessert because they had homemade pumpkin cheesecake and how am I supposed to say no to that?And I didn't try but, but blue crab and chorizo cheese dip! The mere fact that it exists! -- As a music venue: Iron City is like the middle ground between the indie haven but incredibly cramped Bottletree, and the classily spacious but sometimes pricey Workplay, with more lighting and ambiance than Zydeco could ever offer. I know there are more music venues in the city; those are just the places I tend to ended up in. I judge a music venue by how it operates when a show is sold out, and Iron City was surprisingly gentle on my nerves. - There is a separate patio for smoking, and it did fill it up became a little difficult to breathe, it's nice to have a dedicate spot besides "the sidewalk." - Getting a drink required some waiting, but it was NOT unreasonable considering the show was sold out (no more than ten minutes, but maybe I got lucky all night). Their drink prices aren't fantastic but I have seen and paid for much worse (especially at shows). - The bathrooms were not at all disgusting, and hell, there was more than five stalls in the ladies' room (and no line!!) - I'm not a sound technician but the show itself sounded amazing. There are more qualified people to comment on sound quality, though, so listen to them. - I am too old to try and weasel my way to the front but there was plenty of standing room around the lowered pit are. So yeah, I hope this place keeps on keepin' on. I might just end up being an irritating regular. :)
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,4/4/2014,80,194,3,6,5>I can't say enough about how amazing this event was. The bands that the organizers lined up was such a perfect amalgamation of genres that appeal to all ages that there was no way to fail.Add to the music a most excellent beer and wine tasting along with all the best of the local food truck scene and you have the perfect festival experience.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/3/2014,31,56,,6,4>Everything I have had here is good.  My favorite pizza is the Mexicali (which isnt on the menu anymore but I hear they will still make it for you) and my second favorite is the very veggie with pepperoni added.  My wife loves the wing and a prayer and the white shadow.  Dont think this place is JUST for pizzas either because the apps (esp the smoked wings), salads, and deserts are all great too.  I have had peach icecream (made in house) and the smores calzone, both of which are incredible!  Service is hit or miss, sometimes awesome but always at least decent.  The beer selection here is one of the best in town.  They have a lot of AL craft beers on draft and are proud of it.  Plenty of TV's for viewing the sporting events.  Great indoor and outdoor seating (some of which is enclosed and heated during the winter).  Ladies, if you grab a seat at the bar, hang your purse on one of the hooks under the bar.  Like them on Facebook to see the latest special dishes and special pricing.  Currently they are doing a great discount on Monday nights.  They throw a great party on ST PATRICK'S DAY with a special pizza to commemorate the saint and they throw a great anniversary party too.  Be on the lookout for those special events and more.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,4/2/2014,36,269,2,5,3>Every town needs a shotgun-style, cheap/greasy burger & dog hole in the wall (if ever in Roanoke, VA the 24-hour Texas Tavern is a can't miss). I was first introduced to Super Sam's with a breakfast sammich--it was good, but I don't know about drive 30 minutes out of the way good (coworker insisted, back in my pool cleaning days). Nonetheless, I'm glad he did, because from then on I knew Sam's would be there for me when I needed him and his greasy, cheap quick eats.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/1/2014,32,27,3,11,8>This place is FRESH! On my last visit I spied the latest from King Khan, Oh Sees, Sharon Jones, Dinosaur Jr, Charles Bradley, Superchunk, Jason Isbell. The other record stores in town will always have a place in my heart, but they have never been up to date with what is going on in current music wether it's punk, rock, indie or americana. This store is a breath of fresh air for this city! I predict them expanding to the point that they outgrow this space pretty quickly. Keep it up!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/31/2014,48,43,2,6,5>Really love the vanilla latte. Found out they make their own vanilla there.  Some gluten free snack options for those that are interested too.  Great book selection too.  I've gotten a few books for baby showers from the kids section and they will even wrap the books for you.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,3/30/2014,35,180,4,6,4>Visited this place around 10:30 AM because I was on the go and really, really needed a cup of coffee. Looking for something more than Hardee's I stumbled upon this place. I like good, reasonably strong, coffee that is good enough to drink without accouterments such as cream and sugar. There were plenty of people here at 10:30, meeting and using the wifi. Never having visited, nor known their offerings, the bearded man behind the counter offered me a taste test. Really, all I needed was high test coffee, but I appreciated the gesture. I know they roast their own, and the coffee was good, so I took a cup to go. I was in a really big hurry, so I didn't ask, and maybe someone knows, if they have a deal to fill my own travel coffee mug. I prefer not to waste paper cups if it's not necessary, and some coffee houses will fill a travel mug or thermos for a set price.Anyway, coffee is good, and kept me awake.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/29/2014,15,138,,5,6>5 stars just because our recently adopted healthy kitten from the Greater Birmingham Humane Society has poured liters of pure happy into our hearts.Sparkling, spacious facility with helpful and patient staff.It's $50 to adopt a kitten which is a steal since most shelters charge $100+ to adopt wee cats.  I have to admit that I wasn't too wild about the You Can Only Meet 3 Pets a Day policy since I don't live close by and have to schlep down Lakeshore, but oh well.  I know it's a rule that has reasoning behind it.  The whole process is reminiscent of a doctor's office and waiting room since in order to interact with the animals, you fill out a form and then sit in a private room until the pet arrives.  But the staff lets you spend as much time as you want getting to know the furballs, and they don't try to rush you into making quick decisions.  After all, you're going to be spending years and years with you new family member.  There's also a pet supply store on the premises, and the GBHS also has non-canine/feline pets.  There were rabbits, birds, and guinea pigs when I was there.Adopt!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/28/2014,12,60,6,9,6>Sigh. In my mind, Frank Stitt can't screw up. Really, he can't. I ate here for the first time for my birthday and it was an awesome choice.Went on a Saturday night around 6:30 and had about a 25 minute wait. No problem, just head over to the bar and order yourself a drink. Their wine list was extensive, though I did not partake and chose the 'Orange Thing' route instead, which was a great decision.At our table we had the burger, ham omelette & chicken thighs. Everyone was thoroughly satisfied with their dish. I gotta say, this IS the best burger in Birmingham. And it ranks as the #2 burger, ever, for me. That's saying something people.Since it was my birthday, my friends and I split a espresso-chocolate-something cake (I was on Orange Thing #3 by then, give me a break, I have no idea what it was called) and a complementary glass of wine. And I've not a single bad thing to say. My only issue is that it's less than a mile from my office, and I don't appreciate the constant temptation.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,3/27/2014,837,503,5,6,6>WowwieBazowie! I don't give a lot of 5 star reviews...But, this one is SO Legit!. I'm once again so grateful to fellow Yelpers for great info.My experience was " Yeah, what all of THEM said"!Dinner was outstanding. We were greeted at the door and got over the top wonderful service for our entire stay.And the food...OMG!!! We tried a little bit of several items off of the true "Mexican" part of the menu. All of them were so YUMMY. Chorizo Torta- great! Ceveche Tostadas- both fish and shrimp were DELISH, several tacos-El Pastor was so very good!We can't wait to go back for more and more and more...
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,3/26/2014,11,33,9,6,4>Let me get this out of the way first: the lady who (wo)mans the front counter is Birmingham's own Egg Drop Soup Nazi (EDSN) in the flesh.  If you call in to order, she barks a single word at you: "CHINA!"  After this, there's total silence.  The best is yet to come, though: after you finish ordering, she doesn't ask your name, she doesn't tell you how much it'll cost, she doesn't tell you how long it'll take.  She just hangs up on you AND REMEMBERS YOU BY THE SOUND OF YOUR VOICE when you come in still reeling from the shock of the encounter.  SHE.  IS.  AWESOME.She really does have some kind of eidetic memory -- or must have -- because I have personally witnessed her taking orders, wrapping other to-go orders, and cooking SIMULTANEOUSLY.  Oh, and she's incredibly friendly in-person.  And as for her food?  It's some of the best Chinese in the area.  It's not the best Chinese I've ever had -- not even close -- but it's very good for what it is.  My wife is absolutely addicted to their fried rice (any variety) and their dumplings.  I'm a huge fan of the Kung Pao Chicken.  DId I mention that I'm an even huger fan of EDSN?In summary, this is the first Chinese takeout place I've ever ordered from where the staff are a (much) larger attraction than the food.  And that's saying something, because the food's pretty good.  ALL HAIL EDSN!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,3/25/2014,202,144,5,7,6>They are what they say they are!  We've recently been trying to catch up with the modern ages here in Alabama with new brew pubs popping up in the city - Good People is one of those cool new places.  (I've even heard that we've been compared to Portland with our new beer-tude! )Definitely GOOD PEOPLE  here.   Very friendly, very helpful.  We walked in during off hours (mid day) to ask for their support of a charity event, and the guys were extremely nice, and genuinely willing to help out.  You can sample all their beers (even the Snakehandler, which seems hardly available) for between $5 and $7, depending on the alcohol level.  A little pricey in my opinion, but heh, we've got it available and that's what counts!And as with all hippie beer joints, you can challenge your buds to a game of cornhole out back. Why weren't places like this around when I lived downtown!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,3/24/2014,22,229,1,5,2>My expectation was not so great bcz of some comments I read, but I ended up being happy with the lunch I had there.Food was good and nicely served. You can tell they care about the layout of everything, from the food to the place.Wait staff is kind and friendly. At some point there was a waiter that looked coming to work right after a skateboard match. He really didn't look doing the right job, in the right place at the right time. Rather than that, everything was good.Give it a try
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/22/2014,44,240,2,6,3>I don't see how a grocery store could be made any nicer.  The layout and decoration is so fascinating, and of course all of their food and beverage options are top notch.  I rarely buy food from these most expensive grocery stores, but I will feel very proud of all purchase made here at this spot.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,3/21/2014,691,1142,3,8,4>It's gotten to the point that they call me "Hey Stranger" now. The employees have told me I've tried more on the menu than they have. They are most probably right. I'm waiting for the day that the incredible service finally snaps and tells me to stop coming here so often!Tomato Basil Soup: I've never had bad tomato basil soup so this was no exception.Ham and Brie Sandwich: Very small portions, which works if you aren't hungry in the first place. Leave the top bread off as it takes away from the flavors from the ham and brie.Farm Fresh Egg Sandwich: I'm a simple person who makes complicated orders so of course I asked for the yolk to be left out. The truffle oil was so good and was soaked nicely into the bread. When I left out two of the bread slices and ate them the following day, I didn't need any condiments to finish it.Bologna and Cheese Sandwich: It's really salty. Unless your blood pressure meets ADA guidelines, I'd try something else. The combination with the mustard gives this sandwich an interesting twist of salty flavor.I will be adding more to this as I keep going back.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/20/2014,23,330,,7,4>Must visit this place. Great atmosphere with authentic quality food. Their salsa is fresh and has just the right heat. Give it a shot; you will not be disappointing in anything you order.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/19/2014,62,78,,9,7>First and foremost: If you plan to eat, get there early (ie before 6 PM) and be aggressive when trying to secure a table. They only have seating for less than 50 diners at one time (like 4 six tops and 5-6 four tops). There are also a decent amount of bar seats and a few TVs (showing SEC bball this past Saturday night).  Anyway, the Trattoria and Bario folks are three for three with this new hip venue.  Service has been pretty good but when busy it can be hectic as the staff appears to perform double duties as both bar and table service. Look on their facebook page (full page, not mobile) for a copy of their menu. The Ploughman's platter had some of the best smoked fish dip and good pimento cheese plus plenty of olives.  A good starter. The arancini ('NOT-ZZARELLA STICKS") are easily the best version I have had in town.  I could eat ten of these and unlucky for my fellow diners, I think I have in the two times we've been over the last two weeks.  The split top (griddled) hot dog with bacon and candied jalapenos was one of the better dishes too.The poutine was pretty darn good although a little untraditional with chicken meat.  We ordered as a shared app. The grilled cheese was super rich and well, cheesy (what did you expect?).  Onion rings have a thick batter and are good. Surprisingly one of the biggest hits last weekend was the portabella sandwich.  Give is a shot.  Limited veggie options and this place is not for the super health conscious. The burger we tried was ok but nothing special and the "short rib" Philly.  Same with the boiled peanut "hummus."Beer selection was pretty good and they offer draft size options of 10 ounce, 20 ounces and maybe a pitcher with 37 ounces?   The beer prices were perhaps a little steeper than I expected but only by about $1/pint. The attached game room is neat but can be a little spendy at $.50 for Galaga. At first I thought the sign said $1/game and almost turned right around. Small bar in the game room too.  Overall, a grea addition to the area.  Welcome!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/18/2014,511,27,,7,5>The best in Birmingham , from a long time foodie, alway interesting and seasonal. If you are look for a 'no fuss' ,elegant place to eat. I can't think of a better place in town. Prices are comparable to MANY of the other fine dining places in town but worry not, you will not be disappointed if you are looking for a 'chef' driven restaurant.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,3/17/2014,1,82,2,5,3>On Saturday, I decided to visit St. George's festival with a friend.  I'm glad I did!The festival is very well run.  Plenty of food.  Clean.  Not fancy.  Fun.  One can pay by credit card.   Inviting people.  A sense of their culture.I got the vegetarian plate, which was about $9.  It had two large spinach "pies", rice, salad, hummus, and cooked beans.  All was tasty and pretty filling.  My friend had the "Nile", which is about $16 and enough for two meals.  It contains a good portion of meat.   We also got two deserts, which were heavenly.  Fresh, soft, semi-sweet, pastry-like, etc.  EXCELLENT DESERTS!!!  Oh, I had their coffee.  Seemed good and reminded me of Turkish coffee.Afterwards, I had an excellent guided tour of the church.  Like Greek orthodox, but Catholic. Highly recommended for an outing with family.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,3/16/2014,32,61,5,8,6>Highlands Bar & Grill.... I don't think food gets any better than this!  This was an out-of-this-world fantastic meal experience!!My friend and I had reservations for 8:45.  We arrived at 8:30 and sat at the bar until our table was ready at exactly 8:44!  The attentive service we received was top-of-the-line.  It was almost as if the server was there only for us (and the restaurant was full).  He explained each menu item fully and went above and beyond in answering the questions we had.In looking at the menu my friend and I both decided to step outside of our comfort zone because nothing really stood out to either of us - PLEASE DO NOT LET THIS STOP YOU FROM DINING AT THIS RESTAURANT!!I decided on the braised short rib with mashed potatoes, carrots and brussel sprouts.  My friend dined on the grilled New Zealand venison over a bed of collards.Let me just say my rib was so fork tender... I never needed my knife.  The brussel sprouts were hands down the best I have ever tasted too!My friends venison (something I am not typically a fan of) was absolutely delicious!!  I wouldn't hesitate to order this on my next dining experience at Highlands.We shared a grit cake... and I know you probably think "it's a grit cake... it can't be that different or that much better than any other place," but let me tell you - DO NOT pass this dish up!!  The grit cake alone is worth returning to the restaurant for!!  It is true, as my friend noted in his review, the dessert was somewhat lacking... but I cannot fault the restaurant for this.  Not after the meal that preceded the dessert.Since moving to Birmingham I have been looking for that "it"restaurant, and I am happy to say, I've found it!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,3/15/2014,16,94,2,5,3>Very good! Pizza was fantastic, along with the Alfredo, Wild Mushroom Tortellini, and the Vodka Penne. Portions were filling, great variety, and worth the money. We ate in the wine room behind the more formal dining room, which was lovely, although crowded so you better get there early.Food was a while in prep, but our server was excellent! Although the bread was very good, it wasn't fresh, which was slightly disappointing.Mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes were also worth trying.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/14/2014,16,16,3,5,4>This was the first time eating here for my husband and I. It was suggested by a friend that has been. The waitress was really nice and fast. We got stuffed grape leaves (first time). They were surprisingly good. Very distinct taste. We would get them again. My husband got the gyro special with fries. The sauce was different cause we were expecting the tazaki sauce. It was really good though and the lamb was good as well. I got the gyro lunch special that came with hummus, pitas, and a side- I picked tabouli. I think I'd rather have a small side of that instead of a large portion and have a Greek salad instead. But I just topped a pita off with lamb, hummus, and tabouli with a piece of onion. All together, it was a great lunch. We definitely will be back.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,3/13/2014,111,13,4,6,6>Aloft is a sexy hotel. Its rooms and lounge are hip. The decor is modern, but not assuming. The outdoor space is cozy with seating good for an intimate conversation or networking after work. I regret that I don't check out this place more often.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,3/12/2014,29,22,1,5,3>I like this little place as a late night stop for food and time with friends. The baked potatoes are so good and filling. The patio is a great place to relax with a small fountain and lots of seating. Try this alternative to the Purple Onion.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,3/9/2014,4,20,2,6,5>Nice surprise dining at Ragtime Cafe tonight! Love the patio dining with fans keeping it cool. Super friendly clientele and servers.  Food was exactly what you would expect and beyond.  After all, it is a strip mall! Excellent job on the grilled grouper.  Truly could not ask for better value and the service extended to our dog; unparalleled!! We will return with puppy in tow.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,3/8/2014,109,11,3,10,4>This cute place is located in Pepper Place along side some other great establishments.  We went in for dinner last night and were super excited to give it a try.  Unfortunately when we arrived the AC was not working so the restaurant was a sauna.  Literally it was over 90 degrees with the heat from the kitchen.  We elected to sit on the patio which was still pleasant.  Our server was super friendly and knew the menu well.  We decided to let her bring us a sampling of the best from the menu.  Always fun way to try a new place with an interesting menu.   The food did not disappoint.   High quality items well prepared.  Impressive wine list.  A thunderstorm mid-meal did run us back into the sauna, but we made the best of it and still had a pleasant time.  I will return to Vittoria Macelleria and hopefully will update my review to five stars.  The only thing I think they could have done differently is opening without AC.  I would have closed instead of putting guests and the staff through a meal service in that kind of heat.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,3/7/2014,5,4,3,6,4>I am living in Birmingham for the summer, and I had a hankering for some soul food/meat and threes. Once I realized that the Irondale Cafe was the basis for The WhistleStop Cafe and Fried Green Tomatoes, I figured I would give it a shot. If nothing else, I could at least say I've been there! I ordered fried chicken, corn, mac and cheese, fried green tomatoes, cornbread, cookies and cream pie and sweet tea. The fried chicken was cooked perfectly, and I enjoyed the corn and mac and cheese very much. I am not a fan of fried green tomatoes (but how can you not order them there?) but I found the ones at Irondale Cafe to be alright. The cornbread was not my favorite, but it wasn't bad either. For someone with a sweet tooth, I have to say the pie was my favorite. It wasn't too sweet or too heavy, and it's made with Bud's Best Cookies. I got out of the restaurant for about $15, and It was worth the money. There was a man working the register that checked on me a few times and refilled my tea regularly, and the cook also checked with me on how I was enjoying my meal. For a place where you go through a cafeteria line, the service was nice.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/6/2014,28,26,6,13,7>Having recently moved from austin to Birmingham, I knew I needed to find a great new hair stylist.  I took to Yelp and came across Studio 21. Since they have great reviews, I decided to give it a shot. I gave them a call and was able to get in for an appointment first thing the next  morning. Upon telling them my hair type and what I was wanting (a touch up on my ombré) they booked me an appointment with Nik, saying he is really great at doing ombre's. I can't say enough good things about nick and the salon as a whole. Everybody is friendly and attentive and Nik is seriously a hair God. He explained everything he was doing along the way and asked me a lot of questions to make sure everything would work for my hair type, how I style it, and the products that I use. I'm extremely picky when it comes to my hair and he went above and beyond my expectations and my hair looks so great.  Not to mention he gave me one of the best shampoos and blow outs I've gotten from a salon. I will definitely be returning and I'd highly recommend giving Studio 21 a shot if you're needing some color done on your hair.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/5/2014,18,53,5,8,6>This place is the bomb. It really opened my eyes to how great Indian food can taste. I can never remember what I order until I look at the menu again but the depth of flavor always astounds me. Belly dancing wha whaaaa?! Awesome.  The guy who runs the cash register (owner?) is hilarious.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/4/2014,15,13,4,5,4>You know is good when you see Indian people going to their own restaurant. Food was very good and very authentic. They do serve in foam plates and disposable plastic utensils, but it is very good. We had the Chana Masala and chicken korma and they were both very good. They also had other dishes we had never seen anywhere else. Including some traditional street food. We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/3/2014,9,13,3,8,4>Much has already been said about Saws, but it is my hope that the afterlife tastes, smells and feels something like this place. Just about every time I go there I drop $15 on lunch, but a more rational person could get by for $10. Everything I've ordered for has been scrum-diddly-umptious: Wings, Pork & Greens, Sweet Tea Chicken, Pork Sandwich, Burgers, and you can "Carolina" anything - I shall love it.-Chappy
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,3/2/2014,1,22,1,6,3>This is such a delightful gem in Bluff Park.  We have been there twice.The first time was for a concert.  It was so intimate that we felt the singer was singing just for us.  We brought our own cooler and the table next to us offered to share as well.  I wasn't sure about the "bring your own cooler" idea but really is nice not to spend all our money on expensive drinks and blends in perfectly with the concept.  The atmosphere is warm and friendly.  Be sure to check their calendar so you can catch an artist before they hit big.  You will certainly be able to catch a few artists and can say "I saw them when..." The second time at Moonlight was when we hosted a reunion party.  Keith and Malcolm could not have been more accommodating and helpful.  My only fear was parking, but as small as the lot is, in the evening the other tenants are gone, as well as the restaurant across the street.  Parking was not a problem, even for our party of over 100 guests.  The price is very affordable if you need a venue.  We were expecting around 70, but our party was over 100 and there was plenty of space.One year later and my classmates still remark about how great that party was.And the sunset over the bluffs are spectacular.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,3/1/2014,43,13,3,5,5>Hands down the best golf value in the Birmingham area. A scenic setting and a very walkable course (and a walker-friendly one at that). Improvements to the green complexes in recent years have made a big difference in modernizing the track. There might be nicer golf courses out there, but for what you pay to play Oak Mtn., it's awfully hard to beat.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,2/28/2014,16,101,1,4,3>On point, all the time. This place has fantastic food (until late night!) and the best cocktails in town. Incredible prices on the food (high quality, delicious, inventive) and very fair prices on the cocktails given their creative construction and top-shelf ingredients. Don't be intimidated by the crowd... so worth it.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/27/2014,40,53,3,5,4>Remember those commercials with the catchy "everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, Everybody goes to Milo's" jingle? Yeah, that's pretty much the truth. Took me a decade or so to embrace that brown sauce, but now I'm no longer a hater. Simple menu, so you can't really say anything along the lines of "it's so hard to decide!"  But that's one of many things that Milo's does right. And they put the FAST in "fast food" - in and out of the drive-thru in a jiffy. A lunch staple.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,2/26/2014,7,11,1,8,4>I've only been to Charlemagne Records twice but have enjoyed both of my visits there. Charlemagne is a very quaint store with a large selection of records, dvds, cds, cassette tapes, posters and much more. Although, the store is quite small and somewhat cramped, I feel as if this just adds to the character of it. Also, they are usually playing some really fun music whenever I've been.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,2/25/2014,15,21,1,7,2>I recently used this company the first time. I had a deluxe wash and wax.  The owner set up a time and contacted me before the appointment to let me know exactly what time he would arrive. He uses a generator and water tanks so he came to my office (in a strip mall) and washed and waxed my car out back. The car looked great and he offered me a discount because I work in the social services/nonprofit industry.  He was professional and knowledgeable. I will definitely use this company again.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/24/2014,243,43,1,7,3>Met up with 9 friends Saturday evening - 3rd night opened. Service was incredibly friendly- mixed drinks were RIGHT on & the selection of beverages were awesome!!!! We for there after the kitchen closed but will definitely be back to sample the dishes that sound so delicious!!The environment was energizing - mix of music that got us all singing along at one point or another as well as decor was rocking stimulating. Check out the ceiling with cool light fixtures to the textured wallpaper... Can't wait until the weather warms up so the "wall" opens up!!! Excellent place for a gathering of friends to a place that is comfortable to hang out just by oneself.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,2/23/2014,16,31,1,5,4>This place is awesome.  I have been here five times and have been satisfied each time. Students do client services but the owner and main instructor is always close by to double check the students work.  She is very good pointing out errors and having them fix it. So far I have had 3 regular manicures and 1 gel manicure.  The classic manicures are awesome and very inexpensive and worth every sent.  They students are very thourough!  I gave it four stars only do to the gel manicures being the same price as the regular nail shops.  However, with that being said they do a better job and the gel lasts longer than the noramal nail salon.The spa pedicures are the crowning jewel of this establishment!  It comes with so much feet and leg treatments, so many you need to view the website to get the full list.  Talk about pampering, it is total bliss.  With this service you will not be disappointed.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,2/22/2014,13,14,,3,2>I can't believe there aren't more raving reviews on this office! The location, the facilities, the doctors and the staff all deserve the highest ratings! From the moment you arrive, you feel welcomed. The facilities are beautifully decorated with dimmed lighting, and everything kept in order and clean. Staff will make sure all of your questions are answered thoroughly, whether it's a question about insurance coverage, or tinkering with how well your glasses fit. The doctors are the types of doctors we all hope for. Drs. Day and Day (husband and wife) are very amicable, approachable, and take their time to ensure you receive optimal care. They answer all of your questions and even ask about you in general. They take their time...this is something you just don't find very easily now days! If you live in another area of time, I guarantee you will not regret the commute to this location.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,2/21/2014,50,54,4,6,7>This was awesome for being only a $5 donation!  Slice represented from Lakeview (my fav in the area so far), there was adult Jenga and cornhole, Good People beer...good recipe for a fun Sunday evening. Definitely look forward to the next Yelp event
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,2/19/2014,6,6,3,7,4>We have been taking our pets here since we moved into the area 8 years again. Dr. Friddle and Dr. Frederick are thorough and excellent veterinarians. The staff is very friendly and professional. We never have a problem getting in to see either vet. The one downside is that they are a little pricier than our previous vet but not enough to make us look for another clinic.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,2/18/2014,82,452,,4,3>Tecate is a notch above most of the mexican restaurants I've been to. The ambiance is very well crafted, if you notice walls have some nice tile framed mirrors and works of art, traditional mexican decor. The service was excellent. Chips also come with complimentary queso, again a break from the typical mexican restaurant. The prices are very reasonable given the location, so I would unquestionably return.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/17/2014,10,11,2,4,4>Myself, my daughter and her husband went here for my daughter's 23rd Birthday dinner (which was actually more of a late lunch). I work across the street from this store but have never eaten there. We went on a Saturday so the regular day lunch crowd was not there.  The place was clean and the service was quick and courteous. We started with the hummus with pita chips. It was delicious! The chips were fresh and crispy and the hummus was smooth and creamy. My only complaint is we could have had a larger serving of hummus :) I had the grilled salmon with basmati rice and greek salad. The salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection! The rice was seasoned perfectly. The salad was fresh and tasty. It was my first time eating feta cheese and I loved it! My daughter and her husband both had the lamb and skordalia gyro with roasted new potatoes. I didn't taste theirs as I don't like lamb but they both raved about it.  We loved the kalamata olives....they were delicious, salty and briny...we could have eaten a whole bowl of them. I don't eat lunch out very often but I think now I might grab a work buddy every once in a while and walk over to Taziki's for lunch :) One suggestion: they have free wifi but require you to go ask for the password. We decided it wasn't worth the effort. The password should be given to you when you pay for your food IMO.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/16/2014,36,80,2,5,4>Had a great time at my first yelp event! Luckily the Mrs is Elite (I'm working on it) and happy we got to take part! Food was great, drinks were great and everybody attending was super cool (especially Will ;-) . Look forward to more events in the coming months!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,2/15/2014,49,51,2,5,3>I can't believe I'm giving 5 stars to a dentist, but in all honesty, the people here earn it!  I was so hesitant to try a "new" dentist in Birmingham, being that I'm sort of from a small town and was, for lack of a better term, robbed by the first dentist I went to after moving here (seriously, as in, they ran bizarre, expensive tests without my permission, claimed I had cavities where I didn't, ooof.. the list goes on...)  But I heard from several reliable people that Dr. Daniel and his staff were genuine and professional, and they absolutely were!  It also helps that they're in a really convenient location, with an open office area that doesn't feel, or smell, like a typical dentist office.Everything about the visits has been pleasant (yes, that's the word I meant to use!).  The receptionist is genuinely welcoming and helpful, and each hygienist has been careful and almost hilariously complimentary -- a very welcome change to the awkward conversationalist mouth-bleeders from the past.  I've never felt so relaxed having my teeth meticulously cleaned and examined, and this is all without the special sedation they're known for providing!  They've really perfected that blend of professionalism and engaged personalities, without trying to sell me on anything or making me feel like I couldn't ask questions when I had them.  Almost makes me look forward to going back for my next cleaning, and definitely makes me not worried about going back for anything!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,2/14/2014,32,9,,4,3>We had an amazing meal. Service impeccable. Great wine list. I had the veal chop and my date had the filet. Both excellent good to perfection. Portions acceptable as well.  Sunday night was the perfect time to go.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,2/13/2014,33,59,,5,4>My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night in 2009. It was a wonderful night! We had so much fun in this breathtaking hotel!My husband checked in our stuff that day with no problems. We were able to walk into our room right after the wedding in my gown and his tux with no fuss. Loved it!We might stay there on our five-year-anniversary, which is next year! Thanks Ross Bridge!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,2/12/2014,26,155,,3,1>Brookwood Village is a smaller mall nestled between Mountain Brook and Homewood.  The exterior is lovely, parking is a mixture of indoor and outdoor and the surrounding property is filled with great restaurants and retailers like DFW, Target and Fresh Market.  It's a super convenient, easy in and out place for shopping.The shops in the mall are a respectable selection of larger retailers; Macys and Belk, smaller athletic and clothing retailers and a pretty typical food court.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,2/9/2014,90,70,3,5,4>Awesome food. Awesome trivia. Awesome staff. It has it all. The only complaint I have is that seating is a little limited, so get there early! Their burgers are the best in town! And I love that they sponsor an event every year for children's hospital :)
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/8/2014,37,133,2,4,3>I love GT cafe! I've only been a few times for lunch, but I've enjoyed the same dish each time I go. Its a perfect lunch date with a cool co worker and its in walking distance to other cool options if your group isn't interested in vegetarian.  Its also one of those quaint getaway from the madness spot....where no-one of interest will find you.I enjoy the golden stack like a complex dish. It's just a bed of brown rice, black beans, tomatoes (& I don't even like tomatoes), mozz cheese, topped with dollops of both sour cream & guac! Perfect equation of YUM! Its so fantastic. I've even tried to make this dish at home-its close enough when I've got sour cream. Though there are specials per day of the week, I keep going back to my trusty dish. One day, I'll get the balls to try something new. For me its priced fairly especially for lunch where you have the option to get a half or full size dish. Its fresh, healthy & you feel so great after eating it-this is how food should be devoured!Anyhow-the market is pretty cool if you're into that stuff. I've gone back for the agave gummy bears-its good stuff.  You should give it a try. Its a cizy corner spot full of nice/hip/helpful people. The customer service if anything is the one thing that will keep you coming back!Happy vegan/vegetarian eats
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,2/7/2014,57,115,1,6,4>Been in Birmingham for two years.FINALLY!!Found the best pizza in the area. The quest has ended.Over two years of sampling conveyor belt pizza,pizza made on pre-formed dough, with sauce from a can...ughTHIS IS NOT THAT PLACE!They have the right ovens, the right dough, the right cheese. Oh Pizza Gods thanks for bringing MAFIAoZA's to Birmingham!!I have suffered so, pizzas cut into postage stamp size squares. UGH!!Pizza with burnt cheese oh Lord!! MAFIAoZA's pizza is as close to any pizza you could get in New York.They use Bakers Pride deck ovens, heated to 600+ degrees with the right cheese.Soft thin crust rescues me from the garbage that is passed off as pizza in this town.Lightly charred crust, oh how I have missed you!!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/6/2014,26,227,3,6,4>Dave's is a homey little spot in SoHo to grab pizza with some friends. There's ample patio space around the establishment, and during pretty days most of the inside of the restaurant is open to the fresh air as well! Dave's bakes up a variety of standard and specialty pies and calzones, and the option to create something completely from scratch is also offered. The wife and I took new-to-town friends by and every pizza that hit the table was devoured and enjoyed! They have whole wheat crust available, and they serve bottled Abita root beer, which is arguably one of the best root beers made.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/5/2014,203,99,4,7,4>Black Market Bar is special gem in the city. It's a bit quirky, divey, and feels like home to me. The decor is a mixture of comic book nerd, grungy rock & roll, and the creation of someone's interior design sense that has ADD. There's always a cool view of something or someone. The staff is nice, drink and beer selection are cheap and good, the food is actually pretty good despite my initial questions about sanitary standards in the kitchen, and the crowd is always interesting. The servers are good at suggesting new drinks or beers and will even bring samples to you if your unsure of what to try. There are also plenty of options on the menu for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. I love the Black Market veggie burger with sweet potato fries! If you haven't been to BMB, stop by for a drink and meal because you will enjoy yourself. The interesting and sometimes comedic people watching opportunity on crowded nights is also a plus ;)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/4/2014,8,80,4,5,4>One word - kolaches.  For those who don't know what they are... it's basically a homemade Hot Pocket.  A very soft bread filled with cheese and ham or a sausage link (more like hot dog sausage, not breakfast sausage).  They are YUMMY!Their donuts are pretty good, too, but they are NOT Krispy Kreme.  They are less sugary and feel a bit more dense - not as airy as the KK donuts.  They have a large selection from chocolate covered to custard filled to cake.  As someone who really likes Krispy Kreme, I can say these take a bit of adjusting to, but they are good all the same.Definitely give them a try if you're in the area!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,2/3/2014,41,54,3,5,3>I like to work out. I mostly like to work out because I want to look good, and because I LOVE to eat. This is where Taziki's comes in. I can have a delicious meal here, and most everything on the menu leaves me feeling pretty guilt free-like I didn't just undo what I did at the gym. On top of that, it is delicious and very reasonably priced. I really like how you place your order at the counter and fix our own drink, but your meal is brought to you and cleaned up by wait staff. This is perfect for a quick meal on a date or a business lunch when you want something nice and tasty but want to keep it efficient(yes some dates call for a quick meal. get over it). With locations all over the Birmingham area, Taziki's is a great choice for lunch or dinner.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/2/2014,49,40,,6,2>We just met the Reyes!  The most wonderful family. It's our new go to place to eat!  So friendly and the pizza was AWESOME!!!!  Can't wait to go back
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,2/1/2014,11,39,,6,4>Four stars because studying here was hard. Concentration level dips with loudness and imminent tempting presence of alcohol. For what it is, though, this place is cool-- the concept of a coffee shop/ bar is kind of a college students dream. This place has the best chai latte I've ever had!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,1/31/2014,89,327,3,6,3>I think this has definitely become one of the best places to eat in the Gardendale area. (not that there's a lot of competition). It's really the only sit down restaurant my husband and I would make an effort to come to in this part of town.The food comes out FAST and has been excellent every time we've gone. It's not just premade either because I've usually customized my order. It's always come out right. Bdubs really does a great job making sure their food is full of flavor, that's unusual for a chain.Recommendations: These are delish!-Wings! We prefer boneless with medium sauce and they are pretty hunky, chunky pieces of white meat and the sauce is fairly spicy. You get to choose your own sauce, choose wisely and make sure you don't go too low on the menu because they do get HOT.-Screamin' Nacho Burger:two grilled slammer patties, Chipotle BBQ seasoning, corn tortilla chips, pepper jack cheese, jalapeños, pico-de gallo and a drizzle of southwestern ranch dressing. The tortilla chips on the burger are a great, crunchy addition.-Pepper Jack Steak Wrap: seasoned steak, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, pico de gallo and southwestern ranch dressing in a flour tortilla. Served with chips and salsa. The steak was so tender. I love that I can get a whole wheat wrap as well.-Naked Tenders: grilled chicken tenders served with your favorite sauce or dry seasoning. Love it when I can get tenders grilled instead of fried. The staff is still pretty inexperienced and a little immature. We've had one excellent server but he was older than the average staff. One boy we had on our most recent trip couldn't quit flirting with the young hostesses to notice that we needed anything, and we were seated right behind the hostess table!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/30/2014,84,75,,14,8>Yum yum yum! Love this place and can't wait to go back and try out other biscuits and their coffee! I had the pecan, goat cheese, and honey biscuit and it was absolutely delicious. It was the perfect proportion of cheese to biscuit with the sweetness of honey and the crunch of the pecans. The biscuit was delicious even on its own. I love everything goat cheese but this biscuit was truly perfect. My friend got the ham and cheese and loved it as well.Portions are appropriate and I can see how some would say the price is a little high for a biscuit, but it is worth it because of the quality of the ingredients. Plus it still ends up much cheaper than a lot of other breakfast places in Birmingham.The staff was very helpful and friendly. Small space but we were able to get a seat after we ordered on a busy Saturday morning!!Go try them out ASAP, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,1/29/2014,31,141,,6,4>I popped into Freshfully recently looking for an alternative to my usual lunch and found much more than a lunch destination! This grocery store in the heart of the Avondale area has locally made crafts including t-shirts, tea towels, baskets, and more as well as local fruits, vegetables, meats, and other food products. I've read about their vegetable boxes that are available for pick up in several locations around Birmingham, and now that I've actually been to Freshfully, I will definitely be ordering one soon!The Alabama turkey club that I order was perfectly put together and I loved that it was still warm and toasted by the time I got to my volunteer gig. I'm not lying when I say that it was the freshest sandwich I've ever tasted! The two girls working were very nice and patient despite the little rush of patrons while I was there.I can't wait to come back sometime soon and purchase local ingredients as well as have another sandwich!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,1/28/2014,80,194,5,6,6>This place takes the cake when it comes to the classic meat & three cafeteria set up. They have excellent meatloaf, chicken n dumplings, pork chops, and fried chicken. Their southern style veggies are top notch as well.You many want to attempt to be somewhat health consciousness but I implore you do not skip on the pies. They are a must.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/27/2014,19,75,3,4,4>Paper airplanes hang from the ceiling. The booths look new and practically untouched. The wall behind the bar serves as a fantastic tribute: periodic table of elements (or well known icons ) of Birmingham. Someone put a lot of thought into this place and I congratulate that. But, personally, I don't like drinking around dudes in expensive suits, and I feel more "at home" in a dive bar situation. As fancy as this place seems when you walk in, it wasn't totally pretentious! I mean, you can't shake a stick at a $4 whiskey ginger (with well whiskey of course). That being said, if sitting in a bar with hyper-hip decorations, bar stools without back support, and a standoffish bartender is a situation that doesn't bother you, by all means, give this place a shot. I'll clear a spot for you as I slither back to Stillwater.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/26/2014,113,225,4,5,4>I love Annie's maternity classes.  She mixes up her routine and gives me a nice stretch after my cardio workouts.  Last Friday, my husband joined me for the maternity massage and yoga workshop with Annie and Adrian.  Love it.  I love that my husband supported me and came out for something he wouldn't typically do.  A&A taught us some great partner yoga and massage techniques to assist through my pregnancy.  I slept better after this two hour class than I have in weeks!  There were two other couples in the class with us, so it was a very comfortable space and we all received some personal massage time from A&A.  Even better:Adrian throws in a 30 minute pregnancy massage to schedule later.  Can't wait!  I highly recommend this class.  Ladies, don't make excuses for your husbands not wanting to attend.  Gentleman, support your baby momma!!  Surprise and impress her by taking her on a date to this class.  I promise, you won't regret it!!!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,1/25/2014,36,269,2,5,3>Best quality cuts of meat around, and the deli sandwiches are what you picture when you think "deli"--huge, piled up meat served quickly. The bonus is that you get quantity AND quality at Mr. P's, all with the awesome service of a family-run business in the tight-knit Bluff Park community. Oh, and Mr. P's just got better--they're selling draft beer to go now.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,1/24/2014,4,19,10,14,5>If you want to trade your body in for a new model, run- don't walk- to your nearest Pure Barre Studio.I'll cut to the chase and sum up this intense insanity with these colloquialisms:*It hurts so good...&*You get what you pay for.Dismiss any preconceived notions you have about standing at a ballet barre for an hour of anaerobic stretching.Ha! NOT so.This is an ultra demanding 50 minutes of isometric strengthening, stretching, and balancing, which promises radical results after a scant 10 classes...and it delivers them.Or rather, YOU deliver them.Positives:1.Due to the fact that you use either very light weight, or your own body weight, there is almost zero chance of injury.2.There is no question that consistency WILL yield dramatic results.3.The instructors are truly helpful, and "hands on", always assuring that you are performing the exercises correctly.They also exude a positive and encouraging "energy" that is powerfully motivating.4.The first class is free!.....which brings me to the negatives.Negatives:1.The first class has to be free, or you'd never grace the door of the place. The per class price is $23. They do offer package deals- but even then...well, wow-you couldn't be on a restricted budget and be a Pure Barre addict.2.This is a very demanding workout, and almost imposible as an "entry level" class, it would be helpful id they offered some of those.3.While the actual "necessary apparel" is really rather minimal (Clothing you can move and stretch in, and socks- no shoes, even)...there is this, sort of "snooty" unwritten code among the the PURE, Pure Barre people, that requires you are clad in LuLuLemon from head to toe.... which is the segway for my final negative-4.The vast majority of the participants carry that nose in the air.. "I can afford Pure Barre, I know it, and I'm worth it" attitude, which is pretty off putting to me, and pretty intimidating to a girl who is in sweatpants and 30 lbs overweight.*While I'm past the kiddo stage, if you're not- there is no nursery- so on top of the spendy class- you're going to need to pay a babysitter- too.That's the 411. Try a free class, and if you can afford it- buy a package and head to LuLu...OR, ask for some classes for your birthday, be a rebel- and show up in some Wal- mart sweats and a Hanes t- shirt!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,1/23/2014,40,55,2,5,1>After seeing this place on Bizarre Foods America, I had to check it out.  It is definitely fantastic.  While I didn't grow up on soul or southern food being a Yankee, I have developed a great appreciation for it.  While this place is down the street from the much, much bigger Niki's West, Eagle's offers their food in a much more down-home, no-frills, non-gentrified environment which I like.  And you can basically get out Eagle's spending $4-5 less than at Niki's.  I've been about a dozen times, so far and have had everything from the neck bones seen on TV, meatloaf, baked chicken, and beef stew.  The meatloaf and neckbones are my favorite dishes on the menu.  The mac & cheese and collards are outstanding.  Check their website before you go as the menu changes daily and get there early; once they run out of something, they're out.  Open for lunch only.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/22/2014,61,39,4,5,6>This has been my favorite Yelp event yet!  Yelp teamed up with InstagramBham to create a scavenger hunt that led Yelpers around town to local businesses gems like Faith Skate, What's on 2nd, Good People, Vulcan Park, Church Street and ended with a party at Freshfully.  Freshfully lived up to their name with some incredibly fresh and tasty snacks.  They had homemade salsa and chips, pimento cheese and BLT's.  I'm still swooning over those swine-filled sammiches.  The BLT's were made with thick-cut Conecuh bacon, local Alabama tomatoes and lettuce, and a thin slathering of mayo.  Oh. My. Goodness... I could have eaten the whole tray, but didn't want to turn into a piggy myself.  Instead I just bought some of the bacon and tomatoes to take home with me so I could indulge at home.  We washed all that down with some hoppy refreshments from Avondale.  Can't wait for the next one.  Hope to see you there!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/21/2014,15,138,4,9,4>You know something is special when you can't get it out of your mind four days later, and you've been raving about said item to many a friend and coworker.Now I sorta wish I'd never tried Dreamcakes only because then I wouldn't be fixated on those cups o' heaven.  My pal LB has always been raving about DC's treats, but I'd never been by the store when it was open.  This past Saturday, I actually passed by when the shop wasn't closed, so I decided to pop in for some hostess gifts.One minor quibble is that there are too many flavors to pick from.  When there are billions of options, I get overwhelmed and spend too much time weighing my options.  The Dreamcakes website lists around 100 cupcake flavors which they do not carry all of at one time, but whoa.  Some interesting choices, like Grapico.The nice woman who assisted me answered my questions and didn't get all huffy when I took my sweet time selecting my treats.  I eventually ended up with Simply Strawberry and Cinnamon Roll.  Yum and then some.  The cake portion was soft and moist, and the frosting was just right: smooth, buttery, and not airy and sickeningly sweet.Thankfully I do not live superclose to Dreamcakes or I would be in serious trouble.  Lightyears better than the infamous Magnolia!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,1/20/2014,48,43,1,9,10>Great new record shop with a great mix of local and national acts on vinyl.  There's a pinball machine in the corner and some cassettes for sale too. Go check it out and support local.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,1/19/2014,14,40,2,5,2>Without a doubt one of the best restaurants in B'ham at the moment. El Barrio has a lot going for it -- excellent food, a really cool, artsy atmosphere, unique location over in the loft district, and the prices aren't bad considering all the quality you are getting.Word of warning, this place is popping. All the time. I try to get there no later than 6 to secure a table without a 45 min to hour wait. There are community tables, but the wait for those can be just as long as the private ones. Sometimes eating at the bar is a viable option, however the last time I went, this huge group of women were perching there for over half an hour while they waited for their table. They weren't ordering from the bar, mind you. Just sitting there with their one drink, taking up seating for folks that might want to just save time and just eat at the counter. Anyway, like I said, get there early to avoid situations such as this.I thought I hated guacamole before I tried El Barrio's. I fucking love their guacamole. As for the rest of the food, I haven't been disappointed with anything I've tried. I love mexican-style eats and the quality you get here is exceptional for what you'll pay. Oh yeah, the margaritas aren't too shabby either.Do yourself a solid and go to El Barrio soon.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,1/18/2014,12,60,3,4,3>This is just my kind of place. I'm a burger and cocktail nut, and I've got a soft spot for mod, contemporary decor and pretty presentation. Flip is a winner in these categories.During my visit, I got a citrus-y cocktail and the Butcher's Cut - bleu cheese, onions, red wine jam - SO GOOD! The fries are great too. I didn't try a milkshake, but on my next visit, I look forward to trying the Nutella + mashmallow.Chic, trendy and great food. Just my style. Can't wait to go back.I give 4 stars because our waiter was a little too flirty - and my friend and I were NOT reciprocating. He just gave me an icky feeling. Won't stop me from going back though, as I'm sure he's probably not working there anymore.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,1/17/2014,202,144,6,11,9>There are so many wonderful options at our "real" farmer's market.  Things you've never really even thought of cooking with - like cactus, for example.  Actually, that's not a joke.  Everyone can tell by reading just about every third review of mine that I am a HUGE mexican food fanatic.  So I go to Finley Avenue for two things - fresh veggies and fruit that I am going to "put up" ... and mexican cooking food and veggies.Now, don't get me wrong, I am more than happy to support the farmers at Pepper Place or at the MT Laurel Farmers markets, but the prices are very different.  In comparison, I can get a box of tomatoes from the hip farmer's markets for about $25.  At The Alabama Farmer's Market (on Finely Ave), I can pay just $16 a box - they come from Sand Mountain.  Bet I don't spend $9 in gas to get there!  For pretty much everything I put up, I found this variance in price.And for cooking, I can find just about every pepper that I use in the  mexican dishes I prepare at home (the ones I can only get fresh in the likes of New Mexico or in Mexico), as well as specialty spices (like epazote and mexican oregano, and certain dried chili).  There are plenty of farmers who sell out of the back of their vehicles - I like to visit  with these folks, learn about their farms, how they preserve their fruits and vegetables AND take pictures of their goods.  There is also a large post in the middle that has a few farmers in it with LOADS of stuff.  So, if the nostalgia doesn't bring you to The Alabama Farmer's Market on Finley Avenue, go for the fresh foods at a good price!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,1/16/2014,8,36,2,4,2>This place is so good.  I always try to go on Thursday when the special is fried green tomato sandwich with goat cheese and peach chutney on focaccia bread.  This is one of my favorite sandwiches of all time.  I make my own version of it from time to time.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,1/14/2014,22,229,2,4,2>What struck me of the place was the service! Really nice and gentle people over there.Sushi came dished up like an artistic sculpture. Gorgeous. It was so pretty that a person come by our table to take a picture!Taste was very good. Nothing super special, but definitively not a bad sushi at all.Drink selection is limited but not too bad.Very recommended place if you are in that mall area
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/13/2014,44,240,2,5,3>Man, I had the quesadilla with carne asada.  That stuff was too legitimate.  I'm gonna have to go back, and recommend these amigos to anybody and everybody for some super tasty, fresh Mexican food.  Vamos!  I'm normally not crazy about the food truck idea, but these people know how to cook.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,1/12/2014,62,78,3,9,4>Had another mostly great experience here last weekend with the wife and some friends (4 of us total).  A few notes:1) The Yelp check in for a free glass of wine with an entree is nice.2) The tempura green beans are good but the batter tends to fall off very easily (unlike at other places)3) The wings and Saam are still great4) Shrimp boat - it was like 5 smallish pieces of bang bang shrimp which while delicious was a fairly small portion. 5) Calamari with big slices of fresh jalapeno were a nice surprise. 6) Honey cilantro braised boneless "ribs" were fine but tasted like plain pork loin (thus maybe too lean). Apparently the dumplings are house made so will have to try them next time. I really like ordering a bunch of apps to share here and they even let us slide on the free glass of wine per person ordering a bunch of apps.  Service was great as per my last two trips.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,1/11/2014,691,1142,3,6,3>You could not ask for a better restaurant setting with the worst parking. Even if you are reluctant to valet parking, the men running this show are very polite and professional. In about 10 seconds from handing over your keys, you've already forgotten about your parking woes because this restaurant has to be the one of the prettiest in Birmingham. You're welcomed in this world of nicely dressed individuals who are looking for the night off. Although the unspoken rules of attire is that you dress to impress, I got the feeling everyone was here just got off work and were ready to unwind for the night. Everyone who waited for a seat all had a drink in hand and seemed happy to be there.The outdoor wine bar also drew me. I almost wanted to stay just so I could sit at the wine bar on the restaurant side. As expected, I came here for the pizza since my boss had raved about their pizza, so this had to be added to my extensive pizza list. While I can see where his admiration came from, selecting the right pizza is important. Get the lamb sausage. Even if you can't taste that much of the lamb, the large chunks of feta cheese, hummus, and diced mint on the pizza sends you away. If you're secretly trying to impress someone and don't want to break your budget and have something delicious that you don't get every day, this is real deal. A big guy can finish this by himself so treat this like an appetizer if you're sharing.The white pie was really plain. It tasted great but even as I'm typing this review, I can't remember what it tasted like. It looks almost like a normal sausage pizza you'd find at any pizza place but in pint-sized portions. While the size of the lamb sausage pizza didn't feel like an issue because of the interesting flavors and presentation, the white pie falls flat.Refrigerator Test: Lamb sausage still tastes great and the giant chunks of delicious feta cheese helps. However, the white pie tastes like any sausage pizza.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,1/10/2014,109,165,2,3,2>Ozan Winery is simply lovely.  The scenery is very Old World - I love the decor.  They offer train tours, and the vineyards surround the terrace.  My husband and I bought my parents and ourselves a couple gift certificates.  We were pleasantly surprised to discover this jewel tucked away.  Ozan offers different wines each year.  We loved the petite sirah.  I was surprised to see such an extensive selection for a local winery.  Ozan's wine list offers cabs and merlots to local peach wine.  You can buy private Cellar Room tastings too.  Check their website for a listing of their wines.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/26/2013,6,1,3,3,4>My wife and I have been attending the OmegaFX classes for the last few months and have absolutely loved our experience. Chris and Jesse are both excellent trainers and motivators as they've challenged us to push ourselves and reach better personal fitness levels. The gym is small which allows the trainers to give us a lot of personal attention and the equipment is state-of-the-art. In addition this place has a great community that makes the experience invaluable.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,11/25/2013,49,51,2,4,2>IN. CREDIBLE. Yes, I'm talking about the venue, but also the salmon burger.  I was expecting amazing, but in all honesty, my expectations were far surpassed.. Very pleasantly surprised over here!  I went in a little after 8PM tonight, on a Tuesday night -- which also happened to be Local Musician's Night -- and just set up camp at the bar with my favorite Avondale brew and split the salmon burger with my friend, which, after the first bite, was really hard to share. It was that good. The sweet potato waffle fries that came with it were just an added bonus to the awesomeness. We knew the restaurant side closed at 9, and I felt bad even asking at 8:30 if we could order food, but it was absolutely no problem and the food was sent to the bar and devoured within the next 10-15 minutes.I want to stress just how accommodating and friendly the staff were while we were there: I really appreciated the awareness of the staff at the bar; they were a stellar balance of attentive and aloof, so whenever I had a question, they were ready to listen, but they were also respectful of my time with my friend and my beer.  The guy heading up the Local Musician's Night was also extremely knowledgeable of the entire facility, and shared a number of facts about how the place is set up for shows. I love that the bar is centrally located in both the main room and the openers' stage for shows.  And the fact that the venue has been set up to avoid audio delays of any kind, so that the sound is "soundly tight" across the vicinity is seriously awesome!  Dude even explained how the rooms went through "sound treatments" and gave examples of how they use a digital access via iPads for sound checking, with the doodads and jibber jabbers that I couldn't keep up with even if I was technologically savvy.  It was all very impressive, to say the least.  I'll be interested to see how everything turns out after they build what he described to be a walk-up ticket booth with street access, and the shows really kick off here -- soon.  But I know I'll be back before then, there were several other items on the menu that I want to try!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,11/24/2013,36,20,2,3,3>What's there NOT to like about ROJO!!! The food is rather exceptional TexMex meats awesome spin flavors. You will be doing yourself a service by trying anything on the menu.Doesn't matter what you order, it's going ot be good. But, I am a huge fan of the taco and the nachos. The nachos are big enough to share, so if you're looking for a single menu, I'd recommend the 1/2 serving. The type of service is the order-give'number-bring'it'to'ya system. The food runners are very helpfull and will assist you with anything you need. But, you do have to get your own drinks, which is not a bad thing. It works right into the atmosphere.The art on the walls helps to exude the coolness of the atmosphere of this establishment. ROJO is a jem of Alabama. If you find yourself in B'ham, you should most certianly check it out. Lords knows I have. Lots.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,11/23/2013,3,11,2,2,2>This is a gem of an eye clinic! The ladies who greet you are friendly and knowledgable. They keep the place rolling efficiently without making it seem like you're being herded in and out.  They recently remodeled and expanded, and the facility is clean and inviting, with high tech equipment and an excellent selection of frames and styles.  Dr. Brown has always been kind and brilliant. If you don't have an eye doctor, check them out.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/22/2013,26,227,3,3,3>Two words: Cuban taco. And veggie taco. And chicken taco. And black bean taco... Okay, that last one was three, but one thing is consistent across the list: they're all delicious! The Cuban was the best in my opinion - the pork and the sauce work great together, and the pickles add a good crunch to the mix. At the Street Food Rally at Workplay and then again at Party on the Porch at Alabama Outdoors in Homewood, Cantina brought the flavor and flair to the party. Definitely keep an eye out for this roaming food truck to pick up a couple tacos to munch, and you won't be disappointed!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/21/2013,57,115,,4,2>Holy cow where has this place been hiding?I have found the best sushi in the Birmingham area and its been like 4 miles from my house all along. I went to a place last week where the sushi was terrible and it was twice the price! Sekisui is INCREDIBLE! The sushi is fresh the selection is insane! Most sushi places offer crab sushi made with a crabstick, you can get sushi made with real snow crab here and the prices are so reasonable!!I had fresh water eel, snow crab sushi, spicy tuna hand roll, scallop nigiri, spicy tobiko. Every single one of them was a home run!! Prepared perfectly.Wait staff is wonderful, friendly and engaging.I can't wait to return so I can try more stuff!!!Outdoor seating too!!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/20/2013,37,133,2,2,2>Mooyahs is yummy! I ordered veggie on ice & thoroughly enjoyed the freshness offered. I added swiss cheese, pickles, ketchup, mustard & onions. My husband ordered an original mooyah combo with tons of manly toppings:) fries & root beer to wash it all down. Honestly there is nothing special about the fries...you can do without em especially if you're watching your figure.Ordering was a longer process than expected only because we were trying to make sense of satisfying our tastebuds. People compare mooyahs to five guys, but I think they stand alone in taste and the variety on what they offer (the concept however is a mesh of five guys & which wich). Overall the staff was helpful & answered our questions. I'd go back to fill my desire for a 'healthy' burger. I certainly recommend you give em a try and see for yourself.Step outta your to-go container & enjoy happy eats :)
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/19/2013,41,54,4,4,3>This facility is top-notch! I have been to more athletics venues in my life than I might care to admit, and the facility can be as integral to the enjoyment of the experience as the outcome of the game. Win or lose, you won't regret attending a game at Regions Field. Foot traffic flows well in and out of the stadium and at the concessions areas and restrooms. There is not a bad seat in the ballpark as they all have a great view of the action, they are all chair-back style(no metal bleachers) with plenty of leg room an a cup holder to boot! My first experience happened to be a "Thirsty Thursday" which means you can get a 16oz beer for $2. Talk about a steal! The Magic City Dog is one of the better ballgame food options I have ever put in my mouth. Don't ask me what's on it, just go try one. All stadium staff was helpful and friendly and the view of downtown Birmingham over the outfield wall is a pretty cool touch. The only error at this facility is the parking. If you don't have a pass, get there early with cash for a paid lot, or be willing to take a shuttle from lakeview. Overall, this place is a homerun! (that's my 3rd baseball pun in this review). Treat yourself to a great night at the ballpark this summer, you'll be glad that you did.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/18/2013,18,54,,3,3>for a bar that serves tons of beers and ciders. this place is not that bad. I have been to these kind of bars around North America and this one is at the top of the list. First, some of the people that work there really know their beer and enjoy talking about it. Second, for a non-domestic import beer, the pricing is not that bad. have seen way higher pricing on exotic beers elsewhere.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,11/17/2013,49,40,,3,3>I can't think of a single bad thing to say!   The food is always my favorite Indian cuisine, the staff is ridiculously friendly (after only a couple of visits remembered exactly what I order), and the price is completely reasonable. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the best naan I have ever had. Make sure you try Taj India the next time you are craving Indian food, you will not be disappointed. Oh and also order a King Fischer ale to help cool you down.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/16/2013,30,8,,1,2>This is, far and away, the best beer bar in the state of Alabama. Ground zero for the Free The Hops movement that changed the beer laws in the state, this place also has great food. Try one of their beer dinners (held monthly) for a four or five course meal, each paired with a different gourmet beer. Possibly the only bar in Alabama where you can't order bud light. Only the good stuff here. Try the burgers or the hummus.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,11/15/2013,34,11,2,3,2>I hit this place up for trivia every Wednesday night.The host Handsome Dan (that is not his real name but after 6 half-price beers it is) always brings the A++ baritone and some pretty tough questions.WINGS are the house specialty outside of oysters, of course, and SPICY TERIYAKI is the truth. If there's a game on, wings usually are at a discounted price. Hit the waitress up for details.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,11/14/2013,18,170,,1,1>My family and I enjoyed my 40th birthday here last night.  The waiting staff (Bubba) was very pleasant.  I had the Ahi Tuna and my wife the Scallops.  Very pleasant evening.  I want to personally thank Fred, Chris, and Bubba for a wonderful evening for my special 40th birthday.  I believe that Fred will continue to turn this establishment around and make it consistent with the Brand.  Thank you.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/13/2013,0,56,,2,1>I have always liked Dyron's but had not been in awhile. The menu has been updated and the food is absolutely delicious! Several of our group had the veal Scallopine topped with crab meat and served with plenty of delicious vegetables. Service was great. The enclosed deck is a wonderful addition.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,11/12/2013,43,13,,4,4>My wife and I don't dine out very often. When we do, though, Ollie Irene has become our restaurant of choice. Located in the quaint Mtn. Brook village, Ollie Irene offers a great upscale dining experience in a setting that has a distinct casual feel. It's not the cheapest place you'll ever eat, but even with a few drinks (and there are some interesting ones on the menu), it won't set you back too bad, either. It is a small place, doesn't take reservations (if I remember correctly), and tends to fill up early, so I recommend getting there early.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/11/2013,23,25,1,2,2>I'm really torn. I love the store concept and  everything it offers. But the store layout is SO tight and hard to maneuver. So I wish I could give it like a 3.5, but only because it wasn't a comfy shopping experience.  I've never been in a Fresh Market so I wasn't sure what to expect. It's a cross between a small Publix and maybe tiny Whole Foods or V. Richards or some other type of boutique kind of grocer. I haven't compared prices of basic items yet. I only went in for a salad and snacks. But what I love so far is the really helpful staff, huge selection of organic and gourmet selections. And in the middle of the store (takes up a lot of space) is a selection of 'self-serve' candy, nuts, dried veggies and dried fruits. It's like a small candy store!! Awesome. They also had wine tasting tho their wine prices are a tad higher than other grocery stores. I know it was crowded because it was the first week. However, wheeling those huge baskets in the back of the store would have been unwieldy even without other customers. They have a lot of good stuff that they've tried to cram into small sq footage.Overall, awesome to have a store in that area and I'm really impressed at how Brookwood has really stepped it up. I know the folks who live in that area are really excited to have good retail options.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,11/10/2013,31,141,3,5,2>Two words, people: Hot. Brown.Maybe we missed the elusive "brookie" crowd that's often discussed when Dram comes up, but I enjoyed the environment of this place. Dram is considered a whiskey bar and coincidentally, whiskey is my favorite liquor so I was in drink heaven. The old-fashioned and the Blackberry Winter mixed drinks were perfect, and I contemplated stealing my husband's Toronto (but didn't).I couldn't decide on what to order as my entree and our server basically insisted I get the hot brown. Thank you, wise waitress, for the amazing recommendation. The hot brown consists of layers of toast, thick slices of roasted turkey, an amazing cream sauce, and thick-cut bacon. I know it sounds weird, but this dish was amazing. My husband got the bluegrass burgers and I thought the Henry Bain's sauce really made an otherwise normal burger stand out. Our waitress convinced my husband to order the truffle fries from the Avo menu as his side and we were very pleased with this decision. The huge plate of fries were demolished and let me tell you, that is no small feat.We don't get over to this area of Birmingham very often, but maybe we'll have to make a point to every once in awhile for the hot brown.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,11/9/2013,26,155,2,3,3>After I saw Will's review of Taqueria Mexico, I knew we needed to give it a try.  We skipped over the gringo mex items and went straight to the taqueria menu.  WOW, WOW, WOW.  I've sworn by the taco truck for a long time but Taqueria Mexico kicks it up several notches.  Fresh, wonderful tortillas filled with a variety of tender, flavorful and moist meat.  Their ceviche is probably the best I've ever tried.  Great service, very reasonable prices and the most comprehensive menu of any Mexican place in town.   It's also one of the cleanest restaurants I've been in recently.  Highly recommended.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,11/8/2013,23,55,,1,1>Delicious! $5 gets you a po boy, chips, and a drink! It was pretty busy for lunch but they took time to stop by each table and greet customers! My friend cut his lip on the bread which was completely not the breads fault (it was exactly how a French bread should be) but the staff jumped up to help him and even brought him ice. I was completely shocked on how great the customer service was. I will be returning soon!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2013,11/4/2013,19,75,2,8,2>Pros: For some reason I assumed the prices would be outrageous, given that this place is so close to Greystone and Mountain Brook. NOPE. In some instances the pricing is actually better than Salvation Army or America's Best. We didn't get much but the two things we got were practically new: a nice, high-back office chair and a plaid shirt. We walked out of there spending less than $30, and the chair alone would have been $40 anywhere else. Or rather we'd have never seen it because someone would have snatched it up immediately. Shoes are all in good condition. Everything electronic looks like it works. Some of the furniture was a little beat up but hey, we lucked out anyway. Cons: Something doesn't smell right, and I don't mean because it's a thrift store. It's actually probably one of the cleanest thrift stores I've ever seen. The selection is very simplified, but everything seems to be of outstanding quality. If you aren't familiar with Vapor thrift stores, you might find it odd that the second you walk in there is a shelf of Vapor t-shirts for sale. Turns out the thrift store is owned by a larger non-profit devoted to "establishing self-sustaining centers for humanitarian aid and disciple in third-world environments." So they are missionaries. They also have a promotional video for their non-profit playing on loop in the corner. I have no problem with helping the third world but I have never walked into a Salvation Army or Jimmy Hale and experienced half of the PR blast as I did here. Though not necessarily enough to put me off from the thrift store entirely, it's enough to make me wonder how many people shop here and just sort of accept the whole "oh yes I'm helping children in Africa" at face value. Eh: The clothing is all nice quality, but as far as "fasionably updated" it doesn't always hit the mark. I wear women's plus size so my options are always limited, but at least they keep things organized true to size for the most part. Like I said before, the selection is kept small on purpose probably, but everything is quality and I am not the type who always has hours to spend going through a mile-long rack of clothes. Overall: I will probably not venture all the way down 280 on a regular basis to go here, but I'd hit it up if I was in the area. Definitely go there at least once!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,11/3/2013,48,43,2,2,2>THE best pizza in town.  Only open for breakfast and lunch during the week though!  Grab two slices of pizza and a fresh salad for like $7!  The salad is fresh from local greens and the dressing is made there fresh as well!  I love the pepperoni pizza and have never had anything bad there!  The pasta specials are delicious too!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/2/2013,12,20,6,6,4>Old person's guide to Carrigan's:* It's at the Easternmost end of Morris Ave., and there's plenty of parking.* If it's too busy, you have to sit on a rock. If it's REALLY busy, all the rocks will be taken.* There are more hipsters in Birmingham than you realize.* Go order at the counter before you sit down. There is one counter for ordering food & beer, and another for liquor and cocktails. I ordered club soda with my food since they don't serve iced tea, and it was like I'd divided by zero.* The food is very affordable, especially for the quantity and the digs. * It's a bit loud during busy times, but not *El Barrio* loud.The restaurant and decor are gorgeous and expensive-looking. I had the falafel burger and fries, and was really pleased to find something non-gut-busting on a gastropub menu. The sandwich was bright and interesting with a yummy tzatziki sauce. The fries were fantastic. The Oatmeal Cream Pie would be better if it weren't hard-frozen. My friend thought his brat was just OK, but liked his macaroni & cheese with pastrami.If you drink beer, get hungry, have $20, and are under 30, you will absolutely love this place.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/1/2013,4,19,5,5,5>Favorite frozen yogurt in Birmingham. Upon careful analysis- I've crowned sweet frog my "prince" of frozen yogurt! Not only is the taste over the top- but the texture is too heavenly. It's cold, but not too cold, creamy, but not runny- and it just makes your mouth tell your waistline to "shut up , already" :) I also felt like the flaovr offerings were somehow mainstream without succombing to typical . I contemplatively opted for the coffee flavor paired with vanilla- tasted like a summer latte. While the taste experience isn't  typical- the format is: serve yourself- pay by the ounce- and choose from a multitude of syrups and toppings. You also have the option of both dairy free, and sugar free flavors.Not a gummy fan personally- but was told by others that the gummy frogs are also in a class by themselves when it comes to texture!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/31/2013,22,229,,2,4>Cool people, great pizza, the best beer in town, and a perfect wait staff taking care of us??? ...that was a 6 stars event!!Slice is the best pizza in town, and Will the best organizer of any town.Great event!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,10/27/2013,11,39,,2,4>Seriously the best quesadilla I've ever had. The chipotle cream sauce was spot on, the cheese was fresh, and the tortilla was clearly homemade. The (free!) chips and salsa were both fresh and delicious.We arrived at 6:30 on a Friday night and had a 25-minute wait. Thankfully the wait wasn't too bad because The Little Donkey is conveniently located next door to Steel City Pops, which we frequented for a quick pre-dinner treat...I will definitely be back! Seriously so good.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/26/2013,80,246,3,3,3>We absolutely love Creative Dog Training, especially Brian and Whitney.  We recently adopted a dog from the Greater Birmingham Humane Society and decided he needed some help with his manners and we needed to learn how to direct him properly.  After 4 Basic Respect classes and several sessions of Intensive Day Care, he has gone from a wildman to a relatively well-behaved dog.  We are now in a second round of classes and he continues to improve every week.We love him so much and truly believe that the staff and trainers at CDT love him too.  When we drop him off, he doesn't even look back to tell us goodbye - he just goes with the trainer, probably because he is excited to play with his new doggie friends!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,10/25/2013,20,26,3,3,4>When I first starting hearing the buzz about Steel City Pops, I have to admit, I didn't understand all the hype.  I thought, "Uhhhh it's just a popsicle," but now I really do love this place.  There is something so wonderful about seeing a Steel City Pops cart at a Birmingham event.  The flavors are delicious and they are a real B'ham success! My only reason for not giving a 5 star is because $3 kind of seems like a lot for a popsicle.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/24/2013,89,327,2,8,2>I've had this place bookmarked for over a year now and finally got a chance to try it along with the bandwagon of folks who recently saw it on Bizarre Foods America. I was brought here by two coworkers-one whom loves this place and is an adventurous food connoisseur and another whose primary lunch choice is BK. I personally have only begun broadening my palette to Asian cuisine within the last 3 years. I have never cared for the flavor of teriyaki nor the crispness left in Asian veggies, though like I said I'm trying to broaden my Asian palette and I love trying new things. We ALL enjoyed our meals, so that's gotta tell you something about the food here.The "adventurous food connoisseur" was eager to offer suggestions and said that he has never had anything bad here. That's good news to me because you can trust this guy's judgment when it comes to food quality. Though, he was a little disappointed in the growing crowd of diners- bandwagon remember?I was instantly drawn to the dishes with black bean sauce which thankfully had a little pepper beside it. I love black beans and I love spicy food. Per his recommendation I ordered the pork with black bean sauce. The flavor of the sauce was rich and delicious. It was slightly salty and plenty spicy. The spice level, while hot, isn't overwhelmingly so such that you'd have to gulp your drink. Instead it plays on your tongue and clears your sinuses. Their menu says they can tailor the heat level if you need them to. The veggies were perfectly cooked to my liking. The eggplant added a nice soft texture and the sliced onions a bit of crunch. I loved the bright flavor that the green onions added to the dark, rich sauce.They bring everything out family style with extra plates so you can pile up your rice and meat/veggies individually. Most of the dishes run $7-9 and can last the moderate eater two meals.So why only 4 stars? Well the dining area is kind of small and we stood in a line a while to pay where I felt like I was disturbing the folks who were unfortunate enough to be sitting at the table near the register.  Also, there's currently construction going on so the sound of jackhammers outside the window wasn't pleasant (ignorable though once my food arrived). Maybe they're expanding? AND on this day they didn't have any frogs for me to giggle at!2nd visit:I got to try the ground pork with chilies and black beans, sautéed pork belly, and crispy salted squid. The ground pork with chilies and black beans was very similar to the first dish I had, it was just as good, but had different veggies. The pork belly had a good flavor but a little more fat than I prefer. The salted crispy squid was delicious! Perfectly cooked to a tender bite. The salty and crispy crust was delectable. The reason it's on my Top 100 Dishes to Try list:Salted Crispy SquidList:The BEST stir fry and fried squid I've ever had.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/23/2013,84,75,1,2,3>If you've been reading my reviews, you know that I went on a hunt for the best fish taco in Birmingham one Saturday. Well El Taco Loco was one of our stops. The salsa they brought out didn't taste great so I was a little worried about the tacos. We got 2 fish tacos and 1 chorizo tacos. WOW - the fish was cooked so perfectly. I'm not a huge fan of tortillas but I could eat the corn tortillas from this place all day long. It was a delicious fish taco and the chorizo taco that we got was even better. I think I dreamt about it that night. This may not be somewhere you would normally stop if you passed by, but I highly recommend you do so. The staff was great and as I said, the food was delicious!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,10/22/2013,15,8,2,7,2>Shame on anyone that wrote a review that caused me to second guess celebrating our anniversary here. I've been in Birmingham since undergrad and have been dying to go to Hot and Hot. However,  it is the most expensive place in town and I could never justify an occasion worth spending so much on. Over the years, I have visited most of the finer places in town (all of Stitt's included), but Hot and Hot remained on a pedestal that I couldn't quite reach.  (Flash forward almost a decade later) My husband and I were ready to celebrate our first anniversary. He made reservations at the Chef Table and we were set. I love food. I mean, really... love food. I'm young, but I'm snooty about food. If I can make it better, I refuse to go out and pay for it. I cook, I study food, I dream about food, and I when I travel, my experience is about food. I like to think I have high standards. So, I always read about food -- and choose my restaurants very carefully. Always. After reading so many negative reviews about Hot & Hot recently, I second guessed our decision. I had been studying the menu for weeks leading up to our night, I had consulted friends, old professors, doctors (literally everyone) about where we should go. I had almost changed our reservation to Highlands. In the end, I stuck with my guns and stuck with Hot and Hot. We arrived at 7:20 for our 7:30 reservation. We headed to the bar to get a drink, but our table was ready before we could place an order. We sat at the Chef's table and were immediately met by our friendly and helpful waiter. We ordered the cocktails we had planned on getting at the bar and sipped them as we oohed and ahhed at the orchestrated events of the kitchen. We ordered the Foie Gras Brulee with strawberries and the charcuterie platter. As with our entree, we both had our decision narrowed down to 2-3 choices and our waiter was very helpful with suggesting which item to go with. He also paired wines with our food very well. The foie gras brulee was such a creative and tasty combination. The charcuterie platter may have been the best I have ever had in my life. The assortment was spectacular. We ordered the lamb with gnocchi and the scallops. My mouth is drooling as I just think about our entrees. We both agreed that the gnocchi was the best we had ever had. The scallops were perfectly cooked and paired with sauces and sides that added a different dimension to every bite. I had hesitated to order the scallops because I felt that the perfect scallop was seared, rare, and lightly seasoned, but after seeing the scallops leave the kitchen...  I couldn't resist -- needless to say, my mind is changed. At this point, we were stuffed. I even had to give the last half of my scallop (which were so big that I cut them into 4-6 pieces each) to my husband to finish. Of course his plate only had a handful of gnocchi - but he ordered lamb, not gnocchi, right? If I hadn't heard such good things about the souffle and the doughnuts, we would have passed. We ordered a glass of port as we worked on getting some room in our stomachs. Watching the doughnuts being made added a level of appreciation to the dish. As with almost everything we watched, the level of intricacy and detail put into the dish was amazing. After frying, the doughnuts endured about 5-10 more steps of stuffing, drizzling, topping, etc before the plating was complete. It almost seemed as though every dish that came out of the kitchen had a different touch added by 3-5 individuals in the kitchen. (I'll be honest - the souffle wasn't life changing, but it was still a fun and tasty desert.)We left Hot & Hot in food heaven. Weeks later, it's a meal that still comes up in conversation. If you want a 20 oz ribeye, a dinner plate size salad, or portions that should require a doggie bag... this is not your place. My husband noted on how cozy the atmosphere felt - I guess in that regard, it did feel less formal and "fancy" than Highlands. The wait staff that I have encountered at the Stitt restaurants have been more attentive and detailed - your napkin will be folded and your chair will be tucked in any time you step away from the table. This was not the case at Hot and Hot, but I didn't mind. We got brisk service, a friendly guy, and great suggestions. If you want the classics done perfectly, go to another place in town. If you're in search of freshness, creativity, and unique food that you likely won't find anywhere else -- this is your place. Since leaving, my mind has been racing to combine new flavors at home and simultaneously giving up because I know that I can't replicate what we had. So, open your mind, your palate, and your wallet (it cost just under $300 for the two of us after tip) and visit Hot and Hot. Applause to Hasting's - I see why he won the James Beard award.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/21/2013,5,16,2,3,2>Went to eat lunch with some friends at Davenport's today. This was my first time to eat there, and I was fairly pleased. Got there at 12:15, the place wasn't particularly busy, but was definitely more than half-full. The inside was exactly what I would expect and want from a parlor-type pizzeria, though it was hardly a palace. We sat in the back with the arcade games, which is a nice classic pizzeria touch, though I imagine I wouldn't want to be back there on a Friday night with a bunch of noisy kids. The service was a bit slow, but not bad; it wasn't great either...just kind of lackadaisical and indifferent. It's a pizza place, so I wasn't too worried about that.We ordered a 15 inch Hawaiian pizza, and it took almost 30 minutes to come out, which to me is a bit long. The pizza was delicious, all the ingredients were placed in perfect proportion, and there was a lot of flavor. Everything tasted fresh. Unfortunately, this is one of the messiest pizzas I've ever had. The toppings would not stay put and the crust was perhaps just a bit too thin, because the sauce was sopping through the bottom. There was a perfect amount of sauce, the crust just didn't seem able to hold it. Forget trying to get anything resembling a slice onto your plate. In the end, the pizza basically turned into a big delicious casserole on our plates. I was also a little miffed that they brought us small paper plates, like the size you put birthday cake slices on at an office party; it's possible that they were out of other plates, but I would expect a larger paper or styrofoam plate. Not a deal breaker.I'll definitely come back, because I think this is one of the tastiest pizza places in Birmingham, but next time I'll be sure to ask for more napkins before the pizza gets to the table. If and when I decide that this is the best pizza place in Birmingham, I'll bump it up to five stars.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,10/20/2013,40,55,1,3,2>I've been here more times than I can count; I really dig it.  Everything I've had is good to amazing.  I had braised short ribs tonight that were made extra spicy which were awesome.  I discovered the charbroiled pork on the second trip and it's seriously some of the best pork of any kind that I've had in my life.  I took an Asian food nut with me last night and he really liked it.  I'm glad I don't have to to go out to 280 or into Homewood to get Vietnamese food.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,10/19/2013,8,36,2,4,2>I was in the mood for some Vietnamese food, so i headed on down green springs to Pho Que Huong.  The atmosphere is nothing special and neither is the service.  The food will make up for that.  I got the bun cha gio tom.  It has been a while since i have had it and it was as tasty as i remembered.  Thin vermicelli noodles with thinly sliced vegetables grilled shrimp and then topped with a spring roll.  After it gets to the table you add all the sauces and squeeze on fresh lime juice.  It is so tasty i can't wait to go back.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/18/2013,7,48,1,3,2>Loved it! We started with the coconut soup and spring rolls. We ordered Thai food (panang chicken and the basil chicken). Loved both. Next time we are trying the sushi, a couple told us its the best.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/17/2013,15,36,,2,1>Food was excellent. Sat at the bar and had some sort of Lamb stew and Trout. We had two entrees a couple of glasses of wine each and I had cappuccino with Kahlua after the meal.  Total bill was roughly $80. I would have given it 5 stars but I think the staff could have been a little more cheery. Service was great. Don't get me wrong. But not a lot of smiles. Overall I will be back!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,10/12/2013,80,194,3,4,3>In a pinch this is the perfect sandwich place. They are cheap and get you in and out quickly. No need to get intimidated by the menu the Momma's Love is and will always be the best sandwich on the menu. They have salads and other items but no need to stray from the best.If you want some chips go for it they have them but you really must upgrade to the nachos. With or without jalapenos it really doesn't matter they altogether rule. The quick explanation says it all. Cheese Doritos and white cheese. Yum!Like them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter for special deals each day.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,10/11/2013,65,139,2,2,2>My wife and I have this running joke that the reason I never visit Moe's any longer is b/c she tore me away from it and caused me to defect to Chipotle.  The truth of the matter is, Chipotle has Moe's beat hands down, no question - I used to love it, but frankly the food tastes pretty bland by comparison.  I say that to submit that Lime Fresh - considering how many people have compared the two - is yet another spot that blows Moe's out of the sky.  The set-up as others have mentioned is very similar with regards to the salsa bar, but the Lime Fresh offerings include so many more options, and each of them brings its own appeal beyond what Moe's currently does.This was my very first visit, so of course take my review with a grain of glass-rimmed salt, but I thought the food at Lime Fresh was memorably tasty.  (If I had to make a choice, I'd say Chipotle's meat and rice seems slightly fresher than LF, but it's a pretty close race IMO.)  I gave the 8th street burrito a try and, if I'm not mistaken, it's the first burrito I've had that did *not* include cheese in it?  And to my surprise the thing was ridiculously good.  One thing that made that super flavor explosion happen (I'm pretty sure) was the extra added bacon (so keep that in mind when you visit) - it seemed to add a rich, smoky flavor to the b'rito that just turned out excellent.Bottom line - couple great food with a lively atmosphere (the music's a bit "ecclectically-mixed" though, I have to admit), and a nice location amidst moderately-busy stores at the Summit, and you've got what looks to be a successful tex-mex competitor in Lime Fresh. I personally plan on heading back there sometime soon to give some other menu stars a shot.  Maybe I'll see ya there. ;)
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,10/10/2013,62,78,2,2,2>I've only been here twice but the donuts have been fantastic both times and twice the size and taste of the generic cardboard products by Dunkin and the likes.  So far, my favorites have been the apple cruller (I love this donut, to which my waist can attest) and the cinamon sugar also holds a special place in my stomach.  We stopped by this past Saturday around noon for our dessert after lunch at New York Pizza.  While noon is probably at least 6 hours since the morning batch of donuts are typically made, they were very fresh tasting and delicious in the car ride home and afterwards.  I'd skip the cronut but only because I don't like filled donuts and it was filled to the brim with a super surgary cream.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/9/2013,36,269,4,3,3>I love repurposed buildings, and gas stations turned restaurants are high on that list. A former gas station serving dogs, burgers, and fries at bargain prices? That would be enough to get my business and 4 stars, but add in the epic panoramic sunset views of the Shannon/Oxmoor Valley/Ross Bridge area and this is a Birmingham must.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/8/2013,691,1142,3,4,4>If I wanted my last meal on earth be pizza, this is it. I have never seen pizza cooked this way before. The toppings are all buried beneath a layer of incredible thick, delicious, melting cheese that just spills as tear away at it. I usually can stomach two slices but I could hardly go through the second.The Mona Lisa contained a layer of pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, ham, and vegetables hides underneath a thick layer of cheese. The florentine had a layer of pesto sauce hides underneath even MORE cheese. I couldn't finish this slice. The crust is so soft and tearable. It's the perfect size. It's barely enough to hold the magic above it.The service here is good as any other place. Even if it was bad, you wouldn't know because your party or the waiters will probably have to roll you out the door to your car. It's ridiculous this place is anything less than a 4. As of this review, I consider this my favorite pizza place in Birmingham.Refrigerator Test: Move the pizza around after you put it in the fridge for a day. Otherwise the crust sticks to the bottom and you end up tearing off all the toppings. It's still delicious and the best cold pizza I've had yet.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/7/2013,113,225,2,2,2>It's good!  Not enough brunch places open in Birmingham on the weekends!!  We enjoyed a last minute V.Richards brunch a couple weeks ago!  David had an omelette and I went for the eggs and grits combo.  All was good---but disappointing when they charged me for a cup of water????  .50 for a cup of water?  no thanks.  I know it's not much...but this isn't heard of in Birmingham.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,10/6/2013,34,8,3,3,3>The best family owned place in town that has such a large variety of Organic Goodies. From prepared to rare Herbs and other essentials. The staff is very helpful and knowledgable. Awesome sandwiches too. Owned by Kenny and Ken.. Go figure.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/5/2013,44,240,1,3,2>After 7 years, I finally took the trip up to the top of the Vulcan, and must say I enjoyed it thoroughly.  It is certainly worth a visit, and the view of the city is truly unbeatable.  They keep the grounds and everything in great shape, and it would be a fun visit for any age, except probably high schoolers because they are always too cool for anything.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2013,10/4/2013,14,40,2,4,3>Slice has been a great addition to Lakeview since it opened a couple of years ago. The Lakeview district was really in need of another restaurant and you can't go wrong with a pizza place. It's kind of on the expensive side, though. For me, Slice is a once in a while kind of place. The pizza is really good and their oven baked wings are great (especially when they're 75 cents). But, more often than not I can't justify spending the money.Only bad experience I've had was one time they gave me a pale ale instead of the IPA I had ordered. After I asked about it, my server said, "oh, the pale replaced the IPA on tap." It was the same brand, but a different style. Wouldn't it have made more sense to give me a different brand IPA? Or, you know, inform me they had run out. Anyway, I blame that one on the server being a little clueless about beer. Just because it says Good People on the tap doesn't mean it tastes the same as that other one that also says Good People.Slice has a patio and deck that are really nice. If the weather permits, I'd recommend sitting out there. I enjoy a nice patio regardless, but especially at Slice because the inside always seems a little loud to me. It's a popular spot, so more people=more volume, I guess. If you're looking for something to eat in Lakeview and have a little extra dough (pun intended) definitely seek out Slice.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/26/2013,109,165,2,6,2>Wow.  So everyone has already beat me here!  Anyways, I love the homebrew supply section.  (We've been brewing for close to a decade.  Yes, we're badass.)  Brilliant ploy to install a bar with exotic beers galore!  Get tipsy first, then shop for all your finds.  Just make sure you bring a DD.Wines:  This is the most extensive selection at such competitive pricing.  The Arcangelo wine is my fave.  Brands, such as Crow Canyon, go for 6 bucks whereas they'd cost you 10 bucks elsewhere.  Also, if they don't carry your wine of choice, they can order it for you.  It's cheaper by the case!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,9/25/2013,61,39,9,6,5>If you've been to Bourbon Street, then I'm pretty sure I can tell you how your night went:You were probably already a bit hazy upon walking in the door.  You then ordered up that dangerously delicious mixture of vodka/gin, sugar and lemon called a "Baby."  It came lovingly swaddled in a terrycloth bar towel, you kissed it gently and then shook it up.  Always, always shake that baby!After, literally, a few sips of the "baby", you're pretty...loose.  You can now start flipping through that giant binder of 'classics' to pick out your song.  You probably yelled something like, "Oh, my God guys.  This song was my jam in high school!"  Don't be embarrassed, everyone else is pretty 'loose' as well.  Your name was called and you gave what was, surely, the best rendition that has ever been done.  Seriously, you brought it.  I feel really sorry for the person that was up after you.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,9/24/2013,11,40,,2,2>Terrific fresh breads, pastries, and light eatery. The grilled cheese should be renamed to toasted heaven...it's more like fresh foccacia loaded with sharp white cheese with a buttery finish. The salads are made with the perfect amount of ingredients and tossed in a vinaigrette. Perfect lunch spot.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,9/23/2013,12,60,,5,5>Something about this place just makes me happy. Everyone behind the counter is super friendly. I only had a salad on my visit, but I'm dying to go back & try a patty melt. It's really tiny inside. You can tell they care about the place and the customers.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,9/22/2013,8,50,,3,2>Great local finds and love to support local businesses and farmers. Although don't plan on doing all of your grocery shopping here. Keep in mind it is all seasonal and products will fluctuate.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/21/2013,202,144,7,7,8>So, last month our CM put together an Elite event at this place and it was AWEsome - I would never have thought to even drive up into that driveway for anything ... very unassuming facade, but definitely not to be missed.  Such a cool idea ... owned by a cool gal!I know it's hot as a fresh-finagled-fox-in-a-forest-fire here in the south, but we like it hot and we like to be outside in it.  In the Ham, we have lots of green space in downtown  with LOTS of shade.   What better way to enjoy those parks and trees than with a picnic?  This place will put it all together for you - all the way to setting up your picnic!  They have GREAT supplies, fabulous picnic food - Do NOT miss the brownies - picnic "games", bikes, and will package  everything up for you.  And it's all for rent.  (Yes - you can certainly buy this stuff (in fact, I saw a few Christmas presents in there for myself!) so you have your OWN Picnic at the ready at all times.  Don't you just love the thought of having a 40s or 50s style picnic basket in the back of my car at all times - ready for a picnic?)    The menu is packed with awesome picnic things like brocoli slaws, spicy noodles, tabouleh, all the great things you can get at that Whole Paycheck store, but more fresh and less expensive.  They've got AWESOME desserts - and I hear their biscuits are quite tasty.  Great selection of sandwiches and healthy snacks & sodas too.  In the south, we move a little slower cause it's so hot.  So, why don't you quick step it over to Green Central Station,  Have Nancy help you pick out some great picnic supplies, find your spot in one of our parks and slow your pace &  have a picnic!(and no,  the fox is not "finagled" ... you pick another word to go in there - I used my adult judgment on that one!)
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/20/2013,49,51,4,5,3>My co-worker brought a box of doughnuts into work one Saturday, and although I have no problem resisting free, sugary goodness, I found myself drawn to a classic glazed doughnut from Daylight. It's the first item I've had from here, but ohhh man.  It was SO GOOD. The doughnuts were made fresh, and every bite was like a dream.. a warm, soft dream glazed to perfection. So I guess what I'm saying is that I USED to have no problem resisting doughnuts.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,9/19/2013,26,227,2,5,3>A new addition to the Crestline repertoire is the Pantry by Stone Hollow Farmstead. Around the corner from Church Street Coffee, the Pantry is nestled in a little house with a shaded patio area. The menu is simple, but it offers a good helping of flavors and creativity served by friendly, laid-back staff.The food is fresh, tasty, and well-presented. On each visit I've had my table has been presented with a free sampling of a dip/spread with crackers/bread. It was a nice note to the meal, and provided a sort of appetizer while we waited on the food.The salad sampler (apple-walnut, chicken, and fruit salads) and the chicken salad panini are delicious. The portions are a little on the light side, but not unduly so. Also of note is the strawberry and goat cheese panini with a balsamic vinegarette reduction - it was nearly a dessert!The Pantry has wine & cheese tastings on Thursday and Friday evenings, a waffle bar on Saturday mornings, and is closed on Sundays.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,9/16/2013,1,82,,1,1>Mr. Chen's in Hoover deserves a good reputation.  It has decent food at a reasonable price, esp. for lunch.  The servers give the right amount of attention to their customers. A muted TV on the wall playing Chinese news.   The atmosphere is a typical of a small Chinese restaurant.The lunch menu does not have any vegetarian options, but the waitress asked for my lunch to be made with tofu instead of chicken.  Thus, I got Tofu and vegetables, with fried rice and eggroll for about $6-7.  With a standard Chinese sauce, it tastes good but not remarkable.  The amount of vegetable seemed minimal, but I was pleased by the amount of tofu.  The dinner menu, incidentally, does have some standard vegetarian options.My friend experimented and ordered fried anchovies with hot peppers from the dinner menu.  An interesting but not great idea.  No doubt, there was a generous pile small anchovies.  They were crunchy and acceptable with the white rice.  Strangely enough, it didn't have much fishy taste.  I imagine a different dish would have been more satisfying. Mr. Chen's is a popular place for lunch and there were few seats left open when we arrived at 12:15PM.  Parking at the strip mall was easy.  I recommend it.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,9/15/2013,35,180,,5,4>I have passed by this place several times, so when I got a chip in the middle of my wind shield yesterday in South Alabama, I resolved to try them out. He seemed to be pretty busy with a constant stream of cars, but it didn't take very long for him to get to me and fix my chip and a small crack he found at the bottom of my windshield. I have comprehensive insurance on my car, so he submitted the claim for me and I didn't pay anything. They were fast, friendly, and professional, and they guarantee the repair for life. I am sure I will be back here again soon.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/14/2013,57,115,5,7,5>Having grown up in Brooklyn NY I went into the place not expecting to be happy with what they had to offer.Keep in mind a "Traditional" Calzone is Ricotta, Mozzarella and maybe a little pecorino or parm cheese. So I looked for the traditional ingredients, and they had them except the Ricotta had roasted cloves of garlic in it. Now while it tasted fine, I would have liked to have had the option to have a traditional set of ingredients.None the less, after closely scrutinizing the ingredients, looking for the junky sausage balls that pizza places use or the pre-made meatballs from a bag, I found none. So I thought I had a good chance to put something together that would be good.I ordered one with Ricotta, Mozzarella, Spinach, Meatball and Sausage and asked that they put the sauce on the side.It arrived faster than I expected and it was covered in sauce (opps) so instead of complaining I just scraped it off because I was sure it was going to be an acidity cheese stick kind of sauce, my wife tried her sauce, she gave it the thumbs up and I tried it and also agreed. It was not acidity at all, it was fresh, light and the surprises kept coming.The sausage and the meatballs, very fresh, not like the junk you get on a pizza from oh maybe Dominos, actually all ingredients were great so I came in expecting to be disappointed and walked out very pleasantly surprised. Now some of the things that they offer to put inside the Calzone, like Ziti pasta and cream sauce, took me as a little strange, but I have no reason to believe they were not just as tasty as the other ingredients.By the way "Pazzo" means Crazy in Italian, you'd be crazy not to give the place a try. I was very surprised with the quality of the food!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,9/13/2013,37,133,2,4,3>Really great dining experience! Luckily we arrived around 550/6pm for our Friday night date. We got one of three open tables for a party of 2, by the time we were seated-the wait was on!Crazy popular place. Exciting atmosphere & great food. Not sure its the best place for crowds due to lack of space-I preferred my intimate space(might be a little bias on date night though). Not the place for a family outing. Awesome el barrio margarita! Our server was knowledgeable & had great recommendations to offer. Yumtastic!I had 2 tacos, of course with chips & salsa. 2 ritas while my husband had the spicy chicken hoagie (that was good, but does in deed have a kick!) & beer. Overall, great dining experience, nice decor, fair prices. Far better to me than little donkey. Happy yummy eatsbtw: we went 2 weeks ago with a group of 10 and the space wasn't as bad as I thought....just a longer wait indeed for a Saturday night. Shrimp Quesadilla was pretty good, but the dog on BURGER was amazing!!!!!!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,9/12/2013,23,330,4,4,2>Great prices and great food! Yes its busy; look at their business model. Bottom line, you can feed a family at a great price while getting some really good food. I suggest trying out the garlic burger; very good. And guaranteed to keep the vampires away... Now if they could come up with something for zombies we would be covered.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/11/2013,4,20,2,2,2>I live in Bham and Flemings has yet to disappoint.  Small plates are a great addition and easier on the wallet.   Get the wedge salad and seared tuna or tempura lobster and you go home satisfied.  Only 4 stars as the dessert was disappointing.  Food and wine are great.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/10/2013,49,40,4,6,3>I have driven by this hole in the wall shop hundreds of times. Thank goodness I finally stopped and gave it a shot. Definitely my new favorite donut stop!  The donuts melted in your mouth and the price is so cheap you gain 50 pounds for $5.  Workers were very nice and the coffee was even pretty decent. The only downside... Maybe not the most comfortable place to hang out.  We got ours to go, so no problem.  If you find yourself driving down the parkway do yourself a favor and stop in.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,9/9/2013,41,54,2,7,4>Free glass of wine when you check in on Yelp! in addition to that great deal, the sushi is delicious. The atmosphere is well decorated but laid back, so it is great for meetings, a date or just to hang with friends. The drink menu is vast for a sushi restaurant and the wait staff was very knowledgeable about the wines and the entire menu in general. You can spend as much or as little as you would like. Some $14-18 specialty rolls on the high end, but then there are combinations that allow you to score 3 delicious rolls for $15. This place is a great option if  you are on 280 and want to get your sushi fix.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,9/8/2013,15,138,4,4,4>I'd walked by Our Place a jillion times but couldn't figure it out.  What was it?  Was it even an open business?  A little internet sleuthing revealed that yes, Our Place was open and that it was a drinking establishment.The building right next to Stillwater Pub looks like something out of the 60s with all the mirrors (and it's 60s-ish inside too) but inside was a relaxed, welcoming gay bar.  My out-of-town guest and I didn't stay too long, but we chatted with the gregarious bartender and a couple of other patrons.  Not too crowded, but it was still on the early side so it may get packed as the night grows older.  Nice chill vibe here.Oh, there's also a tiny parking lot in the back, FYI.  I wasn't too thrilled bout the $5 cover charge, but what can you do.  My amaretto sour was a reasonable 5 bucks.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,9/7/2013,18,54,2,2,3>Great brewery in downtown Birmingham, across from the new ballpark.Great beer and interesting scenery, and it helps its right across from the brand new ball park. the staff is great and very accommodating.one thing they could do better is the men's restrooms. but other than that a great place to hang out.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/6/2013,31,141,3,9,3>My husband recently surprised me for my birthday by taking me to the zip-line tour at Red Mountain Park and WOW. Never having zip-lined before, this was an awesome way to spend the afternoon! I'll be the first to admit my slight fear of flying through the air 50+ feet above the ground, but once you get started you'll never want to stop. There are seven zip-lines, a rope bridge, and a rope swing included in the tour. The tour guides were extremely knowledge and even pointed out different mining artifacts and spots along the trail as we zipped over them. Be sure to get there on time (there's a bit of a hike to the actual zip tour site) and make reservations if you go! We're already making plans with friends to do the zip-line tour again. I also can't wait to go back and explore the trails at Red Mountain Park.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,9/5/2013,5,2,3,7,4>If you want to step back in time and visit and old fashioned lunch counter this is the place to go.  Green Valley Drug is by far my favorite place in the word to eat! I have been going here just about every weekend my entire life.  Everything is made from scratch including fresh hamburgers, pimento cheese, tuna, and milkshakes.  The cheeseburgers melt in your mouth and the milkshakes are to die for! You can add bacon to your burger for just a little bit extra to give it a little kick.  Milkshakes are offered in vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, and cherry flavors.  i am partial to the chocolate but all are very good.The prices are reasonable and definitely worthy of the food that you are getting.  Expect to get a lunch for two around $10-15 and be wanting to come back the next day. The only drawbacks are that they are only open for breakfast and lunch. You can get breakfast and lunch M-F and lunch only on Saturday. Closed Sunday. You are able to pay with credit card but cannot put the tip on the card so be sure to bring a few dollars cash to tip the excellent servers.Enjoy! You won't regret it.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,9/4/2013,16,10,2,7,3>Joe's is as delicious as it is surprising. It is hands down the best Italian food in the state. And even though Birmingham is absolutely not known for its Italian food - hang on, in fact it's ripe with bad (I mean awful), overly tomatoed, basil-addicted, olive-oil drizzling locales - Joe's is quite possibly the best Italian restaurant in the region. The food is outstanding. The desserts are gut-bustingly good. And the service is as good as any restaurant that I've ever been to. My only critique is the flavor could be kicked up a notch. It's rich, tasty and good, don't get me wrong, but me and my "always overdo it" palette am always left looking for a bit more salt or spice. That's my only critique. Other than that, it's exceptional.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,9/3/2013,0,1,2,6,2>For over ten years, I've been going here at least once a week for lunch, sometimes twice.  The daily lunch specials are very reasonably priced (under $8 with tax), and include the entrée, salad, and a beverage.  The quality of the food has always been fresh and delicious.  On Saturday's, they offer a pizza and lasagna specials, which are great for feeding the family on the weekend.  Also, I haven't tried a pizza there I didn't like.  As some of the other reviewers pointed out, the calzones are very good.  In my opinion, they are the best around.  Thursdays are "calzone day" and the place tends to be a little more crowded, although I've never really had trouble finding a place to sit.  The dining areas are fairly large and spacious and usually have plenty of seating.  The atmosphere is very casual and relaxed, and the staff are always very friendly.  It's not a fancy or white table cloth kind of place, but if you want the best and freshest Italian food around and at a very reasonable price, then there's no place better in my opinion.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/2/2013,22,31,3,3,3>Ragtime Cafe is one of my favorite place to go have a good meal. The food is fresh and you can tell that they take a lot of pride in what they serve. I had cheese logs as an app, fried chicken tenders as main dish, and fries for my side. Every thing came out fast and I had no problem with anything. I will definitely be back to Ragtime and hope that you go too!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,9/1/2013,0,3,3,2,2>This is a mobile kitchen caterer based out of Birmingham. They had this tricked-out food truck set up outside Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa this past Saturday and were selling burgers, chicken wings (awesome), sandwiches, chicken fingers - good ol' tailgating food. The flat-screen TVs on the outside of the truck made it a relaxing tailgating experience before and after the game. The owner said the truck would be set up in the same spot on University Boulevard (in the Baptist Campus Ministries parking lot) for every home game throughout the season. Roll Tide Roll!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/31/2013,0,3,2,4,2>These people get it right when it comes to beer. It's a great place to hangout and I had what I consider to be one of the best nights of my life here Listening to a band called The Magnolia Tree Singers. We have hosted events there with my office and everyone loved it. The Beer is usually domestic in nature and simple, Not a lot of over the top belgian beers. There is usually a food truck there evenings and it has always been great.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,8/30/2013,44,17,4,5,4>I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. It has lots of activities that will appeal to a wide range of children. The arcade has lots of games (again, with lots of variation so even the small ones can participate) and you use a card to both swipe to begin the games and it also stores your tickets you win. A plus for moms and dads with lots to carry and also it lets you carry them over for multiple visits. They also have a laser tag room, a laser light game (more for little ones), and miniature bowling. The play place is quite large and might be the only attraction you really need if your kid is young enough or on the easy to please side. It's surrounded by a wall that seperates it from the arcade, so you feel safe that your child will not run out of some hidden exit and get lost or disappear. Also you pay a flat fee (3 and under are totally free) and they can play as many times (in and out in and out they go) and for as long as they want they have seating inside for you to use if you like. Right beside the large treetop themed playground is a toddler play area, its also self contained, but you can see the main playground easily so you can keep an eye on big brother or sister while the smaller one plays. You? you as a parent can SIT on plush couches with a flat screen TV and free WIFI while your children run themselves ragged (might be heaven). miniature golf, go-carts,  and jumpy things (not actual name i'm sure) are outside. They also let you bring in your own cake and decorations and haul your presents into the facility and use their tables (the open ones outside or in the cafe, not the "party room" tables)  for FREE if you want to have a birthday party, they only ask that you purchase drinks from the cafe. I almost died when they told me that, and my son's 4th Birthday was wonderful and much less stressful.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,8/29/2013,19,75,2,2,2>I think this place has definitely built up some momentum based on previous reviews. Stopped in the other day when we had some time to kill before a movie. This place is pretty convenient to the Edge, being right across the parking lot. Ordered a White Thai beer, which is something I have seen everywhere but haven't tried yet. A bit IPA-ish, but otherwise good. We ordered the steamed gyoza for an appetizer. I found it weird that the serving size was five pieces, but whatever, we just cut the last one in half. For main course, I got the Out of Control roll, the Eel & Avocado roll, and the Spicy California roll. All were fantastic, but I think the Eel & Avocado and the Out of Control were tied for my favorite. The boyfriend got chicken and noodles from the hibachi menu. It was a lot of peppers and onions, and I think he was expected more of a chicken and broccoli mixture. Otherwise, he seemed to enjoy it. This place is pretty fast to serve, and our waitress was very friendly and attentive, though if you want chopsticks with your meal you might have to ask. I found the menu a little oddly organized, and maybe it seemed overwhelming due to that, but there is a lot to study!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,8/28/2013,837,503,3,5,6>What a BLAST of a great time! Will L. is Da Man, once again! Experiencing some new places, meeting some new friends and putting faces on some that were friends on line was outstanding. The food and drinks at Freshfully were so very great...I'm already looking forward to the next one!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,8/27/2013,29,22,2,4,2>Great new pub. It may be my favorite new place to go out for eats and drinks. The service was friendly and accommodating under the crowd and was surprisingly quick for the size of that crowd. The burger was one of the best of any restaurant I've had in the city. The location is nice, though parking is tight, and the vibe of Carrigan's has more character than it's age would suggest. Check it out. Prices are a little high, but for what you get, it's fantastic. Tons of good food and great drinks. Go.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,8/24/2013,22,229,2,6,5>I totally understand several of the complains this place gets... and I actually don't believe they are so wrong.That said, I like this place. I go there at least 3 times a week!I'm from the PNW so it may be the case that I'm used to this kind of place style, but I think that nothing wrong in this unusual (for B'ham) Cafe.The grocery actually has items you can forget to find in the rest of the city (downtown).The cafe has Good Food! It's a truly vegetarian option for those that don't want a BBQ rib stack twice a week in the restaurants in front, or for those that like simple carefully made meals.People are nice and smiling. Yes, a bit snobby has anyone (on average) following the " spiritual vibe" the place wants to represent. But I've no problem with that.And you know what? They actually know how to make a good espresso!Suggested for a good light meal and to enjoy having around some easy going people at lunch time.I'm a new fan!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/23/2013,48,43,2,3,3>The go to Indian restaurant in town!  Owners are so wonderfully sweet and food is always consistantly delicious!  I love dining in, but they do offer take out.  Quiet intimate atmosphere. Try the lacha parantha with your dinner.  I always get butter chicken which is rather spicy and a tomato curry sauce, but the chicken tikka masala is perfect as well!  Oh, and dessert is so good!  Gulab Jamun is a little fried dough ball in a rose honey.  Ugh, so delicious!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,8/22/2013,15,21,7,13,6>The Charcuterie here is amazing. The servers are well trained and can help you distinguish between unfamiliar meats and cheeses. They will ask about your palate and suggest dishes. The entrees are a la carte and small by restaurant standards. However if you are a portion conscious eater (as I am) one entree is plenty. I ordered two (because my server said they were small) and was extremely full. The drinks are creative and delicious. All ingredients are farm to table and all are fresh and flavorful.This place is crowded and the wait times are long... UNLESS you make a reservation. I highly recommend this! I believe you can make them through urbanspoon or over the phone.Susie M's review is ridiculous. The servers, menu, and staff clearly state the portion size and price. Perhaps she didn't notice that the filet was dry aged beef, which was aged in house.  I don't know how many of you have ever had dry aged beef, but you usually pay a pretty penny for it. The five ounce serving is delicious and reasonably priced. The menu clearly states sides are a la carte.  I don't understand choosing to order a dish such as this, knowing the size and price beforehand, and then complaining about it.  Perhaps a filet at Logan's Steakhouse would be more suitable to her pocketbook and palate.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/21/2013,11,39,2,2,3>Meat quality suffers, but, hey, this is seriously authentic food, and the flavor is spot-on. Less-than-optimal meat quality is less noticeable in the steak tacos than the chicken ones, in my opinion, if that's a deal breaker for you. Cheese, lime, flavors, and especially the tortilla-- delicious and obviously fresh made-- make this place worth it, even for a meat quality snob like me. And they're TWO DOLLARS each. Come on. That's a steal.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/20/2013,19,32,5,7,6>This review is strictly based on my sushi experience, so it maybe somewhat skewed with considering the overall restaurant. I will begin with explaining my rating.Sushi - 5 stars - When I go, it's usually on a Mon, Tues, or Wed. Why? 15% off on sushi. In my opinion, they are a strong local contender in the consistency and quality of their sushi rolls. Note: I'm not saying they are the highest class, freshest, best in B'ham, or the most creative. To me, they just have a track record of consistently bringing the goods every time. My latest visit actually surprised me with new presentations of the "go 2 sushi" I always get. The sushi chefs are people friendly and quick.Room-Vibe - 2 stars - Yes, one will experience a slight shiver in their inner warning mechanism when you first walk in. It's old, a little dingy, and needs to be updated. Sometimes I like to pretend that I'm in an old kung-fu flick when I enter (at least in my head I do). It's covered in old wood and the sushi area is definitely in need of the extreme home makeovers team to move that bus on the place. Staff - 4 stars - Always nice with a great serving attitude. The waitress that served us last night kept the water flowing in our glasses.Restrooms - 3 stars - No dirty, but not new.So what keeps bringing me back?The consistent quality of sushi. I don't mind feeling like I've stepped on the set of "Enter the Dragon", the sushi is good with a good price tagged to it.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/19/2013,80,246,2,3,3>It's hard to move to a new city and not know where to go to get your hair did.  Thankfully I was referred to Emily Perry and I am so glad I found her!  I've always been the type to stick with the same hair color/cut/style - yes, since I was in high school.  Emily helped me to realize it was time to get rid of my super long, super blonde hair and move in a more sophisticated direction.  I'm so glad I trusted her and I am so looking forward to my next appointment with her!The salon itself is a very nice space and everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful.  My only issue is that the shampoo chairs are really uncomfortable, but that seems to happen to me at every salon...maybe I have a weird neck and just don't know it.I'd like to try their massage and nail services sometime, but I know I'll keep going back to Emily for my hair.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/18/2013,89,327,2,6,5>If you're in the mood for a delicious sandwich Mr. P's is where you want to go. I got the Harley- baked ham, smoked turkey, double pepperjack cheese on a wheat roll. Outstanding! The juicy meat piled is HIGH and flavorful enough that you can actually distinguish between the ham and turkey in each bite.My husband got the Tide AND the Tiger (two different sandwiches). He said they were both very good. The roast beef in the Tide was juicy and tender but he said it was a little fatty.Their homemade italian sausage is super duper and we couldn't resist buying a couple of packages to take home. I've used it for pizza and it was great.I also grabbed some of their cheese crisps. I'm really shocked I didn't eat the whole container in one sitting. Guess I was too full from my gigantic sandwich.Their package deals for the fresh meat are always very tempting so you should check them out. Don't forget to browse the cooler to find yourself some meal components ready to heat and eat.PROS:-Deli sandwiches are fresh and delicious.-Super friendly staff-Wonderful selection of fresh meats and cooler full of side options to complete your mealCONS:-Building sits at a very busy intersection. Be careful!-Seating area is small so if it's crowded you may have trouble finding a seat-Deli meats are very juicy so it can make the bread a little soggy. Consider that if you plan on grabbing a bite for a future meal, it may not save wellList:The BEST Italian sausage  I've ever had.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,8/17/2013,37,65,,3,3>Came here for a Sunday brunch. Seated and served quickly. Friendly, fast server and good food. We split the Huevos Rancheros Supreme breakfast and the waiter split the plates and gave extra fruit and muffin for the split plate at no extra charge. Overall, good food and good service. I would recommend this place!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/16/2013,20,26,2,7,2>I went to MOTM for the first time this weekend to see Joe Pug and it may have been one of my favorite shows in a while.  It was a very intimate setting and you could bring your own beer AND food.  It made for a perfect date night.  My date and I stopped by Hop City, picked our favorite brews, grabbed some food, and had a lovely night seeing a great musician.  FYI, bring your own pop up chairs because otherwise the seating is uncomfortable.  Also, the show is cash only.  So, cooler, food, cash, and chair and you are set!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,8/15/2013,13,11,3,6,2>If you haven't been you must go. They don't make theatres like this anymore. They just don't.  I saw Willie Nelson perform here a couple weeks back and it was incredible. A legendary singer inside a legendary theatre.First, there isn't a bad seat in the house in my opinion. I sat in the Mezzanine and could see the stage with no problem. I did sit behind a clown who danced by himself, but hopefully you won't have that same experience. I went around Christmas time so the tree and decorations were up and they were beautiful.Second, they had a full bar. Beer, wine, booze, it was all there and helped make a good night a great night. They were a little stingy on the pour, but I am sure that is so they don't have 10,000 drunks stumbling around this gorgeous theatre.Even if there isn't an event going on you can go check out a tour of this old place. I would recommend everyone go see it. It is a time capsule of the good old days.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,8/14/2013,2,2,,4,3>Hoover Fitness is a wonderful gym....have been a member for 4+ years and never had a gym membership before....can't say enough great things about it...innovative 21 Day Fat Blast program  will transform your body...the owner cares about the members...always willing to answer questions about exercise or diet...not a meat market...family friendly with quality childcare...24 hour access...and so affordable...just a place where you feel welcome and at home!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,8/12/2013,4,2,2,4,3>A superb dining experience! Elegant, relaxing atmosphere, knowledgeable and friendly servers, and delectable cuisine. The shrimp ceviche with Ahi tuna crudo and soy cured salmon appetizer was absolutely amazing...nothing like it! I also highly recommend choosing a selection of oysters on the half shell from their impressive raw oyster menu, featuring over 14 different kinds of fresh oysters, all harvested from various regions around the globe...a delight for oyster lovers! I only wish we had ordered more than 8!!! The entree selections are unique and offer only the freshest ingredients. Try to save room for dessert...the peanut butter cheesecake with bacon and peanut brittle and vanilla bean creme brûlée are to die for! Upscale dining with a contemporary flair...Ocean is a must for any foodie in the Birmingham area!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,8/11/2013,6,11,2,3,2>This is a great place for a meal. The atmosphere strikes a nice balance between upscale and comfortable. The food is great; it's hard to go wrong with your order, but there's no need to guess about any aspect of the menu, since the servers are able to easily assist with their in-depth knowledge of the menu. The presentation is excellent. For dessert it's hard to go wrong with the white chocolate bread pudding.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/10/2013,7,21,2,4,2>I was in search or a reputable auto repair shop to fix the air conditioner in my Ford Explorer.  I called on a Saturday morning and they said to come right in.  The front desk receptionist was friendly and remembered us from the call earlier.  The car was fixed in 4hrs at a very reasonable price.  When I went to pick the car up the owner personally checked the air in my tires and filled any that needed air.My experience was wonderful and if we need any other repairs on our cars we will definitely return.Thanks Precision!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/9/2013,65,139,5,5,3>So when I first heard about Steel City Pops, I had the same reaction that I'm sure quite a few other people have had - "why is everybody going crazy over *popsicles*?!"  I mean, it's a *popsicle* folks - sugar water, frozen, on a stick.  But I'm gonna tell you right now, believe. the. hype.  Steel City's work is for reals, son.  Lol.  And I'm going to do you a favor - I'm going to do what no one else seemed to be able to do for me, when I was still lost in the popsicle wilderness.  I'm going to explain to you *exactly* why these things are as great as they are, and why the hype machine is in full-force over them.  So grab your keys and get ready to hit the car after you read this, cuz you're gonna want some just that quick. :DThe magic that is Steel City Pops is three-fold.  The first - nostalgia.  Eating a popsicle in summer is a wonderful reminder of when I was a kid, running like a stoner to the ice cream truck, shoving my money at the driver, and grabbing a cherry popsicle like a breath of oxygen in space.  Those were awesome times, and going to town on a 'sicle just brings those days back.  The second - flavors.  As a kid, although I wasn't complaining, we were stuck with the basics - cherry, lemon, grape, banana, "blue".  They were great, true, but there wasn't much variety.  Then Steel City comes along and throws red and white polka-dot suspenders in our black tie affair with flavors like watermelon (which tastes like an actual watermelon, people...if I'm lying I'm dying), blood orange, and *80s-cartoon-eye-bulge* pineapple jalapeño.  What?!  Yeah.  And the flavors list goes on and on.  It's incredible...  Finally, the third - the "Steel City Secret".  For the life of me, I don't know how they do it, but it's a HUGE part of why I'm falling in love with these things.  I've only tasted two - mine and the rest of my wife's - but somehow SCP has figured out how to keep the popsicle completely frozen, but yet "leaky" at the same time.  By "leaky" I mean, the popsicle is juicy but still remains solid as you eat it.  So you end up slurping the entire time you're devouring it, while all the flavor holds your taste buds hostage, with no worries of it falling from the stick.  It's craaaaaazy, but sooooooo good.And that, my friends, is what all the fuss and fanaticism is all about.  Seriously, Steel City Pops is definitely pushing out some great quality teeth-chattering enjoyment, and you owe it to the sticky-faced kid inside you to find out for yourself.  Enjoy!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,8/8/2013,54,13,3,4,3>If you're hot on one of the 200+ hit days of the year in Birmingham, just pull a single dollar out of your wallet and go to Sno Biz.  They have like 50 flavors, and the small is almost too much to eat.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,8/5/2013,80,194,2,4,3>I don't go to many Bistros but when I do I go to Bistro V.I have only been during their Sunday Brunch menu which includes all the standard Brunch options such as French Toast, Eggs Benedict, and an excellent Poached Egg Plate. At that time they also serve a Seafood Poboy which you can choose either Fried Oysters, Grilled or Fried Shrimp, and Grilled or Blackened Grouper. I had the Fried Shrimp Poboy my most recent visit and it was excellent.My wife had the Bistro Burger and it was cooked to a perfect medium well and was really good. I of course tried a bite.We also got an order of the Shrimp and Grits to share at the table and it was amazing.These guys benefit from having a Seafood Store just a few doors down that they get all their seafood from.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,8/4/2013,11,23,2,6,2>Our 3 dogs love the care they get at Cahaba Beach. Recently moving to Birmingham from another southern city that had outstanding options for boarding and parks our family was relieved to find cahaba beach dog park. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. The boarding and daycare facilities are clean and the best in the area hands down. The temperament testing mentioned in a previous yelp review is a god send. having used public dog parks in the past and having to deal with the over aggressive crowd this is test is one of the main reasons we are willing to pay to use a private dog park. Our family loves having the ability to check on our dogs with the webcams in the boarding facilities. Keep up the outstanding work cahaba beach dog park we look forward to sharing our hounds with your able and polite staff :)
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,8/3/2013,62,78,2,8,2>I can't believe I have not written a review of the Red Pearl in my 6+ years of living in Birmingham.  After living in Boston for years with its Chinatown a short walk from my apartment interspersed with quarterly trips to NYC with all of its Chinese glory (hello Brooklyn!), I was deathly afraid of my options in BHM.  While we really only have SOM/RP and Mr. Chen's as our best options, our options could be much worse.The decor is minimal and looks like a standard Chinese restaurant in Boston's Chinatown.  You're here for the food anyway, not the decor.  Note, the food is also served family style, which means they bring each dish to your table as it's ready.  This is also typical and far from the usual Western notions of food delivery where all dishes ordered arrive at once (i.e. entrees at one time). They do not have a beer/wine license but you can buy beer at the market.  It's best to go with a group so share lots of dishes family style.  With that said, two of us go a little overboard and typically spend nearly $40 after tip for lunch.  The menu is somewhat varied but I wish they would switch it up more.  In no particular order except #11) With that said, the double(d) spicy chicken is probably my favorite dish.  Spicy but not blow your mind hot.  2) The fish soup is plenty ma-la with Sichuan peppers but the taste can be overpowering (numbing).  3) The beef with jalapenos is my jam but sometimes they go overboard with the japs and too little beef for the price. 4) Ground pork with chili and black bean is good too but it's been a while. 5) Hot and spicy fish fillet is probably our second favorite with a little spice, but not as much as the name suggests.  6) Salt and Pepper squid is also one of my favorites here and muy deliciouso.  7) For veggies, I like the sautéed pea leaves and the long bean.  8) Eggplant Pork and Basil in Hot Pot is also a winner.  9) Soups vary but I think the Hot and Sour has too much black pepper and bamboo.  The watercress and pork is decent but not very strong flavor-wise.  More clean. Don't expect much for service except for them to deliver your food.  I can live with that since the food is so good.  Does it compare with the food served at authentic Taiwanese, Sichuan, Cantonese, etc. restaurants in larger metro areas?  Some dishes do actually.  Try it out yourself.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,8/2/2013,691,1142,3,4,3>Miss Myra's is everything you'd find in a family-owned BBQ restaurant that has been around since your grandfather's grandfather was a baby. You feel that many generations of customers have walked through this store before you, and the collection of antiques found in every corner of this store bear witness to that. It's looks run-down with the seats and tables feeling like they should belong in a museum of garage sales but the furnishing is what gives this restaurant its charm.Even though this restaurant boasts of more pig figurines than a dollar store, the pork was actually not the best item. If this were any other restaurant, the pulled pork would have been delicious, fresh, and ready to embrace red BBQ sauce. However, the dark chicken meat was the real winner with a smoky flavor I haven't tasted in chicken before. This goes best with white BBQ sauce. You have the option of getting white chicken meat, but the dark chicken is the real deal. The banana pudding runs has an awful presentation like someone decided to get some whip cream, banana, and soft crust and smash it all together and thought this might be a great dessert. It worked.The green bean sides were delicious, soft, hot, salty, and balanced the meats well. The deviled eggs were creamy yolky, and delicious. Don't touch the bread rolls.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/1/2013,72,51,4,3,3>Milo's rocks! I don't know what's in that secret sauce, but I have always suspected it contains heroin or something equally addictive. The sauce comes already mixed to the stores, so the employees don't know what's in it, either. But I do know that the secret ingredient on the french fries is popcorn salt! Tasty. Best fries around, as well, so don't overlook that.The other magical product at Milo's is the tea. The tea was so good that they created a separate company to sell it! You can find Milo's Tea at gas stations, etc. all around now. And there is no such thing as "un-sweet" Milo's tea - you should just get a Diet Coke if you're not getting the sweet tea. But back to the sauce - no, you can't dunk you're fries in it! That ruins the fries and wastes the sauce. Don't do it. But you cannot have too much sauce on your Milo Burger or cheeseburger. Don't go with a tie on - I have done it, I admit, but it's dangerous. You'll either spill something on your shirt and/or tie, or you'll get the sauce on your pants because you didn't realize it was on your hands when you reached into your pocket for your keys.As for the fries, no, you cannot put ketchup on them!!! Agh! You're ruining the fries if dunk them in ketchup, and it's even worse than dunking them in the Milo's sauce. I put ketchup on my fries at McDonald's, etc., but NOT AT MILO'S!I've been eating at Milo's for 30 years, and as the company has grown, they have had to learn to cater to the uninitiated. It was a sad day when they first offered ketchup for the ignorant. It was an eye-rolling day when they introduced soft-serve ice cream, but I understood because it's such an obvious money-maker. The chicken tenders, well, I guess I'll accept it, as not everyone like burgers (commies!). They're not bad, at least as good as anyone else's chicken fingers, and the sauce helps. But it's not the same. I view it as something I can get my kids while I enjoy the burger.People have strong opinions about Milo's: love or hate. There's no in between. But unless you're some sort of vegan or just really persnickety about sticky fingers (great album, by the way), you'll love it.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,7/31/2013,13,5,2,2,2>The day I drove by Primavera Coffee Roasters, I cried a latte caffeinated tears. However, when I heard that they merged with Atlanta's cult-favorite coffee joint, Octane, I was truly excited. They are located in a beautiful location in Homewood and still offer the best coffee drinks in town. Their coffee beans are roasted in view of the register, and all of their flavored syrups are all expertly crafted in-house. All of their beverages are like a liquid symphony of caffeine in my mouth. In addition to their fine drinks, they offer a delicious line of gourmet pastries and treats. I almost hesitate to so highly praise my favorite coffeehouse because I fear the inevitable crowds once the secret is out, but they have earned the accolades for their fine products and service. If you are a fan of true coffee artistry, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,7/30/2013,3,11,3,3,3>We had an amazing dinner.   D and I arrived early to secure a table of eight so we sat at the bar and enjoyed the fabulous blues band.  We started off the night with a couple of beers and the wings. The smoked chicken wings were phenomenal.  So good that I hated to share.We also ordered a few appetizers for the table when we were seated; the homemade jalapeño poppers, fried pickles, and more wings (yes they were that good)jalapeno poppers = fresh peppers stuffed with smoked Gouda and pulled pork, the batter was great not too little not too muchFried pickles = sliced pickles fried :)I had the fried oyster sandwich.  It was so messy and totally worth it.  The oysters took center stage with your basic white bun and iceberg lettuce.  The oysters were cooked to perfection and the batter was full of flavor, perfect perfect.  I spilt an order of the regular fries with d and we couldn't finish them.  I totally recommend splitting otherwise you'll have lots of leftovers.   D had the blackened fish sandwich.  I didn't try it cause I didn't care to share mine.  He ain't the whole thing which is a good sign.  I cannot wait to go back.  Maybe tomorrow for brunch!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,7/29/2013,2,4,3,4,2>LOVE this place! The stylist are extremely talented and the prices are great as well! I wouldn't go anywhere else! Meg is a rock star!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/28/2013,14,40,2,4,3>I've decided to upgrade Dave's to 4 stars!It deserves the extra star because of the excellent, FREE music they provide as well as some pretty kick ass drink specials. They don't do the stupid happy hour thing that ends before I even make it out. They last all night. Almost every Thursday night this summer I've been enjoying some of the finest music Birmingham has to offer as Dave's has been hosting Sam Gunderson Trio. Please do yourself a favor and check them out.And as always, sitting out on the patio hanging with some friends, having a beer.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/27/2013,36,269,3,7,3>This is where my wife takes ALL things she needs altered/tailored. You can tell from the second you walk in that Chau is a professional at the top of her game, with all the Miss Alabama glamour shots adorning the walls. Fair prices, top notch work--look no further, Chau is the best. And it's not just for the ladies--I've had a suit taken in here, after dropping some lbs. (a few years ago...)
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/26/2013,44,240,,3,2>I haven't spent any money, but I visited this place.  They have very cool opportunities to purchase, rent, test, try, eat, drink.  If you want to just take a day to shoot, you can rent out any of a number of guns, buy some ammo and a target all to shoot in their indoor range.  There's a gun rental fee as well as a range shooting fee.  They have a decent selection of used/new guns for sale in the shop, too.  The inside atmosphere could be spiced up a bit to look a little more appealing, but it's a firearms place so you can't expect anything too elaborate.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,7/25/2013,43,13,4,4,3>I'm really impressed with Birmingham's new ballpark. Despite not being a particularly big baseball fan, I really enjoyed the game I attended. Everything about the Regions Field seems top-notch, and it's the sort of place that makes for a nice outing regardless of age. I was there on the third night the park was open, and the concessions were a little slow (I missed a good inning and a half just trying to grab a hot dog), but I'm sure that'll get better as the staff gains experience. Everyone I dealt with was very nice and welcoming, by the way. The only other thing I wouldn't mind seeing them change is the sound effects selection (for foul balls, strike outs, etc.). A fair amount of the ones that were used were either too loud, ill-timed, or obnoxious (and all three of those in some cases).
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,7/24/2013,109,165,2,2,3>I love this place!  It's our favorite wine shoppe!  My mom and I were some of the first customers when the store was in the old location.  I've been to their wine tastings and am glad to see that Pleasure Is All Wine has expanded their stock to include an extensive collection of beer.  Seriously, they are stocked with all my favorites that aren't easy to find.  The "orphan" beer and wine box always has great deals...and there's specials too.  Prices are good - Anna and Lorranie are super friendly.  And the new menu is tasty.  I like the dips and finger foods they sale too.  Lorraine has some reds that I haven't found anywhere else.  I live in Trussville now, but try to shop here whenever I can.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,7/23/2013,2,3,,3,1>I love it here! Having lived in the area for a while, it's so refreshing to have another lunch choice. THey have such a great variety and your food is made to order! The ingredients have always been really fresh and great quality. This is a great spot to meet up with friends. I love the outdoor seating and wish spring would get here! They also have a fantastic selection of frozen casseroles that I can take home and keep on hand. Everything is made by hand at the Cahaba Heights location and is fantastic. My favorite is the Spanish and Chicken lasagna. They've also added a vegetarian and gluten free option with the Eggplant parm. While it's not a gluten free kitchen, many of the items are gluten free!Delicious! Also, if you're looking for a good sandwich try the chicken salad or the turkey and spanish aoil.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,7/22/2013,4,19,2,2,2>Well, they're no Toys R Us. Thank goodness! This is a rare remnant of the old fashioned toy store. Quality toys, minus the gimmicky fads.On top of that, the majority of the employees happen to be the owners, which is another rarity. They not only know their toys- they know kids, too. Just tell them junior's age and interests- and they'll make sure you're the hero of the birthday party!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,7/21/2013,45,202,2,3,2>Friendly staff.  Clean, not pushy to add on services, etc.  Dr. Jacobson is effieienct, friendly and makes you feel comfortable.  (As one can undressed getting your body checked!)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,7/20/2013,61,39,3,4,4>Had such a great time hanging out with some fellow Yelpers at Hop City yesterday.  Food was supplied by Green Central Station so, of course, it was delicious.  Eating a brownie from Green Central should be on your bucket list.  They're that good.  It's a perfect combination of 'fudgey' and 'cakey' with wonderful little bits of chocolate chunks. Swoon!!Being the good people they are, Good People Brewing let us drink all the IPA and Brown Ale we could handle while we were there.  If we needed more choices, Hop City sells every beer that's sold in Alabama as well as plenty of wine.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,7/19/2013,18,53,2,5,2>Wow, can't believe nobody's reviewed this place.I've always liked Chinese food. As a child my parents frequented China Garden (which is now a strip joint/arcade) at the end of Montclair past the old Eastwood Mall. When it closed down they chose Shangri-La as their new spot and I was along for the ride.What's great about this place is that it's hidden away on Montevallo amongst nail places and fast food joints. More times than not you can walk in and get a table with no wait. Wednesday nights are occasionally busy.The food here is excellent and consistent. Everything and anything you get will be delicious. My dad likes sauteed bean curd (tofu) and it looks god-awful but it's growing on me. No MSG, good quality ingredients, experienced chefs, you can't go wrong. The pricing is pretty moderate for Birmingham but you get more than you pay for. You could probably get a full meal for two for about $25.00 including tip.Service is also spot on. Ask for Jimmy, he's a friend of mine and very funny. The guy's got a memory like a steel trap. Ms. Yeap, the cashier, is extremely nice as well. Easily the best Chinese food in Birmingham for half the price of places like P.F. Chang's. You'd be a fool not to try it once.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,7/18/2013,202,144,5,10,9>Where is the "BETTER THAN IT GETS" 6-Yelp Star Button?As far as my pups go - They are priority number one when I leave town.Since I have no kids, my dogs are my "kids".  They go to work with me.  They sit on the sofa and read with me.  They like to watch Animal Planet with me.  And they sleep with me.  I would much rather pay someone the cost of a hotel night's stay to come hang with my babies when I'm away (ALERT all you hungry dog sitters!  I'm a SUCKER) than take them to the vet - so when I plan a trip, I factor in 2x the hotel cost just so my fur babies can sleep in my bed. On my recent trip to Turkey, however, the thought of being out of the country, a 14 hour plane trip away, for two weeks, and with not much access to the Homeland made me think twice about having a pet sitter come to the house.  What if my dogs escaped the backyard?  What if the pet sitter didn't lock the doors when she left? (Cash can open doors, let himself in, grab a beer from the fridge and chill like Ice Cube on the sofa - no lie)  What if something happened to them, medically, and I wasn't here?  All that made me search for the best place to leave them for the 13 days I was  gone.  I came up with World Class Kennels in Harpersville, and I couldn't have made a better decision.  I live OTMx2 (don't laugh you In Towners!  You don't need a passport to get to my hood!), and World Class Kennels is a bit further down 280 - but this place is pretty.  Lots of room to roam - and if you're a dog, especially one who was bred to chase lions in South Africa, that's a "good thing".  Their kennels are spacious and private - they have concrete walls so all the dogs are not barking back and forth at each other.  Each of the kennels has a little cot and blankets (we brought our own bed and woobies - they were in 7th heaven!)  They have automatic watering devices - so there's no thirsty-ness going on.  We opted for the indoor-outdoor version, which has a little door to the outside yard that they can come in and out of at will.  Cash warmed right up to that idea as soon as he got there - in and out and in and out and in and out.  They also get to play three times a day in the big yards - they have three separate yards, in case your pup doesn't play well with others.  AND - they even have themed rooms (UA and AU, Sylvester and Tweety, Pippi Longstocking), with little beds and stuff in case you have one of those fluffy frou-frou fur babies.   All the amenities are wonderful.  And the fact that they have choices for play time is great, but when it comes to the lil ones, pet care is important to me.  My Beagle has an ear infection (another reason I was hesitant to leave her with someone at the casa).  She apparently had quite a flare up while I was away.  Sharon Kidd, the owner, called my vet and had meds sent over, and administered them.  Since we didn't leave food (my babies aren't picky eaters), she thought that maybe a change in Sunni's diet might help, so she changed her diet, and since it worked, she sent some of her new food home with a note and the name of the local Seed & Feed of where to find it (McEwen's - but that's another review!).  She took the time to care about my dogs.  When we have to leave them for a weekend at the vet, they come home tired, neurotic and stinky.  Cash and Sunni enjoyed their visit - they were well rested, nobody had any eating issues, they smelled like they did when they were dropped off.  Their blankets and bed were freshly washed and folded.  The BEST part???  I walked in the door from my 24 hour day of traveling at midnight.  My fur babies were at my front door, courtesy of their Pet Taxi Service, at 7:30 in the morning while I was making my coffee.Next trip away, my kids are going to World Class!!!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/17/2013,0,5,,2,2>I went here earlier in the year to see a Duncan Sheik concert - and like others have said, it's a very small, intimate venue. The seating was great, the lighting and table/chair arrangement was good...and basically the entire experience was a great one. The loudness of the opening acts was a bit too much though (must be getting "old man" ears), but that was probably due to the performers' equipment settings, not the venue itself. Also, parking was painless and just across the street. It's also in a nice part of Birmingham's downtown area, so I didn't feel unsafe going to it/parking there, even though I went in and left after dark.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,7/16/2013,88,57,9,4,4>Great BBQ.  Probably the best in town.  It is strange because every time I go in this place it is nothing but men.  It seems like they need a sign that says, "For men only".  They have wonderful food, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  My only problem is that their seating has a bit left to be desired.  It's all picnic tables.  As a lady, I like to be delicate and beautiful.  When I go to sit down at this place I have to stretch my legs just to sit down.  I am sure I look like a weirdo every time I try to sit at these manly picnic tables. In the past they had booths and tables.  Now, it's only picnic tables.    :  ( FYI:  Don't wear a skirt to this place unless you want everyone seeing your lady business.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/15/2013,12,20,4,5,5>Well, there some fussy people up in this review section. Good--that leaves more food for the rest of us. Saw's Soul Kitchen is a scrappy dive with amazing food. It's so small and so popular that they do occasionally run out of stuff towards closing time.Co-owner Brandon Cain was a chef at Ocean, which means the seafood dishes are just as good as the pork. You can usually get a fish portion on your grits & greens if you ask for it. The burgers are the best I've ever had, though I haven't had the famous Chez Fon Fon burger yet, so I'll wait to say they're the best in town. I eat here a lot, and I love the Bakers for a change of pace. They weigh in at over 3 lbs. each, and you can eat on them for days. The wings are amazing, and they sell them now in quantities greater than 6, which is good news. The Sweet Tea Chicken Sandwich tastes like a chef's version of Chick-Fil-A and is perfect with sweet potato fries. I get greens as a side for whatever I order, because they're good for you and delicious.Unless you come at 3:30 on a Tuesday, you WILL have to fight for parking, you WILL have to wait in line, you WILL have to wait for your food, and you will NOT be treated like a princess, because Tinka is not your maid. But if you understand all that, you'll have a great time and enjoy some of Birmingham's best food.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,7/13/2013,52,6,2,2,2>This is one of my office's "go-to" lunch spots for business meetings, or just when the whole crew needs a good lunch. Today I had the Filet Mignon 'Diablo' Salad. The description on the menu was a little misleading, but the dish was so tasty nevertheless.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/12/2013,4,27,1,6,2>This is our favorite Mexican restaurant in town and our go-to place when we are in the mood for big margaritas, spicy salsa, great guacamole, grilled beef and shrimps. The fajitas here are excellent, well flavored and tender. It's one of the few places that serve shrimp chiles rellenos, and their fried seafood tacos are great too. Mountains of food, very reasonably priced in a friendly, home-style atmosphere. What is there not to like?
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/11/2013,26,227,2,6,4>With the quasi-recent change over at Primavera to Octane, Urban Standard is now brewing Counter Culture coffee (out of neighboring Southern hotspot, ATL), and the quality continues to ride high. The staff gets friendlier with each visit, and when things are a little slow they are more than happy to talk coffee - brewing styles, grinds, sources, roasts, whatever - with an interested patron (i.e. me...). I'm a big fan of the soup-of-the-day offerings (usually two options) that you can order solo or alongside a sandwich. The black bean chili is always a winner, and if they have a tomato bisque, you can't pass up the quintessential grilled cheese-tomato soup combo, because it is fantastic!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,7/10/2013,31,56,,3,3>Short of it -  If this beer or wine can be found in Birmingham then Hop City probably has (or had and sold out of) it.  The draft beer to go selection is by far the largest in the state, they have a large home brewing section, and the staff is very friendly and they know their stuff.  Long story - If they had a beer or wine and sold out of it I bet if they would suggest places to look for it that might still have it! That is how knowledgeable and friendly the staff is!  On tap (with pricing for 64 oz and 32 oz to go and pints for drinking there) they have many highly sought after beers, local beers, and even a section of small batch beers.  The people here will definitely help you find something if you know a lot about beer, some about beer, or even nothing about beer.  They are always getting the newest stuff in and they continue to carry the year round favorites in bottles/cans and on draft.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/9/2013,113,225,2,2,3>Had the chocolate pb tonight---very good, but melted very quickly.  My friend had raspberry lemon and we shared. Good combo to go back and forth with. I hope the do strawberry balsamic again soon!:)
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,7/8/2013,57,115,8,8,6>The best value you will ever get for a $20 car wash!Make sure you have time when you go there, like 40 minutes because the attention to detail they put in does take time. When they pulled up my car after it was done, I sat there like an idiot because the car was so clean I really didn't recognize it.There is no way I will use another car wash, the price is incredible for the quality of the work you get!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,7/7/2013,35,180,3,5,3>Well, I finally managed to be in Vestavia Hills around lunch time, so I hit Kool Korner. It was a late lunch, and I had to get on with my day, so I went for the Cuban Sandwich with chips and drink. Not used to my Cuban sandwiches having lettuce, tomato, and jalapeno on it, but it was good. I actually like pork slow roasted with peppers, so it was enjoyable. The pork was tender, and appeared to be freshly sliced. Staff were friendly, and service was quick, but to be fair it was 1:45 and lunch crowd was gone. The restaurant and dining area were clean. Overall, a good, solid sandwich shop. Now if only I could convince some co-workers to try it out...
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/5/2013,49,40,,3,2>Walking in, it is the kind of music store that I really love!  Around every corner there was something old or rare or at least really cool.  The store specializes in used gear so you never know what you're going to find!  Emanuel, the shop owner was knowledgeable on all his gear and was not afraid to suggest another shop if you wanted something he didn't have at the moment.  A great small independent business that I hope is very succesful!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/4/2013,15,112,,1,2>My friends brought me here while I was in town for a visit and I really liked it! The inside has a cool look to it and the outside area was a great place to just chill and talk and enjoy the beer.  They also had live music outside (but we showed up late so we didn't really get to catch it).  They had a lot of different beer offerings (which I liked since I'm not a big beer fan, so they have something for everyone!).  I tried the cherry saison and it was pretty tasty! Overall I think if I lived in Birmingham, this would be a pretty regular place for my husband and I.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/3/2013,5,6,2,4,3>A speak-easy morphed with Casa Bonita brings you the Blue Monkey!For myself, there's a trifecta checklist when it comes to thoroughly enjoying a bar, and the Blue Monkey crosses off all three:1) Originality, from the menu to the venue, it's gotta be unique and boy is the Blue Monkey. It has plenty of seclusive seating areas from leather couches, to a cobblestone patio. It also entertains a piano man that isn't the center of attention, but is more of an ambient surprise.2) Quality of drinks, From the old fashions to the martinis, the Blue Monkey has knowledgeable bartenders that spend time on your drink and it pays off. Sure they're pricy but it's comparable to the quality. 3) Mood/atmosphere- This is more subjective and greatly varies from me to you, but for my third must-have, a bar must have the right setting. The Blue Monkey isn't a blaring cover band kind of place, but rather a venue that has positive vibes from real conversations flowing throughout the entire place. It makes you feel good to sit back and take it all in while enjoying a fantastic cocktail.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,7/2/2013,73,6,2,3,2>Such a great spot for family treats, whether its a hot dog or a burger or some hand-shaved Italian Ice. Locally-owned and operated and one of our favorites... #EatTheHamTucked away in shopping center next to Wal-Mart in East Bham, off Montclair Rd. Find it right next to one of our favorite mexican spots, La Hacienda...
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/1/2013,15,36,1,3,1>I've been visting Fox and Hound for years. When it was one of the few places on 280 to go to it used to be packed after work. But now 30 new places to go and a reccesion has hit and it's not quite as busy as it used to be after work. Lunch is still packed because the food is so good and if you look around the dining room is packed at night. - So although not quite as busy as it used to be. I have found the manager there is all about good food and good service. I have used their catering services as well and they are awesome with their service. Fox and Hound is a great place to go watch a game or bring the office. - Highly recommended!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,6/30/2013,6,6,,3,2>We went for the first time a few nights ago.  I had heard terrific things about Mikey's Grill and for most part it didn't disappoint. My husband ordered the chicken saltimbocca and asparagus with balsamic glaze. I took a small bite of both and was not disappointed. The chicken saltimbocca while a bit rich (perfect for a splurge though) had wonderful flavor with the prosciutto and mushroom in the Marsala cheese sauce. I decided to keep it fairly simple and ordered a cup of gumbo (delicious!), small Greek salad and crab cake. The crab cake, which s what Mikey's is known for was HEAVENLY.  Absolutely five stars! Now here's my negatives - my Greek salad left something to be desired. It was like balsamic vinegar soup with lettuce thrown in. It would have been better if there hadn't been so much and so overwhelming.  The other thing was our server. He was friendly but he wasn't as attentive as you would expect. It took a long time to order and then you wouldn't see him for a while. With that said, overall the meal was wonderful and we would definitely go back.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,6/29/2013,41,54,3,9,6>Whoa! This place is awesome! I stopped by Iron City last night to hang with the Lochamy brothers during their radio show and left wondering why the heck I haven't been hanging out there regularly. From the street it can be hard to tell what you are getting into, but the inside is amazing. It is divided up into 3 parts; The "bar area" is spacious and clean with plenty of bar space and a great selection of draft beer, wine and cocktails. It even has a small stage that's perfect for an intimate music(or radio) show.The "resturaunt/grill area" is Rouge Tavern meets Buffalo Wild Wings with the same great beverage selections as the bar, large TVs, waited tables, a full restaurant menu(I would be remiss if I didn't suggest the salmon burger!) and a small stage for yet again more live music. The main attraction at this venue though is the "main stage area". It consists of a large stage-front floor bordered by stage-height seating/standing area and then a balcony that borders the perimeter of the room. It is designed for great views of the band from every square foot with traffic flow and bar access in mind. You can see a headlining act on this stage and feel like it's a private show. If you haven't been to Iron City yet, put it on your short list of Birmingham venues to visit as the summer kicks off!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,6/28/2013,31,141,2,3,4>Theatre Downtown is great alternative place to experience the theatre here in Birmingham. Located on the top floor of Fifth Avenue Antiques, this location is certainly unique when it comes to the performing arts. The actual theatre itself is on the smallish side, which I think makes for a more personal experience. Because seating is limited, be sure to get there early for your front row seats!The first night of each show is "hobo night" where you can pay whatever you want to see the show. Theatre can get expensive, so I appreciate this option. I'm not sure if there is an age-limit to the shows here, but I'm going to assume that most aren't kid friendly as there have been pretty adult themes (language, particularly) in the shows that I've seen.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/27/2013,34,13,4,6,4>The Garage.Is.Awesome! Why only 4 stars, you say? Because Yelp does not do 4 1/2 stars...and The Garage doesn't take credit cards and they have an "independently owned" ATM with crazy high fees. So, as a matter of principle I cannot give them 5 stars.On to the real info...First off, soups and sandwiches are two of my favorite foods. I know, really exciting, huh? And, The Garage Cafe has some of the best fresh daily, homemade soups and made to order sandwiches you are going to find anywhere. And, as far as the food goes that is it. But, on a warm, sunny day you cannot have a more enjoyable lunch. The Garage Cafe is, well, an old garage turned into a cafe and one of the coolest bars you will find anywhere. By day, its a favorite of the locals for warm weather lunches in the courtyard. By night, its a hidden gem of a dive bar. This is not one of those trendy, uppity places where people get gussied up for no reason and show up just to be seen. This is a real watering hole, for real locals...and possibly the thousands of other people that pop in because The Garage was named in GQ magazine's "10 Bars Worth Flying To," list. Well, GQ was right on the money even if they did end a sentence in a preposition.If you are not from Birmingham the Garage is hard to find. If you are from B'ham, well then the Garage is hard to find...unless you've been there before. But, its worth the 2 or 3 laps around the block searching. Inside the bar it's small. Like runt of the smurfs small. There's a not much room to roam around or mingle. But, that's okay because the magic of this place is through the back doors. At first glance the courtyard at The Garage just looks like an estate sale on a giant patio. There's old metal chairs at concrete tables and a cat or two running around. Old garage doors hide an eclectic hoard of what seems to be junk. But, once you sit down for a few minutes the place start to grow on you like the ivy climbing all over the wrought iron surroundings. There is just something about the place. And, you have to check it out for yourself to really understand it. Do yourself a favor and try to find it. If you do find it...you'll understand what the buzz is about.  PS The soups and the sandwiches are really, really good.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,6/26/2013,4,1,2,5,4>My husband and I love this place. The atmosphere is fantastic and their decoration is just INSANE! The chips and salsa at this place is to die for. I mean your mouth will water just thinking about it (after you taste it, of course). Great ambiance and the service is great too. If you are on the fence about trying out this place, you should DO IT. It's great!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,6/25/2013,15,8,2,2,2>Do yourself a favor and just go! After a quick survey of which restaurant to go to, all fingers pointed here. We arrived around 9:00 and the place was still packed. We were seated at the chef's bar within about 15-20 minutes and ordered a drink from the most friendly, knowledgeable bar tender I have encountered. Our waitress was super nice. She took her time explaining the menu and making thoughtful recommendations. She offered to put together her favorites for our antipasti plate. We enjoyed grazing on our antipasti assortment and the (not fried) calamari. The two of us split the generous Bietola pizza. The sausage was amazing. With the bread, the small antipasti, calamari, and pizza, we were quite full with leftovers to take home. Overall opinion: quality food at a good price, but wine did seem a little pricey. This place is competing with Bottega Cafe as our go to spot. Look forward to returning soon!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,6/24/2013,0,7,2,3,2>Good atmosphere, and quality food makes Mafiaoza's a good place to "meet and eat".  Family friendly, there is a dough bar to keep the young ones occupied while you enjoy a nice meal.  Friday night was a bit crowded, and service speed suffered a bit, but this is to expected when that busy. (wait time for pizza was about 45mins).  Very cool that you can order by the slice, with a WIDE variety of toppings.  The slices were about $2.50 + $0.50 per topping.  Being able to order by the slice really does free you up to try something different without buying a whole pie.   For something other than pizza, there is plenty to choose from.  Would I go back?: "I Would go back with friends as a good place to meet up, but wouldn't be top of my list to just grab a quick diner."
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/23/2013,49,51,2,2,2>One of my favorite places to go when I have a sunny day off work! Great area for playing frisbee, going for a jog, having a picnic, or (my favorite) taking a nap in the sweet sunshine. No question, Railroad Park is a pretty cool place. And I suspect it will only get better, especially with the new stadium coming up nearby!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,6/22/2013,11,49,2,3,3>I've been coming here for over a year now and still love it. I had been here many years ago to get my haircut before my wedding and it was a great experience but at the time I didn't see paying this much for a haircut every few weeks. Then after many years of just going to average salons, getting sub par service and dealing with playing therapist to my stylist I had enough. The first salon I tried in my search for a new place was Richard Joseph. It was a great experience and I was hooked. As a guy I don't do much to treat or pamper myself so coming here every few weeks is my way of doing that now. Shelby has been my stylist and is awesome! He is so talented and very easy to get along with. Recently I have started recommending him to friends and family. And I'm pleased to say that everyone that I have recommended to him has vowed to come back because they had such an incredible experience.  He does a lot of their editorial work for adverts or photo shoots and is amazingly talented to only be in his early 20's.I've also been going to their spa to get massages and it is equally impressive in atmosphere, service and relaxation. I'd recommend Joe, although I'm sure all the massage therapist are great too.It honestly shocks me that there are even a few bad reviews on Yelp for Richard Joseph. For over a year I have experienced nothing but excellent customer service and quality.  Everyone knows my name when I walk in. The staff are super personable and I highly anticipate coming in every three weeks to not only get a haircut but to see all these great people. Sure its expensive but the old saying is true, "You get what you pay for". And at Richard Joseph your paying for an awesome experience. Included in the base haircut price you get great food and drinks, a relaxing shampoo and neck massage with hot towel, a hand massage or foot massage and a great haircut. That's pretty awesome! I would even go as far as to say a bargain when you sit down and think about it. Give Richard Joseph SalonSpa a try. You will not regret it. I promise! Don't listen to the haters.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,6/21/2013,8,8,,2,1>Opening night  no better service anywhere in town!!! Food was incredible. Jaie the manage best customer service I've seen in my 22 years of being in the food and beverage industry ! Angela my server was outstanding actually knew the menu and could recommend good and wine!! Won't hesitate to go back with friends.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,6/20/2013,1,8,2,2,2>YUM YUM YUM Best in fried oysters and onion rings! Possibly the best fried ANYTHING. Large dining area, fast service, relatively inexpensive, spacious parking lot and so much more. My husband raves about the fried chicken which I want to try but everytime we go I get those fried oysters because they're so good.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/19/2013,22,229,,1,2>I was told that in this place they kwon how to BBQ, and I can confirm they do!Ambience is poor, small, and you pay at the counter.Food selection is good, you can find several kind of cuts, greens, and backed beans.Drink selection is good enough, more then 5 beer choices, tea, and some more.Their BBQed food is just perfect. Melting in the mouth, not too heavy sauced or salty, but just greatly balanced.  A must go in town.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/18/2013,5,20,2,3,2>We are regulars here for sushi. Do:-Order sushi. I have enjoyed every roll I have tried. -Go on a weekday before 6:30pm. They have an amazing happy hour menu. $2 hot sake? Yes, please.Don't:-Get hibachi.-Go on a weekend. Way too crowded.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,6/17/2013,0,2,2,4,3>Absolutely the best Italian restaurant in Birmingham.  Small, private, personal service, and excellent food.  Calamari, which is usually overdone elsewhere, is always perfect here.  I like mine Fra D'Avilo (probably just butchered the spelling).  I love to take my wife here for a date.  This place makes you feel special, and I cannot complement the food enough.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,6/16/2013,7,48,,1,1>Not sure why this place doesnt have 5 stars. I have had lots of sushi and this is some of the best! They can get pretty slammed at times and when they do service can sometimes lack. They also have happy hour (3-6 I think) with great deals.  I always start with the ginger salad and miso soup. I have had almost every roll on the menu and they are all great. I drive all the way from Samford to go here... its that good. Weekdays are less crowded then weekends. I enjoy sitting at the bar.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/15/2013,48,43,,2,1>Love this little hole in the wall chinese restaurant!  Owners are so sweet and food is really inexpensive and tasty!  Lunch is super cheap here!  I love their seasame chicken because it has got a kick to it.  Or, try the lemon chicken if you like something a little sweeter.  It's everything a little Chinese resaurant should be.  Parking is hard to find in 5 pts. so try to go early or during the week!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,6/14/2013,80,246,3,3,2>Genesis Nail Spa is a good option in Homewood for basic pedicures and shellac manicures.  The shop is new and clean, well-lit, and everyone is friendly.  They take appointments and I have seen some long wait times on Saturday afternoons.  The pedis are very throughout, which is probably leading to the longer waits.  When you are the one in the chair, you don't seem to mind :)  Prices are comparable to other nail shops in the area, but Genesis is much newer and cleaner than some other spots.  Check it out!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,6/13/2013,40,55,2,10,4>What is the coolest grocery store in the area?  Whole Foods? Nope.  Earth Fare? Nope.  The answer is this place.They just relocated to the old Food World next door and the place is amazing!  The place is huge and the selection is stunning, especially for a city of our size.  They have a section that make homemade tortillas fresh on the spot which I haven't seen in Alabama.  The buffet looks like a nice upgrade from the last place.  They are now trying to market it as an international grocery store, not just a Mexican one.  They have sections for Puerto Rican, Argentinian, Indian, and even Japanese food items, etc.  If you want to experience a clean, modern international grocery store without driving to Atlanta, you need to check this place out!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/12/2013,5,94,2,2,2>Seriously the best brunch in town for an awesome price. Who doesn't love a dish called "White hash trash"? The biscuits are fluffy and light. The chicken and waffles are insane. I don't exactly know what they do to the chicken but it is falvorful beyond belief. The chicken is white meat tenders instead of a piece of fried chicken, but I prefer that to dealing with bones. We primariliy visit for brunch but I hear lunch is great as well.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,6/10/2013,77,54,2,5,3>For my first meal in Birmingham, this was a great introduction.  I was being a sceptical Seattle-ite when my hosts told me that the place is known for seafood......  SEAFOOD?  In Birmingham?  I have to admit that for an inland city, this place does as well as it possibly can with seafood.  Nothing can replace truly fresh fish, but "flown in daily" will do when geography is working against you.The food is good, ambiance is great, and the wait staff was extremely attentive to our needs.  I would definitely go here again.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,6/9/2013,19,32,2,2,2>Super starving last night and didn't want fast food. We decided to go to Surin 280. First of all, I'm super appreciative that they do not close until 9:30 on a Sunday Night.We arrived around 8:40. Naturally, it wasn't packed due to a late Sunday night. We were quickly seated. I did recognize the old lay out of what use to be an O'charley's. The wooden labyrinth gave it away. I could be wrong. We were greeted by our waitress that immediately asked for our drinks but then went back to wiping and setting up tables. Little odd to me, but sure. We finally got our drinks and the lady asked what we would like to eat. My wife ordered chicken fried rice and I had the Thai noodle. The waitress seemed a little frazzled and began to share with us about a small altercation she had with a customer who claimed she stole something from her. The story ended with the customer finding the "assumed stolen item" and them hugging it out. She then explained how she had worked three overtimes and is ready to go home. A little unprofessional, but I think we have all been there and look for someone to listen. We didn't mind and she actually was quite entertaining and nice.We got our food. It was great! Overall, it was a great night. Atmosphere was great and clean. People were friendly. The waitress was great and hopefully she got the rest she needed. I would eat there again.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/8/2013,8,80,2,4,2>A coworker told me about this place.  I didn't even realize it was tucked back behind the CVS on Hwy 11.  You can order to-go or sit in the small dining area.I've ordered lunch takeout twice and both times the lady who answered the phone was very nice.  My order was correct and it was ready very quickly.  The prices are also very good, somewhat lower than the other Chinese restaurants in the vicinity.The lunch combo comes with your choice of soup or an egg roll as well as brown rice.  The egg rolls are a decent size, not the really thin ones you see in some places.  The hot and sour soup was good and the lo mein (chicken and vegetable) are outstanding.  The General Tso's Chicken is a bit different than what I've had at other places, but still very good.  The portion sizes are large as well, so you get a lot of food for your money.I would definitely recommend trying this place.  It's kind of hidden, so I doubt it gets as much business as it should.  The food and prices are worth it!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,6/7/2013,89,327,,4,3>If you're looking for an inexpensive venue for a wedding then consider the BBG.We didn't want to risk an outdoor wedding in July so we rented the Ireland room for the ceremony and the Garden's Cafe for the reception. We also rented a couple of the smaller rooms for the Bride's room and Groom's room. The Ireland room is a bit out dated looking, but enough of a blank palette for your decor. They have old fold out chairs that they will supply. We covered the most beat up ones with rented chair covers. There are three entrances to the room so several options for how you want to use the space. It is fairly small but perfect for a small ceremony. We had about 100 guests. The most difficult part is the huge, round, glass table in the center of the room which cannot be moved. We just curved our aisle around the table and used it for the sand ceremony. The facilities manager will try to influence how you set up the room but be sure to stand your ground and do it the way you want (without breaking any real rules).We then used the Garden's Cafe for the reception and used Kathy G's catering. They set up the cafe perfectly for the guests. There is also room outside on a covered patio. The large windows are beautiful and give a great view of the gardens.We only had a couple of people come into the ceremony area to look around who were not guests. This may be an issue you'll encounter since the garden remains open until a certain hour.There are PLENTY of beautiful places to take photos.Even if you're not interested in the wedding info I'd highly recommend coming here for a pretty place to take a stroll.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,6/6/2013,837,503,2,4,2>Mooyah is a straight forward good burger joint. Kind of like a slightly upscale version of Five Guys (there are LOTS of similarities), But I do like the build-a-bear (oops, I mean Burger) concept where you choose the protien (not as many options as some folks using this basic model), bun, cheese and toppings. Most toppings are free with a few "premium" toppings available. Fries are identical to Five Guys.My burger was really good, the fresh bun was nice and held up to the toppings without falling apart and I had a great experience here. I'd most certainly go back!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/4/2013,54,13,2,2,2>Fantastic hot dogs.  Great view while you eat for under 5 bucks a person.  If you are less lazy then I am then get out there for breakfast.  New management seems to be adding some interesting menu items and expanding the hours, both of which should only improve an already great place.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,6/3/2013,18,54,2,4,2>Went to lunch at Mr P's. Was not sure what to expect as its just a sandwich shop in a very awkward place in Birmingham. LOL.Many sandwiches on the menu and they all looked good. Decided on the chicken and bacon. Ordered and took the number to my seat. Fast service even though the place was packed. Sandwich was excellent, with Alabama's own white bbq sauce.Next time I have to try the steak sandwich.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,6/2/2013,109,11,,5,1>This is my fifth time at Sushi Village.  The new owners are starting to listen to our feedback about improving the lighting and service.  I want this place to succeed because it's needed in our neighborhood.Today I met a friend for lunch.  The food was awesome, but the servers were slow.  The owners and staff need to learn to work better as a team.  If there is food sitting waiting for table delivery the next available set of hands should be taking it to the table.  I saw both owners walk by food waiting on the sushi bar numerous times.  Very frustrating when you only have an hour for lunch.   I will definitely be back and hope they continue to improve.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,6/1/2013,19,75,2,4,3>I like an empty, quiet bar, and Black Market on a weekday is just that. Didn't order any food, but it was nice to sip on beers outside while watching the rain. Beer prices are extremely reasonable across the board, especially if you're into trying something new. This place could easily become a new haunt.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,5/31/2013,11,4,2,2,3>Excellent fantasy, comic book, gaming and geek culture event. There is something for everyone and for any age! This was their 2nd annual event and it seemed to have grown substantially over last year's already big event. I see fantastic things in the future for this gathering and I will be back year after year!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/30/2013,80,194,2,2,3>The Sinatra playing over the speakers sets the tone as you walk into this classic New York style deli. You can of course get the Reuben which is amazing. The Pastrami is piled high and the spicy mustard available completes the experience.They have a huge menu with some of the best hamburgers in town, quesadillas, brisket plates, Matzo Ball Soup, and so much more. You really can't go wrong.Ask for the pickled green tomatoes. You won't be let down.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2013,5/29/2013,691,1142,2,2,2>Despite this average rating, this is my go-to for Vietnamese food in Birmingham based on its terribly convenient location next to Whole Foods, Target, and Nordstrom Rack. In addition, it is one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in Birmingham. The service is inconsistent depending on who is working that day. The first time I came here, the guy who managed our table seemed irritated at anything I asked. When I asked for another utensil, I thought he was going to punch me. He seemed that furious. The other times I came here, a lady and a younger guy were working at the front and they were very nice and customized some of my order upon request.The fried pork roll appetizers were hot and tasty. The sauce compliments it well. I didn't like the spring rolls. The rice paper was too thick and I could barely chew on it without everything spilling out. The pho had lukewarm broth, not to mention it took at least 15 minutes to be made in the kitchen. Thankfully, they didn't hod back on the meat.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,5/28/2013,62,78,3,4,4>Definitely a good event and I only wish that I had time to stick around and meet more people.  Not sure the type of clear rum they were using but they were heavy handed on the pours.  Pizzas were pretty good considering I had no idea they have a real pizza oven (or do they)?  Thanks Will and Jackson's.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/27/2013,24,83,2,2,3>I'm definitely a regular here. They have the Only 8 brand of ice cream and it's always great! It's a little bit of a healthier option, which makes me feel better about going so often. They also have some pretty innovative flavors that are just regular ice cream that my husband enjoys trying. Granted, they don't make their own ice cream, but it's still good, affordable, and I love the atmosphere of the area.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,5/26/2013,72,51,5,4,4>This is one true gem in downtown Birmingham. Yes, the Civil Rights Museum is also wonderful, but it is so sad to visit and think of the waste of human potential that Birmingham still represents to many people worldwide. Our bad reputation is well-deserved, no denying it - we are the Ndamukong Suh of American cities. McWane is free of such history and baggage, and really evokes the opposite emotions: it shows all kids that there is a better and brighter future out there for them if they want to learn about it. There are fish and aquatic animals in the basement, and you can pet sharks and stingrays. There is a special little section for kids 6 and under called "Just Mice Size." (hint: do not let on that you can fit into the labyrinthine climbing house! If you do, your kids will insist that you climb in with them. You don't want that, unless you really liked basic training). There is a permanent dinosaur exhibit - who doesn't like dinosaurs? There are dozens of clever machines that teach kids some basic principles of physics. There's a show where they blow up stuff! (awesome!) The top floor houses traveling exhibits that keep you coming back, but my kids have been going for ... well at least 10 years I think, and my older one (7th grade) just went on a field trip there to learn about forensic science - yup, genuine CSI stuff, including doing a DNA gel electrophoresis. If you already know what that is, kudos to you, but I bet you don't, even though you've seen the results many times. (hint: see innocenceproject.org)It's much more than just a place to take the kids on cold and rainy days, especially as everyone in the Birmingham-Hoover Metropolitan Statistical Area seems to have the same idea on cold and rainy days. Between here and the Zoo, you're pretty much covered for educational kid entertainment.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,5/24/2013,14,40,3,3,3>Rojo is a really cool restaurant located around the Highland Avenue area. A great place to go during the summer months because of their front patio seating. Of course, this is common knowledge, so you'll be hard pressed to find a time when it's not packed. Nevertheless, I've always found a table and the wait isn't all that long. The service is surprisingly fast and friendly.I've found the food quite good. It is mostly Tex-Mex--so it isn't as Mexican-like as a more traditional Mexican restaurant, but I think it is at a higher level than some other establishments with the label "Tex-Mex". I'd say Rojo is more of a restaurant, but they have a full bar so it might be good as just a bar, too. I've only had dinner there, so I don't know if going there just to drink makes any economical sense or not. I think I remember the drinks being comparable to other bars around town, though.Overall, Rojo is a chill spot in the heart of a really beautiful area. And Bob Dylan likes it, apparently. You should probably go there.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,5/23/2013,36,269,2,2,2>Awesome pizza, cool outdoor venue (plenty of fans for summer and heaters for winter), great value lunch buffet if you're a big eater (and I am). BBQ pizza is great, as is the buffalo chicken, and well...all the pizzas are great at Dave's!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,5/22/2013,25,63,2,2,2>Warm, juicy grilled chicken, a fresh pita wrap, ROMAINE and tzatziki sauce? The chicken gyro is amazing. Fresh fruit on the side included watermelon, a nice surprise. In the past I've had the tilapia sandwich, which was a little greasy-tasting. Next I'm trying the lamb gyro. The grilled eggplant sandwich is hit or miss.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,5/21/2013,16,10,2,4,4>A few months ago, Franklin sold Homewood Gourmet to two of the most talented, up-and-coming chefs in town, Chris and Laura Zapalowski. Not only do they have culinary chops honed in the finest restaurants of New Orleans, but they also worked for Chris Hastings at Hot & Hot before purchasing Homewood Gourmet. Franklin did a great job of cultivating a loyal following based on simple, fresh ideas, and the new ownership has wisely kept many of the fan favorites the same. However, their new additions to the menu, bearing a strikingly Cajun and French flair, are a welcome change to the Birmingham culinary scene. Affordable gourmet is a growing niche in the "fast casual" format, but their New Orleans twist is something that's entirely unique in this market. I can't wait until all their influence is born out on the daily offerings. That said, I recently had the privilege of enjoying the Jambalaya, an off-the-menu dish that was extra from a catering run that was about to leave the restaurant. And for someone who lived and ate often in South Louisiana, it was spot on, with spice notes dialed appropriately for the Birmingham palette. It was great. I also heard rumblings of a grilled meatloaf that I really wish I'd had two stomachs, so I could have enjoyed it as well. But not only is the food great, the people are, too. Much of Franklin's best staff are intact, so the place still feels overwhelmingly local. And the owners are as genuine and hospitable as you can imagine. The inside, while small, has a fresh coat of paint and is far more inviting than before. If you haven't been in a while, make sure you go. It's well worth the trip.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/20/2013,15,138,4,5,3>Our trio had no plans to check this place out but ended up driving by on a pleasant Saturday afternoon and decided to stop in and see what Cahaba Brewing Company was all about.The parking lot is tight; luckily it wasn't too crowded when we showed up.  The space isn't very big at all, but it's garage style and was open-air on that lovely spring day.The woman who was manning the taps was very friendly and even offered to let me sample brews because I'm terrible at deciding what I want.  There are only four beers on tap.  I'm not a huge beer gal so I won't try to describe the beers.  I will say that the stout smelled deliciously like coffee, and I was tempted to get that.  For us reluctant beer drinkers, half-pints are offered for $2.50 which was perfect [ended up with the American Blonde].  That was I can still drink with my beer buds but not feel chained to an entire pint.  They also serve samplers served on cute branded boards in the shape of Alabama.CBC doesn't offer edibles but a Vietnamese food truck pulled in while we were there.  Seems like the food trucks roll in regularly.Last but not least, there was free skeeball!  Yay.  Too bad I'm terrible, but no matter since it was free.My beer enthusiast companions declared that Avondale was still #1 in their hearts.  But we all enjoyed our afternoon at Cahaba and were glad we experienced the Cahaba experience.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,5/19/2013,109,165,,5,3>I love thrifting.  One of my hobbies is reconstructing vintage clothing, and I found several great pieces to work with here!  Not every thrift store in the greater Birmingham area is decently organized as this particular branch of America's Thrift Stores.  The store was as clean as I'd imagine a thrift store could be...at least the funky odor that accompanies many large thrift shops was greatly reduced at this location.  I have no idea how they manage the smell so well - second-hand clothing just stinks!  (I immediately wash all my finds.)For those record buffs, they have a selection of vinyl.  And there's a shelf actually labeled "Old Books."  Plus, if you're into 70's lamps, we saw plenty.  A friend recommended America's Thrift Stores to me.  I'm glad I patroned this branch.  It's definitely a must shop for the vintage thrifter.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/18/2013,44,240,1,4,3>This is a beautiful stadium and representation of The Steel City, a.k.a. Magic City! It was a blast to have the lead up hype, and enjoyment of the very first game ever played in this stadium! It's a beautiful scene; I just hope this place experiences many more like this in the future.  Well done, all involved in putting this stadium and atmosphere together!  Thank you for a great time, and a beautiful landmark to embody Birmingham!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/17/2013,20,26,,1,1>The wine bar in the back is so adorable!  It feels like you are in a whole different city.  The staff was incredibly friendly, and while we only had the mussels to eat, they were delicious and the wine selection was good.  The staff was able to pick a great wine for me.  I would go back daily if I could.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,5/16/2013,50,17,2,2,2>Really enjoyed my meal here every time I have been! Just went for the 4th time and have been very satisfied. People have talked about service issues in other reviews but I have not noticed any... Great concept and wonderful food. This is like real Mexican Food not the normal grease and cheese covered mess that is common around here!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/15/2013,61,39,2,3,2>Don't judge La Bamba on looks alone!  This might be a hole-in-the-wall mexican joint, but their salsa is seriously on point!  You can take a seat inside or outside if the weather's nice.  The menu is pretty standard, but everything's full of flavor.  I usually get the mixed fajitas and a large margarita.  They're always consistently delicious.  I only wish they offered fresh jalapenos.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/14/2013,34,11,1,3,2>This is where you go to get all the best of the Surin menu, but without the hassle of a large wait, parking or crowd of the 5 Pts location.Don't leave this place without ordering Spicy Coconut Chicken Soup! My husband has a pro-tip of ordering without mushrooms in order to get "more actual soup". Whatever that's worth :]
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,5/13/2013,45,202,2,4,3>What a treat for "fast-food" sushi!  Sit outside and enjoy the sunshine while you try the Ringo "eel, strawberry and cream cheese roll".  Surprisingly tasty.  My husband ordered the Blitz Bowl fall special and with bites of beef, mushrooms and crispy brussesl sprouts to fill each mouthful with flavor was larger enough to share or take 1/2 home for another meal.  My other roll was the crunch crunch and it had perfect flavor in each bite.  I do wish the rolls were a little bit less expensive so I could order 3 and try more a variety.  OR a better "fall special" for 2 rolls & 1 signature - only $1 in savings.  This is a place I'll enjoy again after church.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/12/2013,10,1,2,3,3>One stop picnic shop??? Yes!!! This place is great! You can rent a picnic basket and enjoy a day in the park! Rent a bicycle or a croquet game! The food is awesome too. They serve great biscuits for breakfast (I love mine with pimento cheese!) and the banh mi, chicken salad or sesame noodles are a great lunch option. The staff is super friendly as well. Check them out!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/11/2013,37,65,,3,2>I've been driving past this place on my way to Publix for the past few weeks and finally got a chance to dine on Valentines Day. My honey and I both had a long day at work but we really wanted to take the time for a good meal despite that fact! So in scrubs and ponytail, we enjoyed a very casual valentines day dinner at Steel Drum Grill. The setup is such that you order at the counter and they bring the food/drinks to your table.  You can watch the cooks behind the counter too. Everything we had was great! Got the appetizer with thick crunchy chips and cheese sauce...not good for the cholesterol but definitely yummy. We both went with seafood entrees and were not disappointed in the least! We enjoyed some white wine with dinner and finished it off with a tasty chocolate dessert. One of the young waitresses brought our dessert out when we were still working on our entrees so we asked for it to be brought back later...not a big deal, just a lack of experience that is teachable. Overall, excellent service, very good quality food and flavor for a reasonable price!The lunch menu salads looked really good. I would definitely recommend this place and I will be back soon!!!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,5/10/2013,11,39,3,4,4>The best chocolate chip cookie I've ever had, and I'm a pretty serious baker. That cookie and I had some spiritual moments. The white mocha was good, but that cookie gets this place five stars. The book selection was great, too, and it was quiet for studying! I'll be back.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/9/2013,202,144,6,8,7>It seems we're always looking for good sushi.  This place has the best sushi in the 205.  Hands Down.THE FOOD:Tuna Kdaoma (yelp.com/biz_photos/jins) - OMG - 2 DIE 4 (go on Mondays - $13 dish for $8) .  At a table of 4, we end up getting three of these for apps.  Along with the "mixed" edamame (IMHO - GRILLED are the best) and an order of green beans.  mmmm ... not too greasy, very crispy.  Love the sauce the come with.  (warning:  this is not much different than you get at a certain "mall food" restaurant - so if you're wanting not so normal stuff, then avoid those.  There's plenty of other great stuff to choose from.    The Red Dragon, the Bangkok, Bubblegum, and Jari Jari were on our table last time we were in.  All these rolls are between 12-15.  I've paid more and I've paid less.  The Tuna Tataki and the Hamachi are both pretty good as well.  And ... if you're lucky (real lucky) you might get to try something that's not on the menu.    (and that did't come from me).THE DRINKSBeing the bubbly girl that I am - I love that they've recently amped up their Bubbles selection as of late.  If there's any one cuisine that goes with bubbles, it's sushi.  Wait.  I didn't really mean that.  Who am I kidding - EVERYTHING goes with BUBBLES!!!  THE VIBEThe bar scene is pretty hoppin' - and the cocktail list is really one of the best in Birmingham.  Go in for the Mojito - quite possibly one of the best I've had.  I like the strawberry one.  I also like the Blackberry Julep.  They also have a great selection of sakes.  We had the Snow Maiden last time we were there (yelp.com/biz_photos/jins).  THE DEALioSushi can get expensive.  Check out the specials on their website.  Sunday is $8 rolls - that's pretty much half price. Tuesday's special is on the Kadoma.  There will also be some drink specials that will allow you to taste something you'd not otherwise have (and be surprised that it's now your fave drink ever) because it's too costly.  THE VERDICTGO.  You have to try it.  If you want good sushi - this is your place.  Just be mindful of the fact that (as you can see from some other reviews) the place is a tad on the small side.  There's not a ton of seating for big groups - maybe 2 tables can hold more than 4 ppl.  But they are always willing to accomodate you and the bar area is more like a lounge, so it's comfy to hang out and wait for a table (or you can even eat there if you're short on time).
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,5/8/2013,26,227,3,4,4>Playground? Check. Tennis courts? Check. Big open grassy area for frisbee, soccer, tag, and movie nights? Check! Homewood Park (or Grove Park, per Google Maps) is a terrific green space a short walk down Central Ave from the main Homewood shops and restaurants. The grassy space is roomy enough for a range of simultaneous activities, and on Friday nights during the summer they run a family movie night series with concession stands and such (no alcohol is permitted). Pack a blanket for the ground and a frisbee to toss, stop by Steel City Pops on the way to pick up a family pack, and you've got the makings of a blissful Saturday afternoon.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,5/5/2013,57,115,,4,2>Pizza was very tasty, wood fired oven got the pizzas to our table pronto! It was startling how fast the pizzas arrived at the table. This was a Friday night without an empty seat in the house.Had the meatball which was incredibly flavorful, we also had a Margarita pizza which tasted like a plain cheese pizza (No basil that I could taste) but it was still delicious.Only complaints I have is that the noise level was so loud that we could barely hear each other talk. When the house is full the noise is loud!Price is a bit higher than you would expect, $20 for Meatball pie, $15 for Margarita, few beers,  dinner for 4 would set you back $60+Other than that, a great dining experience.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,5/4/2013,113,225,2,3,2>Friends brought NY Pizza over to watch the UA LSU game--first time we've had it!  Yum!  Had the Statue of Liberty and Little Italy.  2 large pizza's, 4 hungry fans.  We devoured them--leaving 3 slices of 'leftovers'--I wouldn't be surprised if they were finished off on the drive home ;)  I liked the combo on the Statue of Liberty, although I would have enjoyed more mushrooms and green peppers.  I loved the sausage --definitely not the little pieces I'm used to finding on the 'chain pizza hut dominos papa johns' pizzas.  The Little Italy was a tasty spin on the Margherita.  I liked the additional garlic--can't go wrong with that!Love the strip on Oxmoor.  While we don't visit often, now I know where we'll grab food if we're hungry!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,5/3/2013,35,180,1,7,2>I have been itching to find a decent Cuban sandwich and fried plantains in the Birmingham area. Finally, I was in the area around lunch and could stop in.Had a bit of a problem finding the place. It is literally in the Riverchase Car Wash off Lorna Road near Hwy 31. It is a very small cafe, with a rather limited menu. There was only one guy working whom I assume was the owner. He was upbeat and deft at the grill, but not in any hurry :) I mean that in a positive way. If you wish to dine here, expect to spend some time. There were a few people there ordering and waiting at noon on the Friday i was there. It didn't appear anyone who was in a hurry was sticking around.I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and Fried Green Plantains. The sandwich was good. I normally order sweet plantains at Cuban restaurants, so I decided to go for the green ones here. They were okay, but I'll go for the sweet ones next time. There is not much of a menu, as it is written on a white board, but they have a about 8 different sandwiches (including a philly cheesesteak), and a couple of different pork entree plates. No hours were posted, and I didn't ask. I'd assume they are open when the car wash is open.This appears to be a one man operation, so I wouldn't expect to be in and out quickly. The  kitchen and waiting area were neat and clean. Nothing was sticky or messy. I like Cuban food, and rarely get to have it in Alabama. I will be back to try some other menu items. Maybe I'll get my car washed at the same time :)
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,5/2/2013,18,53,2,7,2>Marty's is one of my favorite spots in Birmingham. Where should I begin? What you see is what you get. The crowd is about as enjoyable as it gets: like-minded people bent on having a drink/leave your pretentious attitude at the door.I'm sure that some people complain about it being cash only but if you've ever lived anywhere outside of Birmingham that shouldn't be a shocker. Drinks are drinks. I like the fact that they have Budweiser in a can. 9 times out of 10 the music is good (bluegrass, folk, classic rock). The fact that it's open all night is really great because most places close at 2:00 AM.Icing on the cake is the patty melt. They use one of the finest cuts of meat available for the burger and serve it with grilled onions, cheese, and an awesome pickle (I think it's Clausen?). All for just under $6.00. Don't bother with anything else on the menu.*Edit:  RIP Marty's  :(
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,5/1/2013,3,11,3,4,3>Got run out of the house so I met up with my friends at Dram while the wives had some kind of function. Sat outside on the deck and I was fortunate to find two of my favorite food items combined in one dish: a pimento cheese on a burger with mustard and fantastic pickles. I ordered it medium-rare, and it felt a bit more like medium to me, but it was still delicious. The mashed sweet potato side made the whole meal complete, and my buddies and I left full and satisfied. Our waitress, Kendall, was awesome- I recommend her to anyone heading over to Dram. Cool thing is, no matter where you sit, you can order off either the Dram or the Avo menu, so the options are pretty big. When I am dragged out to brunch by my wife or daughter, I'm happy to end up at Dram because they serve real food: grits, biscuits, gravy, bacon- all my top picks for a weekend breakfast. I'll definitely be heading back over to Dram in the future.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,4/30/2013,23,8,2,3,3>Food was very good, everything was great. They also went to lengths to accomodate my dinner partner, who is vegetarian; the chef fixed her something special. I had the duck tacos, which I've never experienced beforehand. They were great, the duck was moist and seasoned properly. Portions were more than adequate, and the pricing was very reasonable for the quality and quantity.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,4/28/2013,40,208,2,5,2>Mrs. Klingler makes one heck of a sticky bun.  I've been here several times and tried many of her cakes and pastries, and while there are many great items, that sticky bun is a standout.  The filling (pastry cream?) is spectacular.  Be prepared to share or save the rest for later, it's rich and hard for me to finish in one sitting.  I've also had lunch here once, it didn't blow my mind, but it was good.  My dad is German, so it's nice to have a place where I can get a taste of some of the things I grew up eating.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,4/27/2013,12,8,5,7,6>This was my first time at Pazzo, but not my first Calzone, and was blown away by the choice of meets, fresh vegetables, and selection of cheeses. Let me offer a few observations. In most cal zones there are 2 stars, the bread and the cheese, and the filing plays a bit part. Not so with these cal zones. The low gluten bread did not  rise to astronomical,, stomach filling proportions, instead, it formed a perfect crust around my chicken, mushroom, and tomato filling. I saw lots of other combinations I'd like try including some appetizing pesto. If you are in the mood for a Calzone that won't leave you bloated and your wallet thin, give Pazzo a try.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/26/2013,49,40,3,4,4>Literally my first memory of a restaurant is this Golden Rule.  It's tasty and fast.  My favorite chopped BBQ anywhere. The sauce is great and the fries are not out of a bag but fresh cut. It wouldn't be a stretch that I've been going there 3-4 times a month since I was 3 years old. I'm 41 now
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,4/25/2013,3,4,4,12,6>I've been going to the Urban Standard since they opened in 2007. Right from the get-go, I knew it was something special. The ambiance is rustic-industrial, eclectic, and cozy all at once. The menu always features solid, beautifully-crafted dishes using fresh local ingredients whenever possible. The cupcakes are cosmically delicious. No, seriously...you know they serve a good cupcake when you go in for mid-morning tea and they're already sold out! I'd mud wrestle a bear on steroids for an Urban Standard red velvet cupcake. But I digress...I worked on the same block as Urban Standard for a couple years, and it quickly became my go-to stop for a quick breakfast (they have this croissant with ham, cheddar, and poppy seed mustard...good golly, miss molly!), a hearty lunch (ask them for their soup recommendation...it will never disappoint), or a little afternoon delight (I'm referring to the red velvet cupcakes, people. Geez...keep those minds out of the gutter!)  Sometimes I'd just go to browse their collection of random tchotchkes and grab a Boylan ginger ale. I love this place. I love it. I don't live in the Birmingham area anymore, but whenever I come home for a visit, Urban Standard is always a must.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,4/24/2013,10,9,1,3,3>Very impressed with this new coffee shop in West Homewood.  Not only is the coffee amazing, but the folks who serve you couldn't be friendlier and more passionate about what they're doing.This is exactly what West Homewood needed.  A family friendly place to hang out, socialize and enjoy some outstanding coffee, actually roasted on-site!Again, I've only been twice since the grand opening, but I can tell what sets Seeds apart is a legit passion for serving people a great product in a fun atmosphere (note: you can even play Duck Hunt in your spare time).I can't believe the previous reviewer would penalize them for an atypical location (my side of town).  That's one thing that makes these guys great.  They're not running the same old playbook for the over-served trendiest possible areas in town.Definitely check these guys out for a different twist on the coffee shop hangout.  They don't cut corners (see "pour over method") bringing you some of the best coffee in Birmingham.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,4/21/2013,31,141,,3,3>Mr. Chen's is honestly the freshest Chinese food I have ever tasted. My first surprise came when I ordered hot and sour soup and it didn't taste like sodium overload. It actually had big chunks of seafood in it that were perfectly cooked within the soup.While I know cashew chicken is Americanized Chinese food, I can't help but once again emphasis the freshness of every dish I tried, including this one. The sauce on the chicken was light and the cashews had obviously been toasted before being mixed with everything. My husband's pork lo mein had a great balance of well cooked pork, noodles, and vegetables.I was incredibly impressed with Mr. Chen's and will definitely be back. Next time we'll branch out more since we know it's so good!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/20/2013,4,8,,4,3>Love this place. It is beautiful inside and out. They have good beer. I like all the employees because they are friendly, quick, and one of them made a creep stop hitting on me before I even realized what was happening. The music is great, and if you don't like the music at the main bar, go to the back bar and see if you like that music better. There is a cat, and I love cats so, that sort of cinched everything.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/19/2013,41,54,,2,2>Great beer, great people, great atmosphere. Awesome for an intimate music show or just gathering with friends. Cannot wait to enjoy a snakehandler pre/post Barons games this summer!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/18/2013,3,11,2,3,2>I went there last night and every year for the Happy Holi Holiday.  During this time they extend their buffet beyond it's normal lunch means.  You can start with the fried fish that was salted perfectly and super crunchy.  The fried lentil croquette is always delicious and bursting with flavors.  The rice is rice.  It's there to soak up the curry with goat or fish or chicken balls.  All which were tasty.  The goat was tasty but there was a bunch of bones to pick through.  They has vegetables also, a mix of onions and okra that was pan fried and crunchy with a little heat.  The eggplant and potatoes were not my favorite but it could just be me.  They also had the naan which was the regular not garlic or cauliflower and it did a great job absorbing the mint yogurt dressing for the salad.  And last but not least my favorite, the sag paneer.  I love everything about the sag paneer; it was spicier than usual but just as good.  It was also lacking the cheese but that could because it was a buffet instead of entree.   I highly recommend going to Taj India.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,4/17/2013,4,40,,3,2>This place is great! If you want some real man food served up in a cool, but sophisticated environment, then go here. It is very spacious and accommodating, the service is always on point and the food tastes great. I have been here a few times and will continue to go back. The beers are delicious and their signature dishes and drinks will keep you coming back for more. Trust me, you want to eat here.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,4/16/2013,8,36,1,5,2>This may be one of the few places you can eat in Homewood without going broke and leave satisfied.  I have had breakfast there a few time and it is always good.  I decided to stop by and grab a burger.  It is much easier to park in the back in the parking lot and go through the back entrance.  I got the super burger with bacon.  It is a two patty burger about the size of my head.  I took it to go and it was still delicious after the 30 minute ride home.  If you want a great burger and a great value skip all fancy burger boutiques and head here.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,4/15/2013,28,132,,4,2>V. Richards is a a breath of fresh air in the land of major supermarket chains and unauthentic eateries.   Having moved from Chicago in August 2011,  I was struggling to find a good, high quality small market with some personality and a great wine selection.  Well, I stumbled upon V. Richards and I finally felt like I had found my kind of place.  It's not for all of your needs, but it has some fun stuff and it's nice to hang out in on a lazy Sunday. Last weekend I decided to stop in while I was cheering Birmingham Marathon runners.  I ordered the breakfast casserole.  It was AMAZING.  I was trying to figure out just what it was, because I am a huge breakfast casserole person and have been attempting to perfect my own recipe.  It was light, fluffy, had lots of flavor and had the perfect balance of meet to vegetable ratio.  They serve fair trade coffee which is also a huge plus in my book.  My food came out in a jiffy also. The only down side was the tight seating.  I walked in at 9:30 on a Sunday and it was chilly out so the patio wasn't really an option.  Some of the patrons weren't very respectful to fellow diners (who takes up a table for 50 minutes after they have finished their meal when there are 20 people standing around you waiting for tables?).  I didn't have to wait long to find a table but others did.  This could have easily been mitigated by a few diners clearing from the table within a reasonable time of finishing their meal but oh well.  I don't fault V. Richards but be aware that this place attracts yuppies and with that comes behavior like this.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,4/14/2013,44,17,4,4,4>I live downtown, and this is the closest thing my kid has to a backyard. I really truly love this park. It's got tons of open space, we flew our new "angry birds" kite there just last week. They also have lots of events and activities on their calendar, such as blue cross fitness classes and free concerts (really hoping they bring back sunset cinemas again this year!).  The water installations are great and the plants are all starting to really grow up so nicely. The only negative thing I will say is the playground can get very overcrowded occasionally (it's very small for such a large space) and I hope one day they will expand it some or build a second space. Also there is very little shade, even over the playground. Can make for very hot days and red skin. Just bring some sunblock though, cause it's definitely worth it.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/13/2013,43,13,4,6,6>I took my tennis team here for our end-of-season team party and was very pleased with the experience overall. It's a clean facility that's perfect for a rambunctious group of kids (especially the concrete floors, which make it easy not to sweat a spilled soda or two). There's a decent variety of arcade games to keep kids busy between laser tag games, and the staff member I dealt with was very friendly. My only criticism is that the pizza that comes with the party package leaves a bit to be desired.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,4/11/2013,32,58,,3,2>Wow, I knew I liked mediterranean food, but I did not realize how much until I found this place. Do Di Yo's is located in the trendy Soho section of Homewood, Alabama. The dining room is open and airy but it can get a little loud. To start we were given a basket of bread with a bowl of olives, olive oil, and a big lump of super delicious white stuff.  I had the Moschari Stifado or short ribs with onions and potatos. Both our waitress and the owner said it was the best dish on the menu. I can see why they would say so. The ribs were so tender they flaked apart. The sauce was rich and thick. There portion size was ginormous. Great meal.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,4/10/2013,5,94,,2,2>I am in love with the Pepper Patch salad. I always add turkey. It's rare to find a restaurant where healthy options are so readily available and taste delicous. I freqent both the Homewood and Summit locations at least weekly and I've never had anything that wasn't delivered quickly and tasted amazing.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,4/9/2013,10,60,3,7,3>I took my Mom here for lunch during a genealology conference at the BJCC.  Mom had the the White BBQ Chicken and I ordered up some Chicken & Waffles with a side of Roasted Corn Grits; Mom had a side of the slaw.  First of all, the ambience in the place is very nice.  It would be a great place for date nite and I intend to take my Wife there one night soon, perhaps combined with a bit of Christmas shopping. The wait was a bit long for the sparse number of diners, but we came in just after the lunch rush at about 1 p.m. so I'm willing to write that off as the kitchen was in recovery mode. The food is really good here.  The fried chicken that comes with the Chicken & Waffles is just outstanding.  It's coated with what appears to be a corn flake style batter, but it's expertly fried.  By that I mean crispy on the outside; moist and flavorful on the inside but not due to simply absorbing the cooking oil - not "greasy" due to improper frying like a lot of places wind up doing.  The waffle was soft and flavorful, a perfect complement to the chicken.  The only issue I had with the dish was the sauce.  It's billed as a "balsamic spiked maple syrup".  I think the sauce I got that day was a little more than "spiked" with balsamic vinegar.  It imparted a somewhat displeasing odor to the waffle (think malt vinegar) and could have used a heavier dose of the maple syrup base, in my opinion.  I'd call it minor to the overall taste experience, however, because the chicken is the real star here.  Speaking of chicken, I got to sample a bit of Mom's White BBQ Chicken ('cuz Moms always share with their kid, ya know) and it was even better than the fried version.  She ate just about every bite (that she could - it's a HUGE portion) and remarked several times that it was some of the best she's had. As far as sides go, we both were puzzled by the cut on the slaw, but that was really just a lack of understanding.  I've since read that it's supposed to be a signature "angel hair" slaw.  It was fresh and the sauce was outstanding, which I also understand to be a "John's original".  I always wondered if the sauce I saw in stores in this area was from this place, and was pleased to find out it is.  Try some on a burger, you'll be glad you did.The roasted corn grits were piping hot and a real treat also.  I've never thought of putting roasted corn in grits but it really does elevate the side to something more savory and different than one usually associates with grits.  It reminded me a lot of the "dried corn" side I got when I was in Lancaster, PA at the "Good and Plenty".  By the way, if you're a transplant to the South and you turn your nose up at grits, let me take this opportunity to tell you that either you really haven't had good grits yet, or you're possibly an elitist who needs to get beyond stereotypes and understand the new South (and if you're still feeling superior... google "scrapple" before you say another word).Service was very attentive and pleasant; I've no complaints there.  My glass never ran dry, which is my First Law of ServerDynamics:  "Amount of tip is directly proportional to the derivative of liquid volume in my glass with respect to time."  (Yeah, I know, terrible pun... but I'm an engineer and I try to work in as many technical references as I can in these reivews to justify all that money I spent on my education. It makes me feel warm inside. Well, a little anyway.)Even though John's is billed is a diner, don't go there expecting a $4 blue plate, or cheap food.   And when I say cheap, I mean inferior.  The prices are more elevated than an average diner, but so is the food and the atmosphere.  If you're looking stuff yourself for a few bucks, go find a chain restaurant somewhere.  If you're like me and willing to recognize exceptional, freshly prepared food and attentive service with your wallet, you'll be happy here.  To borrow a phrase, "It's a classy joint."  And you can expect the dining experience to be the same in all respects.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/8/2013,0,9,1,3,1>One of my favorite breakfast joints. Never had a disappointing food experience.  Very reasonably priced.  For less than $5 had stone ground grits, fresh fruit, and eggs.  Decent espressos from a beautiful copper machine.  Staff friendly.  Brunch gets packed so arrive early.  A no nonsense counter service place where they deliver the food to your seat.  The outdoor seating is great for a chat with friends in good weather.  They always have the daily newspaper on hand for some reading if you are on your own.  Pizzas are not mindblowing but dang good, especially for the price. A wonderful addition to downtown dining options.  Wish they were open later during the week!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/7/2013,1,14,1,3,2>Chez Fonfon lived up to the hype.  I had lunch here this week and it was fabulous!  We arrived at about 11:45 and it had just filled up (they don't take reservations ever).  We decided to eat at the bar.  I started with a French 75 - great cocktail.  I got the hamburger - one of the best I've ever had (if not the best).  My husband got the Croque Madame - fabulous.  The fries are cooked perfectly.  I quickly became one of our favorite places.  We are planning on going back for dinner.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,4/6/2013,16,152,,5,2>The Red Pearl Restaurant offers authentic Chinese food in Birmingham. The restaurant is part of the Super Oriental Market (one of the few Asian grocery stores in town). The tiny restaurant is tucked in a corner and must have been an afterthought in the crowded store. In fact, it may be a stretch to consider the 6 or 7 tables a real restaurant. But, there is table service and the menu is fairly extensive. What makes the Red Peal a great choice is the authentic dishes that are not available anywhere else in town. For example, where else could you start with a Green Onion Pancake or Cold Spicy Pork Ear appetizer? Or, how about Combo A (for 2):  Seaweed & Egg soup, Pork Baked Tofu & Bamboo Shoots, and Sauted Shanghai Bok Choy.The dishes are reasonably priced, and we enjoy trying dishes that are not found in the "typical" Chinese restaurant. For a nice dinner for four, I would suggest: Seafood with Tofu & Vegetable Soup, Beef Oyster Sauce & Chinese Broccoli, Crispy Salted Whole Shrimp, and Sauted Sweet Pea Leaves.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/5/2013,80,246,2,2,2>GBHS is a great organization with a very nice facility in West Homewood.  The dogs are kept in open kennels with plenty of space and are taken outside for frequent walks and play time.  You can search the animals they have available for adoption online before going to visit them.  They have private rooms where you can meet and interact with different dogs and talk with the staff about their history.We adopted our dog three weeks ago from the shelter and can't imagine life without him!  He is a sweet boy and we are very thankful that his former owner took him to GBHS.  The people that work there are very nice and definitely have the animals' best interests in mind.  If you aren't looking for a new pet, consider shopping at their on site store for your current pet - proceeds go back to the shelter!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,4/4/2013,440,356,7,12,7>I am glad this chain is now in Birmingham. I have been to the one in California forever ago, but couldn't remember what it was like. So this is a nice addition to the not so fast food burger scene. You walk in and grab a piece of paper and a pen and fill out what kind of burger you want (beef, turkey, or veggie) then you choose your toppings. There are lots of toppings to choose from, so don't be shy. On the same piece of paper you decide your fries (regular or sweet potato) and whether or not you want a milkshake and which size. I was feeling rather fatty and moocowish so I opted for a burger with pepperj cheese, pickles, grilled onions, mushrooms and avocado with the special sauce. I also got a reeses milkshake. The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because the service was outstanding. Everybody was friendly and the managers/staff were constantly coming around making sure everything was satisfactory. They even helped me take stuff to the table. Also, the food is pretty tasty. I'd go to a place like this for a burger and fries over a fast food joint any day. My burger was delicious and cooked perfectly, and all the toppings just made it an extra fat day for me. My yummy milkshake of course only added to the midsection. But you know what, I don't care. I would definitely return and try a turkey burger or a veggie burger. I heard the veggie patties are great.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/3/2013,89,327,,3,2>Having grown up in the area I realized I didn't appreciate the value of a state park until adulthood. There are plenty of trails and historic sites to visit. And it only costs a few of dollars per person to get in.It has been our go to for large family gatherings because you can rent out the old school house, church, and/or restaurant as a venue. Many people have used the church and school as a ceremony and reception venue for weddings. We have used the old school for a baby shower and there is a small kitchen available (sink and refrigerator) as well as tables and chairs that you can set up to your liking. We used the restaurant as a venue for my parent's 30th anniversary party and of course it was super helpful to have tables already set up and a full kitchen to take advantage of (including a heated buffet for serving all your guests).It's also a great place to take family photos. There is plenty of beautiful scenery and interesting landmarks to make your photos pop.While Tannehill Trade Days is quite popular for the locals I've always thought it had more of a flea market feel with the occasional decent craft booth. Still most people love it and count down the days to its return. The most fun I've had at Trade Days was actually acquiring extra credit. Yes, you read it correctly I had a professor at UAB(Material's Engineering)  who was obsessed with iron and told us that we could get extra credit for going there and learning how to make something wrought iron. Living only 5 min away I jumped at the opportunity. Tis true there is someone there on site to give you this experience for free. They'll teach you how to heat the metal to the appropriate temperature based on the glowing red hue and then how to hammer it properly. While my skills weren't great with the heavy hammer they helped me turn my rookie attempt into a decorative wrought iron wall hook.There's a lot to learn here and great for a family looking for an inexpensive place to relax.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,4/2/2013,8,80,2,2,2>I've been to this Buffalo Wild Wings a few times and it's been pretty consistent.  It's essentially a sports bar, so there are plenty of TVs with different types of games to play and sporting events.  It can get pretty loud, but never so loud that it was disturbing.  One thing - the booths are not very comfortable.  The seats are wood with no cushioning and they are fairly narrow.  This is one of the few places where I prefer a table.Their boneless wings are pretty good.  You can get any combination of their sauces.  My personal favorites are the spicy garlic and the garlic parmesan.  They are a bit spicy, but not "my tongue is burning off" spicy.  I was a bit disappointed with the buffalo chips with seasoning and cheese.  Instead of seasoning the chips and then putting the cheese on, they put the seasoning on top of the cheese.  The chips below that top layer were kinda blah.The prices are about standard for this type of food.  It's definitely worth going for the specials (regular wing specials are on Tuesday, boneless wings on Thursday).This is certainly not a bad place to go if you're craving some wings.  Just remember that if you go during peak times, you will likely have to park across the street as this location shares parking with Carrabba's, Purple Onion and Gamestop.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2006,4/1/2013,9,12,,3,1>In my opinion, this is one of the most--if not the most--overlooked attractions in Birmingham.It was an enjoyable experience for me even though I'm not very knowledgeable about fine art.  There are 2 full floors of works to view.  I will have to go back to see many of the things I wasn't able to the first time.  Best thing about this place is it's cost effectiveness: free parking, free admission.  They request a donation, which is well-warranted.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,3/31/2013,33,59,3,5,5>I took my husband here a few years ago. We had a great time!It teaches you so much about history. If you're in Birmingham, then you need to go here. Although I'm sad that this stuff happened, we need to learn about this. We cannot erase the past, if we try to, then it's just as bad as condoning it.You can learn a lot here. It's heartbreaking, but a wonderful place to visit. I will warn you, some parts are hard to look at because of how sad it is, but I still recommend it.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,3/30/2013,8,5,2,3,3>A long time favorite of my family's,  even my 2 year old loves brunch at Chez Lulu. The crepes are varied and wonderful,  light & tasty.  Perfect with a Mimosa or cup of their French roast coffee.  My favorite is the blueberry...or maybe the ham & fromage blanc. And the grits are excellent, a little frenchy nod to us Southerners. Go again for lunch or dinner and have the brie & kalamata olive sandwich.  It was the first thing I ever tried there, and I pray they never take it off the menu.  And if someone considers brie 'dull', I would question their palate. If French food with a little Southern twist sounds good to you, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/29/2013,26,155,,4,2>Lunch was hopping but we quickly got a table.  The place is stunning and really raises the bar for the area. Servers and the kitchen are still trying to get the flow down so everything was running a little slow.   We chose the wild mushroom raviolis and a crab cake sandwich.  The raviolis were quite good and were up there with my homemade version.  My only suggestion would be a drizzle of truffle oil on top.The crab cake sandwich needs some tweaks.  The thick kaiser roll, overpowered the delicate taste of the crab. The crab cake was nicely seasoned but was really mushy and a bit cool in the center.   A little more cooking and a lighter bun and I'd give the sandwich a A+.We loved the candied walnuts on the side salad.  It was a really nice touch.Iron City is poised to be a major player.  Can't wait to give them another go.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,3/28/2013,23,25,1,4,2>I love the fact that you can buy basics in the up and coming loft district.  I don't live down there, but when I was in the area for work it was hard to find a basic store.  Mamanoes provides basics and good customer service.  I'm pretty sure if I lived down there, this place would be my go-to instead of high-tailing it miles out of the way for milk or water.  Sometimes you just need one thing that will get you through the night until you can get to a larger store.  This fits the bill.  I hope it stays around for a long time.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/27/2013,16,16,,2,1>I stayed here with my husband on our wedding night back in 2007. It was fabulous!! We were greeted at the desk very nicely with a bottle of wine. Our room was awesome! LOVE the bedding and comforter. This is what I'd love to sleep with every night. We woke up and had a wonderful breakfast and was served by a great staff. Thank you for making our honeymoon night so special.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,3/26/2013,80,194,,3,1>This locally owned restaurant is one of my favorite options in town. The food is always fresh and there are multiple plating options for whatever mood you are in such as entree sized salads, sandwiches, or a meat and vegetable type plate. The meats are cooked using a grill/smoker called the "Big Green Egg" which can be bought at several places in town. The meats have an amazing smoked flavor to them. They have steak, chicken, turkey, and ham.They have multiple sides to choose from such has mac & cheese, broccoli salad, and roasted veggies.Don't miss out on the orange roll!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,3/25/2013,49,51,,5,3>Very cool little shop; when I moved back to the Southeast, my (now) Boyfriend took me here on a sort-of first date, and man did he know the way to my heart. After the semi-nervous climb up the narrow, vintage stairway, I spent the better part of two hours digging through old vinyls and reveling in excitement over the selection they have here. Music lovers, this is a place you must frequent.  And music lover lovers, well, this is a place you should at least visit.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,3/23/2013,10,31,3,3,3>Absolutely delicious food!  There are a great amount of simple dining options and a nice full service bar.  I last visited for lunch and had the chicken scallopine which was divine.  It is chill no frills cafe food with extreme flavor.  The best part is dessert! At this time of year they no doubt have some sort of pumpkin inspired sweets.  Go before you get hungry as there is usually a wait............or you could make reservations.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,3/22/2013,72,51,2,2,3>It's hard for non-medical personnel to judge the quality of medical care, but we have been happy with the care provided by the doctors and nurses at AOC. My son broke his arm skiing 6 months ago, and unhappily broke the same arm in a fall at Walmart yesterday. We came back, so that should say something. ;-)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,3/21/2013,23,114,4,6,4>Opened in the Late Spring 2012, Mad Doctor is a welcome addition to the 5 Points Area. With a thriving collegiate presence, it is the perfect location for a Game Shop. The owners are friendly and very knowledgeable about the hobby. What is most impressive, is that they are not just knowledgeable about gaming, but really about the whole Birmingham scene, from local events to politics and everything in between. You can always strike up a conversation with these guys and don't feel pressured to spend any money. It is a a great neighborhood hobby store where you feel welcome to be a part of a community.The decor is well suited. Utilizing a college dorm room style approach with thrift store furniture adds to the welcoming feel of the store. They have a wide selection for your board and card gaming needs. They also have plenty of snacks and drinks available. Most nights, they seem to have events, be it informal gatherings with Meetup groups or Reddit groups, or tournament play, etc. There seems to be plenty of regulars, but they are open to anyone who wants to just come play, or even watch. I highly recommend this store, if you are into gaming, have any interest in gaming, or just want to meet some great people and support a local business!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/20/2013,11,23,,2,1>WOW! With the one exception being a group waiting for a table ignoring the hint to hang at the table by the door and crowding us for the first 15 minutes of our meal this spot is AMAZING! Service was stellar and the food was perfection I look forward to frequenting this establishment. Keep up the amazing work ! :)
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,3/19/2013,40,55,1,2,2>I finally gave this a whirl with a couple friends from out of town jonesing for some sushi.  Since I'm on a much-needed diet at the moment, I only had the sashimi.  It was all delicious and very fresh along with a beautiful presentation.  My friends had various sushi rolls and were very pleased with them.  They're both from big cities with world class sushi restaurants so for them to give their seal of approval says a lot.  As other people have said, they're a bit proud of their food so it's not the cheapest sushi you will ever find but you do get a classier upscale dining environment that is perfect for taking a date.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,3/18/2013,62,78,,3,2>This review is actually about their upstairs space for private parties only.  William and Laura Lee (both from Pale Eddie's) came through big time for us for the Bama vs LSU game/post-wedding shenanigans when we booked the upstairs room.  1) Their beer/alcohol pricing was very reasonable as was their minimum for the room and we basically had it all night.  2)  They had two TVs on so some attendees could watch the ends of their games.  3) LL was a great bartender for us that night and super nice.  4) They do not charge anything to bring in outside food.  5) Finally, the outside bar in the back with the TV was also a nice bonus!  We would not hesitate to book the room again if needed.   Thanks for everything Pale Eddie's!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,3/17/2013,36,269,2,5,2>Had to try this mysterious Moscow Mule signature drink, and let's just say I now am the proud owner of my very own copper mug. Yep, enjoyed the drink and how cold the mug kept it so much that I hopped on eBay and bought a set of copper mugs. This pub is great--shuffleboard was loads of fun, and the dim lighting was perfect. Will be back for sure.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/16/2013,11,49,4,9,4>This past Monday was the first time I had ever been to Donut Joe's.  And I may have already been back another two times this week...if that's any indication as to how much I love this place now. Their donuts are awesome. They've got everything to satisfy your cravings and maybe even a few selections you didn't even know you could crave but boy you will afterward.  I'm not typically a big donut fan but these guys are doing it right!On my first trip I went through the drive-thru and asked for a dozen mixed. I also got an iced coffee, which was honestly about the best I've ever had. Random but true. I took the assortment of donut's to work and my coworkers devoured them. Every single person said their donut was exceptional.On my second trip I went inside to see what other flavors they had. I was astonished at the selection, the likes of which I had never seen or knew could exist. I, of course, got another perfect iced coffee and a Bavarian cream filled. Both = awesome.On my third trip I got yet another perfect iced coffee, I think I'm addicted at this point. And a half dozen assorted, which included completely different donuts than Monday. They were awesome! My coworkers quickly gobbled them up. The most surprisingly good flavor was a blueberry cake like donut (think best blueberry muffin of your life). It looked kinda sad but it was awesome! Try it!If you are anywhere near Donut Joe's in Gardendale please promise to go there and support this awesome business! ....and maybe get an iced coffee too.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,3/15/2013,14,40,2,4,2>Bottletree is one of my favorite places. It has an unusual style and character, but it really fits. The atmosphere doesn't feel forced or contrived like a lot of other bars and restaurants that go for the odd, eclectic approach to their interior design.It is one of the more reliable music venues in the city and sometimes will have larger than average crowds. It is big enough to accommodate a modest size crowd, but I imagine it can get to be a little much if a big name comes to town. There is a covered patio to the side with several tables and chairs which look to be picked from various garage sales--all different shapes and styles, which I think really adds to the appeal.The folks you'll see there can vary. I think a lot of it depends on the kind of band playing. On my last visit, anyway, the crowd was just really normal and wasn't overrun with a bunch of walking stereotypes (which was extremely refreshing).I really liked the food, what few items I've had so far anyway. A vegetarian friendly locale, for sure. Drinks were good, food was good, music was good. I'd definitely recommend going there.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,3/14/2013,15,138,2,2,4>This will be short and sweet because I only popped in to drop off a package.  Luckily this was fast and smooth; I also got a receipt for my drop off which was new to me since I never got a receipt at another UPS store.  The jovial employees were joking with a regular customer as I was leaving.  Oh yeah, there is also parking behind the store, so no worries about that.Last but not least: there's a suit of armor on display!  Boxed up and ready to ship.  So cool!  [Yes, I have watched Game of Thrones recently.]
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/13/2013,44,240,2,5,3>I was primarily attracted for the check-in deal, but don't like coffee.  So, luckily my dad was in town and he could enjoy it while we went for breakfast.Very good! I suspect that everything baked in these ovens is done so with TLC. The lady that I assume runs the shop was super nice and friendly. She said they have been open for 5 months, but held back on much marketing until now because they wanted to fine tune their products before getting out there too much. I say the fine tuning worked. With my dad and wife we only had good things. The kolache; the glazed, cinnamon cake, lemon blueberry cake donuts were all very tasty. Everything in the bakery display case looked great. It is a very clean and well presented atmosphere. As I ordered a blonde brownie to go (which I expect to be amazing), she pulled out these chopped up sausage, cheese biscuits out of the oven that looked fantastic, and the sweet aroma that filled the bakery was nice. I had 95% convinced myself to buy one on the spot, but told myself I could just try it next time. Now all I can think is, why did I not buy one and take a monster bite out of that fresh, hot piece of goodness?! They kind of looked like scones from afar, but either way, I want it. Not the best location as it's basically under the Bedzzz Express in that little shopping plaza, but easy enough to get in and out. Delicious and well worth it. My dad drinks coffee all the time and said it was good, and got some to go; so I took that as not wonderful, but good enough.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,3/12/2013,109,165,3,3,3>Tucked right in the middle of a charming, little town, Del Sol is pretty good.  It's the most colorful building and sits right on the side of Main Street.  You can't miss it.  The lunch specials are generous and fresh.  Kudos for good guacamole!  The only downer:  no margaritas!  Otherwise, perfecto.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,3/6/2013,32,61,,2,1>This is a great lil dive!  I had read about the famous fried green tomatoes and must say, they lived up to the hype!  I had the patty melt with onion rings (not a huge fan of the onion rings simply because they were breaded in the same thing used for the fried green tomatoes).  My friends monte cristo sandwich was tasty - I think they used french toast for the bread which was unique.  He had a side of fries that were VERY underwhelming - they were straight out of the ore ida bag!!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,3/4/2013,1,9,,3,2>This place has it all....the atmosphere is fun, but not something that some could handle.  It is very authentic Mexican, where they make the food right in front of you.  There is meat everywhere; cooked and raw.  It is loud and hot, with minimum decor, but MAXIMUM flavor. It is the most authentic Mexican food I've had in Birmingham, maybe EVER!  The prices are amazing for the amount of food that you get.  Usually it's cheaper even than Taco Bell, and WAY better!!!!!  (Taco Bell is the Dollar Tree of Mexican food...)There are no frills when it comes to the dishes.  If you want frills, there is a bar to the side where you can spice up your dish.  From fresh cilantro and limes to Habanero sauce that will make even your feet sweat, there is something for the weak and the strong. I wish I had discovered this sooner.  MY tummy and life will never be the same!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,3/1/2013,45,202,2,3,3>I will write more later but could not have been more pleased with the service Susan gave, the food and the smile it kept on my face when I used them for my rehearsal dinner.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/28/2013,202,144,4,8,5>Steel City Pops ROCKS!  I hired them to cater a surprise birthday party for MrSS9 (oh, don't you worry - we had more stuff to nosh than just popsicles, but this was a pretty darned cool idea).  So ... The week before the party, I wanted to be sure I was ordering all the correct flavors - and off we went to Steel City Pops (after our lunch at Pinches Tacos!) to get to tastin'.  It was REAL hard for me to keep the secret for starters, but asking him which flavors he liked and trying to keep a straight face was almost impossible.  I did it though, and was able to get out of him three flavors that he thought he might like.  And those three were added to my list.The business owner, JIm helped me tremendously.  He was kind and understanding that I had no idea what I wanted, and he was as genuinely excited about the upcoming birthday celebration as I was.  Now, where would I even start with all those flavor choices?  I gave him my three already "faved":  Strawberry Cream, Blueberry and Banana, and then Jim offered a new selection which was FAB U LOUS - Caramel - just so happens to be made with Stone Hollow Farm's goats milk. YUM!  We also ended up with Cucumber Lime, a very fresh, fruity taste, Strawberry Balsamic, which was to DIE for, Pineapple Jalapeno - which will absolutely knock your socks off, and Chocolate Chili which is a creamy flavor of chocolate and chile (not quite as spicy as the pineapple one.    I can tell you that I have tried all eight of those popsicles and each one of them is better than the last - which could get confusing, I know, if you ate them in reverse order.  Let's just go with them all being WONDERFUL! While I loved their little store front in Homewood, I will prefer to enjoy my pops at an event at my house!  I'll get through the minimum - no PROBLEM!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/27/2013,57,115,2,5,2>What the heck is up with this place?I have been in dozens of Chick-Fil-A's, the folks in here are so nice it's scary!!Anxious to help, quick to serve.  We were sitting at a table and a lady asked if we wanted drink refills, asked if everything tasted good. HUH WHAT?  yes and yes!!When you get above and beyond customer service where you don't expect it, it throws you off some times. It's nice to see people smile and happy to be working and providing good service.This is the second review I have done in as many days where the customer service was so good it surprised me.Is customer service making a come back? Hope so!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2012,2/26/2013,18,54,2,4,3>It's football Sunday, I needed something to eat and there was an ad in the back of the local city magazine. I checked out their website and decided to get some takeout, gotta get back to REDZONE. LOLOrdering was easy, got the "Friends Special" Calzone, (Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Black & Green Olives, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Onions, and Mozzarella Cheese) was told it would be ready in 15min. Its fairly close so pickup was easy. Place was getting busy with the after church crowd but was very fast in and out.Got home and cut up half of calzone, was very hot and smelled great. came with small container of marinara and cold pasta salad.Salad was ok, nothing to write home about, but the main course calzone was very good. I really like the two types of olives. Would go back.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/25/2013,837,503,2,4,2>Nice local coffee shop/book store. Comfy setting to hang out, relax, etc.I had a very nice visit with our new CM here!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,2/24/2013,88,57,2,3,2>This place has great sandwiches and fresh fruit.  I love going here for lunch.  It's a great place to have lunch with friends during work or on the weekends.  The staff is always friendly and courteous.  The only problem is that sometimes it gets really packed inside during lunch,
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/23/2013,113,225,2,8,3>As always, love this gem hidden in Homewood.  We made last minute dinner plans with friends, and when I discovered my friend (born and raised in Birmingham) had never been to Gianmarcos, I said "there will be a wait, but it's well worth it!".We started in the new wine bar on the grounds. our waiter there, Josh, was terrific.  Very helpful and promised we would be well taken care of.  We enjoyed a bottle of wine with the 20% corkage fee and our friends arrived.  It was busy, but a fun atmosphere and happy customers.  As a larger table was opening up for us, the maitrede from the restaurant told us we were next on the wait list and he had a 4 top open.  We were sorry to leave Josh,but will look to sit with him next time!Our waiter inside was ok....seemed new.  We enjoyed the bruschetta and ravioli appetizers. I ordered the rigatoni pasta, YUM! And david had the lamb chops.  Delicioso!  We shared one more bottle of wine and left two very happy couples.  So lucky to have this restaurant in Birmingham!!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,2/22/2013,89,26,3,5,3>The SFG is all over the place, literally.  This dude has a truck that he drives from place to place and sets up a mobile restaurant.  The food is surprisingly good for coming out of a truck and its all fixed on the spot.  I work downtown and its really as good an just about any place you can go, as long  as you don't mind eating out of styrafoam.  The quality of the food exceeds the quality of the presentation.I had the hot hammy with red roasted potatoes (or ro-pa as this guy calls them).  Portions were huge. I ate for two days on it for $7-8.  It was tasty.I'm not quite sure about the business model, but I hope he stays around.  My only criticism is that there are no set days for him to be at any particular location.  But if this dude needs to mix it up to keep his volume up then so be it.  He should start several different email distribution lists for each location and shoot out something to the location he will be at around 10:00 or 11:00 a.m. each day.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,2/21/2013,36,3,4,6,4>It's my neighborhood coffee shop and I've been going there since it opened some 7 or 8 years ago, but with the change in ownership in the last year or so it's gone from being a fine place to get good coffee to a food destination. Danny Winter is from Baton Rouge and brings a South Louisiana love of good food to the menu. I dropped by to pick up a breakfast biscuit for a friend in need last week. Alexis warmed the egg, cheese and ham biscuit perfectly and I was off, until I smelled the damned thing, so I stopped and ate it! The biscuit was so tender and buttery, and even warmed up the whole thing was moist and delicious. Friend-in-need got the second biscuit!The kitchen sink cookies, which have everything but the sink in them, are apparently addictive. One couple has three each day in the afternoon like clockwork.On Saturdays someone will get a wild hare and prepare a special. Last week it was grilled burgers with sour cream potato salad. Best burger I've had in a long while. The coffee's still great. They use Higher Ground, and also Finer Grind. I'm partial to the latter. Danny, Alexis, Mark, Josh and the gang make CCC both homey and professional. Stay all day! It has become a neighborly microcosm of Crestwood and Woodlawn. Oh, and be on the lookout for special events, like live music, wine tastings, art openings, vinyl night and movie night.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/16/2013,1,4,,3,2>The food is awesome!!  We have visited Little Savannah restaurant several times and have always had a good experience. The food is always great, we love the bar area and the owners and staff are super friendly and provide very good service.  You can't go wrong with any dish on their menu!  With that said, the fried catfish over blue grits with stewed tomatoes and okra dish they serve for restaurant week is over the top good!  Also, the farm to restaurant dinners they serve are also exceptional.  We look forward to going back again soon!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,2/15/2013,11,8,,1,2>I have only been to Mix for breakfast pastries, but you really can't get better baked goods downtown! The make the most amazingly delicious chocolate glazed donuts, the prosciutto and cheese croissants are heavenly and apple turnovers and so much bread and cinnamon rolls and almond croissants and and and I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,2/14/2013,7,10,,2,1>My husband and I love going to Dyron's for their Sunday brunch. Everything from the grits to dessert has been wonderful everytime. Last time we went the crab cakes benedict was great with a perfectly poached egg and wonderfully cooked asparagus. I've had the citrus grits at dinner and thought they were wonderful. It's not a combination you would expect, but it works. All 4 of us at the table tasted them and loved them. The bananas foster for dessert is a must! I've also sat at one of the benches, and I didn't find them awkward at all.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,2/13/2013,61,39,5,7,3>Here's how you have a perfect day when you're in the highland area: 1. Grab a friend or 12. 2. Go to Green Central Station. 3. Rent a picnic basket and a bicycle. 4. Order food for said picnic basket. (I recommend the salami plate or the paté plate with a side of fruit.  Seriously, try the paté.)5. Strap the basket on your rented bicycle and pedal your way to any of the beautiful parks on Highland Ave. They rent all their picnic equipment (bikes, games, baskets) by the day.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,2/12/2013,14,15,2,2,2>Went in around 10am on a Sunday and had about a 10 minute wait to sit down for two adults and two kids.  The restaurant had a nice, clean, friendly atmosphere.  Had the Bacquezo (bacon omelette with a bit of cream cheese + Monterey Jack, Chorizo) which was excellent (I recommend) while others at the table had the cinnamon roll french toast and the Hey Ricky (spinach omette with Chorizo, avocado + more; not a big fan of spinach myself but was told that it was good because of the fresh spinach...who knew?).  The Bacquezo was reeaally good but the Cinnamon Roll French Toast was superb.  The addition of blue/blackberries perfected the french toast.  Coffee was a medium/dark roast and quite good.  Staff were personable and polite.  No real downside, an allround great breakfast.  Definitely coming back when in the neighborhood.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,2/11/2013,20,7,,5,2>I only started frequenting Silvertron Cafe again recently. In the past I had only dined here for lunch but I must say, Brunch does not let you down. I'm thinking of making this a ritualistic visit at least two Sundays a month. The steak/eggs benedict are to die for and when paired with orange  mimosas it doesn't get much better. Service is always great and management always checks in with you 3/4 through the meal. Waitstaff is excellent. Kudos to Ellen to always makes the visit special.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,2/9/2013,23,18,2,5,3>i went to taco mama last week for a girls night. this was my first time there & when we arrived i was a little unsure of things.  eight women ordering food and drinks at different times from a counter can be a little hectic.  the staff there was amazing and tentative to our every need.  after our initial trip to the counter,  we never had to return and they made the night so easy for everyone, remembering each and every name and coming around to offer refills.i ordered the judge burrito and had half left over for lunch the next day.  the food was fresh and not fussy.  fun atmosphere with the garage doors up and roomier than it appears from the street.  a great spot to grab a casual dinner but it is extremely kid friendly (we may have been the only table there without kids) so if you are looking for a rowdy night out i would steer away.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/8/2013,11,39,1,1,1>Yum. I've been here on several dates and have not been disappointed. The burgers are small for the price but very tasty; the flip sauce is perfect for fry-dipping. The show-stopper, of course, is the nutella and burnt marshmallow milkshake -- divine. It's cute and trendy -- almost oddly so for Alabama. It's a little pricey, but as my dates have been paid for, I am certainly not complaining.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,2/7/2013,37,65,2,7,2>Convenient to UAB so that earns it an extra star right off the bat. The tomato chutney on the turkey panini is unmatched. I love the atmosphere; very laid back, comfy coffee shop feel. They have different artwork on the walls every few weeks. There are quaint mismatched tables and chairs and a few couches to relax and enjoy some great food and drink. Great service. Not good for groups, it's a pretty small place inside.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2008,2/6/2013,32,27,1,4,2>Cosmo's is a great little pizza place in five points south that I have been going to for years.  It used to be the norm to expect good food, bad service.. but the service has really been picking up lately.  A slice of pizza with alligator sausage and an order of stix and sauce can't be beat.  My absolute favorite thing in the world is their weekend brunch.  I try to go on Saturdays so that I can miss the obnoxious Sunday live performance (Or just get there early on Sunday) but I seriously dream about this brunch all week.  My favorite two brunch items are the eggs blackstone (eggs benedict but with apple wood smoked bacon) and hashbrown casserole... or the cowboy eggs - black beans and rice over tortilla shell with a poached egg, cilantro and citrus.  Instead of hasbrowns you can get gouda grits, which if you are a grits fan I hear are super super amazing.Oh, and I can't forget the bloody mary bar they have open for brunch!  Make it how you like it!!!  Or you can order a pitcher for $20
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/3/2013,0,1,,1,1>We purchased a Sharing Spree deal for Pinches and recently discovered the most authentic Mexican food in Birmingham. We managed to get there on Margarita Monday which (lime) was fab!! The fish tacos were to die for! Definitely love the atmosphere and vibe of Pinches; it is a great place to grab lunch or stop by for dinner and drinks on the way home. Can't wait to grab some girlfriends and head back!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/2/2013,15,21,,4,2>I have been letting Josh K. cut my hair since 2003 and have followed him to this salon. The atmosphere is low key and friendly, and they offer refreshments while you wait. Josh has a knack for being able to visualize a hairstyle that suits the face and temperament of the recipient. The wait can be a little past one's appointment time and in the 100 degree heat the window units struggle to keep up, but the stylists are top notch here.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,2/1/2013,111,13,2,5,7>Growing up, I read lots of books about some kid finding some magical book, ring, or cape, then going on some adventure. What's On 2nd reminds me of the place where "some adventure" begins. Sounds cheesy, I know.  Each time I visit this "junk shop," I'm reminded of those stories and some little part of me hopes I find that book, ring, or cape. Though this store is a favorite of mine for that reason, I'd recommend this place for no other reason than you never know what you're likely to find. When you're in this store, you're not shopping, you're hunting. There's odd bits of furniture and decor; stacks of comic books and magazines; collectibles and nicknacks. You're likely to find something you didn't even realize you needed. If you're Downtown on 2nd, What's On 2nd is a must, right after you've had a latte at Urban Standard or burger from Rogue Tavern.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,1/30/2013,39,11,2,2,2>I love El Barrio. Great atmosphere. Great staff. Great drinks. Great food. I love that they chose a downtown location. A couple of notes: they are consistently BUSY and do not take reservations. Do not be in a hurry. Also parking is limited and aggravating. It is just a part of being downtown. But those issues are minimal. It is truly a great downtown spot.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,1/29/2013,11,40,,2,1>The best food in Birmingham. The "create your own" antipasta is one of my favorites. All of the options are wonderful. The pizzas are also a must: delicious flavored dough and cooked in a brick oven. two people can also split a pizza. they are substantial. great atmosphere...you can sit at the bar and watch them cook, or sit in a booth and enjoy the low lighting and warm colors. if you are visiting birmingham, go to bettola!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,1/26/2013,89,327,,4,1>Delicious!Per recommendations we got there early and I'm glad we did because it was super crowded by the time we left.It starts with a friendly, attentive staff. After being seated and greeted by your server they'll pour some of their herbed olive oil onto an individual plate for you to dip the slices of fresh foccacia in.Lasagna was outstanding. Noodles were perfectly cooked. Bolognese sauce had a beautiful tomato flavor with an underlying garlic addition. Loaded with mozzarella cheese. The portion was generous for the price. I can't wait for my leftovers.My husband had the Chicken Parmigiana. He said that the sauce was better than Olive Garden but not the chicken patty. He thought the chicken patty tasted like it came from the freezer. I thought it tasted fine, but I only had a bite.Our friends had the Fettuccine alla Panna with chicken and the Lasagna Bianca. They both enjoyed their dishes and if you are a white sauce lover, like them, I believe they would highly recommend these choices. I tried a bite of the Lasagna Bianca which has spicy sausage and turnip greens in cream sauce. I thought the flavors melded perfectly but it didn't touch the deliciousness of the Lasagna with bolognese sauce.We also dived in to a huge slice of strawberry cake. I thought it was good...moist cake, creamy whipped icing, strawberry flavor not too overpowering. It's a big piece but I'm not sure it's worth $7.99.PROS:Friendly staffDelicious foodReasonable portions for priceCONS:Live Accordion (not that he was bad but the noise level was stressful)It's 45 min away! (for me)Salad with ranch dressing-very blandThe reason it's on my Top 100 Dishes to try list:LasagnaList:The BEST lasagna I've ever had (in a restaurant).
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/25/2013,440,356,9,11,12>This is our favorite fast food Mexican joint in the area. It seems like suddenly out of nowhere, the city is full of these types of places. Chipotle, Pinches, Camp Taco, Moe's, Izzo's....I am sure I am forgetting some. But you get the point. The major reason I love this place is because they have one of the bestest quesadillas I have ever had. Usually whenever I try a quesadilla, I get a greasy nasty mess of fake cheese and tough meat or uncooked veggies. But this place is the exact opposite. The cheese melts perfectly into ooey gooey deliciousness and the veggies are nicely cooked and taste fresh and comforting. We have also tried their nachos, and I was pleased with those as well. The service is always nice, the food is always great, and I don't feel like a fat moocow  after eating a meal.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/24/2013,31,141,5,5,6>Every time I think about Magic Muffins, the inside of my head is filled with a joyful song. Every time I drive by Magic Muffins, I scream to whoever is in the car with me "OH MY GOD, MAGIC MUFFINS!". I jabber on for days about Magic Muffins to my poor husband whenever I make muffins that just aren't as good. He just doesn't understand yet.I've had Magic Muffins since I was a teenager and ever since then, no other muffin compares. The blueberry and pumpkin muffins are my favorite, but I've never met a flavor that I don't like. The mini-muffins are awesome as well and never dried out as mini anything can be. These muffins aren't just regular muffins though - they have a great sugary, crispy top and I think that's the best part.It seems as though any time there is an event in my life, a box of Magic Muffins shows up. Bridal and baby showers, high school and college graduations, taken on vacations to the beach, and many more. As Ash C. said - go, get, and eat the muffins.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/12/2013,8,80,2,2,2>Oh, the strawberry cake...  It's like a little piece of paradise.  Seriously, if you like strawberries, you've GOT to try this cake.  I'm not a huge cake fan in general, but that thing is outstanding.  It's always really moist and surprisingly well-balanced considering how sweet the icing is.I've also had the German Chocolate cake and it was really good as well.  Again, very moist and it had bits of chocolate chunks in the cake itself.  A nice surprise!If you're a cake fan, try them.  If you AREN'T a cake fan, try them.  You'll probably be pleasantly surprised!  They aren't cheap, but in this case you get what you pay for.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,1/11/2013,23,114,4,9,3>Well, men, this is the location. This is the spot. Absolutely. Most men I know absolutely LOVE a good Hot Foam shave and hair cut. This is where you can get it.Over the years, it seems that true Barber shops are fading away. By true, I mean one that will use Hot Foam, a Straight Razor and various other things that go along with the Barber Pole! I can remember being a little boy and going with Dad to get my hair cut at a barber. Such good memories!Here at Blevins, which is conveniently located in downtown, you can relive this. You get an excellent hair cut and a shave at an affordable price. Also, you can get your shoes shined, and get a MANicure. All of the prices are affordable, and I believe you can get the full treatment and tip everyone generously for $50 or so. This is an excellent bargain, in my opinion.Please come support this locally owned shop. The people that work here are truly friendly, and it feels like you stepped into a time machine when you enter it. You won't regret it, guys!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/10/2013,34,11,2,6,2>This place is super impressive. The decor is wonderful (how cool are the rustic painted white branches above the booths?) and the staff is super friendly.I've actually been visiting twice a week since it recently opened.The a la carte menu is exactly what sushi lovers needed in this town.Their specialty rolls (tempura, mayo, masago, yuuuuuum) are as delicious as ANYWHERE in town without having to spend $20 a plate, like most other sushi restaurants in town.I've heard from neighborhood merchants in Crestwood Festival that are part of the shopping center's revival that Sushi Village's marketing has been super beneficial for foot traffic as they try to build back up. Good for everyone!My favs: Tuna sushi roll (a la carte), Miso Soup & Manhattan Roll
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,1/9/2013,80,246,,3,3>great lunch spot with HUGE sandwiches!  lots of choices for sandwiches and toppings and good prices too.  sandwiches are made fresh to order, just fill out the form and hand it to one of the friendly guys behind the counter.the deli cases are full of ready-made goodness - desserts, side dishes, pastas, sauces, you name it.  also a good wine and small craft beer selection.tucked away in a strip mall, but worth the hunt!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/8/2013,2,11,1,2,2>They have expanded over the past year and are better than ever. Great selection of specialty and hard to find items. And the only place you want to go if you need gluten free flours or pre-made items. Average to good prices allow me to do most of my grocery sopping here. And they're the only store who carries Vanilla blueberry Greek yogurt to which I'm addicted. I was even able to walk in and get some non-homogenized local milk and kefir grains to make my own at home! Awesome place. Only criticism is they could stand to have a better bread selection. What they have frozen is just fine but fresh is limited. But, that just pushes me to make my own so it's good all around. Finally, gotta say I love this place and their beautiful, friendly, and very helpful staff. Did I mention beautiful?
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,1/7/2013,23,25,2,9,5>I'm not sure why the previous reviewer had such a bad experience, but mine was just the opposite.  I finally had a chance to try it out a few days ago and I'm glad I did. And I will be back.  I like Mooyah much better than Five Guys and I used to be a big fan of Five Guys.  Lately, FGs has gone down in quality.  FGs burger taste 'smushed'...you know, like everything tastes the same...bread, meat condiments, all 'smushed' together...soggy lettuce, not-so-fresh tomatoes and blah tasting pickles.  But let me back up...Mooyah does have the same 'concept' as Five Guys so let's start there.  Here are the main differences:  Options:  Mooyah has several types of cheeses, several kinds of burgers (beef, turkey, veggie), two types of fries (regular and sweet potato) and different types of bread with wheat option and a 'breadless' patty option.   And they have endless toppings you can add.  Extras:  Mooyah also serves shakes (using Mayfield ice cream) and they also grilled cheese sandwiches for the little ones.  Other:  Mooyah bakes its bread fresh daily, in-house.  The freshness of the bread is what stood out to me.  It's like great pizza...the dough makes the pizza and in this case the bread makes the burger (at least for me).  Yes, they do wrap their burgers in foil like FGs, however, when you unwrap it the elements of the burger are separate and stand-alone in that it's fresh and put together like a homemade burger.   You can taste each individual part of the burger.  And considering that it's a 'fast' burger (i.e., not a steakhouse gourmet burger), the quality of Mooyah's is very good.  You place your own order by filling out your options on a slip of paper.  From there it's pretty similar to waiting for burgers  at FGs, minus the peanuts.  The taste of the fries are similar to FGs and they give you twice as much, just like FGs...fries overflowing in the bag.  I went just after lunch so it wasn't busy.  I don't know if the quality changes if the places gets a bit busy so that could make a difference.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I got a chance to talk to Jason, one of the manager/owner/operators and he was really cool.  I complimented him on the bread and I asked if it was possible to place an order for bread and he said  it's not an option now, but he would definitely look into providing that option.   If they do, I will buy.  So in the meantime he was nice enough to give me fresh bread out of the oven.  Score!  It's the little things for me.  As I said, I will be back.  I'm patiently waiting for them to open a store on the 'east side'. In the meantime, I'll gladly take a drive to 280.  Now be warned, it's a tad bit more expensive than the average burger place so don't expect a $3.99 combo option!If you like Five Guys give Mooyah a chance!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,1/3/2013,15,138,2,4,3>As persistent ocular troubles were plaguing me, I was referred here by my insurance, so I didn't pick Alabama Ophthalmology Associates but I was satisfied overall.I only saw Dr. Phillips, and he was able to diagnose my troubles.  I guess I would describe Dr. Phillips as sort of grandfatherly; he asked me questions about what I do and would comment on current news stories.  The front desk staff and nurses were polite and professional.Marie, the contact lens fitter, is a nice lady who is patient, willing to explain everything and often just starts explaining things without you asking, and is dedicated to putting you in the best possible lenses.  She also doesn't push you to buy contacts from them which is something I always worry about.  I think Marie is part of the optical shop side of AOA (Optiks), but I'll just include her here. Minus one star because of the unpredictable doctor wait times.  I always get an early morning appointment, and I've waited anywhere from -5 minutes to 70 minutes past my appointment time to be shown back.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,1/2/2013,11,49,2,2,2>Finally! I've been enjoying Pinkberry for a while on trips to the West Coast and for years have wished that Pinkberry would come to Birmingham in hopes that it would shut down all the "Pinkberry Wanna Be's". It hasn't succeeded at that yet but one can hope. LOL My favorite combo is a medium original with (insert sigh) their seasonal pomegranate seeds, chocolate chips and coconut, maybe with a few more of those pomegranate seeds thrown in the extra room. And when the pom is out of season I just load up on the other berries they offer.Stop going everywhere else for yogurt and support Pinkberry so they'll open more in the 'Ham.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,1/1/2013,44,240,2,3,3>This an amazing ministry outreach to the Avondale community! I haven't been in a while, but last time I was there they had an education program to get people their GREs, an adult literacy center, and a health/dental clinic downstairs. Basically this is an establishment run by a very solid staff that provides quality services to the impoverished people in the community free of charge. It's in a great location with a great mission to empower people to improve their lives!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/31/2012,72,51,2,3,3>Bailey Bros. has been around for many years and they have a good selection of instruments as well as experienced and knowledgeable sales staff. Plus, they host Camp Jam every summer, which I absolutely recommend attending! Definitely an excellent place to look for an instrument, music, accessories, etc. They are a bit light on piano music, but that's what Ellis Piano is for.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/30/2012,14,40,2,4,4>Railroad Park is one of the best things Birmingham has put together in a long time. They converted what was essentially a run down part of town where bums would congregate into a vibrant, green space that is fun for all ages.I live on Northside just a few blocks from the park and make a point to swing through on my run or bike ride whenever I can. When the weather is just right on a Saturday, it's not uncommon to see 200-300 people there. Even when it's not that crowded you can still find stuff going on like yoga and hip-hop dance classes.Playgrounds for kids, skate park, a running/walking track, free wifi, this park has everything. The surrounding area isn't the greatest, but within the park and around the perimeter it feels very safe. The security people do a good job.When the new stadium opens next year, I imagine the park will become even more of an asset to the community and further aid in the revitalization of the area.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,12/29/2012,28,132,2,4,3>I had a burger.  It was fantastic.  It's huge so no need to order an appetizer.  The beer menu is nice, long and extensive.   I'm a huge fan of ommegang so I had a three philosophers and then I also enjoyed a Lleffe!  nice nite there, it wasn't too loud.  We didn't wait at all for a table and arrived at 7PM.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,12/28/2012,62,78,2,4,5>Our first visit (3 of us) to Asian Rim was pretty damn good. They have not been open that long yet (under 1 month) so they are still working out some kinks but they appear to be firing on almost all cylinders so far.  They are *very* interested in feedback as the owner, waitress, and possibly the chef  asked multiple times how everything was.  Asian Rim is an amalgam of interesting takes on *somewhat * traditional Korean, Vietnamese and Japanese dishes, plus some American favorites thrown in.  Anyway, on to the meal!For the first appetizer, we shared the tempura green beans.  I hate to compare this place to Jinsei as they have widely different menus, but the dish was fairly comparable except perhaps the tempura batter at Jinsei is a little thicker.  Second, we ordered a few different apps including The Rim of Fire, the Chicken Wing Drumettes, the Lemongrass Sausage Ssam Lettuce Wraps and later some oysters. Anyway, the Rim of Fire is described as "Spicy Tuna Blend atop Fried Rice Cake, Frizzled Carrots, Beets, Sirracha with Sweet Miso Sauce."  We incorrectly assumed it would be similar to the Kadoma Tuna app at Jinsei.  The fried rice cake was kind of odd, it was too crunchy (unlike the rice cake for the Kadoma Tuna at Jinsei) and the frizzled carrots and beers were just kind of odd.  The tuna itself was good.  I did not dislike this dish; it just was not for me (or my dining companions).I was super excited for the Ssam as I was just at Momufuku Ssam Bar in NYC about two months ago and loved it.  I thought it was well executed with the sausage in one bowl and a couple of banchan toppings including a mixed kimchi (not just cabbage) plus rice and a couple of other things to be assembled in some very fresh bibb lettuce.  I would have used a few more pieces of lettuce and possibly some spicier condiments, but I am just being picky.You know all of those scenes in movies about heaven and all of the angels are singing and you hear this "ahhhhhh" as the heavens open up?  Well, that is about how I felt after taking the first bite of the wings which were actually only about 6 drumettes (bonus for S).  We all love wings to begin with so we were prejudiced anyway.  They were possibly the highlight of the meal and if they were not $11 for 6, they would be my go-to tailgate order over most other wing places in town.  A few people there advised they were first char-grilled, and then deep fried, then sautéed with Chiles, Miso, Soy, Garlic, and Rice Vinegar Marinade. They are nirvana - a lovely mix of sweet and spicy (which I typically do not enjoy too much on meat, I prefer no sweetness).  I love the char and the sauté with some spice but not too much and they come out piping hot.  The oysters were just a half dozen raw Apalachicola served with a trio of mignonette, some salsa (?) and another which was minced onions and jalapenos.  We also ordered the trio of salts - lemon, something and smoked salt.  I loved the smoked salt.  Otherwise, the oysters were fine but nothing special (this is no fault of the restaurant's; I just am not a huge fan of Apalachicola oysters).  For dinner, I ordered the shitake soup and asked if I could get the banh mi with the Korean bbq instead of the chicken with which it is typically served and they accommodated.  S ordered the lollipop roll while our friend J ordered some salmon sashimi and the sweet and sour soup.  I'll make this short as we over-ordered and were getting full.  The Shitake Miso soup with shaved beef had one bit of beef as hippo stated but packed a LOT of shitake punch.  Make sure you love shitake.  Pretty good but my eyes were bulging out of my head at this pointThe banh mi was a bit cumbersome on basically a split piece of French roll.  It tasted good (nice crunch as it should) but it was hard to take a bite of everything at once.  Perhaps they should maybe order bread from the same place in Atlanta that Saigon Noodle House up the street gets theirs.  The taste of the condiments (carrots, daikon, cilantro, etc) was right but the Korean bbq was a bit sweet.  This is my fault for ordering this way.  I still liked it and would return to try their original version but I am more of a traditionalist and won't be skipping out on Saigon Noodle House's BM2 with extra meat and pate!  The accompanying very thin shoestring fries were good. J devoured her 3 pieces of salmon so assumed they were good.  She also liked her hot and sour soup but preferred the shitake soup. S ate most of the lollipop roll which was good but at that point we were so stuffed they had to pull these three little piggies out of the seats.  Overall, it was many more hits than misses and the misses were user error or only near misses.  I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.  If only I didn't have to deal with 280 I would probably go weekly until I find my favorites.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2012,12/27/2012,8,27,3,6,3>Live in the Hoover area? Then you'll love Earth Fare. While the parking lot is difficult to reach (I entered through the Galleria entrance), it's worth the effort. The store is clean, well stocked and organized. The staff is helpful and friendly. This store is smaller and more manageable than Whole Foods, but manages to stock everything you need. The coupons at the front of the store are useful, but don't count on finding additional markdowns throughout the store. I'll be back to try out the prepared foods.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,12/26/2012,10,31,4,6,1>What time is right at Al's?? All the time!!! This is a Southside institution that is open 24hr's a day and provides some pretty tasty, cheap Mediterranean fare as well as some basic U S and A staples. From burgers to kabobs to shawarma to chicken tenders this is a wonderful place to go when you are working late or testing the limits of your liver till 4 am.  Be prepared to stand in line if its stupid late, but it is definitely worth it.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/25/2012,109,165,3,3,4>LOVE The Flying Pig!  A must for any beer or wine connoisseur!  Check out the hours and plan your trip now!  Very cozy and so charming, you'll find expert recommendations and a font of knowledge on beers and wine.  There's a local Gadsden honey on tap that, apparently, all of us chicks dig.  You'll also find a wine selection and rare mom & pop brews from family breweries.  None of that pee beer here - only the yummy!  I think I'm gonna have to make another trip this week!  ;)The Flying Pig is located off of US Hwy 11; the shop sits back from the main road in a small cottage.  It's cute and the owner is uber friendly...in a good way - NOT that creepy Southern way that I seem to find in so many small townships.  And if you're one of those proverbial stone-throwers, take note:  She, the owner, served in the Marine Corps and Navy.  She fought for your right to be an a**head.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/24/2012,36,269,2,6,2>50+ taps for draft beer to go, sample before you buy for about $1 per sample!  Or browse the shelves for a great selection 22 oz bombers, single 12 oz bottles, design your own 6 packs and more.  Large wine selection too.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,12/23/2012,3,11,2,3,4>Walked into Saw's for the first time, it looked like controlled chaos but everyone was laughing and having a good time - many knocking back a beer at lunch. The inside tables were all full so we sat at a picnic table outside in the alley. I said something about a BBQ plate but learned that they only have a BBQ sandwich and 2 sides! No problem for me- I had fried okra and fried onion rings with my sandwich.  They were the best onion rings I have ever had and that's the truth. really good BBQ too! I'll be going back.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,12/22/2012,35,180,3,4,3>Don't know what took me so long to try out the taco truck. While a gas station parking lot on a 95 degree day isn't the sort of place one would want to do lunch, the food is good. I had a chicken quesadilla, all the way. The quesadilla was good, but I really liked the hot sauces served with it. Not sure I'll eat hear a lot, but I will come back again.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,12/16/2012,45,202,2,4,3>I have to agree with other yelpers- if you want to wait, wait, wait, wait for your food... and it might not be the exact thing you ordered... take a chance on the delivery.  Otherwise, stick to take out. Go for lunch and try a few items so you'll know what you want when get take out.  I've been pleased with the dinner for two when I can't make up my mind and my husband is eating with me.  (Sometimes I add a small combo friend rice to the order.) When I'm ordering just for me, I try something new almost every time.  I will say, NOT a fan of the HUGE fatty odd tasting spare ribs.  But have been very pleased by the wonton soup, egg drop soup and we both love the hot and sour soup.  The egg rolls have been a pleasant surprise especially with their delicious hot mustard.  I suggest trying, at least once, the bacon fried rice!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/15/2012,89,26,2,2,2>Yum!  This is a great steakhouse.  It's a tweak below Flemings and Ruth's Chris in terms of price but nearly as good.  It is a great place to go for any kind of special occasion or to entertain some fine folks, but you can actually be fairly casual.  I pushed the edge of that envelope when I went for a quick early dinner mid-week after a (humid sweaty) run at the Trak Shak Wed. night group run.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,12/14/2012,88,57,2,3,3>Great place for lunch or drinks after work.  They have wonderful sandwiches.  My fav is the Reuben.  Yummy.....so good.  I am telling you, I really hope this place makes it.  It is a little hard to find.  It is tucked up and away from the main road.  You have to go up stairs or an elevator to make it to the place.  But when you get there, you just seat yourself.  I have always had a great waiter/waitress.  Never have I had a bad experience.  It is just nice and relaxing in this place.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/13/2012,57,115,3,7,2>So I wrote my first review based on "take out: food.Last night we went with friends and dined in.We ordered a bunch of different stuff but the two things we ordered that I had had before was the hot and sour soup and the fried rice (which our friends liked so much we ordered a second plate)So what was strange  (not twilight zone strange) was that the soup and the fried rice WERE COMPLETELY different. I am not saying like they tasted a bit different, totally different recipes. This time the soup had no pork in it, no noodles and was chock full of bamboo shoots.Good news. It was just as delicious but totally different. One of our friends had been to Hong Kong several times and she gave it the thumbs up as well. So no big mystery, clearly a different chef and home cooked authentic clearly much more important than consistency of menu. Silly me expecting the same thing twice.This place is so authentic the waitress didn't speak a word of english (we white folks were clearly not her standard customer base) so we did a lot of pointing to the menu and hold up of fingers. Seriously the food is so good here that if I had to draw pictures of the food while standing on my head  to place and order it would be well worth the effort
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/12/2012,65,139,2,5,3>Yeah, I'm a big kid with equally big rollerblades, and after all these years I still like to skate on occasion - and this is the place where I like to do it.  Skates 280 has been around for years, and continues to be a family-friendly, well-run place to go to when you have a hankering for a throwback involving wheeling around.  The crowd that frequents on the weekend (Saturday is the only night friends and I ever go) is fairly mixed - predominantly small kids (for birthday parties, etc.), but with an assortment of teens, parents, and young-to-mid adults.  (Check the hours - they're also open during the week, if I'm not mistaken.)  The guys that operate the place are *extremely* nice and know how to keep the "younglings" in line when need be, without making the experience uncomfortable for anyone; and as far as accommodating the entire crowd, the music selections are usually an equal mix of newer music, with some older (80s/90s) tunes thrown in for good measure (for those of us who barely care to know what a *Gaga* is).  The choice is available to bring your own skates (or blades) if you have them, or rent some when you get there.  And no worries about upkeep - there are plenty of working lockers to stash your stuff while you skate, and the rink floor is kept in great condition, so no need to fear falling as a result of inconspicuous craters masked by the colored disco lights (just falling as a result of poor skill and balance).  With regards to replenishing energy, I'm not huge on eating or drinking when there, but I believe there are drinks and snacks available for purchase by the interested.Although this past weekend was the first time I'd been back to Skates 280 in a really long time, I had a great time there, and that's generally been the response over all of my visits.  If you're looking for something to do with the kiddies, or maybe looking for an excuse to be a kid again yourself, Skates 280 is a very good idea.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/11/2012,202,144,3,5,5>Who would have known ... in a very random strip mall (if you can call it that) on 280 just south of Hugh Daniel Drive, sits a barstool shop, a southern cooking restaurant, a paint store and a little gem of a hot spot called City Vineyard.  I went there to listen to a blues musician that I'd been hearing about and ended up having quite a good time (apparently this is the honest truth - I checked my bill the next morning!) They have a nice selection of wines - from all across the globe. You can buy a bottle and have the girls pull the cork for you there and drink on at their pub tables, or you can choose from a TON of (very good) selections by the glass.  They even have a few menu items - like a tasty meat and cheese plate (which we, OF COURSE, just HAD TO try).  Their beer selection is good, however, not cold and not served in a chilled glass, which was a minusI DO have my favorite wine store in town ... but I might just try City Vineyard next time I need a bottle and don't feel like traveling down 280 (ohhhh my atlanta friends ... please don't go there - I'm not QUITE a surburban-ite - at least not just yet!)
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/10/2012,8,36,2,4,2>Today was my 4th visit to Our Place.  I tend to forget about it since it is a bit hidden.  I have had their breakfast, chicken salad, and the Evelyn's special.  Breakfast is very good and reasonable.  It is much better than the Waffle House where you can never get a seat.  The chicken salad was good, but the Evelyn's special is what to get.  It is a toasted sub with roast beef, provolone cheese, and grilled onions.  Like the other reviewers have stated their sides leave something to be desired. Just get chips or fries.  Nice people with a cozy atmosphere.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,12/9/2012,77,54,2,2,2>I'm always a fan of a food truck.  Always.  So clearly I need to be a fan of shindigs.  All in all, everything on the menu is extremely tasty and I highly recommend that you try out shindigs for yourself.  That said, the prices are high for street food.  I'd be willing to swallow this a bit more if the burgers were large juicy patties that are cooked to a medium rare.  Shindigs throws together two small fully cooked "pancake" patties together on a bun (granted, smashing a lovely mix of bacon and yummy goodness between them).  Although the end product tastes great, the flavor of the beef is lost.Follow them on facebook, and check them out the next opportunity you have.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,12/8/2012,18,53,3,5,5>Run, don't walk, here immediately for the Sopa Costena.  Only place I know of in Birmingham that serves this dish and it is outstanding.  The rest of menu is basically a copy of Los Amigos' with the addition of a few off-the-wall items that are definitely worth trying.  Also, $2.00 happy hour margaritas.  Mariachi on Fridays.  What more can you ask for?
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/7/2012,18,54,3,3,3>Came in for dinner after work, place was not that busy, but that changed quickly. I was hungry and got the 3 meat special. BBQ chicken, two ribs, pork, 3 pieces of bread and two sides, I got beans and deviled eggs.This was alot of food as the pictures shows. I have been starting with my sides first for a few months and this was no exception, beans were really good and had plenty of pork in them for taste but not too much. Deviled eggs are one of my guilty pleasures, they can be great and can gross. These were a pleasant surprise, filling was not runny and really were good, could have used more than two, :).The Ribs were next, the bbq sauce Saw's uses is vinegar based and was very good. They were fall off the bone tender.Had the chicken leg and it was also very good, bbq sauce and cooked perfectly and not dry at all.Had a few pieces of the pork and it was great but I was stuffed.Lance the night manager was great and we chatted a bit but this place get busy.Will be back.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,12/2/2012,23,18,2,2,2>i have never disliked anything about 26.  every meal and experience there is always top notch. i think their lunch is one of the best in town... shrimp po-boy, grouper sandwich, daily mac n cheese special, and the 26 chop are among my favorites. honestly i don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  the service is outstanding and i love how knowledgeable the staff is about food and wine.  fantastic spot!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,12/1/2012,113,225,3,3,2>We've recently been a few times and while we usually sit at a table, this past trip we sat at the bar.  We enjoyed tapas and drinks.  David ordered from the happy hour menu and had the mixed drink that has whiskey in it--sorry I can't remember the name of it, but it is our favorite off the happy hour menu.  I ordered the basil and lemon martini.  Yum!  It's very unique and I loved the mixture of flavors.  We shared a number of items off the tapa menu--crab cakes, shrimp, and beef tips.  We also ordered the dolmades from the hot appetizer menu.  They were good, but not my favorite.  From the tapas, I enjoyed the beef tips the most.  Next the crab cakes and then the shrimp.  We finished off our meal with a piece of the baklavah cheesecake.  We were so stuffed that by the time it arrived, we had to get it in a to-go box.  Yum yum do-di-yos!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/30/2012,837,503,2,5,2>Great new spot for cigar lovers here in Birmingham. These guys really know their stuff when it comes to cigars! They sell a lot of the major brands and have cigars in almost every price range.They also have a cigar lounge with leather chairs and big screen tvs. This provides a great way to hang out with good people and enjoy a good cigar at the same time!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,11/29/2012,3,11,3,3,3>A local favorite. One of my favorite lunch places, even more favorite if it's my off day and I can have a few beers from their amazing beer selection! What you have to remember about the Dip Deli is that it is also a package store. They have a great selection of wine, beer and some liquors. You can buy a bottle of wine and have it with your sandwiches for lunch or early dinner. Service is casual but always friendly. I will continue to come here on a weekly basis as long as I'm in proximity to Vestavia.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,11/28/2012,8,8,2,3,2>Camp Taco is not fantastic. But it's pretty solid for a casual Mexican place. Their specialty tacos are all pretty tasty, if a little small for the price. Their value items really are a good value, but they aren't quite as tasty. So, you won't be wowed, but you won't be disappointed either. All-in-all I'd say their food earns a 3/5, but +1 for being a decent cheap place in Five Points and for having a $3 bean burrito that could make a meal in a pinch.As another reviewer mentioned, the street address should have "South" appended. I've submitted the change, but in case it isn't visible yet, make sure you go to Five Points South and not Pratt City.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,11/27/2012,1,9,,2,2>I love supporting local businesses, and so I thought I would give this place a shot. Man-oh-man, is it delicious. I like to imagine that at the restaurant's conception, Jesus himself came down from the heavens and blessed it. He then tried that Bonzai sauce and saw that it was good.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,11/26/2012,13,11,,3,1>Wanted to get away from the mall and found this on Yelp. Sign outside building said "best southern sweet tea around".  It's good. As long as you like your sweet tea SWEET!!!We tried The Chicken Teriyaki bowls and Fast Eddie  dinner (chicken and spicy steak) with fried rice. Both were very good and even better with the "white sauce" that was on the table (horseradish bases sauce). Compared very favorably with Otanis which we normally eat at.  However this was much less expensive and a very good deal.It is buried in a shopping plaza so it's unlikely you will stumble across it unless you are specifically looking for it.  The staff was very attentive and polite.  Anytime we are in the area we will certainly visit again.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,11/25/2012,1,1,2,4,3>This is a very good Mexican restaurant, with the best guacamole in town.  For 6 bucks they make it fresh right at your table, and it is absolutely wonderful.  The menu is fairly typical for this kind of place but expansive, and the rest of the food is a solid cut above "typical" Mexican.  Prices are competitive, and service is very good.   I really, really like Agave Grill.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/24/2012,53,11,3,4,3>The BBQ is top notch. Th food is prepared on site. There are some menu items that may be overlooked in this dandy BBQ joint. The wings are the very best I have ever had. They fall off of the bone and melt in your mouth. Smoked wings are the only way to go. The BBQ chicken sandwich is a treat. Your mouth is hosting a party and you better invite the chicken sandwich. My favorite "change up" is the Fried shrimp sandwich. Ahh Lawd! It is soooo delicious that I'm not going to 'splain it because it can't be 'splained. Just do it. You can thank me later. The only way to compliment these delicious items is with Moe's homemade sides. Greens, sweet potato casserole, squash casserole, butter beans, and of course your cole slaw and baked beans and mac n' cheese. The sides that are offered change every day or so. All is prepared in their kitchen and fresher than Will Smith. The home made desserts will actually make you cry a little bit. They offer cold beer too. Picnic tables and decent size TV on the wall. Note: fried shrimp sandy with squash casserole and collard greens washed down with an Arnold Palmer is a home freakin' run! Go now!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/23/2012,17,8,4,3,3>I would like to preface this review by saying that I don't make eating food from gas stations a habit . . . but the bean burritos from this Flying J are amazing (hence my 5 stars).I know what you're thinking - 'Gas station burritos?!?  Groooosssss!', but seriously, don't knock it till you try it!  They're not too messy to eat in the car (leave it in the little plastic bag to avoid bottoming out) and I'm pretty sure they're fried in oil from heaven.Next time you're headed north out of town and need to fill up on decently priced gas, hit up this Flying J (just before Gardendale) and get a bean burrito.As far as other gas station type amenities go, they're spot on.  It's clean, there are plenty of pumps (although it's a fairly busy place), bathrooms are better than the typical, staff is friendly etc.  (Stop judging me and try the freaking burritos!)
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/21/2012,15,25,1,4,1>Now, BTR doesn't have a shot at comparing the amount of beers they serve to places like The Nook, but what they do serve is world-class brews.  They are in the process of brewing their own beer, making them a bonafide brewpub.  The thing I liked the most about BTR is that their staff is as open and adventurous as we are!  For instance, we decided we wanted to mix a couple beers together (Back Forty Freckle Belly IPA & Founders Breakfast Stout).  Waitress got it for us, no problem.  Then we started thinking about how different IPAs would match up with different stouts.  Our waitress brought us a sample of every weird concoction we came up with!  The girl at the bar even complimented us for thinking outside the box!Great atmosphere, great food, great service, and great beer.  We WILL be back soon.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,11/20/2012,4,38,,1,2>I've only had their Dolsot BimBimBap (K2 on the menu) but it's possibly the best BimBimBap I have had EVERRRRRRR.The service sometimes sucks. Not because the waitress sucks, but because there is usually only one... EVERRRRRRRR... and sometimes it gets busy.Side dishes are good. Doesn't change much though. Sometimes they have internet Korean? television on. It's pretty fun to watch because the people on the show are so enthusiastic. Wow. Woooooow Wooooooowww...  at the most stupid things, they are Wooooooooow.Service may not be badass like Chuck Norris but the food and sometimes wait is worth it.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,11/19/2012,111,13,2,3,2>This place surprised me twice for my first visit at the Summit location. First, I expected it to be a much more formal dining experience. Instead I found a fun, relaxed lunch destination. Second, though the serving sizes are a little small for this Alabama Boy with an Alabama-Boy's appetite, by the time I packed up my e-reader, I was stuffed and satisfied. The food is delicious! My second visit at the Homewood location was a little less than pleasant. The girl at the counter (let's call her The GATC because there will be more about her later) isn't lying if you can get her to tell you what's good. Between the Summit and Homewood locations, my preference is for the Summit even with 280 traffic. The Homewood spot is small which made me feel claustrophobic. The GATC was a little less than nice and was useless when asked to offer a suggestion for something specific to eat. It's unsettling to get 8-seconds of blank staring before finally hearing, "The pork is good." Another bummer: the Wi-Fi is for office use only. If not for the matching decor, the menu and big sign that reads "Urban Cookhouse," I'd think I was eating at a different place entirely at the Summit. It's spacious, the staff is friendlier, and (guess what) has Wi-Fi... Thinking back on it, I could have been hi-jacking another store's signal... I'll get back with a solid answer later. Other eateries have a good vibe. Other places even have Wi-Fi and a friendlier staff. But Urban Cookhouse is the only place with Chipotle Braised Pork. I can overlook the negatives for those two little rolls stuffed with shredded piggy, served with a side of amazing dipping sauce. I ordered it both times. I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,11/18/2012,5,8,2,7,1>We tried to go Friday night, but there was an hour wait, and people were still pouring in, and to me, that's a good sign. Went back Saturday afternoon for an early dinner and couldn't have been happier.We were seated right away, and our server, Ashley, was great. She is very knowledgeable, and friendly. Being new, I asked for recommendations, she not only told us what she liked, but what people seemed to order the most. This is a person who knows her customers, and restaurant well.I started with a cup of Chicken Tortilla soup, which was terrific, and I highly recommend it. The chicken was fresh, the tomato/chicken/cheese stock was thick, and the tortilla strips were the perfect touch, as well as the dollop of sour cream.I followed it up with the delmonico steak. It's rubbed with a chile seasoning, but I changed that to make it pepper crusted, and it was the right decision. The steak was a good size at about 14oz. I ordered it medium well, and that's the way it was prepared. The steak had very little fat, and was too big for me to finish, but I loved it. It came with a side of southwest au gratin potatoes. It would have never occurred to me to season potatoes with chile, and other southwest seasonings but they were great.  At $19.95, it was a great value.I've been to other steakhouses, but for me, Firebirds is the best I've had, and is definitely my choice for steak in the Birmingham area.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/17/2012,3,4,2,2,2>Awesome atmosphere, really cool vibe every time I'm there, particularly when sitting outside (across from the park, so plenty to look at, too). Also, check their events page regularly - there's some pretty neat stuff and deals to steal throughout the year, so take advantage of their social media presence for sure.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,11/16/2012,11,14,,2,2>Oh I wish I could sum this up by simply saying - "They were so good they made me love asparagus" but people who don't know me would have no idea what that means! This place is absolutely amazing. My boyfriend brought me here for after my bar ceremony when I passed the bar. It couldn't have been a more fitting celebration. The moment we walked in the setting was nice and relaxing... the tables very comfortable.. i even joked about wanting to nap on the huge booths. It had the feel of a log cabin.. amazing. Then our server (Stan) greeted us and got us to try the most amazing appetizer.. it was a sun dried tomato artichoke dip with jalapenos ... when we told him we love jalapenos.. without missing a beat he said "I'll bring you extra!".. he then made a suggestion that I try the asparagus... and me being an extremely picky eater I was hesitant... the asparagus was so amazing that my boyfriend proceeded to steal some! I can forgive him though because he let me try two pieces of his amazing steak.. Speaking of which when we asked Stan which steak was better... instead of trying to upsale ... he merely explained which part of the cow the steak came from... the actual differences of the meat.. and then how the cheaper one was actually the more tender of the two... and it was merely amazing. I couldn't finish my meal because the helping was huge... however.. it tasted amazing the next day! (Btw the mashed potatoes.. delish!) I'm so impressed.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/15/2012,0,20,,2,2>Stop by Fat Sams and you'll get enough food for two meals at a great price.  If I could give it a half dollar sign for price I would.  I got the Dragon Belly, which is a buffalo chicken pita roll-up.   Sam butterflied breaded and fried a fresh chicken breast, slice up a real potato for the fries and had a great conversation with me at the same time.  Hard to find fast food truly made fresh and Sam knows how to do it.The guy in front of me got the Reuben and it looked AMAZING, probably going to go for that next time.Sam does box lunches for catering too.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/14/2012,440,356,8,12,11>Are you looking for a unique gift for a friend or family member? Maybe you are looking for a little treasure for yourself. Whatever your trinket needs, you are likely to find something cute here. I walked into the store just to browse. What did I find? A perfect gift for a friend. He is obsessed with ninjas. So of course I had to pick up the adorable salt and pepper shaker ninjas. And this is what I found for me.... yelp.com/biz_photos/9dRuVery neat place!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/12/2012,31,141,3,6,4>I'll be honest with you - I am so sick of self-serve frozen yogurt.There. I said it. I love ice cream/fro-yo as much as the next person, but I'm just tired of the concept I think.That being said, I was so excited to try out Steel City Pops when a friend raved about them. Unique popsicles? I'm totally there. I wanted to be a little adventurous so I got the strawberry balsamic flavor. Wow! What a great flavor combination that I wouldn't have thought of on my own. Super refreshing, oddly tangy, and exactly what I wanted on a hot Birmingham day. My husband got the orange cream popsicle and really enjoyed it. I definitely want to try avocado and pineapple jalapeno in the near future!My one compliant is that the store front is very little and the parking around it isn't the best. The Friday afternoon that my husband I went the line was out the door. I definitely don't mind kids at all, but it seemed like a zoo because 1) the store was so small and 2) there were so many kids/moms at one time. This wasn't a big deal but next time we might try to time it so we're not there at a popular time (right after lunch).
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,11/11/2012,26,3,2,4,2>Enjoyed Sunday brunch here today. Service was slow but the food was great! My friends and I enjoyed the patio and were told (for future reference) that dogs are welcome. I've heard concerns about the small menu, but the selections all sounded so good that I had a hard time choosing between 3 of the 5 entrees. The shrimp and grits were delicious, and my friends enjoyed the burger and the burrito, as well as mimosas. I'll look forward to going again soon.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,11/10/2012,1,4,2,3,2>What a fantastic place to have nearby! The food is always great (lamb gyro is especially yummy), the service flawless, and it isn't pricy either. As for sides rice is the way to go; seasoned to perfection. The restaurant has a great atmosphere with a neat rotunda-esque entrance, beautiful pictures of Greece everywhere you look, and Greek columns scattered throughout. On most occasions you can get in and out in under half an hour, but I'm usually inclined to stay and hang out a while. Either way, Taziki's is a quality dependable neighborhood eatery that will never leave you disappointed.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,11/9/2012,19,26,,2,1>The hub and I have recently moved back south after many years in Chicago, and while we're loving being back in the land of turnip greens and bar-b-q, we have missed the great variety of restaurants available back in the windy city - especially down town!Brick and Tin is a lovely, affordable spot with a cool, laid-back but still upscale vibe that had us feeling comfortable and at home from the first moment. The food was fresh and very tasty. I had the Parma panini with a classic salad and hub had the Florentine with a side of couscous. The panini and couscous were excellent - the salad was a good size but had way too much dressing tossed in for my tastes - so if you want anything less than "drowned," request dressing on the side.  Service was friendly and the food was out fast - perfect for a quick bite before heading over to RMTC for a show.  We took home an order of the chocolate bread pudding for dessert, and it wasn't the best I've had - but we didn't eat it til hours later, so I'll reserve final judgment til we can try it fresh.  It was ***VERY*** chocolately....brownies drowned in fudge sauce chocolately. :DWe will definitely be back!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,11/7/2012,14,15,3,3,2>I'll say upfront that I'm a fan of Starbucks, mostly because they actually make reliably good coffee.  I feel if you're going to be a coffee shop you should at the very least brew a good cup of coffee otherwise just call yourself a free wifi stop with some tastees to boot.  So Starbucks is the yardstick I use to measure coffee shops based on coffee quality.  I always prefer to buy local as long as it's 1. convenient and 2. tastes good.. so that should give about every other coffee shop a leg up on the 'bucks.  I've tried a couple of other coffee shops in the vicinity and wasn't a big fan of their hot brown caffeinated water (I drink dark roasts so perhaps I'm missing out on something else?).  That being said, Lucy's brews a great cup of coffee (almost as good as Starbucks.. sorry that's as painful to write as I'm sure it is to read).  Lucy's has a friendly staff and really nice atmosphere with eclectic decor.  I'd choose going to Lucy's over Starbucks everyday of the week and twice on Sunday if only they were open on Saturday and Sunday.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,11/6/2012,12,3,3,4,4>My new favorite restaurant? Yes.I have been twice, once with a friend, once with my mom. On my first visit I had the pork chorizo burger with a side of tempura-fried okra. The burger was amazing and filling. The flavors worked perfectly together and the presentation was gorgeous. The okra was delectable as well, although I like my fried foods to be served piping hot and there were just about room temperature.On my second visit, I had the raw hamachi burger, tempura-fried okra, and a Cap'n Crunch Milkshake. The burger was good flavor-wise, although again temperature was an issue for me. It was also completely stuffed: I had to stab the chunks of hamachi and sweetbreads from my plate; a totally different experience than many people indicate (some say the portions are small). Again, the okra was too cool for my taste, but either way it is totally delicious. The milkshake was... good, but probably the only thing I felt wasn't worth the price. The flavors were all there, but fairly conventional.One more thing: on both visits I ordered the unsweetened tea. As a tea lover, I cannot recommend them highly enough. Stunningly flavorful and relatively inexpensive.Additionally, the location and atmosphere are top-notch, and the staff is quite friendly and helpful. I take all of my family here whenever they come in town, couldn't recommend a visit more.Edit: I now go to Flip every couple of weeks. The menu has changed dramatically since I first posted this review, including the unfortunate transition from their Intelligentsia iced tea to what tastes like Luzianne or Lipton's. The fries have also changed for the worse.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,11/5/2012,39,11,2,3,2>Most likely my new "go to" neighborhood bar. It has a great feel. The bartender was extremely knowledgable and friendly, the music was classy and nostalgic, and the space was comfortable and clean. The addition of games was a nice touch. The drinks are very well made and reasonably priced. However, I think that it is going to take some time to fully develop its character and lose some of the "sterile" feel that I have heard some people complain about. Wow does it have potential though.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/4/2012,8,80,2,4,3>The GBHS is one of the better humane societies that I've seen.  I have both adopted from them and volunteered there for a while.  The volunteers go through some training to make sure they understand how to handle the animals and have more in depth classes based on their interest.  I'm more interested in cats, so that's the area I chose.  They are very clean and safe and have plenty of rules for the volunteers so that all of the animals have the best care.  My favorite part was playing with the kittens!My dad and I adopted a dog from there back when they were at their other location - Lomb Ave, I think it was.  Then I adopted a cat about four years ago.  The screening process seems to be pretty careful and takes into consideration the temperament of the animal and the environment that it will be going into.  Of course they aren't perfect, but in the world of humane societies, they are definitely toward the top.  Go visit them!  Even if you aren't looking to adopt, it's a very nice, airy facility and you can play with some of the animals.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,11/3/2012,16,10,,1,1>Everything is fresh.  The "Mr. P's Steak Hoagie" is the best but everything else I've ever had is so very good.  This place is a family favorite.  The owner is always very welcoming and its a friendly atmosphere.  Separate from the deli/butcher shop, they sell sauces, marinades, local brands-a lot of interesting things to choose from.  Fair prices, great food!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,11/2/2012,29,18,2,3,2>I LOVE this place.This is my favorite spot in Birmingham! It is beautiful, relaxing, and has the most soothing atmosphere. Best of all is that it is free!My suggestions: take a date for a day of wondering the gardens and maybe even explore some of the mini hiking trails. I personally go to take notes on the plants for my own garden - its great for inspiration - and on your way out you can purchase herbs and flowers at the garden shop.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/31/2012,3,4,3,2,2>A much needed addition to the Avondale/Forest Park area! I love popping in to purchase fresh, local produce and products. Whether I need a few ingredients for dinner, or groceries for the week, Freshfully offers exactly what I need for healthy and delicious meals. I can't wait to see what local products they add to the mix in the future.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,10/30/2012,16,10,2,4,3>(NOTE: This review only pertains to breakfast!)Everybody who's anybody in the Birmingham culinary scene knows that the Greeks control everything, and I mean everything. All the barbecue joints, steak houses, seafood restaurants and even the local fast casual places like Zoe's. Well, everything that is except Frank Stitt and all the Mediterranean places like purple onion. Demitri's is no different. There are a couple things on the menu that deviate far away from the standard bbq breakfast fare and get into a far more Greek influenced genre. They have this mythical white turkey omelet that can be served Western style. And, if your palette allows you, you can taste just a hint of oregano in it. No lie. They also have a homemade salsa that you can dip it in that's incredible. It's a little odd for a bbq joint, but it's really good. Then there's my own personal dilemma with French Toast. I have a hankering for it fort-nightly. And Demitri's was a breath of fresh air. It was whole grain baguette, sliced, lightly skillet fried with egg and topped with powdered sugar. There were hints of cinnamon that worked really well with the seedy goodness of the bread. But the magic really happens when you drizzle it with honey instead of syrup. It's awesome. So if you're ever in the neighborhood in the am, give it a shot.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,10/29/2012,17,63,2,3,2>I am here every Wednesday for happy hour! If you are looking for a happening scene, then this is not the place for you.  But if you've had a tough day at work and you are trying to take the edge off then I highly recommend the frozen pink cosmo. One will do it and two will have you walking it off in the mall and making purchases you probably wouldn't be making sober :-)Bobby is our regular waitor and does a great job!  We just walk in the door and he knows to bring our pink drinks out!Food is also delicious - had several things off the menu - love the corn grits and snap peas, the pepper jelly chicken salad, almond chicken salad, shrimp remoulade and the fried chicken is to die for!!!!  It's crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside the way I like it!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/28/2012,15,138,3,4,5>Dealing with a deflated rubber donut known as a flat tire is never a joyous occurrence, and on Friday to boot?  Thankfully Lee Rodgers made the whole ordeal not as bad as it could have been.  Whew.I ended up coming to Lee Rodgers due to a recommendation and its convenient locale, well to me at least.  I had called ahead to find out the cost of fixing up a leaky tire and also to get a sense of how busy they were (they were kind of slammed that particular morning).  I dropped off my car after a quick check-in process.  They called me about two hours later to let me know that my pride and joy was healed and ready to the tune of $20.  The guy I talked to both on the phone and in-person was very polite and nice, so no condescending vibes there.I certainly never want a flat ever again, but if a nail just so happens to insert itself into my treads again, I'll be sure to head over to Lee Rodgers right away.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,10/27/2012,25,8,3,4,3>Want to put all your friends' dogs to shame with your well-behaved four-legged friend? Call We Talk Dog. I can't say enough great things about the trainers, Adam and Kalyn. They are so knowledgeable, professional and friendly. And best of all - they LOVE what they do!The training principles they taught us back in 2009 will remain with us for life. Our welsh corgi, Solo, is now 3 years old and is so friendly and well-behaved. We are able to take him almost everywhere we go and know he will always obey our commands. All of our friends love being around Solo. We owe it all to We Talk Dog!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,10/26/2012,11,49,2,3,2>Jackson's is definitely underrated. I come here often with buddies for drinks and some grub. The wait staff is awesome, ask for a table in Brandon's section; he'll take great care of you and your party large or small. I love the buffalo feathers and the fries served with the wasabi aioli. I used to get their mussels until they recently took it off the menu. If you're looking for a great casual spot to hang with friends and get some good drinks and food then Jackson's is a must try. Their desserts are also great, try the gooey cake!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,10/25/2012,25,63,2,3,3>Mexican comfort food doesn't have to come loaded with cheese and accompanied by a basket brimming with nachos. Pinches proves that (you won't find either here). But the chicken mole taco will make your endorphins surge. The warm carne asada taco will be so tender and flavorful that you'll want to take your time and make it last. Biggest surprise was the veggie burrito, stuffed with nicely seasoned vegetables that were not overcooked (So long, sad, limp veggies at the bottom of the Salsaritas tin!). There were some unusual veggies in the mix like eggplant and red cabbage. And the burrito held together nicely, warm and crisp on the outside. It all worked. Friendly folks behind the counter. One note: if the weather is bad and the outdoor patio isn't an option, during peak times be prepared to wait for a table. It's tight in there.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,10/24/2012,24,83,2,4,3>DC Cupcakes are all the rage these days, but even the original ones based in Georgetown pale in comparison to Baby Bites. Best desserts I have ever had in my life. I always get a few for my weekend treat after a long week! Thank you, Pastry Art.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/23/2012,0,11,2,2,2>I have gone to this restaurant since I moved here to Birmingham and have always loved it. It is down home good Italian. The old location on Green Springs was an older dark and casual place that we enjoyed with our daughter all the time. The newer location in the Soho is a little fancier but the food is still good. We don't go as often because it is harder with our young daughter but we just had a group of 15 go this weekend and had a fabulous time.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/22/2012,44,240,3,5,3>Seriously, if I ever leave Birmingham, this will be one of my greatest losses. These guys are honest, trustworthy, classy, and diligent workers. I have visited them for about 6 or 7 occasions to get cars worked on, and they have successfully answered the call each time; affordably on top of that. If you price shop around like I have, you will find them as the top few most affordable car shops to visit. And they know their stuff. They must have some wives that really care about their shop because waiting in their sitting room is like relaxing in your neighbor's living room. They got sweet couches, tv, tables, magazines, free WiFi, etc. Trust me, you will feel comfortable here. Or if you don't want to wait, you can use their drop off service by leaving your car there the night before, and they come in the morning to find your keys with a description of the problem in their lockbox. They check with you about how much it is and what you want to get done. They work on it and let you know when it's done. I have used that service multiple times. Fast, reliable service. Top notch stuff. These guys are an oasis in the desert of quality auto shops. I always had that terrible feeling going to a shop of how much they would try to rob me. I don't feel that at all anymore with Bob and Richard at The Garage. My only sadness of this shop is that it's in Pelham, so that's why I save it for mid to major car repairs.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,10/21/2012,23,8,3,4,3>I went here today for brunch. When I first arrived I was afraid that I might not be able to find a seat. Luckily, by the time I ordered a table had magically opened up.I ordered a bagel with salmon and caper cream cheese. It also came with a side salad and was topped with a fried egg. The entire meal was nothing short of spectacular. The salad was tasty and perfectly dressed, while the virtuous bagel was adequately topped with a mixture of cream cheese, salmon, and capers. I really love capers, and there were plenty mixed in with the spread. The egg was cooked so the yolk was runny, and it mixed with the rest of the bagel, making it extra-awesome. All in all, I would definitely check this place out if you are looking for a brunch spot!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/20/2012,23,114,2,4,3>I had my first visit to to Church Street today and wasn't disappointed. The area is so pleasant and welcoming, and the exterior of the shop is very inviting. There is a nice patio outside, that looks like it would be delightful in the Fall. As I walked in, I was immediately and cordially greeted by the staff. Both employees had huge, genuine smiles and were very eager to help me make a selection. I had a simple iced latte, which was absolutely delicious. I'm not big on adding sweeteners to my caffeine, and this was the perfect blend of favors. The prices are very reasonable as well, and they have a wide variety of selections.The bookstore aspect is quite charming as well. While not a full out bookstore with your favorite escapade on hand, there is a good selection of various books for the thoughtful reader. Overall, if you are in this area a lot, I'd say this should be a regular hangout for you.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,10/19/2012,3,11,2,5,3>This is one of my favorite places for a quick lunch.  Some will recognize Ouslers as a place that makes finger sandwiches for parties and tailgating. But from 11-2 they are open for walk- in traffic.  You can buy a box lunch or individual sandwiches- chicken salad, egg salad, ham and cheese on wheat or white bread. They are tasty sandwiches for $1.70 each! The chicken salad is outstanding. With parking right at the front door- easy in and out and the people working there are great.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/18/2012,8,27,3,5,4>YOU MUST GO TO OLLIE IRENE, and that's an order.Be sure to try the Seafood Stew; it's not a traditional stew, by far. You can definitely share this dish with someone else, if you're into sharing food. My friends raved about the cheese plate hors h'oeuvres and the pork chops.I personally love the understated decor. They aren't too big for their britches, and it's not stuffy.I REALLY want to give Ollie Irene 5 stars. However, there are a few items I'd like for them to work out: 1.) The hamburger. It's phenomenal. You literally have to eat it exactly how the chef prepares it.  I DO wish they'd offer a side salad in lieu of potatoes and an option. I just need a litte lettuce to round out my meat. Also, waitress, please don't be rude about my asking about said burger since it's off the menu.2.) One of the specialty cocktails features rose water; I can't remember the name. Avoid this drink. While pretty and fragrant, it tastes and smells like you're drinking bath water. 3.) The shrimp salad is a bust, and I really wanted it to be delicious.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/17/2012,16,33,2,5,2>This is truly one of the most wonderful places I have ever dined. The decor is magnificent and the views lovely.  There are several options for seating. Porches overlooking pastures, the bar, chefs counter or standard floor seating. All are equally comfortable. This week I wandered in and had the pleasure of sitting at the chefs counter where I visited with executive Chef, Rob McDaniel. He had some local grown heirloom tomatoes that were not to be believed in various colors and sizes.Rob said, " you have to try some of these"... He sliced some up  sprinkled some fresh thyme on top and presented me with my favorite summer treat. WOW.... Heaven.The bread was delicious and made on site. Interesting herb salts and fresh creamed butter accompany this.My main course was seared scallops on top of succotash!!! I was truly overwhelmed... The fresh local okra, corn, field peas, and baby lima beans were just every so lightly cooked. The flavors were bursting!!!! Perfection.I drank a perfectly prepared vodka martini with olives to start and Rob selected a crisp white wine to enjoy with my scallops.Dessert was skipped because I was happy enough already!Don't miss Sunday brunch.! They do not serve alcohol on Sunday, so keep this in mind. Lunch is great as well. Be mindful of the changing hours in the Fall and winter months. Call ahead!Bravo Springhouse!!!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,10/16/2012,14,40,3,3,3>I've been to The J Clyde several times for both dinner and while bar hopping. They arguably have the best beer selection in town. Looking at the list of brews can be pretty overwhelming if you are as indecisive as I am. Of course a lot of the beers are on the expensive side and they frown upon someone asking for cheap beer...which is kind of shitty, but on the other hand I get where they're coming from. You don't go to The J Clyde to drink beer you could get at a convenience store.I've found the food to be quite good. It can get pretty crowded, but the service is all right--by no means the best, though. The last time I went there was on a weekday night and hardly anyone was there. I was just having a couple drinks with a friend and the bartender was less than spectacular, but I'll be nice and just chalk it up to that one guy rather than condemn the entire wait staff.I have often wondered why it's called THE J Clyde. What's that "the" for? Anyway, if you are looking for a place to taste some new beers, this would be my recommendation. They will sometimes have a good happy hour deal, so I'd say go then, otherwise you might end up spending a small fortune on those delicious, yet expensive beers.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,10/15/2012,10,31,5,6,4>Do you like pork? Do you like Cuba? Do you hate archaic trade embargos? If you do you will love this place! everything is made fresh right in front of your eyes which adds to the unpretentious charm of this little place.  If you're gonna hit this spot you need to get a cuban sandwich.  You must like ham and pork if you are gonna choose this option otherwise choose from their many other sandwich options will are probably just as good.  They make some damn good black bean and Galician soup as well if you have room.  My verdict is that this place is THE SHIT when it comes to cuban sammys.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/14/2012,35,180,1,3,2>Love, love, love this little restaurant for lunch. 1. the food is good 2. love to sit outside by the fountain and enjoy the afternoon sun 3. my bank (Regions) is right next door so I can visit the ATM to pay for lunch or dinner, and 4. it is right by my office. I usally order a gyro and maybe some onion rings which rock! Gyro plate and falafel plate are also great for dinner. Service is fast and friendly. Open 24-7, so great for dinner after working late, or breakfast for that really early morning coming into work.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,10/13/2012,36,269,3,4,4>Food was great tasting and good size portions.  First time trying a BBQ chicken taco (only offered on Tuesdays), and it was very good. Double Decker sandwich was the perfect way to sample both brisket and pulled pork, and the creamed spinach was an excellent side item.  Of course, the cheese biscuits were amazing.  Great atmosphere too, will definitely be back.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/12/2012,62,78,2,6,3>I drove way out here on Saturday to check out their housemade hotdogs for a little 4th of July gathering.  When I got there, the 1/3 lb beef and pork hotdogs in natural casings looked amazing but they only had 6 left and I needed about 15.  They nicely offered to make up some fresh dogs while I waited.  I had some other area errands to run so when we returned 30 minutes later they were all bagged up and ready.  At around $5.69/lb, we are talking some spendy dogs (a little under $2 each), but these were amazing and very flavorful.  Good snap, great beefy flavor without being too overpoweringly beefy (ie kayam or hebrew national) and only needed a little mustard. Even though the weather did not want to cooperate, I blanched them then grilled them in near monsoon conditions and they were the hit of the party.  I wish V Richard's meat market had anything like these since it's so close. Thanks Cleaver; I will return to try those awesome looking andouille.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/11/2012,109,165,5,5,6>The owner is a funny curmudgeon with an eidetic memory regarding anything literary.  This little hobbit-hole of a bookstore is something out of a movie. (e.i. the bookstore in The NeverEnding Story)  There's nothing comparable to the smell of old books.The charm of the place is all the seeming chaos, but there's an order to all the shelves.  Amazingly, Reed knows where everything is stashed.  He has an extensive collection of antiques in great condition, as well as whatnots and momentos everywhere.  These range from old Victorian photos, old postal boxes of letters, playing cards, random art prints, and trinkets.  I recently found a lovely, vintage anthology of supernatural authors for my hubby, who I've introduced to the greats:  Lovecraft, Smith, Bierce, etc.  The opportunity to dig through the stacks and find my own diamonds is rare in the age of corporate, impersonal bookstores.  If you're looking for an obscure work from an author forgotten by the narcissistic Academia, this is the place you will find it.  Reed can locate an author/work if he doesn't have your treasure stored somewhere.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,10/10/2012,72,51,4,8,4>The restaurant is in a trailer in the outdoor area behind Avondalen Brewing Co., but it's a permanent location. They serve crawfish during the season, which turns out to be the same as oyster season. The rest of the summer they serve some excellemt shrimp. The sides they serve are also excellent. The corn is particularly  awesome! Very spicy, and I found myself wishing they'd used some of the corn spice on the shrimp. Plus, they give you half a lemon to cleanse your hands after you've eaten.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/9/2012,45,202,2,10,5>Can't get better! But I must admit after reading the other reviews, (from this site: urbanspoon.com/r/45/4903)    I was wondering how our dinner would be and I was so happy to say there was NO need to worry!  Last night on my first visit I was beyond impressed with food and the wait staff.  I've already informed my husband I want to return and that it reminded me of many dinners I had while living in NYC.  I'm beyond confused on how anyone that gave it bad reviews could have possibly done so if they truly know good Italian food.  We were a larger group and started off in the new addition wine bar.  Lovely atmosphere (probably my favorite area) informed staff and delicious apps.  We had specials of the night, oysters 2 ways, salami and cheese along with 3 grilled breads with various toppings.  I knew dinner could only get better, and it did.I ordered the calamari - cooked to perfection with a delicious red sauce.My husband and I split the special duck of the night after our waiter suggested it and enjoyed how juicy an flavorful it was.  We split a side of meatball's with Sunday sauce - yummy. And then I asked if I could get a side of their pappardelle pasta with olive oil, garlic and red pepper flakes. This was probably my favorite, or close to fav along with the calamari.  We also got the flourless chocolate torte with pistachio gelato. YUMMY and more than enough for the table of 12 to each have a bite, or more.The one part that can't be helped is that it is noisy and crowded.  Go early and make reservations.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/8/2012,89,26,2,4,2>Very friendly folks at this running store  It is a chain but has a local feel.  I wish the store was a little bigger and in a location that was good for group runs but still very convenient to me on 280 near the water works.  They offer a $15 discount for every "x" amount you spend, maybe $200?  I can't remember.  I've "earned" that several times now.  Comparable to the Trak Shak, a little smaller, great location, friendliest and most helpful running specific store in town.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,10/7/2012,88,57,3,5,3>If you are looking for the best sandwiches in Birmingham, look no further.  The food is kosher and  delish.  They have the largest portions that you will find anywhere.  I can never eat all my food.  They serve you a little dish of carrots, celery, and pickles while you are waiting.  I know the owner and his family and they are good people.  One reason why I really like this place is because of how vocal they were with the immigration reform.  I respect Steve a lot for that.  I know that they were interviewed by CNN, local news channels, and a network in Mexico while all the hype was going on.  He respects all peoples' rights no matter where they come from.   I will always support this restaurant not only for that reason, but because the food is just plain wonderful.  You can't go wrong with anything on this menu, seriously.  They always have coupons in the paper as well.  I try not to use them though, because I want them to make a little money off me.  I have not eaten dinner here, but I know that they make family meals so that you can go pick up after work and take home for the fam.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,10/6/2012,57,115,3,5,3>If you haven't heard this in my reviews before, born and raised in Brooklyn NY, where the pizza is second to none.Good pizza is about two things (in this order) crust and sauce.Crust here is a 9.5 out of 10. Wood burning oven,crust is thin (a hair too thin) and nice char on the edges.Sauce is a 10 out of 10. Not too thick, actually rather thin and flavorful as heck.Build your own antipasta, is right on the money. Parma Priscuitto is authentic, grilled eggplant, roasted peppers, fresh mozz, I would throw 4 or 5 olives on it to round it out but dats just me, I'm not sayin' I'm just saying.Nice Bread is served, a more flavorful Olive oil with the bread would be perfection.All in all, nothing so bad that would warrant 4 stars. This place is my new favorite pizza in B'Ham.Pizza, Antipasta, $29 Mixed drink was $8 (about a buck too high)I will be back (Maybe tomorrow LOL)
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/5/2012,65,139,5,6,7>Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place already, considering how often I've been. One of the default go-tos for me and the varying "entourage", the place is great if you wanna kick back with a brew, grab some wings, watch some sports, and/or just chill. Like another reviewer mentioned, the wings are pretty good (don't expect Iron Chef palate-moving experiences at a pub, people - that's just sad) and the beer is *varietous* (yeah, I made that up - just now - yeah, you can use it). At night, it's very much a bar, so expect such scandalous things as drinking, lively (read, frequently profane and of the four-letter persuasion) conversation, and walking, drinking ash-trays on the patio (inside is s'posed to be smoke-free I think), with the occasional pup strung along and parked there as, at best, another companion or, at worst, a DD. During the warm months the patio is *very* popular, and on Tues. nights Trivia is a weekly happening.Bottom line - I dig On Tap and keep coming back b/c the food and drink (read, wings, fries, and beer since I apparently can't read the rest of the menu) is tasty, the atmosphere is lively, and the wait staff is generally pretty sociable (and cute, if that's what gets you in the door... many of the patrons are as well...). The laid-back vibe is undeniable, and it's a killer choice for winding down a summer night in a great way. If you're looking for a good potential *MacLaren's*, here should be your next stop. Cheers! (see what I did there?)
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,10/4/2012,18,54,2,5,3>Decided I needed some Japanese food for dinner and was recommended Okinawa from co-worker.First thing it a very nice building, but when i got there I thought it was closed, turns out i was just first of the dinner crowd.Ordered a Kirin then started with one of their 25% off rolls, the "Lucky Roll" just to make sure it would be a good dinner. Roll was very good and spicy.Ordered the Shrimp Tempura meal as my main course. It came with soup or salad, I got the salad with ginger dressing. Very good homemade dressing.Entree was very large and looked great. Shrimp was large and tasty, tempura batter was perfectly cooked. It was pretty large and could not eat it all so had to take it home.Only downside was restaurant was very warm, it was 104 outside but still seemed like they did not have the air on.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/3/2012,77,54,2,4,3>The owners clearly thought out all of the details to this place, and it shows.The cocktail menu is short, succinct, and has a variety that will please every patron.... I had an opportunity to try several on my first visit (yes, I'm a lush) and each one was done to perfection.  By far some of the best cocktails I've had in Birmingham.Food is fantastic.  True to southern tradition, almost everything comes with either a side or two.  The sides are not your everyday sides though.... Corn on the cob rolled in butter, queso, and mexican spices..... La Concoction: a mix of rice, beans, and a PERFECT slow poached farm fresh egg.....  Although there may be some "haters" out there, Little Donkey looks like they're living up to the hype in my book.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,9/30/2012,202,144,3,6,3>Why hadn't we tried this place before now?  YUM YUM YUMMM-Y ness!!!Absolutely loved my visit to Avo.  We went on a night when rain was predicted, but still sat outside upstairs, and nobody got wet.  Actually, it was kinda nice sitting up there looking down over Mtn Brook Village through the rain.  On that note - definitely sit outside, unless you're dining by yourself or you're with a (bad) date and don't care to listen to him/her - because the acoustics are horrific and you won't be able to hear.You enter through the front door of Dram, and it's like what you would imagine a "whiskey" bar to be like - kinda warm and cozy, and then you are sent upstairs (not escorted, mind you, SENT - so if you're a newbie, this might seem a bit uncomfortable.  First timers, didn't know which way to go and we weren't really directed very well - they could use some help here) .  The interior of Avo is cool-funky-hip (definitely California Bistro-ish), which really doesn't "match" Dram, so that was a little odd.  Our server was awesome (I hear there are many AWESOME servers here).  Very informative, very friendly, totally "got it" when we weren't really ready to order ... That was nice.  They have a pretty fair wine list - We ordered a bottle of Burly and it was not over-priced. A nice feature is that you can order off of both the Dram and Avo menus (which are equally as tasty, and equally priced), and that we did!  Our appetizers (or appetizers and "MIDS") were good, but the timing was real BAD - waited way too long for those to come out.  We started with the Avo dip - mmmm lots of avocados and tomatoes, and came with both crispy flatbread (my favorite) and chips, which were fresh and tasty - Also, the Nashville Hot Chicken (to share), which was very well-prepared and had some good spice to it, and the chicken was cooked very precisely - moist & yummy on the inside.  I could have stopped there .... BUT NOOOOOO .... we had to have the Dram Burger, "cooked medium", which was cooked to perfection.  The bun was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It was served with an "aside" (i love that word on the menu) of onion rings which were "real" homemade onion rings, not the frozen, store bought crap.  We also had the Steak Frittes with the matchstick fries .... OH!  We just "had to" try the Truffle Parmesan Fries - and OH MY ... Butter-my-butt-and-call-me a-biscuit ... were they decadent!   Prices are reasonable, especially the sides - HINT to everyone who charges $9 for a plate of mashed taters (Clue-Up here, kids).While I didn't take in the bar action, it looked like a cool place ... maybe next time!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/29/2012,113,11,2,3,2>All around great restaurant. The server wasn't very helpful, but she was nice so it didn't really matter. I asked her for some suggestions between a few items and I ended up choosing beef in black bean sauce. It was pretty good. I got the distinct feeling that if I became a regular then I would get "in" with the staff and they would offer some more exotic, perhaps even off-the-menu selections.Like I tell my friends so often about so many Chinese and Asian joints, "It's no Saigon Le" (my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Memphis, Tenn., which also has Chinese on the menu).
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,9/28/2012,37,65,3,10,5>I saw Sweetwater Road here and it was such a great experience!Small, intimate venue. I love this place! They don't sell anything but encourage you to bring your own. Snacks, wine, etc.. There are about 8-10 round tables with candles on each and then a few rows of seats behind those. Small stage with good sound and lighting. Very laid back setting, great change of pace. I will definitely be back! I think tickets are usually $8-12/person.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/27/2012,8,36,6,9,4>Donut Joe's just opened in Gardendale.  Not sure if this is a good thing or not since donuts are my weakness.  I have been there a couple of times since the grand opening hoping to see the maple bacon ones out on display, but I have had no luck.  Today my neighbor knocked on my door and what did she have for me a maple bacon donut.  She may be the best neighbor ever.  It took me about five seconds to chow it down and boy was it good.  Watch out Krispy Kreme these donuts are your biggest competitor.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/25/2012,23,18,2,3,3>i went to vino last night with about 30 of my coworkers to celebrate landing a big account.  this was my second visit to the new mountain brook establishment.vino shares a building with gallery 1930 and the two businesses are a perfect compliment to one another.  the restaurant is a natural extension of the gallery with a sleek and intimate decor.  the space is predominantly white and has large windows that make you feel like you are on the patio (which is FANTASTIC) even if you are inside.  it is upscale and feels special but the wine & food are very affordable.we ordered a round of appetizers sampling the vino hummus, artichoke spinach dip, crab claws and calamari.  everything was great but i must give a special nod to the crab claws.  for my entree i split the capellini vino with a coworker.  i typically do not order pasta's with cream sauce but this cajun inspired dish was light and not too heavy - just right after all of the apps i had consumed!the best thing about vino is that it is family owned & operated and that shines through.  you feel like you are eating in a good friend's home (a really cool friend that lives in alys beach that is).
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,9/24/2012,3,11,2,2,2>this is a great place. you've got to try their pizza as that's one of the best i've had (and trust me i've tried pizza from europe to australia)  and you can't beat the prizes either.  keep doing what you are doing guys. though there are much fancier places around the corner ,a bit more lighting would definitely bring in the crowd.  Quality trumps and service was awesome.  great prizes for beers.  $10 bucket. you can't really beat that.i would definitely go back and definitely recommend to others.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/23/2012,837,503,6,3,3>terRIFFic (yep, I win for the absolutely corniest, cheesyest awful word play) (I just couldn't help myself).Riff Burger did make a believer out of me though. A cool decor with a kind of Memphis Blues club feel. I like the folk art and concert posters and rustic look. The workers at the walk up order counter were very helpful in explaining how the menu works.Lots of options here: Lamp, Pork, Salmon, Chicken, Turkey, Veggie or beef are available for your burger. They offer a few set combos but the best deal is to build your own burger. You choose the meat (or veggie), bun, condiments, toppings, etc & there are LOTS of good options there.The onion rings are delicious, the home made key lime pie was very good. And most importantly the burger was rock solid GOOD!!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/22/2012,18,53,6,6,9>"The Nick Rocks."  What else is there to say?Like most places near and dear to my heart, The Nick has been a part of my life for what feels like a long time.  This was one of the few places my friends and I could frequent during high school and frequent it we did.  My first visit was on September 8th, 1993 at the ripe young age of 9 years old with my older brother who worked the occasional shift behind the bar.  What band was playing, you might ask?  311.  And it was awesome.  It sealed my fate in some ways and it definitely sealed The Nick as one of the greatest dives in the nation in my mind.  I still stand by that statement today - nearly 20 years later.  Put The Nick up against any dive bar in America and see where you have a better time.As a young adult I frequented The Nick, often walking down from the first apartment I ever rented on Highland Avenue.  I can't imagine consuming as much alcohol and sleeping so little now, but at the time it was the only way to live.  The Nick was my home away from home - albeit a hazardous one - but one that never judged and was always there for a good time.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/21/2012,113,225,3,7,4>I can't convince my fiance to go to any other Mexican place in Birmingham as the Taco Truck takes first place for tacos.  Authentic and hot off the grill--eating inexpensive Mexican has been pushed aside for us for sometime now.  The only con of this is that the hours of the Taco Truck are limited!  It's not in our area, so we can't get there easily during the week for lunch--and I believe it closes by 6 dinner time.  If we get there, it's probably on the weekend.  I love that they are in the same place every time, but sometimes I wish they would have another place to set up closer.  Maybe one day!One last tip--it's better there.  Don't waste time taking it home.  Eat in your car or bring lawn chairs and sit outside the truck.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,9/20/2012,34,13,3,4,4>Above average, if not good, BBQ at a great value. To be fair, I am a bit biased because I grew up eating with my family at one of the original Johnny Ray's locations. I grew up comparing pretty much every BBQ joint to Johnny Ray's. So, I am a fan of the barbeque here. It is not the best, not even my favorite in B'ham, but Johnny Ray's is good food, at good prices with typically good service. And, an important positive is: they are consistent. They are not going to wow you or win any BBQ competitions in Kansas City. But, you will definitely find some good food. I'm a self-proclaimed "Grill Master." And, normally I would be outside with a cold drink cooking over my own hot flames or coals. Since I do not currently have access to my grills I wanted some good BBQ and I wanted it with convenience. We were really close to Johnny Ray's at the Colonade so it was an easy choice. Despite being very busy they did a great job of getting us seated right away, getting our server right over to us and taking care of us without making the crowd an issue. That's a big plus-1 to them for that. We had a couple BB Q sandwiches, one regular brunette chicken and one jumbo sliced pork, with fries and some fried pickles. It was all hot, it was all fresh and it was all cooked extremely well. That's another round of applause from me. We did not have any pie, as we are both fairly health conscious these days and had already gone well beyond the planned calorie count, but take it from my past experiences...if you are a dessert eater have some of Honey's Pies. Pick your favorite flavor and enjoy a slice of sweet, southern deliciousness. You're welcome.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,9/18/2012,46,57,3,6,5>This buffet is located on US 31 near the border of Alabaster and Pelham. The entrance is easy to miss if you are coming down southbound (I ended up parking at the strip mall next to the Enterprise car rental place). This place appears to compete with the Hibachi Super Buffet in the strip mall block north of it.This buffet was also reviewed around its opening in 2011 by the Shelby County Reporter: shelbycountyreporter.comThe decor is cozy (fire marshal certificate limits occupancy to 100 people) and very dimly lit, even at 3pm windows were totally shaded with nightime bar lighting and I felt if should I be worried about stumbling into some Yakuza den.The selection is pretty large for a place this small. Unlike Ee Vonn Y in her review, I found the dim sum to be very enjoyable, particularly because no other buffet place around here has the items: Fresh home-style dumplings, mini-zongzi (sticky rice steamed in banana leaves), steamed buns. The steamed buns might been previously frozen in a bag but the other stuff was pretty great.The regular buffet selections were different from the other area buffets which is good, but I didn't think they were executed particularly well: The fried calamari strips were a bit chewy-er than I liked, and the chow mei fun was way overcooked and dry. The broiled swai reminded me of the "broiled flounder" at Golden Corral. No salmon or tilapia here. On the positive side, some of the chicken dishes were ok and at the very end of the buffet line they had chicken quesadillas which tasted homemade and which I sort of enjoyed. The hot and sour soup is made with chicken stock and no thickening agent; and it's less pungent than what I have had at other places. If you are a fan of the "ma la" it's great - the tongue numbing feeling of the soup is right up there. There were no pork dishes.The sushi selection was good in terms of variety but they just weren't that tasty and not much real raw fish content either. The seaweed salad tofu wraps used way too much rice vinegar and wine so tasted funky.The hibachi station wasn't really running when I ate here (3pm). I only noticed two meats: chicken and shrimp plus your typical assortment of stirfry veggies but I noticed you could add what looked like cellophane noodles to your dish. The absence of pork dishes was striking (trying to be Halal/Kosher?).Less than $9 for lunch incl. taxes and tip if you stick with water.Bottom line: I still give it 4 stars for innovation in a random "ruralurbia" strip mall but it's not earthshattering enough to drive 20+ miles to eat here.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,9/17/2012,19,75,2,6,2>My first time here, I assumed this place would just have a regular assortment of burgers and steaks and typical "grill" food. I guess I've been living under a rock because this place is anything but a typical grill place. My first time here, and I went for lunch. Not very crowded, which is a huge bonus for me, and our waitress was very attentive to our needs without suffocating us. I ordered a hamburger because I wasn't feeling too adventurous, but their appetizers and pasta entrees make me want to come back for a special occasion. They bring you warm garlic bread while you wait on your food, which took all of 12 to 15 minutes to get out to us. They have lots of desserts to choose from--creme brulee and white chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake, bread pudding, deep dish apple pie--which our waitress said was made fresh every day. Also can I just say how much I appreciate a place that makes their own chips? Because when I saw "sweet potato chips" I expected something right out of a wholesale bag, and it made me wish it said "sweet potato fries" instead. Nope. The homemade chips alone are enough of a reason to eat here. Definitely try this place out if you're a fan of pasta, seafood, and Cajun cuisine. They have a full bar, too. This place is ideal for a small family get together, a romantic rendezvous, or a classy ladies' night.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/16/2012,17,8,5,5,6>Taco Casa is everything Taco Bell wishes it was.My love of Taco Casa began, as it does for many UA freshman, in Tuscaloosa.  Over 10 years later, the bloom is still on the rose and the love affair is still in full swing. The sanchos and hard tacos are wonderful - but EVERY time I go, I ending up getting the chimalupa (taco salad).  $5 has never been so yummy and filling!  I can't say enough good things about Taco Casa - I really can't.  It's the best "fast food" I've ever had.   The only bad thing I can say is that I hate that there's only 1 location left in Birmingham.  Taco Bell Schmaco Bell!  Taco Casa is where it's at!!!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/15/2012,89,327,2,4,3>Woohoo I'm so excited to find a LOCAL pizza place that is good and isn't a chain. Very local! My husband and I came here because we didn't want any of the fast food places that we have in Warrior. Checked out Yelp, found this place, and glad we did. It is literally around the corner of a building.The name says it's a deli, but it really seems more like a pizza place. We saw everyone else picking up pizza and the one other couple that was dining in did order two of the hoagie subs. Being one of the only two couples dining-in sometimes makes you feel a little skeptical that no one else is eating there but it wasn't long before we realized how busy this place is with pick-up orders. There was one pick up customer after another and we were impressed how their pizzas were always ready to put  right into their hands. We heard the cashier take several call in orders and she always promised 20 min, apparently they are able to stand by that promise.We ordered a large Corner Meatlover's pizza and a small Philly Cheesesteak pizza. We have never tried a Philly pizza before so the Meatlover's was going to be our old faithful...as long as it was good. My husband usually never wants anything other than a meatlover's.The Meatlover's came out first and when I went to pick it up at the counter I felt my eyes widen and I couldn't help but say WOW. The pizza was covered in toppings, good looking toppings, particularly the bacon which was crisp and not chewy and fatty like most bacon toppings. We dug in quickly and both responded with an "mmmmm". The hand tossed crust, which looks similar to Pizza Hut but not greasy, was crispy and flaky on the outside and chewy on the inside. Each bite of the pizza was greeted with a lovely crunch. The fact that the crust was still crispy even with the abundance of naturally, but not overly, greasy meat toppings was impressive. The bit of grease that was present was understandable because of the amount of meat. The toppings were good quality, the cheese was gooey, and the sauce was plentiful and sweet tomatoey goodness (just not very herby). We didn't expect the large Meatlover's pizza to be this good of quality for only $14.99.Their take-home menu states that they blend their own pizza sauce with rich California tomatoes and make the dough fresh daily. The Philly pizza also had a good amount of toppings. The crust, again, was good and crispy. It tasted cheesy, the peppers and onions tasted fresh, and the steak was good. And then... a statement that I have never heard in my life, my husband said "I don't know which one I like better". And y'all for a man who doesn't usually want any pizza but meatlover's, that was a big deal. I thought it deserved to be written in the Yelp history books. Be sure to take a look at the printed menu that they have taped to the counter as it has more details than the overhead sign. There is also a large arcade and their sign said ask about Birthday parties.I'm very excited about going back and trying the Mexican pizza and one of their subs. And I'm super excited about having a local joint that is worth going to. I'm still not sure that is the absolute best pizza that I have ever eaten, but I was thoroughly impressed. Give me a chance to try the thin crust and it just might be.We've joked about coming back tomorrow.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,9/14/2012,11,45,2,3,3>Excellent sashimi. Amazing thick cuts!  Tuna tataki appetizer was extremely thin cuts, my only issue, which is not much of an issue, as it was still very delicious. Very fresh fish..... very tasty.  Service was excellent.  Wait time was not very long at all.  Also, it is rare that I actually enjoy miso soup because it seems to have an aftertaste.  Not theirs - truly enjoyed that, too!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,9/12/2012,113,199,2,5,2>Ate here again last night! But this was the first time we ever walked in Ocean with no reservations and shall I say not dressed as the other diners... Oh well. The hostess didn't seem to notice we were in jeans and sat us at a lovely table despite no reservations- so I guess walking in at 8:45pm on a Saturday night is doable.Service was kind and knowledgable as always. I was disappointed by the bread basket this time, bit no big deal as I really didn't need it anyhow. But our reconstructed salmon roll, Greek fried feta salad and fish entered were all perfect! I enjoyed the pan fried salmon with a unique beet colored rosito accented with mushrooms and aspargus-yummy is an understatement. My husband had the grilled grouper special, which he liked as well. We passed on their desserts; even though the brûlée is one of my favs.If you are visiting Birmingham, add this to your list of restaurants to try! If you live here and haven't tried this local fine dining gem- shame on you!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/11/2012,28,132,3,8,4>I came here last night with four friends.  We really enjoyed our meal, there is a tone of attention to detail in the menu planning and our server knew the menu very well, and was friendly, helpful, and never got annoyed with a table of five indecisive girls.  I had the Vegetable salad, seared queso fresco and the chile relleno.  It was a ton of food, but oh so good.  The Chile Relleno has a ton of unique flavors which are pretty different from your tipical Chile Relleno, there are raisins, craisins, and other fruit in it that give the beef a little bit of a sweet flavor.  I really enjoyed it a lot. I didn't get a margarita but all of the other girls at my table did and they loved them! Because it's small plates, I would expect to spend at least $25  - $30 on food per person (just to give people an idea on cost).
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,9/10/2012,4,27,5,5,4>The most authentic Chinese restaurant in Birmingham. We already knew about it before moving here from Singapore (yeah, quite a change, right?), visited it the day we arrived here, and have been regulars since then. It's the only place you can get a whole steamed fish, fresh out of the tank, as well as cockles, fried pig intestines and other goodies. They recently moved the restaurant part to be next to the kitche, which makes perfect sense, but unfortunately, the new restaurant section is not nearly as cozy as the old one. If they could only add a few more windows, that would help. The place also has the dirtiest restrooms in town, so go before you leave home... Nevertheless, it's a unique and authentic Chinese restaurant with no comparison in this area.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,9/9/2012,24,27,3,6,3>Ken's BBQ is a diamond in the rough. This little shack off of Highway 79 is located such that many people don't know about it becuse the only people who drive past it live out in the county, though its just a short drive from town. The place looks old from the outside, but its clean on the inside and as BBQ afficianados know, older pits create better flavor. The people are friendly. The atmosphere is good old, country BBQ. They don't take credit cards, but they do take checks. Most importantly, the food is outstanding. They're BBQ is some of the best in town. Better than the BBQ though is the breakfast. The breakfast is out of this world. You won't believe the amount of food that get for the price. Order a full ham plate and you could feed two people for a few bucks. The grits are always just right. The biscuits are tender and fluffy. Its just amazing food all around.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/8/2012,111,13,4,4,4>This spot has gone by different names, but it's always been my favorite place to get rice-rolled, raw fish in Birmingham. Why? Midnight Sushi. There's something about getting a roll of Super Crunch at an ungodly hour that transforms eating out from a dining experience into a special occasion with friends. The revived event now includes a DJ and special menu. You can eat at a table or, with a group of 6+, you can ask for a private room with special seating (more about vibe than anything else). Then there's also the fact you won't find such moderately priced sushi anywhere else in town. Any place that serves better food costs two times as much at least.Every sushi lover has sushi-hating friends, but Bluefin has a menu that includes foods that are just as good as what you'll be having.So if you're in Five Points on a weekend night, skip that other sushi place with it's long-wait times and higher prices for this one just around the corner.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,9/7/2012,31,141,2,4,4>The absolute best time to go to the Original Pancake House is Saturday mornings before 8 am. You'll get a great parking spot on the street, there's a slight crowd (but not too crowded) of morning people in the restaurant, and it's just the perfect setting to have a relaxing Saturday morning breakfast. Also, you sure won't leave hungry. I have great memories of going to the Original Pancake House with my dad on the occasional Saturday morning when I was in college. After trying at least ten different varieties of pancakes, I can safely say that anything you order here is safely delicious. My absolute favorite are the Hawaiian Pancakes with the Bacon Pancakes as a close second. The coffee is nothing to write home about, but the delicious food more than makes up for that. The service is spot on and you'll be checked on several times to see if you need anything else.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/6/2012,440,356,9,16,11>Think of Earth Fare as a smaller, more intimate Whole Foods. Prices are comparable. The produce section is obviously smaller, but I saw some interesting root vegetables that I had never seen before. There was no info, so I have no idea what they were. There is a hot bar and a salad bar. $7.99, just like Whole Foods. Again, smaller. But the food looked good. There are also some things that stood out, in a positive way. -They had a greater variety of vegetarian things. Like tofu, and packaged meals, etc. At least in my opinion they do. Well, they seem to have more brands, anyway. Also, their Indian section seems to be a little bit better. And if you are into Shirataki noodles, they have Whole Foods beat. - They have a juice bar. Woot woot!- Ravioli? Well, this place has a scoop your own ravioli station. Hells yeah. So, this is a fantastic store. I definitely suggest you try it out. They have a facebook page, facebook.com/pages/Earth that is regularly used. Also, if you don't mind receiving texts, in the short amount of time that they have had my phone number, they have sent out several awesome coupons. You can also sign up for emails, where I got another fantab coupon.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2012,8/30/2012,12,6,3,3,3>A national talk show host described the Philly Cheese Steak as better than ones found anywhere including Philadelphia. I must say that peaked my interest. However, while it is a very good sandwich it is not even the best Philly Cheese Steak in town. I love how small the store is and the friendly atmosphere. I am eager to try other selections on the menu. I recommend going after the lunch rush or you may not be seated. This is definitely a gem in Homewood.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/29/2012,29,4,3,4,3>If you want delicious, fast sushi skip the supermarket and come here. There professional chefs know what they are doing! You could have a healthier quicker lunch or dinner in bham, with still being absolutely delicious!!!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,8/28/2012,33,59,2,4,2>I love this place! Small, cozy, perfect!They have some great baked shrimp. Make sure to save enough for everyone!I adore their hot and sour soup. YUM YUM! I also have to have some whenever I go there.The service is good there, too. Make sure to leave them a good tip when you stop by, they earned it!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,8/27/2012,28,18,2,4,2>($12) Cucumber Mojito -- Excellent!($6) Tempura Green Beans -- Excellent!($10-15 each) Sushi in general -- Excellent!!!I completely agree with Eunice -- best sushi and mojitos.  Don't try to come with a big crowd -- not enough space.  Be prepared to spend a lot of money.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,8/26/2012,8,80,2,5,3>I love this place!   The interior is tiny and seating is limited, so if the weather is not nice, get there early before the rush.  The atmosphere is very much like a "hole-in-the-wall" diner, but in my opinion, those are usually the best places.  The staff is very friendly and they have asked each time if we enjoyed everything.My favorite is the chicken salad wrap with cheese fries.  The wrap is HUGE and they give you a large amount of fries.  The chicken salad itself is seasoned beautifully - it's very different, but oh so good.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  It's only $9ish tax and all for the wrap combo (which includes unlimited drink) with cheese on the fries.  That easily compares with fast food places these days and the portion sizes make it well worth it.If you're ever in the area, definitely give this place a try.  You won't regret it!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/25/2012,11,12,3,7,2>We recently moved from the Houston area to Birmingham, so when we decided to try some Alabama Mexican food, I was a little more than skeptical. However, this restaurant was absolutely outstanding and even better than some of the Mexican restaurants I had tried back home!The location is convenient and easy to get to. The staff is Latin American and will speak Spanish to you if you so desire. Even the decor is very authentic. My husband and I had nice Margaritas and my parents had Latin beers, which were wonderful.  We then had enchiladas (with real brisket, none of the ground beef stuff), carne asada with lovely caramelized onions and your choice of either corn or flour tortillas, and a combination platter. The chips and salsa are never ending, of course. The prices couldn't be more reasonable for the amount and quality of food you get. I highly recommend this Birmingham jewel.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,8/24/2012,9,12,4,4,3>Great place for quick service & consistent quality of food. Niki's features a wide array of "meat & three" options.On any given day, there are 6-8+ meat options and 20+ veggie options. You may have a difficult time limiting yourself to one meat or three sides.If you arrive at a peak time (especially during lunch), you may be turned off by the long line. Don't get too comfortable checking your mail on your phone, though. Those guys serving you will breeze through the line faster than you expect.Try: Greek chicken, mac & cheese, stewed squash.(PS, you might not want to tell your Cardiologist about your visit)
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,8/23/2012,8,9,1,2,1>Wow. This place consistently delivers. Despite the restaurant's French homage, the cheeseburger is one of the best items on the menu. The moules frites are spot on - belgium style fries/pomme frites in a paper cone with mayonnaise, and mussels. The croque monsieur is also good. I usually get a pastis to drink, a anise-based liquor that you mix with cold water, and that I haven't seen elsewhere in Birmingham. The ambience is casual yet upscale. The main dining room has a French farmhouse feel with cool wooden tables. It can be fun to eat at the bar for quicker seating, as this place gets pretty packed for dinner. There's a nice courtyard/patio out back complete with a boules/petanque court to satisfy your gaming desires. We actually played a round while waiting for our entrees! Prices are reasonable. Menu can be hard to comprehend and is static; otherwise no complaints here. Oh, parking sucks and the area is a bit sketchy, but you can can always valet or just park down the block.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,8/22/2012,7,21,2,3,3>If you're a resident of the Trussville area like me, dining options can be fairly limited. Thankfully, Gyros Cafe is a place that I never seem to get sick of. The formula isn't particularly unique (it's basically the same as Al's or the Purple Onion), but it's got a great variety of Mediterranean and American food, and it's nice being able to find a good gyro without having to drive downtown. Whether I'm in the mood for a nice chicken kabob entree with hummus and a salad or just a simple burger and fries, it's always satisfying. I literally eat here once a week. The only complaint I can think of is unlike the aforementioned Al's and Purple Onion, they aren't open 24 hours.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,8/21/2012,6,15,2,4,3>Today was the opening for El Barrio lunch and I couldnt be more impressed.  The Trattoria guys have outdone themselves.  I tried the pizole, arugula salad, hongos/carnitas/camarone tacos, spinach & mushroom quesadilla, and lastly the chorizo meatloaf.  Everything was great but I have to give a special nod to the pizole and meatloaf.  The re-design of the space was well done and the service was also spot on.  I only hope in the near future that the bar will show some soccer matches.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,8/20/2012,25,63,2,3,2>Surely you've had this turkey reuben before: greasy bread, soggy after a minute because it's loaded up with Thousand Island dressing, sauerkraut all over the place. Well this isn't that reuben. It's perfection. All the elements are there, and it tastes great. The clincher? Somehow the sandwich stays warm and perfect from the first bite to the last. No messy dripping, no soggy bread coming apart. That warm rye swirl bread feels dense. Exquisite. Try it with their butternut squash soup, which is simple and lovely, not at all heavy like this soup tends to be elsewhere. You'll enjoy the sunshine in here. The place has a nice city feel to it.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/19/2012,14,15,3,4,3>Fantastic pizza (had the Margherita and the Old School..both great) although not as hearty as some other pizzas...two people can easily finish one pizza.  The garlic cheese bread was good.  Have been on a Thursday and Friday where live music was playing outside so that was a big plus.  They have a nice beer selection to and try to pair their pizzas to the food on the menu...found my new favorite beer in the Good People Brown Ale so thanks Slice.  The indoors is a bit on the noisy side and brighter than one would expect.  Parking sucks but there are a couple of parking lots nearby which may or may not require payment (??) but they at least have valet parking.  Staff is really nice and are polite when waiting for a table.  I would highly recommend this place.  Some of the best pizza in Birmingham.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,8/18/2012,14,12,2,3,2>Zou's Kitchen is one of my go-to places for takeout.  We adopted our daughter from Chine in 2006; she's now 6 years old, and she really really likes Zou's Kitchen.  Her favorite, which they ALWAYS accommodate us with, is the egg drop soup combined with steamed rice.  When she was a baby in China, babies had a very similar dish called cangee (spelling?), so who knows if that's why.  I LOVE the Singapore noodles, they're very very good.  Prices are very reasonable, and I love talking to the owners and chef, and their family.  This is a great place, and I have never had a bad experience nor bad food.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/17/2012,24,83,2,3,2>I love the Cajun Steamer!I am brand new to cajun food.. don't know too much about what makes it "good" or "bad" . But I know what I like, and I like the cajun steamer!I had crawfish here for the first time recently... I loved how they were boiled in the cajun seasoning, and they picked up the flavors really well. My waitress noticed me struggling to eat it, and she was kind enough to go out of her way to show me how it's done. Gumbo is the best gumbo I've had so far. Really spicy and flavorful, with just the right amount of seafood.Shrimp Diablo is another really good, tasty dish. I think the only thing I've had here I wasn't too crazy about were the po'boys (they seem to have too much batter, and I prefer to have po-boys with crispy french bread) and the crawfish etoufee (just tasted like cream of mushroom soup to me... but is that how it's supposed to taste like? not sure, lol :) Besides the long waits during winter time, this is definitely a place I enjoy going to!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,8/16/2012,24,16,2,4,2>I totally feel the reviews that say the service here can be kind of slow. Even when its slow its slow. I usually sit at the bar, and 50/50 the person waiting on me is fantastic or just doesn't seem to care. With that said, this is one of the best breakfast joints in Bham, hands down. Its not your typical southern food (butter +sugar+salt = good). In fact, the oatmeal pancakes are better than the buttermilk pancakes. I get them every time and they are the best. Crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside (isn't every good taste that way?). I've also had the steak & eggs - chef seasoned to perfection. The Pesto chicken omelette is fantastic. And if your feeling a little edgy, so for the chorizo. Spicy, but terrific. Also, their Royal Cup Coffee Blend is fantastic. As said in Pulp Fiction, this is some gourmet S***! So if your willing to put of with some long wait (reason for long wait usually means the food is good, thats why everyone is here), then over easy is fantastic.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,8/15/2012,26,227,2,5,2>Ted's is a must-try on the southside of Birmingham.  A small building on the corner of 4th Ave S and 12th St is where you find this gem of an establishment. The food is generously portioned and packed with flavor, the eatery is laid back with small booths and tables for twos and fours, and the staff and owners are a fabulously friendly and welcoming bunch.The baked Greek chicken and baked Greek tilapia were excellent--the chicken was moist and tender, and the fish was a meaty fillet. There's a huge array of sides to choose from,  but the squash, creamed potatoes and creamed corn made it to our plates and were all heaped on to accompany the meats. The desserts, on prominent display above the hot bar, proved too much to resist, and we topped off our already hefty meal with a slice each of chocolate creme and strawberry pie. Following in the fashion of the rest of the fare, both pieces were big, and they were light and delicious t'boot.Our waitress was courteous and attentive, and the owners were constantly about the dining room, checking on guests and greeting regulars.For a meat-and-three hole-in-the-wall, Ted's was as good as any out there.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,8/14/2012,8,27,3,5,4>Continental Bakery is a community jewel, a label I don't dispense without much consideration. The bagels and coffee are the best in Birmingham. Bagels are obviously made in-house, and the coffee is roasted by Primavera. (The specialty blend Royal Cup Coffee served in the adjacent Chez Lulu is exceptional, as well.)I often stop by Continental Bakery to pickup lunch: walnut & feta salad and tarragon chicken salad from the cooler or a made to order turkey sandwich. If I'm feeling devious, I'll grab a few macaroons.The Tarragon Chicken Salad receives my vote for Best Chicken Salad in Birmingham.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,8/13/2012,23,114,2,4,3>Many people referred me here so I went for lunch one day. It is within walking distance of my job so I took a stroll. I tell you what, that exercise was necessary because this isn't health food.It is quite good southern food, though, and I can see why it is a staple in downtown. I had country fried steak, okra and Mac and cheese. All were quite good. The cornbread left something to be desired, but I've gotten used to lacy fried cornbread. I will be back. I hear the roast on Thursday is what I must try.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,8/12/2012,25,22,3,3,3>We sat at the kitchen table and loved it. It was so much fun to interact with the chef's, see your food, and talk to other foodies sitting at the bar. We really enjoyed that seat. The first time we went was in the summer and the food was spectacular. I was impressed by the use of local and incredibly fresh vegetables. I had THE Hot and hot tomato salad to start. I am not sure if I have ever had a finer thing. I had a great steak for my entree and great doughnuts for dessert. My wife had a wonderful chicken dish with roasted potatoes for her main course. The service was spot on. Not pushy. Very helpful. It was also very nice that Hastings was there. I like it when the executive chef actually makes an appearance. We returned for a second visit in the winter. The menu literally resembled the weather. Dark and muddled. For a place that relies so much on fresh, it must be difficult in the winter months. We enjoyed our meal though, it was not a spectacular vent like it was in the summer months. I love Hot and Hot. It will probably be my last meal in Birmingham granted it is in the summer.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,8/11/2012,6,10,2,2,2>First I must say that, I am not a Mexican food lover. I have eaten Mexican alot because my husband is Mexican and loves the food. I generally walk out of a Mexican restaurant and say " it was good but not my thing". I must say though that this restaurant was absolutely delicious!! I loved the food! I couldn't believe how good it was especially since its located in Forestdale! We have gone back twice (at my request!!) and each time the food was delicious! Laid back atmosphere, good food, great price- def would recommend this place :)!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,8/10/2012,3,11,3,3,3>Hit the buffet at Dave's today---again. Probably my 50th time, and I keep coming back- what does that tell you? Had some meat lover's topped off by three slices of Dave's Special (all meat and all vegetable), pretty hard to beat. Usually on the buffet they have a chicken and cheese thing thats pretty salty, and another style thats BBQ with a sweet sauce... if you have a sweet tooth that's as close to dessert that you'll get at Dave's. Anyway, for $9 including tax, it's a deal.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/9/2012,44,240,3,4,3>Yes, please!  Mama knows how to cook up in this club!  If you are lucky, there might even be an accordionist there that will entertain you the whole night; if you are super lucky, Mama might even come out and dance along to the music in the middle of the restaurant.This place is always packed out the door.  It is well worth the wait as my entire family and I all declared it some of the best tasting Italian food we have ever had.  Please go visit this place sometime.  It's a good distance from Birmingham, but you will most certainly appreciate the food.  Make it a special date, but it is a generally casual atmosphere.  You can dress up, but the locals could not care less how they show up to eat here; they just want her cookin'!  And make sure to save room for desserts because there are a lot of them, and they all look delicious; I know at least the strawberry cake is fantastic.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,8/8/2012,14,40,2,5,2>This is one of my favorite bars in town. It's smoke-free (patio out back for smokers). The atmosphere is fairly laid back and casual. It's hard to nail down the crowd, but I'd say it is more young professionals than anything else. Not upscale by any means, but you don't see a lot of grungy characters there. They have a good selection of beers which are displayed on the back wall opposite the bar. The only thing negative is I haven't been blown away by any live music I've seen yet. But that's the case just about everywhere in town. For the most part they just have the ol' solo acoustic guy, but I've seen a full band as well. I would recommend this bar over most others in Birmingham.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,8/7/2012,35,180,2,3,2>One of my few 5 star reviews. I make the trek out here several times a year just for the deep dish pizza. Pizza by the slice is available for lunch, and everyone I have brought here loves it. the sauce has the right level of spice, not too sweet. Ingredients are fresh and tasty. Italian dressing is great on their salad. Definitely one of the best pizza places in Alabama.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,8/6/2012,36,269,2,3,2>Had lunch here with a group of 14--service was excellent with grouping tables together, refills, and getting the food out quickly and together.  Lettuce wrap appetizer was tasty, also ordered the hummus trio which was lacking much flavor. Ordered the steak quesadilla, which was very good. My wife had the veggie quesadilla and she would not stop raving about it (she LOVES goat cheese, that had to have something to do with it).  Will definitely dine here again, plenty on the menu to choose from.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2012,8/5/2012,62,78,3,4,4>I probably eat lunch at the Fish Market at least once a month if not more for work.  The quality of the fish is consistently good if not great although some of the fish in the cases for the market looks spectacular (especially the tuna).  For lunch, I typically get one of the "kabobs" which is actually not served on a kabob.  Instead, they pull the fish and onions, peppers and tomatoes off and serve over a cup of rice. There is always a LOT of food with this order but it seems to be getting even more (olive) oily over the years.  They do not ask how you want your fish cooked so it basically comes out somewhere around medium to medium well.  Since I get those grilled vegetables, I typically go with a "Greek salad' as my side.  It seems their idea of a Greek salad is a lot of iceberg, one tomato, two pepperoncinis, and 3-4 olives (at  least they are real olives with pits) and some oily greek dressing.  The salad is fine, but that is all it is.  We did stop in for a dozen oysters yesterday and they were great.  We split the dozen between the malpeques and the blue points.   I love those creamy, briny PEI oysters and the Blue Points were pretty darn good too, very meaty.   We also ordered the Greek nachos which was a bunch of toasted pita chips covered in Greek cheese(s) and supposedly crawfish (which I could not really find or taste), small shrimp and some red bell pepper.  This was not my favorite dish but I'm not a huge fan of seafood and cheese either.  The bartended (Dino?) provided excellent service.  About that, I tend to sit and eat at the full service side and service can be hit or miss but mostly acceptable.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/4/2012,45,202,2,3,4>This is one of my favorite steak houses when I want to enjoy a leisurely meal where I'm not rushed, for a change. It is hard to decide if Sunday's Prime Rib is better than their juicy fillet's, rib eye or their happy  hour delicious cheeseburgers!!  Let's not forget the calamari, various potato dish's, grilled asparagus, blue cheese wedge and the list goes on and on for compliments and consistency.  And I love that they keep your preferences on file for where you like to sit and you favorite wait staff.  Their customer service excels also.  AND let's not forget the Kettle one martini with blue cheese stuffed olives, yummy wine and to finish off the meal.... if you have room. The molten lava cake.Also, don't forget to try the scallops with their amazing flavor.  Everything is generous to share so you can taste a bit of everything.My only complaint right now, it seems noisier than it used to be to carry on a good conversation with your other dinner guests across the table.And tonight we found out our FAVORITE waitress has moved back to town! (Meredith!)
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,8/3/2012,109,165,2,3,2>Finally, a place in Birmingham that feels homey.  We have been to several of their venue shows and met the artists! The owner is adorable and a big cat lover! The food and drinks are great, much better than ordinary cafe food.  Their specialty coffees are all named after different breeds of cats.  We have a Bengal, so of course that's been a regular.  I wish Red Cat had a couple locations, as they are so much more than that certain chain dominating the market. ;)  The decor has character and is very comfortable.This is a place you can eat a good lunch, or just chill with a beer.  I love that they feature local artists' works, including jewelry crafts.  And it's located right in the Pepper Place Market...so stop by when you are shopping for veggies and crafts on Saturdays!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/2/2012,72,51,4,7,4>Birmingham has far more good restaurants than a city of its size should. The reason for that is Frank Stitt. Before he opened Highlands in 1980 or so, there was no "fine dining" in Birmingham. You ate at your country club or went to Morrison's Cafeteria. Frank was a revelation, a native son returning home with knowledge of the world he learned from Alice Waters, Richard Olney and other famous chefs. Noted foodie and NY Times writer R.W. "Johnny" Apple, Jr. wrote in 2002 that Highlands was the 5th best restaurant in the world! I knew Frank had gotten famous when a friend in Los Angeles told me she could now order baked grits in L.A.. I suspect that most of the good chefs in Birmingham have trained with Frank, and that this is the reason that we now have so many good restaurants here. But Highlands is the mac daddy of them all, if I may use that term of a restaurant.Frank and his wife, Pardis, make you feel at home, and offer the best wine cellar in Birmingham as well as the best food. Don't worry about the price; it's not really more expensive than eating at one of those insipid "upscale" chain restaurants. Bon appétit!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,8/1/2012,57,115,4,4,2>Cue the Symphony..........(clouds open)(sun shines through)Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!Been on the quest for good Chinese food in the Birmingham area since May 2011Think I have found it, pretty sure this is as best as it gets.So Mandarin House has been around since 1976.Well folks, it certainly looks that way! Carved wooden chinese decor everywhere, Buddah, here, Lions there, it hasn't changed clearly in 36 years..The lobby is plastered with autographed local celeb photos with most inscriptions faded by the sun that shines in the window.The sticker on the door reads "Member of the Restaurant owners Association 1986-1987"Are you getting the picture? The place is a time capsule.Anyway, down to the food, if you have read my previous reviews, you know the drill, Lo Mein, Won Ton Soup, Egg Rolls. If you can't get these right I won't return.So first time that is exactly what I ordered so we will start with the Won Ton soup.Incredibly flavorful! Shrimp. snow peas, water chestnuts, noodles (a little thin) but everything you want in Won Ton soup.Lo-Mein, again flavorful, another reviewer said it was spaghetti, I'd have to disagree, its udon noodles which is a little thick for Lo-Mein, but yummy none the less.Egg Rolls were awesome and served with hot mustard that will take your breath away!  My kind of pain!!On subsequent visits I had Mo Shu Pork, which was perfect, which brings me to portion size.  If you have had Mo Shu pork they usually bring you a plate and some wrappers to wrap up the contents. Well at Mandarin they pre-wrap not 3, not 4 but 5 stuffed wraps and on top of that half a plate of filling.If I hadn't eaten for a month I could not have consumed this portion.2 days later I had it for dinner again. This place must go through To Go boxes by the pound!!Price is very reasonable and if you can get past the decor, the food is well worth it!!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,7/31/2012,65,139,1,5,2>Had the chance to try out Happy China after seeing it with a high percentage of recommendations on *the other major restaurant review site*, and am glad I did. The food is excellent and the portions are extremely generous! The owners/staff that man the place are very polite and the atmosphere, although very "sterile" (not in a negative way, just an observation), is particularly clean for a restaurant. My visit was during dinner time, so my wife and I were pretty much the only souls in the place besides the woman behind the counter and the cook, so I can't say much about the potential frequency in which people visit/eat there. But I *can* say that we'll definitely be going back - the fried rice was wonderful and the Mongolian beef (my dish) was crazy good. It was a bit on the sweet, not savory, side which was a surprise and different, but still great. My wife's dish - sesame chicken - was pretty good too (pretty much what you'd expect though). And their fried wontons were typical but also quite delicious. In fact, the only thing negative I can say about the entire experience was that after having to take so much of the incredible portions home, the sesame chicken did NOT reheat well in the microwave. And if that's the only minus regarding this place, it's somewhere you definitely need to go.So, get over there during your next hankering for quick, inexpensive Chinese - totally worth it.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,7/30/2012,88,57,2,3,3>Can I say fabulous!!  Oh my.  I was astonished at how wonderful the experience was from the moment we drove through the large gate that said "For Members Only".  We pulled up and the building looked as if it was right out of the 60"s.   Roundish awnings, all white.  We were greeted by doormen and entered in through security.  The view from the entrance was spectacular.  We walked around outside and what a breathtaking view it was.  The new Children's Hospital really stands out in the skyline of downtown Birmingham now.  The waitstaff was on top of everything.  I never ran out of a drink or needed anything.  We had a large party and the food was to die for.  I had the shrimp and grits and let me tell you, it was the best I have ever had in my life.  I have had shrimp and grits at many restaurants and this was by far, the best.  There are different areas to eat at.  There is a more casual dining area, where you can bring kids and eat a little less expensive but still have the same view, and there is a coat and tie dinner area where a dance floor and a live band are.  That is where we ate. There were professional dancers there I am almost positive.  If they weren't professionals, they could have fooled me.  There was also a wedding reception going on as well.  I peeked my head in to see what it looked like, astonishing.  I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone.  I am not sure if you must be a member or not.  I am assuming so.  You could always try to call and test it out for a one time experience.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,7/29/2012,18,54,2,4,2>Went there for lunch today. Meat and three, really good home cooking. Had the country fried steak which was great with brown gravy and some onions. Mac and chees was just like my mom makes from scratch. Collard greens were good and flavorful. Fried okra was fresh and crunchy. Cornbread was good but a little dry, but that was what the extra gravy was for. :) Banana pudding was the lasst surprise, first time I have had it in 20+years. Was great and will be back to this hidden gem.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,7/28/2012,77,54,3,4,3>Fantastic place.  So relieving to finally find a restaurant that is socially and environmentally conscious in Birmingham!!  I've only had the opportunity to try it out once so far, but I was certainly pleased with the quality of the meal.  I thoroughly enjoyed the BALT with it's luscious bacon and perfectly ripe (and not at all browned) avocado.  My only gripe about this place is that they went through the effort to have compostable cups and wares, but the restaurant doesn't appear to promote compost disposal.  I could only find a regular trash can, and a slot labeled "plastic cups".  Seems to me that they are missing a perfect opportunity to get the community aware of alternatives to disposal in standard trash bins.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,7/27/2012,89,26,3,7,4>This is one of the reasons Birmingham is a great restaurant town (despite its other flaws).  26 is trendy, delicious, and high end but not over-priced.  Its a tad on the small side but very well done in a sort of modern decor.  Very cool concrete bar with neon lights.I had a NY Strip steak (as I do 75% of the time) and it was done just right.  Portion sizes were perfect.  (Don't get me on my soapbox about places that think they are better just because they serve you MORE.  MORE is not better.  BETTER is better).  Service was attentive, not rushed, but we got our meal in a reasonable time.It's also walking distance from several great spots for drinks either before or after dinner (Blue Monkey, J. Clyde, Dave's and other southide spots).
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,7/26/2012,16,33,2,3,2>what a cool urban place to dine!!! Excellent service, fresh clean food and great people watching. The presentation of all items I observed was excellent. Vegetarian options available. I had the grilled chicken sandwich with goat cheese and sauteed onions. Pressed, crusts removed. Orzo pasta with balsamic dressing. The sandwiches are large, so a half of a sandwich is plenty. Stand in line, place your order and enjoy the urban coolness of downtown Birmingham. Beer and wine are available!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,7/25/2012,15,25,2,2,2>Glad to have my first review on Yelp be giving the Good People Brewing folks five stars!!The crew at GPBC were very instrumental in the Free The Hops movement that brought a ton of craft beer and beer education to Alabama.  Their brews are first-class.  The new facilities are clean, organized, and fun to attend.  It's really cool to go in, have a fresh hoppy beer, and check out the brewing facilities.  They now have tours available on Saturdays starting at 1, 2, and 3pm Central Time.  Learn the process of how local favorites like Snake Handler and Fatso are made while enjoying one of your own!!Another reviewer mentioned their Facebook page, and they are 100% right.  GPBC updates their Facebook and Twitter (@GPBrewing) daily with events related to the brewery and taproom, as well as their other outings like tap takeovers and new beer rollouts.All in all, glad to have a place like Good People in Alabama.  Look for Good People in can or on tap at your favorite Southeastern watering hole!!  And if they don't have it, tell your bartender that they need it!!!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,7/24/2012,8,36,2,4,2>This is a great food truck. It is even better than most of the restaurants around the Birmingham area.  The food is fresh and hot off the grill.  I have been twice so far.  The first time I had the Willis panini cause they were not offering the burger that day.  The second time I was going to get something totally different, but i smelled the burgers cooking.  I could not resist and had to get the Willis burger. Both were really good.  I plan to try everything on the menu.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,7/23/2012,37,65,3,4,3>By far the best banana pudding you will ever taste. I tried to stop but couldn't and just had to gorge myself. Boyfriend and I ordered a combo plate with white chicken, ribs, potato salad and deviled eggs. (Along with the 1/2 pint of banana pudding).  Total was around $15 and we were both just about too stuffed to walk out. The chicken was moist and tasty without even using the sauce. I wasn't a huge fan of the "white sauce"...tasted too much like mayo and vinegar. Very laid back, down home country place. Can't beat the price or that dang pudding. Living this close is very dangerous...
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,7/22/2012,202,144,5,8,6>This place might be my Local Three of Birmingham.Atmosphere:  Cozy.  I tend to sit at the bar / chef's counter when I dine out.  You get a better feel of the place because there's so much variety there - people eating, people drinking ... people eating AND drinking.  You meet new friends quickly.  You get insight into the kitchen.  This bar is small and is part of the restaurant, yet it's kinda tucked in the back corner, so it doesn't feel like you're sitting on a stage in the middle of the restaurant. I could comfortably sit at the bar for cocktails or eat there.   Dress:  Just like most other Birmingham restaurant - come dressed.  You're gonna see your friends!Menu: GOOD.  No, Really Good.  Well laid out - easy to navigate. Not too much not too little.  Just right.  Drink List:  Zak is awesome.  Not just because he knows what Amaro IS (kudos, Zak - you might be one of, like, 11 people in the Ham that know what it is!), but because he's a creator of concoctions.  First restaurant I've seen in B with true Mixologist.  This is nothing new to the folks at Holeman & Finch over in the ATL, but Birmingham is catching on.  And I'm glad to see it.  Our guests tried 5 of the handcrafted cocktails on the list - ALL with rave reviews.  We girls had the Valentine - TASTY and the rose was an exquisite touch, for sure.  Wine List:  "meh" - Definitely wouldn't go there for a glass of wine at the bar.  Dinner:  Don't know where to start.  Here's what we had (deep breath):For starters ...In House Pork Sausage - Very goodMussels - Can't go wrong here.  Great white wine/shallot/butter sauceBoudin Balls - Don't freak out on this one.  They are AWESOMEHam Plate - Surryano and cheese.  LOVED the Surryano ham (learned something new) but the cheese was dry and not presented well.  Oysters - Not on the menu.  If they have them when you go - definitely a must. For dinner ...Ricotta Gnocchi - Pumpkin seeds, sage, brown butter and sweet potatoes - very light, good.Ollie Burger - Well liked.  Don't ask them to make changes though - this isn't BK.  I'm in the middle of the road on that one - I respect it, if the burger is a speciality.  So, if  you don't like how the burger's prepared per the menu, don't ask for it - it's an insult to the chef.  Just get something else.  There are plenty of options.Pub Breakfast - THE BEST of ALL - In short, egg coddled in the herbed cream with ham.  The egg was so delicate and delish - I wanted more than one bit, but this was my guest's dinner.  Just thinking about it ... I believe I will have this for dinner tonight.  Catfish - pan friend to a nice golden brown; tasty sauce; "two thumbs up with a snap"Fall Greens - YUM.  Great flavor.  Great spicePub Fries - Fried chunks of potato wonderfulness,  with sea salt and a tasty sauce.  For dessert:I always have the cheese plate.  This one was ordinary.  Nothing too difficult here - Since this is  a menu item and call it a "Artisanal Cheese Plate", they could  take some chances on this one.   Two Words:  Cheese Primer (by Steven Jenkins).  The accompaniments were really good though.  They did a fine job with that.   Yes.  It's in a 60's strip mall - but that's just how we roll here in the 'Ham.  Think about the fabulous establishment next door - a CLASSIC - Smith's Variety.  The folks at Ollie Irene are in good company, and I hope they're here to stay.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/21/2012,113,11,2,2,2>I went to Satterfield's with a lady friend of mine last month. We started with pork belly (amazing!) and cocktails (of course). I had the filet, which was cooked perfectly (like butter!) and served on a fantastic set up that included gorgonzola mashed potatoes. The entire meal was delicious and included a ton of locally sourced produce (a huge factor in my dining choices). Dessert was amazing as well. Definitely in my top 3 favorites.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,7/20/2012,18,53,4,5,4>Like Whitney, I am also addicted to Saigon Noodle House and, because acknowledging my addiction is the first step to recovery, the future looks bright.The banh mi sandwich is simply outstanding as is the curry bowl with chicken and tofu.  The sandwich showcases charbroiled pork with raw vegetables and some sort of sauce.  I also order some kind of coffee (can never remember the name) after the meal.  I think it's called a Filipino coffee but don't quote me on this.  As far as I can tell it's an intense dark roast with condensed milk.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,7/19/2012,837,503,3,9,5>I am a BIG fan of Saw's in Homewood, so was eager to try out the newest location. After parking around back (hint hint) I met owner Mike Wilson. He said (without me asking any questions) "You've GOT to get the burger..& Onion RIngs" so, who am I to argue with that kind of recommendation.There are 2 Burger options: the Carolina Burger w/slaw & chile and the Saw's Burger. a traditional burger w/cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle & Saw's Sauce)I went with the Saw's Burger and it is OFF THE CHARTS GREAT! loosely hand formed pattie, cooked perfectly great presentation totally delicious, The onion rings are thin cut and totally Yummy.I hereby change my previous position that the best burger in Birmingham area is the beef burger at Golden Rule bbq in Hoover. Saw's Burger is the BEST I have eaten in Birmingham!!!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/18/2012,34,13,2,4,2>What do you get when combine a beach bar transplanted in Birmingham with a sports bar, then add in a live music venue and top it off with above average food? You get The Tin Roof. Anyone from Birmingham is familiar with this spot. You probably have fond memories of drinking your first beer at this location when it was TC's. But, you probably have bad memories of drinking your first beer surrounded by the "Birmingham should come condemn this place immediately," atmosphere and decor. Good news, though, friends. The new owners took the old iconic dump and turned it into a comfortable, friendly inside and out music joint. The vibe is good, the music is great for the area, the staff is friendly and provides really good service and there is some really cool locally painted murals in the back. The food is easily good enough when you're in the mood for quesadillas. Tin Roof even has even concocted the Frankenstein of bar food...the Pizza-dilla. Its variety of quesadillas stuffed with all your favorite pizza toppings. The Chicken Parm and the Devine Street Devil are my personal favorites. The Cuban sandwich is far from Savannah and Mojitos, but its pretty good by B'ham standards.Once the happy hour and dinner crews cycle out, the place goes Optimus Prime and transforms smoothly into a happening nightspot. They have a solid beer selection and your traditional B'ham bar liquor selection. More times than not the bands they have are a step or two above the typical Birmingham cover bands that get passed around like a bad gift at Christmas time (or Hanukkah, Kwanza, Festivus, etc). No need to go grab your U.S. Band or Velcro Pygmies get ups from the cleaners, though, because The Tin Roof is probably going in a different direction unless something changes. So, obviously that's a plus. The inside can get pretty loud and crowded, especially before it warms up, but there is no smoking inside (big plus even for most smokers). And, on the weekends during the cooler weather it gets Innisfree crowded inside. But, fear not...there is a massive outside area that is partially covered with access to 2 bars. Plus, the outdoor stage is HUGE with some banging audio equipment. If this place ever finds a way to put in some old school lawn seats then Oak Mtn Amphitheater might be in trouble (blatant hyperbole). So, take advantage of the 9 months of Summer in B'ham and checkout the new addition to the lineup in Lakeview.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,7/16/2012,4,9,4,5,3>This is possibly one of the best restaurants in Birmingham.But let me say that I was a little worried at first...not because of anything I've heard about the food (I've only heard outstanding things)....but because when I called to make reservations the guy who answered the phone accused me of being some other "Amanda" who didn't show up for her reservation the past three times. Omm....nope. Not me. And even after me trying to convince him that I'm a different Amanda, he wasn't having any of it. So I was a tad worried about getting a bad table or something, but everything turned out fine! :)However, our waitress was wonderful & quite knowledgeable! Now for the food :: Fantastic. Amazing. Excellent. Melts in your mouth and makes you want a nap afterwards. The portions are huge and the wine selection is excellent. Oh my, oh my. The chef also worked with my boyfriend's mom who has Celiac Disease. They were willing to use pasta that she brought (gluten free), and incorporate it into whatever pasta dish she wished. So those with a gluten intolerance who are worried about trying this amazing Italian restaurant, don't be! You must try this place soon, just make sure you get a reservation!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/15/2012,25,8,3,6,4>Holy Popsicle! Steel City Pops is incredible!Inspired by Nashville-based Las Paletas, owner Jim Watkins, has created a truly unique experience in Birmingham and I'm looking forward to seeing this business grow. Their storefront is located in Homewood (next to Little Donkey) but they will also have carts at local parks and farmer's markets. The storefront is well designed, including an open kitchen, where you can see the popsicles being created in front of you. Only all-natural, organic ingredients are used to create two different kinds of pops: creamy or fruity.I tried the hibiscus (fruity) pop today and it was incredible - truly one of a kind! I'm considering going back this afternoon to try another flavor. Trust me, you don't want to miss out on this place. Treat yourself to a pop today!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,7/14/2012,113,225,2,4,3>Sababa is a secret hidden in Overton Village--the menu is unique in Birmingham and well worth a meal out!  Both the schnitzel and falafal and very tasty and I highly recommend you get either in the lafa option.  Don't waste your time on the pita or the plate--as you will get more of a treat by having the lafa.  Once your selection is ready, they will ask you to tell them what you want on your lafa--here are my favorites: tahini, hummus, combo cabbage option, babahganoush (sp??), spicy (green) mixture, Israeli salad, and Israeli pickles.  Yes, I put all of this on the lafa!  I've always had the schnitzel, but have had friends swear on the falafal as well.  They will hopefully offer to cut the lafa in half--it's very big and can be eaten for 2 meals.  It's delicious people, so get over there!Also, it is closed Friday night and Saturday, so get there for lunch during the week or dinner on Sun-Thurs
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/13/2012,181,72,10,5,5>Jim Reed is the man! Anyone who disagrees hates babies and is a terrorist.This bookstore is best visited when you don't have a time constraint. The store is full of interesting books, posters, magazines, and assorted memorabilia. You also need time to search for the books you want because due to obvious logistical issues the books are alphabetized by the first letter of the author's last name only. In other words all the books by authors with the last name started with "S" are on the same shelf but are not arranged in any particular order.Besides the obvious charm of the bookstore the real draw of this store is Jim Reed himself. This guy knows a lot about books and has purportedly memorized every book published within the last 90 years. I routinely walk into his store and say something like "I really liked the book XYZ and I'm looking for something similar, what book would you suggest?" His suggestions are rock solid.His store is cluttered, a bit haphazard, and completely awesome. Advice: You shouldn't come to this store with your heart set on a particular book or you may be disappointed. You should walk in with a few books in mind or maybe any book by a particular author...or whatever catches your eye.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,7/12/2012,17,8,4,5,4>I really dig Parkside.  The bartenders are super friendly, the drinks are priced well and the atmosphere is incredible.  Belly up to the bar and chill inside, or find a spot outside to hang with friends.  Unlike other places where the outside seating is limited and tables are basically on top of each other, Parkside gives you numerous options.  Outside you'll find picnic tables, benches, patio tables, water fountains, gazebos and even a separate building at the back of the property where you can throw darts or play ping pong.  Aaaaand, it's all spread out enough to where you have a bit of privacy in your chosen area!Parkside feels like a backyard party at a friend's house (and I'm not just saying that because my friend used to live in the loft on the second floor - haha).  It's all about the people and the atmosphere at Parkside - and both will have you coming back again and again.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,7/11/2012,19,75,2,4,2>Good gracious gluttony! Come here ready to stuff your face. Wait staff is super friendly. Great beer selection and prices ($2 domestic, $3 imports, and they don't skimp on the serving size). Had the Pepper Jack burger with fries, which meant I had leftovers. Was glad to see a burger with a fried egg on the menu, and at some point I will have to try the peanut butter burger or take the Mugshot challenge, because I'm obviously at war with my insides.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/10/2012,4,38,2,4,3>ORDERED: Seafood Extravaganza + Hush Puppy Side.VERDICT:  YUMMY. MAIN DISH: The pasta/seafood dish is great. Shrimp + sausage + maybe crawfish tail? The portion is just right. I didnt leave bloated. Comes with two pieces of french toast. Yum.SIDE: I ate the hush puppies. Best Hush Puppies... maybe ever. Smaller than normal, crunchy. I dipped them in the ranch-like sauce that came with my father's "Joe's Chips," so you might have to ask for that. I haven't had such delicious food in a while, especially around Hoover. There's not much around this area compared to Birmingham, let alone a cajun place.PRICE: I think it was like $12.99 or $13.99 for the dish/toast/one side. Worth it!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,7/9/2012,46,57,4,8,5>Owned by the same people/family that owns and runs New China Buffet III out at Crestwood. So the menu is almost identical, except the buffet space is a lot more compact. The main differences in the menu are mostly seen in the sushi line, where there are a bit more authentic items than at NCB, but the sushi runs out faster and is replenished slower. One thing I noticed in the menu here is the availability of fried dumplings during dinner; at NCB you can only get fried dumplings during weekday lunch. Also the fresh seafood salad that you can get at NCB doesn't exist here. In both places they only bring out the raw fish on weekends when they can charge more.During Xmas and western New Year's they were open but charged $1 more while changing up the menu a little; they had salt-and-pepper fried frogs legs and sliced peking roast duck which I thought were good and unique variations - they should do the frog legs more.In general they are $1 more expensive than NCB, probably due to being in Hoover vs. Crestwood. They also close an hour earlier than NCB.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,7/7/2012,89,327,3,6,5>They now have more calzone options. All of their specialty pizzas are now available as calzones. I had the ham and pineapple and it was delicious.Also, I finally tried something besides a calzone. Baked Ziti with meat sauce. And it. was. so . good! My husband ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce but liked my baked ziti much better. It's super cheesy!The reason it's on my Top 100 Dishes to Try list:calzonebaked zitiList:The BEST calzone and baked ziti I've ever had.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/6/2012,48,16,3,11,5>This place is very cute. It has a warm atmosphere. The bus boy called in the night we went so the hostess was bussing and seating which made the wait pretty long. We had a malbec and a red zinfandel while we waited and the bartender was very friendly. Once seated we had a wonderful waitress. The rolls were very fresh and warm. We ordered the alligator appetizer and the remoulade sauce it came with was amazing and obviously homemade. It was also a very generous portion size. We both got salads and the greek vinegarette was also clearly made in house. My husband ordered the filet with oysters. The steak was cooked perfectly and he practically licked his plate clean. I ordered the chicken saltimbocca and the waitress suggested I add noodles because of the generous amount of sauce. My entree was HUGE, two pieces of chicken. Everything was cooked to perfection. It's now my favorite resturant chicken dish by far. To top the meal off we had the cheescake with a creme brulee topping. Oh my stars! It was fantastic. It's easy to see where the chef/owner gets his talent because ALL the deserts are made from scratch by his mother. We were very pleased with our experience here and will be back for sure. I want to try some of their 5.50 lunch specials and their po' boys.Not to harp on the Fox Valley thing BUT Mike is the previous chef from Fox Valley, the one that gave it the reputation that it no longer stands up to.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/5/2012,440,356,11,12,11>This is now my favorite Japanese place in Bham. Why? Because our delightful server (name withheld to protect the innocent) actually grabbed the chopsticks from my friend and fixed his sushi for him and fed it to him. I could not stop laughing, and this alone is worthy of a high rating. I've only been to this place twice, but both times the service has been excellent. One time I tried a deep fried sushi roll, and it was great. This last time I tried the x'mas roll. It was awesome. I am a fan of their miso soup and house salad. I love ginger dressing. Both times I ordered hibachi, one time chicken and one time steak. Was everyday hibachi food, but still tasty. I've also tried their hibachi tofu. Big and fluffy and just right.The prices are a little high, but it looks like they usually have some kind of special going on. Yum yum.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/4/2012,111,13,3,3,3>2012 has been good for discovering new and tasty places for food, fun and friends. My most recent discovery was the Spicy Peach Margarita here at Little Savannah. This particular night out was to celebrate the success of dear friend. I had already made up my mind about my drink choice that evening, but another friend shared her Margarita with me and I immediately flagged down our bartender to order my own. Everyone in my group had at least one Spicy Peach Margaritas, so we were all musing and commenting on the taste. It was sweet, with a mild aftertaste of jalapeno. The only thing that could have made it better would have been a stronger bite from the pepper. The sweet overpowered the spicy. Not necessarily a bad thing, but I wanted to order a bowl of peppers to use as chasers. Our bartender, who seemed to be quite a character, told us the mix was made and bottled here in Jefferson County and a local grocery store sales it in JUGS (this is the South).The entire evening was amazing and I'll be back to try the food, but the Spicy Peach Margarita is reason enough to count down until today's happy hour.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,7/3/2012,23,18,3,8,3>i went to Five this weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday.  i had heard about the concept of the restaurant from friends in tuscaloosa and was excited that we were getting one in bham.  i was immediately impressed with the decor - inside & out.  the decor was dominated by funky chandeliers, eclectic art, a large wooden bar & a bbq pit.  the concept of Five is pretty obvious... they have 5 whites, 5 reds, 5 specialty drinks, 5 snacks & 5 entrees, etc that they switch up.  with such a limited menu you have to bring your A game so i was anxious to dive in.  i had the pineapple jalapeno margarita from the bar & my night was immediately off to a great start.  the drink had fresh jalapeno slices that gave it just the right amount of kick.  all of the specialty cocktails i sampled were fantastic but my beer was always served lukewarm.  after we were seated we immediately dove into the snack portion of the menu.  we had the spring rolls and the baked avocado.  the avocado was fantastic but really hard to share so i would not recommend ordering it for your entire table.  i envisioned baked avocado slices that could be divided up easily but it was an avocado half (minus the pit), stuffed & baked and served on a salad bed.for my main course, i ordered the chicken dish & it was just okay... not bad but nothing i would crave again. the standard sides are salad with a vinaigrette and mashed potatoes (fries are available too).  my potatoes were cold... if you are only going to have a few side items they better be spot on.overall my experience was great... fun atmosphere with lots of energy.  a welcome addition to the lake view scene!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,7/2/2012,13,5,3,3,3>Excellent coffee...among the very best I have had anywhere. It's a great environment that begs for you to cozy up with a book and an espresso. The lattes are expertly crafted with a perfectly smooth velvety finish. The scones are the best I have had anywhere. However, I have tried the muffins on several occasions and find them dry and average in flavor. All their other treats are plenty yummy. I love supporting local companies, this place truly is a neighborhood gem.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/1/2012,8,5,2,6,3>As advertised, the extensive selection of craft & imported beers is a focal point at the J Clyde pub. The staff is very knowledgeable about the selection and happy to tell you whatever you want to know.  Expecting typical pub fare, we were pleasantly surprised to discover the food was very good too; well prepared and presented piping hot. The veggies tasted fresh as did the fish. We started with a bowl of beer cheese soup, and a couple of cornbread muffins with lemon butter to accompany it.  It was really flavorful and the muffins were sinful. My wife had the Vegetable Boxty, a nice blend of seasonal local vegetables in a pastry shell that appeared and tasted freshly made. It was excellent.  My fish & chips was delicious too, with a crisp beer batter crust and served with sweet potato fries lightly dusted with a brown sugar mix. Even the side salads were fresh and tasty.The covered patio is pretty much the same as it was when the pub had another name, but is still like a little hidden corner of the Southside where you wouldn't expect to find 50 people all talking and having a great time.  You can barely hear it from the front of the pub, but it's a cool little nook where I've seen a band or two in years past.  Any beer lover will be happy at the J Clyde, but don't ignore the food!  It was really great, and we'll be back for more.
